IMowUst* The Midnight Prophecy OK THE HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. Hi/ Emma Garrison tToncs. CHAPTER LXVIL *'l WII/, SAVK VOU." " I climbed the gory vulture's nest. And found the Irombiing dove within." The voice of llutfier Gwynnctli aroused her from a deep sleep, the sleep of niter exhaustion. She started up with a tlirill of terror. The sun was shining in at the window, and the old woman was placing the tray containing licr breakfast on the table. " Ye slumber late, my lassie," she re marked, as Maggie sprang up. all dressed as she had thrown herself down ; !< ye must a keep bad hours last night ; see " pointed to the empty candlestick-" yer candies burnt out." '? I like to burn my light all night in this ghosily place,"' replied Maggie, quietly, hut thrilling with terror lest the dust on her clothes or some disarrange ment about the room should betray her ; "and I got to rummaging among the dusty old books, too, to pass away the time 'tis awfully dull shut up ia this way, my good woman." " Weel, wcel,': responded the old woman, her eyes gleaming wickedly, " 'twas yer own stubborn will «is brungj'e here; why di;i»<i yc marry the young laird at once <! Because I was foolish, 1 dare say," sii<l Maggie, obeying a sudden determin ation to pretend she was being conquered in order to ward off suspicion ; " but L ti'd Angus should have been patient and not whisked me oil" and shut me up like a prisoner. I can't forgive him." " Yes, ye can,'' coaxed Mother Gwyn neth. " \Vhy he dene it all fur love of ye, and he be a braw young laird as any lassie need be proud to win. Ye'li for gie him au' meet him wi" a kiss when he gets back from Luuixon, won't ye now Maggie tossed her head with a charm ing coquettish air. .4 When does he come f she asked. To-morrow, niebbe ; he thought to be gone a week, but Berkit c une last night an' says he'll be buck sooner-so ye may be lookiu' yor pnttiest. Coom, here's yer breakfast al' hot now ; sit ye down an* «a", an' don't fret any more ; I shall be busy to-day, since the young laird cuoms io-in-jrro;v." She left the room, locking it after her, and Maggie heard h«'r go ahuilUng <lown tiie greit stairway with the blood-hound whining at her heels, lie followed the old creature wherever she went. To-morrow ! Lord Angus coming back to-morrow ! Oh, what should she do ? J low should she cscape t She sat for a long time in deep thought. There seemed to be 110 hope, ami she came to her decision iu silent cilmucss. Tf the worst came she would slip through the aperture, replacc the sliding panel, aud lie down in the awful gloom somewhere below and Tiiey would never iind her for it was evideut they knew nothing of the secret pis sage. 13ut it would b-3 a dreadful end to life and her old father mouinin" over hol loas. And the E irl of Strathspey! At thought of him she started up. Ti:e re membrance of his white face and hungry eyes thrilled her with new hope. i->!ie crossed over to the table. The breakfast was very tempting and she was weak and ' hungry. She ate one cake, a little bit of the broiled bacon, and swallowed a mouth ful of tea ; the remainder she reserved for the poor sufferer below. Bit dare she attempt to mrke the descent by daylight'! What if some one should enter her ro jm aud lind the panel open, the secret stair way revealed But she could not bear to 1- t the earl famish throughout the long, long day. She resolved to risk it. Taking the food iu her apron as before she removed the panel ;iud hurried down. When she reached the vault she was breathless. The peer, reclining on his bed of atone, heard her coming and aro-e to meet lier, his white face eager aud smiling. It had seemed an eternity since she left him. She spread her breakfast before him and invited him to partake of it. "But, iny little friend," he said, gravely, his eyes turning with wistful long ing toward the food, in spite of his will, "I cannot prolong my life at the cost of yours-you bring me your food while you are starving!" " Oil, no,:l she cried. " No, indeed. 1 have eaten some, aud I shiil have more at lioon-please eat it, and try to get.your j strength; you will need it all. Aud IJ !must leave you again this moment. I will come again; in the meantime, remain > quiet, and do uot despair. The darkest j hour is just before the dawn." I She fl d away as she had come, with | noiseless steps, up the spiral stairs, and I back to her prison. 1 The morning wore away. Noon came, I and a hot September sun blazed down I upon the hoary battlements: the long,long I afternoon, the cool gray twilight, and at I last, at last the silent night. J Maggie threw aside the old volume slie I had been trying in vain *o read, and went I to the window with a sigh of relief. I The day had seemed so endless, and she I had longed for the night with a vague 1 hope. A groundless hope, alas, for t lie re j was uot the most remote possibility of | escape. \et she longed with feverish im | patience for the darkness, and welcomed | it now, and watched the great white stars. | lushing out in the far-off sky, with tear I dimmed C3*es. I Her keeper came up with her supper | and a little morsel of candle that would I uot last through half the night. I " I won't have ye watching the night I through, an' uiakin' a ghost o' ycrsel," I she said ; "go to bed like a gude lassie; I ver braw yotmg sweetheart will be here ] to-morrow." I Maggie shuddered and sat down by the I casement, that foolish, vague hope still I tormenting her. She reserved hersupper I for the earl, intending to take it do-.> n to j hi in bj' and bj\ I Slowly the hours went by, and she sat I there counting her own heart-beats. She | could hear the fir trees moaning in the I September winds, and the sea beating on I the sands below, and at last, after weary, j weary waiting, she heard that for j which she had hoped with such feverish I unrest. The sweet llute-uotes set to the I music of the dear old song, " The Camp I bells are coming." I Assured now that it was intended j as a signal to herself, she arose, iu a I tremor of excitement, and lit her bit of ] candle. j Then she made her way out, and started 1 np the dizzy stairs again. Impatience I winged her feet, and she made the long I and tiresome ascent very speedily. " I A s'out wind was blowing when she j reached the tower-chamber, and she j hurried her candle into a sheltered corner I lest it should be blown out. Then she j tore a strip from her apron, and twisting J it in!o a wisp, lit it at the blaz-i, and hastening to the window threw it out aa I before. The wind caught it and whirled it J away, like a Hunting pennon in the dark j ness, and swift as thought, from below, J came the dulcet numbers of " Highland Mary. J Maggie knew that she was answered, j A delicious thrill stirred her heart, and I a bright bloom suffused her waxen cheeks j as he gazed down the dizzy distance. She j could see a man's figure crossing the j barren heath below, and raising ai'°arm, j ever and anon, with a warning gesture, j She u atehed the dark, tall figure with I fascinated eyes. It aoproached°the base I of the ruins with rapid steps, and tiieu she lost sight of it. Still she did not re move her fascinated gaze, but continued j to lean ovei the stone sill, her eyes J straiued down into the shadowy depths 1 below. I Teu iiiiuutcs passed in de*id silence ! j Then, all at once, a strain of ex<juisite I melody broke on her car. And, wonder of wonders, it came, not from the heath below, but from some near point. Her heart throbbed with painful rapidity, aud sho drew back half in terror. Ten minutes more ! The great, owl, startled from his roost in the ivy, flew out with a wild cry, and in the after silence the girl caught, at. intervals, the sound of hoarse, panting respirations. Impelled by some emotion stronger than her terror, she leaned far out into the night, and she caught sight of a man's head protruding above the clustering ivy. A low, startled cry escaped her lips. It was instantaneously answered. ' fiuiet," spoke a clear, lirm voice, a voice that inspired her with confidence and courage ; "do uot fear ; I am comina to help you.' " " Come on slie responded, still look ing out. The ivy vines that clung about the lofty tower began to shake and rustle, the panting respirations came nearer, and presently the man's head came distinctly into view-a handsome, blonde head- and a pair of shilling, resolute blue e3-es. Their owner was accomplishing the dar ing feat of climbing the .' Border Watch tower by aid of the ivy vines that coverod it. H*.- came up eautiouslj*, but fearlessly, now clinging by his arms, now finding's foothold against the rugged masonry. ° Maggie grew sick 'and faint as she watched him, but he smiled up into her \\\h:tc face, as it hung over him in the s«i\ery moonlight; and in another breath he swung himself up to the window-sill, and leaped in. Covered with perspiration, aud almost gasping from his great exertion, his close fitting hunting-jacket torn into shreds, his^ handsome face Hushed, his blonde curls all in a tumble; yet Maggie knew him in an instant. He was the youn« .stranger who had drawn her from under the horse's fiet at tlie "Lion and the IJnicorn," and to whom she appealed for help when Led Angus forced her away. Her eyes brightened, and a lovely color rose t.. her cl:e ks. She extended her hand with a shy but exquisite grace. '* 1 remember you," she said, simply ; and you have risked your life to come to me ?" The young man bowed, and took the cold little lingers in his own shanelv hand. 3'ot qUlte i,e replied. " IVas a close thing, I'll admit, but I've a J,alont for climbing, and the ivy is stroii" and sate ; my life was in no danger. lint I in g'ad you remember me." he added, with a 11 ishing glance, "because 1'vo never forgotten you for one single moment : sleeping or waking, your fiscc has liauiited u:e. I knew you were not maa, as they asserted, and I determined to sa\ e you. 1 followed the carriage that bore yoii away that night. :.nd saw vou c m-eyed into this place ; and finding" no other mode of entrance, you s e. 'I've climbed the gorv vulture's nest.'' \nd : now, what can I do for you .' Help me to escape.'^ replied Maggie, promptly. " li 1 remain till to- morrow, a fate worse than death will be mine." He considered a moment, his handsome face turned toward the setting moon. "First, tell me," ho then replied. " how you ever m inaged to get up here if, as 1 inter, you Ua' e Hew » pri soner. You surely did not ascend by tlie secret stairway ?" " Yes, I did," Maggie replied. " I dis covered it by chance, and came up here attracted by the sound of your flute ; but I fancied 110 one knew that such a stair way existed." The young man smiled, showing his handsome white teeth. " You fancied rightly. 1 stumbled upon it by chance, like yourself, when this old place was unoccupied and I was here on an investigating tour ; but I can t well believe that you had the courage to ascend it." " I did," said Maggie. "I would go through the gates of death, I think, to make my escape." He flished another glance upon her from his bright blue eyes. 44 Come, then," he said ; " we have no time to lose, and there is but one way. The doors and gates are barred and bolted, and Mother Gwynneth and her blood- liound are playing sentinel. We must go down by the ivy. ' Maugie started in surprise, and grew a shade"paler as she glanced down the dizzy distance. "There's no danger," replied the stranger, encouragingly; "if you will only trust me, I will save you. Come ! He held out his hand, and Maggie drew near. " Now you'll have to cling to me with all vour strength-here, this way, so that I can use my hands in descending, and do not fear; you look like a brave trirl." ° She permitted him to clasp her close, while she twined her arms about his stal wart shoulders. He was just oil the point of springing through the window, when she uttered a quick cry ! " Oh, I had forgottenshe exclaimed ; " how utterly selfish L am in my eager ness te save myself. There is another prisoner in this old castle-away down in the old donjon keep, the Earl of Strath spey lies dying. We must save him-I won't leave him behind. The young man turned and faced her, a curious expression in his eyes. « What do you say ?" he cried ; " the Earl of Strathspey a prisoner here ?" « Yes-his own son, or the boy rather, who has been reared as his son, lured him here by a false letter, and locked him in the denjon to die. Providence sent me down to him, I think, and I saved his life by sharing my food with him." "And why should this boy lure his father here, and leave him to die 'V ques tioned the stranger, a slight tremor run ning through his clear voice. '''The earl suspects that the boy is not his son, aud talks of renouncing him, and the young man wants to murder him, and secure the earldom." For the space of an instant the young man stood silent, a slow flush arising to his fair, cl< ar-cut face. " Well," he ejaculated at last, "of all strange things, this is the strangest, the Earl of Strathspey incarcerated here by his son aud heir. I can scarcely believe it." " It is true," cried Maggie, eagerly ; 44 and he will die-he looks like death llow-and I have carried him no food since mornuig. Oh, sir, can't you help me ?" "Of course I will-I'll rouse the officers of the law, and ransack this old ghost liest from top to bottom " *. But every moment is precious," inter posed Maggie ; "the young Lord Angus, as he is called, falsely enough too, for I have the proof that he is no son of the earl." < What, you have the proof V' 'Yes-I found it, as I seem to find everything, by mere chance, in the llan ncl mantle worn by that poor little babe tint was found, on the Tyrol mountain the written proof that " Hist !" cried the young man, catching at her arm, "there's a carriage below - put out your candle, quick Maggie darted across to the corner in which the candle flickered, and ex tinguished it with a breath, then she turned to the window, gazing cautiously down. A two-wheeled vehicle containing a couple of men was bowling up the gravel walk. In a second they paused at i h'- groat gate, aud one of them 1. aped out, and proceeded to unlock it. Maggie liad a fair view of the other as he sat in the white moonlight. "Oh, heavens!" she whispered, her cheeks paling with terror, " it. is Lord Align-1, the ear'J s son ; we are lost ?' ''Nay,'' replied the stranger, " n-»t lost yet. See, they have entered-Mother Gwyr.neth's blood-liouud bids thein wel come. Come !" He clasped lur firmly with one arm and approached the window. " " Buv, the earl V" gasped Maggie, shiver ing with terror, as she heard the fierce baving of the beast below. " HI save him," replied the yonng man, quiitly; "but jmu must be got. into a safe place first. Come-the moments are precious." And clasping her once more, he leaped lightly through the window and swung himself out. 