OUR SYDNEY LETTER. From Our Correspondent. SYDNEY, Thursday., There is a lull in politics jnst'now, bu'titis probably only the culm 'which .precedes a' storm. Parliament ro-asscmblcs on Tuesday next,' and it can bo safely prcdioted thnt the beginning of a series of troubles to the latest 1'arkes Ministry will then take place. What the Ox>position pro poses to do on tho House meeting has not yet transxnred. It is not.-' reported that a general' or partial council of Mr. Dibbs auil his followers has yet been held for tho iiurposc of deciding upon tho plan of Parliamentary camxiaign. However, thero is yet ample timo to rally tho Oxqiosition forces, and decide upon the modes of attack to bo. adopted iigaihst'thp, Government.', It is not improbable that a gathering of opponents of the Ministry will tako place on Monday next or on Tuesday, before the formal meeting of Parlia ment. What precise and immediate action will then be decided upon cannot now' bo sunn.sed, but it can safely bo said that an early and deli berate attack upon the existence of the new Cabinet will bo unanimously agreed to. The suxiporters of tho Ministry are sensitively alivo to the delicate xiositionof tho new Adminis tration. A "weak breath" has, so to speak, " mado " this present fragile Cabinet of Sir Henry 1'arkes, and a similar fccblo breath may at any moment extinguish it. Tho suxiporters of the Government in the xiress liavo been coun selling it to caution, and endeavoring to impress ux>on it the fact that it cannot afford to bo pro- digal of solf-confidcncc. The visit of Sir Seiners Vino to Sydney to x'rcack up supx>ort to the. Imxierial Instituto was seized upon as an opportunity to urge general caution and moderation upon Sir Henry Parkes and his col leagues. If tho Government, as it promises, in troduces an Amending Laud Bill into the Asf scmbly at an early stugc of the session, it is far from inqirobablo that the wreck of the Ministry is an event of no distant date. To attempt to deal with the land question in' tho xircsent evenly-balanced state of x'urties in the House, looks as if the Premier rushed to his destruction with his cye3 oxien. However, Sir Henry hinted on a former occasion that, when his last Ministry was defeated, he " courted defeat, "and it is just possible that, in view of his recent utterances regarding his old ago and his real disinclination for office, nud having destroyed Sir. Dibbs as a Minister, ho may be disxioscd to undergo tho Xilcasurabie excitement of a defeat onco more, and then finally rotiro from official, if not from Parliamentary, life. Of course, it would bo a much simpler and straightforward courso for Sir Henry to resign with all his honors, thick or otherwise, upon liiui ; but his friends admitthat he is given to "fads," and eccentricity is ono of tho characteristics of his later years! Tho immenso value of tho protectionist organisations which wero established all over the country bctwoon tho two last general elections lias forced itself uxion tho recognition of all parties to the recent contest. By none is -it so openly, but sorrowfully,- acknowledged as by tho foroign-trado party, which affects to trace its own virtual defeat at the general election to its undor valuutiou of local political societies. Tho free-traders aro now endeavoring to rectify the mistake which thoy believe thoy made at tho recent election. Branches of the Free-trado"' Association ore being established in various parts of the metropolitan' district, as well as hi difforcnt parts of tho country electorates. The lost x'ower and prestige of the party are, howovor, ujiparont in tho spirit in which this work is being carried out. 'Instead of tho meetings to form branches' being culled by advertisements in tho news papers, or by "posters" in tho public thorough fares, as was done by tho Protection Association and tho Protection League when these bodies' wero founding thoir brandies, they aro con vened by circular, which is sent only to known friends of the "cause." Thus tho scandal of any disunion being mado public is prevented. If any of tho newspapers aro represented they are the friendly ones, which will not bo too critical, too hard uxion evidences of weakness, or too severe upon waywardness and insubordina-, tion. It is to be feared, however, that tho free traders are over-estimating the loss, if any, whioh thoir party sustained by the want of local organisation at the rcccut election. The party had all tho advantages of powor, wealth, in fluence and established dominion - on its side: If " whatever is is right," then it' had that particular might upon its side. On tho otlior hand, tho x>rotcctionists had to educate the electors in a new fiscal doctrine, whioh was at first received with coldness and distrust. Moreover thoir ranks wore largely filled up by tho working, not tho employing, classes, whoso facilities for producing tho "sinews of war" were inferior to thoso of thoir opx>onents. It is therefore probably not too much to say that, even with a complete system of organisation, tho free-trado party would hardly succeed bettor at another general elec tion than they have dono at tho last, which, taken upon tho whole, may bo regarded as a fair indication of tho state of parties in tho country. A branch of tho Free-trade Association was established at Manly a fow evenings ago. That delightful village iB within tho electorate of St. Leonards, and amongst the speakers were Sir Henry Parkcs and Mr. J. F. Burns (tho former. Treasurer), who nre two of tho members for tho district. As might bo expected, the occasion was too strong a temptation to tho Premier to have a "fling" at Victoria for liiin to resist. "With that pertinacity in repeating refuted state ments and reiterating exploded principles which lias so strongly characterised Sir Henry Parkes of late years, tho Premier returned- to tho old worn-out subject of Victorian and Now South "Wales manufactories. On the very last occa sion that Sir Henry touched this subject ho mado what Mr. Bosco Blithers would call "an awful mess " of it. Ho declared that tho Gee- long tweed and woollen ipills had been, or wero, about to be closed ; but tlio telegraph wires wero promxitly used to obtain tho truth upon tho subject, and it . was found, from tho testi mony -of both managers and employ is, that ttyo Geeloug establishments wore not only active, but in a flourishing condition. Tho method of enumerating factories in New South "Wales, as comxiarcd with tho system in Viotoria, wus also exposed about the same timo, with the aid of no less important and weighty "a witness than Mr. Coghlan, tho Government statistician, upon whose figures Mr. Burns, who first raised discussion upon the Bubject, relied. It was shown that in tho Now South "Wales "faotories," steam laundries, ohaff- outting establishments, stifuebreaking depots and industries cjusdem generis wero inoludod, whilo such centres of industrial activity in Victoria were not included in Mr. Haytcr's . returns. Sir Henry Parkes was not, however, to bo deterred by tho oxxiosuro which followed Sir. Burns's blundering statement regarding tho alleged excessive number of " manufactures " in this colony over those existing in Victoria. Ho returned to tho themo at Manly tho other night as if it wero quito fresh nud ho had to tell tho electors of St. Leonards some thing now and interesting. And Mr. Burns himself sat by and comxihiccutly listened. Tho Premier said that, sinco 1879, - tho number of persons employed in manufactures in , Now South "Wales had nearly doubled, nnd then went on to say that " in Victoria for tho samo period they had liatl protective laws cnaoted for the purpose, not of supxilying revenue, but of encouraging manufactures ; yet tho total num ber employed was 49,000, or only 3505 moro persons so employed than wo hud. Ho asked was it worth whilo to go through years of restriction to get suoh a result as this 2" Sir Henry Parkes was certainly a littlo moro moderate than Mr. Burns ; for, whilo tho latter, in his Inst financial speech, claimed a larger number of manufactories in New South "Wales than in Victoria. Sir Henry Parkes concedes that a larger number of persons aro employed in manufactures in the southern colony than in this. Mr. Burns went on tho number of establishments, Sir Henry Parkes on tho number of hands. But still tho Premier makes no allusion to tho definition of a " factory," as understood by Mr. Coghlan and Mr. Hoy tor respectively. Sir Henry concluded his speech, as ho docs on all such occasions, by telling his hearers what i>rotcction really is. Sometimes ho has defiued it as a "creaturo;" again as "an artifice of designing men." At Manly tho Premier de scribed tho Victorian policy thus : " It was an inducement, an artificial, impropor inducement for industries to tako root. Thoy wero planted because there was a subsidy from tlio public Treasury, which went into tho pockete of thoso who planted them." , NMwitlistandiug the present activity of the Free-trado Association, tho members of tho Iiarty who liavo been returned to Parlia ment at tho recent general elections are apparently dissatisfied with tho opera tions of that organisation. They aro taking st'cps to forni an association off their own account. The hew body will not, howevor, be a purely Parliamentary combination, but will extend its functions into, tho electorates. No doubt, tlio Free-trado Association hns, by the feoblenoss whicli it exhibited during tho recent contest, excited the dissatisfaction, not to sorry contempt, of some of the moro active and' advanced members of tho party, who were succcssful'at tile elections. In order to recover some of its lost prestige, tho association 'of which Mr. Tecce, the Ministerial "whip," is the head, nnd Mr. Pulsford, an altaehi of the Sydney foreign trado press, is tho tail or secretary, is now puttings fortli a renewed but tardy effort. There is, no doubt, an all round irritation nmbngst foreign trailers, and tho Frie-trnde Association is the "most tangible thing upon which tho party can.cast blame and give vont to its pent up biliousness. It is very probable that Sir Somers Vine will return to England chagrined nnd disappointed, and harboring a poor opinion of tlio Australian colonics as offshoots of tho British nation. He could hardly have arrived in Queensland on his mission in furtherance of tho Imperial Instituto at a more inopportune time. Tho ' National Iiarty, now just sprung into existenco in that colony, nnd nursing its strongly democratic spirit, is in no mood to discuss a proposal whose chief recommendation, as imt forth 'by Sir Somers Vine, is that it is dear to the heart of tho Prince of Wales. The colony, too, has only just emerged from an angry altercation with the Imperial Government over tho appointment of a new Governor, and rejected tho no- minco . of Lord Knutsford. Sir Somers Vino will hardly meet with more. onthusiasm. in Sydney tliaii ho hns oxperiencnccd in Brisbane. Tlio tone 'of tho debate-in the Legislative As sembly a" few months ago, ! when Sir" Henry Parkes moved his resolution, claiming tho right, of New South Wales to have a voice in the ap- ; pointiqdht of its Governor, showed unmis-. tak'enbly enough, that Imperialism met with littlo favor from tho representatives of the people. A marked vein of republicanism ran through the democratic speeches whioh were mnde on thnt occasion. A section ' of tho colonial press, which is support ing tlio present Administration, is. now acting tlio part of the candid friend to Sir Henry Parkes, and warns him that, by assisting tho mission of Sir Somers Vine, lio may commit as huge a mistnko as he pcrxietratcd when lio proposed tho building of tho State House. The- Premier is reminded that his position in tlio Assembly is ."not strong, -and that lie cannot afford to run risks, particularly iii tlie further ance of external objects in which the colony has no substantial interest. . The i>robability, how ever, is that, even without this friendly advice, . though offered in some cases, in a dictatorial tone, tlio Premier is too much alive to tho peril of his espousing tho cause of Sir Somers Vino and tho Imperial Institute to havo anything whatever to do with the matter. The new Government -has hardly taken office and comfortably settled down to tho adminis tration of the affairs of tho country than the sxieotro of tlio unemployed Btnlks into the Cabinet council. ' Mr.. Wise and other x>romi-' nent supporters of Sir Henry Parkes have, during tho i>olitical developments of the lost few months, claimed as ono of tho grand Booial works performed by the last Parkes Ad- . ministration that it had got rid of tlio " unem ployed" difficulty. . . But , the ghost was laid only for a short time, and now it re appears afterdark, and haunts the neighborhood of tho Queen's Statue as of old. -A doputa- tion from the unemployed has waited upon the Government demanding work, and in reply Mr. Bruco Smith, the Minister of Public Works, lias promised 'great things to those who are now out of employment. He undertakes that within the next few months 2000 men will be required by the Government for public works. Somo of the works to be undertaken will, it is stated, extent over 12 months. A good many' of tho works which are to be cngagod in lie in and around Sydney, and include tho reclamation of land at Shea's Creek (on the way to Botany), and the extension of the tramway, system to Dulwich ; Hill, Waverley. Cemetery and Bondi Beach. ;If the carrying out of the proposed works have .the' effect of' removing Bome of the daily loiterers in tho public. parks of tho city, tin eye-, sore nnd a roproach will have been removed from the surface of Sydney. The condition of Hyde Park, which is in the heart of tho city, is daily a subject of regret and reproach. No corresponding scene is to bo Witnessed in Melbourno at any time. Throughout tho day tho sward nnd the', benches in tho fino reserve lying between the tram line in Elizabeth-street nnd Woolloomooloo are swarmed with idle, shabbily dressed and hopo forsaken men who, having made the park thoir own during the day, make it, in many cases, their lodging place at night. Crime, as well as poverty, is represented in those . innumerable knots of hungry and homeless men, for rob beries from the persons of. sleepers aro of fre quent occurrence, even in the broad daylight and almost undor the eyes of tho police; Vir tually, Hyilo Park is closed to ladies as a plnce of resort-, ond recreation, and even tho nurse maid, whose happy hunting ground lies in imrks anil gardens, avoids Hyde Park and pre fers the Botanical Gardens, where the regula tions koei> tho company more select. Why tlio Government should think of extend ing the present tramway system at a time when tho use of steam motors is generally, if not universally, condemned by tho community is one of those things which only Governments can attemxit to explain. In the same way an enormous outlay was made within the Inst nine months on the lines within tho city at a time when tho Government was avowedly anxious to get rid of the lines, and when tenders wero about to- be called for their leasing or purchase. The ex isting tramways are doomed, anil although tho emxiloymeut of men upon tho extension of tho system will have the effect of reducing tho number of individuals and families who are' Buffering distress, it is doubtful that tho end will justify the means: Many useful and re productive works might be pointed to as eligible for tho utilisation of the unemployed, without public money being expended on works which mo3t likely, at no distant date; will have to bo undone. For tho iirose'nt, by tho way, the city council lias refused .to have any thing to do with the New South Wales Tram way Company nnd its bill. This courso of action on tho part of tho city corporation is somewhat inconsistent and wayward. The tramway company approached tho council with a view to opening up negotiations for the using of certain streets of tho city for tram lines' of a new . description. The comxiany offered the council.a partnership in tho proposed undertak ing. The city council received the overtures favor ably and naked the company to liavenbill prepared for passago through Parliament, which it (the council) would go through and consider. The tramway company complied with the request, the bill was partly considered at one meeting of the council and resumed at another held yesterday, when it suddenly occurred to tho council tlint it was giving the company a locus standi by -touching the bill which it (tho council) itself had called into existence, and, after iiarliainentary fashion, x>ostponed the consideration of the measure for threo months, i.e., indefinitely. , The discus sion which took plaoe yesterday elicited some useful observations. -One of the difficul ties raised to running tramcars in George-street was the narrowness of tho thoroughfare and the thickness of the oxisting traffic. It was pointed out by Alderman Manning that naturally tho running of trams in the street would havo the effect of driving off the line many of tho omni buses whicli now so largely swell tho traffic, and that tho result of this would be to reduce the almost intolerable noise which the heavy vehicular traffic passing over tho wood pavement now . causes. Alder man Flayfair, M.L.A., praised the Mel bourne trams, which he said were ." models of cleanliness : and convenience. I' Alderman Chapman, M.L.A., seems to think that Mel bourne ought to be followed in the method of initiating and controlling the tramway system of Sydney.. He hns given notice that at the next meeting of the conucil ho will move that tho Government bo asked to pass through' Par liament a biU empowering the city and suburban councils to construct siich "tramways in tho me tropolitan-district as they may. decide upon amongst themselves. - If tlio municipal ' councils could be. relied upon to tako the matter earnestly in hand and without delay, probably . this arrangement - would give more general satisfaction to the public than allowing the streets of the. city and suburbs and the passenger locomotion to fall into tho hands' of private individuals. Several city improvements of a desirable nature are proceeding or contemxilated. The city council is directing its attention to the swooping away .or . improvement of somo of tho many old buildings which exist in the city, to its disfigurement and the danger of tho citizens. , A fow days ago tho mayor, accompanied by . several of tho civic . officers, inspected a num ber of those dilapidated structures, and either condemned them ns unfit for. human habitation, or required repairs or improve ments to be effected without delay. They visited Pitt, "William, Market and Elizabeth streets, and some of tlio thoroughfares in that ancient and unsavory part of ' the city called Woolloomooloo. Those may be described as negative improvements to Sydney, but amongst the xiositive ones is a now arcade, which is to be built from Castlerengli-strcet to Pitt- street, between Market-street and King-street. This will make the fourth arcade in Sydney. A few days ago tlio grand entrance of the General Post Offico.was thrown oxien to the xiublic tor the first time, displaying the noble staircase leading to tho offices over head." Tho portion of tho post office at present erected may now bo regarded as completed, tho principal entrance is in that by-woy between George aud Pitt-street, which is by anticipation called Post Offico-place or street. Nothing bos apparently yet been done towards securing land for the widening of this street, so as to show off' Tho fine post office to advantage. At least nothing is heard of any immediate prospect of the street being widened, and ux> to the present the bill sticker- is roaster of the excellent situation. , , Tho . strike ; of the plasterers . is ono of the business inconveniences' which tho community at present suffers. It was lioped that tho dif ferences between the masters and men would have been settled this- week, but the dispute seems to-day as-far from settlement as ever. It is not a question of wages which is now at issue, but the summary punishment of "black legs." The dispute on ' the 1st February when the men were "called out" was over a demand for a uniform rate of wages of lis; a day. The masters however, refused to bind thomselves to give that rate to inferior workmen. Then tlio question arose, who was to decide tho qualifications of a mnn 2 The .masters "claimed that' as they paid tlio wages, tuey were entitled to adjudicate on a man's skill ns a workman. The operatives i'ro- Ii'osod to refer tlio subject of -skill to a mixed tribunal o f masters and men, but the former would submit to no judgment but their own. Tho men wcro equally firm in . resisting what they considered tho aggressiveness nnd des potism of tho employers. All those difficulties were, however, at length got over, tl\c men- conceding to the masters the right to decide ui>on tlio competency of the employed, and then tho treatment of tho plasterers who remained at work after they had boon "called out" came on for discussion. The masters wished to hold these men harmless, but the society would not henr ' of this, the most that it would concede being thnt the offenders should not be dealt witli whilo thoy remained in their present em- ployment. Thus the mattor stands at present nnd in tho meantime a. vast amount of work all- round remains untouched or unfinished, to the great inconvenience of contractors and private individuals for whom the work was to be done. Tlio Good Templars are taking early action towards i>roinoting tlio subject of local option immediately. Parliament meets. It is said that as a fact there is a greater number of supporters of local option in this Parliament than in any previous one. The Good Temixdars are by circular nnd personal interviews endeavoring to induce such 'members as are in . favor of local option to lay aside other considerations when tbis question arises anil vote in a solid body for the principle of giving residents in a locality control over the number of publichouses in tho neighborhood. The templars, in fact, urge the formation of a " temperance party " in the As sembly, such as exists in a more or less marked degreo in the House of Commons. The xiresent teetotal loader in tho New South "Wales As sembly is Mr. A. Hutchison, a former resident of Melbourne. There is ample scope for tem perance work in this city. There is a much lar ger percentage of decidedly " low " publichouses here than Melbourne, and there- is no supervision whatever over tho quality of the liquor sold, as in Victoria. Tho new "temperance party," if it is formed, may reckon iqion a large measure of support both insido and outside the House, if it only bo pru dent and moderate. " ' Mr. Charles AVarner shortly concludes his season at the Theatre Royal. To-morrow night ho appears as Badger in tho Streets of London for tho last time, and on Saturday evening Drink will bo revived. Mr. Philip Bock's Madamo Midas is being played at Her Majesty's Theatre, and S. Grundy's Glass of Fashion at the Criterion. Pain's Last Days of Pompeii is still drawing largo audiences to Phillip Park four nights a week. 