. ULVERSTONE SPRING SHOW. The tenth spring nliow under the aespice of tlie Ulvoritono Farmers' Club was held In the club's varde, Ulverstone, on -Tliui'silav, when, owing to th heavy rtin in the. m»rning, which began a' wit 7 o'clock, aad ktp; up cnntiauoiisly until about mid-day, lml li sxbibi's and attend ance .vers less than tlioy would liavs liton ottder the more favorable circumstances of a fine day. Ths show grounds am ven pvsttilv situated within tbs boundary of the town, but juat A littls away from the hiteinris part, and from His yards a pleasant view of Maes Straits can lis obtained, while those visiting the show, can, in a entile of minute-, reach a fine an ly ace beach on which s walk ia delightful. Tlie grounds and yard them selves were in much the nine erder us lest year aa regard-id the cltzrisg elf of the ioga, timber, 4c, end were fairly dry, considering tlie heavy rain, though in pincoo, owing to the traffic, tliey were con siderably cut up. - Tlie aide sliowa were more numerous than last year, tilers being several " apianera," lucky bags, and fruit stalls! also a oaunr.t, while boat King, of Clarke's tlotei, lml a rtfri-simiint atailund tetnpratu-e beivlq un I Adam May, of lhe Albion Hotel, ran tha publican's ami re freehmeut booth", and hn aim provided an excellent collation for the judges, stowzrdi, members of . the prcts, and titlisr. A boxing . saloon, in which -nemo mutual pmvmelling took place at intervale, to lit" amsiemetit of taiuv, wa ulto on Hie ground, while tlie Ulverstone Rifle Band greatly enlirsnt-l the day's -proceedings with their tusly selections of made. The atteedaoi-e, notwithstanding the extremely unfavorable morning, iiicroaas 1 with the afternoon' sunshine, >ud at una time must have reichad nearly four figures, ail the Ceait settlsinouta being well represented. Aa compared with previous years tin Fiitrioa showed a de cided iucreaas, proving Hist tliess ex hibition! are not dying out in popular favor, Imt the reverec. The secretary, Mi lt. S. Taylor, and tlie managing com mitter, Messrs T.Shaw (president), J. II. Frampton (vice-president), W. N. McDon ald, W. Cox, J. Eagle, R. Phillips, D McLaren, sen, F. Lvncli, C. N. Fogg, C. Pearl, Gen. Lewis, W. T. Hingeton, 11. G. IC. Welle, F. G. Frampton, It. Crawford, S. Mason, Pickett, and P. Naylor worked witli a will to make tlia show a success, and certainly their efforts ars werllty of ths highest praise ; while the. judges must have given almost universal satisfaction, aa ws heard of Imt ena complaint during tha whole af tha day. Ths swarding of tlia nrizss, however, wae a little later than it sliould have been, liut this was un avoidable owing to tbs late arrival casae.l by tlie rain. During the morning Mr Charlea Usurps, of Latrobe, received a natty kick in tlie baek from ths cart stallion Young King, which would pro bably have bsun worse had not Mr Usurps been too class to ths horse at the tiuia to get ths full fores of lbs blow. At night, the scene in the township was of ths busiest, ami in addition to the clear moon light night, there were many attrasiinns to hire people from their homes. Chief among these latter waa Hie performance of Gilbert 4 Sullivan's chef d' co- ivre, "Pina fore" (which it elsewhere noticed), at the Town Had, and at tlie O-idfoiLwi' Mall a dance was kept up-untilan early hour nn the following morning .by a geailly number, and tlie extravagant doing of tha Salvation Army attractal many to tlie barrack. . Cuming tn the show proper, the first class met witli was that for neat cattle. Tlie number of entrios for Durham was eighteen, most of which, however, failed to make an appearance, while several animals shown' wero of vary pom- quality.' For tlio host bo'l, Crawford Bros, of Ito.l- hnurne, had a walk over with Funiiitr, an aristouratinully brad animal, not over big, Imt showing good quality and sliap". Mr R. Phillips, of Diversions, also li.il n walk-over with a very well-grown bull namod ltoderiok, who, by bis proportions, slum 1 1 have a pedigree at his bask. Mr li, Pickett scored a win from tines ntlisis fur the leit yearling bull witli a yoangn-.tr that it deserving of mnre cart than (its, apparently, been bestowed on him in tlie fuet, whi'e CrawtarU Bros strnred second lonore with' a nicely Developing eluppie, by Fusilier, out of a cow from tlie well- known herds of Mr M. W. Loans, of Nortlnlown. The Durham cows shewn did not striko as ai possessing any great point of beauty, and in no cuss, were aa good-aa some ws liavo seen this year. Tlie best liawe ver was Messrs Crawford Bros' exhibit, and alt is a real good farm animal. The yearling heifers were only' niodorate, taken as a whole, though th exhibit of Mr A. D. Pickett, which won first lienors, allowed good size and symmetry. - Only fire entries were re ceived for Horn ford a, that fin bread of cattia net being tilt fevered on in the neighborhood. Meesre C. 4 J. Fogg'a exhibits of yearling hall and heifer each had a walk-over, and eacli wse do»med worthy by ths judges, as ware th single exhibit of csw, sow- 3,Vrs old, anil heifer 2yrs old, which wore shown by Mr Tf . T. Hingeton. Devana were also much ne glected, though tlie 3yr-nld bull ehewn by Mr R. Phillips, of Ulverst-ins, was a com pact, hardy looking littla fellow. Tlio. prizes for cow 4yri old and upwards, cow 3yrs old, and fer yearling lisiftr, wore taken by Mr ,W. T. Hingatnn, with Hires apparently well bred and wall ahaps-l, though not ovar big, aaiinals. Two fine "Ayraltire hulls were shown liy Mr F. Lynch, of tlie Gawlor, and Mr S. Mason, of the tarns neighborhood, and though tho former won tlio prize, th lattsr had many admirer", and was a really fins lisast, of good color.; -h alia poBstesss a fin head, nack,' and quarter, and |>osaosies good breading; Iwing practically imported, " lis was calvsd on th Quaraatins Ground, Launreaton. Tin same owner took firt honor for Ayrshire cow. There was kasu competition for the prize for the milch cow, till soma splendid milkers were shown, a well made new with a good show of milk, and exhibited by Mr It. Phillip, securiag the coveted honors. Mr M. Daniels was a clois seoond and Mr Thomas Shaw a good third. The fatter 'gentleman also had far exhibition a' h'irnleee straw berry enw, 20yrs old, and which has bson in full milk seven yra-e, nut having had a calf during that period. This cow was a centre of attraction to many owing to licr remarkabl career, an 1 she-carries her ago well, and has a good show of milk nuw. Another ' strange fact in connection with Iter ia that at given periods Iter milk comes on just as if sha hail lately calvsd. This record of seven years in full milk without a break would bsliard to beat, anil -such i cow would lie a amali fortune to a poor man witii an acre or two of land in or near a town. ; We next cetue to tke working bullock, in which elate Hire large, even, and tract-ihle teams such as make the palipg and' hlaekwoo.l carters -envy; the owners, competed, ..and after some -time spent in testing 1hoir tructabilitv, looking : for faults, 4c, the fin team exhibited by Mr W. Tylie, of North Mutton, were placed first, Messrs A. 4 F. Tm'.;s, of tlm aims aittlcim-nt, gaining second honor", and Mr C. F. Plupp, of Panoio. with his Here ford t.-sni. being d«ignted " very close up." We nsit coin to the draught horse, in which tlie show wis cart, inly notwlnt it should have liesn, th«- entries being fw. and in somo cases inferior iu quality. Fur th champion prizs for stallio'n, 4rrs and upward", Mr Alfred II»rpi. of Latrobe, was placed first with his wsil-inade stallion Young King, by Sir lVttr His Grsib out of Diriing (imp). Hit onlv opponent was Warrior, a lOyr old, by Peter lbs Gr»"t, dam by Baron af Civile" (:mp), en I 111 propertv of 111' It. II. Tlaszlswoud, of Glsnor. Fur til hs>t hriuid mars, 4-ra and upwards. Mr W. McD-inaiil. a local man, lnwersd the Unlnrs of Ilia two uiipoaents, while Mr Jams Jons, oF His Penguin, dss.rre llv won ths prize for the bast 3yr old filly. Darling, by Warrior, dam, Lincoln, and shown Uy' Mr Goo". Lewis, of Usstrs, gaining second lienors. Mr S. Msean wmi th priza for tlio lust 2vr old filly, and Mr W. M. Donald that for the best ytarling Mr T. P. (Jowl, of Kiiiilro l, gained first honors for the boit yearling colt with a nicely developed voungitsr, by Young King, out of a "good ill > ra, ami this vmingstsr having go-id limbs, ought to iilimnm out into a good liorsa if looked aftar. For Hie Imt glding, any «g», tli« trey shown by Mr A. Gardinvr, of lbs Forih, Imat all 'competitors, a lis did U«t yesr, Snne real good moful pairs of farm liorass wero shown, an I til prizs fell to a pair of grey mare, Btnssim anil Flowsr, sash fiyri old. liy Sir Colin, which were really worthy of special mention for size and gansrai appearance, Mr Jsmus Frampton's pair of hays Hut cam second wore alto very good. For light harass and hunters, which cams next in ths cata logue, tlie sntrie wtro goad, an i in soma cassi numerous, with very closu fighting for firat honors. For Hie champion prize for iiest.hloo-1 stallion, this csiiio to ihs frent, and after a little ci'iaidoratinii nn tho part of tha judges, III Penguin chestnut, Monattoh, by Kt Alhsus, out of Impudence, by Petrr Wilkina, was prn- nnuncsil Al. Ths winner is a neat, wiry chastnut, with many good points to re- command him, ami should ha a good animal as a sire. The Lalrobs reprssnn tative, Young Rapidity, gained seconl honors. This horse is 7yra old, and ia by Old Rapidity, is a dark rich brown linrse, witli black paints, ami stand 10 Inn. Is high, witli claaa legs and goml quarter. Ha wa bred bv the late Hsnry Reed, Esq, of Wsiloy Dale, while hi sirs, Old Rapidity, was by Tim Wh.illor, and was sold by tlie late W. Brown, Esq, for nearly £2003.- The unplaced Caatra- ownail horse, Desperado, by Vagahoad, by Fireworks, dam Sotspray, however, was nur fancy of His (lira as i horse for the iinprsveniant of general farm stock, and for getting good carriage horsoe, 4c, being a very powerful, liiuhy fellow, standing 17 hands high. Ho hat also (l.uie fairly well on tho turf in Victoria and N«w South Waist, tad traces of which, in tlio war of puffed lege, remain aa legacies of hie pail career. For the heat blood stallion, 2yre old, -only ana ynmigater turned up, and that the idack colt Welcnni-, hy Wslcnma Jack, out of Dorcas, by Gniido- litr. This juvenile shows p!«nty of reach, ia activ, ami should lis shlo in do a hit of quick moving in tlie future. Mr i'lanp, of of th Penguin, sliowel a hiu-lsoiiio thorouglilire I c dt, which heat- Hie local exhibit, a colt by Kit Nubble. Tivv blood brood mares came forward. Neither showed iiiperior quality, and tlia winner proved tn ha a black ware, oyrs old, by Stranger, with a nice growing colt at font by Marmion, tlie prope.-iy of F. Grangor, of the Kindred. This niare, although not likely to throw a racer, should vet prove His dam of a gonil useful farm stamp, inch au aiwiys command a market for harness work. Three were shown for the prize for blued mare, 3rr an I upwards, and tho judges had no -difficulty in awarding the prize to Mia Ilia (who, by the way, made her d«out on iheTasmaiiiaii turf at the recent Launcethm Spring Meeting, when, ths ' appropriated Ills Flying Stake's), a slashing bav mare, Gyre old; by Til Druuiiusr, out of Parachute, by Kingston, from' Yarrovillo, by Whale bone, from Induitry, hy St John, from Crazy Jau. This'mare attracted a good lot of attention, and when atrippsd iooke I very . active, with pl-mtr of life and action, and iu her Mr Wall lua certainly got a nice animal. A clioe-imt mart, The Moth, shown tiy Mr D. McLaren, sen, of. Castra, was placed aacnnd, though she was vary much on the small aids. Mr T, P. G'owlc's exhibit, a 4yr old, by Lnitrini, -lam by (Jatlieratons, allowed plenty of strength and hone, ami should prove a good tarriagn mars. For tlie beet filly, 2yra old, only three not of liv entries turned up, and these ware, with the exception of the winnor (a brown, by 'Lcitriui), only tnolincro in quality. Tho yearling filly prize was appropriated hy a weli-carad for little chastnut, Hit progenc of Kit Nubbles, eut of Dorcas, by.Paddy'i Land.' A big mutter of heavy-weight hiuki puzzled the judges fur some time, hut after the various " heroes " had hesn put through tlie walk, trot, and canter, ami undergone I clue crntinr, thu finc up- tanding grey gelding Forester, tlie pro perty of. Mr. Jnlm Addison, of Sulphur Creek, waa placod first, and a chestnut, Gleocos, the property nf Mr W. McDsnsid, of Uivei-.tonc, eocoinl, a strongly and com- puci ly-buiit black mare, almwii hy Mr D. McLaren, of Caatra, gaining a v.h;c. Nearly euffieitnt light hack cams fur- ward to mount a cavalry regiment, and eortainly they were a useful lot of their kind. During tho preliminary walk r ntn I a bay horse. Wouro.ldy, liy CasHc Hill, nut nf a Pater Wilkint mere, the property ef Crawford Bros, received a nzaty kick on the ihoulder, which prevented him going through his paste, aud therefore threw him out of .til event. . This horse has im proved a lot aiiics lis appeared at Long-, ford Show nine time since. After ths others had done a trot, cintsr, dec, tlie woll-knnwn local mare. Lady Bell, was proclaimed first, with Walls'1 Prince Alberta bay gelding, 3yre-old, hy Albert, dam Minnie, by Peter Wilkina, eetnml, a' fins upstanding tuara, rejoicing in tha name of Actress, being swarded a li.c. Fur tlie pour stallion only one oxhihit, viz, Com modore Nut, came into the ring, Imt this liandiomu , little fellow, who heat every thing at Latrobe easily, was dsservu Hy deemed worthy of the prizs by I lie ja lgei. The only other pony prexunt'was a J'on- guinite, Nero, who gained the honors in tlie clas-t for mar or geiiliug. For Hie prize for the hunter up to Diet, seven faced the jumps, which were tho highest' and stiffest we have soon at a nliow this jYsar, being Aft, and simply unbreakable. The firut to face the jumps was Crawford Broi'groy marc, hy Lord Cleveland, ami aho got over with a cuupl of tips. ' Htazlewood's wall-known chestnut, Special Reserve, followed, aud going at a good pace kopt a oloau . ruo.n-d. James Braiaich's Bella, ably riddan by ths owner, followed, and took hotii jumps cleverly While going at a ten-ill# rate. Ths Latrobe winner. Sulphur Oretk, next csiayod ths task, but tipptd the second. McD maid's Glencoe, s'eered hy Ills owner, cleared both nicely, whi'e the Saaaefras linrss, Sir Garnet, rapped tke first obstacle. The last tn come wai the Dimnrlan nag, Gil- lisrt'e 'Varri'ir, rhl l»n hy hi" nvrri-,--, and he made two clasn and clever j.miji". In the next rmin l th# grev msre eleare I limb neatly, 8 eeclsl Reserve j-ist rapp-j-l hn'.li, hut very lightly. ILIIa cleared both in iplcndi I style. Sulphur Crenk jo«t ripped Iwtli, Glcucoe tipprd the first, imt made lino jump at tho soenn 1 obstacle, and Sir Garnet gut over both in good style, while Warrior lightly rapped tho seu-m I. Intli third r uin. I Hit- Cleveland maretipps I both lightly, Spe ial lt--aurvo tippsil ths second jump, wnile Brlla kept her unhroken rocot-J ; Sulphur Cre>k also got over cleverly, hut Sir Garnet, Glrncnc, and Warrio- oaeli liglitlv rapped oni obdacie, negotiating the othor liglit'y. B--lla was thru proclaimed lite winner, while Special Reserve,- Glsutn.e, and Warrior were lent, for second honors. The latter clrarorl both in goo I stylo an I at a quick pace, tlia other two tipping one obstacle, anil Warrior was landed No. 2, the mhtrs each grilling a li.c. Considering the big femecu and th heavy atata of the ground, the jumping in the ahnru clnee was splendid, while that which followed iu ths clasi for light weight will compare favorably with any eh >w ia the Colony tills y-ar. . For t iiia clais eix came tn tlio front, nn I the first to try conclusions with the timber wn Craw ford Bros' Tipinan, whs rapped th second jump. A. II -nzlo wood's Spriu.'us (well- known in tlio past as Kangaroe), Hough not possessing beauty, proved liiin-ieif a .winder at jumping by ths way lie followed. Lily Bull cam next with a touch at the iirat hurdle, wliilo ths Northduwii mare Huntress cleared both in grand slyle, with plaiitr of |iac on. The Penguin mar.-, Oui la, tollowed, clearing hotli cleverly at a eoiiiewliit slow pace, while Mason's ulk liorie Darkie, by Billy Bell, baulked at Hit list hurdle twice, when a fresh rider mniints I, and he got evor witli a tip, clearin; tho secund bataclo with a grand" jump. In the second round Topman struck both, while Springns cleared both grand I r, ami Lady Hell lightly wrapped tlio lir.t, ns did Heutress, hy slipping nn the now milch cut up gr«iin-l. Oui-.ia again cleared both wliilo going at a moderate pacs, and Darkie again cleared the obstacles ia line form. Ill the final roan- 1 every horn cleared the uiistaclea in really clever st\ Is, a wonderful performance considering that tho fences wero high and the ground badly cut up. Springot and Ouida were now deemed oqunl and were put for victory, when the fnriiioi keeping up hie clean record aud th lattsr rapping nnu pretty strongly, the former was declared tin winner,' wi:li Ouida second. Somo nino entries were received for ths prizu for the beet trotter, end very nice lot tliey ware, tliungli there wae not mocli cliasce of show.ng their eapshllitit-s in the limited spaeo at their coiumand. Uo-.vevin-, tin ji dges ili.i their best lo test the nags, uiul finally .awards,! the firat honors to Actress, a vary quick, active mare allium by Mr A. D. I'ick.tt, .if the Gawler, while the Furm ,y clnstout, Saltan, wxs placed >scou-.i, ami (Jrawt'ord Urna' Linda grins-! a li.c. For the lim it exhibited i i lura<tt, the wc!l-kn„wii'hhtck liorae Salopin by Hilly Boil, thu property of llv U. K. Shsart; .of -Foruihy, heat the oilier competitors, while Mr K. Dhiiiipe' grey mare Nolly, who!# travelling capi- hilitio" am wuil-known on . thu Coast, gained second honor. Mr A. Heszlcwond, of Nurth Mutton, giinsd the special prize for best fo il at font by Sta' inner, with a hardy-looking little chip elf tlio oi l hlo-k. Aj niiglit lis expected ill u lion wo, 1 pro- ilncing ncigliliorli-iiid, Hie exhitn'riou ol' sheep wia weak numerically, Loiccstsre hsing oiitiraly neglected. The principal winner wet Mr II. H. Oppenluiiii, of 1,5- trolie, whose Hooka are well-known. In Liir-olne, for rim any age, for pair of y<sr,ing ewes, ami for pair of own any axe, Mr Oppeiiheim won hands do-.vn. Ilia two pair of ewsa which took tlio prizos wars of tlie finest quality, and hardly to bt beaten in tlie Colony. In both- the allure tlassvs, Mr James II. Frampton, a local man, aliowe-.l excellent animals, which, however, had not' a ghost of a nliow against tlia visitor's exhibits, though tliey are' cer tainly deserving of a lot more care aud attention than lias liaen bestowel on them in the past. Mr Ilenry Williams, nf th Gawler, ' showed a well-grown, large- fratnid yearling, which, however, lacked quality of fleece, Imt is ncvsrtlislsts worthy nf a little care and attention. In Soutlidnwns, Mr Oppenliuiin was the only exhibitor, taking three prize, Ilia pair of four- tnntli awes in particular being well- develops I and grandly-propoiTioned alieop, while all had iioen well attended to by their careful qwner. The show ef fat. stock waa disappointing to a dsgrco, con sidering tlie fine surrounding districts and tlis splendid season for feed, hut the reason mast lis that farmers are ofmpiiiion that fattening for show docs not fid the pocket. Of ths fat cattle shown, the only ones poiiesting any merit were the prize fat ox, a black beast shown hy Mr Shaw, and the two pair of fit steers showa by Messrs A. & F. Tonga, of Noith M -Itou, an I S. Maeon, of Ulvuret me, unpectively. A3 lliees animals wore very prime youngster, imt not on tlie large side. Swine were represented - by two solitary speeiissan, and of tlieis the one was a regular limg-no.-el rooter, probably a goo I animal for farm pnrpaaas, but nut up to ebuw style. Tits nllur was a fino little fire months old Berkshire, lately imported by Mr G. D. McDonald, of Ulveratono. and which liad a continual knot of admirsi-a throughout tlis'day. This pig wet bought at Tuorak (Vic) lately, an- 1 Ids sire wit bred hy Hart Bro. of Uesfacrs c»t«to, S.A., while lioth grandeira and grand dam WOI-S bred hy. Ill Hon. J. II. Angus,' uf the latter colony. His gratiJjirr, we may mention, was sold for £150. Therefor at a glance it will hu eucn what anucquieitiou te tlie district") Iu animal will lie. Ws are also informs I that Mr McDonald intsnds to import a pedigreed sow, to mat witli the above,' from the beet blood in Australia. Iu the -macliintiy classes, tke reapers and hindvrs as ueiial attract,! the lion's > li ire uf attention. Special interest was taken in tlu Hh-nshy. binder, exhibited hv A. G. Webstor 4 Sin, of ilohari, wiiisli was awardsd first prize. Allliongli an old favorite in tlia open districts, it iia I not lireriouily hsen exhibited at tilt Luvsn- Tlie aprcisl points claiiiiesil for til inauhinu is Kfeat strength and durability, and sim plicity of working parts ; the knotter being ons of ths most simple, and -only having some ten piccoi, as against forty in same makes. Tho Horusby ia .also one of tha tightest in draught; th one exhibited haing well within tlio capacity of "two ordinary farm hqress. Itis woriliyofnoteHi.it in field trial, which aftoi all aro tlie true tests of a bindor's merits,- tlu v,.rdiut of tlia Leven judges was fully Buatained, us til# llornsby, so ws are iul'nriiie-1, Ins woo - .overy field trial iu Viotoria tliia suauon, apil 1.as nnly be.n defeated nnco in iZ I during the present lierroet, sivl even then I it ssonred arc®nl prize. The Dear hn- I machine, which wae place t next, nl-o I ,o I ita admirers, nn-l pn.eeas.-i-, „ivtv points of I advantage tn i recommend it, as do aire th, I Mareay and M -Cnrm'ck macliin«a, mnh I which were sl.o-rn on the -,;rnii-i-|. Im„i' I incnta wn-e fairiv wo'l repr.",-nti.-| ill" I chief vxliihitnr Iwing Mr Levi Tit-mi'e of I Uivcreto-w, who took first prize ' f„,. I d..uol»-f,irrow plong'i, iron pln-rsr'i I wo-i- uii phiiigli, set -r m harrow, nn!| |lo;.' ' | Inc. all hit pxhiiiDs having apnarrn'lv hnrn I got. iii. Willi great cars and rcqar lli-n oC I cost. Mr Jams II. Frampton exhibited I iet of ntimip-jmnping 'narrow.", which wer, I the only omu present, and wors dosin- | I worthy. tn v.hi-l-a the nntrioe ' were I only uiohw.tc, hut ail diT not turn un I tli'U" enti-re I hv Mr 0. A. Nichols nf I H.ibart, not being brought out of th, town 1 eli'l', "wing lo Hit rain. Mr Maeon showed I a line larm wagon, Imilt by R. j0, I which hones !v wen Hvi award, with the I one ma, la by Mr W. Rioliarihon, of Ulvor- 1 atone, second. Mr Levi Titniui showed I linn - litres and bullock drave. which I attracted much n'tentinn, as did' Ihe buogy I an.l chain cart shown by Mo«ar« 0. ft p Naylor, or the Inert carriage works, wlisss I exhibits would liavo taken a lot of heatin®-. I Two eollvctions nf barns, and sadillorv I wrro shown bv Mesar Clnrle, pMr Leven, ami A. II. Brigca, of P'nrinbv, and' tha former was udjudged the avinncr Tliore was extra keen enmpeiition for 'tha shoeing prize, and tils jn-lge had to call in a referee before deciding, when linnnra were pretty evenly dividod between Ilia local an-l G.nwlcr repreecntativee. Ameng i ho extras for exhibition only, Mr Jelin Mcllugli, of ths local firm of Mcllugli ft l'ardoo, exliildtcl a potter's mill, eh,) giving an exhibition of tho way in which the pottery work' it done in all its branches. This exhibition was watched witli great inters! by .many, an I was certainly most instructive. In connection with tlia above there . wai . shown a fine coiieelian of jugs, jar, buttles, llowsr pots, vasci, fto, of various shspos ami size, which in many cases showed artistic design and wnrkiuanrhip. A v.li.c. wee awarded this exhibition by the judge-,' Messrs A. llarrap ft Sons, of Liimccstnn, also itxhiiiitsil a Cariyle iron win-huill at work, whish "attracted attention. Tha mill, which i3 apparently powerful and durable, is from tlio inaniifactuo.-y of Meesre Booth, McDonald, ft Co., of "Now Hoaland, and is certainly a useful adjunct on any farm- during the summer lime. Tito Siager Hewing Machine Cmmianv had a goo.l display, and M-sara 0, ft L'. Navlor exhibited an niifinishi-il pagnsl, wl'iich showed tlie strength and quality af tin material ami -workmanship. Tin following is the PRIZE LIST.' Ci.vs A.-— Xkat Oattlh. Judges : Moiare J. Russell, Kindred, and A. nud T. Lillic-o, Don ; assistant-steward, F. Lynth. Duuiiams.— Bull, 4yr« nn-l upwards— Crawford Bros, Ho.lbonrnc, Fusilier, 1. Boll, 2y.-s old — Robert Phillips, Leven, iio lorick, 1. Yearling bull — A. D. Pickett, 1 l.i'.v h-r, I; Oraw for 1 Bros, by Fusilier, lam lirsd by M. \V. Loans, c. Cow, dyrs oi l sod upwards — Crawford Bros, 1 ; A. D. Pickett, e. Durham cow, 3yrs old— Ilenry Williann, Gawler, 1, Y-si-ling heifer — A. D. Pickett, t ; Crawford Bros, c. 1 1 Kll Kt'O". t i . — Yra'-iing bull: — 0. ft Ji F-igg, Ga v'er, t. Cow, dvra and upwnrdii — w. 'r.-iilne«ii"i,-<vaw!er)— ne«iit,-,--riia - old, 1, O iw, Svri "d-l — ',V. T. Ilingston, Lily, 1. Heifer, 2yra ul.l— W. T.- Hing eton, 1. Yearling heifer — C. ft J. Fogg, 1. Dkvoxs.— 3,vr old hull. R. ' Phillips, Ulvcratonn. 1. Caw, dvis uld and upwariia — VV. T. Iliogiton, I'nniy,- tOyre eld, 1; M . Bauh-h, Forth, c. (low,- 3vrs old — W. Hi i-et-m, Minnie, 1. Yearling heifor, W. T. ilin-;stnn, I. Atiibiiiuks. — Hull— Frank Lynch, Qaw- I ----, 1 ; S. Masun, Leven, u. Cow— 3, Mason, 1. \- DllUV C'OW.1 and WonKtNO Builocks.— Milch esw (in milk), any age — Rohort Phillips, 1 ; M. Baulcli, 2 ; Tlipuias 8liaw, Castra mad, 3. Team six bullocks, in yoke — W. T'ighe, North Motion, 1 ; A. & F. Tongs, North Mutton, 2. Ct.ifH B.— Draouut -Houses... Judges : Mtesre Turnhit 1 an-l II. Ohlakcr ; aieistant-stewsrd, A. D. Pickott. Stallion; 4yre old. and upwards— Alfred Hear'pe, l.atrohe. Yeang King,- by Sir Petsr tlie Great, dam Darling (imp), 1 ; E. H. Hoazlawno-1, Gionorn, Warrior, lOyra ol i,, liy Poter ths Great (imp), dam- by Baron of Clyde (imp), 2. Brood mare, 4 yra.ohl and upwards — William McDonald, Leven, 1 ; S. .Mason, 2. 3yr old" flllv — James Jnneaj Penguin, 1 ; George- Lewis, Castra, Darling, bv Warrior, dam Lincoln, 2\. 2ir old filly— S. Mason, 1 ; T. P. Cowle, Kindred, by Crewn Prince (imp), dam liv C-ir.a Lynns — Hero, 2. Yearling filly — Wiliisiu 'McDonald, 1 ; — Birob, Ca.rira, by Young King 2. Yearling colt — T. P. Cowle, bv Young King, I. Golding, any '.ago— A. Gardiner, Forth, 1 A. D. Pickett, 2. Pair draught horaos, eithtr -ox — Georgp Lewis, Bloesiuu and Flower, 5yra, by Sir Colin, dam Lincoln, 1 ; James Framplnn, pair Inu-asa, 2 ; James Jmios, c. Best foal at foot — 8. Mason, 1. Spirial prizs liy.llr A. Hexrpe, fer best yearling cult or filly bv. Young King — T. P. Cowls, colt, t ; — Birch, luy lilly, 2. Cr.ass .C.— Lumr Houses. " Judges : Moesre F. Hiihoiham anil Thomas .MiiKeona ; aaeistatit-stswai'd,' William' . McDonald. i - Blool Stallion— 0. F. Plapp, Penguin, Monarch,! ; C. Maddux, Latruiic, Young' Rapidity. 7) rs, hy Old Rapidity, 2. Blood stallion,' 2yrs old— II, G. K. Wells, Ulver- atone, black colt, W elcoms, by Wolcotiu Jack, dam Duress, by Gondojior, ' from Dorae, bv Siniiggler, 1,' Yearling- thorough bred coit — 0. F. Plapp, Yeolnnd, 1 ; William McDonald, Cult by Kit Nubbisi, 2\. Blood h.-nod mure — Francis Grainger, - Lure n", 1 ; A. Ileaztuivoud, North Motion' 2\. Blood mitre, 3rrt and upward — II. G. K. Welle, Mimiia," bay marc, 0yr«, by 'l'lio Drnmmer, dam l'araclmte, by Kingstone, from Yitrroville, by Whalebone, "from In-, dustry, by St John; freiu Crazy Jans, 1 1). McLaren, -sen, Caatra, Tlie' Motli.-aged 2\. Filly, 2yra — F. Lvncli, 1. Yea'riisg filly— II. G. K. Welle", chestnut Jqlly by Kit - Nublile-",_ dam Dorcas, hy Paddy's Lsml.'ftu, 1. ., Wright- carrying luck, -any .age— -John Addison, Sulphur Creek, Forester, 1 ; W. McDonald, 2 ;D. McLaren, Inc. " Light hack, any age— W. liichard- hiiii, Levsn, Ludy Belle, 1 ; II. G. K. Wells, Prince All-ort, hay gelding, 3yr, Uy Albert, dais Minnie, by Petsr Wilkin, front Winn, by Jersey, from Farmer's Daughter, ftc, 2 ; A. Dl Pickett, Actress, mare, Inc. Pony stallion — Messrs D. Juifsry ft Co., Dun, Coiuinodore'Niit, 1. Heat pony, nv bruod, mare or gelding, under 14 hands — O. FI. Plapp, Nero, 1: Trotter — A. D. Pickett, Actrosa, 1 ; H- W. C.il.ler, Foruihy, Sultan, chestnut gslding, 7yr.e, 2 ; Crawford Bro.e, Linda, ti.c. Har- nesa horse, exiiibitod" in (larneee — C. K. Shuar.l, Foi'iuhv. black horse, 3!npin, 7 .vie, by. Billy— liulle, -1 ;' Robert Phillip". La veil, grey lusru Nolly, v.li.c, -Speoi.il „ prize, given by-Mr II. G. K. Well, for ' Twiit foal at foot hy Stationer — A. Henzle- 'wcod, 1 ; C. A J. J. Fogg, c. JtlMTONO. Jadrea : Mnra« Wahb-r, rohethim, and If. G. K. Woile. TTunter. tn carry 12«t — Jam»s rt"«in:"h. T.atrobn. tnare B-lla (Hniniich), 1 ; ,W. flilliert a bh ' Warrior (owner), 2- llnn'cr, to enrrv lOat — A. ILazlewnnd'a hg, Springi n aged iMcGbide), 1 ; Jo'in AdiliamTs I.Ik nisrn. Dudi", 4vr» (Tomplar). 2 ; Jurace Bramich'e Huntress, by Moniaoire, h.c. Ci.aur 1).— Knurr. Jitdgne : Meenra O. Nichols, R. Gthaun, and U. Lillico ; aaaiatant-atcwarii, G. Lewie. Livmt.na. — Ram, any aea — B. E. Opp»n- ltaitn. Saaaafraa, 4-tnoth, 1. Yearling ram — Hnnrv Williama, Gawler, 1. I'.air cwi-a. . any age— B. H. Drip-nlieim, 4-tnnth, 1 ; J lines Framptnn, 2. Pair Yearling woe —B. S. Oppenltoim, 2-tonth, 1 ; Jamee Frarnptnn, 2. SotiTirnmvss.— Ram, any ago— B. S. 0ppeiiheim.4-to.-th. 1. Yearling ram — B. fl. Oppcnhcim, 2 tooth, 1. Pair cows, any age — B. S. tlppvnheim. Cr.au-: R. — Fat Stock. Juilgna : Mceo'n W. Thmnpenn and J. Stones ; nerietan'-eteward, R. Phillip;. Fat ox, any age — Thomna Sltaav, Ca.i r-a Rnail, 1 j A; D. i'ickett. e. Pen of (2) fat ataera, 4v.a and undnr — A. A F. T'ntu;., 1 ; 8\. Miami, c. Fnt cow — A. D. Pickett, noi worthy. (t..W F.— Swinc. Jifogea : "Means G. Nichola, R. Grhs r, and ii. Liilica; assistant atoward, (. i.owis. Boar, any hraod — :R. D. McDonald, 1. Ct.Afs G.— Maciiikrhv. Judges : Messrs It. Kcntt end R. W. McKenzie ; assistent- ateward,D, McLaren, aen. Header and Mower — Edward French, Weatbnry, 1 : 0. Ferguson, l.aunceston, 2. '' Reaper nnd hinder— A. G. Webster & Son, liiilmrt, Hornahy, .1 ; A. Ilarrap Hon, Liiiihcaatnn, Deering, 2. Class H. — Implxhents. Donhle-furrow plough — Levi Titioua, Ulveratdne, -!. Iron plough — Lovi Til mils, 1\. Wooden plough — Levi Titmus, 1 r.nd c. Sat iron harrows — Levi Titmus, 1 ; ''William Richardson, Ulvarstnne, c. Stump jumping harrows— James Frampton, 1. " llorae line — Lovi Titmus, 1. Class 1.— Vkiiiclks, KAnnLBRY, Attn Shoving. ,, Judges : Menus llalliday (Woatlniry), J. Macrow, nnd M. Baulch ; aasiatant- atew'ard, A. McCullnck. Wagon -S'. Mason, 1 ; William Riohard- nn.' ti. liorae Hrnv — Levi Titmus, 1. '.Bullock 'dra v — Levi Titmus, 1. linggy or .wagonette— C, A P. Naylor, Ulvsr-tons, buggy, 1. Chaise cart — C. A P. Naylor,' 1\. Cnllectinn of harness and sad derv — Charles I'varl, Ulvere'one, 1. B"et sliod cart linrae — Fdward Freecli, Gawler, 1 ; William Richardson, 2. Best slind hack —William Ricliardaon,' 1 ; Levi Titiiins, 2. "Kxtbab foii Exhibition Only. Mcllugli A Psrdoe, pottery mill, v.h.c. 