LONDON TABLE TALK. [From our Special OorresDondent.l London. July 12, 1889. At the Crystal Palace on Saturday the Shah was attracted by some trees of hot house peaches on which the fruit lay tempting In color but deadly In unripe ness. After fingering several his Majesty picked one, and was on the point of con suming It when the Prince of Wales noticed his operations. In an instant an expression of the liveliest concern flitted o'er H.R.H..'s features, and turning to the nearest interpreter he said — ' HI ! Stop him eating that, it will make him (and here his hand strayed to the portion of the person likely to be afflicted) dreadfully ill. I have suffered ao myself.' The Interpreter Interpreted and tiie Shah did not eat, otherwise there might have been a change In the pro gramme due to that democratic complaint the colic, which doubles np alike the just and the unjust, and corrugates with equal freedom the Imperial intestines of the monarch and the alimentary canal of a navvy. It Is a solemn fact that the Shah created a sensation amongst the Royal circle on the night of the private performance at the Empire by signalling Prince Albert Victor, and asking him audibly In his bad French whether the ladies on the stage — some 300 ballet girls— were his host's (Sir Albert Sassoon's) harem. At Lord Cadogan'athe previous evening, too, dismay was created 15 minutea before dinner by the arrival of an equerry from Buckingham Palace, with a message to the effect that the Shah was tired of seeing the same great ladies' faces at the various functions In his honor, and would be obliged by Lady Cadogan providing a fresh lot for the coming meal. This was taken to mean that hia Majesty found continual association with the Princess and her daughters rather . a bora. Fortunately, they were not dining at Chelsea House that evening, and sitting between the stately Countess of Cadogan and the beautiful Duchess of Portland the 'Centre of the Universe ' was happy. There are all sorts of tales afloat about the Shah's conversations with our nota bilities. It is said, for example, he puzzled Lord Wolseley by asking him seriously what his policy In the Soudan was, and took a rise out of Mr. Balfonr by effecting to believe him an enthusiastic lrlBh Borne Baler. Pre sented to one - of the Governoxs ol oar . : colonial dependencies he embarrassed the ? poor man 1jy asking him why Ixe .was not rat his pc*V whilst jozne £-t his coaypli- ^ ? ments to the nohlelaclies he met are said' ^o have .been, nearly as Tall-flavored «b JJaar-ed-lMn himself. Fortunately the Interpreters -were wen of ^Uscretien, ind translated Ilia Majorca speeches j ISir Charles RaB*eil has after all been . fwrsoaded to ondertake the defence of Mirft. May brick.- Hii brief Is marked £t,pOO, but mone;alone_ would not have persuaded . 'the £reat 'advocate to visit ^Liverpool on such ' a mission. What more probably moved him was the desire to ontvle Sir Edwarcl Clarke's great achievements in the Bartlett case. The anti- Pasteur meeting atSt. James's Hall wan not very successful, only about 100 persons attending. The superin tendent of the Home for Lost Dogs aaid that 'though 200,000 dogs had passed through his (hands he had never seen a mad dog. He considered muzzles the chief came *of hydrophobia. Dogs always tried to get out ol people's way when they went mad, yet that was the TOry time they were pursued and tormented.' . If tills be true, and I suppose It Is, coming from such an authority, tiie fact Is well worth remembering. . -, A 'faith-healer,' who calls himself ' Baron ' C. Andreas, and claims to have cured as many diseases as the twelve apostles, requests the editor of the Christian Commonwealth to produce 'a well authenticated case of leprosy,' in order that he may *' by simple childlike prayer, accompanied by the laying on of harMs' and 'anointing with oil,' make him whole again. Will it be believed, that Instead of rebuking this man, the editor accepted his Implied challenge, and named tbe Prince of Wales's leper, Edward Yoxall, now In hospital, to ' Baron ' Andreas. Of course the doctors at fit. George's are nob the least likely to let the worthy 'faith healer 'play at miracles with the poor afflicted leper. 'Dagonet' haa been giving a dig to the fat ' Marquee' de Lesville, whose absurd songs (devoid alike of rhyme and metre) sprawl down the advertising columns of our dailies just now. This sort of thing, you know— THE BYGONE SETTEE, My spirit floated one moonlight night Over the far Samoa ; And the angels' wings were clear and straight Above in the starry roar. And that night from the far forever I rose in a passionate pain ; As the ghost of a bygone shiver Whispered my darling's name. Then out of the sea-swept heaven, There wandered a silent sob, And it sang this song unahrivenr And the price is a couple of bob. Snowing what frauds American prize fights usually are' I shouldn't have thought the British public would have cared two pins about the result of the Sullivan v. Kilrain prize fight. Evidently, however, people did, for Fleet-street (opposite the Sporting Life offices) was crowded on Monday afternoon with a motley crew anxiously awaiting news. From the observations of these gentry I gathered that Kilrain was the popular fancy. Sullivan made himself very objectionable over here, whereas Kilrain worked hard and said little. The fight seems to have proved but a one-sided business, Kilrain's chief part In it being apparently to ' drop to avoid punishment.' Now Kilrain has been well beaten it Is astonishing how many people knew he could never 'aland up to Sullivan.' Richard V. Fox, of diamond-belt fame, loses between £6,000 and £7,000 by Kilrain's defeat. Lord Portman, who owns the greater part of north-west London, and is rich beyond the dreams of avarice, is going to erect for himself a copy of Hampton Court Palace. Mr. Norman Shaw has been appointed architect, and will select the site. There are to be no restrictions as to cost. Yizetelly, the publisher, who is suffer ing imprisonment as a first- class misde meanant for persisting in Belling Zola and other French garbage, occupies his time chiefly in writing. He has for some months been engaged on a volume of reminiscences of his experiences as a lite rary man and publisher, and also Intends doing some account of bis forced residence at Holloway -Castle. The furniture, pictures, and effects of Battlecrease House, Algburth, the resi dence of the unfortunate James Maybrick, were sold by auction on Monday last, and realised a substantial sum towards defray ing the expenses of Mrs. Maybrick's de fence. Public feeling In Liverpool does not now run so strongly against the lady as it did. At the Saltpetrlere Hospital In Paris there is a good-looking young girl of 15 who has fits of hysteria, in the course of which she fancies herself a cat. and be haves just like one. When the attack comes on the patient moves about on all fours with extraordinary agility, purring or hissing. If a hospital student throws a ball of paper at her she will play with It on all fours, running and jumping at It in the manner peculiar to a cat— arching her back, ticking her hand as if It were a paw and passing it over her head to smooth the supposed for. Each of these strange fits laats 20 minutes, and is of course moBt painful to witness. The patient, how ever, seems absolutely unconscious of what has happened. Beerbohm-Tree means to produce Shakespeare's 'King John' at the Hay market In September. His summer season ends to-night. The Avenue, Vaudeville, and Toole's theatres dosed on Saturday last for the receBS, and this evening the Ke^dals bring their Btay at the Court to an end. To-morrow Mrs. John Wood and Company reopen this house with a comedy called ' Aunt Jack, of which great things are expected ; and ' Pink Domlnos' will be revived at the Criterion when Wyndham goesto America. The Garrick continues to do such tremen dous business with ' The Profligate' (the hot weather notwithstanding) that Hare will only be able to give his company a brief holiday In August i and 'The Yeo men of the Guard' looks like rannlng right through the summer at the Savoy. An American actress named Kate Forsyth has failed to do any good with an Impos sible play called 'The Tigress' at the Comedy Theatre, and the revival of ' Jim the Penman' at the Shaftesbury did not ' catch on.' Business at 'Doris' and ' Paul Jones' seems only so-oo. How inferior eves the best of the Italian local companies are to the cos mopolitan collection of great artistes at Covent Garden one has only to go to the Lyceum just now to realise. Here we have *' Otello,' with the great Tamagno, Maurel, and the original cast, chorus, and orchestra from La Scala, the most famous opera house In Italy, and yet— for the truth must be told — a Covent Garden audience would not tolerate such an en semble for a moment. Tamagno of coarse is Tamagno, a grand tenor and a great actor, and Manrel's Iago has been eulogised everywhere. Bat the pritna donna ! Never have I heard a worse vocalist In a big part. She could neither sing nor act, and the minor parts are filled anyhow. The choruB Is good In a small way and so Is the orchestra, but the general effect somehow seems shabby and second-rate. No man In his senses will, I am sure, pay a guinea twice for a stall at the Lyceum when for the same sum he can see such artistes as Mesdames Albanl and Scalchi, the two De Reskes, Mon tariol, Winogradow, and Clampl playing together hi a grand opera, magnificently staged, for the same sum. The cost of the flowers used for deco rating Covent Garden on the occasion of the Shah's visit exceeded £1,000. Sir Albert Sassoon, on dit, spent even more over the Empire, which was simply Emotheied in roses, huge banks being piled In every available corner. The exact charge made by the directorate for the private .performance at the Empire was £500, &t; wnat the cupper (every delicacy conceivable lor over 2,009 per bobs) and the wlrtea (ihe [Champagnes served w«re all 1880 via case) came to one can Jrtfly vaguely vou jWtore, ' It was in ccmpaiably the most sumptuous and mag- * -plficer^Jprfvite antertaintitent fi)ran In lionor of the Shah of tinabv. The larewdl benefit of poor oldMw. etephenu, the tnrigm&l; Vtb. WfliongHrtr In 'm Ticket of Leave Man,' at the ^haffeBbury Tfteatre on TuiBsday after jioon'wn i great success. Save perhaps Mm. Stirling «nd Mrs. -Ghlppendale lib old lady in 'the profession' !* more popular. All the Bmartaotonand actresses In London, from the ir«(n«i«i« and tbe Criterion, Gaiety, ard Adelph! companies downwards, helped, and Miss Maude MiDett, Hbs Jessie Bond, Miss Blanche Hodock, and other female divinities sold programmes. Hie 'begabft,' hi fact, realised enough to ^keep the dear old lady In comfort for .some time to come. The Duke of Portland's sronderf ol lock continues unbroken. At Stoekbrldge last week Semolina won two more well dowered stakes, and*t Kempton Park on Saturday the fclg £vent of .the meeting — the Princess of Wales'* Stakes of 12,000 sovs. — fell to bis grace by the aid of Johnny Morgan, 4 years, 7 st. 9 lb., who beat Thunderstorm, Alartley, and 15 others rather easily. The Ascot Hunt Cup failure, Danbydale, was favorite, and ran well lor five furlongs, but failed to stay ; and old Shimmer, who was also a great 'pot,' sever choired prominently at any period of the race. The proceedings at the meeting of the Jockey Club on Saturday were of a most matter-of-fact description, and entirely belled expectation. Mr. Lowther read an admirably expressed letter from Sir Geo. Chetwynd, resigning his seat as a member of the Jockey Club, and a resolution mov ing that this resignation be accepted was carried without discussion. Instead of the stewards' conduct as arbitrators being called In question it was warmly com mended, and the Duke of Westminster moved a vote thanking them for their trouble. The Duke of Portland elicited from Mr. Lowther that the various cats which came ont of the bag during the trial (Including Mr. Hammond's £1,000 present to Wood after Florence's Cam bridgeshire) would presently be thoroughly investigated. Mr. Hammond's blood must have run cold as he read this. He Is a professional backer, and to be warned off tiie turf would mean financial extinc tion. Yet methlnks that strange present win require a good deal of explanation. The circumstances of the gift were, to put it mildly, peculiar. Wood had won the Cesarewitch on St. Gatlen for Mr. Hammond, and In ordi nary course would have been put np on Florence for the Cambridge shire. Mr. Hammond, however, un gratefully preferred that Webb should ride his mare In the latter race, and this left Wood free to accept a mount on the then first favorite, Sandiway, for the Duke of Westminster. Curiously enough Sandiway did not go very well in the betting towards the last, whereas Florence became a red hot 6 to 1 chance. How the latter won, after a tremendous race with Bendlgo, all the world knows. Sandiway ran fifth, and In the opinion of ? her backers Wood rode execrably. Mr. Hammond, however, did not apparently think so, for it was presently whispered that he had given Wood £1,000 out of the Florence winnings. Rumors were just becoming ugly when Sir Geo. Chetwynd wrote to the papers for Wood, stating that there was not a word of truth in the story. Now, however, we know that Wood did receive a large present from Hammond. At the sale of the Queen's yearlings the top price of 3,000 guineas was given by Colonel North for a magnificent look ing colt by Hampton out of Land's End, whole brother to the shifty St. Michael. Sir Jno. Willoughby, who has a year ling book on next year's Derby, Is In the pleasing position of having laid — last summer, of course— £10,000 to £100 against Surefoot, about whose chanca even now the .ring decline to offer more than 4 to 1. At Kempton on Saturday Mr. Merry would have taken £5,000 to £1,000, or even £9,000 to £2,000, bob no one would deal. Those who read that remarkable sketch, 'Aut Diabolus Aut Nihil,'lin a recent BlacJcicood, will probably turn, as I did, with a good deal of expectation to the author's first attempt in novel writing, ' little Hand and Mackle Gold.' I warn tbem they will be disappointed. The author is a cynic, and I should fancy an atheist, too. His characters are almost without exception objectionable. There Is not what ladies would call one 'really nice ' person in the book. On the other hand there are some appalling scenes described, and described with a dreadful power that grips one's imagination and brings them back again and again. I have never come across anything In fiction more horrifying than the author's narra tive of his young and beautU ful heroine's death from hydrophobia in lingering tortures such as one had till reading this only faintly and remotely Imagined. Almost equally dreadful and pictured with painful fidelity Is the death of the villain par excellence of the book, Laurence Farqohar. Lying on a rock on the seashore at Boulogne In a drunken absinthe ecstasy Farquhar comes to the conclusion life Is no longer worth living, and that he will let the moonlit waves ripple up and drown him. He falls asleep, and only wakes to find the tide swiftly submerging him. Then his one thought is of escape. He remembers rejoicingly that he can swim, and tries to strike out.. Horror of horrors ! the poor wretch can* not move. The fate the doctors foretold, if he would persist In taking absinthe, has overtaken him. Every part of Farquhar'a body but hia head has been completely paralysed. Within a few yards of Buccorhe dies in agonising mental tor* tures. Tennyson's new volume of poems will be published In October. It consists mostly of fugitive pieces. A 'Life of Father Damien,'by Mr. Clifford, who recently visited Molokaij and whose lectures and articles first attracted attention to the deceased martyr's work, Is published this week at 2a. Cd. by MacMillan. ? Mks EUen Bailey (Edna Lyall) has been cat of health for some months past, and Is doing no literary work. Another in valid lady and author, known to tiie world as 'Maxwell Gray,' Is also very 111 ; in fact, not expected to recover. She was slowly progressing with a new story (as yet unnamed), when a complication o£ her spinal complaint supervened. Augustine Birrell, the popular essayist, and author of ' Obiter Dicta,' has been triumphantly returned as Gladstocian member for WeBt Fife. Lady Stafford's chatty and unaffectedly written diary cf her tour round the world, 'How I Spent my Twentieth Year,' has already run Into a second edition. It is emphatically a book for family reading. 'Memory's Harkback' is the quaint title the Rev. Dr. Gfretton has given to a volume of reminiscences to be published Immediately by Bentleys. 