Chapter XX*X.—Ox the Stage. The house of Fane Courfewas brilliantly lit up, and bursts of music fall from time to time on the eats of one who lingered outside the windows. The weather was mild and warm ; the March winds had : subsided, and April seemed to have brought summer rather than spring. ' It i was perhaps for this reason than many of the windows were a little open, and thus the sounds of song and laughter rang far out into the night. A stranger, who had walked over from a distant town, was dis concerted by the signs of merriment that came to his ears. It was not late when he arrived— only half-past 7 in the even ing—but it was plain that his arrival was untimely and unexpected. The great front door waB wide open. Guests were constantly arriving. Carriages drove up, deposited their loads, and drove away ; crowds of servants stood about the hall, or moved hurriedly from one place to another. It would nave been easy for a stranger to enter uninvited ; but the pedestrian, who had tramped .all the way from Warwick, did -not seem prepared to do this. He loitered for a few moments on the step, pulling his long brown moustache and beard as if in perplexity ; then seeing a servant in livery staring at him, he spoke. "Your mistress ia busy, I suppose ?" " Yes, Bir. Did you want anything, sir?" " Fo; I had better call again." "Any name, sir? Shall I call Mr, Fane?" 41 Fo. Fo name. I'll call again." "Beg pardon, sir," said the man very deferentially, but drawing near as if to impart a confidence, "but my name's "Winter, sir—Fred Winter ; I didn't know you at first, Mr. Dick." The brown-bearded man's face lighted up. Be held out his hand and inilsted on grasping that of the footman, though I the man modestly held back. " You here, Fred? Well, it's pleasant to flee a friendly face again. I'm very glad to see yon, though I shouldn't have known you anywhere." "We're both a bit changed, Mr. Dick." " Since the days when we went bird nesting together. I should think sol What are you doing here, Fred? Are you in Miss Lyndhurst's service 1" " No, sir. I'm still at Mersham Hall, but with Mr. Micklethwaite. Mr. Julian Micklethwaite's my Bpecial charge, sir; I'm his valet. I had the chance of going abroad with Mr. Francis, your brother, sir, but I preferred to stay; I'd been at Mersham ever since I was twelve years old, you know, sir." " Well then," said Dick Vandeleur, drawing him a little aside, " tell me, if you can, Fred, what Is going on here to night ?" "Theatricals, sir, and a dance after wards. It's a sort of charity affair—pro ceeds to be given to a hospital—guinea tickets. Half the county's here, sir, to see the acting. The smaller sort of people go away after the performance and the bigger ones stop for the dance, sir. It's a very grand affair." " Professionals acting ?" "Two or three, sir; bnfc the etar of the evening's supposed to be Bliss Lyndhursb. You've heard of her perhaps, sir. She's got a romantic history they say, and she's very pretty and clever, and she's going to be married this summer to Mr. Fane—— I Are you ill, sir ?" For Dick had staggered backward a little and clntched at the wall to steady himself. "My God i" he muttered to himself. "So soon!" He pub his hand up to his forehead and pressed it lightly, as if to prove to himself that he .was not asleep and dreaming. " 111 ?" he said, a moment later. "No, not at all. A sudden dizziness to which I'm subject. It's gone off. Do you think, Fred, that I could get admission to this affair to-night ?" " I'm sure you could, sir. If Mr. Fane knew that you were here " " Ah, but that that's what I don't wanb to know. Look here, my good fellow"— and Dick dropped a couple of sovereigns into his palm—" I Bhonld like to get In without Mr. Fane hearing a word about it or Miss (Lyndhurat either. Only for the acting, you know. I'll pay guinea to the charity like a man, if you can get me into a back seat somewhere." . "Well, sir, I'll try," said Winter, a little doubtfully. " But I'd sooner not keep these, Mr. Dick—I don't want 'em, and I don't like to take them from yon. I've not earned them for anything." " Nonsense," said Dick, pushing his hand back. " You'll have earned them right enough if you get me that place. Don't be a fool, Fred—I know you're thinking that I can't afford it—I tell you I'm a millionaire now compared with what I used to be. Don't lose time either— they must be almost ready to begin." " Will you let me speak to Mr. Julian, sir? He'd get you a seat in a moment." Dick hesitated, and in that moment of hesitation Winter took his consent for granted. Julian Micklethwaite had jusb come out of a sideroom and was passing through the hall when Winter accosted him. " Beg pardon, sir; bub could you, as a great favor, Bir, get this gentleman a seat for the play, Bir ? He's not one of the reg'Iar guests, sir, but I know all about him " "A friend, of yours, Winter?" said Julian smiling. He liked Winter, who had been a faithful servant to him for some years, and he would willingly have done him a favor. " Oh dear, no, Bir, not a friend of mine," said the man, In quite a shocked tone. " I shouldn't think of taking the liberty of calling him a friend, sir ; he's a gentleman—a stranger—he would like to buy a ticket if there was one to be got " 4' Rather odd," muttered Julian to him self. He knew that the company was select, and that, although tickets were sold they were disposed of only to people "in j the same set," "or at any rate to people with good introductions. Suddenly a sense of the absurdity of the situation came over him, and he laughed, but also shook his head, " Afraid I can't manage It for yon, Winter. You must apply to ! Mr. Fane." Dick had heard the colloquy, and now thought It time to put in his word. " Excuse me," he said, putting Winber on one side, and addressing himself to Julian. "My reason for wishing to ! witness this evening's performance will, I am sure, neb seem strange to you^when I tell you that I was once Miss Lynd hurst's sole friend and guardian. My name is Richard Vandeleur." Julian surveyed him with interest. " Of course I have heard of one Richard Vandeleur," he said, 4'nob as the guar dian of Miss Lynahurst, bub as the brother of Mr. Francis Vandeleur, from whom my father rents Mersham Hall." "Exactly," said Dick, with his good natured bluntness. " I'm the man." "I see. And Winter knew you." Julian smiled with shrewd appreciation. "Bat why don't you go in and see Miss Lyndhurat or Mr. Fane ?" "I'll tell yon why," said Dick, lowering his voice. He and Julian had drawn to gether at once. Dick, strong, resolute, muscular, felt a great pity for the frail looking young man whose stooping shoulders and wasted countenance told of long-continued ill-health as surely as his soft brown eyes and serene smile be trayed a sweet and kindly nature ; Julian looked with liking and admiration at the big, handsome, brown-bearded man with the vigorous frame and the look of pain and trouble in his face. The two trusted each other at the first glance. Something in their natures made them akin, " I'll tell you why," said Dick. " I sup pose you have not heard much of my story —of my—my connection with Erica—Miss Lyndhurst—or you would nob ask me to see Mr. Fane." "I have scarcely heard anything of you." " I was her guardian once—I—ah, well, I can't tell you .all the story," said Dick, gulping down some strong emotion of which he seemed to be ashamed—" but the long and the short of it isthatlwouldglveallthe world to flee her again—to flee for myself if flhe is happy. And if Fane knew that I was here why he wouldn't give me the chance, that's all." And Dick hung his head and sighed. J ulian took a long look at him, " Evi dently an old lover," he said to himself. " Poor fellow! And Fane's jealous. What harm cab there be in his seeing Erica act to-night ? Do you want to speak her ?" he said doubtfully. "Not to-night. I have something I want to give or send to her some time, but to-night I should be satisfied if I could flee her at a distance. I'm hungry for the flight of her," said Dick simply, "and though I know that she'll never be anything to me, I should like to see her once again—to see if she has altered since the day I said good-bye to her more than a year ago." "You shall see her," said Julian de cisively. "Come along." Ard taking Dick by the arm he led him across the hall to the side door from which he had previously Issued, They passed through a cloakroom, where Dick deposited his hat and overcoat, lien down a short passage, terminated by a narrow door. Julian paused for a moment; the scrape of violins and tjie deeper tones of the 'cello could be distinctly heard through a buzz of voices and a hnbbnb of hammer ing and knocking. " We are pretty near the stage, and the carpenters are puttlDgsomefinai touches," said Julian, by way of explanation of the noise. " The overture has begun, I hear. I will take you in at this door; it is in a recess, draped by a curtain. You will be completely In Bhadow, and can in fact make yourself quite invisible if you choose, And when you are tired of it, slip out by this door." "Iam very much obliged to you," said Dick. "Not at all. I'm glad if I can do any thing for you. I suppose you won't leave the neighborhood without paying a visit to your old home, Meraham Hall ? My father and I shall be pleased to see you." "I'm afraid I must not stay," said Dick, " Perhaps for a day or two, how ever—at any rate I thank you heartily for your kindness." He held out his hand. There was scarcely a glimmer of light In the passage in which they stood ; but perhaps Julian had been moved by a similar^ impulse, for the hands of the two men met, and each felt that if time and opportunity had been granted them for friendship he, would have gained a friend, i The overture ceaBed—Julian knew that the lights were lowered and that the time for opening the door had come. The two entered almost Bilently. Julian glided to a seat which had been kept for him, and Dick Yandeleur stayed in the, recess, nearly hidden by the folds of the heavy j velvet curtain with which it wa3 draped. 1 A glance told him that Erica was not j yet upon the stage. He had time, there fore, to look at the audience, and, although | the light was dim, he saw several faces that had been known to him in days gone by. And, more plainly than any other, he saw the fair, cold, clearly-cat features of the man who had persuaded him to give Erica her freedom, of the man who had intended all along—as Yandeleur now felt cer tain—to make Erica his wife. Cyril Pane sat in the front row of the audience, at the end of the seat. He was there for several useful purposes, in order to help to manage the strings of a curtain, to induct new-comers into seats, to be at the beck and call of actors and audience alike; but to Yandeleur, who did not realise all that was expected from Erica's betrothed and the virtual master of Pane Court it seemed an atrocious piece of im pertinence that ho should be sitting there at all. He was leaning sideways over the back of his chair, stroking his fair mous tache and surveying the audience, with the half jronicalsmlle upon his lips which Yandeleur had learnt to dislike. His quick eyes rested for a moment on the draped recess ; he stirred, half rose, and then sat down again, the smile fading from his lips. Dick wondered whether he had been seen, and shrouded himself once more behind his curtain. He noticed that Mr. Pane did not seem at ease, that he continued to eye the recess suspiciously, and that only when a round of applause announced the appearance of the heroine of the hour did he once more direct his attention to the stage. J The piece was an airy, musical trifle, written expressly for the occasion by a local composer of considerable merit. Erica was the heroine—a lady of rank masquerading as a dainty Bhephsrdess, and breaking the hearts of half-a-dozan lordlings before she gives her hand to the faithful shepherd, who after all turns out to be her equal in rank as he is her match in mind and manners. There was a good deal of singing, dancing, and coquetting to be done ; grace, aplomb, and musical faculty were needed more than dramatic power, and Erica lacked none of these qualities. But her first appearance gave poor Dick a terrible shock. His Erica, his wild Erica, his.simple, true-hearted Erica in that guise, smiling and pirouet ting, crowned with flowers and sparkling with gems. And yet there was nothing very alarm ing in Erica's appearance. She had been dressed by Worth in a charming combina tion of blue and pink. She had no sleeves to speak of, and a good deal of her lovely neck was bare ; her charming foot and ankle were displayed to great ad vantage below the dainty shirt skirts, in Bilk stocking and buckled shoe. Dick noted the color in her cheek, the bright ness of her eye, the lightness of her laugh; not taking the capabilities of rouge and belladonna and stage training into account at all. .He felt outraged, indignant. He had been eating his heart out with grief for Erica during the last few months; he expected that she would at least have had the decency, as he phrased it, to go softly, to live quietly for a little time after her separation from him, and here he found her laughing, singing, flirting, bedizened like an actress, and promised In marriage to another map. He felt sick, dizzy, distraught; he did nob know what he was doing. In his anxiety to see her once more—for he thought that he would take one last look and then depart from the house for ever—he pulled the curtain too much aside; he forgot that the b'ghb from a side lamp fell upon his face, and that his presence might thus be revealed to the last person whom he wished to know of it—to Erica herself. He forgot lb until too late. As she came forward to smile and bow to the andience she caught sight of his face— pale, stern, set, leaning forward from the shadow of the curtain like an accusing ghost. She stopped short, her eyes di lated, her face paled beneath the rouge, The guests, who were all clapping her, paused in amaze. What did this change mean ? Cyril Fane, suddenly aware of some thing wrong, started up in his place and looked round. But even as he did so a cry burst from his pale lips. She had thrown up her arms and rushed forward, not knowing what she did,. "Dick1." she cried. "Dick ! Dick !" She had forgotten the footlights. They had been Insufficiently protected, and the actors had been cautioned against going too near. Her thin gauzy skirt caught fire; the horrified audience beheld her in wreating smoke and flame. But only for a moment. A Btrong man, to whom love and fear lent wings, had sprung to the front and leaped upon the stage, almost before that first cry left her lips. He clasped her in his arms, forced her down upon the ground unwrapped in something thick and heavy, which proved to be the curtain, torn by main force from the recess in which it had hung. He crushed out the flame with his hands ; he pressed out the sparks from the fragile fabric. And when, after two or three minnteB' indescribable confusion, the smoke cleared away and the danger was all over, it was found that the strange man with the beard was pressing Erica's unconscious figure to his heart, covering her face with kisses, and calling her his darling, his own Erica, his wife. \To le continued.) 