HAMILTON SUPREME CjftURT. Friday, JSepL 6. (Before His Honor Mr. Justice Williams.) Crown Prosecutor : Mr. J. T. T. South. ESbONIOUSLY WOUBDIKO. ' Duncan iPJfaugtitmi was placed at the bar, dunged that he did at Hokangei on the JOth June; 1889, feloneonsly wound Peter hPNahgh- ton, with intent to do some grievous bodily harm. The misoner pleaded not guilty, and Mr. Leon (instructed by Messrs. S itnuel and Horwitz) appeared for the defence. A jury wasenpannelled as follows John C. Richards (foreman), Geo. Ferrieii James C-rntts, Christian Matusehka, August Dennert, Thomas L'ndsay, George Christie, Robert Watson, John Barker, John M'Master, U. Kramn, and John. Xomkina The Crown Prosecutor, in stating the case to the jory, admitted that the prisoner committed the offence with which he stood charged while suffering from delirium tremens, and elated that undoubtedly the delations under which the man was suffering were genuine ones. His Honor -would interpret the law on the snbject. Jessie H'Naughton deposed that she was un married and lived with her father, Peter M'Naughton, at Mokanger. The prisoner was her uncle. The witness proceeded, nnder ex amination by the Crown Prosecutor, to repeat the evidence she gave at the Hamilton Police - Court on the 15th July last, and folly reported in the Spectator. The evidence was to the effect that the accused came to the house of witness's parents an Saturday, the 8th of June. He stayed over Sunday at the house, and his man ner was strange, indicating that he was Buffering from delusions. On Sunday night he appeared to think that a man was 'behind the curtains who wanted to shoot him. Peter H'Naugfatan and his wife both tried to psoify him and to per auade him there was no one there. Prisoner pos sessed himself of akiiife, which they endeavored to ooax from him, but unsuccessfully. Prisoner, who had been saying tbat be could see a ghost and " fairies ou tbe wall," eventually 'attacked and severely . wounded witness's , father and mother with the knife. There had been no quarrel between her parents and the prisoner. Her uncle had always been very kind to their family. To Mr. Leon the witness said her uncle lived by hiouelf usually. Daring the whole time her uncle was at her parents' honse his conduct was like tbat of a person who was out of his mind. Peter H'Naughton, elder brother of the prisoner, also repeated his evidence, as given at the Police Court, and said he had always been on the best of terms with his brother- — the prisoner. The latter gave way to drinking at times. Witness was in bed when he heard that the prisoner had the knife in his hand. Witness went ont and found his brother suffer ing from delusions, saying he saw various things on the wall. Prisoner imagined he saw some one behind the curtain and remarked to witness, " Yon can get my land in the morn ing." Witness replied, "I don't want your land, Duncan," and then he felt a stinging blow in the face, prisoner having stabbed him. Had a straggle with prisoner and eve .tnally got Mm out. Witness did not then know his wife was injured. To Mr. Leon : Prisoner and witness had al ways been on the most friendly terms, and there, had never been an angry word between them. His sister (Mrs. Btyden), had come down from Inverell, and wanted to take prisoner away with her. Constable Harris, of Cavendish, deposed to the arrest of the prisoner on the 11th of Jane. Prisoner had neither hat nor boots on. Wit ness asked the prisoner what be had done to Peter and his sister. Hie replied " Yon know, and when I go before the judge you'll know to." Prisoner farther said that the magpies had been crying out to him, " Dr. M'Nanghton," an! that he had met a Scotoh piper, who .-was playing " The Campbells are coming." He told witness he had been nine days on the spree at Hamil ton. When asked how blood came on hiaface, witness said he had been killing a sheep. At times he talked rationally, but at others he had delusions. To Mr. Leon : The delusions appeared to be genuine. Constable Lithgow deposed to conversing with the prisoner on the day following his arrest. He said that his sister-in-law must have got hurt while attempting to defend her husband. He said also that he intended tn mark the brother, as he thought tbe latter was acting .with others in attempting to kill him, and that if his (prisoner's) body were found the police would know that Peter had something to do with the matter. Dr. Arthur Bennett testified to the condition in which he fonod Mrs. M'Nanghton on -Mon day, the 10th June. She was suffering from an incised wound in the -right side of the neck, which extended downwards into the long. Her life was then in extreme danger, and was still in some danger. There was a great deal of bleed ing into ths cavity of the chest. Peter M'Nanghton had wounds on the face and at tne" back of the scalp. He soon got well First , saw the prisoner on the 13th Jane. Generally found him quite rational, but he had one or two delations. He said two men were oat at Mo kanger Co shoot him, and that his brother was implicated. He appeared to be in doubt about the matter. The witness bad not the slightest doubt tbat tire delutionH were genuine. It -was a esse of deHrmmtrancns, iae to excessive drinking. Saw him about a week afterwards, when he had quite recovered. He told witness thathe had tore his clothes. .Believed tbat the man bad perfectly recovered since, though wit ness had not seen him for some time. To Mr. Leon : Delirium tremens was a disease —temporary insanity. Had heard Miss M'Nauhton's evidence, and had no doubt that the prisoner, when he committed the offence, was uncontrollable, except by physical re straint. Dr. lY.'E. La Fann Hearn deposed to seeing thfe prisoner on the 11th June, and repeated the evidence he gave at the Police Court. The prisoner was suffering from the effects of ! delirium tremens occasioned by drink when witness examined him. He bad since quite re covered and was in a rational condition. Mr. Smith said that was the ease for tbe Crown. Mr. Leon : I suppose that from the medical evidence, your Honor will direct a verdict of acquittal. The case is absolutely clear. His Honor : Well ? Mr. Leon : Delirium tremens is a disease, is . temporary insanity, and the law with regard to temporary insanity la the same if the insanity be .produced by drink as if by some other cause. Anwet-andermrcumatanoeB.iike that is sot a criminal act : His Honor: There must be something farther. Mr. Leon proceeded to.qaote from Stephens on the Criminal Law, showing that if 'a man committed an act while suffering from disease induced' by drink that act ould not be regarded as a crime. He also read at length from last Saturday's issue of the Hamilton Spec tator the report of the Eoglish case Beg. v. Davit, in which Mr. Justice Stephen laid down the principle that " drunkenness is no ««««, wo hcwism tremens cansen oy nrnaaen- -ness may bo an excuse if . . . tt produces such a state of mind as would . otherwise relieve hiin(the 'aoeused person) from responsibility." He asked His Honor to direct the jury to find the prisoner .-hot guilty on the ground of in sanity. . Hisfiuuur; TUs-msly question is whether I. can direct tbe jdry: "ff entirely agree with the' view of the law yon hsvmsMed. . ; Mr. Smith : Tbc 366th -Section leaves it a question for the jury to determine whether a man is insane or not. . Of. course, if he were ac quitted on tbe ground of insanity that would not entitle bim to his liberty at once. , jMr. Leon : No, that will be dealt with after wards. would not detain waaa-loveaMe man andtin the. best of terms with his brother and family, but his mind had been reduced by a disease induced by drink to a blank, and while in that state he inflicted' -grievous injury on those he had tbe greatest; affection for. The man had been brought aL most to the 'foot of the gsllows through this accursed drink, and had resolved not to allow another drop of it to pass his lips. He asked tbe jury to find a verdict of not guilty on the groond of insanity, .and pointed not that the future disposal, of "She 'prisoner in -that case would be a matter for the consideration of the Executive. His Honor, in charging the jury, said there was no doubt that the offence had been com mitted and the Only question for the jory to con sider was whether at the time of its commission the prisoner was responsible for bis sets, whether he was suffering from temporary insanity. If the jjury thopght he .was they would jmqnit him, on theitrerriid of temporary insanity. 'The evidence on this point certainly did seem to go all pne nay,: The -man had drunk to' each a degree that his brain had became diseased, and he suffered under aU norti of delusions. He did hot like to exactly direct a. verdict : of acquittal, bnt would say that -ho folly agreed, with the viewbf the law put by Mr. Leon. It was apupt lamentable jncidnntjrot only one of many jrbpwingthe way in which drink imperilleda man's 'petition and liberty. Not onlythat, but 'of the way in which it worked ruin 'and destruction to those around the man'who was.a' victim of drink. 'Whatever 'prisoner's futnraWigbt be, it was to be hope!) dhe, sretpafenoe would -prove ,a warning to him for the rest of hia life. If the jniy found' thkt the JO.TO jn liis proper- senses' at the time tie woandea hiv brother they would fihdliiih Jghiltir,' ' f>ut Other-, wise they woaMhcqmtLim'ISMmAnw otin- sauity. and then <the case WonUbe dealtOrtth by the Ugxecqtive, who, after ajruhnrg, jrroper knrttiea for tKhlm&'<e4raMthefctur£- twoulfl probablyttleE his disrhaigejr"- The jury without leavindhsdmit fouiid the Prisoner cot guilty, onthegrotmdof fasanity. The rGrxmCtoaecatav wdheWmMtraW V ofZejnhMeguraa-aecaad lease fin tidddibrismihr. Iras chugedarith wounllingiinisfatfrdnxlaltr; ;«!' iSSS&iS;£SsSFS& 