VEXED MERIT AUCE BY ANWIE 8. SWAN. Adtbob of *' Twice Tbted,' - ' ACBOSS Hbb Path,' 44 Aldbbsydb,' ' The Gatbs of Edbn,' etc. / CHAPTER I. j. Fobbbodinds, 'Hubert, dear, jort loot 1 Only 8tJ Valentine's Day, and see what beautieBl I am quite *ure ? they couldn't be found anywhere tat in West Court Woods/ it was | a sweet young voice, and a sweet young presence, too, whicb interrupted Hnbcrt Westray'a meditations that after noon In the library at West Court. He started, almost as if he bad been caught nnawares in some untoward action, and looked UP with a slight smile to greet hts rife. She made a fair picture, as she stood by the table emptying her basket of its precious hoard of early primroses and sweet violets, and a deep, yearning ten* dcrness filled the man's eyes as he looked. She was a young , thing, only twoand twenty, 'with a slim girlish figure, not without its own dignity and grace, a Gweet, open* young face, whereon no shade I of care or pain had ever yet been per * mitted to dwell. She wore a blue serge gown, and a warm white shawl wrapped about her head and shoulders, which made a fair and fitting frame for her win ning lace. 4 1 had such a -walk, and such a hunt for them,' she said, gleefully. 4 You told me 1 should go on a wild-goose quest, you dear, stupid old boy ; but didn't I know what the swallows whispered P Didn't I feel the acent o£ these violets this very morning in that sweet west wind P Oh, I know all about it. Nobody can deceive me when the spring is coming. Isn't she my own especial season P Wasn't I born on the very first day of spring ? Papa used to call me the spring maiden ; and so, of course I ought to know all about gentle spring, when she is my true god mother. So she rattled on, her fair fingers all the while deftly arranging the delicate bios soma in a spray to wear at her bosom. ' How dull you look, Hubort,* she said, I suddenly arrested by her husband's I silence. 'Are you not well to-day P' I ' Yes ; I was listening to you and watch I ing yon, Ada,' he said, smiling again in rather a forced fashion, for his thoughts were gloomy. ? Dutiful boy. Well, do you know it is five o'clock, and wc promisod to be at ; Mrs Wilmot's before seven I Isn't it an ' hour's drive P How long does that leave us to dress i' As sko spoke she left the table, and, with one of uer swift gestures, knelt on one knee by her husband's chair, and rested her bright head against his arm. There was a considerable disparity in years, as well as a strong contrast be tween them, and yet they were a hand some well-matched pair. Hubert Westray looked bis six-and-thirty years to the full. His dark hair and beard were streaked with gray, and his broad forehead had deep fines upon it. His whole appearance was that of a man who had had a long and possibly a bitter experience of life. It was a fine face in' the main, but there was an irresolute droop in the lips, and a shifting glance in the deep blue eye which indicated a certain weakness of character, which had ever been the failing of his race. Looking into his wife's smiling, radiant face, the shadow which in solitude dwelt so darkly on his own was somewhat dis pelled. It was as if tho sun had shone suddenly upon some dark and gloomy spot, which only needed the checring ) beam. 'Hubert, why is it you look sometimes eo very sad P' asked the sweet voice at his elbow. * When I look at you, often when you do not know, I feel my heart heavy, and I begin to fear that perhaps you made !? a mistake in marrying one so ignorant and 1 foolish as I. I cannot be brave and clever when I do not feel it, Hubert. I am only a stupid little girl, who cannot give you anything but her heart's lovo.' ' Oh, my darling, bush ! He put his arm about her, and drew f her very close to him., and for a time there was nothing said. 'Adelaide, I am not worthy of your love. Your pure heart, my darling, is hardly a mate for mine. I marvel sometimes that 1 had the presumption to ask such as you to share my life.' 'What do you say, Hubert? You speak as if you were some quite objection able person, instead of the best, and noblest, and dearest in the world. Shall 1 tell you how many wero disappointed and disgusted when you asked poor, in significant Adelaide Courtney to bccomc I the mistress of West Court P' ' Hush.' he said again, and laid his - hand over her lips. 'Don't talk nonsense, p wife.' k 4 Well, I won't. How happy wc arc, ' en 4 how complimentary to, ana. satisfied with, cach other ! Isn't it a splendid thing, Hubert P' she said, with a half wistful, half- comical look, which was wholly*irresistible. But again her hus band's dark face had become suddenly grave ; and he turned his head away as if to hide from her clear, penetrating gazo. 4 1 sometimes wonder, Hubert, whether it can be good for mortals to be so happy as wc arc, said the young wife, growing grave, too. 4 As I walked this afternoon and heard the birds singing, and felt tho sweet wind on my face, I could not help feeling very grateful for all the procious things God has givon to me — you and baby and West Court and papa and mamma and all the rest. Do you think I deserve to be such a happy and well-off girl, Hubert P' ' If any girl ever deserved happiness, you do, my Ada,' was the fond reply. It docs not take very much to content .you.' 'Now I think it takes a great deal. All these things might well content a much larger ana more important woman than I am. But there, I am not going to worry myself with these philosophical questions, but just accept my sunshiny lot, and be grateful for it.' So saying. Lady Westray picked her self up and went back to her flowers. *1 shall wear a white gown to-night, Hubert, and in spite of Denver I shall have all my flowers about me. Do you H think your brother and his wife will be at Eardley to-night P' The slightest possible shadow marre^ for a moment the smttingefaoo as she asked the question. ' 4 Probably. - Robert and Wilmot are ▼ery intimate/ . 1 ' Shall! teli you something, Hubert P Mrs Robert Westray always makes -*ne feel dreadfully uncomfortable Just like an interloper or something. And though I think I look all light, the 'moment bcr cold eyes fall on me I feelas ifiny clothes were dreadfully wrong somehow/ Do you like Eleanor, Hubert? . ^ ^ ' N ot particularly. Ihave noticcd bcr airs, Adelaide. But you mustn't forget that you are Lady Westray. You must call up all your dignity' to, meet her.1 * I am afraid I lure none to call up, Hubert.' 'Haven't youP I're seen it on more than one occasion.' ' Nonsense, dear. But really, Hubert, I don't wonder very much at -Eleanor. It must have been a disappointment to her whoa you married me, and ospccially when baby came.* ' It need not have been a disappoint ment, then, Addie. ' It was her own blame if she viewed mo a confirmed bachelor at six-and-thirty. - Robert's wife is wordly and scheming, as he is the rc ' I'd like him, only he is so dreadfully meek and gentle ; I'd like to try and put him in a passion. Well, shall I ring for- a cup of tea here, Hubert P I think I could enjoy it after my walk.' 4 Certainly. I think I could enjoy it with you. Poring over these musty old folios makes a fellow rather stupid. I .ought to have been out with you.' ' What a concession 2 Some tea here, Harvey, please,' sho added to the servant, who entored tho room at the moment. ' And sec, give these flowers to Denver, and tell her to lay them beside my dress I shall wear to-night.' Having given her order. Lady 'Westray walked over to tlio quaint little corner window which always caught the last gleam of the setting sun, and, with her ands lightly folded, looked out in a happy reverie on the fair prospect which strctched before her admiring eyes. A wide and spaoious 'park, well planted with noble trees, sloped down to tho broad, swift-flowing river, which was one of tho chief beauties oE tho place. _ Beyond it many a smiling meadow and rich oreadth of pasture ana arable land owned the sway of the Wcstrays of West Court, one of the richest and most desirable posses sions in the shire. To eastward, the village of Westray was visible, its quaint church tower a landmark for miles around ; further east still, a dull haze obscuring the mild, bright February sky indicated the situation of Westborough, in whose ironworks and coalfields the master of West Court had also a sub stantial interest. Westray was an o'd and honored name in ? shire, West Courl a place bolovcd and admired further afield than Westray or Westborough. It was a proud thing to say that for four hundred years West Court had passed, in an unbroken line, from father to son, each bequeathing to his dcsccudant an un blemished name. There had never been a bad master of West Court, or any scandal or doubtful story in connection with the name. There had always been noble, pure, dignified lives lived at West Court, good deeds done, wealth well spent, influence judiciously and un selfishly wielded ; and so Westray and the neighborhood looked with just pride and love on their old manor and their great folks, and gave them at all times hearty service and sincere respect. It had been the custom always for the Wcstrays to marry before thirty — Sir Hubert was the only exception to the It had, indeed, bccn|fcarcd in Westray that he would remain a bachelor, and that West Court would pass to the younger branch of tho family, which would not be according to the precedent established by his ancestors. The younger sons had always been taught professions, which, along with their portion, waB supposed to be sufficient for their simpler needs. Occasionally there had been some dis agreements, an account of the expensive habits of certain of the younger sons, but they were never allowed to become the gossip of Westray or the talk of the town. Sir Hubert's marriage with the young schoolgirl daughter of a neighboring squire had taken many people, notably his own relatives, by surprise. It was said they were not pleased with his choice ; that his marriage was a bitter disappoint ment especially to the wife and family of his younger brother, Bobert — he was a gentle soul, who could harbor animosity against no one, But Hubert Westray cared nothing whatever for the opinion of others ; ho liad married to please him self, and he had loved the girl sincc one summer day he had seen her, a shy, sweet maiden of sixteen, first emancipated from the school-room. And from that hour he had resolved that she. and none other, should be mistress of West Court. Sir Hnbcrt Westray was esteemed and beloved for his goodness ani* generous kindness of heart, but few could say that they know him intimately. He was dis tant and reserved — rather taciturn, indeed, and had the look of one who had known sorrow, or had had some dark and bittcc experience of life. If there had been a secret sorrow or a secrot sin in the years of his young manhood he shared it with none. If he had any burden or punishment to bear, he bore it alone. If tliero were any hidden and carking care in his heart, not even his gentle wife was allowed to know of its existence. But certainly there wore times when Hubert Westray looked little enough like a man who had everything which makes life desirable and sweet. Lady Westray saw that her husband was in one of his moods that niglit and wisoly forbore rallying him, or trying to make hini talk. These varying moods were tho greatest, the only, trial of Adelaide Westray's life. She was always equable and sunny-hearted, and it was difficult for her to understand her husband's nature. She saw no reason why lie should ever ho gloomy or sad; but she had learned that it was the wiser | way to leave him alone until the cloud , lifted of its own accord. 1 The drive to Eardley, a distance of nino miles, waa very silent, and Lady Westray was clad when it was over. It was a task forner to be silent aud still, and it was a relief to her to enter the cheerful, well-lighted drawing-room, and to receive the hearty greeting of her genial hostess. Most of the people present wero known to her, and, after speaking for a few minutes with Mrs Wilmot, she crossed tho room to a tall, dark-skinned, handsome woman, elabor ately attired in ruby silk. 4 How do you do, Eleanor?' she said, rather timidJy, the usual feeling of dis comfort creeping over her as Mrs Bobert Westray's cold eye rested on her face. 4 Quite well, thank yon, Lady Westray. How late you arc ! We have bocn wait ing quite twenty minutes.' _ 'Mrs Wilmot says wo are in good time,' answered Lady Westray quietly. ' Arc the children all well P' 4 All well. How is Bertie P' 'Nicely. Growing so big and wise and beautiful, Eleanor, you would scarcely know him,' answered the young mother, her face radiant with love. ' How long it is since you were at West Court I when will yon come P' 'I don't know. I have no time to spare just now,' said Eleanor Westray, briefly. * West Court violets and prim roses already, Adelaide! They are as early as ever. But how absurdly you are bedecked with them. Such floral adornments were ail very well for Ade laide Courtney. They aro hardly suit* able for the lady of 'West Court. How miserably ill Hubert is looking ! I often say to Bobert he is just like a man who is very unhappy, and who has a load on his mind.' Lady Westray's color rose, and the tears started to her eyes. Without another word sho turned away from her sistcr-in-Iaw, bnt the unkind speech had led its sting, which robbed tho evening of all enjoyment for Adelaide Westray. She nervously and anxiously watched her husband, and certainly she had to admit tho truth of Sirs Bobert' s words. He did look miserably ill, and again a strange dread filled her heart, making it heavy as lead. What secret core was eating [into her darling's heartP What could be tbe burden no would not, or could not, share with heT P CHAPTER II. TUB LOST HEIH. 4 Do you think wo could lcavo now, Adelaide Pr So said Hubert Westray, drawing to liiB wife's side, about an hour after dinner. | 4 It is very early, Hubert. But if you i aro not well, if you would like to go, I I will ask Mrs Wilmot to excuse us.' | ' Do. I feel wretchedly out of sorts,' : he answered, hurriedly. ' It. is insuffer able to listen to these people talking. I didn't want to como at all. I ought to have stayed at home/ Lady Westray hurriedly rose, and hastened to matte her cxcuses to their hostess, and to ask that their carriage might be ordered at once. She was glad to get away out of the room, glad to escape, especially from Mrs Robert Westray's keen, cold eyes, which seemed to have a strange, mocking gleam in their depths. A prcrision of coming trouble had laid its chill hand on the heart of Adelaide Wertray, and when sho was alone in the carriago with her husband she sank back in her corner trembling in every limb. * Forgive me, my darling ; I am a bear frightening and hurrying you like this. I am a miserable, evil-haunted man, who can rest neither night or day.' ' Miserable I Evil-haunted 1 What do you mean, Hubert ? You terrify me, Why should you snlfer in this way — you who have never willingly harmed a hnman being P You are very ill, surely, Hubert, and the mind is dependent on the body. We will have tho best medical advice to-morrow.' Hubert Westray gloomily shook his head. ' You do not understand, Adelaide. My wife, my trouble is not one which medical skill can assist or even your sweet sympathy euro. Who can minister to a mind diseased P' ' But what docs it all mean, Hubert % WliyBbould you be troubled ? What is it that lies so heavy on yoar heart? Tell it to me dearest. Although I am only an ignorant girl, I am your wife ; ana, oh, I could help you, I think, if you would only let me.' For a time Hubert Westray made no answer. When he did speak, at length, it was only to ask a question which had no bearing on the subject. 4 Did you go into the nursery before we left, Adelaide !' ? Yes,' she answered, briefly, hurt a little at his calm ignoring of bcr appeal. 4 Bertie was all right, I suppose P' 4 Yes, all right.' 4 You can trust Foster? I hope sho will look after the child as faithfully in your absence as when you arc at homo.' 4 Why, of course. What extraordin ary questions you arc asking, Hubert. You alarm me very much.' Her voico shook, and he saw with what an effort she kept her self- control. 'I cannot help myself, Adelaide. I feel as if there were a sword hanging over my head. Whenever you or the child are out of my sight I am in tor ment.' 4 Then you must bo ill, Hubert, when such strange fancies possess you,' said the young wifo, turning her wondering eyes on his facc. In the dim light of tho carriage lamp she could see how pale and haggard ho was, and what a restless light gleamed in his eye. She laid her hand on his arm, seeking to soothe him with her gentle touch. 4 1 think we must go away somewhere for a time, Hubert ; to the sunny South, where you will forget all your gloomy fancies. You have been too much among your books of late. I am very proud of my husband's scholarship, but 1 cannot let his health suffer on its account.' He smiled, and slightly shook his head. Then they relapsed into silence, which Adelaide Westray felt no inclination to break. She was glad to be still for a little, to try and think over this trouble which had come into her life. Hitherto no shadow had fallen across her happy heart. Had the richest earthly blessings only been given that through them she might learn something of the ministry of pain P ' Adelaide,' Sir Hubert's voico broke the long silence, ' if you were to learn that I was unworthy, would you change towards me P Should I lose your love P' ' 1 am your wife, Hubert — and there is Bertie/ she answered simply, yet with a ' strange pathos of wistfulnesB. 'You ' try me very hard. If you wonld only ' trust me entirely, and tell mo what is troubling you, it would be better for us both. Here we arc at home 1 I never was so thankful to soe homo, I think, in all my life before/ The carriage drew up to tho pillared entrance to West Court, and Sir Hubert, jumping oat, helped his wife to alight with nis usual careful tenderness. It was a dark, starless night, the air unseasonably warm and oppres sively still. It was almost as if a stronge hush of expectancy hung over the dark and silent earth. ' How hot it is 1' exclaimed Lady Westray, poshing her hood back from her golden nead and throwing her cloak off her bare her arms. 4 1 feel oppressed, unhappy, Hubert. You have infected me, I mink, with yonr dulness' I shall be glad to get to sleep, Surely it will be brighter to-morrow morning.' They entered the house together, and both were struck on the threshold by tbe stillness within. No servant camc for ward, as usual, to receive the wraps ; but when Lady Westray ran upstairs she met her own maid on the drawing room floor. ' Why, Denver, I thought you were all asleep. Take my things, and get mo a cup of chocolate/ said her ladyship, lightly ; then struck by something strange in the woman's demeanour, she looked at her sharply. 'What is it P Why do you look at me strangely P We are an hour or two earlier than we expected, but that need not disconcert you, surely.' 4 No my lady, not at all. There is nothing — at least,' said Denver trembling, and suddenly bursting into tears, and covered her face with her apron and ran away. Lady Westray hung her wraps over the balustrade, and wallked upstairs to tbe nursery. The lights in both night and day nursery were at their full height, tho doors wide open, and the baby was not in his cot. Lady Westray furiously rang the bell, bnt there was no answer. Another peal, and a young girl wbo assisted in the kitchen came stealing into the room as white as the collar at her throat. 4 Where is baby, and where is Foster, AnneP' asked Lady Westray, very sharply for her, but her nerves were strung to the highest pitch. 4 How dare she take him out of the nursery at this late hour P And how dare she send you to answer my bell f 4 Oh, my lady, Foster is in the kitchen. She has fainted three times sincc, and-— - and ?' The little maid finished her sentence, like Denver, with a burst of weeping. 4 Where is babyP Try to tell me quietly, Anne, what has happened/ said Loay Westray, her vory agony of apprehension enabling her to speak calmly and even gently to the Bobbing girl. 4 I'll try, my lady. It was about half past nine ; Fostor was in the hall having a bit of supper with us. She bad left baby sleeping in his cot, and when she came up after ten he was not there. I offered to go and sit by him, my lady, while Mrs Foster had her supper, but Bhe said he was sloeping so soundly there was Like an arrow Lady Westray swept past the girl and sped downstairs to the kitchen. Sir Hubert, after removing his hat and coat, had gone as usual |to the library. It was his habit to sit over his books far oh in the morning. He did not .hear tbe light, swift footfall pass his door ; he was sitting moodily over the fire, his head hurried in his hands, a prey to his own gloomy thoughts. In the kitchen a bevy of terrified servants were gathered about the nurse, wbo was rock ing herself to aod fro in her chair, wring in Tier hands and bemoaning her fate, for it was to her carelessness that West Court owed the loss of its heir. When Lady Westray, still in her white dinner dress, with the spring blossoms, now crushed and withered, at lier throat and belt, entered tbe kitchen, the group si lently fell apart ; then some of them burst into audible sobs. 4 Foster, what have you done with my child?' asked her ladyship, in a calm, clear, perfectly passionless voice. I At the sight of her mistress the woman went off into hysterics ; then Lady Westray turned inquiringly to tho others. 4 There is very little to tell, my lady,' said the cook, more self-possessed than any i of the rest. 4 Mrs Foster was having her supper with us for company's sake, and when she went back to the nursery the babyjwas gone — spirited away, I say— fo no human being could take him. At first we thought Anne or Polly was playing a trick on nurse— trying to frighten her for leaving him— but we soon found there was nothing of the kind. We've searched high and low, my lady; there isn't u corner of the house wc haven't been into, nor an outhouse. We went through every blessed one with a lantorn, but it was no Lady WestTay asked no more questions, but walked slowly out of the kitchen and upstairs to tho library. There was no faltering in her step, nor in her voice, when she interrupted her husband's re verie by the expiring fire. 4 Baby is away, Hubert,' she said, in a quite, low voice. and she sat down and looked at him with a dazed, almost vacant 4 Away to bed, do you mean P' 4 No ; awtiy out oE tho houso. They have lost him. Some one has taken him out of his crib. Wc shall never Bee him any more I suppose. Poor Bertie ! To be lifted out of his warm bed and carried out into tho dark night. It was cruel, Hubert, to him, as well as to Hubert Westray sprang to his feet, his tall figure quivering with exeitcmcnt, the veins on his forehead standing out like knotted cords. 4 That was her errand,' he said, in a low thick whisper, oblivious of his wife's un natural calm. 'I ought to have known that revenge brought her here. That is tho sword which has been banging over me for days, Adelaide. I know it would be either you or the child.' Even in her own dread, awful misery, Lady Westray was orrcstcd by her hus band's wild words. 4 Who arc you talking about, Hubert P Mystery seems heaped upon mystery here. Do you know who can havo taken Bertie P' iskod his wife* pressing her hands to her throbbing temples, as if trying to collect and calmacr thoughts. 4 Yes, I know. I saw Rosamond Vane in Westborough yesterday, and her eyes havo haunted mo ever sincc. They fore boded evil to me and mine/ ? Who is Rosamond Vane P* 4 Ah, I forgot ; you do not know. Yes, I will tell yoa, Adelaide. The crisis has come, and you must know all. It cannot matter now whether you lcavo mo or not. I told you I have been a miserable, evil haunted man, pursued by tbe ghost of the past — by the misery ot a sin for whioh I have been bitterly punished. But there, I cannot tell yon the story now. I must go and scok her and the child.' So saying, and leaving his wife to her helpless, unavailing pain, he quitted the house. A little later she heard the ring of horses' hoofs !on the avenue, and if at that moment Adelaide Westray felt as if the very foundations of earth and heaven were shaken she may be forgiven. She dragged herself up at length, and went to make some more inquiries in a strange list less, disspirited way, without that exhi bition of frenzy which a mother thus sud denly and mysteriously bereft might have been expected to display. There was little more to learn. The gross careless ness of the servants was only confirmed : they were too miserable and conscience strickcn to attempt to, screen or defend themselves. While they had been enjoying their evening meal, the hall door had been open, and the entire house left at the mcrcyof any who might clect to enter it. The sorvants' quarters were shut off from the upper part of the house, and only a very unusual noise could be heard downstairs. How easy then for the robber to steal up stairs and carry away the sleepiug cbila. The mystery was why the child should havo been taken, and so much that is oommonly valued by the thief left un touched. Lady Westray wandered about the house for a time like one in a dream, looking blankly into one room after another, until at length sho sat down on a chair by the empty cot in the night nursery, and there, with folded hands and wide staring eyes, waited for what she scarccly knew. None of the servants camc near ; they were afraid to sec her, they whispered to one another, and so a dreary hour dragged itself away. Towards two o'clock in tho morning the sound of a horse's returning hoofs rang out over the still and heavy air, and Lady Westrav sprang to her feet, and, with a wild lignt of expectancy in her eyes, sped down to the hall, only to see her husband I enter alone ; then with a low moan she I tottered, and sank unconscious on the I settle in the hall. I (To bp continued.) I 