TALES MB SKETCHES, THE BELLS OF ST. PAUL'S. BY WALTER BESANT, Author op Dorothy Forster, tiie Chaplain : of the Fleet, Herr Paulu3, &c.; PART II. ' Chapter VII.— Sunday Mornixo. At (v, quarter beforo 11 on the Sunday morning there is wafted across the river tho mingled cling-clang-clash of a hundred bells — made melodious by the soft inlluencc of distahco —from St. Dunstan'a in tho West to St. Dunstan's in the East, or even St. George's, Ratchffc. They call tho London citizens to church, as thoy have called them for a thousand years. Ala3 ! These citizeus hear no more the pious call. Along the leafy Inner of Wcy- bridgc, on the breezy chaussic of Hempstead Heath, over tho turf of Wimbledon, across the furzy common of Barnes, everywhere— all round London — they are moving churchwards, obedient to the harsh tinkle of the little bell in the porky new suburban church ; but tho loud tonguo of tho sonorous city bell strikes not upon their cars. ; On the South side also they are not without their bells.. They ring out lustily from tho pinnacles of St. Mary Overy, from the tall needle of Horsolydown, from the squab tower of St. Tooley and from St. George of the merry Borough. Thoy make nil together— the bells of the city and the bells of the borough — such a ringing, rosonnnt, rolling consonation and concert of invitation that one feels how mean and poor spirited must bo tho creature who would refuse to enter a church after this magnificent overture, and how very much to be pitied is tho poor dissenter, who hath no part or share in it, and no such preliminary heart- awakouer on his way to ehapcl. Yet tho churches — both of city and borough— aro reported to be generally empty. Laurence stood at tho head of the staira, gazing across tho river. Ho wa3 soothing his spirit in the manner customary to young men after breakfast. It may bo ob served that no opposition was now made to tho profanation of the academy by the uso of the weed at any time. Suspicion of all kinds had wholly vanished. Ho had subdued all hearts. Even tho punch bowl was restored to its place without anxiety ; relations of a truly fraternal character were established witli the girls; this young man, in fact, carried so much cheerful ness about him that lie could communicate some of it to everybody. Even Cornelia re garded him with friendly eyes. . But this morn ing his face, usually so cheerful, was touched with anxiety. Beside him, on tho wooden bench of that rough belvedere already spoken of, sat Cassio. Slio was so daintily dressed in her Sunday " things " that she ought to have felt and looked happy. Alas! a pretty bonnet and a becoming costumo will causo a girl to forget a good many things— long hours of work, nagging, an ompty purse, an insufficient dinner— but under certain afllictions even, tho consolations of dross fnil. Cassio carried her prayer book, presumably, therefore, sbo was going to church, but she hardly looked as if tho consolations of . religion would greatly help her. Dark circles ringed tier eyes ; her soft checks wero palo ; her . rosebud lips wore set hard ; her shapely head was drooping. Thcso wore signs of distress ; of storm ; perhaps of temper. Laurenco glanced at her from timo to time with anxious eyes, but ' said nothing. Ho was wise. If you want a girl to tell you a thing, leave it unquestioned. Then that tiling will grow and swell up within her mind until it must be spoken and further reticence is impossible. When tho rolling and tho riot of tho bolls wero at their highest, Lucius came forth from tho bouse. Ho was dressed in black, brushed with neatness. His father always shewed his respect for Sunday by wearing black, and ho was not tho man to bring contempt upon his ancestors by changing any old oustoms. When Georgo IV. was king, great merchants— ay, and great lawyers, both of tho higher and tho lower branch— always went to church in black. Tho custom still survives on Bank Side and else where. If, for instance, you watch a row of houses in the rcspcctabio suburb of Stratford a littlo beforo cliuroh timo, you will pre sently obscrvo a swarming of families in tho direction of church or chapel ; you will also obscrvo that tho head of each family i3 clothed from head to foot hi black. Thi3 fashion, however, is going out ; a few short years more and it will have vanished gono to tho limbo erf all bygone fashions. With tho Sunday black Lucius naturally as sumed an airofgreatcrdignity. This is natural, and even praiseworthy. Man is a slave all the week ; on Sunday lie is free ; he goos to church as a voluntary act ; ho goes to his office or shop because lie must. Besides, on Sunday ho goos before tlic Lord of all, and will presently redress every injustice. This thought uplifts bis heart and straightens liis back. "I trust, Mr. Waller," he said, crossing tho .road, and looking with apprehension at his daughter, " that you go to church. Somo young men, I learn in chambers — wo in chambers learn a great deal of the outer world — are con spicuous, lamentably conspicuous, for tho neglect of that duty." Laurence replied briefly that at Sydney ho went to church regularly. He remarked that the manner of the littlo man betrayed a state of Sr?a' '.lervou.8 agitation. Ho naturally connoctcd this with Cassio's stormy looks. Tho girl, for lior part, at the appearance of hor father, turned her head away aud looked across the river. This gesture Laurence connected with a family row. . "My dear," said Lue'ii3, with apprehensive voico, "your sister i3 now drawing on hor glovos. You aro also ready, I hope, for tho . . . tho calm and tranquillity of church ?" Cassio made no reply. The wise man bows beforo the feminine mood ; Lucius did not press the question. Ho turned to Laurence instead. "To give moral support," ho said, endeavor ing tojissume a judicial calm, " to the establish ment is the duty of every good Englishman. It was my father's rule. For my own part, since tho official connection of my sister with tho church of St. Leonard lo Size, I have supported tho establishment by a weekly morning atton- dauso there. Tho congregations are scanty, but tho sermons appeal to tho reason. I hope, Mr. Waller, that wo may see you amongst us 3omo day." He walked away without appearing to notico liis daughter's defiant and rebellious attitude, delicately and carefully, as one who would not stain or spot his white silk stockings with the dust and mud of the road. Then Flavia come out, buttoning her gloves and accompanied by her brother. Slio was dressed, like Cossic, in her best bonnet and her Sunday frock. Thoy made Cassie look prettier, but thoy only made her look inoro prim and formal. Sompronius ran across the road. " Come along, Cass," he said. Cassio turned hor shoulder again. " Come, you've liad your flaro up," said tho horrid boy. " Tako and liaro done with it. What's the nso of being cross with Flavia ? She's done nothing." Cassio returned no reply. Then Flavia her self camo across. "Aro you going to St. Leonard's, Flavia?" Laurcuce asked. It will bo observed that he liad by this timo arrived at tho Christian name, which is a great step, and shows that confidence is firmly estab lished. If you spend most of your ovening3 with certain girls, and are yourself easy and sympathetic and ready to mako advances, it is not difficult to arrive quiokly at the Christian name. " No, Mr. Waller, wo are not going to St. Loonard's. Father goes bccanso ho makes himself believe that it is grand for Aunt Cornelia to be a pew opener. Wo don't ; we go to St. Saviour's. Como, C'as3io, if you aro going too', it is timo to start." Cassio shook hor head impatiently. " Well — but you needn't keep in a tem per." "Loavo her alone, Flavia," said Laurence. "Go on to church and wo will join you presently." " I've got to call for Altliea. You can follow if you like." . " If Miss Indaginc goes with you- — — " " Of course, " said Flavia, not lightly, but seriously, "if she is going you will go too." She walked away before Laurenco fully under stood what the, meaning of her words might be. But " tliey brought a slight suffusion to his check. Then tho bolls left off ringing and a sweet silence fell upon the Bank, All thoso who go to church. wcro by this timo within tho sacred walls. Those who do not go to church — it is said thoso unhappy persons aro in the majority —were lying in bod. Those who live in tho Liberty of the Clink and its vicinity mostly lio in bod all Sunday morning. Whether they go toclmrch in tho evouing or not is doubtful. Perhaps, in tho groat ugly barracks of Rod Cross- street, whero so many thousands are bestowed, there aro house or college chapels whero they hold services of prayer and praise. Otherwise one fears . Howovcr, Bank Side at tho hour of morning prayer is as quiet as if St. Saviour's was crammed and tho walls of all tho dissenting chapels wero bulging with prcssuro of worshippers. Laurence knooked out the ashes of his pipe. " Cassie, old chap," he said, " there's been a family row, I poreeivo." " It was all my fault," she burst out. " Oil ! I've got such a horrid temper. But I' didn't mean what I said. They ought to know that I didn't mean it. Oh, I'm so miscrablo that I don't know what I did say." " Come, you promised last night that you'd tell mo nil about it. Better tell me than fly in arago with your own people. They'vo done nothing, as Sempronius said." Slio filing her head aud made no reply. \- " Isn't it better to have it out with ma than to spoil their pleasure at homo ?" She was still silent. "I'm as hard as nails. Hit mo and hammer mo. I shan't mind. If you feel liko it, box my ears. Nobody's looking." Slio shook her bead. " Woll, then, if you won't tell mo anything, shall wo get up and go to church with the others V Butoliurchiii such aframo.of mind as this . . realty, Cassio." Tho girl had risen when he proposed to go to church. Now sho sat down again and burst iuto tears. " Tho air is fresh this morning, and tho sun is warm," said Laurenco. "It is, perhaps, hotter for 113 to bo licre than in church, par ticularly if you are going to talk to me. St. Paul's looks splendid in tho sunshine. If you como to think of it, there isn't a better placo for n quiet talk ill the wholo of London than B ink Sido 011 a fino summer morning, is there? Nobody to disturb us ; a placo to sit down upon ; a fino warm air ; and tho river at our feet." Cassio went on sobbing and crying, regardless of Wren's masterpiece and ungrateful for tho sunshine. " I don't know," Laurenco continued, unheed ing, " whether I don't prefer this sunshine to tho moonlight. Of course " Laurenco talked as if tho girl was in that mood for sympathetic listening which makes women who can command it bo dangerous to unprotected mail. "Of course, Cassio, I shall always think that tho sunset is tho finest timo for Bank Side, especially when two goddesses como down from Iloaven in a golden shell. Last night the moon was riding in great splendor over tho river, wasn't slio ? I mean when I came out at 10, and found you leaning over the wall and looking at it." Slio mado no reply j but sho left off orying and dried her eyes. "That is," ho explained, "you wore not i looking at it; yoa wore crying into tho rivet just as you aro doing now. Cassio, my child, you promised to tell me all about it— you know you did. You said you would toll mo this very morning ; whereas, on the contrary, instead of having it over first and crying over it after wards, you have been mixing up the proper order. You've sent your father to church all of a tremble, as they say, and you've bullied your inoffensive sister. Come, Cassio" (ho laid a fraternal hand on hers), "all tho week through you'vo been miserable, pretending to be jolly when you fancied a fellow was looking at you " "I thought, " said Cassio simply, "that you only had eyes for Althoa." "Why do yon think that?" Laurenco asked, a blush upon his manly check. " You aro always with her. You go out upon the river together; you walk with hor; yon spend your evenings with her at home ; you follow lier with your eyes " " Yes— yes— enough snid, Cassie." " How can anybody wonder?" "Anybody wonder?" lie echoed. "There isn't in the whole world," said Cassio loyally, "another snob a girl as Altliea." " I begin to bo quite certain that there isn't. In fact— I've been quite certain for somo little time. There, Cas3io— you have my secret; give me your own in exchange." " My own— my secret. Oh ! It is nothing. It is not worth telling." "You aro in trouble," he said. "Have vou told Flavia?" "No." "Nor Althea?" " No. I have told Aithen " sho paused. "I havo told Altliea — what was not tho truth." " Perhaps if you tell mo exactly what you told hor I shall bo able to reverse the statement and so get at tho truth." "I -cannot tell you. Oh!"— she burst into tears once more. "I am so miserable— so dreadfully unhappy. I wish I could die. I never thought I would bo so unhappy. And nobody can help— nobody— not even you— though you seem to bo helping everybody — Mr. Indaginc and all." " Cannot I help you too?" "No— no." . ' "I must guess then. Listen, Cassie, and tell mo if I am right. There was once a girl — a very pretty girl she was— very pretty indeed— liko you in that respeot." Cassie smiled through her tears— a weak, wan, December smile. " Sho lived just as you do in a— a— romantic house beside tho river far from tho usual haunts of people, so that she liad very few friends. Sho belonged, liko you, to a most respectable family. Her father, just like yonrs — was a lawyor — in tho higher branch — a barrister." "Father is a barrister's clerk," said Cassio. ; " Oh !" This was a blow even harder to bear than tho discovery of Cornelia's real relations with tho church. A barristcr'3 clerk 1 So ranch dignity ; such a carriage ; such conversation ; such an eighteenth-century manner— and only a clerk — a barrister's clerk 1 It seemed impos sible. Cornelia was in the church— a pew opener in the church. Lucius was in tho law— in the higher branch— a clerk in tho higher branch. Whero was the family greatness? There remained the prophetess. Ho would still have something from tho prophetess. "To be sure" — lie dissimulated the weight of tho blow — "I meant barrister's clerk. Like your father, I said, in the higher branch. That was tho point of similarity. In tho higher branch. As for respectability, this girl, liko yon, actually had a grandfather. Tho ghost of her grandfather— so great was their respecta bility — still lingered on the scene of liis former family happiness. At night ho sat upon the ohost of drawers in the best bedroom, and if any fellow smoked a pips in the room ho used to cough and say " Tcheehee 1 Tcheehoo ! You violato tho sanctity of the Academy." Castie looked uncertain whether she ought to laugh. Was it possible to laugh at her grand father— Vicesimus Cottle ? " In a street near theirs was a house to which a young man belonged" — Cassie here colored violently — "a dark haired young man— a very remarkablo young man to look at— he liad a clever face, with very bright black eyes. And the young man cast eyes of admiration upon this pretty girl dud presently told her that ho loved her — that he loved her," Laurenco re peated. "So far it is a beautiful story, becauso the girl bogantolovo him in return and to think about him a great deal — I dar j say all day and night. Then he gave hor presents, just to mark his love, and promised fidelity, and went away. He was abroad — how long ?" " Six months," Cassie murmured. ' " Ho was absent for six months. Then he camo back to London and got an appointment and did something fine which made people talk of him and expect great things of him. So that tho girl grow prouder of him every day." " Every day," Cassie murmured. "And ho seemed to love hor as much as over." "At first, as much as over," sho repeated. " Which, of course, was not to be wondered nt, because she was a girl so pretty and so gcio l. Ho wrote her beautiful letters, not only whilo lie was away, but also after he camo homo." " Oh I he did— ho did — tho most beautiful lottors' yon can imagine." "Anu then — then," Laurence hositaied, "he grew less affectionate. Gradually. Sho did not observe it at first— by degrees." "No— no — no," Cassio cried, "it was not by degrees ; it was suddenly. Oh ! tlioro was no sign of any change. It was all of a sudden— without any warning at all. Ho loved mo in the evening and in tlio moming ho loved ino no longer. What had I done— what bad I done — to mako such a ohango ?" "Nothing at all." "In tho evening lie hold my band in his and kissed mo and wouldn't lot me go, and tho next day lie wrote mo a cruel dreadful letter, saying that it was all a mistako, and as for love, lio found he had been quito wrong, be- causo ho did not love mo at all. That was a weok ago. Now you know why I havo looked miserable. And oh ! oh ! Mr. Waller, what could I havo done or said to break otf ail his love for mo iu a single moment?" " Nothing at all," ho said a second time. " He did love mo — I saw it in Ids eyes— I felt it when lie touched me. How rail a man love a girl in the evening and hato Iter in tho morning?" " He cannot," said Laurence. "Could anyone have told him anything ? But tliero_ was nothing to toll. And I havo no cnoniics. If we havo no frionds, wo havo no enemies. There is not a singlo porson who would do mo a misoliief — I am certain thoro is not." " No ono has done you a misoliief, oxcopt tho man himself, Cassio. " Oil, I am so miserable. I cannot toll any body. I am afraid to toll Flavia. No ono can help mo. It is so shameful— so dreadful — to bo thrown away liko a- thing you ' want no more. And ho will never — never — never lovo me again." "If I were you," said Laurence, "since the man has acted liko a blackguard" — tho girl wincod as if sho had been struck with a whip— "a blackguard, I Bay, — best face tho truth— I would put him out' of my mind altogether." Tliis he said, ignorant of woman's heart. " I cannot — oh 1 I cannot. And ploaso don't call him hard names. It hurts me even that you should think hardly of him. Though ho will never lovo me again — never — never — never." Laurence looked across the river with great determination, trying to fix liis eyes — which were a little hazy, no doubt, with tho freshness of tho breeze — on the golden vnne of St Paul's. "My dear child," ho said presently, "I guessed what was going on. As for tho reason —there can be but one. Has Oliver transferred his valuable affections to someone else?" lie remembered the comedietta seen on tho bridge. "Has he told the same tale to another girl?" " No — no. Ho thinks of nothing but his Laboratory and his science. He only told mo —oh 1 it was cruel — but I could console mysolf with I cannot say it." "Was it with me, Cassie? That was — bad form" — iiis faco betrayed a stronger p!l rase. Very bad form indeed. Poor littlo girl ! I am very sorry. If you think that lio was jealous " "No— no — no. Ho was not jealous. Nobody could be jealous when you only havo oyos for Althoa." " What did you tell Althea ?" "She suspected something— I don't know why"— lovers are exactly like the fabled bird of the desert who hides his head in the sand and thinks himself invisible—" and she naked me, and I told her a falsehood. I said that nothing had passed been Oliver and me." " Does no one know at home?" She shook iier bead. There had been no signs, of course— nothing at all— which should make hor sister suspect. No walks with Oliver in tho evening ; no tell-tale glances ; no blushes ; and now no tears and misery. Of course no one suspected and no one knew. I suppose that Laurenco was tooyoungandinox- pericnccd to know how great a disaster had fallen upon this unfortunate damsel. If a woman throws over her lover lie recovers in time from his rage and disappointment and discovers that there are other women in the woild quite as good as the one who was refused him. It is only in novels that a man hurls himself to the devil because a woman throws him over. Nor indeed, in a similar position, does a woman die of a broken heart. She lives. But she is wounded and the scars do not heal. Sho never finds another completely to take tho place of tho ono who had deserted her. Slio promised herself to him ; sho gave him her heart ; she showed to him the secrets of her soul ; she took tho image and thought of him into her mind, thinking that thoy would dwell there all her life ; sho loved tho man, apart from the accidents of liis comeliness, his strength, his genius, liis reputation ; lie was the one man in all the world to hor ; whatever he might do, whether he should succeed or whether lie should fail, mattered only to hor so far as it should mako him happy or miserable; it was enough for her that the man loved her ; for her he was white and ruddy, the chiefest among ten thousand ; his head as the most- fine gold ; liis mouth most sweet ; yea. altogether lovely, 0 daughters of Jerusalem ! To a woman there is no misery in tho world mora dreadful ; there is no blow of fato more bitter ; than tho los3 of hor lover. Ho loves hor no more ; then slio is no longer beautiful, no longer sweet ; her very self- respect is torn from her ; all iior future — tho splendid sunlit mist which wraps the future of a girl who has a lover— is destroyed ; she is no longer one of the happy procession which walks two by two; yet sho has left the crowd of maidens who wait together for their lovers ; and slio must now walk alone. Alas ! poor Cassie 1 Laurence began to whisper sucli words of con solation as he could find. What words ? Wlint consolation ? The girl wa3 bereaved. In bereavement who can console? The art of consolation has not yot been discovered. No thing can console, unless it bo forgetfulnoss ; wherefore the bottle, in some cases— but this is elementary. We look for an amestiictic of the heart under which wo shall suffer bereavement without pain and lie sleeping till the sharpness and agony aro overpass. " I cannot bear it," cric3th? widow. "Then, madam," says the physician, " what will you do ?" "He has left me; he loves me no longer ; I cannot bear it," said Cassie. "Then, child," said Laurence, " what will you do ?" Well ; but only to cry out is something; to toll somebody else i3 a relief ; to weep in solitude is to sheet tears of r.ago and despair. If anybody will explain why Cassio found n greater relief in confessing to a brand new friend, and that a young man, than in confessing to her old friend Altliea or to her sister ho will throw fresh light upon tho female character. They sat together on the shabby old bench among tbo b.arge3 and the heap3 of scrap iron and tfic cranes. Laurence told stories, all out of his own head, concerning tho folly of girls who continue to th'ink of men after they havo proved themselves worthless ; how their youth is wasted in melancholy aii.l their age consumed by regrets ; and of the wickedness of loving men who do not deserve that supreme gift, and how to youth such love brings no happiness and to ago it brings repentance. No one would believe that so young a nun could be so oloqnont on such n theme. Hard it is upen the historian that ho caunot spare tho space for so admirable a discourso. Unhappily it produce 1 no offeot — not the least in the world. Cassis loved this man : it is tho way of a woman. Solomon himself could not understand it ; and it was too wonderful even for Agar the sou of Jakcd. She loved the mm whether he was worthless or not. She would gladly have arisen to go forth with him to tho ends of the world, oven if ho went on getting worse and worse. Sho would lovo him and be unhappy— yot loss unhappy than if she had been separated from liirn. Therefore, Laurence spoke as ono that beateth the air. Then ho changed his lino and spoko of timo — time the licalcr. Ho called it time tho healer. It is a very old commonplace, and it is not at all trtio, Time, cannot heal anything. Timo can only dostroy. Time destroys regrets and rcmem- braneo and kindliness and affection ; just as the dentist deadens the nerve. Time at last des troys tho soars— when he destroys tho frame itself. While Laurence discoursed an imago crew up in the girl's mind which soothed if it did not consolohcr; it was suggested by the mention of time as a physician ; sho figured herself, in the distant future, a sad aud interesting crea ture; baunddown with tho wcightof thatonosor- row; she thought she should never be able to lose that sorrow ; she saw herself nursing horgriof ; sho saw her own drooping frame and heavy head — and tho thopght of the misery to oome con soled the misery of the present.. About 1L 33 tho poot came forth in liis brown Velvet jaokct and his felt - hat. Bat his head was lifted proudly and his shoul ders wore no longer bowod ; in imagination ho wasstmidingalohoin thocentroof the world, with tho eyes of a boundless multitude upon him ; a multitude) comnosoJ of evorv race who sneak tho Saxon tongue ; thoy gazed upon him.pointod at liiin, and applaiulod him. Laurenco, to whom ho kindly noddod, was but ono of this crowd. lie walked through a iano of imaginary admirers with firm 3top and countenance un moved till ho camo to tlio Bridge Stairs. Then ho loft tlio bank and was joined on tlio briilgo by tlio Chovalier, with whom lie walked every Sunday morning nftor this official had peeled tho potatoes and takon tlio Sunday dinner to the bakehouse. When St. Paul's struck 12.15 Cassio got up, and said sho would go to meet thorn oomiug out of church. Sho led Laurence to tlio end of Lank-street, where once stood the noble House of Winchester, thougli the street is called aftcc the ancient Clink. It is the narrowest and the deepest street in tho whole of London ; it is liko a long mine underground, or a deep and dark canon in the rook ; bridges cross it ; ware houses rise on cither baud ; if a cart comes along tlio passenger must turn and fly ; if two carts moot ono must bo backed out. There is a damp and sour smell in it, which never leaves tho street oven on tlio Sunday. Close to the end of it is the ancient port of St. Mary Overy 's beside which stood tho little chapel before the Normans came and mado their groat monastery and built St. Saviour's Church. On Sunday they have swept up and cleaned the market place in front of tlio church, but there still lingers in the air tho fragrance of crushed cabbage stalks, bruised onions, pea- shucks, decaying apples and the like. But the place is quiet. Cassie went to tho south door leading into tho church, and they waited beside the monument of the illustrious Lockyor — tho man of the Pill — until tho othcra should come out. "Have I said anything — anything at all, Cassio, to comfort aud to help yon ?" "No," she replied, truthfully, "nothing. But you aro kind. If I had not told some one I think I must have gone mad." ' ' Won't yon tell Althea ?" " Oh, no, no ! I want to tell no ono. Let it all be forgotten. Hush 1 there is the organ. They will come out now." Then the scanty congregation came out of the church ; Althea and Fiavia by the steps which led from the now nave to the ancient transept ; and thoy walked iiomo together— Laurence be side Flavia, Cassio with Altliea— through tho narrow and winding ways. By this time the gentlemen of Red Crossstrect were up and dressed and collecting in tlio street against .tho opening of the houses, so that the beauty of the day seemed gone. But Cassie was tranquil again, the first paroxysm of impatience over. Flavia observed this result and glanced anxiously at the face of her companion, not daring to ask what he had been told. The faco was graver than was customary on account of .this commu nication. She thought it was because Laurence was considering what was best to be done — having by this timo perfect confidence in hi3 power to do something. It was in the nature of this young man to inspire vast confidence. Something ! It i3 tho word which Hope always whispers in the ear— fond, foolish, sympathetic Hope ! You have lo3t your place ; there is only a month or so between yourself and star vation. Hope whispers, " Something will turn up. Be of good cheer." You are ruined. " Heart up," says Hope, " something will hap pen." Your disease grows worse; your ease is well- nigh desperate. "Courage," saj-3 Hope. "Something will be found for you. That is not tho wing of Azracl. It is the guardian angel who brings yon health." But Laurence was not thinking what should be done. In such a case nothing can bo done. The exhibition of tho common cow-hide would only make the offender hate the girl with a more bitter hatred. Nothing could be done. But lie was wondering what Oliver meant by it. Al ways lie saw before him that littlo drama that was played below the bridge ; and liis faco har dened and his cyea glared only to think that Althea — Altliea — Althea — should be wooed by tbi3 young expounder of tho latest anil the worst philosophy — tho most despairing and the most destructive. 