A CURIOUS GHOST STORY. Many gruesome associations aro attached to tho corner of Aliporo . Gaol, whore aro situated tho scaffold and tho dead-houso, tho roqf of tlio lattor forming the platform of tho former. On tho gallows three culprits can be hanged at a time. When the bodies have keen suspended for tho prescribed period, they are lowered on to tho mortuary tablo. beneath, and after the inquest, if claimed by relatives, aro passed outside tho prison walls through an iron door on a level with tho table. Those who know, something of the natives of India will not be surprised- to. learn that no warders can bo got to patrol at this spot at niclit time; double guards have to be placed on duty hero after dark. What increases the difficulty in this matter is the fact, well known throughout the gaol that tho place possesses its ghost story. Hero is tlio talo as it was narrated tq a correspondent of tho Times of India Salieb Den Dhobey was a prison offioiul of proved courage and magnificent physique, who was brought from Jessore to Alipore to tako tho place of head warder. It was his duty to visit tho patrols botwoon tho surrounding walls every liiorningbetwoen thehoursof 12and2. On ono occasion, after he had been only a few days in the gaol, lie set out on his rounds as usual, but some time after 2 a.m. it was found that lie hud not returned. Time wore on, uind at last mere wondering' why ho was so. ldte gave place to aiixiety, and a search party was organised. ' They carried torches, and at last camo upon the insensible ' form of Saheb Den Dhobey. He was lying prostrate on the ground, close to the hospital gate, which is situated about 150 yards distant from the gallows. The unfortunate man was carried to tho official's quarters, and there, after a time, by tho application of water and other restoratives he was brought round. The following was tho story ho had to tell : — He had been going his rounds, and had stooped down to adjust ono of his shoes, when he felt someone spring upon him from behind and commence belaboring htm betweon his shoulders. The concussion forced him on to his hands and knees, and lie at first thought that it was a prisoner trying to cscapo. Not very much alarmed, for he had confidence in his great physical prowess, he tried to grasp hia assailant by putting ono arm behind his back, but he could feel nothing ; yet tho blows continued to rain down upon him, and ho felt hiinsolf pressed down to tho earth by a great weight. At last a voice addressed him,' " You dare come here, do you, to defilo by your presence the territories of Govind Brahmin ? " And with that the man felt himself lifted bodily up, - and then dashed face forwards on to the ground. He remembered no more till he awoko to consciousness in the guardroom. Whan Saleb Don Dhobey had finished this strango story the aged head-warder, who was about to retire, came up and put the ques tion : " What iB this that is being said about'Goviud Brahmin?" ThiB led to'ex-; plauations", and the old warder told how a noted budmnsh of that name, who had com mitted several cold-blooded murders, liad been hanged in Alipore gaol 20 years be fore. " But," pointed out one of the audi tors, " Salieb Den Dhobey was attacked a good distance from the gallows. We found him close to tho hospital gate." "Ah?" replied the old man impressively, "tho scaffold in those days stood on the very spot where you found the prostrate body of Saheb Den Dhobey." The latter listened witli blanched face to this talo; then he threw himself back on the conch on which he lay. " My hour has come," he said. "It must have been the spirit of Govind Brahmin that attacked and beat me. _ My heart is broken. It is certain I must die." Aud dio he did in two days' time. Such is the ghost story of Alipore Gaol, and it is needless to say that it is devoutly believed in by every prisoner and warder in tho place. The actual facts do not differ materially from those sot forth in tho story. Howover, a post-mortem exami nation showed that Saheb Den Dhobey had died of cercbrospinal-mcningitis, a disease that may strike down the strongest man in a moment. It is not un- frequontly met with in prisons, barracks, emigrant vessels, and othor places where men are crowded together, often under dc- pressmg-circnmstanccs.' Tho beating on the shoulders complained' of by the unfortunate head-warder can also he explained, for since his tragic death a prisoner had died in Alipore Gaol of the same disoase, and he complained of a precisely similar sensation. Therefore, the ghost story of Alipore prison is not one tho members of the Psychical Society at home need bother their heads about. ' 