THE DAY WILL COME. [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved.] CHAPTER XIV.—(Continued). BY. M. B. BRADDON. Author of "Lady Audley'a Secret," Vixen," "[?]UuKd, "Lake and Unlike," "The Fatal Three," &c;, &c;, The next day was Sunday, and Theodore employed that day of rest in travelling by a very slow train to Bowness, where be arrived at [?] o'clock in the evening, to find mountain and lake hidden in densest gray, and an inn keeper who seemed neither to desire ncr de ceive visitors; Happily the traveller was of the age at which dinner is not a vital question, and lie hardly knew the toughness of the steak cr the inferior quality of the codfish Bet bsfare tim in the 'desolate coffee room. He had a diamond Virgil in hie pocket, and he -?fc by the fire reading the sixth book by the paraffia lamp till ten o'clock, and then went con tentedly to a bedroom which suggested ghosts or at least night-mare. No deadly visions troubled him, however, for the alow train bad brought about a condi tion of abject weariness which resulted in dreanles? slumbers. The sun shone into bis hWfc bed-chamber when he awoke next morn ing, and the lake stretched beneath /his windows shining, silvery, melting dimly into the gray of the opposite shore. The mountains were Bulking still, and only showed their ragged crests above dark rolling clouds; but the scene was an improvement upon the stony vista and distant glimpse of a murky Tbajnee ?c seen from Fenet Oourt, His landlord greeted him in a more cheerful spirit upon Monday morning than he bad evinced on Sunday evening when hii after dinaer lethargy was rudely disturbed by a guest whose basinets- like air and email Glad stone bag did not promise much profit; a visitor who would want a dinner oS the joint, mott likely, and a half crown breakfast; a visitor whose libations would be limited to Utter beer and an occasional whisky and soda. Snch a guest in a house that was oesinning to hibernate, was a harden rather than a boon. This morning, however, the landlord was reconciled to hia solitary customer, having told his wife that after aU "little fish are sweet," and he went blithely to order the dogcart— his own cart and own man—ostler in the season, coachman, or anything you please out of the seatou—to drive Mr. Dalbrook to Kettis ford Vicange, a nine mile journey. It was a pretty, old, out-of-the-way nook— half bidden in a deft of the hills-at which Theo dore arrived a few minutes after noon; a little old-fashioned wodd forgotten village, and a ejnwG?jr eld grey rtoae bouse, covered with Virginia creeper, passion flower, and the feathery leafage of the trumpet ash; a long low bouse with heavily thatched roof, projecting cvct its upper casements; a sleepy-looking old bouse in a still sleepier jgarden, so re mote and so sheltered that winter bad for gotten to come there; 'and the great yellow rases were still blooming on the waU, fattened toy the misty atmosphere of the adjacent lake, glorified by the untainted air. November was fifrjf over* yet here tfw only signs of autumn were the grey eky and the crimson glow of the Virginia creeper. Tie vicar of Eettisford was one of those privileged persons who can speak with their yjnnnjwi at the gate, assured of being backed np in their speech by a family contingent. The vicarage bad an air of overflowing with young life from the very threshold of the hall, where cricket bats, a tricycle, a row of well osed tennis rackets* a atupend9os array of bate, overcoats, and comforters, testified to the quiverful so esteemed in ***** patriarchal ago. A conscientious performer was po&nding; at the Harmonious Blacksmith upon a wiry piano near at hand, having left the door wide open, with the indecent disregard of other people peculiar to juvenile performers upon all binds of inatennwnta. From *frp other side of the f^n came the twanging Of an ecraally wiry guitar, upon which girlish fingers and for. ever rfco i|niinaflf}f tfl a ffpapi w* ""^^"y. wbioh the {performer was striving to attain by that agonising pmc<— wtp yTTg ladies as "^picking up" an air. Bee what the learned and reverend Haweii baa to Bay upon this art ofpkying by ear! from a remoter room came yonne voices and young laughter; and amidst all these rounds it was hardly surprising that Mr. Dalbrook had to ring three times, ana to wait in front of the open hall doer for at least ten minutes, before •n eMetfa/ toajeniidirttponded to bis sum mons asta ashorod him into the vicar's study, the one room m the vicarage whicb -was ever fit to receive a visitor. The vicar was reading a tewspaper in front of a comfortable fire. He was an elderly man, of genial and even Jovial aspect, and be re ceivtd Mr. Dalbrookfe apologetic account of himself and hn trasinen win perfect good humor. *' Yea want to we Miss Newton, my dear sir. lam sorrytotell yon she left us nearly two years ago—heartily sorry, for Sarah Newton is a very worthy woman, and a jewel of price in a motherless family Kks mine," eaid the vicar. "I regret that yon should have come each a long way to find her whan, bad you written to me, I could have* told you where to look for ber in London." **Y«t? it was a mistake to come so far without iwalnng prefimmary wiQ^uiries—^jnly, as sfce had not applied to her usual agent lot a now vtaatkm I concluded that she was still under jenr taof." •'Ske has hot gone into a new situation, Mr. Dalbrook. She was too much valued in this nonce to wish to change to anotheremployment, aMboMfa. the might have lived more luxuriously and done Libs work elsewhere, Bhe was a mntber to my g^ls—ay, and to my boys as well \--white sbewae with us; awl ehe only left us wben the made op net mind to live an inde pendent lire." •'She has left off teaching awn, I conclude?" "Yes. Bhe had a little bit of money left her fay a bachelor nude, safely invested in railway stock, and yielding about two hundred a year. This, with her own savings, made nor an inde pendent woman, and she made up her mutdto realise ber own ideal of a useful life—an ideal which bad been developing in ber mind for a good many yean—a fife which was to be serviceable to often, and yet pleasant to her self." " Do job. mean that ehe joined some aster boon!" "No,no, Mr. Dalbrook, Sarah Newton is mncb too fond of her own way, much too inde pendent and fiery a spirit to place faeaelf in a position where «ther people would think for hex, and where she would ne obliged to obey. She told me ber plan of life very frankly. <I have about two hundred and sixty pounds a year,'she mid, *I can live comfortably upon half of that aSoaey, if I live after a plan of my own; and X can do a irreat deal of good with the other half if Idoitin my own way. lam elderly and plain. If I were to live amongst Mi^pi gentilities I should be a nobody, and in *H ptombOity I should be considered a bore. I (Sail take a lodging in a poor neighbor- Juiod, famish it wife the uttermost comfort, treat myself to a good piano, and collect my little library book by book from the second band book shops. I shall spend half my days in going qoktiy about among the poor youitg women of the dutncU I ought to know wbat girls are after nearly forty yean' teaching ana maaagfi& the specie*, and I shall spend naif my income in doing as much good to them aa I can in my own unorthodox way.' I knew the good that brave little ssul had done in Bus parish in ber quiet unpretentious fashion, and I felt no doubt she would carry out tor plan." "Haveycn seen her since ehe left you V "Yet, I went to see her last June when I bad a fortnight's holiday in London. I found ber in a shabby old bouse in Lambeath not very far from St. Thomas's Hospital; bet dingy as the house looked oatuida our good Sally's apartments wen the picture of comfort. I found her aa happy ac a bird. Her plan of life bad answered her "highest expectations. 'My friends are legion,' she said, 'but I iiavent a single genblity among them.' Sally is • desperate Radical, you must know." "Will yon give me ber address, that I m?y write ana ask bar permission to call upon nerf " You shall nave the address, but I doubt if she will feel disposed to receive you. She will count you among the gentilities." " I mast try my chance at any rate. I want ber to give me tome light upon the history of one of her earliest pupils. Did you ever hear ber talk of Gheriton Gbate and the Stzangway family?' "My dear sir, I have beard ber talk of any tuoKfier of places and any number of people- I need to tell ber she must be a female Methuselah to have passed through so many cxptiie?cee. She was very fond of telling stories of the families in which she had lired. tut though I used to listen I nmcmfrw very KttfefttafiuUfaem. My girb weald remember better I bare no doubt. They can give you chapter and verse I daresay; bo the best thing yen can do is to eat your luncheon with tis, and thea yen «an ask them as many questions as you like." Theodore aoepted the offer with gratitude, andtensMWfcesatterwari?followed tie vicar istotbe anuag-seam, •bore three tall, good looking girls and two ataagglrqg youths were assembled, and where a fourth jttrL and "SSf*^.*!^ * •*« ac «w were «Bated. Stebaard«aa«pread with a plenteous Tte «kb were evidently accustomed to droppers m, and received Xhecdore with per feet equanimity. Alicia, the eUast, carved the beef with a ees??sandixig wrist, and the tfcird daughter, Xaott, •dmao?toed to Ms appetite with pickled wabjcls a*d ma ill ad potatoes. The fills wee fcj) keenlj a4W«t-?J be tpekeef MitsNewtoo. They prencunted her a dear old thing, net a tit like a governess. "We all loved her," said Alicia j " and we are not the eaeieet girie to gel on with, I can aseore you. We have had two poor things since Sally deserted us, and we neve driven them both away. And now we are enjoying an interregnum, and we hope the dear father will make it a lone one." " Did you ever bear your governess talk of the Slraugways V i "What, Evelyn Strangway; cf Cheriton ! Chase ? I should think we did, indeed," cried Laura, "She bad a good many prosy stories ! —chesnute, we used to call them—but the Oheriton Chase stories were the most ches nutty. It was her first situation, and she waa never tired of talking about it." " Do you know if the kept np her acquaint ance with Miss Strangway in after life V aeked Theodore. , "I thick not, at any rate ehe never talked about that. She knew something about the poor girl's later life—something very bad, I think—for ehe would never tell us. She tried to wgh and look very unhappy if the subject was touched upon; and she treed to warn us against runaway matcbe*. As if any of us would be likely to run away from this dear old father V protested Laura, leaning over the table to pat the vicar's cjat sleeve. ** Why he would let us marry chimney sweeps rather than see ub unhappy." There was a good deal more talk about Sarah Newton, her virtues and her little peculiarities, but nothin? bearing npon Theodore's business, so he only stayed till luncheon wa? finished, and then wished the amiable vicar and bis family a friendly good-bye, offering to be of nee to them in London at any time they might want Eome small business transacted there, and begging the vicar to look him up at his cham bers when be took his next holiday. 11 Yon may rely upon it, I shall take yon at yonr word," Eaid the parson cheerily. " You've , no idea what a gay old dog I am when I am in town—the theatre every night, and a little bit of supper afterwards. I generally take one of my lads with me though, to keep me out of mischief. Good bye, and mind you don't fall in love with Sally Newton. She's old and ugly, but she's one of the most fascinating women I know." Theodore drove off in the dog-cart with all ! the vicarage family at the gate waving their hands to him, bb if he had been an old friend, and with four vicarage dogs barking at him. He went back to London that night, wrote to MiBB Newton, asking leave to call upon her upon a matter relating to one of her old pupils on the following day. He should take silence to mean consent, and would be with her at four in the afternoon, if he did not receive a tele gram to forbid him. He worked in hi? chambers all the morning, and at a little after three set out to walk to Lambeth. The address was 51, Wedgewood street, near the Lambeth-road. It was not a long walk, and it was not a pleasant one, for a seasonable fog was gathering when Theodore left the Temple, and it thickened as he crossed Westminster Bridge, where the newly-lighted lamps made patches of yellow light in the dull brown atmosphere. Under these conditions it took him some time to find Wedgewood street, and that particular home which had the honor of sheltering Sarah Newton, It was a very shabby oil street, the shops were of the meanest order, and the houses which were not shops looked as if they were mostly let «ff to the struggling class of lodgers, but it was a street that had evidently seen better days, for the houses were large and sub stantially buQt, and the doorways bad once been handsome and architectural — bouses which had been the houses of prosperous citizens when Lambeth was out of town, and when the perfume of bean blos3om and new mown bay found its way into Wedgewood- Btrcet, The ground-floor of Number 51 wan occu pied by a shoemaker, who bad turned his parlor into a shop, who made to measure, but was not above executing repairs neatly. The front door being open Theodore walked?bnight upstairs to the first floor landing, where there was a neat little crockery ware oil-lamp burning on a little Swiss bracket, and where he saw Miss Newton's name painted in bold black letters npon a terracotta colored door. The ttairs were cleaner than they generally are in euch a house, and the landing was spotless, He rang a bell, and the door was promptly opened by a lady whom he took to be Miss Newton. She was rather below middle height, strongly built, but of a neat, compact figure. She was decidedly plain, and her iron grey bur was coarse ana wiry; but ehe bad large bright- eyes which baasoed with good nature and intelligenoe. Her black stuff gown and narrow linen collar, the knot of scarlet ribbon at ber throat, and the linen cuffs turned back over perfectly-fitting sleeves, were all the par fection of neatness, and suited her a* bo other . kind of dress would have done. The trim seat < figure, the bright eyes, and she email white bands made a favorable impression upon. Theodore, in spite of the lady's homelines? of ; feature and complexion. • "Walk in, Mr. Dalbrook," she said cheerily, j *' Fray come and Bit by the fire, yon most toe , chilled to the bone after coming through that torrid fog. Ah, bow I hate fog. It is the' pceurge of the London -poor, and it soatetinuM kills eren the rich. Aid now we are only at; tte beginning of the evil, and there is the long ■ • inter before us." : " Yes, it is very bad, no doubt, but you do j not look as if the fog could do you much harm, Mice Newton." { "No, it won't hurt me. I'm a hardy old plant, and I contrive to make myself comfort able at all seasons.'' ; "Yon do, indeed," he answered, glancing round Jthe room. "I had no idea " "That anybody could be co comfortable in Lambeth," ehe eaid, interpreting his thoughts. "No, people think they must pay for what they call 'a good situation.' Poor ranched widows and shabby spinsters spend more than half their income on rent and taxes, and starve on the other half, in order to live in a genteel locality— some dingy little Btreet in Pimn'co perhaps, or a stucco terrace in Kensington. Here ami with two fine large rooms in a forgotten old street, which was built before tbe age of ehoddy. I live among poor people, and am not obliged to sacrifice a sixpence for the sake of appearances. I buy everything in the cheapest market, and my neighbors look up to me, instead of looking down upon me, as they might if I lived among gentilities. You will say, perhaps, that I live in the midst of dirt and squalor. If Ido I take care that none of it ever comes near me, and I do all that one woman's voice and one woman's pen can do to lessen the evils that I see about me," "It would be a good thing for poor neighbor hoods if there were many ladies of your mind, lilies Newton," said Theodore, basking in the glow of the fire, and lookily lazily round the the room, with its two well-filled bookcases, its brackets and shelves, and banging pockets, its large oldfaehioned sofa and substantial claw-footed table, its cheap basket chairs, cushioned with bright colors—its lamps and candlesticks on shelf and bracket, ready to the band when extra light should be wanted, its contrivances andhandinesses of all kinds, which denoted the womanly inventiveness of ttl^ tenant. "Well, I .believe it would—if only a small percentage of the lonely spinsters of England would make their abode among tbe poor, things would have to be mended somehow. There could not be such •crying evils as there are if there i were more eyes to see them, and more voices to protest against them. You like this old room of minej I see, Mr. Dalbrook," added Sarah Xewton, following his eyes as they surveyed tbe dark red wall against which the brackets, and shelves, and books,- and photographs, and bits of old [china stood out in bright relief. " I am full of admiration and surprise!" "It is all my own work. I had lived in other people's houses so long that I was charmed to have a borne of my own, even in Lambeth. I was determined to spend very little money, and yet to make myself comfort able, so I just squatted in the next room for tbe first three months, with only a bedstead, a table, and a chair or two, while I prowled all over London to find juet the furniture I wanted. There's not an article in the room that did not take me weeks to find and to bay, and there's not an article that wasn't a tre sreDdous bargain—but what an egotistical old prattler I am. Women who live much alone get to be dreadful prosers—l won't cay another word about myeelf—at any rate not till after I've made you a cup of tea after your cold walk," Ste bad seen the mv:d upon his boots acd guetfed that he bad walked from the Temple. " Pray do not take any trouble " "Xonsen?e; it is never a trouble to a « cman to make tea. I give a tea party twice a wet k. I hope you like tea V "I adcre it; bnt fray go on with yourac ccur>t of how yon tettied down here. lam wairaly interested." '' TLal'e very good of you—bnt there's not xcuch to tell about myeelf," said Miss Newtoo. producing some pretty old china out of sn antique cupboard with glass doors, and eettiag iut a little brass tea tray while ehe talked. There was & email copter kettle einging on the ', old fashioned hob, and there was a covered dish of toast in the capacious fender. Miss Newton's dinners were ever of the slightest, but she was a sybarite as to her tea, No cheap and powdery mixture; no "inferior Dosset" for bet. She rcade her brew with a dainty precision which Theodore admired, while she went on talking, "Do you like the color of the walls ? Ye?. I painted them. And you like that pattern on the ceiling ? I papered it. lam rather a dab at carpentering, too, and I put np all those shelves and brackets, and I covered the chairs and stained tbe boards retrod that old Turkey carpet; and then, after a day's hard work, it was very pleasant to go and stroll about among tbe bookshops of an evening and pick tip a volume here and there till I got all my old friende about me. I felt like Eiia ; only I had no Bridget to cbare asy pleairaree." She Eebtea herself opposite to him with a '. * ttfeer-tfcUe in best cf tor, fcsd began tc potu c nt the tea, He wondered to nod him&eif; as much at home with bet as it be had known ber all hit life. "It is very good of you to receive me co cordially,"besaid, presently. "I feel that I come to you as an unauthorised intruder." "Odd you guess why I was willing to receive yon ?' she asked, looking at him intently and with a eudden gravity. " Oan yon guess why I didn't telegraph to forbid yonr coming ?' '-'Indeed, no, except because yon are naturally kind."' "My kindness had nothing to do with it. I was willing to see yon because of year name. It is a very familiar name to me—Dalbrook, the name of the man who bought the bouse in which she was born. Poor soul, how she must have bated him, in her desolate after years— how she must have hatei the race that ousted her from the home she loved." *< You are talking of Evelyn Strangway!" " Yes, she vm my first pupil, and I-was very fond of her—all the fonder of her, perhaps, because she was wayward and difficult to manfige ; and because X wae mnob too youpg and inexperienced to exercise any authority over her." "It is «f her I want to talk to you if yon will allow me." *'Certainly i I like talkiner of those old daft when I was * girl. I jdent suppose I was pMticolarly nappy at Cheriton Chase; but I was young, and we most of us hog that delusion, and believe we were happy in our youth. Poor Evelyn—so often in disgrace— co often unhappy, from the very dawn of girl hood. What reason can you have for being curious about ber?" "I have a very ettonff reason, though I cannot explain it yet awhile. I have set myeelf to discover the history of that banished race." "After the angel with the flaming eword stood at the gate—that is to say, after Mr. Dalbrook bought the property, Bythe-bye, what are you to Lord Cberiton? His eon, perhaps V " No, I am only a second cousin." "bit on hi? account you axe making these enquiries ?" " He is not even aware that I am making them." "Indeed, and pray how did you find ma out ? My tea- parties are not recorded in the society papers. I have never figured among • Celebrities at Home.'" "I took some pains to find yon," said Theodore, and then he told ber of his visits to the agencies, and hi? journey to the vicarage in Lakeland. " You have taken infinite trouble, and for so email a result. I can Rive you very little in formation about Evelyn Strangway—after wards Mrs. Darcy.", " Did you lose sight of her after you left Oheriton ?" " Yes, for a long time. It was yean before we met again; but she wrote to me several times from Lausanne, during the first [year of her bankhment, poor child; doleful letters, complaining bitterly of her father's cruelty in keeping her a way from ber beloved Gheriton — the horses and dogs, the life ehe loved. Bchocl she detested. She was clever, but she bad no taste for intellectual pursuits. She eooa wearied of the lake and themountains, and the humdrum society of a small town. Sne wrote of herself as a galley-slave. Then came a end den change, and che began to write about him. Yon don't know the way a girl writes about him; the first him she has ever thought worthy to be written about. Her tone was light enough at the beginning. She had met a young Irishman at a little evening party, and they had laughed together at Lausanne society. Be was an officer, on fetrlaugh, fall of wit and fun. I need not go into details, I saw ber danger, and warned her; I reminded her that her father would never allow her to marry a subaltern in a marching regiment, and thatsuchamarriagewouldmean?t?rvation. Her father could give her nothing; it was incum bent on her to marry well, and with her attrac tions she had only to wait for a good o&er;, It would inevitably come in doe time." "She was handsome, I suppose? I know her face in the picture at Oheriton, My cousin bonitht all the old portraits." "She was much handeamer titan the picture. That was painted when she was only 15, but at 17 her beauty had developed, and she was one of the most brilliant blondes I ever?w. Well, I suppose you know how useless my advice was. She ran away with ber Irish ensign, and I heard no more of her for nearly four years, when I met her one afternoon in the Strand, and she took me home to ber lodging in Cecil street and gave me some tea. It was in Octo ber, and I stayed with her till dark, and then ehe insisted on seeing me off in the omnibus to Havtretock bill, where I was then living in an atti?t'e family. The lodgings were shabby, and the was shabbily dressed. She was as band tome as ever, but she looked worried and un happy. Her husband had sold out of the army, and had a position as secretory to a West-End dub. " She told me that they would have been pretty well off but for hi? extravagance. He was getting four hundred a year, and they had no children. She complained taut it was her fate to be allied with spendthrifts. Her father had squandered his fortune, and her husband's improvident habite kept her in continual debt and difficulty. It grieved me to see the Bhabbines? of her surroundings—the equalid lodging-house parlor without so much as a bunch of ftowexa or a stand of books to show that it was in the occupation of a lady. There was a cigar- box on the mantelpiece, and, there was a heap of newspapers on the sofa, and a pair.of shabby slippers intide the fender. It was a room to make one snuddur. I asked her if she was reconciled to her father, and she eaid no; ehe had heard nothing of him since her marriage. I felt very unhappy about her after we parted at Hnngerford Market. I saw her standing on the pavement as the omnibu? drove away, a tall, slim figure, distinguished-looking in spite of her shabby velvet mantle and rusty black eOk gown, I bad promised to go and see he: again, though I was very seldom at liberty at that tirce, and I went to OecQ-street two or three times in the course of the winter, but she was alwais out, and there was womething in the tone of her letters that made me think she did not wish to see me again, though I believe she was fond of me always, poor souL I saw nothing more of her, and heard nothing until nearly four years afterwards, when I spending an after noon at Richmond with my pupils—two girls of fourteen and sixteen—and I came face to face with her in front of Thomson's seat. She was with a tallnandsome man, whom at first I took to be her husband: but there was some thing in the manner of both of them that im pressed me uncomfortably, and I began to fear that this was not her husband. She looked better and brighter than when I saw her in CecU-street, and she was better dressed—very plainly, but in excellent taste. She took me aside a little way while her companion stood and talked to the two girls, She put her arm through mine in her old caressing way, and then the said abruptly, * I almost wonder that sou will speak to me, I thought yon would have cut me dead.' I looked puzzled no doubt as she said, ' Perhaps you don't know what a lost creature I am. Perhaps you have not heard.'. I fold her I had heard nothing about her since we parted at Hungcrford Market, and then she gave a deep eigb, and said, ' Well, I am not going to de ceive you. That,' with a nod of her head towards toe man who was standing with his back to us,' is not my husband, but he and I are bound together for the rest of our lives, and we are perfectly happy together. Society would scorn us and trample upon us no doubt if we gave it a chance; but we don't. We live out of the world, and we live for one another. Now, aren't you shocked with me ? Don't you want to run away V she asked, with a little laugh, which I knew was more hysterical than mirthful. I told her that I was very sorry for her. I could Bay no more than that. * You would be sorrier still if you could picture to yourself the miserable life I led before I Itft xuy husband,' she said. 'I bore it for five years, years that were like an eternity. He cued for rue no more than for the flower girls in the street He left me to pice in my dingy lodging, left me to be dunned arid worried all day long-, left ice cut-at elbows, aehamed of my own ehabbiness, while he amused himself at his dab; and then he thought himself cruelly used when he found out that there was another man in the world who thought me worth caring for, and when I told him I loved that man with all my heart. My leaving him wss the impulse of a moment. The moment came when I felt mad and des perate, and I ran out of the house in my detpair. and jumped info the first cab I could hail, and drove away to him t 't pointing to the nisn in the distance, Etrolling beside my two gawky girls, 'and to happiness. lam a wicked wretch, no doubt, to be happy under such drcumstance? ; but I am; or, at any rate, as happy as anybody can hope to be in this world. There is always a thorn among the flowers,' she sighed, as if the thorn were a big one, I thought. 'leupposelahall never see you again,' she said. ' When we saygood byepreseotljitwillbefareirellforjever.'i I told hex that wae not inevitable. I was my own mistress, free to choose my friends. I told her that if ever ehe had need of a friend I would go to her. I felt that I was in some wise answer able for the bad turn her life bail taken, for bad I been a more judicious counsellor I might have guided her better, might bare prevented ber coming into collision with her father. I asked her for her address, but she told me she had promised to toll nobody where ehe lived. 'We are living/ out of the world,' she said; 'we have no visitors, no friende or acquaint ance.' She clasped my hands, kisaed me, and hurried away to rejoin tie man whose name I never learned. He lifted bis bat to me and the girls, and they walked away together towards the Star and Garter, leaving ue stand ing by Thomson? seat, staring idly at the landscape in the summer sunlight. I felt dazad as I stood there, locking dewn into that Jcvely valley. It had tteen a terrible efceck to me to meet t«fcg&inr.ndersuchcs;?ccmeta?cee, ;j 