Fault}/, the Coll. L'Ule Fanny -was motherless, having baea discovered in an open field beside lier dead mother, B.fore she was a year old sbe could open the door to her own room and go to bed alone. Sbe did not quite understand the fasieninga from the inside, and had to be let out in the morning. The children, there were six, thought her a most wonderful baby, and claimed her aa their own. Tne boys had taught her to take fli their caps with her teeth, shake hands with her feet, and do many other cute things. But when she was four years old she bad to work, for Finny was only a horse, after ail. Never was she driven except- by one of the family, and shs really acted as if she iiked to go. When the buggy was drawn out she wcuid give a little pleased whinny ana step daintily about as if. impatient to be off. And when once on the road disliked, of all things, to take the dust from another vehicle. The children were a croupy set, and a physician was often called, Fanry being the horse to be ridden every time ; 8nd so well had she learned what was wanting if a saddle was placed hastily upon her back, she only waited for a rider, snd without a hint from the rein, bounded cii in the direction of the doctor's cilice ; returning, she jogged leisurely horce. It was a sad day for ths family when one morning no glad whinny greeted the one who went to f*:ed her. She nad been stolen. T'.to other horses had been taken from a neighbor at the same time, and he bemoaned them as so much money lost. But the joint owners of Fanny grieved as if a friend were dead; lo her it might be even worse than destb. " For how could the taker be other wise than cruel ?" they asked. A thorough search wa3 made, but no cine obtained, and the horets were given up as lost. The older children strove to be brave, but the younger ones ccu!d not keep back the tears when speaking of " poor Fanny," and the mother was shocked one evening to hear four-year-nld Bessie ftdd to her infant prayer: " And plearc, God, send Fanny back." She kissed the child tenderly and whis pered; '? If we cannot have Fanny we will have another horpe to take her place, my dear." " But it wouldn't be her, mamma! I want just Fanny," and she laid her face in mamma's lap and sobbed, as ehe had done many times since the loss. A few d»ys later, as the family were at ; breakfast, Nora, the gitl, rushed into the room, exclaiming: " If ye plase, mum, Fanny's in the stable, or else 'tis her ghost, sure ! I wint to find ihe clo'eF-pins lost last night, and as I wint a-near the barn I hearn a whin-nowas like hern aa two pase. and" but before she had concluded every seat was empty and a!l had hurried to the barn. Tne stable door was opened, and forth stepped Fanny to be bugged and kissed as never before. She still wore her halter, from which a broken strap dangled, showing how she had released herself, and, once free, her presence in her own stall was no mystery. An cilieer was duly notified, and taking her tracks he went about five miles along the beacb of the lake, where, in the bluff over hanging a ravine, he found a sort of cave where the two other horses were still tied. Fanny had broken iier halter, opened the wide door that swung jn, pushed her way through the brush piled against it, and hurried home to her own stable. The horses must have been taken to their hiding-place by being led along the water's edge to conceal their tracks, and their food conveyed to thc-m by boat. The tbitf was not caught, more is the pity. Evidently seeing the signa of Fanny's escape he was only too glad to escape himself. The owner of the two horses suggested that Fanny ought to have a medal, but upon being shown a lump of sugar sbe uttc-rcd a dccidrd neigh, and then munched her sugar in silence. i 