BREVITIES. From our files to hand we take the follow ing interesting items : — The Princess of Wales, who is now on a visit to the Queen, will shortly join her family in Copenhagen, where she will meet her brother, the King of Greece, and her sister, the Czarina, who will be accompanied by the Czar of Russia. The Prince and Princess, on returning from the Continent, will visit their married daughter and the Duke ot Fife in Scotland. at Mar Lodge, near Balmoral. It is stated that the Duke does not intend the Princess Louise to claim any share of the money which has been voted for the maintenance of the children of the Prince of Wales. It fs re ported that a marriage between Princess Vic toria of Wales aud Princc HohenloeLangen berg has been approved by the Queen. Princess Beatrice, who was accompanied hy her husband, visited Southampton, and laid the foundation-stone of the head- quarters of the Gordon Boys' Brigade. The brigade was established as a memorial of the hero of Khartoum, and its members are employed ns hoy messengers. A bouquet was presented to the Princess by Miss Gordon, sister of tbe late General. The'Marchioness of Lome has turned her attention to glaBS- painting, and is designing a window to serve as a memorial of the late 1 Duke of Albany. Before the German Emperor left the Isle of Wight the Queen reviewed the 2000 seamen of the Uerman navy on the grand terrace at Osborne. The men were commanded by the | Emperor, who at the close 'of the inspection led off with three hearty ' hochs' for the Queen. The Ginperor was delighted with his reception in England, and expressed a strong desire thatjthe Queen would return the visit , by going to Germany. | The Queen 6ent a message to General Grcn fell congratulating the troops upon their vic tory on the Nile. The Queen Regent of Spain, who is staying at La Granja with her children, was weighed the other day. The Queen scaled 123 lbs. and the King 33lbs. The Shah was travelling by train between Paris and Belfort when his little favorite Aziz began to play with the alarm signal, and finally gave it a good tug. The train in stantly stopped, and the Shah, who was just taking 40 winks, was surprised to see the officials coming to see what was the matter Lord Tennyson has been criticised for receiving a Civil List pension of £200 a year. This money, it appears, he spends entirely on the relief of literary persons in distress. The mad King of Bavaria declines to take exercise, and can with difficulty he prevailed upon to take food. Earl Sydney, who has been connected with Al- _ T1 ? ? I ?mrorni rrno has juBt completed his S4th year. There has been a great rush from London to Scotland of late, and within a fortnight the four great tailway companies are said to have sold half a million's worth of tickets. London will soon be what is known as ' empty this is to say only some four millons of people will be left to guard the citadel. The London season has come to an end, and, so far as trade ia concerned, has been a most successful one, it having been a succes sion of gaieties. Captain Murrell, of the Missouri, has been awarded a gold medal by the Norwegian Government, in recognition of the humanity and kindness to the shipwrecked crew and passengers of the Daumark, Captain Murrell now wears one silver and sir gold medals in recognition of his gallant services on that occasion. . Mr. Edison, who is the sensation of Paris just now, declares that the Eiffel Tower sur passes anything he had ever imagined. Hp v.,lionn'a ascent of Eiffel lower took place at 9 o'clock in the morning, when the inventor and his family, with Mr. Harrison, son of the President of the United States of America, were received by M. Eiffel's repre sentatives at the base of the monument. On the top of the tower an early breakfast was provided, and a concert was given by several artists of the opera, conducted by M. Viancst. The concord of sweet sounds was afterwards reproduced hy the phoDograph. Mr. Edison went to the highest point of the tower above the lighthouse and had a good look out over the vast landscape which extended before his eyes. At half-past 11 the party descended to the first platform, where lucheon was pro vided. . ... It is stated that the yueen lias sent io Mr. Edison by tho hand ot Colonel Gouraud a letter warmly congratulating the American electrician on bis ^rand inventions. This ' letter' was not written with pen and ink, but spoken by ber Majesty into one of Mr. Edison's phonographs, and brought by tho colonel to Paris, where the addressee listened to the reproduced voice of her Majesty. Pet dogs in New York society ha'e their birthdays regularly celebrated, when lady friends are invited by the indulgent mistresses, who bring their pugs to grace the party. King Senegal, the African monarch who has been petted in Paris, received so many pre sents that he beoame dissatisfied and went away unhappy because he was unable to be come possessed of a crown and sceptre. His dusky wife, who had never been accustomed to European attire, has taken back to Africa some of the Parisian costumes with which to dazzle if not alarm the natives. The Balloon Society have awarded a bronze medal to Mr. Darnell for his skill in the management of the halloon when he travelled on Bank Holiday, during a severe thunder storm, from Alexander Palace to the neigh bourhood of Ipswioli, a distance of 70 miles, within an hour. A steamer loft the Mersey on Saturday, August 10, minus one of her passengers. Mrs. Maybrick, in sanguine expectation of a favour able verdict, had^ taken her passage aboard the Aurania for New York. Squint is said to be on the increase among school children, which might be prevented by the use of spectacles. Greenwich is agitated bv a ?« ghost' story. A family have just quitted a house owing to alleged mysterious rappings which are said to have been repeated on a certain date last year. The ' spirit' waB a?ked to give three raps for 4t yes, and the Interrogators claim to have discovered that it is that of a woman who was the victim of fool play. Blondin is said to have accepted a wager of £4000 to walk on a cable from the Eiffel Tower to the central dome of the Paris Ex hibition. . On Bank Holiday no fewer than 47 couples were married at one of the Lambeth churches. There Is a proposal to build a new horae®o pathic hospital in London, at a cost of £30,000 the one fin Great Ormond-street proving too small. When does a Bath-chair become a tricycle ? is a question which is agitating a South of England watering -place. Tricycles und even perambulators are not allowed on the espla nade, but Bath-chairB aro permitted. Now a , lady has appoared in a Bath- chair, propelled by a young man who sits behind on a tricyclc. While some bee hives wore being removed in a cart at Dipton, one became upset, and the liberated bees furiously attacked the horse and three men. The horse then dashed away, the jolting upsetting the other hives, the whole of the Dees joining in the attack. The horse was stung to death, and the men were, for a time, rendered uncouscious. After an eisteddfod at Pwlllhcli there was a rush on to the railway platform, a young lady, one of the passengers, beiug swept on to the 1 no and killed by a passing train. During a Government dubar in the capital of British Borneo, which was attended by 150 chiefs, a native became excited and proceeded to ' run amok.' Drawing his sword he started off, slashing everyone who happened to be within his reach. Be was eventually seized and put in irons. Three villagers, including a headman, have been tried ut Ceylon on a charge of causing grievous hurt to four others by compelling them to uudergo the ordeal by boiling oil. They h&d; caused the victims to plunge their right hands iuto a cauldron of boiling oil. A woman had some rice stolen, and as the thief could not be discovered the ordeal was re sorted to, and any exclamation of pain on the part of the victims was construed iuto an ad mission of £ilt. Centenarian twin sisters have been living together at Coosat, a village near Athlone. One of them has just died. The April-like showers rendered Monday, There was accordingly a falling off in the train aud steamboat traffic. Iudoor amuse ments wetc well patronised. Close upon 60,000 people went to the Crystal Palace, the Alexandra Palace attracted 40,000, Kcw Gardens 64,000, the Zoo 27,744, People's Palace 17,502, Madame TusBaud's 11,802, Tower 11,397, Windsor Castle 6939, and British Museum 5152. The open spaces arouud London were more or less thronged. At Humpstead Heath 16 lost children, of ages varying from three to eight years, fell into the care of the police, aud on being taken to the Colice station were claimed by their triends cfore midnight. The day was universally observed iu the provinces. A lover at Innishowen, couuty Donegal, was paying a clandestine visit to his sweetheart, who had recently ctme into»a fortune by the death of an uncle. Hearing footsteps the young man c.rpt into a butter-box. An hour j later the git Ts father, requiring to clean thel oox, clashed a uucket ot boiling water into it, so seriously scalding its living occupant that his life was despaired of. A curious cercmouy took place recently in the Hooghley district of India, when a baby eight mouths' old was married to a man 2S years of age. The father of the bride gave the bridegroom a sum of inon »y for marrying his daughter. The deatltR and announced of Sir James Robertson, member of a well-known Glasgow legal firm, Signor Carioli, ex -Premies of Italy, and Lady Forster, a member of one of the oldest Irish families. 