He stood motionless before me, and I sat like a block of marble, only my hands, guided by the touch of those awful fin- gers, glided over the key- board. This time it was not the waltz my hands played but a selection from Gluck's "Orfeo ed Euridice"—that portion of the act where Eurydice has vanished and Orpheus wails for her in music that might indeed have stirred the heart of hell. I never hear the music played now without a shudder, although I never have heard it really played but once since that night. Weird and heart-thrilling sobbing with an utter hopelessness, entreating, calling, pleading, beseeching stretching out the hands of music to the vanishing soul ; begging it by the memory of merry bygone hours to turn and look upon him once again ere Eternity swallowed it up, all, all! All this and a thousand things more I heard as the relentless possessing finger swept my hands over the keys. Nor was this the end. When the last note had died away the fingers again for- ced my hands to play—this time another selection from the same musician, but from a different opera, "La Buona Figli- nola," a sparkling little morceau, that danced and chirruped and sparkled until my birds woke up, and in a moment the room was alive with their notes, and glan- cing at the window that opened to the east I saw the gray dawn begin to steal above the horizon. But the spirit which possessed my hands seemed not to fear the dawn. When the finale of the last air was reached it dashed my hands rapidly down the treble and in a moment the room was full of the sounds of the exquisite melodies Playford has preserved for us —melodies than which nothing can be more unghostlike. lt was broad day ere the music ceased, and then as I felt a slight shiver creep over me my hands dropped almost lifeless in my lap, but I myself was calm and composed. Not so my friend. I never saw a face in which awe and admiration and ludicrous terror were so mingled. Ho shuddered as I stopped, then ran hurriedly to that chair on which his clothes lay, drew from some hidden source a bottle of gin and took a long, long pull at it. Returning to the piano he stared at me a minute and broke out : "It is a ghost, by Jingo, for you couldn't do it yourself. Keep him Johann. It's a haunt that's worth at least a hundred thousand. 