La to Crowa Frt&co; of Austria. I^PThk myslnry suitoundin' Iho death cf Hk-' the Crown Prince of Austria has given B& rise to miny oonflictins Utotenienis] The following nnrintives supply dot»iln |k) of tlio versions most widely cir culated. gF Rudolph had for I he last throe j'ears- at K: least been living in bail ways. His: ^^ disappointment at not linvihg a son first! PStrftnof»d bini from Inc wifo . nnd ltie' subsequent infidelities \ completed the Oe separation. Gradually it became appar ent that the young pai*-; formerly so Hf; attached, were leading n cat- and-deg life. B The Prince, a man of slight build, ncr K vous sympathetic lemperament, -highly Bp imnginntivn and exci'able, i took lo K excessive diinkinr. He lost interest in K bis liteiary pursuits, as well as ariistic studies, and was always craving for Bk; excitement. . He did mad tilings whei; B-i; out bear-shooting and decn-slnlking, and BF: was fiequently seen avith Rushed f-cn. Ho took pleasure in. 'loose; socely, and K became smitten with.fondnessjfor - ghost Ky stories and spiritualism, and the end was K' . that he beqame haunted with ! fear that |k. lie ni'ght go riia-1, like Louis JI. of K- Bavaria. He had an intrigue with a Bfv Baroness Marie von ,Y. Young, a lady Ki of 21 years, one of the beauties of A'r- trian society. Plie be!ongi;d to the eld Czech family, and was the *riicee of a Bfe -weQ-known Austrian spn; Ismail. Tlic Bg- acquaintance betwien tr.e jlinrpness and HE' .the Crown Piince began som'e months K|-' ago, and this inci eased fl e|estrangement between Rudolph nrid tilcphanio. The KS' Prince staieely rimde any secret of his B' determination to obtain a divorce. . He B counted contidenily upon receiving assist-. K ance from the 'Emperor, on account of e] the.disappointment experienced by his R] Majisty when the doctors- certified (lint the, Crown Princess would [have no K| fuitlier issue. To the Croivn J Prince's p| surprise and disappointment; the Eniper P ; or point-blank refused to .countenance j anything of .— t Ita kind. His | Majesty professed himself, as he undoubtedly is', K ! very much attached to .ihe Grown. Prin E- cess, and.rated his son for- his unmnrital |v- -conduct. On Sunday, the 27th Jannaiy, I'. ' tlieie was a terrible scene lietwtcn the. B'; ; Prince and his wife, who threatened to K- return to ber parents at Be'ginm. The |p Emperor, told v the Princej lie would P ajipoint liirn Governor of B isnin, anil p: oblige him to go and live at Serajevo. E 'There,' he said,, 'you will have to p lead a reputable life, and there 1 will - be F ' an end to all these scandals.' j At the. | same time the Emperor cjuliomd the | - Princess to bej more patient with . her | husband. ? Tlio Crown Prince was seen £ ? for the last time in public at tlje Prin » cess Rene's recejition on the same Sunday evening. He was then | wearing; a Prussian uniform, and seemed in!. a gay i-- mood, though flushed somewhat and ?. flighty. The next morning ; Iiisj father Bent for him and repeated what lie- said on the .previons diiy, but with more pcrcmpl oriness, addii-g that he' would give the Prince a Week to make sub mission, and promise. ; to lead ai bet'r Jife. Rndolpli g it very angry ,- left bis father widinut kissing his hand accord ing to the Austrian custom, and striding away to bis rpaitrncnts, took nil' his uniform, and put un a suit of shooting clothes, and sent notes . to Prince W. / Philippe of Coliurg and Gount' Joseph Hoyos, inviting them lo join him at Meyerling for.a Ciuple of days' shooting. Soon afterwards lie stqrlcd for Mejer ling in a'* two-horsed cab, driven by a I man named 'Bralfi-ch, a .noted , comic r singer. On Tuesday night the Prince dined with Count; Hovos, and sicadicd bis nerves by°a gcod deal of ; champagne. ' At first lie was in very low spirits, .but. gradually brightened up, and a/lc-r dinner Bratflscli, the caiman, was summoned to sing for him. The Prince, Hoyas, and Bratlisch remained together till 3 in the morning;' but during intervals between Bratfircli's songs the Prince several times left the dining-icom and went to his study to' write letters, which weie: after wards found, on hisde-k. -At. 3 a.iii. the company separated on the under-itandirig that the Prince would, go out shooting at !9 o'clock in the morning. From thin point the s'ories difl'- r, tomj miiking the. girl'who coinniilted suicide, not theBaro ness M, tut snoiher young lady of t lie Anstrian ari-lociaey, of Por.liig so exfiaction and fierce trnip-r. : On .'the Tuesday sftcrhoon, tlio- day after the Pi bice's departure froih Vienna, she had been out shopping with her aunt, and ' gave that lady the sbp while they were . in a warehouse together. .On teaching . Myeding she in listed on seeing' the Prince, and at the interview quite unnerved him. Slio stormed, wept, and declared ^ her shame .would scon became public, and ended by saying thati uiijers the Prince would - take li - r openly under, hia proleclioii, and! elnpc wiili Jier for a few weeks, jtho would counuit ruicide.v 'J'be Prince w«s so frighleni d'lliat lib ilaiod nntbd^the girl go bick to Vienna alone, but proposed slie would remain for the night at Meyerling; she was accordingly installed at tin* lodge of the bend game keeper, a man named Grii'hschaat. At ?night the Prince slipped' out and.. .went to the gamekeeper's lodge, to S'e ilia sweeiiieari. At- this hour the under keeper named Wcodring was going Jiis nigfii rounds of the castle-- grounds, Weedring hud orders lo CiU the lieud ] keeper at C, ami ut the hour appbiptu'J went! to the lodge and knocked at the door.; He. was carrying a d.oubie borreJ led loaded gun, which was slung over hTs hack, and suddenly, while lie knocked at the front door of the house, ? he heard ihn window nt i)ic side of ti e house open ur.d somebody jumped out. Ha vii g iio idea that the J'rincc wrs in the bouse he ran round. Hi eing a 'man scampering away in the dark lit) shouted to him lo stop instantly, and not get ting . an onswer, liied. 'J liu Prince dropped, hit iii]ljic shoulder. Werdricg hurried up, mid- till) Groan Prince, struggling to his! feel, gasped out, 'J inn Arch duke Rudolph ; 1 ant hi'- ; lead me to „ . the S;liW i'riuco nwostmj just as be reached! the window; V 1 U- kp the girl whom he llad left a few moments before was standing. tVbedring.npp'ars then to have called but- in his distrac tion that ho had k lied the Prince, upon which tjie girl w-itl draw in dismay, ;nnd. swallowed the con cnts of a bottle of poison which she l ad brought' with her. The P, ince, rec yoriiig quickly from liis swoon, ordered AVf celling to help. Kini to walk to the Hchloss. and gave (;ini strict injunctions Jo hold his tongl|)l The Prince then went lionio shortly after and was found ipdead, dicnchiil with b'ood, and ly ng |ialf out' of his l ed with u.ievqlvei on ihe floor. From another account it appears that when the Prin'o . wen to - Meyet ling . the Bafohcss Meria'd'! appeared- from ho|u-, leaving a note fri- 1 e.* motber, in 'which* she'said she .was g: i ng to dro(.vn heisblf. -The terriHed mo- her instantly went ; to -Count Tai if e, ' the Austrian Premie*, and the latter premised to cau«e inr quicies to be made, mil detectivbs xvere accordingly placed upon her! track. ?They made the dbcivery- that sue was staying with the C own Prime at Meyer ing. Taafle ronve.yed.' this. infor- mation to the mntlu r, who, on Wednes day morning, the cay of- the suicide, went to the. Empire r and' luid'thc mat ter before him. On' ielurning lionio the mother found - another 1- tter from her daughter, datrd '.Meyeriiji^'.in ? which the youthful baroness qnnounceil tlint slie nnd -tbe Crowiv I riiicr Uiid resolved to commit s iiciile ogcthcr. It seems that tho Prince had promised ' her' mar ringp as ioon as ha obtained bis divorce ?Iriinr .tbe Princess, .and when ho in formcd her that this was nb.w impossible bjring to the Enipcror'sari-fusrl ' t ) con sent to the divorce,] they, revolved to commit suicide* '? This they iiid on ? the Wednesday m ruingjin tin# bedrcom of tlio Prince, ^'hen Lbscl- el',. the ? valet to thd Princ-, .entertjd the /-bedroom in the morning, afteryijinly '.knocking, for adm'i'ttancb, -Iio found ! the diatl bodies of;the lovers lying onltho bed. Before calling anyone'' ho ic* Tried tho body of the Baionerss into an adjoining ro-mi, roj1- that when the Piince Philippe of C'pburg and Count:.]!. Hoyos, on being sn'ninionpd by L.s-.Ki 1, entered. the lied' room, I hey only saw t ho body of tlio Crown Priii.ce and n; tprally concluded it was a simple case ii suicide, as was. reported to. tbe Emperor. -On being -informed of his son's death : the Empri or nt -i once suspic'ed : (lie truth and ex claimed, ' I would Irathe.r have lost a proviucc than this disgrace should' have befallen me.' . The R ime correspondent of the JJaih/ AVir.s- en.- s he,, was ab'o lo lear.i the exact .particulars bf .what bc curreii'at the Vatican Jjetween tlio Ugly See and the Imperial Family at Vienna on ithe 'occasion' of Rudolph's ilcat^n ;The Pope received the first tries rain an nouncing simply i lie lie nt Ii of 'tlii- Prince, to ffbich his Holiness himself w'rol e a repjy of fcur line.*, ami this for liirn was an extraordinary tiling] to do, as lie has tlicigreatfst. ditlicnlty i.: holding a pen. On 'the. following day there, came a long telegram. - explaining the circum stances of tho case, fro|ni. which it ap peatcd that there liaiL n-en holli n| sn: ci-le and a duel. A; dilllcutty theiT fore. arose ? to decide whether I' the A rchduke should have religions burial - according to canoniral law. Suicide being considered' in. the light of madness a religious service is granted, hut] not for llusn killed in dui}l. A congrega tion-, of tlie caiflir.-i's -yas iitnut-din-ely called- by oidcr of the Pope to e.xamiuo intoithe question: After a.longldis oi^sion the cardin.'i's'caiinc, to the jcon clustou tiiat only one dilraaged .in n.iiui could have cutcred-infO such n duel ; ni-d Uie natural 'const qiience o( the de cision wns-lhnt that lliej nccessnry per-, mission was gr.miedr The :.Eniperoij re ceived the news with I lie deepest grati liidr-4 an 1 telegt aphid to the pope that in bis g.cat ; bereavcmei :. his* II o'int-ss had tspared liim the gres test grief, j 