WIT AHD HUMOUS. W Mr. and Mrs. Bowser. By Mrs. Bowser. (detroit free press.) . ' "Well, what do- you think?" queried Mr. Bowser, as he looted up at me across the supper table one evening. 44 You—you haven!t been and bought another horse, Mr. Bowser ?" Horse! Can't you think of anything but bono? I suppose you'll throw that horse up to me to your dying day." 44 I'm so glad you have decided not to buy another I -la it some more chickens, or a new fire escape, or another dog to eat us up f" He turned pale, and refused to say another word for two hours. Then he could hold him self no longer, and he suddenly observed ; 44 1 suppose yon will feel proud of the title of Mrs. Aid. Bowser?" 44 What do you mean ?" _ 4 4 Just what Ls&y.; You axe soon to be known as Mrs. Aid. Bowser." 44 Are you going to run for officeF" 44 1 am. It was all settled this afternoon. I am going to be nominated for alderman of this' ward.' 44 Mr. Bowser, is it possible that you are going to let them lead you into any such foolishness ! I thought yon had a more level head than that, in spite of all your mistakes." . 4 4 My mistakes I" he shouted. 4 4 1 never made one in my life, except when I married you. Level head! rd like to see someone who carries a more ievel.head than I do!" ... 44 And so you are going to be alderman ?" 44 If I live." 44 But what for ?" 44 Because it is the wish of the people. My country calls -The-conumttee have canvassed the ward and concluded that I was not only the best man for the office, but the only one who stood any show against the vicious opposi tion. It is a sacrifice on my part, but the true patriot must be ready to sacrifice." - "I'm so sorry." 44 So sorry! For what? Because I JiaVe been selected above all others! Because honours have been thrust upon me ! Mrs. Bowser, yon have never appreciated the man you married, and you probably never will.' 44 Well, I shan't say any more. I think it is a put-up job to get . money out of you, and I know what a gang will be running here after you. . It's your own affair, however. Don't blame me if you get left." 44 There you go ! Always opposed to me ! I can plainly see why some men never get along. If I had a wife like some I know of Tdhave been governor of the State long ago. I'm going to run, however, and after I m elected you'll probably be just mean enough to s&y; you brought it about." I didn't say any more. As soon as he left the house next morning I prepared for visitors, and I was not disappointed. He was hardly out of sight before the bell rang, and I opened the door to find a dirty-looking fellow with his hat on his ear, who asked — 44 Is Bowser home ?" 44 No, sir." "Gate out pretty early, doesn't her Leave any money for me r" " No, sir." "He didn't, eh? Purty specimen of a can didate he is ! Expects us to do all the figurin' fur nuthin', does he ?" 44 Who are you, sir ?" 44 Who are I P" he repeated as he slanted his hat a little more and spit over his shoulder, 44 I'm the party as carries this ward to his vest pocket, I am, and if old Bowse don't cum down liberally he gets left. Tell him to come and see me. Nine times that forenoon I answered the bell to find a ward heeler or some other sort of political parasite on the door-step. .One of them even went so far as to ask me to pledge Mr. Bowser to vote for him to run one of the City-hall elevators. There were, three others waiting for him when he got home to dinner, and I saw him give them money. He came in excited and jubilant, and when I told him what had occurred, he replied : 4 4 Let the dear people come! They know that I am the man to do all I can for them if I am elected, and elected I shall be as sure as the sun rises on the day. What do you think ? I was talking with a prominent man belonging to the opposition, and he said it would be no use for his party to put up a man against me. Bowser stock is way up, hey P" For a week I lived m a state of miserable agitation. Every hour in the day a ward- heeler rang the bell, and when he wasn't ring ing, it was some man who wanted a sewer or other contract. Every evening the house was full of politicians laying plans and guzzling down my currant wine, and on three nights Mr. Bowser had to 44 go the rounds " of the ward and 44 see the boys." On the tost night I had to help him upstairs, and the tears rolled down his cheeks as he whimpered : — " Shay, Mm. Bowser, it just breaks my heart to shee how er people love me. They cry f'r me. and — and I cry f'r zhem !" rphio tvAnf iin nr feVAAl" on 3 tlion fTio Aannns was held to nominate. Mr. Bowser said he would go through by acclamation, but as the boyB would expect some sort of speech, not to say a keg of beer, afterwards, he would have to be on band. As soon as nominated there would be no more heelers running after him, and a nomination meant election by a large :inajority. I didn't say much, hut I felt pretty sure how it would come out. -Along about 9 o'clock ho came borne. He was running. He also breathed hard and looked white. 44 What on earth is the matter now ? " I asked, as he banged into the hallv "G — gone !." he gasped. 44 How, gone?" 44 Gone up." 44 Mr. Bowser, tell me what has happened. You act as if you had met a ghost and lost your senses." "I — I didn't get the nom — nomination ! " he whispered, his knees quaking so that he had to tit down on a chair.' " ' Why didn't you ?" " Because tsey concluded that Mr. -Scott was the more popular and the stronger man. " "What! That cross-eyed loafer,. who was arrested only tost week for whipping his wife ?" . 44 Y— yes." We looked at each other for a long time wlth- out speaking. Then I said - " I thought the dear people/loved you, Mr. , Bowser." \- " Yes/' - 44 You were to be selected above all others and ; honours thrust upon you.'; ... 44 Yes." 44 Your country called upon you to -down the vicious opposition. You were the patriot, who was ready to sacrifice himself." 44 Yes." . 44 How much has this experience cost you ?" 44 Four hundred." . 44 Well, you liavo made a fool of yourself; and i — . I hope it will bp a U&m; & better go to bed." - r- - "I— I guess I will I" At midnight lie woke np, sat up in bed, and exclaimed— 14 Look hare, old tody, I hope you feel better, having accomplished yoftf yiiiainous object?" " What do ypu mean?" 44 1 mean, that you defeated me in ihecaucus! Everybody knows rou,«ad£his opportunity foil revengecouldnofc be passed over. Sue. Bowser, you have gone A step too farl To-morrow 1 shall consult a towyer about divorce pro ceedings!" 44 Go to eleep." "Yes, I'll go toslsep, but don't Imagine I shall foiget or overlook your base duplicutyv I have borne and borne, but this is the end fi Next morning, kovnar, he made.no refe rence to the matter, and as some of his party made him believe that he had been withdrawn to the interests of harmony, he came home one day to observe; 44 1 hear that my .name is being mentioned lot inayor, but I shan't t»lr the nomination. I prefer to be a plain, humble citizen." 