NAN'S STORY. Good mornin1, sir. Come in, if you like. Mincl the step— it's broke powerful bad ; most likely your neck'll be broke, too, if you fall through. Yes; I lives here. Mv name is Nan. My husband, did you say ? No, sir ! Catch me tellin' whar he is ; why, how do I know but you're a detective come after him, with the bracelets in your pocket? No , sir ! Joe (that's my old man) he is not to home. Oh, you're a .minister, be you ? And you're out visitin' the poor in these here tennymint-liouses. Humph ! They need it bad enough ; but, look a-liere, sir — (I mean no disrespect), but the poor hereabouts needs somethin' else besides tracks ('specially as pre cious few on 'em can read) and fine advice. What they need is somethin' in the shape o' eatables, and likewise drinkables. A blanket or two for the cold weather wouldn't do any harm, and anythin' else that's handy. Mighty little help we gets in these times. Hard times ! that's the cry — hard times for the poor ; but the rich ! 'Bah ! No 'matter how hard times is, thar's just as many dimints and silks and satins and velvets 011 the streets as ever thai was. It's cur'ous how the same tiling affects rich and poor. Yes, sir, thar's a deal of sufferm' hereabouts. Now, I'm anythin' but good — Lord ! I'm as bad as they make 'em, I reckon — but, for all that, I've got a soft spot in my breast where a heart used to be, and that spot is fetched mightily by the sufferin's o' some others, wuss off than I be, and, for instance, that poor young critter upstairs. Who is she? Wal, sir, if you wouldn't mind steppin' into my poor place here and takin' a cheer, I'll be powerful glad to tell you all about her. 'Taint a pleasant story, I warn ye aforeliand ; but, perhaps, if you hear it, you'll draw a moral from it and bring it into your next sermon, as an example of the wickedness o' the poor and debased. That's the way tliem ministers genally do arter they've called on this here quarter 0' the city. Do I ever attend church, you ask? Ha ! ha ! Now, that's a good one. I'll tell you about the last time I attempted that. I was goin' along, one evenin', and, seein' a crowd all goin' one way, I fell in with 'em, and soon found they was all bound to one of them big churches. 'Twas near about Christmas-time, and some how I'd got to feelin' blue that day, a-thiiikin" o' times long past, when Christmas-time used to be so much' — at home in the old farm-house, whar I was born — whar I grower! up. Pshaw ! I'm an old fool — most a-cry- in ! Wal, I follered along ; but just as I got inside tne door a man with a higli- falutin air, and a face as long as a motherless colt, came to me and told me tliar Avaut no room inside. I knowed 'tAvant the truth (curious how a Christian should lie, and right inside the clmrch-Avall too !) but I had to turn back. I knowed then as Iioav my gOAvn Avan't fine enough, and I couldn't put 011 airs, like the gentry. If I Avanted to Avorsliip God, and come to confess my sins in that Christmas-time, and, throAvin' myself at the foot1 of the cross, try hard to get nearer Him avIio was born in jest such a time, I must go to a cheaper church ! And so I turned away. The big organ Avas a-playin', and a -lot of fine, high-toned voices was a-singin' " Peace 011 earth — good Avill to men." And tliar, outside in the cold and darkuess, was me, a poor, sorroAvin' sinner — for, if ever anybody needed a kind Avord that Avould a-made 'em turn over a new, clean leaf, I believe I did that night — and tliar I Avas turned away from the door of the house that Avas dedicated to His glory, and, Avith " Peace to all men" ringin' in my ears, I Avas told that thar wan't room inside for the likes o' me ! What did I do then, you ask ? Wal, I'll tell ye. Ha ! ha ! I Avent home straight and paAvned the last relic o' happier days — my little eight-day clock ('tAvas my dead father's gift) — and I took the money and bought gin, and afore mornin' I Avas druuk — 0I1, I tell ye, I Avas that drunk I couldn't see. Anil so I haint never troubled their line churches since. Wrong, Avas I ? Lord bless ye, I knoAV it ; but 'pears like thar ain't nothin' else for such as me. I Avan't always so. I've seen the time when gin had 110 attraction for me, and the sight 0' a drunken Avomen Avould turn me that sick I'd like to faint. I s'pose 'twas my troubles as brought me down, and — Joe, Aval, yes, seein' Joe drunk so much took away the novelty and the disgust o' intemperance. Tell ye Avhat it is, sir, if all the young Avomen could see the dance he'd led me 'pears like 'tAvould discourage 'em against marryin'. Why don't I leave him, you say ? Why, sir, he's my husband, is Joe. Don't you preach Avhat God lias jined together 110 man shan't never separate ? I SAvore afore God and man to stand by him through everytliin' — for richer, for poorer, through sickness and health, for better, for Avorse — and though it's gen'ally for worse, still I ain't the kind as gives a solemn oath and goes back on my Avord ag'in like that ; no, sir. But I declar' I'll never git to begin my story. It Avas one rainy night, about two year ago ; I Avas all alone, the old man off on a spree, and the Avind Avas a-bloAvin' and the rain Avas a-dashin' against the win- dows like an uneasy spirit, when, all of a sudclent, thar came a rap at the door. My heart jumped up into my mouth, for I'll confess 'twas a little scary ; but after a minute I said "Come in." The door opened, and thar stood a Avoman, the least mite 0' a thing, Avith rain- drops on her hair, and eyes a-shinin' like stars, and in lier arms a little baby. " Madam," she says, right Ioav and SAveet — " madam, Avill you give me a shelter for the night ?" To my dyin' day I can't explain what made my heart go out to the little critter ; but somehow it seemed as if the ghost of my own j'outli had ris up and was a- standin' right tliar afore me. I brought her in and made her sit doivn by the fire, and gave her somethin to Avann her, and then she told me her story. She Avas the daughter o' a clergyman, and had run away from, home to marry a Avorthless sort 0' a scamp, all against her old father's Avill. Why, Avhat's the matter, sir; are you faint? -Here, take the bottle. I beg your pardon, sir ; I forgot. Feel better, do you? I Wal, as; I was a-sayin', she'd had a hard time o' it — what with tlie scamp comin' home drunk and beatin', actually beating her, and she a born lady if ever thar was one. I 'clar to gracious, Avlien I see a critter that calls hisself a man a-raisin' his hand against a little, tremblin', white-faced woman, I say to myself Avomen are weak and men are strong; and the strong are to ahvays protect the weak ; thar's a big sum to be worked out in this generation ! Wal, she stayed with me that night, and the next day her husband found her out. He was a tall, hand some fellow, Avith one o' them ilevelisli faces, that ahvays takes a woman's fancy. So, after he'd scolded her a bit for ruunin' off and leaATin' him, lie began to flatter her up, and talk sweet toiler; and . I knowed in a minute how he'd have everytliin' his oavii way ag'in, and she forgive him. Sure enough, she did ; and then- he goes and rents two rooms upstairs, and here they've been ever since. And all the time the little critter kept a-Avriting to her father, the - hard hearted old brute.! and she u-beggiu' and entreat-in' of him to forgive her, and take her back to him. 'Twas that pitiful 'tAvould melt a heart o' stone. But laws ! minister o' the gospel, as lie Avas, and a-preacliin' the lovin' and tender doctrines o' Jesus, that thar man wasn't to be melted. And they say lie's a big gun in the church, too, and does a heap o' good. Humph ! I11 my opinion he'd better cpiit troublin' hisself about the mote in his brother's eye ; for thar's a beam in his oavii big enough to blind him to all his oavu selfishness and cruelty and doAvnriglit Avickedness. But I must make haste, or you'll git tired out and- go UAvay. Wal, the little gal she Avent about as pale as a ghost, a-nussin' of her baby ; and it growed, and Avas the very image o' its mother. 'Twas a gal, too ; and I used to see the poor mother cry over it, and hug it up to her as if she a van ted to take it and craivl cIoavii under the green grass and hide herself in the ground, out 0' everybody's Avay, ami be still forever. Her hus band, lie Avas an actor. You've nothin' agin the pro fession, have ye? He Avas a bad man, to be sure ; but he Avas one 0' them brutes as would a-been bad under any circumstances. And to my mind, sir, please your honor, it's not always Avhat a man does for a liviii', and the name you calls it by, but the man himself, and Avhat he amounts to, that's o' much account in the eyes o' God. And thar's them as disgraces every profes sion, even the ministry, you knoAAr. Wal, 'tAvan't long afore he had her in the theatre, earnin' her bread by dancin' and singin' — dancin' and singin', sir — and her heart a-breakin'. 1 Every night she'd go, and at midnight he'd fetch her home ; then he'd cl'ar out till daylight, and come in drunk as a lord. More'11 once the folks at the theatre threatened to discharge him ; but somehoAv the poor little Avife had tetclied the heart o' the manager, and he'd over- look things, and keep the (fellow on. It happened at last that thar come an actress to the theatre named Laure, Avliose business 'tAvas to ride a trained horse. She put, him through all sorts o' tricks, and the horse —why, 'twas like a human, it knowed so nnich, and' ' twas Avuth aa'hile seein' Mademoiselle Laure 011 that black pony. Wal, one night, one never-to-be-forgotten night, thar was a neAv nlav nut on the boards fLat. had been advertised and puffed, and the manager had put that much money into it that, if it failed, 'twas munition to him. Laure avus to ride her horse down a steep mountain-side to escape some ruffians in pursuit of hei. i- hey Avas to shoot at her, and — oh, 'twas aa'hat the newspapers call a " sensational drama," and everybody said 'tAvas a good one. You ain't interested in plays and such things, you say, sir. No, likely not- scuse me, and I'll finish my story. Wal, the first1 night of the play come. The gal she had to go, for there was a little song-and-dance business for her to do. I'd heered so much talk o' the play that I'd coaxed the old man to go Avith me, and Ave had good gallery seats. Aoav, when everytliin' Avas ready, and the cur tain just a-goin' to rise, up comes Avord to the manager that Laure was sick— too sick to ride her horse in the play that night. He Avas convinced that 'tAvas the vi h , at Sh? waufc shammin', but, poor man, he did 11 1 know aa'hat to do. The whole piece Avould be spoiled, and the house was jammed full. 'Twas make or .break .aa'ith the manager- that night. Wal, the gal's husband he d been drinkin' pretty steep (most had the horrors), but that night he seemed right quiet, and he - come to the manager, and says he : " If you can git Laure's horse, I'll furnish a rider. " Avife " "mnafier SayS "Who?" and he answers "My " Can she do it ?" asks the manager. &he; can do it, and she shall !" lie says. \\\al, the manager aa'as completely taken in; lie believed Avhat the felloAV said, and Avas delighted to be helped out o his scrape. He shook the brute's hand, and, says he : ' if slm consents, you two shall share the profits AA'ith me to-night. his wife a bai'saiu'" says he> ailfl off he goes to find Imagine my surprise when the liorse-a big, black LTJrCOT-0Vhf s,fcaSe' f-liHg over thl9 moun tain-top, and, instead 0 blackeyed Laure, saucy and gay, perched 011 his back, thai- aa'as that poor gal, white and tremblin , fixed up in Laure's spangled fixin s, and tryin hard to look brave. My heart lept light up ; and the old man had to pull me back, for I - made as if I d go to stop it, for Avell I knoAved the gal couldn t ride a bit. 0 TC- rj;he Sal''s husband was to take the pai t of the villain who fires at the heroine of the play: that was always his business 011 the stage— to play the villain, anil I must say the part suited .him Avell. O11 come the pretty, black horse ; but his ears were prick - mniV"!- 1 >? Tv7 he!rt,?ssetl llis head and shook his / 1 ?" -fwas Jilain he knoAved 'tAvas a sti anger 011 his back, and not his oaaui mistress. Just tlien just as the horse come curveting and prancin' 1 %?l'y m 111 h\S eye' crack> cck» goes the pistol of the ruffian, at the wrong time. You see, the fellow was that drunk lie didn't know Avhat lie Avas 1 1 he horse just reared upAvards, and snorted and pranced — then lie gave one mad bound clean across the stage. : Over 'the .footlights, down into the orchestra he fell— he fell, horse and rider. 0 God ! : 'twas a time to make men drop on to their knees and pray ! / . ' ; I: never knowed exactly , how I got to her. The, fust thing I was knowin' to I Avas kneelin' beside her ; she was layiii' on her own little bed 'upstairs, crushed" and mangled, but not dead. The horse,, poor -critter, was killed, and one of the men in the orchestra'; but this poor mite of a gal was spared — for something — God knows what ! Her hus band ? Wal, he was frightened into the horrors — took 'em-bad; ; They carried him to the hospital, and he died in :a day or two/ - Poor gal! "Tis a' lucky; thing' for her. , And there she lays day sifter day— she may linger so for years, the .doctor says. The manager of the theatre is very kind to her, and I do what I can, which mint much ; and she's that patient 'twould bring tears to your eyes, so she lays thar right quiet, and : as pale and white as a dead corpse, but a smile in; her eye, for she says she's going home. And her little baby beside lier ; maybe they'll both be took at once —from1 the evil to come. I'm only rough old Nan, not fit for the lilies' o' you to talk to, but 'I declare my. heart is wrung, with; pity; Poor little heart-broken, forsaken critter— pooiv little Violet . , What's that you say,' Sir ?, Yes, Sir: her name's, Violet. '"What'! You waiit to go upstairs and see her ? ,Wal,.'taint exactly the tlnng ; she's belonged to the- profession that you preach against, and— eh ! You ici/l go ! All. right. ; , .. This way, sir— the passage is dark and narrow like- wise dirtj7. ' ' Come "on— here's the- door ; I'll opeii it', and we'll go in. Thar she is— poor, faded flower ;. What; Sir ?, ; You down on your knees beside the bed". What does, it all mean,? , Wal, I never ! She — she is your daughter ? You're her father ? You're the' minister o' the gospel that was ; so hard-hearted and cruel,; and I've been abusin' you to your own face ! Wal, I don't take back no word I've said. V See her now, with her weak 'arm's aromul your old neck, and she a-sobbin fit to break her heart. I de- Clar it does my old eyes good to see such a sight. # -. And so you'll ;take lier home with you and her child too ; and you'll give her doctors and nurses, and care and attention, . you say ! Oh, thank ' God ! Yes, Sir— bad-as I am, I say thank God. But, Sir ;(beggin' your pardon for be'in so bold), with all the good things you give her remember that her heart's- beeir nearly-broke, and don't foiget to give her — love. The past's been a dark shadow on her life ; blot it clean, out, with kindness. And, if all this is brought about ; poor Violet will be resigned to lier crushed and helpless body, and Nan's story will -not be told in vain. ; »<» <v -» - 