Wanted! A Heal Home. BY Esr. G. EVÉKAED, M.A." \- "Show piety at home."-«-l'Tm., 54. * A young man was looking out for some one to be his life-partner. He waa particular as to his choice. He knew how much depended upon the character of the woman whom .he should take "for better, for worse; for richer, for poorer," till death should part them. One thing especially was on his mind. He remembered the home of his childhood-how full of joy and sunshine it; had been. The recollection of its happy days , was the sweetest memory of tho past. So ho longed for his own home to be as bright and pleasant as tho one he had known in early life. " I want to have a real home," was his constant desire. So he did not "marry in haste and repent at leisure," but he thought . twice and thrico before he put the question, and asked any ono to share his home with him. ' I do not know the result, but I hare little doubt that his careful forethought would have its abundant reward. "1 want a real home!" Alas, how many a dwelling-place is there in our land which we can not call "a real home?" Some evil thing has come in and marred the comfort and peace and happiness that might'haye reigned thore. Strife or self-will, strong drink or self-indulgence in, some other form, a bad temper, an unruly tongue, selfishness, idle habits-something of this kind has come in and robbed the home of its true joy, and made it the abode ol discontent and misery. Do you want "a roal home," a home to which you can return with a light heart after the toils and duties of the day are over ? Do you wish the words «. HOME, SWEET HOME," . to be a reality in your daily experience ? I will try to help . you if I can. ?. I know there are often sore trials oven in the beet ordered homes; nevertheless, there are guiding lights tl at may greatly assist you. The " real home " is built ixpon THE SUEE FOUNDATION of the fear and love of God. " The curso of the Lord is in the house of the wicked, » but Ho blesseth tho habitation of the just." "The voice of rejoicing and salvation is in the tabernacles of the righteous."' Obed-edom received into'his housethe Ark, which was the symbol of the Lord's presence, and ;the . Lord blessed him and all that ho had. Here is. the firm rock on which all true peace and happiness rests. The Lord Himself must be feared, loved, and honored. He must be received as the most welcome Guest. His will must be law. His favor must be regarded as the <rreatest treasure. . An old man was once speaking of the comfort and hop which religion had brought" to him. 'Look,' said he, 'at that little cottage at the foot of the hill. It is the happiest spot in all the world. It is where my wife and I live ; and Christ lives . with us. We would not exchange it for the greatest mansion in the land." And then he went on to tell of the Home beyond to which ho was going, and hew he hoped to see there tho man who had first led him to tho Saviour. Tho " real home " must be LIGHTED by the lamp of Divine Truth. The Bible must bo a household book. Its precepts and promises must be the guide of young and old. Its lessons of Heavenly wisdom, its revela tions of love which knows no .equal, must .be'to all the secret of true consolation. Nothing more contributes to the peace of the home than thia, lt breaks down the barriers, which mistakes and faults are often raising, lt sheds a cheering ray in tho bohr of deepest sorrow: Tho " real home" must be W AHMED by true affection. A man was once telling his wife his thoughts about the future. He did not believe that he should be long with her. It seemed to him that his days upon earth were to be but few. But he had a snre. hope. He wished her to remember that there was " nothing but love between God and , his soul." This Î8 the true secret of home affection. Fully believe God's love to you in Christ. Eejoice in' this love. Meditate on this love. Then reflect this love in your home. Through the grace of God's .Spirit let love reign and exercise its mighty sway in all you say and do. Let yours be considerate love, ever thinking of the wants, and cares, and troubles of others. Let it be forbear ing love, passing, by. the faults of others, and striving not to see anything that -is apparently unkind or injurious. Let it be active love, ready-, to lend a helping hand wherever y ou can. Let it be self-sacrificing love, ever ready to deny self and give up much for the good of others. The "real home" must be VENTILATED by industry. Sloth and idleness are great enemies to everything that is good. They open the door to murmuring and. discontent, and many - other evils. Nota fewdisputes and quarrels arise through awasted hour. But plenty of work of some sort, and a good will to do it, create a wholesome atmos phere in the home..' Household duties aro care fully performed. The heauty of cleanliness makes everything shine the brgihfcer. Over the door of each home might well be written some such words as these : " Slothfulness casteth into a deep, sleep, andan idle soul shall suffer hunger." "_What soever thine hand findeth to do, do it with thy might." ' - . . The» "real home" mast be surrounded by THE WALL OF WATCHFULNESS, gangers and temptations are always rife. At any moment something may arise to ruffle the spirit, to disturb the temper, to try'the'patience of some one in the family. Therefore, be always on the watch. I have read of a good man who used often to say to himself, when: he was likely to be tried in any way, "My soul, be on thy guard.". So you ' must keep a sharp look:out, and stop the evil before it haa had time to grow- and do mis chief. Lastly, ' the "real home" must be EOOFED IN by private and united prayer. The more true, believing prayer is offered in the name of Jesus, the more peace and blessing may be anticipated. Where prayer is a reality, there will be a shelter from every storm and a refuge, in every trouble. Let.each one be frequent and faithful in prayer. Let there be the family altar, where all meet day by day in mutual supplication and thanksgiving. Let there be earnest petitions for the increasing presence and power" of the Holy Ghost. Especially let the prayer of David be offered in faith in the Saviour's name : " Let it please Thee to bless the house of Thy servant, that it may continue ior ever before Thee, and' with Thy blessing let the house of Thy servant be blessed for ever." (2 Sam. vii. 29.) 