{ADVERTISEMENT.] . THY KINGDOM OOME. SERMON BY HENRY GEORGE IN GLASGOW, [Published by the Taxation Reform League.] Friends will greatly, assist the Taxation and Land Reform movement by subscribing to the publishing fund, for which money i3 urgently required, or purchases and distributing tha pamphlets published by the Ieagu*; price, Id, each, or 3a, 6d, per 100. U.ha Hon. John Darling, M.L G . haa given £4 4s« to the publishing fund3, and several other gentlemen from £2 2a, aaob, the total amount already expanded being" between £70 and £80, Otdtrs and subscriptions may be sent to Edwaed WABD, ID, Royal Esoh'ange. G.- K. & W. H, Exhks, Adelaide. J. N. EIEKS, Port. A. T. Sounders, Semaphore, On Sunday, April 28, 1839, Mr. Haary George delivered a sermon in tha City Hall. Glasgow, Subject-".Thy Kingdom Come," The hall was crowded to suffocation long be fore the advertised hour, thousands were unable to obtain admission. Kev; Mr. Craiok shank, St. Rollock United Presbyterian Church, assisted by two church choirs, conducted the services. The proceedings began by tha chairman giving out the Old Hundredth Psalm, whioh was sung with fine effect by tha great assembly, Thereafter the ohairman led the meeting in prayer, and read and ex pounded portions of Scripture from Isaiah, chapter 68, and from the Sermon on the Mount, Matthew, chapter 6, verse 24. Mr, G'.orge said We have just joined in the most solemn, the most eacred, the most catholio of ail prayere, ,f Our Father which art in heaven." To all of its who have learned it in our in fancy it oft calls up the sweetest and most tender emotions. Sometimes with feeling, sometimes as a matter of course, how often have we repeated it! For centuries, daily, hourly, has tfcat prayer gone up. " Thy king dom corr.e !" Has it come ? Let this Christian city of Glasgow answer-Glasgow, .that was to "flourish by the preaching of the Word/ " Thy kingdom come!" Day after day, Sunday after Sunday, week after week, century after century, has that prayer gone up; and to day, in this so called Christian city of Glasgow, 125,COO human beings-ao youc medical officer says-125^00 children of God are living whole families in a single room, " Thy kingdom come!' We have bsen pray ing for it and praying for it, yet it has nofc come So long has it tarried that many think it will never come. There is the vital point in which what we are accustomed to call the Christianity of the present day differs so much from that Christianity which overran the ancient world-that Christianity which, beneath a rotten old civilisation, planted the seeds of a newer and higher; We have become accustomed to think that God's kingdom is not intended for this world -that virtually this is the devil's world, and [that God's kingdom is in some other sphere, to which He is to take good people when they die, If that ba so, what i3 the use of praying for the coming of the kingdom ? Is God-the Christian's God, the Almighty, the loving Father of whom Christ told-is Ha Euch' a monster as a god of that kind would be-a god who looks on this world, sees its sufferings and its miseries, sees high faculties absorbed, lives stunted, innocence turned to vice and crime, and heart strings strained and broken ; yet, having it in his power, will not bring that kingdom of peace, and love,- and plenty, and happiness ? Is God, indeed, a self willed deepot, whom we must coax to do the good He might? But, think of it. Tha Almighty-and I say it with reverence-the Almighty could not britR that kingdom of himself. For what is the kingdom of God-the kingdom that Christ tpught us to pray for ? Is it not in the' doing of God's will-not by automata, not by animals who ere compelled, but by intelligent beings made in his image, intelligent beings clothed 1 with free will, intelligent beings knowing good from evil, Swedenborg never said a deeper nor a truer thing, nor a thing more compatible with the philosophy of Chris tianity, than when he said God had never put any one into hell-that the devils went to hell because the; would rather go to hell than go to heaven, The spirits of evil would be un happy in a place where the spiris of good reigned, Wedded to injustice, and loving in justice, they would be miserable where justice was the law. And, correlatively, God could not put intelligent being?, having free will into conditions where they must do right with out destroying that free will, Way! Nay! "Thykingdom come!"-when Christ taught that prayer He meant, not merely that men must idly phrase these words, but that for the coming of that kingdom they must work a3 well as pray! Prayer! Consider what prayer is. How true is the old fable! The waggoner whose waggon was stuck in the rut knelt down fand prayed to Hercules to get it out. He might have prayed till the crack of doom, and the waggon would have Btood there. This world God's world-is not that kind of a world in which the repeating of words will get waggons out of mire or poverty out of slams. He who would pray with effect must work ! " Our Father which art in Heaven." Not a despot, ruling by MB arbitrary fiats, but a father, a loving father, our father, a father of us ail that was Christ's message, He is our Father and we are His children. But there are men, who, looking around on the suffering and in justice with which, even in so called Christian countries, human life is full, say there is no Father in Heaven-there can be no God, or He would not permit this. How superficial is that thought! What would we as fathers do for our children? Is there any man, who, having a knowledge of the world and the laws of human life, would bo surround his own with safeguards that he could do no evil, and Buffer no pain ? What would he malce by that course of education ? A pampered animal, not a self-reliant man! We are indeed His children, Yet let one of God's children fall into the water, and if ha ha3 not learned to swim he will drown. And if he is a long dis tance from land and near no boat or anything on which he may (ret, he will drown anyhow, whether he c^n Bwim or not. God the Creator might have made men so that they could swim like the fishes and yet have adapted this won derful liame of OUTS to all tUe purposes which the intelligence that is lodged within in re quires to use it for. God can make a fish; He can make a bird; but could he-His laws being what they are-make an animal that might at once swim as well as a fish and fly as well aa a bird ? That the intelligence which we must recognise bohind Nature is sltnighty does not mean that it cm contradict itself and stultify its own laws. No; we are the children of God. What God is who shall say? But every man is conscious of this-that behind what he sees there must have been a power to brine that forth; that, behind what he knows there is an intelligence far greater than that which is lodged in the human mind, but which human intelligence does in soma in finitely less degree resemblec Yes; we are Hi3 children. We in soma sort have that power of adapting thintra which we know must have been exerted to bring this universe into being. Consider those great ships for which this pjrfc of Glasgow is famous all over the world; consider one of those great ocean Bteamers, auoh as the Umbria, or the Etruria, or the 'City of New York, or the City of Paris, There, in the ocean which such ships cleave, are tha por poises, there are the whales, there are tne dolphins, there are all manner of fish. They are to day just as they were when Cteiar crossed to this islsiid-just as they were be fore the first ancient Briton launched his leather^covered boat Man to-day can swim no better than man could swim then, but consider how by his intelligence he has ad vanced higher and higher, bow his power of making things has developed, until now he crosses the great ocean quicker than any fieb. Consider one of those great steamers forcing her way across the Atlantic Ocaao, 4C0 miles a day, against a living gale. Is she sot in some sort a product of a god like power-a machine in some sort like the very fishes that ewim underneath, Hase is the disticguishing thing between man and the animals; here is the broad and im passable gulf. Man among all the animals is the only maker; man among all the animals is the only one that possesses that pod-like power of adapting meanB to ends; and is it possible that man po3 ueB&es; the power of so adapting merna to ends that he can cross the Atlantic in six days, and yet does not possess the power of abolishing the conditions that cro^d thousands of families into one room homes? When we consider the achievements o! man and then look upon tbe misery that exists to-day in the very centre of wealth, upon the ignorance, the weakness, the injustice that characterise our highest civilisation, we may know of a surety that it is not the fault of God ; it ia the fault of man, May we not know that in that very power God bas given to his children here, in that power of rising higher, there ia involved \- arfl necessarily involved-tha power of fallins' lower, "Our Father I" "Our Father?" Who?e? Not my Father-that is not the prayer, " 0.:r Fi ther"-not the father of any seat, of any I class, bat the Father of all men. The All Father, the equal Father, the loving Father. 1 fig it is we aek to being the kingdom. Aye, we asJs it with our lips! We call him " Oar Father," the all, the universal Father, when we kneel $t>wn to pray to Him. Bat that he ia the All-Fatter-that he fa all men'a Father -we deny by oos^pafcitutiona, The AU-Father who made tho woriiJ, the All-Father who created mall in his ita&g;?» and put him upon the earth to draw hia subsistence from ita boaom; to find in the earth bU the materials that satisfy his wants, waiting only feo^ba worked np. by hia labor. If Ha is the All Father, then are not all human bsipgs, all children of the Creator, equally entitled to the use of His bounty. And yet onr laws say that this God's earth ia not here for the use of all Hia children, but only for the use of a privileged few I There is a. little; dialogue published in the United States, west, some lime ago,- Possibly you map have seen it, It ia between a boy and hiB father, when visit ing a brickyard. The boy looks at the men .making bricks* and he a&ka; who those dirty men are,: why they aXQ making up the olay, aud what the? fare doing it for ? He learns, and then he asks, about the owner of tho brickyard. "He do65 not make any bricks; he gets bis income from .letting the other men make bricks." And then"fee aajre about what title there is to. the bricks, and *3 told th»t it comes from the men having made £hem. Then he wants to know Bow. the man who own3 the brickyard-gets his title-whether he made the yard? "No, he did not make it," the father replies, "Godmade it." Thaboyaaks-" Did God make it for him?" Whereat hia father tells him that he muet not ask questions such as that-but that anyhow it is all right, and it 13 all in accordance with God's law. Then the boy, who of course was a Sunday-school boy, and had been to church, goes off mumbling to himaelf that " God ao loved the world that He gave His only begotten son to die for all men; bat that Ha so loved the owner of j this briokyard that He gave him not only i hia only-begotten Son bat the brickyard too," This has a blasphemous sound. But I do not reter to it lightly. I do not like to speak lightly of sacred subjects, but it is a3 well sometimes that we should be fairly chocked - into thinking. Think of what Christianity teaches us; think of the life and death of Him who came; to die for men 1 Think of Hia teach ings, that; we are all the equal children of an almighty Father, who is no respecter of per sons, and then think of this legalised in justice -this denial of the most important, most fun damental rights of the children of God, which , some men-the very men who teach Chris tianity-uphold ; nay, which they blasphe i mouBly oEserfc ia the design and the intent of the Creator himself. Better to me, higher to me, is the atheist, who says there ia no_God, than the professed Christian, who, prating of the goodneEB and the Fatherhood of God, tells us in words aa some do, or tells in directly as others do, that millions and millions of human creatures-[at this point a child was heard crying]-don't take the little thing out -that millions and millions of human beings, like that little baby, are being brought into the world daily by the creative fiat, and no place in this world provided for them, Aye! tell us that by the laws of God, tho poor are created in order that the rich may have the unctious satisfaction of dealing out charity to them—tell us that a state of things like that which exists in this city of Glasgow, as in other great cities on both sides of the Atlan tic, where little children are dying every day, dying by hundreds of thousands, because, having come into this world-these children of God, with His fiat, by His decree-they find that there is not space on the earth suffi cient for them to live; and, driven out of the world became they cannot get room enough, cannot get air enough, cannot get sustenance enough. I believe in no such god. If I did, though I might bend before him in fear, I would hate him in my heart, Not room enough for little children here! Look around any country in the civilised world; ia there not room enough and to spare? Not food enough? Look at the unemployed labor, look at the idle acres, look through every country and see natural opportunities going fio waste. Aye! that Christianity that puts on the Creator the evil, the injustice, the suffering, the degradation, that are due to man's injustice, is worse, far worse, than atheism. That is the blasphemy, and if there be a sin against the Holy Ghost, that is the unpardonable sin. Why consider-"Give us this day our daily bread." I stopped in a hotel last week-a hydropathic establishment. A hundred or more guests sat down to table together. Before they ate anything a man stood up, and, thank ing God, asked Him to make us all grateful for His bounty.. So at every mealtime such an acknowledgment is made of well- filled boards;' What do they mean by it ? Is it mockery, or what? If Adam, when he got out of Eden, had sat down and commenced to pray, he might have prayed till this time without getting anything to eat. unless he went to work for it. Yet food is God's bounty. He does not bring the meat all cooked, vegetables all prepared, nor lay the plates,- nor-spread the cloth, What He gives are the opportunities of producing these things--of bringing them forth by labor. His mandate is-it is written in the holy word, it is graven in every face in nature-that by labor we shall bring forth these things, Nature gives to labor and to nothing else. What God gives are the natural elements that are indispensible to labor. He gives them, not to one, not to some, not to one generation, but to all. They are His gifts, His bounty, to the whole human race. And yet in all our civil ised countries what do we see ? That a few men have appropriated these bounties, claim ing them as theirs alone, while tho great majority have no legal right to apply their labor to the reservoirs of nature and draw from the Creator's bounty. And thus it comes that all over the civilised world that class that is called peculiarly the "laboring class" is the poor class, and that men who do no labor, who pride themselves on never having done honest labor and on being descended from fathers and grandfathers who never did a stroke of honest labor in their lives, revel in a superabundance of all the things that labor brings forth. (Here Mr. George told in brief Abner Thomas's story of a dream as published in the New York Standard some time ago.] Really, if you come to think of it, it is im possible to imagine heaven treated as we treat this earth, without seeing that, no matter how salubrious were its air, no matter how bright the light that filled it, no matter how magnificent its vegetable growth, there would be poverty, and suffering, and a division of classes in heaven itself if heaven were parceled out as we have parceled out the earth. And, conversely, if men in this life were to act towards each other as we must suppose the inhabitants of heaven to do, would not this earth be a very heaven ? " Thy kingdom come." No one can think of the kingdom for which the prayer asks without feeling that it must be a kingdom of justice and equality—not neces sarily of equality in condition, but of equality in opportunity. And no one can think of it without seeing that a very kiagddm of God " might be brought on this earth if men would but seek to do justice-if men would but acknowledge the essential principle of Christianity, that of doing to others as we would have others do to us, and of recognising that we are all here equally the children of the one Father, equally entitled to share His bounty, equally entitled to live our lives and develop our faculties, and to apply our labor to the raw material that He has provided. Aye ! and when a man sees that, then there arises that hope of the coming of the kingdom that carried the gospel through the streets of Rome, that carried it into Pagan lands, that made it against the most ferocious persecution the dominant religion of the world. Early Chris tianity did not mean, in its prayer for the coming of Christ's kingdom, a kingdom ia heaven, but a kingdom on earth, If Christ had simply preached of the other world the high priests and the Pharisees would not have persecuted Him, the Roman soldiery would not have nailed His hands to the cross. Why was Christianity persecuted ? Why were its first professors thrown to wild beasts, burned to light a tyrant's gardens, hounded, tortured, put to death by all the cruel devices that a devilish ingenuity could suggest ? Not that it was a new religion, referring only to the future. Rome was tolerant of all religions. It was the boast of Rome that all gods ware sheltered in her Pantheon; it was the boast of Rome that she made no interference with the religions of people she conquered. What was persecuted was a great movement for social reform—the Gospel of Justice-heard by com mon fishermen with gladness, carried by laborers and slaves into the Imperial City. The Christian revelation was tha doctrine of human equality of the Fatherhood of God, of the brotherhood of man. It struck at the very basis of that monstrous tyranny that oppressed the civilised world, it struck at the fetters of the captive, at the bonds of the slave; at that monstrous injustice which allowed a class to revel on the proceeds of labor, while those who did the labor fared scantily. That is the reason why early Christianity was perse cuted, And when they cauld no longer hold it down then the privileged class adopted and perverted the new faith, and it became, in outward triumph, not the pure Christianity of the early days, but a Christianity that, to a very great extent was the servitor of the privileged classes. And instead of preaching the essen tial Fatherhood of God, the essential brother hood of man, its high priests engrafted on the pure truths of the Gospel the blasphemous doctrine that the All-Father is a respector of persons, and that by His will and on His mandate is founded that monstrous injustice which condemns the great mass of humanity to unrequited, hard toil. Nothing is clearer than that if we are all children of the universal Father, we are en titled to the use of His bounty. No one date deny that proposition. But the men who set their faces against its carrying out say, vir- tually'"Oh, yes! that is true; but it is impracticable to carry it into effect." Just think of what this means—This is God's world, and yet such men say that it is a world in which God's justice, God 's will, cannot be carried into effect. What a monatrous ab surdity, what a monstrous blasphemy ! If the loving God does reign, if His laws are the laws not merely of the physical but of the moral universe, then there is a way of carrying His will into effect, then there must be a way of doing equal justice to all His creatures, And so there is. The men who deny that there is any practical way of carrying into effect the perception that all human beings are actually the children of the Creator, shut their eyes to the plain and obvious way. It is of course impossible in a civilisation like this of ours to divide land up into equal pieces, Snch a system might have done in a primitive state of society. Among a people such as that for whom the Mosaic code was framed. It would not do in this state of society. We have progressed in civilisation. beyond such rude devices, but we have not, nor can we,' progress beyond God's providence There is a way of securing the equal rights of all, not by divid ing land up into equal pieces, but by taking for the use of all that value which attaches to land, not as the result of individual labor upon it, but as the result of the increase of popula tion, and the improvement of society. In that way everyone would be equally interested in the land of his native country. If he used a more valuable piece than his neighbor he would pay a heavier tax. If he made no direct use of any land he would still be an equal sharer in the revenue. Here is the simple way, Aye ! and it is a way that impresses the man who really sees its beauty with a more vivid idea of the beneficence of the providence of the All Father it seems to me than anything else. One cannot look, it seems to me, through nature; whether he looks at the stars through a telescope, or have the microscopy reveal to him those worlds that we find in drops of water, whether we consider the human frame, the adjustments of the animal kingdom, or of any department of physical nature, he must see that there has been a contriver and adjuster, that there has been an intent. So strong is that feeling, so natural is it to our minds, that even men who deny the creative intelligence are forced, in spite of themselves, to talk of intent. The claws of one animal were intended, we say, to climb with, the fins of another to propel it through the water. Yet while in looking through the law's of physical nature, we find intelligence we' do not so clearly find benefi- cence. But in the great social fact that as population increases, and improvements are. made, and men progress in civilisation^ the one thing that rises everywhere in value ia land, we may see a proof of .the baneficence of the Creator, Why consider what it means ? It means that the social laws are adapted to progressive man! In a rude state of society where there is no need for common expendi- ture, there is no value attaching to land. The only value which attaches there is to things produced by labor. But as civilisation goes on, as a division of labor takes place, as men come into centres, so do the common wants increase and so does the necessity for public revenue arise. And so in that value which attaches to land, not by reason of anything which the individual does, but by reason of tbe growth of the community, ia a provision intended-we may safely say intended-to meet that social want. Just as society grows so do the common needs grow, and so grows this value attaching to land-the provided fund from which they can be supplied. Here is a value that may be taken without impair ing the light of property, without taking any thing from the producer, without lessening the natural rewards of industry and thrift. Nay, here is a value that mnat ba taken if we would prevent the most monstrous of all monopolies. What does all this mean ? It means that in the creative plan the natural advance in civilisation is an advance to a greater and greater equality instead of to a more and more monstrous inequality. "Thy Kingdom come." It may be that wa shall never see it- But to the man who realises that it may come, to the man who realises that it ia given to him to work for the coming of God's kingdom on earth, there is for him, though he never may see it, an exceedingly great reward-tbe reward of feeling that he, little and insignificant though he may be. is doing something to help the coming of that kingdom, doing something on the side of that good power that shows all through the universe, doing something to tear this world from tha devil's grasp and make it tha kingdom of righteousness. Aye, and though it should never come, yet those who struggle for it know in the depths of their hearts that it must exist somewhere-they know that somewhere, some time, those who strive their best' for the coming of the kingdom, will be welcomed into the kingdom, and that to them, even to them, sometime, somewhere, the King shall say "Well done, thou good and faithful servant; enter thou into the joy of thy Lord." Who bath ordained that a parchment scroll Should fence round miles of land, Wbil8 millions of hands want aorea And millions of acres want hands 5 The aims of the Land Nationalisation, Single Tax, and Anti-poverty Societies, and the Taxa tion Reform League,; and the ultimate result of the attainment of their desires, are so frequently misunderstood and misrepresented, sometimes wilfully so, that the opportunity afforded by the issue of this sermon to briefly state what their objeots really are, and what the results of the adoption of their proposals would be, is glidly availed of. The aims are-1, The exemption from all land tax qf the amount originally paid to tha Govern ment for land, and alao the exemption from land tax of all lands leased from the Government (the single tax being realty a rental, and as euch should not be paid twice), thus relieving the farmers of an unfair tax, as the Govern ment bns been or has to be paid for most farm ing land at its fnll value, 2. The abolition of Customs. duties on all goods whioh cannot be grown, produced, or manufactured in Sooth Australia. 3. The abolition of the present sy&tem; of municipal and district council rating, and in its place levying municipal and district rates on unimproved land values only. 4. The ultimate levying of a land tax of 5 per cent, per t^nnum on the unimproved value of all alienated land, deducting from such valud tbe amount paid or to be paid the Government for the land aB before mentioned. The result will be-1, The freeing of the masses (especially the farmers) from the burden of taxation now weighing on them, and the transference of that burden to the holders ot valuable town and suburban tanda, and to the owners of large areas of our best country lands made valuable by thB general increase of population and the expenditure ot public money in the building of railroads, public roads, and other works. 2nd. The mo3t important, the unlocking of lands now held out of UE8 for speculation, and tha compelling of holders of valuable land, who do not utilise their, land to its full extent, to do so, or to give place for those who will, It is often stated that the farmers will have to pay the proposed land tax, but this ib untrue. For instance, a farmer holds 400 acres of land for whioh the Government re ceived £3 per aore, the present unimproved va'.ne being £3 per acre; under the Bingle tax sjBtem he would not pay one penny. On the contrary, his present land tax of id. in the £ on £1,200, his district council rates, and, the duty on bis tea, sugar, coffee, tobacco, &o;,, would be abolished j "bat the person who holds thousands of acres which he bought from the Government at 12a. 6d. per acre, the unim proved value of which is now £10 per aore, would have to pay 5 per cent, on £9 7s. 6cL, or 9s. 4id. per acre per annum, and the owners of such aa the potato lands at Mount Gambier, for which £3 per aore is now paid in advance for the right to use it for nine months, would have to pay about £3 10a. par acre per annum. Again, the man who bought a town ship allotment, or suburban section, for whioh the Government has had fall value, would pay nothing, but the wealthy absentees who own bo many town acre3 in Adelaide, now worth £lGO,?OOf each would have to pay £5,000 per aore per annum. The last land tax valuation of the colony waa about £30,000,000; of thiB about £10,000.000 has been received by the Government, princi pally for farming land, townships, and section* suburban thereto, which,, under the single tax scheme, would be exempt from taxation, leaving £20,000,000 (the unearned increment) taxable, which at 5 per cent, would bring into the Treasury £1,000,C00 per annum, and allow the abolition of the following taxes, viz,: Cuptoms £550,000 Present land tax ... 60,000 Corporation ratea ... ... ... 50,000 District council rates 50,000 Probata and succession duties ,.. 25,000 Stamp duties 30,000 Income tax 30,000 Licenses ... ... ... ... 27,000 Light dues, &c.; 15,000 School fees ... ... 26,000 Total £863,000 Of course this tax would destroy the specu lative value fof land; and would therefore tem porarily lessen the total land valuation, but much of the wealthy man's land is cow under valued, and this* when remedied, wonld materially reduce the deficiency. In discussing this question moBt people think and speak of the proposed tax on land as a tax which is not now paid, but will have to b? if the single tax is adopted, ignoring or not recognis ing the fact that the tax is now being; paid by the community to private people,iu the form of ground rents. The real question ia-" Shall grout d rents continue to flow into the pocket a of private people (many of whom aire ab sentees), or shall they be diverted into the Treasury by a 5 per cent, land tax, and simultaneously with f.thia diversion, shall tbe Customs duties and other taxes be abolished?" Farmers who support a property tax and objeot to the single tax surely cannot know that tbe amount paid, or- to;be paid, to the Government for their land .will be exempted from taiation ttudex the sifljfle tax scheme ,* bat under tha property tax they will have to pay mt only on tho full improved value of their lacd. but also on the value of their hf>-i«ps, farm building,, dams, stock. &c;, iu exctss of £000. 2i5K217x2j0 