J^al and feipt l^ura. Outing to an immense pressure of jobwork nod the editor-in-chicf being away from town, we have to present our second sheet this week with one page blank. To Corraapondertte,-Various : There arc no Champion* obtainable for Dec. 19th, 22nd, or 31st.-Aramoc : You will have observed ere this our correspondent bns aroused him* Hclf.-Shearer: We are aware now the judge did not severely reprimand the shearer* in ibe Kensington ease. The " urgent" to which you and others object to ns being in correct was from a private source. You will have read ere this a full and impartial account of the whole thing.-Nemo: Yes, we thought Darc&ldine; was in the Barcoo until we observed the advt. in the Uullctin emanat ing from Mr. Charkcr. But no one.will " buy a pig in a poke" you know ; the lessee (if one can be found) will discover the Cha)npton has been printed and published in the 13nrcoo for 10J years-and is likely to continue to be published in that district until the cud of time. - Inquirer.' Our ftdvt, columns will give you all the information you require. The horse market is fairly good throughout this district we believe \ as re* gards Olackall w<6b to Budge &c; Co., or Nevile & Co--Campbell & Co.: Numerous correspondents arc informed that Mr. Camp bell will return on Thursday night front his aix weeks tour round.-StonebeD^e: Ibe weights for your handicaps were printed in /iftt column second page on Dec. 11th ; hunt up ycur file. Band of Hope.-An interesting entertain ment was given before a good audience by the Band of Hope children, in the Primitive Methodist Church last night. The conga, fee., were well sung, and showed much careful training ; the rcciiation from the Rev. A. K. Fox being inters|>cr6cd with verses from the choir on all appropriate occasions. The Rev. Lester-Lester paid us a flying visit on his way to Brisbane and conducted services on 6unday in the Town Hall, with communion in the morning. There was a crowded attendance, end the impressiveness of the sermons wf&'erinced by the marked attention of the people. The singing was entered into heartily, Mrs. Francis presiding at the organ. It is a matter of regret that iu a town like tbfr, where ocarJy all the other denominations are represented, the Church of England should be non est on accouut of want of n narson. Oddfellows.-At a meeting of ibc ezreuti ve officers of the local lodge, held last evening, final arrangements were completed for enter* tatning the delegates to be present at the annual district meeting, which is this year to be held at Barcaldine ou Monday. A banquet will be held at 6hak«pearc:*fl Hotel, at 8*30 p.m., and tickets arc fixed at the moderate figure of half-a- sov. Gardening, dc.-It is rumored that a white man has offered to take a pnrden mid supply the township with vegetables, provided be is guaranteed sufficient costom to make it pay. A paper has been going round for signature, with what tsucccss we are unable to say at present. Another enterprising townsman proposes to run a fi«h mnrkct here twice a week, And if backed up will run the concern almost immediately, lie has, bo we were informed, over 20cwt. already dried and malted, but when bo baB increased the quantity to 40 or 50 cwt, be hopes to begin to sell. Tbeso arc the kind ot men we want. Zan Tan Library.-\\\Tc bear that the Z. T. Library ordered through Mr. Tolano has comc to grief. The firm below took several weeks getting tbc books together, as so many were stated to be " out of print." One mail brought the news that the books were shipped; the next that the " Eurimbla," having them on board, had struck a reef, and it was uncertain cither when or in what con» dition they would reach Ulackall, Mean while the cupboard built for the purpose, and now in the State School, must remain empty. Barcaldine SmallOebts Court-Oa Decem ber 28th, before Messrs. A. M. Francis, P.M., and A. Parnell, J.l\, William Billings, of Arawac, sued McArlncy for breach of agreement. The plaintiff deposed he had arranged with Claxton, on the 27th Novem ber, that a load of goods, consisting of a ton of potatoes, two bags of onions, and sundry other goods, should bo delivered in Aramnc within four days of despatch. He received them in a rotten state on the IStli December, owing to McArtney's culpable delay, and then he could not sell them. Samuel CJaxton corroborated the evidence, and no witnesses being called for the defence, the defendant was fined £80, value of load, 6s costs, and £2 20s. for witness. Total, £32 15s.-Oo January 4th, Kastlalcc v. Bradbury, profes sional work done and money advanced, £25 I6s. 6d, The defendant pleaded not indebted. From tho evidence it was provod that the defendant bad engaged the plaintiff to secure his wtiflnate of insolvency, which ultimately be was unable to do, and that ho had also lent the defendant money at different-times, and produced the receipts. For tho defence H was held that the item of charges of £2 3s. 4d., and £3 6s. for professional work, were excessive. A vcrdict was found for plaintiff for amount, with fis. costs, find 5s. 'witness, total, £20 Cs. Cd.-Andrews v. Ivors, deten tion oi horses. This was a case in which George Andrews, a shearer, summoned Henry Ivors, a paddock keeper, for detention of horses. The plain!iff deposed he took two borecs on the )0lh December to the yard,; and left them there in defendant's charge.1 On the 27th December he went for them, but they could not be found, and have not yet1 boon delivered to him. He claimed £25 as I vtilvc. For defence Henry Ivors proved an I alibi, said the horses might be there 6till; he would look for them. ?'bc plaintiff was nonsuited, and ordered to pny two guineas, defendant's cost*. ThoRieo in Carriage.-Several telegrams hare been received from virions parts of the district protesting ngainst the extreme rise in rates adoptc 1 at Wednesday's meeting. A Arm in ltockbampton having extensive busi ness relations with the Uarcoo and Mitchell, wires Mr. J. Lloyd-Jones ns follows:-" The policy adopted by the carriers is suicidal in the extreme. We protest most strongy against it, as it is vastly prejudicial to the contra! districts. Wire fully the exact posi tion of the carriers with regard to the pro posed new tariff *, if any of I hum arc willing to stand aloof, nnd carry at old ratos will Tire tbcm tbe whole of our business." Important to Btackatt Subscribers.^Wc hnve made arrangements witi* Mchsrti. Cobb & Co. to convey out papers 10 lJluckall every WedncKday, aa at present, *o that we ah ail not be dependent upou an erratic mail t>cr* vice via Jer cho. BlachaU Mail.-The first mail of the new ficrvice got l>cUmdt awl instead of reuchinp here on Friday morning, was delayed in Jcrfclio until Saturday evening. What was formerly known as" Thursday afternoon's mail was delivered in Bnrcaldinc on tbe 1 flund iy morniug I This wont do. The Labor Question.'-As an outcome of the resolutions ponsed at the " Central Queens* land Laborers' Uniou" (be rotibcaboute at Bcaconsficld are receiving the 30s. per week. I but on the other band they are only allowed the regulation 10, 8, 2, and &»£, upou which it seem* they will not only have tocxiut, if not fatten, but do bard work besides, the USUA) additions in the shape of j>oto?oe.«y jams, pickles, Jcc., having been witndrawu, It's really getting " wurscr and wuraer." Tho Holidays at Bfackall.-Our own cor respondent, uudcr date 31st Dec., writis On iloxmg Day impromptu races came off on our racecourse, Messrs. Wicker, Lane, Nevilc, Tolano, and Myers, officiating as stewards, Mr. 11. A. Markwell 06 judge, and Mr, P. T. Tozer, as starter, gave every bntiH faction. The amount of prize money in at! was only £32, but notwithstanding this fact a good afternoon's spurt took place, contest ants being fairly numerous. There were on the programme four races for gia*fc-fcd horses. The first, a three- quarter-mile spin, catch weight#, waa won by the Alice Downs luarc, 1 airline, Cadet second, and Hotspur third. The t-eeond Was over a distuiice of hair-a-milc, also catch weightx, the hor-e* biiiug ptactid as follows:-Frenzy, I ; Wil liam, 2 ; and l*udding- foor, «l. The third another three-quarter-mile spurt, 11 sr. up, was won by William, Skylark being second, and IiUtline third, whilst the last ra^e for horses, half-a'mile, 15) fit, up, was won by Skylark, llolepor and Not Much filling the places. In a 100 yards footrace tnc situa tions were filled by l'rattcn, llallinane, and Charlie (aboriginal), iti that order. In a 150 ynrdb footrace Ifallinanc was firtt, W, Con nolly second, and Cahill tliiid. The prize for befit high jump was won by an aboriginal. Other athletic sport6 completed a good pro gramme. The extreme heat of the afternoon was against thorough enjoyment, and the fact of the stewards allowing Messrs. Hunks Bros/ b g (skylark to start as a gra^fed caused a deal of dissatisfaction. This horse iiaa been stabled, corn-fed, and (rained lately, is entered for the principal handicaps on the 3rd prox., and has competed amongst the best liaicoo racehorses before now. Although Skylark may be a useless brute, yet owners of bona fide grass-fed hacks should have protection accorded to them by the stewards, and this horse had certainly no right to start* Big Blackall Boom.-Our occasional cor respondent writes: - The entertainment given on Boxing Night in the Town Hall by the Amateur Minstrel Troupe was perhaps the most successful of its kini that wc have been treated to in Blackall for some years. Some months ago Mr. P. A. AHken and a few kindred spirits in the shape of the indefatig able Mr. Vivian, set the ball a-rolling, and with Mr. Gilder, a smart promising musician now staying with us, at the helm of the musical venture, the troupe, wc believe, en larged and prospered as only well-managed and well-constituted troupes can. Our own experience has taught us that an incredible amount of boiling down and hard work is absolutely necessary to refine the raw matenal of the bush township?. We must congratu late Messrs. Gilder and Vivian as stage manager*, and in fact every member of the B.A.M.C. on the quality of the work ex hibited on Wednesday last. We anticipated nothing of such merit, and we can only bold up the 26th as a reprimand and a warning to those benighted spirit* who so carefully and emphatically dcclarc that no good can come from Blackall unless themselves held the rem*. With great pleasure we now turn to the programme itself. In the first place the B.A.M.C. had the honor and pleasure of play ing before tbc iarpcbt house Ulncksfi DAS produced. This alone gave a cheery tone to the performance, and (he jingle of the £30 in ibo bands of the doorkeeper was a host in itself. At the rise of the curtuiu (he crowded room gave vent to their appreciative feeling, for the display was quite charming. Mr. Gilder's overture, "Night and Morning" (written, composed, and dedicated to the B.A.M. Trounc) opened the proceedings smoothly nud musically. The composition is one of considerable merit. The old fangled phrases, chords and transitions, tbc refuge of the usual amateur, were rigidly excluded-in some cases perbapR too rigidly ; and the harmony meandered through sharps and flats in glorious freedom, and generally with smart effect. The ancient" Ku.pl-dce," sung in 6uch good humor nnd style by the very versatile Vivian, just set the audience in a happy "go." Kr. Vivian is the head stone hi the corner of the troupe. " Kiss me, good bye," a ballad of Mr. Gilder's, was admirably rendered by Mr. G. Moriue, and was followed by the Rtrains of a song "So early in the morning." We may say it was rather late in the day to take up such an old lay, but nerer mind', Mr. G. ltcigelhuth sang in very fair form, and after all perhaps you cAnnot beat the oid songs. " Tell me iot'c, ob t tell BIG," another ballad by Mr. Gilder-by-the-way. tbfat gentloraan bad no less than five original pieces in the first part-was loudly applauded, Masters Charles and Frank Minois being in very gool form. Mr. W. H. Charkcr is an acquisition to the troupe. His two songs, " Just in the old sweet way" and " Story of a kiss" (Mr. Gilder's), went splendidly, especi ally the latter, io which the response, 41 Oh 1 what joy," highly amused the audicncc. Wc own that wc had some misgivings as to Mr. Charker's pliability on the stage. It was therefore With great relief we observed the stiffness wear off, knowing that confidence once obtained Mr. Charker makes a capital comer man. Mr. E. Brady's " Remembrance of the pa/it" seemed to be a very sad one, but Mr. Brady is an important item of tho circle, and one from whom wo expect much. " White wings" had scarce time to carry Mr. Gilder "farover the sea," ere the familiar strains of the "Camperdown Races" drew the attentioji of the audience to the able tambourine, who brought the "chairs" to a close amidst great excitement amongst those present. Wc may add tho eboruses went well, and wc admire Mr. Gilder's pluck in attempting partsinging under such circum stanccs. Mr. Aiiken ably filled the centre chair, and took the squibs as well becomes a good interlocutor. " The put away brigade" deserve a good 6hare of praise if their raven ous appetites consider it acceptable, The novel method of getting rid of tLcir Mongolian friends is deserting of consideration by our worthy fathers, who might enjoy the brigade to advantage. Their drill, simple but effective, went splendidly. A selection of woltr.s opened Part II, While Mr. Murine causcd11 ructions" over " I iliil It," And to a call for more gave tbe lawt vcrnc. Mr. Charles Minnts shone with a fresh brilliancy in "Never take' no* for an answer," tbougii we roust sny we arc not friendly to this style of song and metamorphosis when need lessly introduced. Once more Mr. Vivian wosoallcd on the stage, and after bis per' formance and acceptance on Wednesday last bis name in a programme should ensure SUCCCSH to an entertainment. 11 Black Justice" kept the audience roaring till the curtain fell. As comical as it seemed how often in the diapering of white justicc can vrc see such singular incongruities as we then roared at. The dancp, we hear, WBB immense though family cAres rendered our presence impossible. And as 2 o'clock chimed us the music and the tripping stopped ; wc jnny write it down a thorough success. For the band-Mown. Spiers (violin), Kyeh (cornet), Worrnll (English concertina), W. J. Green (flute), W. A. Gilder (pfnno),-we have no thing but praise. Such a large share of the success was owing to their efforts. Mr. Gilder's rousio is bright, uncommon, and pleasing, and we shake hands with ourselves, congratulating ourselves on haviug amongst os such a thorough practical musician. A word in season (o the H.A.M.T: Unity is strengLh. You have put your hands to the plough and you only nned perseverance and a few ladies and you have no rivals in the west. Blaokali Races*-We learn that Mr. K. A. | Murkwell won the double with Deception ; I owing to tbe altered mail service our report will probably reach us eome time next week. I The Chinese Gardeners have lurncd the tables on tho townspeople here with a ven geance ; Johnny taking: " You boycottce me, mo boycottee you 1"-nod no wore vegetables are to be been in any of our hoieh. Promotion.-It its Bt&tcd; on authority that our worthy P.M. Is about to leave tbib pleas ant town of sand, sin, and scaudal, and finding 44 fresh fields and pastures new," His departure will be viewed with feelings of genuine regret by the community nt large, as his known impartiality in the dispensing of justice, his liberal hospitality, and bib deep interest in all our social life, has gained him a wide and well-deserved respect. I Centra/ Cricket Club Concert.-Of course 1 Ne w Year's Day would pass a way very quietly were it not for something with which to wind up the holiday, and realising that the empty exchequer of the local cricket club required replenishing, the energetic secretary, Mr. J. Hyland, determined to muke New Year's night of 1889 remembered for some time to cnmc by providing a good eveuing's cntertuinmcnt and at the same time wiping off thai uuplcawant incubus-a debt. Those who remembered Pine Hill's greatest success in the concert line--the one held in the goods sited in aid of the cricket club, prognosticated a splendid succenH tor Mr. Hylnnd'ti effort ot llurcaldiuc. And well were general expectations realised, for never was a better entertainment given in Dnrcal dine, neither have there before been such a crowd gathered in our local hall. The pro* gramme bad been most judiciously chosen, and althouch a better arrangement could perhaps have been made of tbc number, still we doubt if greater diversity could have been introduced. Owing to tbc late bour at which the races terminated it was 8.30 before the curtain rose upon the bare stage\ a few curtains would have made a vast improve mcnt, aud relieved the patchwork bAck scene and tbc one solitary tree of its everlasting monotony. The hall was crowded to excess, the takings representing nearly £25 ; there were unfortunately a number of drunken rowdies in the back, who once ot twicc marred nn exquisite selection-nigger buai. ncss and low music ball pongs are more tc their taste, aud while they cheered and became excited over the antics and contor tions of Barcaldine's Champion Digger, Arthur Callcott, high class music was re* ccivcd with disapprobation and the vocalist* derided. Part one commenced with a long overture " Viols/1 exquisitely performed b,v Mrs. Bartholomew and M r. Ncwble; followed by "The Wreath," the good old favorite being well rendered by Messrs. Francis, Neecb, and Peterson. Miss Francis followed with " Could I but say," given in her usua] tasteful and finished style, while in the nexl numlier Mr. Wright brought down tbc back seats with "Gentleman Still," this stupid song being a favorite, as is Mr. Wright'* second number, " Moriarity," with a ceriaio class of our community. Mies Ahcrn wo* nervous in " lied Kobin," and evidently suffered from a cold, but she got through fairly well. Mr. Nisech, of Blackall, the well-known author of " Zan-Tan," the child* reus operetta, was the success of tbc even ing in bis song in chaiacter " The Bun downer,n written and composed by Mr Neecb# The make up was capital, and w< feel confident our Blackall friends would fail to recognise in the shock- headed, dim 8uubumtfacc,and ragged ly-apparalled objeel their dumlnie. Miss Annio Affoo performed the difficult accompaniment creditably, while Mr. Necch appeared in excellent form, and was uproaruusly applauded, especially bj several occupying the back seats, who had "evidently been there"and knew all about it Miss Francis* song, 44 Alone," was a success, while the44 Angel's Serenade" with violin ob bligato (Mr. Ncwble), by Miss Powelle, was ao exquisite number and beautifully rendered. Mr, Peterson gave 14 Nancy Leu" with a vim that inspired the audience, for one and all joined in the chorus; an encore was demanded but not acceded to. Mr. Gray, decked in Blue Peter's colore, was warmly applauded for his sailor's hornpipe. The Sart concluded with a 44 Forcible Arrest,* y Messrs. James and Callcott, in which c number of variously aged jokes were success* fully worked off. Part II opeued with a selection (piano and violin) 44 roinsettiana,' by Miss. Affoo and Mr. Ncwble, nicely rendered and not too long. Miss Fr&ncit; contributed "The Last ttoso of Summer/' winning of course much applause, and wac followed by the old favorite, Mr. Golding, with " The Englishman," and in response to an undeniableencorc. "The Gallants of WW. land"; further on in the programme he gave by request. "When other lips." It Is uome time since Miss Davis has Appeared upon out local platform, and the fair vocalist was warmly welcomed ; " Norah Acushla*' was given tastefully and feelingly, and received the applause it merited. The following number was a gem, "Coming through the rye," by Miss I'owclU; even the " gods" paid the greatest attention to the charming little ballad. Mr. Francis contributed "Lads and Lasses," with bis accustomed vivacity, and Miss Affoo sang a new ballad "Street Birds," A charming song, charmingly rendered, with n takiug, trilling accompaniment. An encore was demanded and the laBt verse repeated. After Mr. Wright's selection in character " Moriarity," which was well sung, the duct "Whispering Hope,1' by the Misses Affoo, Mrs. Bartholomew accompanist, was fairly well rendered. The performance concluded with a short farce," Ghost in a Pawnshop,*' by Messrs. James, Callcott, and Cooke, of the Champion. Minstrels. The amuring sketch was quickly played, Mr. Callcott being particularly good, while Cooke, although perhaps an adept at ringing the bell at the local chapel, did not Rhine romnrkably as " Ike," the stable boy. Upon the completion of the farce all who had assisted in the evening's entertainment formed a haltaircle | on the Btage and joined in " Auld Lang Syne." Seats were rapidly cleared away, and at 11.30 dancing commenced, many of our lead ing townsfolk remaining for a few houis 41 tripping of the light fantastic." Excellent music was provided by Miss Affoo and Messrs. James (piano) and Fred Andrews (accordian), and A programme of fifteen dances was gono through, "God Save the Queen" waking up the neighboring roosters at 3 a.m. Hcfreshincnts of fruit, pastry, "soft stuff," &c.; (especially the &c.;) was provided by Messrs, Campbell and Smith, Mr. Hyland and hisouc or two helpers arc to be congratulated upon the success of their efforts, am) the treat they afforded us; we hope they will not now rest upon their oars but soon provide us with another enjoyable concert and jolly dance. Barcaldine Police Court.-Before Messrs, A. M. Francis, P.M., and A. Parnell, J.I'. On December 24th, liawlcy was brought tip for drunkcnnesR, assaulting the police, and indecent exposure. The offences befog proved, be was sentenced altogether to pay £ 1010a., or two months and twelve hours gaol. On Deccmber28th, McBrider. Hopps, desert* tag from hired service. The evidence went to prove that the defendant had been hired for six months, and had left before the ter mination of his written agreement. For the defence II was argued that he had Mrs, McBridc'a consent to go, and called in evi dencc George Harvey, who corroborated the statement. He was ordered to forfeit All wages due to him for his tbreo weeks' work. On December 31st, Mr« Emerson was granted permission to use his license at the racecourse on the 1st and 2nd January. On January 1st, G. Ward, brought up for disorderly con duct, was fined 10ft, At the meeting of justices, the applications of Messrs. J. P. Peterson and J. Lloyd-Jones for auctioneer ing licenses were granted. Arthur Gray was granted a stage coach liccnse for Barcaldine and Western roads. On January drd, J. Riley, brought up for abusive conduct In a public place, was discharged. McBrlde v, Townsend, deserting from hirod service. The plaintiff deposed he had engaged the defend ant as cook for three months through his agent in Kockhampton, and that the defend ant had refused to work, declaring that washing dishes WAS not in his Agreement, ind had left on the 3rd Jnst. without per mission. The defendant pleaded be was ?nly required to keep bis own cooking uten sils clean. The caso was dismissed. New Auctioneer.-That Barcaldine is pro-1 pr^bbkjg is undeuiab'e by the fact- that a j secojf^uctionpfcr bus hung out his shingle. I Msri, l\ Peterson line obtained an auctioneer's license, and will bold bis maiden sale to* morrow week, when he will disp'»sc of Mr. Francis' furnilute. Tharcsbould be plenty of room tor two wicldcrs of the hammer. The Holidays. -The Christmas and New year's festivities in tbia town were very moderate. Special services wcie held at the different clmrciie*, and the town itself was very full, many having to be refused accom modation. Among the hotels we noticed that ShakBpCKte, Lennon, and Emerson I seemed to derive the moat attraction. There was uot much in the way of amusement, some athletic sports on Boxing Pay being the centra of attraction, the event in which I was the ladies race, very keenly contested among the fair eex. The laces on New j Year's day took everybody oat of town, leav ing it empty until the evening, when a few fights eulivened the proceedings, aud kept the policc busy. Mrs. and Mr. Francis with their usual hospitality gave a party on B"xing night, consisting of waxworks and Christmas games, inviting nil who chose to come, the little ones being specially chosen, and the result was a crowded and deeply interested audience. The Bench having made an order for all the hotels to be shut at 11 p.m. promptly on New Year's Kve, the townspeople was severely sober, barring a tin kettle compsuiy, who thought by levying black anil to till their skins, bat it was a dccidcd failure, one of them being run in and getting IB days fur his pleasantry. 