OPENING OF THE HEALESVILLE LAWN TENNIS COURTS. —•• On Wednesday afternoon the official opening of the above took place. During the forenoon the weather was all that could be desired, but shortly after noon heavy clouds gathered overhead, and about 2 p.m. rain commenced to fall and continued for about half-an-hour,* after which it stopped. At 3 o'clock a large and brilliant assemblage gathered to- gether on the tennis ground, the colors of the newly-formed club being very conspicuous in many of the costumes worn by the ladies. About 3.15 p.m. Mrs Shaw, of Corranderrk, who was to officicially open the courts stood on the outer base of the eastern courts and delivered the following address:— Ladies and gentlemen—I feel greatly flattered by being called upon to open your lawn tennis court, and before doing so allow me to congratulate you upon the success which has eroded your efforts in this movement. I do not think you could have obtained a mot;e central and convenient site, and I feel sure that this tennis court will prove a great boon to the people of Healesville. Lawn tennis is a game in which anyone may join, without the slightest compunction of conscience. It is also a good game physically. It strengthens the muscles, expands the chest, brings to health youthfuluess, beauty, and bloom to the pale cheeks of those who are confined to offices, shops, &c.; Another pleasing feature is that the ladies have taken such an active part in this movement. You know, gentlemen, 1 do not think you could succeed without the help of the ladies. This reminds me of a story I heard a few days ago told by an American lady. A teacher was catechising a little girl as to how God made Adam and Eve. The girl answered "God made Adam out of dust, and God caused a sound sleep to fall upon Adam, and took out his backbone and made woman." Now, ladies, seeing you have the backbone of the man, I have no doubt you will prove a match for the gentleman in the game of lawn tennis. Ladies and gentlemen, I have great pleasure in opening the Healesville Lawn Tennis Courts by serving the first ball.—(Cheers.) An exhibition game was then played by Messrs Baird and Cameron against Messrs Farrell and Helyar, the former being the winners, after which mixed sets were played on both courts for the rest of the afternoon. Play ceased about 5 o'clock. In the evening a social was held in Edgcumbe's Hotel, the large dining room of which was kindly lent to the club by Mr and Mrs Edgcumbe. The following programme was rendered :—" The Vicar's Song," by Mr J. S. Pierce. Mrs George followed with the " Meny, Merry Sunshine" in her usual sweet style. A pianoforte solo by Miss Shaw was creditably rendered, and Mr Trezise was applauded for his rendition of "Dublin Bay." Mr Asher then gave the ghost scene from "Hamlet." A tableau representing, " Faith, Hope, and Charity," was then shown, the parts being taken by Misses Hyming, Sheehan, and Stokes. Messrs Lowuian and Arnold, of Yarra Glen, followed with "The Blue Alsatian Mountains," and " Happy Moments," and were well received. A two-act tableau, entitled, " Mary Queen of Scots," and j|the execution scene, were then given, the caste being " Queen Mary," Mrs Edgcumbe; "Favorite Maid," Mrs Wainewright; " Maids in Waiting," Mrs Lander, Misses Sheehan and Hyming; " Headsman," Mr J. S. Helyar. This was splendidly given. Another tableau followed, "The Light of other Days," being a candle stuck on a box. Mr Shaw sang the "British Lion" in good style, and Messrs Lowman and Arnold were loudly applauded for their duet, "Larboard Watch." Mr aud Mrs George received an ovation for their duet, " It's very Improper." Mr Asher greatly pleased the audience with liis rendition of A. Lindsay Gordon's poem, entitled " My Sister." A charade, " Content," which was admirably given, concluded the programme. The parts in this were taken by Mr and Mrs and Master George, Mr and Mrs Warn ewright, and Air Trezise. Mr Asher, on behalf of the club, moved a vote of thanks to the host aud hostess for their liberality and kindness to the members of the club on this occasion. Dancing commenced at 11.30 p.m., and continued until 3.30 a.m., and was interspersed with songs, etc. The catering was in the hands of Mr T. R. Trezise, and refreshments were served out at intervals. The social was very successful on the whole, and everybody seemed to thoroughly enjoy themselves. 