MR DAVID CHRISTIE MURRAY. NOVELIST, JOURNALIST, AND LECTURER. A Bump Itnimvniw my a Timid Admibkb. " It is very good of you to let me come so soon after your arrival," remarked a represen- tative of the Courier yesterday morning to Mr D. O. Murray. " Not at all," was the reply, "an interview is quite part of the day's work now that I am on my travels. But you will have to begin," added Mr. Murray. " People interviewed are like ghosts they don't speak unless they are spoken to." " Well if I may perhaps I had better ask at once, ' What is it that has pleased you most during your stay in Australia ? " " The people - (emphatically) " beyond everything and above everything the people. The kindness, the hospitality, the friendliness I have met everywhere have been overwhelm- ing." "But don't you see that it has been just as nice for ourselves and for you of We all know your books, and naturally, we are glad to know you." The speaker did not venture to say to the distinguished, novelist all that was in mind on this subject, but there is no reason why it should not be revealed here. The truth is that in this world of disappointments and disillusions it is always delightful to find that one's long-cherished china bears the right cipher, that one's idol has foot of good solid metal, and that one's swan is a swan to the uttermost feather. A short interview could not, of course, enable even the most astute of persons to discover in our visitor tiny fresh talents besides those which already command our admiration, but it did give me the opportunity of assuring our- selves adour lady readers, whowillboepeoially interested in hearing it-that Mr. Murray is all that is implied in the comprehensive term "nice." His appearance, to begin with, is eminently propoBsoasiug. In figure he is fairly tall, and in dimensions fairly well, comfortable. Perhaps, however, a loose-fitting brown velveteen coat had something to do with the air of substantiality. Mr. Murray has a particularly fine head, well-formed and massive, rather light brown hair, silvering a little hut abundant still, good features of a straight somewhat broad Saxon type, and colour honest-looking blue eyes. In manner he is straightforward, kindly, and very pleasant, and what he has to say Oh spoken with candour and yet with courtesy. Altogether Mr. Murray impressed our representative as " quite the sort of man one would expect from his books " no slight praise. Shall you write a book on Australia ? " was the next question put to Mr. Murray. "No indeed!" was "the reply. "I would not venture on such an impertinence. It is impossible for any _ visitor merely running through the country in a few weeks to write a book worth anything on such a subject. The country is too great. I should want years to study it properly." " Every one has not thought so." "No." The significance of the emphasis appeared to sum up Trollope, Sala, and the imaginative Mr. Froud, in such a manner at would suffice to place even the most deeply aggrieved of " Australian natives." "You liked Melbourne, did you notE" was next asked. "Yes. Very much. Everybody was so kind -drives, picnics, and so on without end. The city itself, however, is chiefly remarkable by reason of its rapid growth. It has no distinctive characteristics as a city, and is marvel) less' only because of its rapid rise within fifty years." "Did you not think Sydney pretty ?" " O very, very much so, indeed." " And Brisbane ?" "Well I have only walked up from the wharf, so far." "But the approaches as one comes up the river?" "Yea. The river is pretty." (There was rather, it must be confessed, a lack of enthusiasm about this admission. However, to a fervid Brisbanite it was certainly better than nothing.) Senior, an old Brisbane man, is a great friend of mine," remarked Mr. Murray. This was kindly meant but it did not quite consols. "Shall you lecture during your stay here? or do you purposes giving readings only ?" our representative next inquired. "To-morrow night,'! replied Mr. Murray, "I mean to lecture on Looking at war.' I wish to try and knock some of the sawdust out of the romantic idea of war which so many people have show them what war really is." "Then you have seen something of it?" "Yes. Both in active service and also as a war correspondent. I was correspondent of the Times throughout the Russo- Turkish war." "Were you at Plevna?" "Yes. All through the siege. I was the last Englishman to leave it." No one who followed the fortunes of the contending armies during that saddest of modern campaigns, even in the papers merely and many a league from the arena of the horrible conflict, can hear the name of Plevna unmoved. To meet anyone who had been through it all was in itself to one of those whom St James's with a gentle irony calls the blameless Antipodean," something of an experience. One of Mr. Murray's numerous callers cut short what promised to be an interesting interview, and our timid representative hurriedly bade her adieu. FIRST BRISBANE RECITAL. Prudence, no doubt, is a virtue, but like some other virtues it may at times be carried too far. Those cautious spirits who deemed it wiser to "bide a wee" before investing in tickets for Mr. David Christie Murray's entertainments until they could hear whether it was worth their while to go have certainly, in missing last night's recital, missed such an opportunity as comes very seldom indeed on this side of the globe, at all events. From these remarks it will be gathered that the attendance was by no means such as might have been looked for in such a city as Brisbane-a city already in possession of a literary circle and clamouring for a university. After the success of last night, however, it may be confidently predicted that nobody will for the future be able at any of Mr. Murray's readings or lectures to enjoy one seat for him self and another for his bat. Cr. Murray on making his appearance on the stage was very cordially received, and although the applause which greeted the various "points" of the several recitations was not of the noisier kind, it was both appreciative and cordial, and during the reading of the last item on the programme it became really enthusiastic. The first piece which Mr. Murray recited was a poem chosen from his own works, entitled The Diamond Ring. The story is that of a faithless girl who leaves her lover for a most unhappy fate. The giving of the ring, his transport on receiving a letter in her hand-writing, his despair on read- ying its contents, his after career of intemperance, and his wretched dealt in rags and misery, together with the alleviations granted even in such a fate through the mercy of heaven, and, finally, the self-reproach of the erring girl whose wrong-doing failed to the misery of both are beautifully told in the poem, and were most skilfully and sympathetically rendered by the reader. " The Story of Mr. King" is an incident of the Russo-Turkish War, and the treatment showed that Mr. Murray is as much at home in the domain of the humorous as in that of the pathetic. " A Bunch of Wild Flowers" is a touching idyll of London life in the lower class of society, and was also an admirable example of the author's talent both as poet and as reciter. "The Meditations of Michael Tergonitz Bound for the Scaffold" was a fine introspective study of the Nihilist attitude of mind, but was, perhaps, less to the taste of the majority of the audience than were the previous numbers-that is if one may judge by its reception. A short interval followed, after which Mr. Murray read "The Show man'sGhost." Space will not allow of even the briefest precis being given of this most interesting story. That matters the loss, how over, as it seems just the sort of piece Shorthose who hear it once will endeavour to persuade the reader to give time and again. Mr. Murray's voice is distinct and his intonation pleasing. He has great ability in rendering dialect, and his action is dramatic in a very high degree. Except that he lacks the rarest of gifts, the silver ringing voice of one who was perhaps the grandest reader we have ever had in Australia, it is not too much to say that those who heard poor Walter Montgomery have had no such treat offered them since as he used to give them until last night. To-night Mr. Murray will give his first lecture, " Looking at War. A synopsis of the lecture is given in our advertising columns. " 