The Sydney Morning Herald SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 28, 1889. IT it stated that Canon Smith intends consulting the Archbishop of Oantorburi «ith reference to the protest «gainst hi« election M Bishop of Sydney. RUSSIA intend» duplicating ber strategio line» of railway to the German frontier. THB Set vian Ca'une will not allow ex-King Mil m to lemove his ion, King Alexander, from the capital THE Montmartre election, by which M. Boulan- ger was rrturued to the Chamber of Deputies, has been annulled by the French Government The election of Henri Roohefort for Belleville hu also been annulled. - THE funeral of the late Mr. D. Berry took place yesterday. By his will he left £30,000 to the sustentation futid of the Presbyterian Church of New South Wales ; £100,000 for the mainte »ance of a hospital at Berry : and £100,000 to the Oniver- | sitv of St. Andret'e, Scotland. The Coolangatta , Estate fell to Mr. John Hay. .» Is Euuity yesterday, in the case of Stephen v* Erwin, an application for an order to vary the Master in Equity's report was relused with ooBts. An application in Russell v. Bathuist, a mining dispute, wes also dealt with, v TIIE Governor having formally «Montod to the Post Oflioe Approachos Bill, the preliminary steps for the resumption of the land required for the new ?treat will be at once taken. There is, however, . probability of legal proceedings being taken to test the validity of the Act AT the < ,'ircuit Court at Wagga yesterday, Thoms» > Reilly, charged with the murder of Christian Eppel at North Wagga common, pleaded guilty and was sentenced to d. ath- is Chambers yesterday, on the application of Mr. Salomon-), a slav of proceedings was granted in the case in which John M'llugn had been fined ¿2811 for occupying buildings condemned by tho Government. AT an inquest yesterday relative to tbe death of a man named Patrick Walsh, who died while undergoing an operation at the Sydney Hospital on the previous day, the jury returned a verdict that death was due to failure of the heart's action, and added that no blame attached to the doctors. THE lion. George Henry Cox bas been appointed a member of the Parliamentary Public Works Committee, in the room of the lion. James Watson, resigned. TUE jury who Inquired into the late fire at Messrs. George and George's, Melbourne, found that it had been acyidenially caused, and embodied in their verdict some suggestions by the coronar as to the necessity for improved bull ling regulations. AN effort is to be made to raise a fund amount- ing to £31)00 for the boneñt or the widows and orphans of the firemen killed at the fire. TBE Criminal Court at Melbourne has recorded sentence ot death against John Lucas, found guilty of a criminal assault upon a woman namod Martha Stafford. Two cases were disposed of at the Quarter Sessions yestorday. In both the accused persons were found not guilty. AT tbe last meeting of the Board of TeohniosI Education a list cou mining proposed dates of forth- coming examinations of the Sydney Technical College and branch Technical Schools, extending from the 2nd to the 2Uth December, was approved, TOE schooner M. A. Doran has gone ashore at Yaamba. THE Rev. Oanon Selwyn has performed tho oeremony of the dedication of St Paul's new bell tower at West Maitland. A PBOTLCTIONIST demonstration wa« held at Bathurst yesterday. A roast bullock, beer, bread, and speeches formed part of the entertainment A SUFFLFHENT to the Gooernment Geuetle of yesterday afternoon assigns the districts that shall be subject to the jurixdiction of the 10 Circuit Courts holden respectively at Albury, Armidale, Bathurst, Broken Hill, Deniliquin, Dubbo, Goul- burn, Grafton, Hay, Maitland, Mtidgt-o, Sydney, Tamworth, Wagga Wagga, Yass, and Young. THE sitting of the Legislative Assembly on Thursday lasted till 20 minutes past 7 on Friday morning. Excepting for a little scone between Mr. Fletcher and Mr. Dibbs, the proceedings were orderly. The Land Bill wa« under diseusston, and the amendmeats made by the Legislative Council wen agreed to, CojocKNCiNa at noon yesterday, the Assemblv «at until 11 o'olock at night The Mining Bill, dealing with mining on private property, pissed through all i's stages in both Houses. Good progress was made with the additional Estimates. The House adjourned until Monday, with a view to prorogation on Tuesday. THE seoond reading of the Divorce Extension lilli was agreed to in the Council last night by 15 votes to 12. The Chamber was counted out on tb.H motion for the second reading of tho Ministerial Election BUL FBOM a return presented to the Legislative As- sembly, it appears that the total cost of the rolling stock used on all the lines of the colony was £2,702,035. ..JTHEBB have .been pre;entod to Parliament rft 'turng showing the cost of construction' of lines from Sydney to Waratah, Waratah to Armidale, and Armidale to Wallangarra; a despatch respect- ing notice to terminate treaty of friendship and commerce between Great Britain and Servia : and a dispatch respecting extension of the provision» of the Foreign Deserter« Act, 1882, to the United States of Mexico, THE following railway proposals have been re- ferred to the Parliamentary Committee on Publie Works for consideration and report :-Lines from Cootamundra to Temora, from Grafton to the Tweed, and from Mudgee to Gulgong. Tua mining markets were active yesterday. Busi- ness in investment stock» wa» quiet snd there was no material change in quotations. In the import Ï markets business remained quiet the rise in prices J having checked tho speculative movements in re- gard to several lines of merchandise. THE London wool market is firm, and business aotive. Only a few bales have been withdrawn fro ii sale. Di8TBiDOTiNo houses report slight improvement in business. The stringent monetary conditions are etill being felt severely by both town and country traders, and a number of meetings of ci editors in small estates huve been held. THE whole of yesterday afternoon in the Queens- land Assembly waa spent in discussing the right of »itDesee» eummoned to give evidence before the Sdlect Committeeiof tho House appointed to inquire into the Brisbane Sanitary Contract to refuse to answer certain questions. AN additional »um of £300,000 in gold has been .shipped to Bio de Janeiro. A UDMBKii of additional awards have been granted to Victorian exhibits at the Paris Exhibition. TITE inquest upon'James Hodson, who was killed at Hamilton pit, was resumed yesterday, at New- castle, and adjourned unt-1 Wednesday. TUB Presbytery of Sydney last evening met at the Excelsior Hall, Marrickville, to induct the Rev. Jumes Milne into the Church and parish of that place, AT (he Albury Hospital, Dr. Kennedy, one of the hospital surgeons, has tried what is known as the Brown Sequard system for restoring vitality to aged people, with successful resulta , THE Union Company's steamer Koranui has been wrecked in tbe French Pass, New Zealand. Tnis is the third steamer of the company lost within a brief period. The PREMIER told the House, the other night, that " no session was ever closed without some sacrifice." The remark has not been left unconfirmed on thin occasion. Hon. members have been sacrificing themselves on the altar of their country by day and by night; and it m ii st in justice be said that the interests of the country, so far as they are identified with the ordinary safeguards for oareful and wise legislation, have supplied a considerable portion of the fuel. In general, the cause of complaint at the close of a session is the loss of measures that are of greater or less urgency. In this instance the must noticeable thing ia the passing of impor- tant measures, involving large interest« and heavy expenditure, with headlong hunte and only a show of consideration. Parliament has been transacting a great part of its businesH during the last few duya with the Stuuding Orders sunpemled. The Standing Orders are supposed to constitute a ctirefully-prepared barrier against the dangers and evils of inconsiderate legislation. Through long continued disregard of the flight of time, wseks have Leen consumed uii-, profitably since the session opened. Sud- denly it ia discovered that this could not be allowed to go on for ever, and na suddenly work that might have occupied weoks in reasonable debate is hurried through in twu or three days and nights of almost continuous sitting. Ona of two things is evident : the common courne of Parlia- mentary procedure ia a hugo mistake, or the proceedings of the last few days are full of warning. It seems impossible to hit the happy mean. Our climate makes us familiar with alternations of drought and flood. We reproduce corresponding conditions in our Legislature. There ia reason for congratulation in the fact that the Land Bill has passed. The measure is not perfect. It will not give Butts faction to everybody. It mitigates or removes some evils, but it will probably open the way to others. On the whole, the good in it preponderates ; and that is in part due to the circumstance that the Council did not, though much pressed, abdicate its functions, and that in both Houses, at the last, there was a creditable willingness to make fair concessions. The loss of the bill would htive been a publie calamity, because it would have involved every interest in the colony, directly or indirectly, in an uncertainty, ruinous in some cases, prejudicial in all. We may hope thut the passing of the bill will be followed by a revival of confidence and a renewal of profitable activity. But while the passing of the Land Bill i*t a great point gained, some of the cir- cumstances surrounding it were not of a satisfactory character. On Thursday the most serious impediment in the way of a settlement was the Council's amendment which struck out the 48th section, providing that persons specially authorised by the Minister should be at liberty to enter and search for minerals upon land sold ufter the commencement of the Act, and upon conditionally leased land. There was a strong feeling in the Assembly in support of this clauBe ; but though it was restored the Council insisted upon its amendment. Finally the Assembly agreed to the amendment, on tbe undertaking of the Government to carry it in the form of a separate bill. This undertaking was given on the strength of an under- standing or supposed understanding. But when the new bill, after passing through the Assembly, carno before the Counoil, two things appeared : first, that the Council, if it failed to pass the bill, would be considered guilty of a breach of faith * and next that the Council was not committed, either by ita own act, or by the act of any person authorised by it, to the passing of the bill, so that its rejection would not have been a breach of faith. As the new Mining Bill does afford some better protection for the interests of landowners and conditional leaseholders than wan given by the clause in the Land Bill, it is perhaps well that objections were waived, and the new bill was pa-sed. But inconvenient results would be likely to follow if un- authorised pledges, and understand- ings founded upon them, were fre- quently allowed to influence the action of the two Chambers. In the present instance the difficulty was overcome by the pressure and rush of the times ; but under different conditions serious misunderstand- ings would almost inevitably arise, and their removal might not be an easy mattor. In the Assembly last evening there was a sensible relaxation of the pressure. Human nature will assert itself, and weary members found relief ia streams of talk. Millions are sometimes voted in as many minutes ; but hours were consumed in discussing the items on the additional estimates of £16,000 for the purchase of the patent for the Evans combination trucks, and £7500 compensation to the Eskbank Iron Company for the cancellation of a contract for the re-rolling of worn out iron rails. The discussion had much of the character of crying over spilt milk ; but it was not altogether uninstructive. A sort of futality seems to have attended, in the past,our experiments in the introduction of new forms of rolling-stock. Some yeurs ago the Parliamentary atmosphere was agitated by storms which had their origin in an extensive order for dump-cars ; we paid the money and we have the cars, and an exchange, however de- sirable after the purchase, was hardly practicable. In the latter case we agreed to purchase the patent rights; and, although it now appears that we could do business without thetrt, and find a good use for the money, there in no way of retreat from the legal obligations too hastily incurred. In the case of the Esk- bank contract, it seems to be better to throw away .£7600, and to get rid of it, than to continue paying for soft iron rails when we could obtain steel rails, thatwould lu«t ten times as long, for less money. The lesson is that it was time we introduced a new system for the management of our great railway enter- prise. That lesson, however, has not yet been fully learned. We have remodelled our railway "management with the avowed purpose of setting it free from political influence, and working the business in such a way that the people of the country, who are the shareholders iu thin great company, shall lose as little as possible, and if possible nothing at all, by carrying it on. Some members, howe»ver, still seem to hunker after a direct" interference with the management, and to desire that the enterprise should be worked to some extent at least on the lines of u benevolent insti- tution. But, political benevolence is no, » wholesome thing ; and if we are to aim at purity in politics and moderate taxation, the less of this we have the better. It ÍB -perhaps well that the Sunday question has cunte up again. By discuKsions such as are now occurring in the Herald, we come to see where we nre in the pro- gress of thought upon tho subject. The public mind undergoes changes upon great moral themes, juat as it does on large political matters. Conditions vary, the legislative and the social atmosphere under- go transformation, and when the opinion of the community is polled, one year, may be, is found to have wrought great altera- tions. The disousfiun on the Sunday ques- tion has, not been forced, it has come about naturally from current events, and it therefore should be viewed with some consideration. lhere oan be no doubt that many people feel deeply and religiously on the .¿ubjeot, and Jioneatly behold with alarm what (hey call encroachments on the Sahbuth. ' We are not unprepared for auch appeals as this, which appears in the letter ot one of our correspondents : " Lot us beware of being filched of our Sabbatic rest under the specious plea of its quietness being too dull." And again : " Our people do not consent to the growing desecration of the sacred day, but they are lacking in the nervous vigour which would impel them. ' to rixe in their might and put it down." These remarks bring up two ques- tions,-Whether or not bj' opening the grt galleries and museums, and by permit- ting Sunday papers,' the community is being deprived of benefit or the nation being wronged ; *and what the real itate of public opinion is upon the question. Perhaps the latter point should come first. How does the public feeling on the matter appear to the intelligent observer ? It is said by ono correspondent that the law throw- ing open the art galleries to the people on the Sabbath was pressed suddenly upon the Assembly, and passed against the wishes of a large majority of the reput- able citizens. If this was so it is a mis- fortune, because o laxv that does not express the temper of the people can- not remain upon the statute-books without injury to tho State. Bad law* mean revolutions, small or large, some tim<» or another in the course of their working. But the law regaiding the Art Gallery »nd the Museum has had a fair chance since it was passed, some years ago, and what is the result P It is scarcely possible that the people who visit the Gallery on Sun- day would vote for its repeul, and they are numbered by many thousands. One has but to turn up the record for any month to find how much greater the number of visitors at the Art Gallery and Museums is on Sundays than on week- days. And, what is as much to the point also, the class of people who frequent these places on a Sunday are those who most Heed the refining and recreating influence of those things of grace and beauty which they too often do not got in their homes, and never to such a degree as is afforded by a fine picture or an eloquent piece of statuary. The position of men whose ideas of rest and worship are confined to church going and home-staying is thut the people should not possess the privilege of seeing how near art could come to nature. But the difficulty is, that what one man thinks wrong, another thinks right. What is poison morally to one is elixir to another. It is possible for a people to make a law which they would be glad to see repealed ; but xvhen that occurs some evil effects are seen, and they, in fact, forpe public sentiment to the revulsionary point. If we gauge public opinion at all well, it is not atrainst the Sunday UBCS of such exalted entertainment as is furnished at art galleries. The good sense of the community can ho trusted in the long run, in moral ns well as political matters, for experience, the wise teacher, makes its lessons'plain. Without strained ssservation, therefore, withont unneces- sary warmth in appeal and prophecy, the advocates of a limited fteedom for the Sunday mny tell their, tale, and wait with patience the final voice of the people on such great nior.il ques- tions as the use of Sunday. A people may be wrong at times and seasons, but they nre not wrong always, and the mind of tho masses turns naturally through perhaps broken circles to the pole of the general good. But are we being filched of our Sunday by such things as art galleries, museums, and Sunday newspapers? That depends on what we view as a day of "rest." Best to one man means to lie in beti, to go to church, to read his Bible, and pre- serve puritanical form generally. To another it means a certain amount of religious observance, the open air, and recreation. There is one br.mch of the Christian Church that permits, even encourages, athletic games after the services in church are over. It is no uncommon thing to see an English curate taking a hand at cricket on a Sunday afternoon, and there .re clergymen in Sydney sound enough in the faith, as faith runs in an unsettled age, who would not quarrel with «ride to South Head and back between sermons if they had time, and who cer- tainly would offer no criticism upon their people for doing so. So much depends on the interpretation of the word rent, even if the most literal definition of the close Sunday class is taken. A Government should act on the voice of the people, and especially so in a matter which concerns the moral welfare of the community. No doubt our Govern- ment, if it were assurer! that the galleries and Sunday nexvspapera meant general morul injury, would, if necessary, act for the people at once, and axvait approval of their action, or otherwihe take no action until they were commissioned so to do hythe popular command. The "Sydney Sunday," as it has been called, was not forced upon the people, and there has been no strong opposition to it. Of th wisdom or unwisdom of having Sunday news- papers we shall not speak ; but even in that the popular voice has not been uaed in denunciation. Sunday newspapers may be decorous, healthy, and high-toned, and anything that is said should be said against the principle, and not againBt any puiticular journal, or any habit, nuch as the crying of the papers in the streets, which is con- nected with the issue of the journal. It is quite possible to have freedom and recreation on the Sunday within limit», but critics are quite right when they say it is difficult to keep them thete. We have not gone far, fortunately. We have permitted certain things, and have gone no further. Shall we be able to stay thereP The Continental Sunday is said to be tbe goal to which we are dritting. That is, we think, a mistake. The genius of our people is not Continental, and we cannot well get beyond that. There is no one but would cor dially 'agree with the plea for a day of rest, consistent with public con- venience and the public sense of moral fitness ; at the same time, the extension of privilege» for the use of Sunday in a more elastic fin-hion than would have been sanc- tioned in WHITFIELD'S-time Beems to be the outcome of the modern Christian temper. Perhaps nothing so tolls against the advocates for the abolition of present privileges as the arguments which they themselves use. To be told, as we were by one correspondent, that the General Omnibus Company of Belfast saved fifteen per cent, per annum on the outlay through horses alone by stopping their trafile on Sundays, would not easily convince one of the righteous- ness of the causo of the critics of our present laws. The company had no busi- ness to work their horses seven days in the week. Companies in other parts of the world have nparo horses for Sunday, and save the fifteen per cent, in other ways. Two names well known in poetry and fiction that i.ecur in our obituary cables during the week make the fact very clear that there is a fashion in literature as in everything else. The brief passing references to ELIZA COOK, the once famous poetess, and to WILKIE COLLINS, the well-known novelist, are quite enough to suggest the continual process of change and develop- ment in popular taste and opinion thut is always going on. Twenty years ago or more, for instance, everyone was reading or had read the poems of ELIZA COOK, and their domestic atmosphere and sentiment had a singular influence in many a quiet home circle. She was the poetess of the middle classes, and the ex- ponent of that simplicity and virtue in personal relations that have always been the peculiar salt and savour of English home life. But, like many other writers, she had outlived her fame, and long before she reached the term of her seventy-two years the other day the current of popular taste in verse had taken another direction. WILKIE COLLINS was happier in his for- tunes as a novelist. He swam into popularity on a rising wave, and the tide has not yet receded. The " Woman in White " was written just about the time when the taste for the modern sensational novel was definitely forming, and its author was fortunate in being one of the leaders of the school that still controls the popular choice in fiction. His coming into fame, however, was as much a sign of the mutation of taste as the poetess was in her passing away. Nothing so much reflects the mind of the age as the fashion of its literature, and in nothing:, perhaps are its stages of deve- lopment more marked than in this growth and wane of popular favour. Nothing is more remarkable even in the history of literature than the regularity with which it forms itself into epochs, each of them mirroring the spirit of the time with more or less exactness, according to its popular character. Fiction and poetry have always been more in touch with the mind of the people in its every-day rela tions than any other literary product ; and just as the sermons and theological tomes of certain periods have crystallised for all time the temporary pluses through which the minds of thinkers were passing at the moment, so in verse and story we get our best pictures of men and manners as they were. As these change, the taste in verse and story changes with them, or perhaps it would be better to say that the novel conditions produce an en- tirely new fiction and poetry of their own. Every new book that makes its mark has an influence over the thought and action of its readers also, and In this manner it is continually preparing the way for the moment when the new direction thought and action take under its influences will, by a quite easy and natural process, relegate the once-new book itself out of date. A generation that has been brought up to read and appreciate ELIZA COOK, for example, will find itself educated, in due course. to appreciate something a grade higher. It is only in so far as a book is able to take its place in this sliding scale of in- tellectual sensation that it has any value at all, indeed, and the best measure of its influence is the active force it has exer- cised in preparing the mind for something better. Of course there are great classics both of poetry and fiction, which stand like the blue Alsatian mountains in the once-popular ' song, and keep' their pinnacled places for all time. But every successful writer of verse or story is not capable of producing a classic of this kind, fortunately for the public peace of mind, and popular taste is quite content from time to time with a new book that gives it either something startlingly new or some- thing comfortably old for the moment, even if it be not quite so magnificently epic as the " Iliad " or so world-renowned a story as CERVANTES has told us about the rueful knight of La Mancha, The very names of popular writers, in prose and verse are like the titles of chapters in the story of social progress. The least of the writers of note has earned whatever fame attaches to his or her name by fixing for the moment some side of the popular mind, or some fleet- ing phase of the popular character, just as RICHARDSON did the one, and FIELDING did the other. Here taste took different directions ; but the instances are equally striking in which the same taste breaks itself up into different schools, the one succeeding the other, as Mr. CLARK RUSSELL'S sea stories follow the once ravishing tales of MARRYAT, and as the historical novels of KINGSLEY, AINS- WORTH, LYTTON, and others succeed the romance of Sir WALTER SCOTT. Both of these schools, as productive agencies in the field of fictional literature, have now passed away as completely as the " solitary horseman" whose familiar figure in the novels of G. P. R. JAMES has long since vanished out of the ken of the novel-reader. The magic and mystery of " Monk Lewis " and Mrs. RADCLIFFE have paused away with the possibilities of a modern " Castle of Otranto," and the present fashion for par- lour prestidigitation and spirit-rapping. Again, there are instances where at the same time two schools are seen flourishing side by side, each with its own clientèle of admiring readers, and neither having much in common with the other beyond a certain superficial resemblance reflected from the manners of the time. THACKERAY differs as much from DICKENS, for example, as STERNE does from SMOLLETT, or WILKIE COLLINS from Miss BRADDON in the sensa- tional school, though here, indeed, the dissimilarity is less characteristically marked. Nobody cares to write or read now such a characterisation of sordid meanness as JOHN GALT has given us in his clever sketch of " The Provost," but when the same character is made a central figure in a plot of incident and action in a novel or in a play, thousands read the one and crowd to see the other. The reason why poets like ELIZA COOK and MARTIN TUPPER lose their once phe- nomenal popularity, however, is not only that they outlive the thought of their time and its peculiar intellectual activities, but because the field is crowding with younger singers. They are delicately fanci- ful like DOBSON, LANG, and GOSSE, or society rhymsters like LOCKER and ASHBY-STERRY, who put into the airy trifles of a moment the finish and clear-cut precision of a HERBERT or a Sir JOHN SUCKLING. SWIN- BURNE, WILLIAM and LEWIS MORRIS, and others of their grade, to say nothing of BROWNING and TENNYSON, have lifted popular taste in verse to a higher plane than it ever aspired to before. All men may sow when these have given the seed, and a recent writer has pointed out that the number of persons who can express themselves to-day in verse not only full of rhythm but of feeling, with grace of expression and a general regard for the requirements of metre, is becoming so great 'as to threaten to reduce the art of verse-making to the merest commonplace. In fiction we are divided between the books that cater for the popular taste in plot and incident and those which do finer work in the direction of characterisation and the study of the social problems of the day. The sensational novel, from the " shilling shocker " up to Mr. STEVENSON'S and RIDER HAGGARD'S romances, are the product of the former school, and for the first half of these the novelist whose decease was reported this week may be said to have led the way. He taught tho novel-writer to weave fearful and wonderful plots, and flavour them highly with sensation. The better side of modern fiction is worthily represented in those books of the day that have made their name, from the hands of such workers as GEORGE ELIOT, the BRONTES, SHORTHOUSE, BUCHANAN, and the long list of others who could be named whose books are continually in the hands of an increasing circle of readers, and more than ever asked for from pub- lishers and librarians. The novel of this class covers a certain range of metaphysical speculation, and busies itself with the problems of life and mind, the analysis of motive, and the consciousness of the in- dividual. The two schools together ex- emplify, better than anything else, the restlessness of the time, both physical and mental. On the one side all is activity and movement, on the other all self observation and analysis. It is not to be wondered at, under the circumstances, if those quiet writers who ministered to the mental leisure of the past genera- tion is going out of date, or that the distinctive note of the fiction of to-day is self-consciousness flavoured by sensa- tionalism. LADT OABRINOTOJ»- was safely dolivered of a daughter in Government House yeBterday morning, Dr. Chambers being in attendance. At a late hour ycste day evening both hor Ladyship and child were doiug extremely well. TUE Legislative Council held two sittings yester- day-ono at mid-day, wbich had boen fixed in the hope that tho prorogation would take placo at noon, and the other at the uBual hour. At tbe former ihe receipt of a message was announced to the effect that the Asfombly had decided not to insist upon its disagreement to the amendment« made by the Council in the Crown Lauda Bill. The announce meat of the retirement of toe Assembly from the position it bad taken up was received with loud ch°ers. Mr. George Henry Cox hnxriug been appointed a member of tho Public Works Committee, members proceeded to consider the Toronto Tramway Bill, which was severely criticised. Eventually the bill was read tho second time and co in, ltted pro forma. At the second sitting of hon. members they proceeded at once to doal with the bill to authorise the searching for minerals on conditionally Fold or conditionally leased land. A disposition was shown to alter the bill so as to require the minor who desired to search for minerals to deposit a sum sufficient not only to cover tho cost of repairing any damage he might do to the surface of the land, but to compensate the ovvnor or lessee of the land for any loss he might have sustained ; but the attempt was successfully resisted on the ground that the accept- ante of the bill was the condition of the compromise entoied into by the two Chambers witb respeot to the conflict which had arisen relative to the Crown Lands Bill. The Mining Bill was adopted without amendment, and returned to the Legislative Assem- bly. The case of Lieutenant Hammand was then ptacticaliy . shelved so far as this session is concerned. - The consideration of the Dtvoroe Extension Bill was resumed, and after some lotuarks from the Attorney-General, in oppo- sition to it, Dr. Garran, and Mr. Pigott, the second reading was agreed to by a majority,ot 15 to 12 votes. As however, Sir Alfred Stephen (who was in charge of tho bill) had reason for believing that an offert would bo made to talk it out, he did not ptess for it to be"paved through oomoiittee, but in- dicated his intention of buckling on new armour tor next session. The Ministerial Election Bill was discussed for some time, and attention being directed to the tact that there was not a quotum, present, the Pressent declared the House ad- journed until 4 o'olook on Monday next. Wini regard to the case of On Ling, to which reference was made in the Legislativo Counoil on Thura lay, it appears that the Vieë-prosident of tho Executive Counoil, Mr. W. LI, Suttor, has, in accordance with his promise, laid all the papers in the case before the Government Owing, however, to the pressure of Parlinmi'Utary business, which has occupied all the available time for the past two days, the Ministry has not had time to take tho matter into consideration. It will be dealt with at the earliest possiblo opportunity. His Excellency the Govornor formally assented to the Post Office Approaches Bill yesterday. Tho preliminary steps tor the resumption of the land required for the new street will be at once talton, and the notification of resumption, as requir, d by law, will shortly be gazetted. On Thursday, after the bill had been pa-sed through Pa liament, a petition against it was présentai to Lord Oairington, sotting forth several grounds of objection to the measure, and | praying his Excellency either to deoline to give his | assent to it, or to refer it to her Majesty the i Queen. Lord Carrington, through his secretary, replied in the following terms:-"I am diiect-d ¡ by his Excel,onoy the Governor to acknowledge the I receipt of your letter coveting petition respecting ' resumption of land ' for the purpose of improving the approao es to the General Post-Office,' and to inform you that his Excellency, acting upon tho. opinion ot the law officer of tho Crown, has given the Royal assent to the bill -.tvled tre ' General Post-Office Approaches Improvement Act, 1889/ and that his Exeellenoi saw' no reason to reserve tu. bill for the signification of her Majesty's pleasure." We understand that it is probable legal ' proceedings will be taken by the. owners of the j property interested, with a view of resisting tho proposed resumption of their land, and of testing tbe validity of the Act. ' _ THE Thursday sitting of tho Legislativo Assem- bly la-ted until 20 minutes past 7 o'clock on Friday morning. Tne Council'» amendments on the Land Bills were under discus-ion when our report in chief closed in yesterday's issus. The proccdings wero on the whole very orderl.-, and exhibited little of the ill-feeling and acrimony that often charac- terises au all-night sitting. The only thing of a decidedly unpleasant nature that occurred was a little scene between Mr. Dibbs and Mr. Fletcher, which arose in a manner whioh those who wit- nessed it oould scarcely understand. Mr. Fletcher was speaking to the effect that the House should accept the promise of the Government to bung in a bill to deal with mining on private property, when Mr. Dibbs was heard to interject something that sounded like a dentil of Air. Flotcher's veracity, whereupon Mr. Fletcher in- vited the leader of the Opposition to come outside, and he would wring his nose. ^ Mr. Melville insta tly called for order, and insisted that Mr. Dibbs should withdraw the expression. Mr. Dibbs said ho was willing to withdraw it if the expres- sion which led up to it was withdrawn first. Mr. Fletcher withdrew whatever expression he had made use of, whereupon Mr. Dibbs apologised and withdrew tho oxpre-oion, and Mr. Fletoher alao apologi-ed, and tuen the matter dropped. SIR HENRY PABKES made a statement about S o'clock, as to the position in which affairs in regard to the Land Bill really stood. Tho Cabinet had decided, after grave consideration, to ask the House to accept tho Council's amendments. The House seomed to have forgotten the fact that they could hot send the bill back again, because all the means ot parleying between the two Hou«ea had been exhausted. They could now only throw the bill a ide, adopt the Council's amendments, or 'a-k for a conference The Government, under the circumstances, considered that tho least evil was to ask tho House to consent to the Council's amend- ments. He further stated that the Government had abandoned any idea of proroguing bofore Tues- day. Afieralongdi=eu BionthewholeoftlioOounoil's amendments, except the last one, the omission I o( tho 48th clause of the original clause were adopted. The debate on this clause lasted for a considerable time. At 7 o'clock ia the morning the question, that the Assembly doos not insist upon its disagreement to the Council's amendment, in I striking out tho clause, was carried upon a division of 4U to 33. It was resolved that a mossie ho asnt to the Legislative Council stating that tho Assombly had withdrawn from its objections to the Council's amendments. Mossagos were roceived from the Legislative Council stating that that body had assmted to various measures. On the motion for tho adjournment of tho House, Mr. Dibbs suggested that, they should adjourn until tho usual time in the afternoon, so that hon. members could get some sleep. Sir Henry Parkes was willing to agree to this course, but as it had already been decided th it the Homo at its rising adjourn until halt-past 11 o'clock, no alteration could take placo except by unanimous concurrence, and an objection having been taken by Mr. Crick, the House adjourned until half-paät 11 o'clock that morning. ' THE Friday sitting of the Legislative Assembly commenced at noon, at which hour the Speaker took the chair, there being about 70 mombors in their places at the time. Before the matters on' tho business paner weie dealt with, a message waa received from the Governor recommending that the neoesBary provision bo made in connection with the Mining Act of 1889. Mr. Sydney Smith, having procured the suspension of such Standing Orders an would have stood m the way, moved in Committee of tho Whole tho expediency of bring- ing in the bill.' This was agieed to, and the bill was brought in and read the first time, The measure, it may be stated, consists of the clauso '(48) of the Land Bill which had boen struck out by the Legislative Council, with the addition of an interpretation clauso, a clause giving powor to make îegulations, and the abort title. A debate took place, on tho second, reading. Mr.. Copeland and Mr. Wall each suggested amendments in the bill, but withdrew their sugges- tions on the remonstrance of Mr. Sydnoy Smith, that if they altered the., bill from tho form of the rejeoted clause taey would imporil its passing through the Upper House. Mr. Crick pointed out that the bill was waiftlng in various .safeguards that would prevent the rights of other persons being sacrificed to tho mining community. Ho thought the bill a dangerous ono in its present -.hup«. He suggested that the matter should be allowed to stand over until next session. Mr. O'sullivan denied the existence of the dangers to which Mr. Crick -had alluded. Mr. Garvan thought tho provisions of the bill should be con- fined to land where minerals existed in payable quantities. After some remarks fiom Mr. Scaver the second rcadinz was agreed to, and the House went into Committees of tile Wholo to consider the bill in detail. A verbal amendment was marie in clause 1, the interpretation clause, and Bi-voral anioudmeut. moved by Mr. Crick in clause 2 were negatived. The pieainble wag verbally amended. and the bill was reported to the House with amendments. ON the motion of Mr. M'Millan it was agreed io suspoud Hie Standing Orders so as to por m it the Appropriation Bill and the Loans Bill to pass through all their stages in ono day. It was re- solved, on the motion of Mr. Bruce Smith, to refer to the Parliamentary Standing Oommitten tho rail- way from Grafton to Twe»d, the line- from Coota- mundra to Temora, and the lino from Mudgee to Gulgong. There were four questions on the paper, of which the first, in the name of Mr. Dale was postponed. In rop y to Mr. Schey Mr. M'Millan said no particular system of automatic brake's tor our railway system had yet been decided on. In reply to a second quostion ho said the preparation ot a return showing the amounts expended by the Government for advertising in newspipera and other periodicals during the last three yeir3 would I e a work of time, and he was not ablo to say when it would be ready.. Mr-Sclioy said that did not answer his question. He asked if the Minister ,would lay the return upon the table. Mr. M'Mtllnn said " Ye3, about the Ides of March." He would 'try to answer the question on Monday. In reply to Mr. Copland's quostion, Mr. M'Millan said SS60 bushels of oats, SCO bushels of wheat, 72 tons flour, and 150 tons chaff wero sent by train from Glen Innes northwards during the vear 1888. In reply to Mr. O'sullivan, Mr. M'Millan said he would consult tho Colonial Secretary with regaTd to giving hon. members an opportunity to got re- ports of seleet committees adopted, Mr. Cruick- shank asked the Minister for Lands if he would advertise reserves thrown open to settle- ment in the local papers. Mr. Brunker said no such arrangement had boon made, hut he would consider the matter. These mat'ers were advertised in the Oou.i'n-H.nt Gazette. Mr. O'sullivan a6kod «ho read the Government Gazette. Mr. Bi linker answered that Mr. Barbour did, at which the House laughed. The motion of Mr. H. Stephen, for the production of a return Bhowing particulars respecting convictions . and punishments for garroting, was taken as formal and agreed to. SOON after S o'clock in the afternoon tho House resolved itsolf into Committee of Supply for the further consideration of the Estimates. The sum of £.0, special grant to tho Armidale IUflo Brigade, towards fencing their rouges, was agreed to. Some exception was taken to the item £500, Blayney Agricultural Sicieti-, special grant, on the ground that othor agricultural societies wero equally entitled to a 'special grant The ' vote was, however, agreed to, I and the remnining additional estimates in the Colonial Secretary's departmnnt were carriod, except those |io'ating to the Casual Labour Board, the whole of which bad been postponed. The additional estim-te of f 35,924 12'. fld. for the Colonial Treasurer was then asked,for. The Horn of £16,000 for tho put chuso of patent rights of Evans's combination trucks evoked a good deal of discussion. Mr. M'Millan said the Government had looked at this item with a great amount of suspicion, but a previous Government had promised to pay the amount. Mr. Abigail would rather have seen the matter go before the law courts, The present Commissioners declared the truck utterly useless. Mr. Lyne said, as a member of a previous Government, he had oppo-ed this payment. Mr. M* M Ulan explnined that thnclaim bad been tnlten into court, and «ettie I there on legal advice. Mr. Lyne contended that the Government should have tested the matter in the court. Mr. Bruce Smith ex- plained that ho had been engaged as counsel in this case before ho thought of entering Parliament. Ho had refused to discuss the matter in the Cabinet. Mr. Goodchap related the circumstances co nected with this matter during his administra- tion of the railways. Although tho amounfwas large, he thought the truck ought to be adopted. Sir Henry Parkos explained that the arrangement for tho purehaso of this truck was made by Mr. Sutherland before consulting the Cabinet The legal opinion of Mr. Salomon» and Mr. A. H. Simpson was obtained and tho Government found that they had to pay the money. Mr. CAnnnTitERs said thoy had been committed to this expenditure for a thing which was almost valueless, but tho expense would have been greater if thoy had gonn to law. Mr. Fletcher thought tho Government was right in paying this money. After some further remarks the discussion on this item was dropped. A short debate took place on the next item, ¿¡7500, for giving up the contract for ro-rolling iron raile, but after tome time the whole estimate of £05,924 12s. 5d., for the Colonial Treasurer's department, was agreed to. The vote of £58,869 for railways waa discussed, and was carried with the exception of the item of £1500 for compensation to Mr. T. Middelton, locomotive engineer, for loss of office, whioh wai postponed. At this stage Mr. M'Millan moved the Chairman out of the chair, and progress waa re- ported, and leave given to sit again. On the motion of Sir Henry Parkes the House adjourned until 4 o'clock on Monday, with the understanding that on its rising that day it would adjourn until 11 o'clock on Tuesday for the purpose of pro- rogation. THE Select Committee of the Legislative As- sembly, appointed to inquire into the charges made against Mrs. Cunyinghame, late superintend- ent of the Macquarie-street Asylum, Parra- matta, which led to her dismissal, brought up a progress report last night. The committee, during its inquiry, has examined the following witnesses:- P. C. Abbott, J. D. Cadogan, Sarah Cunynghame, Thomas Edgar, Thomas Ghost, Syd- ney Maxted, P. McAuly, James Rooney, and W. B. Violette, M.B. Owing, however, to the advanced period of the session, the committee decided merely to report the evidence to the House, and to recom- mend that the inquiry be resumed early next session. FROM a return whioh was laid on tho table of the Legflativo Assembly last night, it appears th-it the total cost of the railway line from Homebush to Waratah wis £2,224,209. The line from New ca-tle to Wallangarra, on the Queensland border, cost £4,774,845. The total cost of the rolling stook used on all the lines of the colony is set down at £2,7G2,GD5. THE Mayor of Canterbury (Alderman M'Bean) and Alderman Thompson waited upon the Minister for Lands yesterday morning, with regard to the alignment of Harp-atreet, Canterbury. It waB painted out that the department, in accordance with the council's wishes, had Bent out officers to align the street ; but that einco then the posts had been pulled up by the owners of some property, who said that their rights were being intorfmed with. The council had been called ' upon to pay for the align- ment, but thought they could not well disburse the money without the street being handod over to thom. It was stated that on pome very old deeds the thoroushfare was shown right tlnotigh from Northcote-street to Sharp-street Mr. Brunker, in reply, said that he oculd not go fully into tho matter, as his attenHanoe was required at Parlia- ment almoBt immediately. If. the representatives of the council would call upon bim one day next week and lav before him the particulars in their possession in support of thoir application for the street,- ho would Bee if ho could help (hem. TrtE funeral of the late Mr. David Berry, of Coolangatta, in the Shoalhaven district, took plnce yestoiday"and was attended by over 2000 persons. Tho interment took place in the family burying ground on the Coolangatta Estate. After tho funeral tho late Mr. Berry's will was read by the Hon. James Morton, In addition to numerous legacies to officials and servants long connected with the Berry Estate, the following 'munificent bequests are made, viz., £30,000 to the sustentation fund of the Presbyterian Ohurch of New South Wales ; £100,000 for the erection and maintenance of a hospital at Berry, formerly knov»n as Broughton Creek, for tho benefit of the Shoal- haven district ; and £100,000 as an endowment to the University of St Andrews', Scotland. . The Coolangatta Estate, with everything belonging thereto, is bequeathed to Mr. John Hay. ' The age of the late Mr. Berry was 97. ' As may be Feen by an advertisement elsewhere, Mr. David Christie Murray will give a dramatic reci'al from his own works in the Young Men's Christian Association Hall next Thuiediiy evening. Mr. Murray's success as a lecturer was not alone duo to tho matter of his lectures. The audiences who had tho pleasure of hearing him recognised a dramatio power which gave colour and conti ast to his illustration and anecdote. Those who havo heard Mr. Murray recito in England or heio are full of praise of his dramatic work, and since ho is to read from his own stories in prose and verso next Thursday, an enter- tainment msy bo looked for which should suggest tho days when Charles Dickens 'appeared before " those garish lights," AT tho invitation of tho direotors of the Pou dretto and Amm-nia Manufacturing Company, about 30 of the delegatos to the Municipal Coa forenco visitod tho works of the company at Itickotty-alreet, Botany, yesterday. They were shown round tbe works by Mr. Foxall, and Baw the method of manufacturing poudrette. Mr. Cracknell, the engineer, gove an explanation. Mr, Hutchison proposed success to the company, and the toast was enthusiastically received. Messrs. Stimson, Cranfield, Bell, and Burns also Bpolto, each stating that in his opinion the sanitary difficulty had been practically solved. A VERY pleasing ceremony was performed on Tuesday evening last at the establishment of MesBrs. Gibbs, Shallard, and Co., 81A, Pitt-street, when Mr. William Gibbs was presented with an illuminated address and a piece of plate from the employees, on the occasion of his approaching marriage. Mr. J. D. Chambers, in making tho pre- sentation, referred to the kind feeling that existed in the office towards Mr. W. Gibbs, who was known to a large number of the employees for a consider- able time as a generous, kind, and courteous gentleman, and he felt gratified in being able to say that Mr. W. Gibbs had endeared himself to every hand in the fitm'a employ. Mr. W, Gibbs, ia thanking the employees for their kind presentation, assured them that he felt very grateful to them for the flattering testimonial they had presented to bim, and trusted that the good feeling of all would bo cemented, if po38 bio, more firmly than hereto- fore. Ho gratelully alluded to th» numorou» other presents sont him by thd various heads of depart- ments. Mr 0. Fischer asked those present to join him in drinking the health of their guest, and spuke in feeling tonne of Mr. W. Gibb», About 200"em plojeos wero present LAST evening John M'Leau and William Stephen eon were matched to row a race in outriggets on the Parramatta Uiver on the 80th proximo. The race will be for £100 a-sida M'Lean hails from the Richmond Uiver ; Stephenson is a native of New Zealand. ' TuitixES are reported by the schooner Ika Vuka to bo vety plentiful at Surprise Island, off the north extteme of New Caledonia As the vessel passod there upon her voyage to this port the. other day a boat WBB lowered and sent on shore to capturo one. A very fine male turtle was-obtaiued, its xvoight being fully 2001b. The shell is a particularly fine one. While tho boat's crow were on shore tho'y fourni that great numbers of turtle had apparently bsen killed by Bome of the beche-de-mer traders, for no other purpose, apparently, than mere sport; the throats of the turtles being cut and their bodies left ' to rot oh the beach. The beach was «trewn with dead turtles, snd the officer in charca of tho Ika Vuka'a boat mentions the circumstance as one to be deplored, inasmuch as it tends to destroy tho grounds for turtle catching. In the season numbers could le secuied, he considers, for the Sydney market, A SCHOOL of whales were seen off Sydney Heads by the captain of the steam-tug Leveret last evening. Captain Dunn says they wore about four miles E.N.E. of the Heads, and he saw somo "»pouting" off Botany Heads. One vory largo wbalo passed close by the tug-boat, and 17 wore counted within half a mile ot the vessel. It is some years, it is said, since a sight of the kind has been repoitod so close to this port TnEitE were two Courts sitting in Equity yester- day. In the case of Stephen v. Erwin and others, which was beard before his Honor the Chief Juetice, the defen lauts, Elizabeth Erwin and Wil- liam Gunn applied for an order to vary the Master in Equity'B report In May, 1887, the then Pri- mary Judge made an order sotting aside as null and void certain settlements mide by James Erwin upon his wife Elizabeth, and dcolared the proper- ties named therein to bo available as assets in the ¿«tate of James Erwin, who was then insolvent At the fame time the Master was directed to inquiro as to what properties defendant or his wife or the trustees of the latter hal acquired with tho proceeds of the sale of any of the settled properties. This having been done, and the toport S"nt in to the Court, defendants desired to have it varied. The application was, however, rofused, with costs, and his Honor directed that tho properties found to have been purchased with the proceeds of tho property declared to have been wrongfully settled upon the insolvent's wife should be bold forthwith by plaintiff as official assignee. His Honor Mr. Justice Owen (Chief Judge in Equity) dealt with several ca^es in Chancery-square, but tho only matter of interest was an application in Russell versus Bathurst to restrain the defendant from deal- ing with or transferring his interest m the Castle Eng Proprietary Silvor-mining Company, Deep- water, until the hearing of a suit bocwoen the parties, in which the plaintiff claims specific per- formance of an agreomont for tbe trausfor to him by détendant of certain shares in the company. In the matter of M Kenzie Bowman, a person of unsound mind, the report of tho Master was con- firmed recommending that the lunatic's committee have liberty to bring certain land in Kent-streot under the provisions of the Beal Property Act AN interesting application, having reference to a conviction under the 31st section of the City Im- provement Act, waB made in chambers jostoiday. A man named John M'Hugh had erected thrco fruit shops or stalls on land rented irom the Government at the corner of Phillip and Bridge streets, and these he let to tenants. lu March last a nottco was served upon him that the premises had been inspeoted and found unfit for habitation, and warn- ing him that if ho suffered thom to bo occupied or let he would be liable to a ponilty not exceeding £20, and not less than £2, per day for each place PO occupied. Ho, however, it Ecems, persisted and boing summoned, was lined £2 per day for 144 ^ days, or iu all £288. Mr. Salomons, Q.C., moved yesterday in his bohalf for a lulo nisi for a prohibition lo set aside the conv ctiou on various grounds, and tho rule was granted, return- able on the first day of next Term. A slay of proceedings was granted in the moaatime. A CASE, whioh was described, by Mr. Justice Windoyor as extraordinary, was brought under his notice in Chambers yesterday. It was oae in which the applicant, Isibel Hawkins, moved tor a rulo nisi for a writ of habeas coipus, calling upon her hus- band to produce her son, George Onslow Hawkins, a ' child of two and a half years. According to her j affidavit it appeared that since January last tho J applicant and respondent, though residing under the same roof, had lived apart, and during that period her -husband had refused to sponk to her. About a week ago, while she was temporarily j absent, her husband removod the child, and declined I to inform the mother of1 his whereabouts. In this state of things, and being anxious in regard to the child, who is in a delicate state of health, she desired to obtuin a writ o£ habeas corpus. His Honor grantod the rule, and made it 'returnable > next Friday. CmctrstsTANCEs have arisen which will prevent the Attorney-General from carrying out his inten- tion of prosecuting in person at the next Deniliquin Circuit Court. Mr. Hubert Manning will, wo un- derstand, be appointed to act as Crown ProBeou tor at that court A CASE of some interest to residents of Macdon- aldtown was decided in the Metropolitan District Court yostorday. The case in question was one in which tho plaintiff, a Mr. Thomas Weeks, sued the Borough of Macdona dtown for entoring on certain land belonging to him, situate within tho limits of the municipality, and causing certain works to bo bxecuted thereon in connection with tho clearing of a drain which runs through his property. In consequence of the action taken by the council, the plaintiff contended that be had been injuriously affeoted, and further, that he had boen deprived of the proper valuo of the piece of land, and also tho prout from eolltng or letting the Bamo at such price or rent as would otherwise have been secured. He claimed £200 damage?. Tho defence was that the defendants wore not guilty. Evidence having been taken, his Honor Judge Wilkinson summed up, and the jury of four, aftor a bt ¡of deliberation, returned a vordict for the defendant council. An application for a new trial will be made. Two cases were disposed p£ yostorday in the Quarter Sessions, the accused persons in both trials being found not guilty. The Court adjournod rather early in consequence of his Honor Judge Forbes expressing the view that in tho interests of the jury and the publio it was, not tho proper thing to commence defended cases late in tbe day for the convenience of members of the legal profession who had other engagements perhaps during the early part of tho day. As most of the oases remain- ing on tho list are defended, the sessions will pro- bably last throughout the coming woek. I WE havo boen requested to remind suitors and witnesses that the sittings of the District Court, beginning on Sid Ootober next, will be held at the new courthouse, Darlinghurst. jin. ALVBED ALIEN writes' to say that the total gross amount realised in connection with the recent Hospital Bazaar and Village Fair to datais £21G4 7s. 9<L It it reasonably anticipated that the not profit will amount to between £1500 and £1600. 8IR HBNRY PARKES will give an address in the Leichhardt Town Hall, on Wednesday next, on " How a lonely man dedicated his fortuno* to the cause of woman." THB following is the order of musical son ire at St. Andrew's Cathedral to- morrow :-Morning: TeDeum, Sullivan; anthem, " If with all your hearts " (Elijah). Afternoon : Parry in 1) ; antbem, " God so loved the world " iStainer) ; litany (Tallis). IT will be seen by our advertising columns that Woolcott's Tourist Bureau has jUBt opened a branch in the central railway office, next tho Post Office, in Georne-atreot, aa a booking and enquiry office. THE closing services of the eight-days' mission, being conducted by Mr. B. Short, in tho Centenary Church, Hurria-itreot, will bo held to-morrow. WE are requested to draw attention to the advertiso mont in to-day's issuo, relating to the second annual meeting of the New South Wales Band of Hope Union. TUB pen of oxen (Hereford», grans fed), which secured the first prize at the Agricultural Society's I show, were bred by Mr. John Nowlan,. Eelnh, Wost Maitland, and wore purchased by Jamos Kidman, Government contractor, by whom the beef was supplied to the various Government institutions. The average net weight of each carcase was 13461b. 