IRcweUdt. The Midnight Prophecy OR, HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. !-';/ Emma Garrison Jones. CHAPTER XIV. Tim l'LOT THICKENS.' : Rcvcuoalts and Gavondish Manor, as .i ;.-wo before* stated, wore contiguous, and i ', ?fere two ns lino ostates hb tho county / vontnincd. The manor bolongod to Lady ' Driuiiiiioncl for hor lifo-titiio, and it was her custom to visit tho old placo onoo or twice a yenr. It was thcroforo quito opportune* that Lord Strathspey and his party v.cro going to Sovouoaks, as Lady Cecilia was quite anxious to'uiako one of her annual visits. Sho at onoo caused Siv Varnoj, who was a most dutiful and nbcdient husband, to dispatch invitations to their numerous friends, to moot tliom at Ilio manor for tho shooting season ; nnd at hor sujrgoBtion tho Eurl of Strathspoy did tho samo thing; ; Aconvdinsly, when they reacliod tlio end of tliuir journey, tho earl's pnrty fuiiiul ii »ay assenibluge of friends. await- ini; thuiu. ?' Wo ii ro wring to have a dulighlful Boas-Mi,' remarked l,ady Drununond, 'and you may thank mo for it, niylord ; jmii and fir Vanioy would have mopod lniK all alone, and poppod your solitary j,'iins, if J had not conio to tho rosciio; JJ011 aru so absurdly stupid !' . My lady showed.hor white' tooth in a flashing smilo, as tho oarl handed lier into a carriago that was to convoy her to tho manor, and put out her white jowol led hand to bid him farowoll. 'J shall oxpect to soo a groat doal of you lit tho mnnor,'slio said, adding, with it peculiar look in her eyes and .-a faint Btiggcstipn of rcgrot in her voice ; 'you uhoiI to like tho manor years ago.' 'And 1 like it yob,' replied tho onrl, gallantly; 'and hImII certainly avail myaolf of your kind invitation. Of courso you'll not wait to bo invited to Sevonoaks you and Sir Vanioy.' Tho pleasant, good-natured, unsus picious baronet bovrod, whilo his ilashing lady replied : 'Not I, my lord oarl ; I always go wherever I plouso, and it will certuinly pjua.n! mo to como to SevoHrmks. ]3ut I've fallen into shocking habits of lato ; you know how I gallop? Woll, I ahopt) ? too ! I Hhoot pheasantR, my lord 1'.' Tho oarl did rafro'liis'oyubrows in well 'Oired Burprixo, mill tho gay cowitebs 'br.'J;,o into a ringing laugh. . ;(T''Andl follow I ho hounds,'- 6ho con *' VUI'\ llm* -llllulJ5° in nil manner of flu.Scnline ploasuaes, 'Sir Varnoy liken it, ^you aro shocked, my lord? '?...' Sir Vurney siniled 'indulgently' on the bewitching creature who boro his name «ml litlo, and Lord Stralhspoy protested gallnntly that nothing -her ladyship ^pleased to do could shook him. Q15 Moamvhild, tho couutoss and. hor' two j' bliildron, nnd their two nurses, waited patiently in tho Sovonoaka' carringo, Oolonol Ohudloigh and Iub wife and several bthor frionds having driven on ahead. '?;'????-??.?? '' : . ?*?? 'How; my Lord StratliBpoy do admire Lndy Driimmond,' whispered Lola to Judith,' \yith d poculiar expression in hor black oybs. - ' . . . . Judith gavo her a nudge. ' Why don't you husli rehosaid, 'and tend to Lord. Angus.- He's touring tho trimming from his coat.' But- Lola was not to bo silonced. ?..'?'. 11 Only .warch him, Judith,' sho oon tinued,, hi a loud whisper j 'his very eyes danco as lie looks at hor 1 And sho bo a vory. lovely woman, my Lady Drum mond. ' Ayiiat a pity tho countess ain't hkoherir' ??-.'?.: ' 11 Will -you 'hold your tohguo?' re turned Judith, gathering' Lady Pearl in hor arms nnd moving to. tho opposite sido. ? / .' . ? ,-?:'? .;'??: '?' ;??.' :.-?' ' How savage you aro, to. bo sure,' continued Lola; 't'ain't no.harm I'm say ing, I'm sure, and ovoryono knows it. The coiicliuian was speaking about it last night-, and ho says tha; the earl and Lady Drummond used to bo lovors, and that—' ' Shut up, I say !' snapped Judith, her' brown oyos fairly blazing, for, glanc ing over at hor mistress, who, reclined amid the cushions, she saw that she was as white as death, with a wild and terri fied look in her lovely eyes. Sho had heard tho .nurso'a idlo words, if idle they wore, and an awful fear thrilled overy fibre of hor being. What if it wore so ? Sho romombered tho old report that tho carl had once ad mired Cecilia Cavendish, and how his father's inexorable edict had forbidden his boyish admiration. ?', What if the old fancy still lived T: In her torriblo pro-occupation, sho had hot noticed her husband, or ever dreamed of such a thing. . ' . ' / She watched 'him now with all her tortured soul in horoyes. : _ Ho was standing in tho afternoon sun light, his nublo head bared, his tino faco all aglow with plcasuro and admiration', as ho lookod up and listoncd to some gay. spocch Lady Drummond was making. Troscntly.tho lady extended her slender hand, and the carl kissod it, bowing pro foundly. 'Good-byo, Lady Stratlispey,' cried Lady Cccilii at -thnt moment, as tho oarl tuniudniid let'l lur. ''I ishnll nxpoot you to drive over to tho' manor .n vory day.' Tho countess luxtdi-d and Kmiled— oh, ?such a, wan, sail iimjlu !— and made room for Iiur beside, her husband. ITo Bctth'd hiinsoll down wit Ji an airof enjoyment;, taking his .son from Lehi and establishing him on bin lnioit. 'Now, Sanford, .drivo liko tho wind,'- ho called. '? J'm unxious to soo the oki placo again. Do rouso up ;t little, Mur guorite,' addressing his wife, ' and look at Sovenoaks Towers in tho setting sun light ; it is really annoying to have you always moping so.' Tho countess obeyed. Sho roused up, and looked at Sovenoaks' Towers, and smiled and talked with a strange glitter in her oyos and a hectic bloom on hor cheeks, and in her heart, deep in her heart, that poisoned,1 rankling thorn that tho nurse's imprudent wonla had im planted. . , The manor gentry wore dining at Sovonoaks, a few days after, aud to gether with tho carl's guests, they mado a largo and brilliant party. All day tho men had boon popping at tho pheasants in tho west copice, while tho ladies dozed over French novels in the cool drawing-rooms ; but tho clashing of the old tower bell had called them all togothor, and now in their bi'at array they occupied tho great drawing-room that openod into tho dining hall. Tho long table, with its spotless damask and glittorin' glass and silver, was already laid, and through tho gor geous streamed the rod, August sunlight, making tho swinging ehandoliors, and costly goblets, and gilded vases, gleam and glitter as if wrought of precious stones. Tho Countess of Strathspoy occupied a ?sofa at tho extreme ond of the drawing room, with Colonel Chudloigh on ono hand and Sir Varnoy Drummond on the other. She was magnificently robed in a blue silk dinner dross, elaborately .trimmed with old point, and in hor oara and at luir throat burned tho old Strathspey dia monds. Hor wondrous golden hair lay ovor hor fair brow in countless little shining curls and hor chooks glowed liko tho heart of a blueh-roso, whilo hor eyes, her lovoly Bapphire oyes, fairly dazzled ono with the splendor of thoir feverish brightness. Never in all her lifo had Marguerite}1 Counross of Strathspoy, lookod raoro beautiful, or felt more wretched. At tint other end of the long and magni ficent apartment, in nn embrasure of one of tho stained windows, sat Lady Drum mond. She woro a dress uf some light, gold hued fabric, that brought out in wondrous perfection all the glorious lints of hor Hube- liko faco, 'and tier Hack braids and her heavy curls wcro hold in plaoo by thick bands of red Indian gold. Cleopatra herself never looked nioro regal than, did my Lady Cecilia, sitting boneath the gorgeous glow of tho richly stained glass. Lord Strathspey bent ovor her olmir, his face glowing and animated. Sho was turning tho leaves of a landscape folio, talking to the oarl: in tho i!ioau'- time. r . ; . '?' 'I'm going to shoot to-morrow,' aho aaid, with' an arch Bniilo j ' so you must oomo to tlio manor. I'm un.xioua to dis gust yon, my lord. I always was atom boy, you know. Do yjju reinombor, Angus- — -' slid brgan ; thon, with a blush, and drooping lids— ' my lord, I mean. I hoc; a thousand pardons. Thinking of the old days mado mo forget; butr/n you remoinbor whit rare mornings wo used to havo, galloping to covor down on Willow Heath '( Ah, mo 1' Lady Cecilia sighed, and soohied not to hoar tho aavl's assurance that ho did re meinbor. Proacntly sho eontinuod, as if: half to herself :. '?..' :. 'Such rare1 mornings. I. Dear, dear, whntiv pity wo oannot bo always young and happy I This humdrum mariied lifo is very prosy, don't you think bo, my lord-?'1',' .. ?'??-- ? . ; ?-'' Well, 'I ' don't know,' replied tho farl, with -,»? laugh ; '.' I. have liot found ininosp very prosy, but I dare Bay you know l)e3C, L'ldy Driimmoiid.' ' 'Of .v'purso 1 do,' oiting- hor eoariot lip with vexation, but laughing (ravlv; '.' and, apropos of prosinoss, wo aro to havo a ball ovor at ' Tho Cedars.' Lady Varnoy di'ovo over ybstorday to toll mo. The cards go out to-ir orrow, and it comes off on tho twenty-ninth — a real fancy affair — bai masquo, you know 1 You'll not iincl any prosinoss there, I'll promise you. And now, do guess who's to bo tho lion,' she added innocently, but with a sudden flasn in hor Spanish oyos. 'I'm suro I've no idea whatovor.unless you mean yoursolf,' ropliod tho carl. ' Mysolf ! Oil, you stupid 1 Moaning myself. I should havo said queen ! Who's to bo tho lion, I say ? Who, indeed, but Colonol Gilbort Vornoy, Lady Vornoy'a brother, just como homo from India ; and, begging your pardon, my lord — your wife's old lover — a charming man. You had better look out for yourBolf, my lord oarl.' Something in tho insinuation, and in hor ringing laugh irritated Lord Strath spoy. Ho frowned and bit his lip. : ' I can't soo what I havo to fear from Oolonol Gilbort Vornoy,' .lie replied, coldly. .,. , ... ' ' Can't you eontinuod tho - lady, in a teasing tono. 'Lady Strathspoy is a charming woman, and old coala aro soon rekindled. Tho earl almost involuntarily glancod across at his wife. Sho was a charming woman indood, and moro charming, ho thought, at that moment, than ho had over aeon hor boforo — she, who a day or two ago, had boon so languid and listless. What ..could bo bo secret of tho sudden change? ' Only look at her now — tho countess, I mean 1' continued his companion, who had followed . his glance, 'is sho not glorious ? Such a change 1 Down in tho Tyrol sho was liko a ghost. What is the secret, I wondor ? T can scarcely boliove hor tho same' poraon.' ?'?? '; : ? ?. /.'.', 'Sho's like th3 ; rbst of . her : box, whimsical and changoablo, '-replied tho earl..' ? v ; ' -v' v-\:.' ?.'?.??..:??? *; ?.?'.'?/? .-'. Not so ' my ; lord)' ? retorted Lady/ Cecilia, lialfju earnest, half in joBt; 'wo women always *havo motivesj' ospeoially whoro our good looks aro concerned. ' Let mo read '-the riddle for you. ' Colonel Vcrnct/ calls this ovonirig.' Tlio caun less herself told mo, not an hour ago, that she expected him. Can't you seo, nijKlord ? I warned you to take caro !' . .' . And again hor wioked, teasing laugh rang out. :. ? -.,-.' '''?- - lor tho lifo of him, Lord Strathapoy could not conceal his' vexation. Ho was just blind aud simple 'onough to suffer this ardi-onchantres's-.-to win hor object, which wa'j to i-oiiao his jealousy and sus picion in regard to his wife. Theae British peers are only human after all, despite th'oir nobie blood and high- sound-, iiig titluK, and as week nnd aa full of 1'oiblo.i, a'goo.'.Uy.nUWbtsrof tliom, us tho lowliest pwi.sant that pays fciiotil' JiUj'i'iyo. Angus, Eurl of Strathspey, was no oxl'ijy. tion. Though u good and jjone/ous niiui, aud pretty slXiwd, ho wus no without hi:t failings. Bii);ij} the thirteenth earl of Strathspey Towers did not Kiakp him per fect by any nioan.i. He glanced across, a second tiiuo, id,1 his wife, in her shimmering laces1 jukV diamonds, her faco bright with iovwiah expectation, and a sudden thrill stirred his heart. -Was it becauso this Indian colonel was coming, that sho had bloomed out so V ' ?'. :. ? ilo know tho story of Gilbert Vernoy's early lovo for Lady Margubrite of Auk land Oaks. Ho was only a young guards man thon, and ho waa vory desperate when ho found thoro waa no hope for him, and talked a good deal about blowing his brains out, but. concluded to go with his rogimpnt to India instead. Aud hero ho was back : again, a colonel, and a bachelor still. Lord Strathspoy gnawed at his mous tache, and watched his beautiful countoss with covert glances. Poor, blind Lord Angus, ho could not sco, ho could not dream, and thoro waa no f'riond's tonguo to whispor him the truth, that his poor, loving, constant wife, stung by cruol jea lousy, had thrown off her lethargy, her terrible sorrow, and by an effort almost superhuman, had bloomod out in . all tho beauty she possessed, hoping to hold his lovo, hor dearest treasuro,. which sho saw, with a woman's quick percoption, was slipping from hor. Her husband did not dream of this, which Lady Cecilia well onough know, and hor wicked oyos gleamod with triumph as she watched tho oarl's moody face, and saw that hor random arrow had struck homo. lint tho clanging of tho great dinner boll brought this littlo sido-play to an abrupt close, and tho carl ahd his guoBta .filed through the glittering rooms, and sur rounded the maguilicout board, allsauvity, and smiles, and honeyed words, too woll brodand Bolf-possossod to betray ovon a auggestion of bitter and torturing passions that filled their hearts. CHAPTER XV. .?' A FEUILOUS STEP. , i Lord Strathapoy, all at onoo, had im perative occasion to make a run down to Loud''1. Only for a short stay,1 ho'wevor, and Colonel Cliiulleigli was to do the honors, aud his guests to make thomsolvos comfort- ablo till his return. ;. Ho started for tho early train, before breakfast was sorvod,atid tlio countcBfl and her ohildron wore still iu thoir drossing room.- Ho tappod lightly|at tho door, as ho passed on Iub way down. Judith admitted him, and his wife aroso, still wrapped in her morning cajlnnoro, at his ontraneo. ? . . ?'Don't disturb yourself, Marguo rito,' ho said, just a tritlo coldly j 'I'm off for London, and just dropped in to say good-bj'.' ? He crossed to the loungo, upon which tho children wero sitting, and kissed thorn repeatedly. Lady Pearl clung to his neck, ahd fell to Bobbing. v. ';: ??Don't go, papn, darling papa !' bIio implored; 'wo want papa horo, don't we,, inamina'/'. ??-.-; ?.'''?' ? Miimma nodded, with thp hot toars ris ing to her oyos. ' ; ??? ??'?But papa must go, just for a littlo ?while, and he'll bring Pearl n great doll, with winking oyos. Will that do ?' Lady Poarl clappod hbr hands in. 'oo- stnsy. 'And what shall I bring you, my boy?' continued tho earl, taking tho boy's faco. in his hands, and looking down into his oyos with unspoakablo lovo. Light, cold oyos they woro, a triflo opaquo and dull, and tho face was inclined to bo thin and Ballow. Lady Poarl looked liko a rosebud bcaido hor brother, and I think hor fathor, though ho was almost unconscious of it, felt a littlo angry and vexed nb hor fair, freah loveliness. What business had sho to bo brighter .and hand somer than his son and hoir ? '? ? . 'What shall I bring you, my sonj from London?' continued the ourl, for tho boy had not aimwored. ????'. ' Nothing ( I don't want nothing,' ho ropliod, at last, with a sudden air. 'Poarl can havo tho doll ; I won't havo nothing.' 'You may havo tho dolly some, too, ottbber,' cried goneroua littlo Poarl ; ' I won't koep her all tho time.' ' No, I shan't 1' returned tho young lord, spitefully. His father looked inoxproaaibly griovod. From day to day this was tho trouble of tho nursery — tho cross, unamiablo tompor of tho boy. Nothing could plcnso or con tent him; ho was always Burly and envious, whilo Lady Poarl waa all generosity and sweetness. ' Novor inind ; I'll bring you both something. Be good childron,' said the father. Thon he turnod to the countess, and hold out his hand. ' Good-by, Marguerite; my stay will bo short, and tho colonol will see that you are comfortable. ? ' Ho did nob kiss hor, and Jits voico was cold, his-maunor distant and cero monious. Colonol Gilborb Vorhoyhad callod on tho evoning of tho dinner party, just as Lady Drummond prodictod;, and thp countess had rccoivod him' very graciously, and ovon honored him with a promenade on tho torrace. . ; V^. ' Conseqtiontly, my lord,hcr inpst injured husband, was iu tho sulks; and ! not i'at all disposod to bo affectionate : ^ ; : 'Good-by, Angus,',- said: his wife, her voico faltoring, .and hor ' oyos swimming with ten ra ; ' won't .j'pu kiss mo.t before you gi?' ' ' '-.''?: ' ''.?.:?.:. ?'-:'./ :y'[ ; ?.' ? Tho piteous voico .touched ..tho earl keenly,' but ho was too proud to show it. Instead of cla aping hor to', hip bosom, aa Ilia, ihclihation ' proniplbd ;' him, ho only touched his. lipsto her forehead. . As thodoorolosqdbphind him, his wife, unmindful of jhd preabneo of hbr children and thoir nurso, threw, hors'olf upon tho couch and burst intoa passion of bystorical Bobs and twra. '.'..'?,.??. : :. ::.; ; But in' a vory littlo whilo.Bho .arose, still arid calm. y -: ' . : ?'? 1 'Take the childron away,' sho said motioning to Lola.rwho'had just. entered ; ?' and.do you romniini'.Tudith.' '.'Now bring my travelling dross, and ring, for a cup of chooolato,'-8ho con, tinuod.Syhcn thoy wore alonp. ' Judith stared in amazomont. ; 'lam going back 16 tho Tyrol,' ex plained tho couutoia.' ' Now iB my timo, whilo tho oarl Aa away, aud I havo not a moment to lose.'.1.. . 1 ' Sly liidy-r.woK t' : ejaoulatod the girl. ' Why not siv '.d .hie in your placo ?' ' (to hk uoxTitiyiin) 