Children's Column. BETTY CARE'S GHOST. BY ELIZABETH P. ALLAN. " What makes you look so pale, Betty ?" asked Mrs. McHenry of her little maid. Mrs. McHenry was an old, old lady, too feeble to move about or help herself much, and Betty Carr, a brisk little maid, twelve years old, bad been hired to come and wait on her. Betty came from the poorest part of town, where rent for the old. tumble-down shanties was cheapest, and it was as much as her widowed mother could do to feed her six children, and keep any sort of roof over their heads, even down there. ' It was a bright day for the Carrs when Betty the oldest daughter, got the place as waiting-maid at old Mrs. McHenry's. " God has heard my cry, children," said the poor mother ; •' with this help we can get through the winter." It was to be more help than she knew;she was only counting on the dollar and a half a week which would be paid so much more promptly than her own hardearned dues as washerwoman. But that was not half the good that was to follow. In the first place, the old lady's daughter, witn whom she lived, Mrs Wheeler, at once fitted Betty out in some good, decent clothes vhat her daughter Janey had outgrown, giving her two. whole suits. This left Betty's cast-offs for the others, and, poor as these cast-offs were, it seemed to make a great difference to each one of the others, who had had even less. Then the old lady, having little else that she could do, chattered incessantly to her bright-faced maid, and found out everything about the ways and doings of the Cam. •' God has surely sent me this child," she said to herself, " to show me that there is still something for my old hands to do in this sad world ;" and the first thing she did was to send Betty out to buy a shining little tin bucket. Into that, every day, went the broken bits from Mrs. Wheeler's breakfast, lunch, and dinner, and nobody can measure the relief that bucketful was to the hungry, coarsely fed little group in Finn Alley, coming, as it did, day by day—for Betty always went home to sleep at night. And as the old lady's tongue was brisk, though her hands were feeble, she made interest with all the people who came to see her, for these new friends of hers. She asked, with the privileged frankness of an old person, for everything her visitors wore from bonnets to shoes. And though her friends laughed at her, and declared her a very unsafe person to visit, they often humored her, and gave her a great many clotbe3 which Bmart little Betty altered and made over, under her old lady's direction, for the whole Carr family. Mrs McHenry was a6 happy as a child, planning and superintending this work, and it is needless to say how happy the little maid was in doing it. But I have wandered a long way off from the ghost I meant to tell you about, " What makes you look so pale to-day, Betty ?" asked her old friend one morning, as the little maid was brushing her thin grey locks before putting on her white cap. " I didn't sleep very well last night, ma'am," answered Betty. " Didn't sleep I" cried the old lady. " A chit like you to talk abont not sleeping I Pray, why didn't you sleep ?' If Mrs. McHenry had had eyes in the back of her head, she would have seen that Betty's face was very red, but she didn't seem to have any answer to make. " Child, were you warm enough ?" presently asked her mistress; for the weather was bitter cold. Oh, yes, ma'am ; all those nice covers you got for us keep us elegant of nights." " Well, now, just own right up, Betty Carr, why you couldn't sleep ; and to be sure you tell me the whole truth." " Madam," said the child, with a little shiver, "there's a ghost in Finn Alley." " A ghost! Oh, for shame, to be talking about ghosts in this Bi'ole land 1" said the old lady, iu high disgust ; and Betty was silent. Then her mistress bethought her how little training or teaching this poor child had had any chance for, she spoke more gently. " Tell me what your ghost is like." " It is white, ma'am, and has arms, but no head or legs, and when I go home at night, it is always in the same place, on top of a litile house ; it sometimes comes almost to the edge, like it was going to jump down on me, and last night it did jump, but I ran and got away." '• Betty." said her mistress, " what do you think a ghost is?" " I don't know ma'am ; people say how spirits of dead people come back to earth." Where do spirits of dead people go, child J" " To heaven, ma'am 1 reckon, or to t'other place." '• Now, hand me my Bible, and let me show you that no lost spirits could ever get back to earth." And. putting on her glasses, the old Christian read the account of the rich man in torment who could not, for what seemed a good purpose, get for an instant out of liis dreadful abode. •' You see," said the reader, " that lost spirits cannot come back : and do you think, my child, that the saiuts in glory would heaven's leave praises to hop about on housetops in Finn Alley?" "It does seem foolish to think such a thing,'" acknowledged Betty ; " but what could it be ma'am?'' " I want you to find it out," paid Mw, McHenry. When you go home to-night, take this quarter of a dollar, and go boldly up to the door, knock, and tell the folks that an old lady in Spring Avenue will give them the money to find out about that ghost for her." I am afraid Betty found this a difficult errand, but she did her mistiess's bidding, and came back to Spring Avenue the next morning with a very bright face. The old lady had waked early and was anxiousiy expecting her. " Well, child, what about the ghost?" she asked rising up in bed. " Oh; ma'am you'd never guess what it was," said Betty, laughing though the tears came to her eyes as 6he spoke. " Mrs. Dougan lives in the top room of that house, and she's lame ; her tect were frosted once, so bad that both of'em had to be cut off. Her boy Tim takes care of her, and lie's a stoker, I think she calls it, ma'am—least he feeds an engine somewhere. She says he's got down to one shirt, and that so black when he comes home at night, that she coaxes him to let her wash it out every night, and she irons it 'fore daylight. They can't afford to keep up a fire at night to dry it and they daren't hang it down in the yard, 'cause somebody'd steal it, so Tim gets on the roof every night and hangs it there to dry. Mrs. DvUtran says they came as near as anything to Insin' it the night the wind blew it down in the street, and I thought it was after me." Tears were Tunning down the old lady's cheeks. Here, Betty," she said, " dress me quick ; you must have a shirt to take Tim this very night. And so your ghost was poverty my child. Ah, he is indeed a terrible fellow, and needs to be fought at every comer." " Yes'm," said Betty. " And I went home and told the children about my ghost. I told 'em plain what you said about the spirits that couldn't come and them that wouldn't come, and we all just made up our minds not to believe in any more ghosts. But the childer promised me to go three times a day to see if they couldn't do something to help Mrs. Dougan while Tim's away. They was fairly delighted, ma'am, to thiuk they could be doin'for somebody else, like you've been doin' for us." And this was the very last ghost little Betty Carr ever felt afraid of 1 Christian Union. The Archbishop of Canterbury presided over the 18th annual meeting of the Society for the Progagation of the Gospel, incorporated A.D. 1701 by Royal charter. The Society has had a gross income for 1888 of £138,366 as against £109,765 in 1887, the increase being largely due to a gift of £25,000. During the year twentyseven persons had offered themselvss for mission work abroad, an^ these have gone out to British North America, the West Indies, India, Australia, Borneo, South Africa and Madagascar. The numberof ordained missionaries, including ten bishops, on the societies list, is 637, who are working in all parts^of the world. Natives are laboring in Asia and Africa to the number of Hi. There are also in the various missions about 2,300 lay teachers, 2.600 students in the society's colleges, and 38,000 children in the Asiatic and African mission schools. 