IMovelist. Flie Midnight Prophecy HEIR OF STRATHSPEY TOWERS. liy Eiiuna Garrison Jones. \- CHAPTER XLIX. LADY PEARL HAS AN ADVENTURE. Lady Nevillo was slightly indisposed, ind the earl had gono to Lancaster in regard to business matters, he said ; but for no other reason, as his sister very' well knew but to visit the Lancaster Moor Asylum, and make arrangements to jarry out his insane intentions ; which, no doubt, was the sole cause of her lady ihip’s indisposition ; for she locked her lelf in her chamber, and spent the forenoon pacing up and down like an mraged tigress, wishing sincerely that iho had the power to consign her brother :o the tender mercies of a mad-house, as ihe had done his wife. Meanwhile the countess took a fancy to drive to the ruins of an old castle lomowhere amid the highlands, and near which was a noted cavern. So the pony-phaeton was brought out, ind a basket of sandwiches, and two or three bottles of champagne parked under the seat, and Lady -Marguerite and Sir bayard summoned to accompauy her. Lady -Marguerite was not at all averse to going, and the baronet would have followed anywhere in the wake of the rouutess ; her gold attracted him as a magnet attracts steel. The day was fiuc in the forenoon, and their drive was quite pleasant, and they found the old ruins grand and picturesque beyond all description. The countess, who was quite a traveller in her way, was especially delighted. “ What a charming old place !’’ she cried, as they sat in a dim old chapel, with fretted ceiling and stained windows, sipping their champagne ; “ and since 1 come to remember it, you used to be an artist, Sir-Bayard,” she added, turning upon the baronet-; how is it we see none of your work now !” The baronet blushed like a girl, ar.d stammered in dire confusion. “Pshaw!” ejaculated the countess» “wlmt are you blushing about ? I detest bashful men ; if yon have a talent for anything ’tis nothing to be ashamed of.” Sir Bayard managed to get his voice, but it quavered dreadfully, lie did_ well—he used to sketch a long while a"o —when he was travelling—blit— “ No huts about it,” said the dowager. You’re not so clever that you need to drop your accomplishments—I’d like to have a sketch of these ruins—so do you purchase materials in Perth, and we’ll drive over again in a few days, and you shall make a sketch for me.” The baronet bowed in silence, but his face looked like the face of a condemned criminal. The countess stared in amaze “ What is Iho matter?” she cried; “ one minute you’re as red as a rose, and the next as white as a ghost. Are vou ill ?” J Sir Bayard was not quite well; he had been troubled with dizziness for a day or two. He would walk about a little ; it would soon wear oil'. Accordingly, I10 strolled off in one direction, and Lady Marguerite, watching her opportunity, disappeared in another; the countess, nun lining in the chapel, to rest herself i ml linish her champagne. How the poor girl does detest him ?’’ she murmured ; “ and I don't wonder at it much. Bayard Brompton’s a queer fellow some way—lie’s got a secret that troubles him. I wonder what it is '! But ao matter,” she added, turning hack to W champagne, “he’s one of my own /ace, and she shall marry him—it may bo llie means of saving him from disgrace mdruin.” Meanwhile, Lady Marguerite made her way through the mou’dering walls of the aid castle, and out of the warm, summer lir. The clouds were gathering in the we3t, but the sun still shone, and the oroeze was sweet and fresh. She strolled lown the ruined avenue, beneath the whispering fir branches, and out into the (reen, open park. The prospect around oer was indescribably grand and beauti ful. On one hand towered the bold, bleak valleys, and now and then the glittering gleam of some mountain lake, «nd far below Hashed the spires of Perth and distant Dundee. There was a fallen statue near at hand, 1 modern Apollo, half imbedded in the rank grass, his lyre broken, and all his god-like beauty falling to decay'. Lady Pearl seated herself upon this fallen god, »ud leaning her lovely brow on her baud, gazed out upon the glorious summer icenes with rad, sad eye3. So young, ind yet so utterly miserable ! The very sunlight seemed to fall upon her bowed head, with its crown of silken gold in pitying tenderness. She was thinking of the baronet, Ihe man who was to be her husband, wonder* lug why it was that his very presence in spired her with such disgust, and I aversion? She could not hear to be in, tlie same room with him, and yet. in three j short months she would be his wife ! “ I cannot,” she murmured, the silent tears falling over her cheeks. “Surely God will let me die and escape it. Poor papa, J would give my life to pleaso and comfort him, but I can never be that man’s wife.” And then her fancy, by a sudden and capricious transition, recalled another face, a handsome, manly face, lit by bright brown eyes. Poor little Pearl sighed, alW a vivid red flushed her waxen cheeks. She was an earl's daughter, yet she was quite as full of idle fancies, and silly, girlish dreams, as the humblest peasant girl upon her father’s domains. She sat there in the old park, on the fallen statue of Apollo, dreaming in the bright summer sunshine, and always in her dreaming those bright brown eyes were present. Foolish, foolish little Pearl! The sound of an approaching footstep startled her, and she sprang up, in haste to fly back and escape an interview with Sir Bayard ; but she met face to face not Sir Bayard, but Captain Fossbrooke. He bowed with courtly grace, that pleasant smile of his making his brown eyes irresistible. Lady Marguerite flushed like a rose in her embarrassment. “ I beg you pardon, Lady Marguerite,” said the captain, “but you were just what I needed to make my sketch perfect” —he pointed towards his portfolio and drawing materials, which lay a few feet distant—“ and my patron saint sent you to sit on the" fallen Apollo. Will you look at my sketch ?” Lady’ Marguerite followed him, and he laid before her, with pardonable pride, a masterly sketch of the hoary old ruins, and of the green park, with herself seated on the fallen marble, and the bold peaks, aud the rolling highlands in the distance. “ Why, what an artist you are, Captain Fossbrooke,” she said, simply. “ I never saw anything so perfect. Plow it would delight the countess.” “ Do you think bo ? Then the countess must see it," smiled the captain. He took up his portfolio, and they walked on side by7 side. “ I did not dream of such a pleasure as meeting your ladyship,” ho said. “ When I came out to sketch this morning 1 thought you were at the Towers.” Lady Marguerite blushed vividly be neath his admiring glances. “ We came across over a week ago,” she replied. “ We are staying at Ravens wold, an old highland country-house belonging to the countess.” “Ah, I understand! How long shall you remain ?” “Until the last of September, 1 think.” “ That’s pleasant,” cried the captain, I’m here myself for the summer. I’ve abandoned the sword, for the hot weather at least.” They had rc-ached the ruins by this time, and as they turned into the grand vestibule, clambering over heaps of rubbish, they came upon Sir Bayard, wholly recovered from his dizziness, it appeared, and coming in search of Lady7 Marguerite. If a ghost, from one of the mouldering tombs below the chapel, had confronted him, he could not have looked more startled than he did at sight of the captain. He looked like a statue, his face growing livid, his eyes wide and staring. “How are you to-day7, Sir Bayard?” said the captain, extending his hand with frank cordiality. The baronet gave him the tips of his fingers, a scowling frown contracting his brows. The next instant ho offered his arm to Lady Marguerite, and led her away7—the countess uas awaiting her ho said. Nothing dashed by his evident dislike and ill humor, the captain followed them into the grand gloom of the old chapel, where the countess still sat. She looked up in unutterable surprise at his sudden appearauco. “ Why, bless my soul,” she exclaimed, regarding him over her goggles, “ who is it ? Why, :tis Fossbrooke—Captain Fossbrooke !” The captain bowed profoundly, and ex pressed himself highly7 flattered to know that her ladyship remembered him. lie was making a sketching tour through the Highlands. “ Why7, I thought you wore a soldier,” interrupted the dowager, spitefully7. “ So I am, and begging your ladyship’s pardon, an artist, loo, in my way. Would you do my poor sketch the honor to look at it?” “Do look at it, please,” whispered Marguerite, her radiant face all smiles and blushes, “you will be so pleased, I The artist drew the sketch from his portfolio, and laid it before her, and the dowager condescended to examine it. Her eyes brightened beneath her goggles as she looked. “ Why, young man,” she cried at last, “ This thing is worthy7 of a place in my gallery at Mortlake ! I never saw a flier landscape ! Do you care to sell it ?” “ It isn’t finished y7et,” replied Captain Fossbrooke, flushing with gralilicaliou : “ it will make a liner appearance by7 far whi n it is complete.” “ Well, complete it, then, and I’ll give you a good price for it. Wiiat do you want ? Will three ltuudred pounds do ?” “That would be a very generous remuneration,” replied the captain, “ but if your ladyship would accept—” But she cut him short with a gesture. “I never accept anything,” she said. 1’vo money enough to pay for all I want. Mind, the picture’s mine as booh as it is done. Wliy can’t you do something like that, Brompton !” she continued, turning to the baronet. “ What has become of your talent ?” Sir Bayard did not reply, but the cap tain did. “ Oh, yes,” he put in pleasantly, “ Sir Bayard does dabble in colours, too. 1 remember now, my friend, Colonel Rich mond Brooke, used to speak of Sir Bayard as an artist!” The baronet’s face began to lose its color, and his eyes to wnuder restlessly beneath the captain’s steady gaze, and he stammered wretchedly in his attempts to reply. ‘ It'd he’d spoken of him as a fool, he’d have been nearer tho truth, I think,” j muttered the dowager, under her breath; then aloud, “ Here, Marguerite, give the j captain a sandwich aud a bottle of cliam | pagne,” she said, “and then we’ll gather | up, and get ready for starting.” j Marguerite obeyed witli blushing cager I ness, and while the captain, sitting down I beside the countess, uncorked his cham pagne and ate his sandwich, talking all the while with tiiat nameless ease ana ■>racc that characterised all his move ments, the baronet, utterly unable to control his blanching checks and shaking knees, availed himself of the pretext of seeing that the carriage was ready, and made his escape. 11 Wiili your ladyship's kind per mission,” ventured the artist, after he had placed the ladies in the carriage, standing in the noonday sunlight, his handsome face and bright-brown eyes all aglow with life and genial humour, “ 111 call at Itavenswold in a day or two and bring the sketch ?” And the countess nodded in her grim, abrupt way ; and mentally anathematized herself the moment after when her sharp eyes caught sight of Marguerites vivid blushes and lingering glances as the carriage rattled away “ A pretty mess I’ve made of it,” she soliloquized, “giving him an excuse to come—and the girl is head-over-heels in love with him already.” They drove a mile or two further down amid the highlands to see the cavern, which was a weird and wonderful sub terranean abode, running for miles be neath the base of a rocky cliii, roofed with glittering stalactites, and floored with mosaic-likeexcrescencesthat gleamed and flashed in the light of their torches like precious stones. The countess and Marguerito were carried away with delight and admiration, and lingered long after Sir Bayard warned them that the weather had changed and the day was far advanced. There were so many wonders to admire, so many new sights at every step, that they lingered in blissful forget fulness. The voice of their coachman aroused them from their dream. “ I beg your ladyship’s pardon,” he said, addressing the countess: “ but there be every sign as warns ye when a storm’s a brewin’, and I thought it best to fasten the ’osses, and como down an And at the same moment, as if in con firmation of his words, a roll of thunder awoke a thousand reverberating echoes around them. Marguerite grew pale with alarm, and the countess went stump ing off towards the entrance at a furious “ You villian 1” she cried, with her characteristic unreason, as another peal seemed to shake the foundation of the mountain ; “ why didn’t j’ou come and tell me before ? What made you wait till the last moment ?" “ I beg your grace’s pardon,” implored the driver “ but Sir Bayard was up a minute or so ago." “ Hush with your clatter, will you V If I’m caught in the storm it shall cost you your place., that’s all. Here, Brompton, don’t stand there like a gaping idiot. Can’t you help me to get out ?” Sir Bayard flew to her assistance, bow ing like a mandarin, while Marguerite, glad to escape his attentions, accepted the assistance of the guide. The storm was certainly brewing, and that with frightful rapidity, when they gained the outside world again. The west was one great mass of boiling black, edged with brassy yellow where the lui id sun was going down; and the thunder bellowed in the great distanco like the guns in a great battle. “ I think we had better return to the cave till the storm is over,” suggested the baronet, as he surveyed the ominous sky. You do?” snarled the dowager, as she hobbled on toward the carriage; “ then take shelter in it. If you want to be buried in that pit o' tire and brimstone in a thunderstorm ’tis more than I do. Here, Marguerite, be quick, and now, sir—addressing the driver—“ drive for your life ; if you don’t get back to the old castle before the storm breaks I’ll clip your ears.” Sir Bayard sprang to his seat without another word, and the coachman, mount ing his box, lashed his horses like a mad man. But the highland roads were rough and bad, and in the gloom of the waning afternoon it was a matter of ex ceeding difficulty to distinguish one road from another. The poor fellow had not. driven half a mile before lie was utterly bewildered. But he kept on, the fiery animals at their best speed, and growing wilder with the blaze of the lightning in their eyes. “ Are wo in sight of the castle ?” de manded the countess, shuddering at every fresh peal. “ Hot yet, your ladyship,” replied the coach man, urging his steeds into a lonely lane, which ran through tho heart of a forest of firs. Sir Bayard opened the carriage door and looked out, as the darkness began to closo around them. “ Wo are on tlie wrong road !” lie cried out. “The man lias lost his way !” The countess uttered a cry of rage and execration, but an awful shock, as if heaven and earth were coming together, and at the same instant a blinding flash silenced her. The very air was charged with sulphurous gas, and the afiirighted horses, maddened beyond all control, shot off at a hie ik-neck pace. Tho baronet put out his head to call to the driver, and, to his utter conster nation, saw that the box was empty. The driver was gone. 