From the LITEB4BY IffiORIiB. iw .Stori'«.-I f there is still anybody injo ..S-hlyoTer- dacatedrealm^feland.'-a; !, wtmnsit, Doithoroi^hJy^aiiupiD thej definition of the slioft rtofy.-we would. "Sulk refer that folated person to acollec-i ^ of wers published ondertlie titlo of " Pen ; WnJInt,,: «-nltfin b3' Mr" 1 tlut little book -Mr. Matthews devoles'k jLter to a foil discussion of the theory of the jtorr. Mr. Lang and Mr. Sylvester—in JffprefaM to a collection of short stories by fLoas French writers which they have trans- Uted into EnS 1 '' 11 ani issned nnijcr the title of ]%[ DrtA Latum—ilament the unpopularity of ij, form of literature anions English reader^ , trace the causes of its disfavour to two oreci_one the idiosyncrasy of onr readers, the ether the material supplied jto them. We English people, these illustrious coiifrcrapsAl us, jjtiin inherent objection to having our attention a«keued a d?zen times in a volume. When n t^te tbc trouble to make tho acquaintance 0f j certain set of characters, we like to follow their fortunes for some hours, at leist. The oiler objection (and it, in onr humble judgment, j;tf«r more radical one) is that we seldom get tie slori story at its best from an English yater. As our two translators point out, many of tbc subjects which lend themselves most naturally lo the short story, and which are f ed; <T en t) French authors, are tabooed to our inters. The first essential to a short story is j situation. The more intense tibo better, thumb it may be intense in various spheres— gs for instance, intensely ludicrous, or intensely pathetic, or intensely tragic, or intensely ghostly, or even intensely ghastly. As a nation ire lire a humdrum life, and have few adventorao- catastrophes. Nevertheless, we.^lavE jot lost our appreciation of vivid life in stories, mi wc venture to think that if we had a Poe ti write for us to-day his tales would not lack emulation. is to the success that these gems from the Flinch arc likely to have in educating the papular taste up to an appreciation of the phori stay, tbc translators are not very sanguine. It harily seems to us likely that.Jreadjtrs-^oee Uslcis sufficiently cultivated to appreciate'the rWrn of such writing as Gautier's, Balzac's, and ibout's sbonld not read French easily, and slooM not prefer to Tead these tiles in the language in which they were written. The trans- lators, in the effort to preserve the character and quality of the style—which, indeed, is fully half the charm in these stories—have, to onr mind, sacrificed too much. • ;Xiie torn xjf expression is often so nn-l£rigli&h;:lhat ~tlie*?-eader is reminded (if be has erCT.forgotten) that he is reaiin? a translation. Itis £ marvellously faithful version, bat«ne wants Wfc'e, forthe time, ntcoDscious that it is a version. We are not criticising tho . rexfopmancc any more seveiely than the trazuaalors themgdves .have criticised it. They afoLit'fliatlhe i>t tranpktiDn lias yet to be discovered. We vaniure to predict that it never will be'fonnd fn literalnes. With regard to the prospects of the book in awakening a taste for short stories, we hope for more than we expect. Writers' and readers would alike be gainers if the tale (which is to the novel as the lyric to the epic, and which, like the lyric, is the product of a high tide of emotion artistically worked op into the simplest and strongest form possible for it to take) were estimated at its true vajjie and compensated accordingly. The Doid Lcman (" la Morte Amonreuse "). bj Tbeopbilc Gantier, reads like a legend of the saints, coloured with an artist's skirl and told vith a s.-rh ;)lar's grace. The miraculous element is present in lai-ge quantity. The exclusive, ascetic view of life tones every phrase. A beautiful abandoned woman named Ciariinonde charms the heart of a young priett rr.vuv from his saintly avocations. At her death some strange fatality summons him to jdmiuister tie last rites ol the Church. She appoints a spirit trysi with bim, and he thenceforth enters u^on a period of double consciousaess. In the day Jie fulfils his service to th£ Church, and at nigli^ he is Clariuionde's lover. In time he discovers that his enchantress belongs to that very objectionable order of ghosts kpown as the vampire; but though she preys upon his life, his devotion to her remains unsbalen. A fellow-priest, observing how Komuald js wasting a.wiy, discovers bis sceret, and lays the apparition by opening- her tomb and sprinkling holy" water nj-on her boiy. The story is told by Romuald when he has reached old age. Graphically as it is given, there is a curious coldness in its cffect upon the reader's imagination. Its appeal is to the mental tide only of the imagination, nr* the emotional. "The Doctor's Story" (Balnc's), on tbc other hand, makes the reader shudder. As translations, the tales by Merimee strike us as the most satisfactory. A certain enrttess in stjle lends itself to the abrupt, forcible phraseology that is the feature of our conversational style. "How Wo Took the EedouW'isa magnificent chapter of graphic wiiliitj. THE CHABGE. Our regiment was composed of three bat talions. The second was to wit^'jh'e' iplouti oa the side of the gorge, J&e; o&er; twowere to charge it. I was in the third battalion. ' On leaving the ground that had covered us we were greeted by some volleys of mustelij Which did a good deal of damage. The screams of the bullets took me aback. X kept turning mj head, ^nd my comrades, accastomod to the smnd, laughed at me eailv. '.'.WtwaH'I" si verj dreadful. We pressed on at tbc double, sharp-shooters in advance ; suddenly the Eossians gave tiu Jainct cheers, and then waited, EUeht'iu Hding their fire. >. "I don't like their silence," eaid tbe iciPu>n; "it means no good." ' " I thought onr own men were a littjie too MJT. and CODM not but contrast iieir clamour 'ith tie imposing silence $f tjiesngmj, «e rca-litd ihe"foot<if the redoubt, -where onr fire bal broken the palisades, and cut up Ue ground. Onr fellows dashed over the ruins M the cry of " rive TEmpircurl" You would to, have expected men who had shouted so long t» have touted so lond. 1 chanced to look up, and I shall forget tbe sight I law. Most of the smoke had lifted, and hung like a canopy about twenty feet above the redoubt. Across a thin blue vapour you saw, behind ttrctr half-ruined parapet, the Bussian Grenauiere, their muskets shouldered, motionless as : t "f; 1 ^ink I see them yet; each soldier maA eje 0n ue ' 156 right hidden by a ""'t. In an embrasure, some feet from us, a^nun n-jth a Jighlfid-matoh ^totd come 5ljUj<!ered ' tkintin E my last hour had "Gold nHbt^" cried.«nycaptain. Jt^bislatt good night "C drums beat in the redoubt All the ranskets camc to the leveL I shut my eyes and .r- a Urrible roar and crash, followed by cries and jjroans. Then I opened my eyes, amazed to find myself alive. The redoubt was . smoke. Dead and wounded men lay •W around me. My captain was stretched at feet, lis head blown to pieces by a ball. I <ras covered with his brains and blood. Of my company, there stood but six men t-eside mi-self. After, ll,is carnage came a moment oi ftapot Jne colonel put his cap on the point of iui. "vord, and was the first man over'the parapet, snouting " I7« VEmpirmr " All the Bur- , rors L followed him. X scarcely remember "fat happened next. We got intotthe nidoubt, : don t know how. fffy^ to hand we /ought, " a blinding smoke, i believe I kept striking, BW" or d was all bloody. " \ictory ! » r heard at last. The smoke' "Iinnedaway; I«awaead men' and blood all over tbe redoubt. The gnus especially Here uttered with corpses. About two hundred soldiers, in the CKfieh-onifoim wete -ehistaed anyhow, here and there, some loading their Pieces, some wiping their bayonets. With them were eleven Russian prisoners. Tbe Colonel was lying in lus blood beside a broken ammunition J^or. .iaome soldiersgathered rouiul lrim.,eagerfy. I joineftEem. " Where is the sciiior -captain ? " he asked a tergeant The sergeant merely shrugged his shoulders, " The senior lientenant, then ! " ' "This gentleman wlio joined- yesterday,'' said the sergeant, etoically. / <y H' fi The colonel emiled a Intter enule. •*--- Come, pr,"-aid he ; the command. Fortify the gorge of the redoubt with those vaggone, for the «neniy~is in force ; but General C V vvill B^|jport.yuu."p---v- — " ColoncV fiaid l, " yon ata badly wound " Done for, my boy; but Wf have'^rhe.'redonbt" • '* ṟ * Aldricb, Cable, Stockton, &e.;, will at once occur to readers familiar with transatlantic by the author of " Majigaret Kent," conasteof fariy good of their kind, " " set by the penii 3£d that |Tell com any novelty or invention .on the part of lhe compiler; B^y are simply the plots of ^ur more popular operas given In a brief and 'readable form. Opera goers will lie quick to recognise their value as a help io the rill enjoyment of the performance, tot jthe rest, that large class of readers who pride jLhcnieclves on beijy; in possesion of most of the fkcts " that everybody ought to know" have an exceptionally good .oppprtunity -offered fhem -of ^Uing . up ymssible. chinks jb thisf^epart^tttt' ^f'iiear miscellaneous education. 1 Twenty-SrctTof the best known operas are inclnded in thepollectio.n- A CURIOUS controversy has -arisen over the article for which Leigh Hunt suffered two yeare" imprisonment. It commenced by Air. Oosse publicly attributing the artide to Iamb, and the statement is seemingly in flat contradiction to Hunt's own words in hw " Antobiqgraph v." Mr. Ainger, Lamb'e latest hiograph-r, calls for 