! JRovglist..' : : The Midnight i rophecy | -JJJ- ? . 1 .HEIR OF, STM'filSPEY TOWERS. 1 Hy Eiiiina Garrison Jones. i i. i 1 ' ?: ' ? I ; '? i' '-1 T;: ' I ?Igr'''' ' CI3£IFP -XIX- : ? : ; 1 TIIE COUSTESfPltEXUUSS. ! Tliesmi had dropped 'out of aiylitand the dusky inantlo -of -{twilight him;; over | : - the Alpine smninita,- before the Countess i . of Strathspey- returned to the spot where J Colonel .Verney awaited her.' ?' ! ] The , ollicotf Was antoking fiercely and growing desperately jinipatient,; yet Ii is sphinx-like face was- cyo) and sib'ilirig and hi* manner the very perfection of thorough ? bred politeness. . I He; give thfe;Indy «fec;:.kce'ii' -'lance as she approached -hini,j aiid lyade up his blind that sliehad liotjBeeii her husband. ? and knewiiotliiii'0- of his having followed her; and lie concluded nol to enlighten ' her, but to xc V her oil the liciuewuiil route .'??and leave her to settle itwitli the earl as ' i»cst shccculdj- . ' He sighed',- and his cv6s softened ns he looked down [oh. licr. fragile, child-like 7 ? beauty. Ilowj he had loved' her once ! ' , - And now she had not the. p *wer to stir hia heart,' '-pvp- with a broinor's tender pity. ' He was thoroughly in love -with his . brilliant Miss Julia licresford, 'independent of her ten thousand a: ?.year. . ? !?? ??_-—}???? '*??- ; .. .. Ijord Strathspey was a fool, if ho had only t--:eii \iisu , enough to know it. f.ady htrullispey'tf face was Hushed tnd eager, . and sho clutched -t little package in both hands, as if it were an .invaluable treasure. ^ ' Well, Lidy ..Strathspey,' said this ? ? -olonel, as he handed hot into the vehicle, ' I truilt you have. meJT with jiuc-; ?Cum.'] ? j. ?;???! ? --v 1 'Tiio child in mine, Uoloncr Veniey,' the replied solemnly, . !.'?ho has. the ?Strathspey birthmark oil ;hi» ri^ht .arm — lie'is.my child, my bibe, that was stolen f y 1 t '* I h«ve no doubt of ; it, jiiad.ini, but I'm afniid you'll lind it iHlIlclill r.u provo. y,' ri-pliol the cil-Jii'! ; ' the oiIil't fjoy, ? yi.ii bus tlie birih-mark, toof' : ' Yes, he has 1 I'oor little boy, I mil vury fond of lmn^aii'l lie shall always bo «» my own,' she said, w;ith emotion ; '? but my own boy, in the valley yonder, t-jrd Strathspey's true ton, ahull bu tho . keir.' 'But, my dear .la ily.' continued tho cjlonel, as they sped iilong through the le-.'peuiiig twilight, ' hotv do . you ; pur jcjso - bringing thi^ about'/ Have you luliicieiit prwfs to conviuco your . hus- band, and establish the child's claims ' 1 have the child's clothes.' she said, tlasping^the little package to h^r bosom, ?' the same lie had on when tlioy found ? bim under the milch 'goat. I Inly a plain sUp and 11 ijuiltud flannel cloak, but I tli/rtight I would take thein.' 'I hope you'll succeed, but ivally it looks very doubtful,' responded tlio practical colonel, ' I ktiow it ooes ; but heaven will help' mo, Colonel Verney. Hu sent mu Ui my child, and Tshall look to Providence for }i':)p and dire ition, 1 never will abandon my purposci/jjtfr. while 1 have lifu and reaaoii. M ifiVCf siiall bu his father's. I lieir, if it coila ine my life and happi ness.' Her pale face glowed ill .tlio twilight, with the. lijjht of iiiKpiraViuH uud death less dblcriniutitioii. Cloloncl Verney regarded her with ad , miring wondor. j yf' I beg your pardonj.ady Hlr.ithspey,' !W& ssfdat last; 'but I am older than j iron and wiser ill experience ; allow mo . lip adrlso you to toll your husbaiid uvery ' j thing as soon as yftil meet liiin ; coiiccu! i j went botween man nnd wil'; -o like pluy | ' Yes,' she responded ' but I w.mt.lo spare my dear hiuiband* all thu anxiety aiid suspense 1 canJ iAs soon atf X can sco iny way clear- — 'i ? 'But you may Icaujo him far deeper anxiety, iu! regard! to yourself, iu tho ?meantime,': interrupted the ollicer; lie i may lniscunsirue I your motives- nnd I actions.' . ! . - ! Hhc turned upoiSJiiuij i licr blue eyes blazing i-.i tho ^luO|ii.' . ' Misconstrue my notions 1 What do you mean. Colonel Verney ? Sly husband does not mistrust me, would not, under any eircuiustaubcs. I How dare you in sinuate suehjan imrausibility ?' . ' 1 Brg yii^r panloti; you will see one day that 1 am righ{,.and have your weir fare at heart. Ami now, aro we to find lodgings for tlio niglit, or to start omour journey at oiice ?' | . ' ? i *' Oh, start nt ouco by all 'moans,' i cried tho countess j] we liavo not a- mo- ment to lose.j 1 must 'et home before my liusband returns from London.'1 i ? -. ' Poor thing,' siylicd the colonel ; 'it i will be a crinil blow p' i Tlioy piocrcded .-It ouco into lerance, aud, having seen her ladyship, safely on i board the Dover steamer, Colonel Ycrney w ent on to L'aris tij see his sick-friend, wishing in his inmost heart that his. friend.liad been at iho antipodes before , lie sent tho message jthat caused him to i start o.n such !an ill-starred: journey. Tho countess reaclled Sevenoaksjiei'jre the arrival .of jlior husband, and fomul her hoAichold all in gobd order, iin'd.* her i guests making themselves comfortable. | Sho felt iutenselyl iliankful and : oc-. cupicd tho following day iii making a con cise statement concerning tlio cliildshe bebeveil to be her own. to be -put in tho hands of Sir Ileury tialbr-.uth, her solici tor. - . ? 1 I She vSs -. very tlet|:nmned' and ?..voir I anxious to have the patter investigated i at the earliest moment. I Pondering «ver. Culonel Verney s ad vice, she concluded at last to tell her hus-: band everything, and ir possible to enlist i his sympathies and cc -operation.' i But her husband, did not return ! Aj i week went by.! Another followed, audi still be was absent. J . ! Tho shooting season was famous, but I the earl's friends began to tlunk that| i their host Was . treating them ratherj ? shabbily, and] -gjie by one took ' their! ihght. . ^ ' j - - . : i ! The. countcss grew anxious and telc-i | graphed to London, and, to her utter con-j i stcwxtltiiih'shcilcaruedj that tho carl liadj I not been seen. | , | I She telegraphed- a second tinie. to his j club address, and ttfj his sister. Lady Nevill,: with no better success/ l it ivas evident that] the earl had not been in London. - | I i The poop wife's anxiety |knew no I bounds'. . -She forgot liir child and every tiling else in her fear 'for tlio husband slio .loveJ so well, and was] just oii tho point of starting for |Londnnj ker3elf to' loai ii what had became of him, when, he, all at oncq, iiiad e his appearance. ' ? - Judith met liim in tile hall, Qnliis first arrival, and stood still in vroudcriul hor .ro'r. Ko' grave-yard ghost ever looked more' ghastly. } ? Recovering her -wits Hi an instant, and divining that sc methiiig'terriblo.hjd be fallen him,' she fled likej the wind to her lady's cha*inb;rV The countess was read ing, or making i pretence to. do so, but she looked up as Judith 'enterodl ' \Vcll,';-what| is it ?'l she questioned, seeing in. the.girl's facc that she broughc some intelligence. ? ? 'My lady, I Lord Strathspey has come.' j j ? The countess sprang t« hcr-fost. 44 Oil, thimk J Jen vi ii P. she- c ied, ' where Js: he/ Where i« my darling Itusbuutf?^ ' l-- j.. -She.SViis 'about to rush niut.iu coarcli of hiin iii herjjoy, but Judi h caught at hor arm. ' ^'Onc ni-iinent, my lady,' ijho . un plored, 44 Xjllinslc. my loul la ill — -»r — or — fl'iniethiiiijliaihappciie f— Uo.iiobgo just yet.' ? - j ' -|: ? ? - - ' liiit tho anxious wifo snoulr iicr oil.: 'il ia he iill m iMiind (Jut uf iny way, JudiLh, lutjuiugo to hiiiil ' bho freed hurielf froui tho girl s tlo laining liaudH, and turned towards tho doui- a^ain,|antl Ihere, fa-jo to face;- sho met her liusHmd. . jcif.-Ji'TEi!. ::x, - : ? j' ? r.ir.TEU.. ?. '. - ' ? lfor the space of a mon. ent tlioy. stood isilent, bx.kuig into eaclicr her's eyes ; tho carl's ha:r disheveled,1 his iaruieiito Soilud, and his facu so' white audjcmaciaU'd, that his eyes looked but. from their suiikeu sockets like iballdlof.fi rc. ' . *: ' Oh, Angus, iny darling,' gn-sppd the poor wife at! last, jimtting jut licr treinb ling'ariiis tolcmbraco hiin, ' what is tlus? what lias chaijged. you so '! j Tho sound n/;h :r voice t ) ;mu,l to riitise hiin into an jusaii : fury. fe hurled hei' 'ijiick, when iho i oul.l hu 'o cl.ipscd hu neck with ;« f-jree that sent her .iecling to tho other aide o.rthe.iooiii, _ -??' Don't conic near im again, don't touch me,'! he- -ur»t on;,, p-intitig for breath in rihj'aiigtjr and; weakness, ' or I aliall forget that you Vr-o a .woman, and tho mother ?jif mV. childre i. What has ?chunked uio'V D i yon Uilow, can yuu 1 know, can yi-u gmjss, Ulse, fair-fneod do I coiver J Wlult could. mrttu i limn what I am to-dayj' but (l)u nhaiiielul deceit anil trcaclioi'y of lli'n wife / ' 'J'lie poor c-JUi)te»» shivcrbd with lorror, | biilieving.Jthiit her Jiusbau I wos utterly ! insane.. ? Sho retreated jntA a corner of tlio rooiiv'.'ilid put forth her luilid to uriup th-i beU-rojio. Hut , hu darted up on bur like alwild jbesst, liild nclzii'ig hur by Ihn shoulders foried her down into a * Don't shiver and trut?iiui, poor, Kullty coward,' lui ciiud, stniiding over hur with lifs whito, flwfuf face, ' I'll not harm you— I couldn't do( llint— -I. couldn't harm ah'iir of your hoail, iilthiiigh you have dragged me nud 'uiy. proud liaine down into thu dust,1 uud made mo im alien and an onteosfc for all tliiio.to «on o/' ; I. 'Angus !'' - 'Hileiiool 1 won't licaroi o word from your false Hps! Llslen to wliut f Imvu to say, fur nfter tills Imur 1 in ver nieiiii to look upon your face agal|i tVoii liavo iiroken my heait-ithu huart that loved you,' ho continued, with a|suddoii out burst of leiidi.rnitss. ' Oh, ; MarKUcrite, how could you, how could yuu play me V ^ ,uij )„irvl„,, ),|, face iu his'hniidH, shook aud slglied like I!. child iu (lis weakness. Ills wife arose, mid creeping In Ills sid', st'ila lior anus about Ins iii'uk I but tlioic: suit tuucll lo uiadtloii i||ni- . i \- .'No, no!*', nc cried, hurling'Jior'.ofE again ; ' I'm not to be cajole I nor de: cuiveil any longer. That til -e's. past. You deceived me in the very hi uf I made you my wife. ...You belonged to hint then 1 . You werethe mother of his ch Id 1. And now, -the moment lie comes lack from India; you lly to his afuis...:Fa se; abau: donod, shameless woman 1 ' ? : *. ' Sonie little comprehension of tlio tr^e cause of her husband's apparent insanity, began to dawn upon the bewitch red mind of the countess. She - aroso, ler lithe,' slender 'figure seeming at lea it a foot taller, a:- fiery spot kindling oil each' waxen cheek, and her blue eyes Beginning to blaze and glitter. . . . 1 :. Lord Strathspey,' she' said,|her viiic^ icily calni, '.' you aro my husband, but. you shall hot insult mo ! ' . I The carl broke into a' mockinalaugh. ' Insult ^«ii!' 'lie cried, bitterly, 'i'nii, who taking ad vantago of your ljusbaud's absence, go strolling out of Eugiiiid with Vour old lover. You didn't tliiilk I fol lowed you, iradain ? I did thpugh. I eaw you sitting under the old ' oak crying over your illegitimate son. I kcow tioic why you have always treated my ton with such unwomanly indifference, j I was within a stone's throw of you all {he time,* and saw your gallant colonel a wailing you in the coppice. False, falso wohian ! X ? belicvo now that you were cogjizant of the disappearance of my babej on the night of his birth.' You wanted i o other son beside your pet Tyrol. ' Lady Strathspey, stood like marblo, never answering a word. ? ' I cau understand now,' coutu uedtho earl, the whole thing seeming sto growT |clearcrand indisputable, '.why y -u were so anxious to. travel, and why you sent so many pnekagos to your ifoifici- ir India. Urotlier, -indeed 1 .'What a blini : fool I 1 ye becu 1 .Buc iny; eyes are opi n now.' l'*or : two wieks and i over I ha e boon lying at death's door in tlio T; rol. I should liavo died, I think, but for my children. I could no1; leave tlieiii o their shameless mother/' lie went on. ' I am .here now to niake my filial arrang merits. I shall give thorn, my boy and; girl, - 1 : mean, to Lady Neville, my sistej with tho'imdcrstiinding that ybu aro n ver: to: : set eyes oil them again. Day u/ter. to morrow I shall meet your gallant - jlouel, nnd put. a bullet through . his hear ; and then I shall: leave England fore -or. I shall leave you an annuity siifiic ient'to keep you from want,' lio added,: i uriiing back in tlio doorway ; 'aud fro n this hour I hops never .to. hear your in ine, or look upon your facte again, neither; n this world, nor in tlio world to come ! 'i ?i He strode out, ' with one. bai kivard glance,- and that glance be-i-ld lig -, still standing, erect aud statu'c-lilve, hur face all aglow with outraged innocenqe, her clear, sinless cyo3 full of liery indignation, yot melting wiili tenderness' for tlifc lius-. band who had so foully, wronged hoi . : And in the after. years of fiis \v inder ihgs— and bitter, remorseful year tlicy were — the remembrance; of her fac as lie j list saw it haunted tho carl liko an; iveng ing Nemesis.. - , ? CIIAl'TER XXI. ; . .. . last nouns. ; Thoro are some calamities 'that ; ilriko us dumb aud powerless, liko the; lijjht Ining-shaft.. When ,L;-dy Strnthspey;!ie.iid ihct husband's footsteps ringing dowji tho roaken stairway, she sank down upon ;carpot,' and resting; her forehead ot her lbldcd- arms,- sat in a stupid, senleless torpor, half unconscious of the 'j treat cnlamity that had befallcn-hor. |r : In that condition Judith fouiidjl her, wlieu, after waiting for lioiu'a to bepiim lnonoil, and uiiable to repress her anjJiety, alio entorcd licr lady's room unbidden, and all efforts on tho girl's part, to a juse iicr proved ? ipeflcutual. Iu her filgiit, J uditli summoned Mrs. Colonel Cliudlpgh, and sho, m her turn, summoned tho fa inily physiciaii. But ho shook Ins head, u! uost h3 soon as his eyes rested nil the w ut Oj tro/eii face. ' Tlia disease was beyjm lus skill, ho could do no more than admin ster a simple stimulant. . ...... v But toward night, -of her own will tho countess roused up. ? Very white, and still, aud silent, she reniniiied, bul she was clear-headed and conscious, and bu 'iiu at onco to make her nrr.ingoiueiit for; leaving Sevenoaks. Har husbaiid had :ast. her oil, and she. delerinincd to repair at uncti to licr own'castlu, known as AukBiud Oaks ; sho was too proud in her -injiliod iniiocehco to make one . effort .toward clearing herself, in. his eyes, or rcgaujing Jus coillidonco and affection. 11. L V Wo shall sot ouL early in tho niorniilg; Judith,' she said, fjuietly, ' and X w int you to make all necessary arr.ingemoi ts ; that i.-i,' she added, with. a wan si'iiilo, 'if you intend, to stand by me now , in ny lioiir of trial!' The girl burnt iiito tcars. ' My dear, dear lady,'', slit; nubb d, ' how can you ^loubt lue ?' - ? -. I ;i ? ? VI do not donbl you, Judith, rcturi edj thu cuuntess, ' I trust you ; you aro fny« on'o Lruu friuud uud helper in alt thu world.' i . Tlio follu'.viug oruing found ovciy tliing iu roadiuoss, Thu counto.-s brviilc fastud in her own npnrtmeutii. 11 ir trun c.-i stood out ill tlio hall, her private carrin ;iS .was urdered. She made her extiliinatiu is to Mrii. Colonel Clindloiyli, an l charge d; her with the task of excusing liar to », io few gliosis still remaining. .- . 1 iOnjy ono.task remained to hor bofo o; she went out from hur husbands hoi a; forever. Shu must;': bid adieu to h ;r children. Oh; bitter, bitter task I I I o; poor, uiothiir put it olf- till tho.vury In it! inonicnt.' ller husband had doerued 111 it: tlioy should be given to l.ady Nuvuit n chiirge, and they were to go down to Lo i-! don tliat very nfturnoon, in tho i care; i f 1 Lord Strathspey's notary. Ho was-Ioi 1 anil neuter of all, and nothing reiimlnc ;1 forliult to submit lilld obey, i l . Hha' eruisod thu hall with tottarjnu stops, and lapped nt tlio nursary doo(, Tlio ? ijiindas woman opened it. Lady Pearl and her brother had just liniohcil their brealifasl. : .' j. ' Oj niwiima,' cried Pearl, 'you aw Hoing down to London, too 1 I'm ho glaill Lula said you wasn't but you will go 1' j Thu voiintiiiio ili'uw the child to her bosom anil pigucd to Ihunursu to leave the room. - Him obeyuil, with a stinugoglltlur iu Iicr dusky oyu-. j ' Maihnia cannot go to Iioudon uow,'i tlio poor luotliqr begun, choking doivu ilia aching inisury at Imr huart ; ' but Lady X'enrl tiliall go, and slay awhile with Aunt Neville,' i ' X don't wanl to gu without yonj nmiimm.' .1 ' Hut you mint, my darling. Mnmwiv, iiQWgsiiogQ on »j9urn0/nptv)brotji(uj l r , , . „ [- Angus | will go: with you, and papa wil come soon ;: and you'll see the groat cily, and have sojnany pretty things, nnd play with Cousin 'Victoria, and A un t Neville' will be|very kind to you.' ; ' Tho chiligrow souiowhat pacified, and the yoiin^ieir stood passive, h;s light, opaque L-oyes expressive of neither one thing or the othiif,. . .Tlio couutiiss^aroso, feeling » that in a few momsnts hor strength and fortitude would give way. - Sho turned to tho boy first, aiid ; took both of his sallow cheeks in her bands. ' Good-bye, Angus,' she said Using lii.ru repeatedly, ' in, tho years to come yqu_shall suffer no wrong at my hands. HeavenlbTess you.' ? The l|oy received the cmbraco as lie did. everything else, with passive indiltor cncc. But little Marguerite sobbod anil clung to! lior inother in passionate grief. . ' ' jjly | darling; may Heaven .keep you from harm, '-murmured the countess. Then,) with ono last convulsive enibraco, she tore Iherseli away. She had parted from her .children, perhaps' forever. .Yet her step| was firm, and her bearing liko thatof an outraged queen, as she traversed the long; corridor, passing tlio apartments in which her husband and his: lawyer sat, the doors double-lockcd. „ JuditH awaited her in tile hall, 'and the carriage svas at the door. -S'.ie entered it, and without one' backward glanc'o, passed out from; the grand, old manor, and under the branches of the giant oaks, on licr way to the home of her childhood— a dis graced and discarded wifo ! . As sliio rolled along in' the yellow, autumn sunlight, a sudden' remembrance of that awful morning, when tho strango apparition appeared. beforo her, as slie sat undor the groat rock'at Strathspey Towers, flashed across her mind. ' You lshall bo robbed of your titles and fir.nidcur, au outcast, scorncd by your husband,! and derided by tjie world !'. ' Ah, IHcaven,' she murmured, ' how fearfully jtlie torrible prediction lias been fill tilled 1 What riierciless fate is pursuing nie 1 What iii.all my life liavo I ever done, -that all this woo aud 'desolation should coine.'updn' inc?' - -, ?- :lu the meantime, the Earl of Strathspey w«3 making his final preparations! Everything had been arranged between' him and Colonel Gilbert Verney, who was then at his sister's residence, oiily a short 'distance from Sevenoaks; The seconds had settled all tho prelimi— narcs, and flie deadly meeting was ty- take place on {he following inoriiing at sun rise, at a spot knoivn'as Willow Ridgo, a secluded place some seven or. eight miles distant. . | ' - - \- Loril Strathspey knew well enough that the chances against him wure two to one. His adversary w:is iytool ? strong-iiorved 'man, air old soldier, anil a dcad'shot. .There pas little hope that ho* would escape witih his life*; And iii vielv of this state of things, lie was. engaged throughout the d.iy injclosiugup his earthly accounts, afid making ready for death and eternity. And callnly enough ho did j»t,,- for, iu that hoiir,| Aligns, -E irl --f- Strathspey, with all his wealth aiid honors, was not much in love with life. II;; inaile his will, . providing; handsomely. ~ -for his daughter, and leaving cvcythiiig 'elsovto his son anil le'ir, -save au annuity to lits lato countlcss. aiid live thousand pounds to lie deposited iii ' tlio bank to tlio order of Juditni'ord.. :I lis two children, lie left in charge c(f his sister, appointing her bus baud, Sir Marshall Neville, as guardian aud exccuti'ir. . This done, iu his silent, and 'desolate lionie, ho' sat down and waited for the slow bouraof tho autuniii ;iiight to wear awav, and the morrow dawn,- which, ill all pi'obaljili! y, would niake him a; murdorer, iu the saiiiu mouieut that it cent i his guilty soul into, tlio presuueo of his i Mnker. I (to ui; coxtiNUuii) ; 