A Terrible Mystery. PAET IIL VH.~ Contintied. 5 It is true/ said a mocking voice behind the young engineer. 'I 'should never think the duchess -was more than 20/ Baymond turned. The baron stood beside Mm with his hands in his pockets .and an ironical smile on his lips. However, the young man made bo rejoinder. All his attention -was turned to the ? grove iriiere the young lady had taken refuge. Suddenly he saw her emerge cautiously from its shelter, listen, and then, considering the 'danger over, return to the higlrway. As she did so she tereeived the two engineers. She gave vent to an exclamation 01 mingled surprise ana alarm, and looked quite ready for flight. But gathering ler courage together she passed them, acknow ledging their respectful salute with a slight bow. ^ever was 9. man so astonished as the baron. Ee stood there -with his eye glass on his nose and his hat in his hand. ' Where on earth did ttHs girl come from ?' he asked at last. 1 Baymond did not answer. He would have Rand it- difficult to explain why, but he shrank from describing the little scene he had witnessed to the baron. - She must have sprung up out of The .ground/ continued M. de Boursonne. ' If ehe isn't a ghost, I should like to know her same* The baron's usual attendant had overheard these remarks, and he now came forward with a respectful bow, and said : ' That young lady, sir, 5s Mademoiselle Simone de Maiilefert/ ?Ah!' ^ 1 Yes, sir, and she came out of that little grove, There I saw her hide when she heard her mother and the party coming. It's very strange, sir, that joa've never seen the young lafiy before, for she's always in the woods and the fields, sometimes trith her English governess, sometimes on foot, and sometimes on horseback, and I must say that Ijiwer taw any one take hedges and ditches 'uetter than she does.' With a gesture the baron thanked the atten dant for his information, and when he was alone again jffith Baymond he said, ' I can't get this joung girl out of my head. Don?t you think it queer that she is so much afraid of being seen by her mother? Do you not remember -what the inn teepertoia us?*' ' 'Yes; but Bern is a simpleton,' replied Bay tnond. ' No doubt,' rejoined the baron, 'However, I Vroald give a good deal if the old artillery I officer 'Would come and smoke his pipe with us to-night!' I Some good fairy must have heard this wish, for krdly had they finished dinner than the artillery officer appeared, ushered m by the landlord of the Eising Sun. And he was not alone. 'He had taken the liberty/ he said, as he entered, 'to bring his nephew, Monsieur Savinien de Chene I hutte, who was passing the day with him./ M. de Chenehutte was a good-looking fellow of 30, *ide- shouldered and red-faced, with a self satisfied air, and dressed carefully, but in atrocious taste. He was well-off, and lived on his estate. In reality, his name was simply Bizet; but he had adopted the name of Chenehutte to distinguish himself from his brothers. He liked it ; and, as it was the name of one' 'of his estates, he put it on his visiting card. ???.!' I ?' To the baron's first questions respecting Made Inoselle &e; -Maillefert, the old artillery officer answered, with the indifferent air of a msgi who I istoo much absorbed in himself to care for others, I '1 know nothing about the young lady-.' But De Chenehutte was better informed. 'This I giii's ways are very peculiar, certainly/ said he, I 'She came to Maillefert about five years ago, and j Vien people said that her mother had abandoned I ier, as it were, they wanted to be kind to her. I %e most distinguished ladies made advances to I hep, but she received them in the most haughty I fay, and did not even return their visits. I ' Which certainly does not speak well for her I Bringing tip/ said the baron. I 'They- are all the came in that family/ con- I tinned young De Chenehutte, ' they despise all I their neighbors. Do you know where the young I *aie goes for his companions when he's here ? I uhyto the cavalry school at Saumur !' I * Impossible!' I 'Ifs true, I assure you — ask my uncle. We I toe too insignificant for them. They bring their I guests from Paris and Angers.5 I The baron -was jubilant: he had found his man. I Listen to what this gentleman says, my dear I Jelorge, for it is Very interesting. So the I oaelie38, then, never invites the people here I abouts?' I '^To, for she knows her invitations would not I » accepted/ I 'And -why P I M.Bizet drew his chair closer to the baron's. I Because/ he answered in a mysterious whisper I ''-'.because the duchess iB a most compromising I Tfonmii.' I 'Impossible!' I 'Ask my uncle. - He will tell you .that her I l°rtune, which was once enormous, is nearly I j-oae; he will tell you also that her reputation I j*B gone with it— that each year she makes I *jerse]f conspicuous with some fresh simpleton. I W*Or ^ier ^6**?» *n6B can of course go to them, I wit not their wives and daughters.s' I 2 the baron enjoyed all this, Raymond did not, I sohe abruptly asked,' .But what has all this to do I itith the young lady ?' I M- Bizet d© Chenehutte winked in a way -which I was meant tb foe very iicute. lOh!*aaidhe, 'she's I y^te another person. The boot there is on tie I ytner leg. She is as cunning as her mother is I J^Mess. And yet, to hear the talk of the I Peasants, you frould suppose her to be the best I «« purest, as -well as the most charitable, of 1 woaigji.' .... I 'And that strikes me as being a pretty good I 'Tea, but i^s only talk Now, look at it iot I jonrseif. Is Mademoieelle Simone forced to live *» she does? Nbi she is no uglier than other 1 w-jm^, and she is immensely iich/ I \ Jut y°u 3ttet said the duchess was rained/ I ft tbat iB I*'*8 true/ answered Bizet; 'but I iu^-ytmS Jady has a fortune in her own right. I Maillefert belongs to her, and her wealth is I ™Ply enormous.* I ^J^16 old artillery officer burst into a laugh. 1^ 'ttfflay believe'my nephew/ he said, 'for he I ^*\?VQ& -*&-*&\- * AU the -world knows I las?*8' ? ^'J^**®' ^^ *ttfiie iroddj foi I j^^year, when jroii came to the concluBio& ^hat I *W8moiiriie Simone ivrapld aaako. a Vhfamtyyg' Lady of Cheneliutte, you took pains to inform yourself most fully.' The flush on Bizet's face deepened to crimson. ' I made a great mistake last -year/ he said, ' and I am ready to admit it. I reflected in time, how ever, and saw that if the young lady isolates herself in this manner it is because she has a good reason for doing so. Now, when you look at a girl's reason, you generally find a lover.' Baymond, who had been gradually growing angry, now started up impulsively and exclaimed: ? Turn lie, sir ; you lie !' The bright color on Bizet's face died away. 'You must recall those 'words sir/ he re joined. Eaymond shrugged his shoulders. ' 'Most wil lingly/ he replied, ' if you will name this young lady's lover.' ' No, sir; I will do nothing of the kind. Tou shall hear from me I' And so saying, Bizet rushed from the room. ' I am glad he's gone T exclaimed the artillery officer.- ' Why is it that young people are always quarrelling ?' Then turning to Eaymond he added : ' I don't say that my nephew was right, but you will admit your language was unparliamen tary.' ' Sir ?' ' There are some words that should never be heard, particularly when a man has had a good dinner, as my. nephew^ always has when he dines * with me.' As he ?? spoke, the old officer knocked the ashes out . of his superb meerschaum and put it carefully into its case. I ? Silly — superlatively silly !' he muttered. 1 ' Where am I to look for my nephew now, I should like to know ? I wonder if he has gone to the Cafe du Commerce. For this matter must be settled at once, and I count on you, baron, to faring M. Delorge to his senses while I quiet my nephew.' And so saying he went off. ' As soon as the baron heard the door close he walked up to Eaymond, andcrossing his arms, ex claimed: 'You drank too much wine at dinner, or else vou have lost your mind.' 'Why, sir.' The baron raised his arms despairingly. 'He asks why !' he cried in a tone of compassion. ' I also ask why you have seen fit to fly into a passion on account of the senseless chatter of an under bred idiot. I thought the man very amusing, and I expected to spend a very pleasant evening, which, you have spoiled entirely/ But Eaymond had not yet recovered from the passion he had been thrown into by what he had heard. 'The fellow said things that .made my blood boil/ he exclaimed. ?What things ?' 'He said the young lady had a lover.' ' What if he did ? What is it to you ?' Baymond was somewhat embarrassed. ' Isn't it clear/ he said, ' that ifs so much low slander, prompted by the refusal 'he received from the young lady's family ?' The baron shrugged his shoulders up to his ears. ' ' And what if it is ? How on earth does that affect you. Are you Mademoiselle Simone's brother, friend, or relative ? Do you know her ? Have you ever spoken to her f ' Eaymond occupied Tii-mKol-f -vrith lighting a cigar, and seemed to have a great -trouble with the matches. ? I dare say I have been absurd/ he said. ' Indeed you have ! Utterly ridiculous/ ?However, no man shall, ever insult a woman by speaking of her in that way in my presence. And if all men rebuked such scoundrels promptly the reputation of young girls would not be at the mercy of such light tongues. I have a sister, and if some villain spoke of. her as this man Bizet spoke of Mademoiselle Simone, I would be grate ful to any man who undertook her defence' At any other time the baron- would have been quite interested by Eaymocd's excitement, but he wished now to cool him down and not add oil to the flames. . He therefore said : ? That is all very well — but you have said enough on this oe-' casion. The artillery officer will bring his nephew back, so you must shake hands with him, and let the matter end.' At this moment the street door opened — but it was not the Bizets returning; it was a young man who asked to see M. Eaymond Delorge in private. 'Oh ! you may speak before this gentleman,' said Eaymond. The young man thereupon seated himself, with his legs well apart and his hands on his knees, and then, in a solemn tone, he explained that he had been sent by his friend, M. de Chenehutte, who had been grievously insulted by M. Delorge, in view of arranging a duel. 'Tut! tut!' said the baron. But Eaymond interposed. ' I am quite ready to meet Monsieur Bizet de Chenehutte/* he re plied. '.Then, please name your seconds, sir, and we will arrange preliminaries.' Eaymond had not thought of this. ' I have not had time to choose seconds, sir, but it will not take long. Where shall they meet you ?' ' At my house, sir — not two steps from here/ and the young man handed his card to Eaymond, bowed, and retired with the dignity of a high priest. M. de Boursonne was out of patience. ' I hope you are satisfied now, Delorge !' he cried. ? Tou have a duel well started — but where are your seconds coining from ?' ' I depend on you, sir, to act a9 one of them.' ?On me! Upon my word, you must bequite mad if you iffink that I, your chief, will sanction your folly by my presence. 5To, indeed. Itwould be a disgrace, and only increase the scandal. Don't you realise that you will become the talk of the 'whole country side ? And for the matter of that, it -trill be the same with Mademoiselle Simone. A nice service you have rendered that poor girl. A perfect Don Quixote, you are ! You think I will be your second 1 You are mad, my dear'hoy.* ' -^ It Is possible that this reply was not unexpected by Eaymond. '.Very well/ he -replied,- 'then I mQ. ask M. Bern to find me two men in the neigh borhood -who have formerly Berved in the army. They won't refuse.* The baron did not seem to hear. He was waltz ing up and' down 'the dining-room smoking his pipe. Suddenly, -however, he exclaimed: 'No, Delorge, you must not do that. You are a good fellow, and I -will perve you. Of course you see that I shall get into trouble, but never mind. ?? I ; will take one of the assistants . with me, and go and 9e6 yonr men/ ?Ah, sir!' began Eaymond, who was -greatly pleased. . , ' ? ? . . (TO SB OOSTORTSD*) 