Ttaveller. Light-giving Plants. Perhaps one of the most remarkable in- stances on record of phosphorescent vege- table growth occurred in England. In one of the parishes, a quantity of wood had been hauled up a steep hill. That evening some paseers-by noticed the road dotted here and there with luminous patches. The light was found to proceed from bits of bark and splinters of wood. Following thia trail, they came to a spot whore there was a perfcct glow of white light. The secret was soon revealed. Among the sticks brought up the bill was a hemlock, the whole inside of whose bark was covered with the fibres of a fungus. The outside was growing, but the brightest light came from the interior. The fibres had penetrated all through the sub stance of the wood. It was wonderful how persistent the light was. Rubbing only made the light brighter, and when the wood was wrapped in five thick layers of paper, it seemed to shine through just as bright as ever. In Borneo grows a fungus said to shine so that.it can be seen distinctly in the dark, its greenish light giving a very weird appearance to the ground where it growa. Here and there one may see patches and spots of a brighter and more intense green. To one who examines closely, these reveal themselves as young and minute plants. One writer claims to have seen a jungle so filled with these luminous fungi that the air was all aglow, and one could easily see to read by the light. From Australia, too, comos stories of this very strange appearance. Drummond, during his explorations, found a species growing on stumps in the water, so luminous that when laid on a newspaper the words around it could easily be read. The phosphorescence lasted for a number of nights. On another occasion he had col- lected a large, fleshy fungus and hung it up in a room to dry. For several nights it filled the room with its soft, mysterious light. Some natives who were brought in exhibited aigna of the greatest terror, thinking that the fungus was haunted by an evil spirit. Of course the phenomenon can be traced to perfectly natural causes. 