THE CELERY BOY 1 - " — - : " Ever y Man for Himself.", Gosh-! I just should: think it avus at the Alexandra on Saturday. AVhat do! you say, Jack ? Oh ! your, cadie be blowed ! Look; Avliat a sight my jacket Avas. It avhs a-ripped right up! the back and one arm torn right out. Mother said; father Avould be in a deuce of a rage- but I coaxed her into! not tellin' 'im. That there cove Dampier might- send' us one of his coats 'e's a-gotten in his Avardrobe. Migntu't 'e. Too big ! Oh ! but mother would cut itj clown." I was awoAvin' all the time I was a-beiti'; squashed that I'd neArer - go a-first nightin'.. again, but; Avhen I got squatted in the front roAv 'of the gallery and the play began, la- kind of changed my mind.i Jack, -now, did you ever see such a gallery ? I knew it. BloAved if ,ever I, did. And wern't the boys on their best behaviour, and, jimminie, didn't they chuck it at, the actors. Ye talk about some of your big, bugs of blokes as gets up them there .dramas,, but that there little bit of TunaiMiatur as calls herself , Holt has knocked a play together just about every blcjomin' bit as good as theirs. Didn't some of the things they did send the boys into fits ! Darn me if Billie Jones didn't get so excited lie knocked my bill over The front and nearly tossed his OAvn cadie after it. Oh, there's a reg'lar lot of excitin' stuff in it, and it knocked the people almost silly. Ain't she a -chummie little coArie in them lcicksies ! She's all there, I tells you, when she's on the stage, and keeps things a moArin' and lively -kind. Blessed if in that church scene I didn't think it Avas Bland, her brother, Avhen she turned her back. Wonder if the make-up Avas an intentional resemblance. Speakin' of the pair father was a mentionin' that they hadn't seen each other for fourteen years Until they met here the other Aveek. Say, Jack, next time as Ave goes to the theatre Ave must take bouquets Avith us, and get the cove as Avags the stick to 'and 'em up. Oh! it's the kerrekt kard, you bet. Hang me, I thought the orchestra bloke would lurver stop pitchin' 'em to 'er. Wonder if 'e gets ahythink hextra for this light-porter business. ; And there Avere more, oil: them fioAver gardens for Lily Dampier, Ain't she a nice quiet goin' beauty. Blessed if half the boys ain't gone clean off their chumps about' 'er ; and, I say, Jack, I'm blessed if Daniel Deny, didn't' ago an' pay a bob for her phiz. She's real jam in the part she's got; but hang me, vvliy the deuce should they ahvays be abusin' 'er an' alloAvin' skunks of fel- Ioavs to knock 'er about. Oh, don't I feel up to goin' for 'em Avhen- 1 gets a bit excited' an' forgets Avhere I is for the minute. I Avas kind o' sorry for that iicav covie as had lost his voice. He looks a decent sort, and I'll 'give' otlds Avill come out strong Avhen 'es all there. The two ; hea\\-y Aveights: avIio go about ehuckin' good and bad things off their chests take a lot of beatin' at that ; sort of business. What's their names again ? Oh ! ay, Bdothman andBaker, He did worrit me, that nigger did. I do hate 'em stage niggers. You should- have '.watched that there neAvspaper cove as has a daughter in the piece Avhen that nigger Avas a huggin' and a kissin' of 'er ! Sainmy Sly avus in on Tuesday night and lie says there Avas a rare lark over the black felloAvcomin' on in the gamblin' hell scene Avith his face blackened and his 'ands white.; ' He scooted fast an' got his black gloves on. Yes, I, liked the scenery an' I liked the piece, an' I liked the playin'. . There uoav ! . Mother hadn't seen the panto., : and father got a border for 'er and sis. ' They enjoyed themselves grand, and sis. says mother laughed a lot and Avas aAvful'taken Avitli the scenery, especially the transformation. But she got too mu'oh of that circus, somersault throwing and twistiir aliout business. They niight as well 'a\'e a ring and horses and a few perfprmin; helephants at once says she. Oh, and isn't she doAvn on 'em for alloAvin' that kiddie, to appear. She says its pure aiid simple cruelty, and Avould like to giAre the parents a line of heir mind. (She doesn't ltnoAV the I'ghost .Avalks'' rather big on Mondays. ) She asks if there's no 'society to prevent cruelty to children. Dun' W. Thiu'sday .is the last night of the panto., and' Avdn't Aye lie tlieEe Jack, to give Teddy .Royce a lift at his lienl' . Father Avas tellin' of the Royal behind the scenes haying been invaded, by a big proAvd of .men, headed by some cheeky co A:e. ; Tlie- 'cheeked the stage- mana ger, spooned the Egirls, blocked' the entrances, and almost stopped the performance. They rampaged all over' the stage, then went aloft to' the ;place where the blokes, sling the paint" on the 'canvas,' knocked the models all over the shop, smashed paint-holders and generally kicked up - — And tliere was' .the same to- pay afterAviirds. The whole racket avus heard through the telephone— -or something else — by one- 'of the bosses, and wasn't1 there a- i-aclc'et ! Hinques't,1 hin- structions, ten-sheet poster on the door, " No Admis sion," and heaA'en knoAvs AA-hat." Say,' Jack,; do you iememljer the Reader Ave 'ave at the Excels, class — " Hoaa- little fchiti»-s are magnified, But someone it— it — it- — ; — " Hang't, I forget; the rest. NeA-er mind. Father says, there's a lot of clmcklin' oaer it.. Was a-passm'. the TOerman All cocner. ilay, and 'earin some invisic ;'ad a look ixi. ; What d'ye think, Jack ? There's a neAV comic opera company formed, : called..?' The Australians," and they're agoin' to Queens land and to Java and China, and India and South Africa. Among them, are Ivanova, Kelton, George Carey, Knight. Aston, Lissant and others, r'and Harrison. as conductor. )" ' -. \ \ /' 'Eardjas, 'oav theyVe chalked- up oyei; timeej 'uudred . quid for 'the covie Henuings'. --The sIioavs1 AAill be Luge thmgs, and There inay he a. concert in the .Towi/ Hall, too.; 'All the pros, waut'to lehd ah-'rthd.T;-: -I " ' Billie Briggs' sister Avlio's . in the chbrus'Avas a tellin' 'em at 'ome as how' " Pepita" .is . getthi' a little bit-: off in the houses. S'pose tliey'lL chuck it oarer for some- thin' else soon. . ' ' - - ; ! . Say, Jack, fancy. 'em bein' able to train fleas. It's a fact. ; S'elp me, father says so. Some; bloke named Brecliin lias just come out with a troupe of performing fleas, and they do do Avonders — not in the ; Avay of bitiu'. v ' " '' V Another first night, Jack, on Saturday. Thornton introduces us to his "Mamma." They say she's a- liArely party as Avill make ye larf. What cheer, 'Arry ? See that 'Arry Friedman has to anti up five hundred quid for allurin' theVMagpie ttAvay. from lier old man. He'll kwe to pay the piper and dance the reel o' Tulloch; Seen that new dia-e the Silbons do at the Opera 'Ouse? By gosh, it's a nipper. You have a look at it, Jack. Maybe Jatnie MacMahon or Joe Avill pass you in if yonwe gotten a clean face. Father Avas a-readin' that George Darrell is a big boss oA'er in NeAV Zealand. He's been a-eollerin' the chips splendid. Next week 'ell- he 'ere. Another bit o' noos he Avas a-tellin' us — Grattan Riggs is goin' on tour, an' opens at Albury Aveek after next. Oh, did ye see Arnold and his croAvd, and Leitch.and company in toAvn? T'hey arrived from Tnsnninia on Thursday, and the one opens at Sandhurst to-night in " Hans, and the other at . Ballarat to-night in "The j Silver King. " Vl'hat a great 'ouse the Cogills 'ad last night at' tlieir ben. Billie Briggs avus there and had a great time of it. Thejr leave us for a while, lie says. So let's say ta-ta. By joare, - the Hicks boys uoav are to be in St. George's. Tliey open to-night: Che Vic. is still to the fore AA'ith its usual programme. 'Eard a covie at the door sayin' as 'oav Frank Clark A\'as a shoAvin at one of the London lialls before lie sailed, and 'ad a big success. Asliton's taken the WaxAvorks place, to exhibit the hairy-faced Jo Jo, and the Opera 'Ouse for Clark's neAV slioAA-. Nearly forgot to tell ye, Jack, that Lincoln Is 'avin' good.biz. at the Athenieum. ' 