OoofAJiiTOpKA^iGRtoiiSttfRA'C-isiib'.v. Oy Wmlnusilay thero was a larjjo iiiunbe'r of mom ..bors'and^ofatiio^imbli'o ?tt.'tlio showj.'wliicih wub .formally;- opoiic-1- on.'ThilrBdiiy. ?' Tliero w'oro 35 'exhibits in thoroughbred horses, 5-1 druughts, 106 currmBo ami baekneya, 03 In olicop of an excellent churactcf, A. U^Koi'th, of JBoggau Beggan, securing Son, of Berthong; 0. D. Davidson, of Geraldra ; P. Sinclair, of Nuiiba j J. P. Sullivan.of ..Coolao ; and \V. Levett,woro among tho prize winners. In draught stallions; Suiting Bros, we're first, and S. K. White second. Mnro, 3 j-onra': H. E. Whito, 1 ; J.Cox, 2. YoarUng oult : S.E/ Whito, 1 ; E. O. Hobhs, 2. yoarling' filly : S. B. White, 1 ; George Powoll, 2.'1Goldlngf any ago : G. Boll, x , u. n. vuri'jrf*. — i nir -tii'-iimii^iiiHt-nitrnesscu-.,' O. Ball, 1 i,' C. Lolterton, 2. Fat Stock.— Two fat bullocks : J. Robinson, Klnio, 1 ; P. J. O'Dorinqll, Cucumbla,:2. Th-o' fat 'cows : W. C H. Bqberts, 1; J. Robinson, 2. Merinos— Fat wethers :???; Hatcloy, 1.' Pen of fat bullocks, special presented by J. Robinson : J. Robinson,- 1.~ In* dogs-, C. Howell, T. Koah, J. Barrett,; J. Hannah; M. Hurley, F.; M.:Browh,A.' H.' Baraby, iind C. \V. Webster wore the winnora. In poultry, H.' E. Janson, A.(T. Bolton, .W. J. Bainos, W., Herring, W. H. Matthews, (.!. H. R ' Primrose, ' E. P. Barnes, F. Nushj and T. Tobay took tho prizes. Dairy Produce.— Fresh butter : J. Roberts. Salt: J. Loiterton. Chocco : Mrs. llelvillo'.- . Bacon (very good), J, Roberts.; Hams :? J. Roberts.-. Saddlery:1 R;' 'A:-Kiag,\:K'\tii-^4-' W^' ,P-' Roardon. Single buggy home : JMr.'Tliaokoray'. team:^Mr;'S.^.Gordon, Gocup; ..Lady's haokney : Mr. Thackeray's .Rocket Gentleman's hacknoy : M. KfnT Mtui'a HnMrlMiif .? . Iinaf . In.l.r mMah . Uioo King, TuinuL The ' steeplecliasiiig,' which was, as it always is the most exciting featuro of the day, came off, though rathor late. On uccount of tho large number, of entries so'ino time was lost in tho gentleman s hunters contest. Tho horscsj wcro good and tho jumping most creditable, considering tho stato of the ground which was soft. Tho first horse to go to tho jump baulked and slipped down euvn uiiiu, uuiiBvijuuiibiy win uui ui 11. ui mu romalning number, Bolara, Huntsman and ^7ctno mado themselves conspicuous by good work. All these jumped in grand Btylo, much pleasing the Governor, who referred to it at the banquot. Kirk was cheered on riding out with tho colors, on tho successful horse. It was a keen contest for second placo between Huntsman and Kciiio ; un fortunately tho latter full inlho;'run off,' giving the ridor, Conolly, a bad spill. - Drs. Audorson and .Brown attended the . jockey and pronounced no bones broken. Tholady hunters began tholr work, but as it was mist 0 o'clock.- thov hud to desiaf. till jnext morning, when Miss King (Tmmit) carried off |tho honors and first and second .prizoj, riding Empress and Obadinh.' Miss A. Renchan and Miss M. Kcnrns dividing the thinl prize. It raiued the whole timb. .-. ??, ? . Tho Governor ? arrived by special train at 10 o'clock on Thursday morning. There was dl izzling' ruin, but between 2000 niid 3000 pcoplo wcro present, with a largo number of four-in-hand anil other traps. Tho Mayor, upon Lord Currington's arrival, read an address formally welcoming his Excelloncy on behalf of tho pcoplo of the lrarough ' and district .. ....'??' Tho Governor m»do tho following reply:— 'To ?tho -worshipful Mayor and Aldcrmon of the Borough of Cootamtlndra — Gentlemen, — I have to return you my most grateful thanks for tho cordial welcome:w!ucn yoii have been good enough to givo mo on this my first visit to your important district. Jt_has_Kiven-_moitho^groatq8tiI)lSusnreJo.ji.via| which I trust will enjoy tho success which- the ! aims of so deserving an iimtitution HKirit. I accept ' with satisfaction the expression of your goodwill as - an ovidence of tho affection which you bear towards tho throno and person of her Majesty the Queen, whoso, representative I havo tho hcuioiir to bo'in this great colony ? {Jaurinoton-.' ? | Cheers were given for tho Queen, tho' Governor and Lady Carriugton, and then a procession, of the police, tho volunteers, tho friendly societies,' citi zens, and vohiclcs, was formed, and went to tho Albion Hotel; whero- feveo was hold, thoGovern- i or cordially receiving everyone without distinction. ? His Excellency also visited Mr. Stephen : While, of Merribindinyah, who is lying at au hotel with a broken leg. ' --- :. j At 11.30 Lord Curriugton was driven to the hos- . pital oponiug;. ' .:;.???.,' ',' ?,...' : i Tho. Govomor heartily thanked. tho pooplo for turning out in the rain to receive hiuhi ? ? ?',','''? * The members of Parliament present we're Messrs. ' Barn.es, Jones, Mackbiuon, Colls uiidjomes Mortui. : Tho gathering was the largest and most rlfpfesentu tivo ever seon horB. -?'?::ii . :.:.'.-'. '? : : C '?' -V Mb. :I)istbiot vSnnvEYOB Oraj who recently visited the :recrbatiou ? rcsorvo to report upon tho ncod *of a road through it, and othor matters in dispute between tho public and the trustees, has sent in hin report to tho Minister for 'Lands, aud, wo hopo soon to see the wholo thlug placed npon a We draw special attention 'to tlia advortrseinont ?' re tho Lithgow Coal Company which will be foaud in anothor column. . | We loam that nnno of the tenders for the Jugiong lock-up!are likely rto. bo accepted, -as considerable fault is-tound'xitli itB design as well as tho' laying oufof''tho grorind.V ln'all probability frcah tenders will bo oalled for ill a ifow days. . . :: I The meeting of tho RucingClub committee, which ' was to nave ncen ncin oir a naay mglit lapsed for want of'a qnorum. It is only fair to say 'sovorai j members of the committee were absent from home*.' at Cootaninndra; The adjourned meeting takes placo at Tattersall'B, (Traccy's Hotel,) to-morrow ; evening (Wednoaday,) at 7-30 o'clock. j Tub Rifle Reserve Company, had to postpono ' their Bhootmg .on-1 Saturday ? owing to tho wet' weather, but.it will ovontuato on Saturday,, 8th September, under liko conditions' to those of previouB matches. :. : ' ? , I Two very important properties will be ouerod at i auction this week, viz. the old mill, by Messrs. ] Mair and Co., and. - tho Asbestos paddock, Jones' ! creok'/byMr. Arch. S. Smith. Tho first named , salo takes place at the. office of the firm to- ' morrow (Wednesday), and tho latter at th'o Club House -hotel^jOn Thursday. Full particulars of. both Baleaare- advertised to-day: bo 'that investors . can soe that in both cases valnahlo property is being offered which they' should try to 'secure. | We had very wet wcathor during tho' loBt fow ] days, of the pastwook. On Saturday about- 1 p.m. j heavy hail Btonn took; place and lasted for some ' time. The.water rpao with wonderful rapidity iu j the river and Morloy's creek was within a few feet of being over its banks. Tho Tuinnt rivo'r.on Saturday was reported to havo been higher than during any other period- tliiB 'ycat, and tho coach could not procccuVthcro on Suuday by tho Marked TrcolineV' ? * ? ? ' r '??'?' ' A'Ciiowk lands salo will' bn hpUI.-t;;tt(b 10 ? ofllco to-morrow nt 12 noon. Tho lota to bo offeroil .wore publhtiod In our tot issue. ? ?' 1 The Gundagai P. and A. Society announce In another column that tho annual parade of stallions will tako placo on tho flat on Saturday, Septombor , 14th. We trust to SCO a largo nuinbor of horses , exmuucu lor tnoro is suro to be a large attonaanco of spectators. Mil D. L. McKekzie, Stock Inspector, Informs us that ho has just complotcd a trip through a portion of his district whoro somo imported rams havo bcon located, nftor their 90 days quarantine in Syduoy. Mr. McKenzio found' everything all right so far nB tho sheep woro concerned and tho country was simply splendid. 'We hnvo entered npon tho dog month, as during Soptcjnbor all dogs over six months old havo to bo registered. The first step for owners is to get a form for 3d at this office, fill it up andtnkoittotho Clerk of Potty Sessions (Mr. Woekes) who will takothefcoof 2/6 amY.givo the rocoipt. Wo learn: that Senior- Constablo McEUlgot has been provided with a receipt bo'pk and will' irano receipts duiing: air...-veeKes ausence. '. SATnBDAT.was the last day for receiving tondors ?for- improyomoments ,at tho hospital, Thoro are sovernl tenders which tho committee, will consider on.Tuosday' (to-night,) that being tho'uaual monthly: meeting. ' , VT'E appl'cation-l»y' -T: -H. -Bnttmi, Enrongilly,; for a mineral fouso of i4* aorcs, has boon refused. .i Friday night, agod 113. Sho was' senriblo ? almoBt1 to tho lust moment. She had been 80 years in tho colony, being tho first woman to cross tho Dividing range. Her Vcliitdrcn, to'-tho' fourth; generation,; number 'ovor 600! Up to 12:yoara;ago decoaaod was strong and' active and: camo ' into Yuss rogu larly every week by herself m'arkbting. ? Ordikaby licenses for tho salo of oxplosivcs have been grunted to tho following porsons : — Yco King; Tumnt i Albert E. Mcrryful, Adelong ; Budd Bros.; Adeiong. . AK important Equity suit is being tried 'in Sydnoy this week— Nicholls v. Grain— which arises out of tho administration of tho will of the late Thomas Watts. Several witnesses havo gone from Gundagai, Adelong and Tumut. Another cose of ; local interest is set down for hearing in tho No. 2 ' Jury Court on Monday,' viz. MoLaughlin '?*. | Bennett and others for libel contained in an article - in tho i'Mnin;; Newt at tho timo of the lute election undor tho heading of tho ' Gundagai Trick.' Mr. ] McLaughlin claims £2000 damages. . Iu this case also sovorai Gundagai witnesses, arc to proccod to oyuney. The following entrica have been received far the Murrumhiilgeo P. and A. Association's show, to he held on 4th and 5th September :— 202 horses, 230 , sheep, 100 agricultural implements, 84 cattle. Among these thero are 31 in tho hunter's classes, 10 iu tho trotters, 8 in tho sheep test competition, | nmlO in the tobacco, leaf. It is oxpected that 50 non-competitivo exhibits will be received boforb the first day of tho show. The total number of entries already received is 1505, being a great deal more than those of provious years, whilo in 1888 th'o number of entries was 131ff. i ! The following donations have boon promised ftjr the next Jltnoo P.-, A. and I. Show, in addition to ' thoso promised at the Show banquet :— Mr.'-'Neil M'Callnm, Tnhbo, £10/10/- : Mr. G. J. Miilholand, Onm, £5/5, aud refund of nil prizes won at tho 18^0 SItov; Mr.OwenCoonoy.bid J uneo, £i/4f-; Messrs. i Deeds of grant urc ready for issuo to tho follow ing :— Jamos Armstrong (2), Coonoyj Thomas Biglin, Cowcumbla;. James Beveridgo (4), Dingi Dingi; \yilliain ?.BurnB,' Grtndagui; John W. Horsley, Tumbarumba ; Edward Joinicson, South | Gundugai ; William Lynch/ Gundagai ; Andrew McGlynn, Tumbarumba ; Robert D. Matthews', '. Tumbarumba ; Jara'oa MoEvoy and anothor. (12), i South Gundagai ; Arthur W. Molineaux, Adeldng ; Elward O'Riol (2), Tnniharuraba ; John Ryan, Muttama. * ? ' * . . J Cortahilyjtho best placo in Gnndairai toJpurfBABo Ken's, ^dual's, and lioy's Clothing JvhmiMa mako) is tVubdd's Centennial Stores. ^Tauhjyut ?' ON Thursday a bluckfellow named Yarry^Kont up to Lord. Carringtoii. at Cootamuudm and said Good day boss. Why you send such black sugar? Mure picuninny cats it tho blacker ho gets. Mo hear you vorygood man, Mr. Governor. ' Wotl,1' | said his Excellency ' hero's half asoverclgn for you. You go and got &omo; white sugar and make hbn white again.'— Southern Cross. ? ' Sportsmen and othcre should boar in mind . that tho clnso acason cunmicuced on Sunday, 1st Sep tember. The birds to which the Act applies arc :— Pheasant,, partrideo, firouso, California ouoil. i Chinese quail, black, wild duck (of any species), teal, emu, native companion, wild turkoy or bustard, wijd geeso, uiallco hen, lyre bird, lund rail, tillegulla or brush turkoy, plover, bronzewing and otlior pigeons, robin, nightingale, skylark, linnet, thrush, starling, blackbird, goldfinch, chaffinch, bluo wren/ wagtail, boneyeucker, swift, diamond sparrow, flycatcher, laughing jackass, peewit, reed sparrouv«coli!iiiat lark, Indian inlnah, American mocking bird, magpies of all descriptions, -endow regent and' rlflo, bird. ?. Tlio penalties .are :— For kUlingjimportcd song birds, £4, and tho samo^for any.othor blhla. , AsltniUiir penalty is incurred for having any', of the dead birds'. :in -'ppsaeaaidnf dttttng tlio closo.scasun; and tboro is a further penalty of 10/- per egg. for destroying sucbj:duriug^tho*.tolra^ The following parish roails have rbeen confirmed,': | — Tnmut Diatriot :' -Dovlatlon of part of road from Tum'ut to Kiandru and .Lacmalac, .viz. : — ^From a ; point on the road within Timothy Mara's (now Jehu Jenkins') 1090 acres, to the east boundary of Timothy Mara's (how John Jenkins') 380 acres', ' parish of Mnuddngo, county of Bucclouchi-r^iii'Uou , of part of road connrmod in Government Gazette tit | 18th July, 1870, folio 2764, and in lieu of part of ! reserved road shown in bluo on- plan. — Adelong; District. — 'Deviation in road from Tumbarumba to Adelong aud Tumut, viz. -.—From tho eastern bouii- ! daryof H. Uvons'4i;acres, C.P. portion No. 83, parish of Hindmarab, to tho boundary of C. Dowset't's 100 J acres, C.P. portion No.. 187, pariah of Wondalga, couutyof Wynyard.—Guudagal District: — *Part of road from Tarrabandra to Tumut, via. :— From tho northern boundary; of- J. Brock's 40' acres C.P. portion No. 80, to tho north-weste'ru- boundary of. P. Harlow's 40 acroa, C.P. portion No. 42, parish of Tarc'utta, county of Wynyard. 'Parfof road from Conlaa to Gobarrdlong Ford, viz. : — From ro surved road .within P. J. O'Donnoll's 200 .acres, G.P. portion No. 281,fparjsh of Cookie, to tho Hue rainbidgeo rivor, at tho eastern boundary of James Crowo and Nicholas Carborry's 000 acres, parish of Gobnrrolong, county of Harden,— in lieu of reserved roads. 'Through . ulloiiatod land only. Persons wishing to claim compensation must servo notico on tho Secretary for Lands within forty days from 30th August. -??-??. ^ i-& ? ? ? ? h 'i UNAKlMlTl-wasllioinarltoilfoatliroof tlio 201h annual iniotiiig of the membcra bjlougiurj to tho 'Mutual Lite Association of Australia, which took place at tho office Gcorgo-strcot, on Friday. Ilio annual report, which was adopted without question, bIiows tbat most satiifactory progroas has been mado during tho past 12 mouths. Tho rato of ospenscs is being reduced, although tbe directors admit that; tho cxtrcmo competition oXHtiug makes this difficult to comblno with tho acquisition of busiuoss. A'l.'lay.by' of £82,700 la tho result of tho year's work, tho gross assots havo boon ovor £700,000, and tho not funds woro £001,554. Mr. W. J. Trickctt, M.L.C. and Mr. Russoll Barton woro ro clcctcil us directors, and Mr. A. E. Harper, tho retiring auditor, was ro-appointcd. Mr. Arthur Elwprthy, of tho Times office, is tho Gundagai agent for tho company. ' On Tuesday niqht a youth who redo to his homo at JJondongo late was surprised 'to aoo, near tho slip-fails of the piuldock, a whitoshootod figuro, of ghostly nppearanco, movo stoalthily towards him, whorouppu lie seized a rail and aimod a blow at tho object, which brought it to the ground. To his dismav he found it was ouo of his brothers playing him a trick, and ho at first feared tho practical jokor had indeed givon up tho ghost, for tho young man remained a long timo insonstblo, and one' of his oars was badly wounded. Wo hope this accidont may prove a caution to all who in duigo in such a dangerous poatimo. — Tumttl 7*tme9. It is no wonder (says a Melbourne paper) that tho fashionable world of Mclboitrno is mainly recruited ooscb .havo sworn that tho profits on tho salo of spirits average 170 per cent of profits, wlutst beer that costs £2 per barrel would, when sold by tho glass at tho bar, bring in a profit of from £0 to £13 per barrel. There is something in this that excites tho imagination oven moro than tho stories of- tho fabulous finds on tho early diggings, and that justi fied the piido of dcacondunta as the original bcor and brandy sellers of tho colony. From 300 to 600 per cent per week on a briak aulo of bcor is so many thousand por cent per annum that tho mind can hardly grasp tho figures. Is it any wonder that tho ' trado' fights hard for its existence, or that the wculthy corporations — tho browurice — that arc proparod to laviah money liko water iu sup port of their vested iutcrcats ? On Monday night last at the Oddfellows' Hall, a largo aS3emblago of respectable pcoplo wore shame fully annoyed by tbe disgusting conduct of some brainless blaguarda who gained access to tbe build ing. ^..Tho triangles and tho lash nro in rcadincaaat tho polico barrusks,-uud wo have magistrates who will ordor' these instruments to bo used when ouo or tw6'.of_thcBO '.'hoodluma' of bestial typo are captured. A Vlgilanco comimtteo could - cosily effect tho business ? Tiw.nt 'fima. ' mako, aKle and price, go to J. M. Dodra.^GJfr. The following liew roads uro to Iw^ponod, and -notice is giveii of tho intended resumption of lund for tho purpose :— Part of road from Coolao to Gobarralong Ford, viz., from reserved road within P. J. O'Donnell's 200 ucrcs, c.p. portion No. 2S1, parish of Coolac, to tho Murruuibidgco river, ut tho eastern boundary ui Jttinos C'mtvo and Nicholas Carbe'rry's CGO acres, parish of Gobarmlong, county of Harden. Part of- road from Turmbandt-a to. Tuinut, viz., from the northern boundary of J. Brooke's. 40£ acres, e.p. portion No. 80, to tho north-western boundary of P. Harlow's 40 acres, O-P-, ... .$ . ?_. ... ^ : 'zlt___ , .'.' ? sosaionTlo wilFtost the feoiini- of thulSuso oirtho question of obtaining a knowlcilgo of the religion of all l'uulio scnool tcacners. Mo also ilcclarcil tliat his ** Moro Popery than fiscal lottur ' was a forgery All tlxo Estimates, havo been passed. ' Those post ponod'KstimatcB, together with tho Supplomautary Estimates will bo taken next weok. From the Millcm Express we clip the following regarding tho now Clerk of Potty Sessions at Tumut :— ' Wo understand thnt o'er long our C.P.S., Land Agout, 4oM Mr. L. W. A. M'Arthur is to bo removed.' As nit ofiuual iu bis 'department ho has been very uttcutivo and obliging aud con ductod tho affairs entrim'tod to him in tho interests of his district anil to his own credit. So far we learn that his removal will bo promotion for him. .Wo wish him every Buccess when ho reaches his j new scono of labour, and can congratulate- tho in- I habitants of Ttimut in having him appointed as au officer amougnt thorn.'- ? ? The Chief Secretary of Victoria has informed i tho intending publishers of tho now Sunday pap,jr ! that if thoy persist in their intention tho Govern- I ment will institute a prosecution cither for tho | publication or tho salo of tlio paper. We under. | stand the only Bailoy is associated with others in the paper. | | Throat Aflcotiona and Hoarsonoss,— All suffering ! from irritation of tho throat and hoarseness will bo I agrocably surprised at tho almost immediate roliof ? afforded by tho ubo of 'Brown's' Bronchial! TrochoB. Shoso famous 'lozongos' are nqi^ sold ' by most n^fpccaiblo chemists in this c/intsy at 1/ti tic affections. Seo that the words f Brown's Bron- I ohial Troches ' are on tho Govornnical Stamp aroiuid^aoh liox; Prepared by John I. Brown and . Sons, Barton,- U.S. European depot, 33 Farringdon- ? road, London^ngland.^Adv^^ ._.,. .^ ? .. . The engineer of tho \Vuter Supply Department has boon estimating wha£ tho population of Sydnoy . ?will be, 12 years hence. In 1870 it was 203,008 ' and in 1882, 374,056. That ratio ri- presonts 0J per cont. per annum. The population should '.thus * double its present number in 12 yeara, anil amount to 749,610. ...... : . - : ?;?' ;.' t. J ' The Sydneyxxpross' to: Melbourne1 on Tuesday.: night was seriously delayed by a washaway . near BonalU. Lord Carriugton,' who was proceeding to : Melbourne, decided to return to Sydney, as lie had ? important engagements on Monday. I A coNTltrBOTOB to tho Border Post writes to that jounul as follows -.-Seeing au account of an out break of diphtheria In tms nlgnt's aeraia, will you allow mo to mako public for tho benefit of the afflicted tho following rcinody, viz. : Glycerine 3oz., Bulphur loz.,-mix, and tako-ono toaspoonful four times a day; ulso, inbalo the smoko from, say, ' three tahlesponnfuls of tar aud tho Bttino quuutity of turpentine mixed. This must be placed in a tin or iron vessel, which must ho put in a larger ouo to provent a conflagration, sot firo to it, and .a denao smoke will arise Do this twico a day. Camels aro boing ntiliscd to convoy material for rabbit-proof fencing from Silvbrtnn to the ojttren o northorn portiona nf tho South Australian boundaiy luic. Tlio animals cany about 5 cwt. of wiro each. \; i At tho last Dutiiltijiilii District Court which was hold on tho 15th instant before Judge Forbes, Thomas McMillan sued the Trustees of tho Dcnill quin Commons for £XQ rtnrnngcs dono to u ccrtnin number of his cuttle, ami for placing damages on them when impounding them off the Deuiliquin Common. It appeared that certain portions of tho Commons woro open, and thoro wus nothing to pro- i vent stock going on to them. Somo of tho cattlo it was alleged were injured in being taken to tho pound, but the real point at issuo was, if tho defen dants wcro justified in . putting damages on tho 'oattlo as woll as driving, fees', when impounding them. After hearing the evidence which ia fully roportod in the Daultqiiin Chronicle :— Hia Honour said thero was no ilonbt about the cose. The plaintiff had lib cattle impounded anil he objected to tho chnrgo of 5s for damage, and 2s 3d for driv- , ing fcea. Iu the first place it is admitted tliat tho I cattlo wcro on tho Common, tuul tlio Common wns In chnrgo of ttio trustees, who had properly pro parod und gazotteil rogiilatioua for tho working of the Commons. Tltero wfis no doubt thnt tho cuttlo wcro trespiisaiiig on tho Uointnon uocordiug to tho regulations, as thoy woro neither registered nor paid for. It was necessary that all stock should bo paid for aud rogistorcd twico in the yoar. In this case thnt' had not hcou doiio, mid tho' cattlo woro there fore trespassing. It wna all very w.oll ta say that tho muster of tho stock hud been maiTc, and thesa sattlo had nut boon brought in, and on that account tho Btouk had u uwing cominisaion over tho Com iiothing ; it ia dono moro perhaps as a convenience IftiJteWHI^flBB^rnoify'lia^ft'li^^^p^S for, and if thoy were not thoy woro trespassing^ It was quite clour that the regulations hud not been complied with by McMillan and it was ulso clear that the hordsinan bad a perfect right to impound tho cattle Tho only point now to decide was whether this 1/- por head ilamugo should have been charged. According to tho Impounding Act that fco could not ho charged, and on that point alono tho plaintiff must havo a verdict, aa the Commons were not onclosod land. The proper courrc for tho trustees to havo taken was to have proceeded against McMillan for £10 damages for bavins stock on the Common without being paid fur, und should havo left the impounding huBinoas alone. Tho trusteoa had, howovcr, a porfoot right to impound stock, and ulso to charge driving fees, hut nothing else. Ko gave a verdict for plaintiff for 5s the amount of tho ilatnago foe cimrged, and directed Iwth parties to pay their own costs. ' The following npponra in tho last Police Gazelle respecting a person who- recently created some sen sation in the Albury, Wungarattu and liumilla dis tricts by riding wilil bullocks :— '? Tho present ad dress of D'Arcy Hybml, known ns Professor Hylaud, horsotamor, is sousht for, that it may bo ascertained if he i« Monticit with Laurence Henry Hylanil, a native of Prospect, near I'urmmalta, Now Smith Wales. .The person last namod has bcon loft considerable property by bis mother, who died nt VarraniaUK in March la»t,' A Wanga rattn correspondent writes to the /lonlr.r 7'oi(— I learn, on the host authority, that Professor D'Arcy Ilylaml, the well-known horse-tamer and wild bill lock-ridor, ha.-, liec-n left a fortune nf £-28,000 by an aunt in Maitland, New Smith Wales. Tlie pro. fessor ii uoM- in this dijtrict, and his good foltuno is not bogrildjjud tiAn, iis he is a 'uiaiily, liunest follow. - Keating's Cough Lozenges cure Coughs, Asthma, lironchitis^ Medical tosthnnny states tlnrf utf other at..A)^Vjn-f Uoi]luun.^iusurns.. crat .~I?nr.3xBHiixiay contain no'opiunvnor any violent drug. Sjlfdbyall Chenusts, in Tins, 1/1J and 2/9 each.— Adv. We (Cootamundra Herald) are surprised to find the extent of the losses in this district, during the winter in cattle, through eating the rank growth of of the trefoil or natural clover. The Messrs Hobbs, we are informed, lost about 20 head of cattle ; Mr. Gibbs of Borthong, lost about 15 head ; Mr. Jno. Hurley, 6 or 7 head (the latter burst themselves, we believe, through getting at a plot of the fatal stuff about the mill) ; and Mr. Boxwell, of Cullinga, lost two or three cows. It appears they simply ex- plode with wind, and if a skilful thrust with a knife is made near the hip, it sometimes saves them. In the District Court on Wednesday during tho ! hearing of a caso tvgiiitiRt tho RquiUthlo Life Assur ance Co. of 'tho United States, u f.ujt transpired which will be tin* runireo of cm»f-ir;f;ig to thoaa \vlioliavol)nsinc^ ruiatiitnn n'tth- Hi it uitahliahim nt. Tho compnny wuru «ucd by alata-'i-i;.Ioyoe on au nllcged claim of £200 for salary aud damage result ing from, wrongful dismissal, when thoy succoodod in putting tho phnntifT oat of court hy pleading that they wora not registered in this colony, und consequently the company, as far au Now South Wales was concerned, had uo legal existence. Under thcao circumstances, apart from the. merits of tho caso altogether, the judgo w.ia obliged to non-suit tho plaintiff. Under this decision, there fore, it is quite optional with tho company whether they pay tiny, debts clue by them iu tftia colony or not. Policy holders, as well as others, aro com* plotoly at their mercy, und they may honor or dis this colony has no power to enforce thorn justice as butwocn theEquitablo Life Assurance Cot-and any one doing business with it. Thin is certainly not a desirable stato of affairs to havo prevailing, and it becomes a question as to whether or not tho law should not immediately step in and alter It. In our opinion it! decidedly should. There is no doubt about it that ia doing.1 business with the EquitaUoXIl^^ABaumnofrCO^ntOBt po^I6'in-tliIi' colony havo been under tho impression that they wore dealing with an institution, against which they, could legally enforce thoir contracts in our courts. Tho presumption was that the. company had put it* Bel£ on this footing, and consequently peopla who havo mado contracts in good faith and now Iind that registration boa. not only been evaded, but that the company' aro taking, advantage- nf this .evasion against claimants upon them, liavo certainly cause to coinpluin. If this la not actually obtaining monoy under fatso protencce it is certainly obtaining U upon a wrong understanding. Tho law should bo at once altered so as tomakothisapuuishabloolTcnco. As the law at present stands iu relation to those, foreign companies catering for business in our midst Is that it has not been availed of on a largo scale before now.— Australian Star. Valuable Discovory for tho Hah-.— If your hair la turning groy or white, or falling off, use tlio MoxicanJJair Itonewer, for It will positivobfjro storo InAiroVy caso groy or white hair t|lKt3£mgU[al colour^witlwut leaving tho disagreeafclo toincjjf of boaut3ul?%3 woll us promoting tli/growth#f tho \ hair on badspots, whero tho glands are Jot de- j cayod. Ask your chemist for ' Tho Uoxi£n Hair ( Ronowcr,'*.BOld by chomlBts and perfumers ovory whero at 3/0 per bottlo. Wholea.ilo depot 33 Tar- | riiiiidon road, Englimd, London. — Adv. 1 Mik QEOuncUANKUN haa written to th'o Herald ?;:v''.i'.':,-' claiming that tho amount of land tho Government '.'?? Statistician sots down aa available for soloction, . ? 185,882,150 acres, equals tho whole area. , of tho. . ??? colony. Ha liimaclf gives the urea after deducting tho land already occupied as woll as scrub and other laudB at 20,000,000 acres. Hollowuy'H Ointment and Pills.— Health's Do fences.* None save thestrongest can with Impunity pass through tho sudden transitions from woL- 1:- will nltact tluiMv'inost watchful of tuirhclkff; but nibbing Holloway's Ointment twice a day ffpon tha -?' shin ovor tho aOcutcd parts, and by ossiating its ^ ~ corrcc.tivo action with approprluto doses of his Pills. This well-known, safo, and eusy modo of treatment elHctontly protects tho invalid both from present und future danger without weakening or even dis turbing tlio system in tho slightest ilcgroc— Adv.' ' 