STORY TELLER. Ncxl of Kin. (Continued fkom Odb Last.) This being his state of mind, he was not in the choicest mood to receive a confidence ; but that evening Peter, feel ing his faculties to bo unusually bright and clear— brighter, clearer than they had — ''Been' for weeks— resolved to broach the momentous subject. | Doctor,' he began, leaning forward and keenly scanning the' honest face beside him, ' I'm a very , old man, and I'm not long for this world. That's quite ' true, ain't it ?' John 'Hedley, from mere habit, tried to give a comfortable rejoinder. 'You're old, certainly,' he said, ' tliereV no denying that ; but—' .? '.'Oh; it ain't no use to say /but,'' in terrupted Peter, brusquely. ,'I can feel inardly what's comin' on me. I don't want any man's buts and raaybes. I haven't much time before me, and I've got a lot to settle bofore I go, which, if it ain't thought about and settled soon, : it won't . be in my power to have it as I wish 'j and the old man shook his head quits vindictively at John Hedley as he spoke. , . , '? Very true,' replied John, thus re prinianded, 'only I should not have put it so harshly myself.' ' And now,' coiUinued Peter, his manner becoming a siiade more concilia tory, 'I've found you a very obligiq' young mar., and pretty well for straight forwardness.' - : ' Thank you,'' said the other gravely. ' And so I'm going to ask you do a bit of very ^private writin' for me, for I'm that ahaky l can't hold my pen no how, though I've tried several times to, so as to be independent.' ' I'll write for you with pleasure,' said John cordially, 'Is it to ask some of your relatives to come and look after you now you are ill?' ' No,' replied Peter shortly, not wish ing to revert to the subject of relatives. ' I've got no one belongin' to me in the world; I want a letter written to my lawyer about my will.' , . John ; Hedley was rather astonished a this high-sounding announcement from an old man. whom he had looked on as very nearly a pauper ; but he repressed his surprise; and merely asked where h« should find a pen. His quiet acceptance of the object of the letter waz rather mortifying to Peter, who had intended to produce quite and effect on tlie young man whom he had chosen for bin con fidant. He had many times rehearsed the scene, and the doctor's amazement had always been a very important feature in it It was rather a blow to his selfimport nnce-ihat John Hedley merely asked for pen ana ins, ' You knew I had a bit of property to will and devise at my decease, eh 1' he said, sharply eying his companion, ' No,' replied John innocently. 'If I fancied anything, it was that you were almost destitute,' ' Umph,' said the old man with a , knowing; nod, 'perhaps I'm better off thaU some .folks as make a deal of show with their carriages and servants.' 'Very likely,' said John, who was due at ithe little house in Bristol terrace when fie left the sick verger ; ' and now what shall I say in the letter ? ' ' Stop a bit,' replied Peter, who, hav ing opened his lips, did not mean to close thorn on half-confidences. 'I want to say a mort b' things before we come to the letter, that is, if you have the time to listen.'1 ' I can spare half an hour,' said John, generously. This was magnanimous, if you reckon the self- denial implied. Peter looked round cautiously before he began his 'confidences, as if he were afraid of chance listeners ; and when he apoke, itwaa in so low a tone that John was obliged^) draw up closer in order to catch all he; Said. ' I've beeti a savin' man all. my life,' began the verger, 'and a careful man as my father was; before me. He left me a few hundreds and I've gone on adding to it ever since.- I'm worth a good bit now. How mucli should you think ? ' ' I haven't a notion,' replied the, other, whose particular aversion was avarice in any form. 'Giro agues8,' said Peter with his scrutinising eyes fixed on John Hedley's. ' I really couldn't,' was the reply. The old man saw that there was no curiosity in the face he was scanning. He was determined to bring surprise into it, Q A ' What should you say to £9,600 odd well invested, and £70 a year in house tents 1 ' he asked triumphantly. 'It's a good sum,' answered John Hedley. But hi8 face looked colder still. At the moment he felt nothing but re pulsion at this revelation of miserliness, and the grim contrast it offered to his own needs; 'Yea, it is a tidy sum,' said Peter, not a little disappointed by this reception of his confidence, ' a very tidy sum, and I'm going to settle what shall become of it \tdhen I'm dea'd and gone. I'm a lone old man, doctor, you see. -My children died long ago, and my old wife followed them, and I've no one I caro for of my own blood. I used to think that my children and grandchildren should benefit by my careful ways ; but dear heart, dear heart, who can tell liow we shall be taken and how we shall be left 7 ' John Hedley's face was softening. ' I had a brother once,' pursued the old; mjA, when he had paused to take breath ; 'he was a bit older than me, and very rackety, very rackety. At last he ran away to Australia and-sent no word of himself—never a word; at least, we never got a word, so I had all my father's savings. He 6roke my mother's heart ; she was a weakly creature, and she broke t heart after him. £hen he stopped. . He seemed to loose 'Wimsolf fora while, until John Hedley ^.recalled him by »aying ; you have never heard anything ' No,' replied Ijjeter, recollecting him self, ' I've dono wllat I could to trace him. I thought perhaps there might be some one belongin' to'him who might be the better for all I havejsaved, butnothin' came of all the Iookin', and tho lawyers, and the rest ot it.' 'Perhaps,' suggested John, 'your brother died and left no family.' 'I That's what I tliiiSk,' returned Peter. He's must ha' died, and so it's no use to look any longer. I did once think I'd leave the money to the charities, but latelv I've chanced my mind — I've | changed my mind,' ho repeated lowering his voice still , more, 'and I'll tell you what I mean to do, and then you can write to yon fyiwyer and tell him all about it. He must have a now will made, nnd send a clerk down here for me to sign it, and you can witness it.' ''Very well,' said John, hoping that his detention was nearly over, ' I'll do all that,' 'Well, then,' said Peter, trembling with excitement, '? I'm going to leave all as belongs to me— all, to that young lady I have spoken of so often to you ' ; and he added slyly as lie saw John's surpriso, 'perhaps you may be the better for that some day, if my old eye3 don't deceive me.' ' Have you thought the matter well over 7 ' asked Jelin. ' You would not do such a thing without due considera tion.' 'Oh, I've considered and considered till my mind's more than made up. shall be wronging no one. If that ad vertisement was to be answered, I should have had the answer by now. It was worded, veiy plain. Depend upon it, there was no one to answer to it, Nay, I'll show it to you,' he continued, 'and you shall judge for yourself whether it wasn't as plain as a pike-staff.' So saying he drew from the shelf be side him an old copy of the Standard , ' and laid his finger on 'the lines addressed to Josiah Brown or his direct h«irs. John took up she paper absently. He was bewildered by the strangeness of the old meal's confidence. Ijhe notion of Muriel being heiress to #10, 000, sent a convulsion through the order of things which had befoie seemed established around him His point of View had to adjust itself to a new horizon, which con tained a great many hitherto strange and' now unwelcome possibilities. Muriel a rich woman! His- pride bristled with the bare notion that ho might be tempted to be glad for his own sake, and his love sickerfcd with an inconsistent and insane dread 'of a possible gulf wider than poverty that might open between them. ' There it is,' repeated Peter, ' can't you see it 7 ' He read the word? with Peter's sharp eyes upon liini. He read them mechani cally more than once before he under stood their sense, and then more than once again, with a changed and quietened expression that did not escape his com - panion. Finally he laid the paper down, and parsed his hand over his eyes as if to clear his sight. 'Well,'' queried Peter, 'it's plain enough for anything, isn't it 7 ' *' Quite,' replied the doctor laconically. Then lie he dipped his pen in the ink, and looked at Peter for instructions. The old man did not speak. 'I'm waiting to write the letter to your lawyers,' ho said and his voice had a curious, constrained sound, as if he spoke with effort. But ' still tlie other kept silence with his ferret-like eyos fixed on his companion's face. ' Young man,' he said at length sud denly, with solemnity, ' you know some thing of Josiah Brown ; your face looks as if you had seen a ghost.' ' I ! ' exclaimed John, the blood rush ing back to his face ; 'what makes you thinkthat1!' 'Well, do you, or do you not ?' asked Peter, in the tone of a man who means to have an answer. ' I ought to know if there is anything to be.told. It'll make less confusion afterward. You ain't got no right to see me leavin' all I'm worth to that young lady, pretty as she is, and good as she is, if my own flesh and blood stands in need'; ^and all Peter's sense of family ties revived within him. 'It wouldn't be no ways fair,' John paused ; he was weighing Muriel's needs against other needs and desires. 'I don't think,' at last he said, 'you'll have any answer whatever to this adver tisement. ' But how can you tell that 1 ' asked Petor, still more persistently, ' unless you know something about my kin, which you've no right to keep it to yourself.' This ffas quite right. John Hedley felt he was not justified in concealing what his honest face had unwittingly let tho old man suspect ; but all ho answered was ' I assure you, on my word of honor, that you'll wrong no one I know anything of if you leave every penny you have to Miss Lake.' 'Doctor,' said Peter, with great irri tation, ' I thought I was judge enough of faccs to make no mistakes about honest men, but it seems I have not added you up right. I ain't goin' to rest until I know what you're liidin' from me, and you shan't persuade me to leave what /M« r»llf t/V C»A A-teAtl-1tA«n In «nt. H nmn.lt.A.ai. owonuoiw w jruui swcuMieurifr That's plain speakin', and yon can under stand it.' John Hedley's face grew first red and then very pale ; lie was too simple and single-hearted to have seen that reading of his confusion, ' You should be careful, my good . friend, how you insult a man with such words as those,' he said, rising. ' I will wish you good evening. Settle your affairs without my help, since you mis trust me ; but be certain that if honesty had required mo to toll you anything whatever, I should not have concealod it for an instant, least of all that my future wife might benefit by your hoarded money.' Ho spoke angrily,1 with his hand on the latch ; yet, as he glanced back at the infirm figure on tho hearth, ho folt a thrill of pity which is nearest .to love for' the suspicious old miser, whom tho last few minutes had invested with a netv-importahce in his oyes. voice after him, 'aro you going to deny an old man the la3t chance he has of foregath ering with his own flesh and blood 1 Come back here,' he went on imperiously, 'come and look me in the face and make no mysteries ; for, though I don't know your name, nor where you como from, nor any thing elso about you, it is borne in upon me that you are tho one I have been look l ing for and had given up. Tell mo tho plain truth.' 1 Thus adjured John Hedley turned back and onae more sat down beside tho old man's chair. ' There are no means,' he said quietly, ' of proving satisfactorily a relationship, which the last few minxes havo suggested to mo may exist between us, nothing but my . own supposition. Had there been, I should' not have felt justified in trying to keep you in the dark. However, as you insist on knowing why I changed color on reading just now, for the first time, your advertisement, I will tell you the little there is to toll. My mother's father was a native of Carchester ; his name was Josiah Brown. He had liycd a wild, I roving life in Australia in his early mau hood, but married and settled down in later life. Mv mother, his onlv child, be named Patience after his own mother ; she also is dead. Now, . all this may be mero coincidence, or it may be that you are really my grandfather's brother. As I said; it would be out of my power to find proofs. Pray forgive me if my impatience just now pained you, or if I have raised expectations by my unguarded surpriso.' ' Dear heart, dear heart !' gasped Peter, shivering with excitement; ' To think how things come about and how they work out. Why, it's quite clear he was Josiah. Who else could he ha' been 1 Tell me that !' ' It seems a natural conclusion,' an swered John, with forced calmness, ' but that is a long way from being quite clear. I know little of the ways of lawyers, but I hardly think they would give credence to such a story.' Peter did not attempt to answer ; he passed his trembling hands across his swimming eyes', and slowly moved his head from: side to side. ' Dear heart ! dear heart !' was all he could say. ' I'll just get to bed and think it over. Come and tell me about it again to-mosrow. Come, ana we 11 talk it over. Dear heart, dear heart ! to think o' this ! Good night to you. Good night, boy.' After this John Hedley went up to Bristol Terrace with a very strong im pression that lie was asleep and dreaming, and that presently he should wake and find himself by the fire in his easy chair, with his book slipping out of his hands on to the floor. Past midnight, when he was preparing, after a long reverie, to go to bed, he was summoned by the night-bell. 'It's old Master Brown, down by tlie Cathedral, as is took much worse,' said the woman who stood at tlio door. ' It's my uenei ne s goin rasr, ana mac now t can do him any good ; but lie keeps on callin' for the doctor, so I came just not moither the old man in his death- struggie. Otherwise it ain't no good your coming.' John hurried out at once, and, outstrip ping the messenger, stood in a few minutes by the dying bed of the old man. 'Is he cornel' gasped Peter, as he heard tho sound of footsteps. ' Yes, I am here,' answered John, bending over the pallid face and fast-fading eyes, and taking his firm clasp tho hand tlio old' man tried to hold out to him. The woman thought tii3 doctor was feeling his pulse. 'There ain't much life left in liim,' she said in the loud, distinct whisper which women of her class always employ in a sick room. ' Send her away,' murmured the dying man, and when' this was done ho made one last effort to collect his thoughts and to utter them. 'You must have the money, my lad,' he said, drawing John's hand down to his panting bqpom, ' I'm sure you are the right one. Your face has been looking at me all night, and I can see Josiah's face in it. It's- honest money, and you needn't despise it. I wanted to benefit that sweet lassie, bit I can't rob my own kin. Snaggs & Taip has my will. You'll go to them, won't you ?'?' 'Yes, yes,'' returned John, groatly moved. ' Thank you for your gpod- will to me,' ' Come a bit closer,' said Peter more faintly. ' It's a great comfort not to die alone. , I sliall have plenty of company in a few minutes — all I've cared about — but I had no one here. God bless you and her, my boy.' John lifted the dying head, that the few remaining breaths might be less labored, and the old vsger passed to his long rest leaning on the bosom of his long-sought next of kin. John and Muriel were married much sooner than they had dared to hope when, they first pledged their words to one another. Part of Peter's long-lioarded wealth went to buy a country practice on the Devonshire coast, where Mite. Lake has most marvelously recovered her health and strength, and where Dr. and Mrs. Hedley are extremely popular, and as happy as the day is long. The Eni-. 