BROADBRIM'S NEW Y OSK JiETTEB. ar -riTa j°^'e Petit parfumse. Mpn Dieji! JtwP Dieu! c'et possible, c't possible. Touch her npt scornfully, Think of her mournfully, Gently, humanly. Not of the stains on her, All that remains of her Mow is purely womanly. On my way doWn $o Wall street last week tale a lo<?fc at the Bulls and Bears, I strolled into James Silvos* auction room, and ifhere, on long tables, duly catalogued, lay the posthumous remains of pretty little Marie Aimee, the Q.ueen of the Opera Bouffe. Here they yrere, tosBed and tumbled by the curious prowd, many of whom had ne?er seen her name till they had read it in the catalogue j and yet what brilliant visions of past enjoy fneiits and past triumphs these glittering gew gawe call up. Crowded houses filled with youth and beauty, wealth and fashion ; and fiow the mad crowd greet her with cheers and powers as she suddenly sprung upon the stage a vision of wondrous beauty. How sweet she Ipoked ; how archly she acted; bow brli |ianpy she eang-swaying with the magic of J Her ravishing voice the hearts alike of men I #na women, as feir actresses hare done in the i present century. Young men madlv wor- ! rinpped her, and the old felt the current of i * ^eart grotr quicker as they sat beneath the ?wondrous spell that ihi. arch enchantress east Vpon them. Only an actress, that's all 1 only »n actress, and yet arouna her brief life fJluster more bright and sunny memories than any woman I now wot of in this generation. Sunshine was born in her, care and sorrow JJew affrighted from her presence, as the dart ?es5 before the bright ravs of the morn yag sun. * " . But wasn't she very wicked ? Not that I l^owof. B^fc people talked uboi}t her, didn't tnej ? Qh, yes I I believe so. No doubt |hey have talked about you ? Yes, they have. Was it true ? O no, certainiy not. Then, perhaps, it might bare been the same with poor little Marie Aitnee, at least let us hope -^.^d now that she can no longer sav a frord in hpr own defence, but stands in the I presence of the Everlasting Judge, we can ! salely leave that question between her and God. Let us look over this little world of vanities- Here are two looses of exquisite workmanship, filled with all Jhese unnamable little toilet articles so dear to Jhe female heart. Beautiful instilments in ivory and steel, with others in silver and gold. And here in these little drawers are the poma tum potSj colors and brushes with which she added an e^tra touch to those exquisite charms of which nature already had been 60 lavish Ye ®° bpuntifuL As I look along the tables, 1 nnd dresses well remembered, that illustrate the whole range of the Opera Eoufle, «« La Marjalam," "La Petit Due," "La Fille de Madam Angot," «La Brigand," La Grand Puchess". "La Belle Helene," Gerofle ^erofla,' and many ot hers equally famous. Jo. very one was a triumph, and everyone was |be talk of the town for months after its pro duction. The tunes became infectious.' They vera board everywhere. Hand organs ground them out under our windows at night, and refused to move on till they were subsidized ; pld bankers hummed them as they footed up their ledgers j brokers whisiJed them as they i j 'or a ''ise in stocks ; grave pld deacons htard the magic strains, ringing in , i!61*eare *^97 showed country visitors to the free pe we on Sundays; and the fashionable Ohqrch organist followed the pastor's most pnllaint sermon with sweet gems from " The Petit Due," or Gerofle Gerofla," yrhiie the wondering congregation listened in rapture and declared that it beat Coronation all Sankey bette? ^han "Mtl!°dj and It is quite a number of years since this Ryren appeared among us, and froai the first nour she set foot upon our stage, till she left W3 to go home to die, she was followed by a ! ?worshipping multitude. Wealth flowed in «pon her in a golden stream ; but she never *new the value of money, and she scattered it like chaff to the winds, Then for several i years she left us, to reign a popular idol in ber own beloved Paris. When she returned the bloom had laded from li.-r cheek. The neh tones of her voice were gone; her fast lira was rapidly weakening her; her step was VO longer as lightsome and as buoyant as of old ; and at last completely prostrated, she returned to her loved Paris ro die. Strange paradox. Life had been to her like one lon» Bummer dream, yet when brought face to face Tffith death she faltered not; but with a li«ht i 3est upon her lips she yielded up the ghost, j Kor were loving friends wanting i,f her 1 pxtremitv to smooth the perilous pathway through the dark valley. A priest of the Holy Catholic Church knelt at her bedside and ottered its most erring child its most sacred ayd hopeful consolation. A sweet fcister of Charity pressed the crt-ufix in her hand, and the holy priest crossed the sacred Chrism with a benediction on her forehead, ?,«f n"* a iQ°k "°f radiant lifpe, trustful, ynfaltering and fearless, she crossed in an 6 "arro^ b(,uud that divides eternity fr ^ there to rest safe and serene in the peeping of Him who said to the erring woman pf Satnana, Neither do I condemn thee. Go and sm 110 more." It is useless to moralize on these lives I Jcnow men and women by scores who have been th bj the mi51ion' *ho been the pillars of churches, who have hovered about Sunday Schools, Uo were the Boanerges of prayer meetings and who never tasted a mouthful of food withoutgrace before ^neat, and yet in all their lives they never gave as much happiness to any l.unml ItZ «8 this young crcature conferred upon thous" ands ,n a single hour. Frail, if you p]ea^e . ind fW^a8n0tblng °f evil i" Iier licart - and the thousands of pilgrims wlm ' UTiafni*!>?«**a*. -i>urope or America. dollars in a few dar" . J i;? f & of »o« if necessary. T"S illT'*, * ^ S^tatl8e°.rrowf«l ^il, for «« be^tifui'dfy Ot Seattle u wiped from the fun® nf .1 mil,!, of flood and fire. In the midst of this terrihfl calamity ,t is a gratifying thi ^ manner in which all classes have come L lh. fld °\ ^le ^fferers. Little school children have taken their dimes aud their nickels from JhZlSaT88^nhl *"?, capried to S schools to help swell the general fund wTT iTB ?°ne from ho"s* to house and tti Brooklyn, m two days collected tl.irtv thousand aollers by this method alone. Man v n^l Purchased whoJe pieces of cotton find flannel, and silting down to their sewing the £ m e info garments for the little sufferers. All tha cl.urclies are fndVhe% ^,nTa/ra,Jr Ch,ict,'an «P>'nt, Sit I, .1® 3 , Lodee of Ma-0"s which met here this week, expressed its evmpathv in a cheque for- two thousand dollars. If I have not devoted a greater space in these letters to the terrible and overwhelming ca amities of the last two weeks, it h«9 been through no lack of sympathy or interest, but because every local and mriropnlitan news paper in the land has contained little e!S/> for. several days, and the public were fully i"forml ?Q W ?Yery particular with regard to this un paralleled sorrow. The dead are beyond our reach or help, but the living, maimed house less and helpless, still are with 11s; till euch time as they can sustain themselves they are the nation's wards, and I have no fear bu$ the nation -will do its duty by then). Early in the week, Wall street-was in a ftute of paralysis on account of the tickers that gave the stock quotations. There are two companies ; one of whiph, controlled by Jay Gould, was supposed to be in favour of the regular traders, and the other gaTe the I quotations to the Consolidated Exchange and all tho fcerbstone brokers. Mr Gould, with the aid of the Board of Managers, tried to get rid of hie rivals so as to monopolize the business himself, but the Supreme Court decided that they must give the quotations to both or none- The board of Managers got their backs up and bundled both parties into the street, and went back to the system of special messengers in vogue fifteen or twenty years ago. The Stock Exchange stood it bravely for forty-eight hours, and then they showed signs of weakening, and last Friday am id a general roar qfacclammatiou, the tickers were put back, and the kerbstone brokers, who for two daye hadbeeu covered with sackcloth and ashes, held a general jubilee at Stake's Cafe ; one-half patting Juba, and the others dancing up and the street. A strange casp occurred in Brooklyn last week, which resulted in the death of a Mrs. Downie who passed as the wife of Dr. Dowijje, a little wizen-faced Scotbman from Glasgow. It appeirs that this unlucky pair ran away from Glasgow about a year ago, Doctor Downie leaving a beautiful wife and a large fortune, and Mrs. Duff, his paramour, abandoning her husband and children. The miserable pair were confirmed drunkards, and quarrels were frequent between them ; both bad "violent tempers, and there was great physical disparity between them, the odds be ing in favor of the woman. Iiast week the doctor gave her a terrible beating, and as she asserted before she died poisoned her. At any rate, she died at the hospital on Friday, and the doctor is confronted with the charge of murder. It is a sad ending to a gay elopement. At last, it is said that tho Stewart will case is settled, and the report is that it cost Mr. Henry Hilton the neat sum of eight millions of dollars. Things were getting rather warm for the Judge, and the contestants would not be frightened or cujoled. They had reached a point, where it was said, revelations would take place, that would have shocksd the entire community, but now, those revelations will be missing like Stewart's bones. Eight millions is a good round sum ; but after the settlement the Judge will have twenty or thirty millions left. He is a thrifty gentleman, and under stands fully the Question of cent, per cent., so that there is no fear of his going to the poor house- Aside from his other earnings he has the great Hotel at Saratoga, the fee simple of the wholesale store on Broadway and a ninety nine years* lease of the retail storo, so that, with ordinary care, he is sure of food and shelter. 