A Terrible Mystery. PAET YI.— Latjeent Cobnevin. IV.^Continued. .Frightful indecision was apparent in Verdale's face. Then all at once he exclaimed .- ' No, I won't! It vrere better that my son should know the contents of that letter, that he should know if was but the simple admission of one of those reckless escapades which youth is so prone to.' 'One of those reckless escapades has landed poor Philippe de Maillefert in prison.' Verdale tried to resist. ' I no not admit the comparison,' he said. * And you are right/ answered the lawyer, in a tone of ironical politeness. ? I can recall the very words of your letter. I will repeat them and see if our friends will believe that you looked on. the affair at that time as lightly as 'you do to day : ' Friend Boberjot,' you wrote, ' if on the receipt of this letter jou should show it to the public prosecutor, he would at once issue a war S&nt; for my arrest. I should be judged and con demned. For I have appropriated, 'through a forgery, the title deed you intrusted to me.' And it was signed with tout name, in. full — Terdale/ Crashed by this terrible revelation, poor Lucien Staggered to a chair. But Terdale was above all this weakness. 'It is true/ he said, in a hoarse voice,* that, to my great misfortune, I borrowed 160,000 francs from you, for eight days. But you were my friend. Did I not repay you on the 'appointed day ?' ?Yes.' ' Did I not, moreover, offer you half of the im mense amount which, thanks to Coutanceau, I had just realised ?* ' Yes/ 'Yery well, then — what more do you want? And why do you come here and insult me ?' Yerdale, who had been so white, had recovered his habitual audacity with such suddenness that Eaymond and Dr. Legris were petrified. The reason of this change, however, was a most simple one. The architect had always dreaded that his son should learn the ignominious source of his fortune. But Lucien knew it now — the apprehen sion was .removed from his father's mind, and fate had done its worst — he had nothing more to dread. * To any one but yourself, Eoberjot,' he con tinued : * I should say : We are quits ; go your way, and I will go mine. But we — my old friend —we have an account to settle, an account that has . been running eighteen years.' As he spoke the color had returned to his cheeks, and his voice grew fuller and more pompous. ' Having faith in your friendship,' he continued, ? I most foolshly ^0V~ AUJ.5CU. UilM J'VIU IKUlUa, F.MJLLU.U. .UcUlU 1U1U foot by that stupid letter, of which you have re tained so exact a recollection. How did you re ward my confidence? For eighteen years you held this fatal proof suspended over my head. I ceased to belong to myself — I had no 'will of my own. I was afraid to undertake anything^ If an idea came to me, before I could decide on it, I was reduced to saying to myself, ' What will Eober jot think of it?' Were you not my master ? For eighteen years, as I told you, I lived with the atrocious idea that there was a man who was zdy master in this world — a ran.™ who by one single aet of his could overturn the edifice I had raised with such infinite labor — who could leave me without honor or money, and, moreover, rob me of my son's affection.' Lucien Yerdale looked up. ' Father!' he mur mured. But his voice was not heard. The architect 'continued with rapidly increasing excitement : — * And it is of this man — this twiti^ on whom you have inflicted such intolerable suffering and hu miliation — that you, Eoberjot, whom I have heard called clever, have come to ask a service. Have you lost your head ? Don't you undeastand that it is my revenge you have offered me at last ? Ah ! you are interested in Philippe de Maillefert, are you ? In Mademoiselle Simone and M. Eay mond Delorge ? Then that is quite sufficient rea son for me to swear implacable hatred against them and against you. Merely because you exe erate Combelaine, I will remain his faithful and devoted friend.- I- will sustain him with my . money and my credit. Now it is irrevocable. The Duke de Maillefert shall go to a convict's prison, and his sister shall marry the Count de Oombelaine.' His tone indicated such mortal hatred and such firmness that Dr. Ijegria and Eaymond could not help shuddering. But Eoberjot was calm. * Take care, Yerdale/ he said, coldly, 'take care/ The architect was furious. ? Take care ! Why should I take care ?' he exclaimed. * The time is past when your threats could make me tremble. That letter, which, for eighteen years you held like a knife at my throat, is no longer in exist ence. It is burned.' Eoberjot slowly rose from his chair, and lean ing on the back of it, quietly said : * Are you sore that this letter was the only proof against your' ' I am, indeed/ . ' Allow me, then, to inform you that you are very much mistaken/ Verdale started — and his eyes wavered. But, speedily recovering himself : 'Fool that I am!' lie tried, ' not to £ee that you are trying to frighten me. * Eoberjot shook his head. * Yes, you are foolish, he said, * not to understand that I should never have said to you, 'I insist?' and 'you must' un less I had the means of compelling you. Jfo ; I have not lost my head. I knew your feelings to wards me perfectly well.' And without allowing the architect time to speak, he continued : ' The letter in which you admitted your forgery is de stroyed. Very well. But the forgery itself— 'where is that ?' ' The forgery itself/ stammered Verdale. . . ' Yes — listen to me— I will tell you its Btory. When I received that letter from you my first Movement was to hurry to my broker's. How had he ventured to take such a step without consulting toe ? On investigation I learned the -truth. You itad forged an order from me to him, directing him to pay the' whole amount ol the 3ale over to you. When I saw the signature I was confounded, it was so like my own. TLe agent saw by my surprise that something was wrong. He ques tioned me. I might have denounced you, but I did not do so. 1 begged my friend, however, to preserve this forgery with the greatest care, tell iag him I might some dav need it.' .'Well?' * I have just seen my friend. He has the docu ment, and holds it at my disposal.' The architect bore up bravely under this blow, pud drove away the sinister apprehension which assailed him, 'Do you call that a proof?' he finally asked. - ? ' It would not be considered one, possibly, in a Court ; besides you are safe through the statutes of limitation. Bat it will serve zny purposes Very well— — ' . j . The architect listened. He was trying to fully Understand these hew dangers. / 1 shall call . in your old friend, Coutanceau, and if that is not enough, I cstn bring forward another witness- ? * 'And who may that be ?' * Your son..' Yerdale started back as if he had seen a ghost. 'And do yo think,' he cried, * that my son would raise his voice to accuse his father, and dishonor the name, he bears?' * I have his word/ said Eoberjot, coldly. And ^addressing Lucien, he added, * Do you remember car agreement, when I gave you that letter ?' ' Oh V sir/ stammered the young man, * Irexnem berit, but — — * ?Isaidto you then,inalmostthese words, 'Your father hates me. When he knows me to be with out weapons' against Wirij he will seek to be revenged.' Then what did you say ? ' If ever ray father attempts anything against you — you ox your friends — I will stand beside you and against him, I give you my word of honor.' Did you not say this ?* 'Yes; I said it/ ' And if I summoned you to keep your word.' (to be c ntihued.) 