AN AUSTRALIAN NATIVE YEARS AGO. FIFTY [Br THE LATE MB. P. W. TAPLIN. 1 Many of our readers will remember with pleasure the interesting sketch of " The Life of an Australian King," by the late Mr. F. W. Taplin, which was published in the Observer in the latter part of last year. We me pleated to be able to give the last words upon the subject of the South Australian aboriginals which were uttered by Mr. Taplin, who, having been brought tip amongst the natives from his early childhood, and having had special opportunities of studying the habits end customs of the blacks who git her at Point Macleay Mission Station, epoke upon the matter as an authority who had few equals. Subjoined is the lecture which was delivered by Mr. Taplin before the Australian Natives' Association three nights before the author's tragio death in the Coffee Palace fire :— Comparatively few Europeans are much acquainted with the native tribes of Australia as they werec ound fifty years ago, and it is difficult to form a correct idoa oi their natural state from the remnants found on the Mission Stations and in other parts of the colonies. Dread of ridicule makes it almost impossible to obtain correct information from the semi-civilized black as to the manners and customs of his forefathers; or if such statements are obtained it requires some discrimination to separate the genuine legend from the concocted fable of an informant, perhaps indulging in the marvellous. There is some ground for believing that these people are the descendants of two races the peculiar characteristics of more than one being found throughout the greater part of this continent. In one case we find the representative of a light-skinned active race with lank straight hair and slightly angular features, and a sullen, morose disposition. On the other hand a curly wig, black skin, thick- set, hairy frame, with bright eyes twinkling with humour and good nature. Peculiarities of language, tradition, and system of kinship also support this theory, and have led to various suppositions regarding the origin of the Australian aborigines, perhaps the most favoured being the assumption that they are the descendants of certain wanderers fiom Southern India, who in the course of their migration were subject to some admixture with the inhabitants of the Malayan Peninsula, There is much also leading us to suppose that the Australian savage formerly occupied a higher place in the scale of civilization. The present condition of these people is such chat we find them almost devoid of the faculty of invention, and the power to originate a new way of doing anything or to improve, on the method they have been accustomed to seems entirely absent as a rule. And yet we find, them possessing a language remarkable for its complexity and precision, and having nicety of expression unknown in the English tongue; also observing customs and having laws pointing to a higher state of social life, but now observed with mere superstitious ceremonialism. We cannot attempt to condense in a single paper all that might be written concerning these people, but may attempt to depict in a general way their condition and mode of life previous to the advent of Europeans. The country contiguous to the River Murray, below the present site of the Murray Bridge, and occupying the coastline between Kingston and Cape Jervis, was inhabited by a Confederacy of eighteen tribes of aborigines, calling themselves the Nar-. rinjeri, speaking the same language, observing the came customs, and from time to time endearing themselves to each other by civil warfare, although united against a common foe. The Narrinyeri asserted their superiority to the tribes located in the back country and Adelaide Plains, especially expressing their contempt for the cannibal tribes in the South-East—the Merkara or Tatiara blacks in particular, owing to their weakness for appropriating well conditioned Narrinyeri for culinary purposes. A much-married black man assured my late father that his fattest wife required the most watchful care. At the time of which we write these people numbered at least 2,000 souls, and rendered. themselves notorious in the early days of this colony by their massacre of the crew and passengers of the wrecked ship Maria on the Coorong, and the murder of Captain Barker at the mouth of the Murray. Notwithstanding these delinquencies the Narrinyeri were an intelligent, happy people, fond of amusement and novelty, and posses sing entire belief in their superiority to the rest of mankind. The cares and responsibilities surrounding the native householder of 1830 were comparatively few, and were of a nature easily met by the expert use of the club and spear, with an education in the mysteries of witchcraft. Society was entirely controlled by fear of sorcery, law and order being invariably upheld by its use. A chief or "Rupulle" governed each tribe, who chose him as their leader and spokesman, irrespective of any hereditary claim. His authority was supported by a Council of the old men, and his verdict was generally respected in all matters, civil or otherwise. At certain times the whole of the Chiefs would meet with delegates from the different tribes, and would constitute a Grand Council of the Tendi, legislating on all matters of concern to the Confederacy. These tribal gatherings gave opportunity for indulgence in the corroboree with other amusements. Murder was punished with death, manslaughter with banishment from the tribe, crimes against social or domestic peace with the club administered by the injured party. The nearest approach to a Supreme Being found among the myths cf the Narrinyeri was " Ngurundere," a hero god who was supposed to live in the Heavens, or "Wyirrewarre," and to which place he went after performing various feats in connection with the ordering of terrestrial matters.They had no idea of a creation, and the Narrinyeri seemed incapable of conceiving of any other than the material existence of all things. Ngurundere always used material for his purpose. For instance, he made the semiwarra, or bream fish, by throwing flat stones into the water, and at another time made small fish, by dividing a large one. Wild and absurd traditions are recounted by the natives regarding the doings of their gods, demigods, and goddesses. Ngurundere had two wives, who proving unfaithful, he caused a flood of water to deluge the world and drown them. Neppelle, another god, inconvenienced by the waters, transported himself and came to the heavens; and the bottom of his celestial ark may be seen to the present day floating in the Milky Way. Ngurundere, being wifeless, lost two of his children, and in searching for them wished to cross the Coorong, but was intercepted by a black man, who speared the god's thigh. Ngurundere laughed at this infliction, however, and retaliated by killing his enemy. Wyungare, another demigod, also figures largely in their mythology. He is said to have been born without a father, and is described as a red man or Raingani, from his birth, and a great hunter. Kangaroos of those days assumed gigantic proportions and salt lagoons, several acres in extent, are pointed out as the area covered by single skins. Wyungare's handsome form caused Neppelle's two wives to fall in love with him. The infuriated husband directed fire to follow the guilty trio, and Wyungare as a last resource attached a line to his barbed spear, and hurling it at the heavens by this means escaped with the two women. And now the three are to be seen at night in the Southern Cross. When an individual starts in his sleep it is said to be caused by Wyungare dangling his spear over him. Evil spirits are said to frequent the earth and devise mischief. The spirits of the departed also are dreaded, as they are supposed to visit their former surroundings, too often with evil intent. The Narrinyeri with great want of gallantry ascribe the origin of most of the ills of life to the bad conduct of their goddesses, and the old story of Eve's sins is in exact accordance with their ideas There were two systems of witchcraft practiced by the natives. The most practical is that called Miliin, and brought about by an application of the Ploungge, or bewitching club. A stunning blow on the head usually rendered the victim incapable of resistance; each of the leg and arm joiints received the same treatment; the chest was prodded with the point of the weapon;and the ears pulled until they cracked, to prevent the victim remembering the operator. The unfortunate was then considered bewitched, and was called Plouggewaiyeri, and would certainly be led by an evil spirit, "Nalkaru'' into circumstances of a fatal nature. The second means of revenge was the melting or burning of a composition of grease, human hair, and the remains of some food, of which the intended victim had partaken, This was supposed to cause fatal disease, and was much dreaded on account of its insidious nature. The language spoken by the Narrinyeri presents ample scope for the research of the philologist, but time forbids a lengthy dissertation on its peculiarities. One characteristic consists of the elliptical or abbreviated manner in which it is spoken. A word is often expressed by sounding a single letter. For it stance. " Yniti cgucduur atye mitve," or What your is ttmi" (What's ycur AJIUJ), U expieftid '*Yar 'matjo inifije." The language is fu!l and precise eo fir as it fees, tut >3 singularly d.ti.ient 111 eeueril (^•ins er.d abstract nouca F;r inatime, slifcoueh tbiv have names f-^r all kin is uf fruit and birds, they have rot a term to defcO'e tie wboU tpecirs Mit«yhor_anl txpreeoicu are a.aajt ea'.:icly absent. The definition of .kinship. amongBt the Narrainjeri ia far mor«> complete than in our English tongue, many of their terms having no equivalent in our ejatemof kinship. The language of the several tribes differ considerably in dialect, and the languige spoken by Narrainyeri generally ia unintelligible to aborigines north of che Mount Lofty Ranges. The difficulty of acquiring an unwritten language was considerable, and led to many errors. Ia one instance an amusing mistake arose from the substitution of the word thin for sin, and resulted in part of a native congregation waiting on their minister, anxiously enquiring whether all thin people were coc&igned; to the icfernal regions. Different languages arose from the fact that in past ages there lived an old weman in the east much hated by all people for ill-temper. At her death mankind in general signified their joy and satisfaction by devouring her remains, and as the various tribes ate different portions they ever after spoke a different language. The Narrainyeri assert that th9y appropriated the brains. It may interest some to hear tho Lord's Prayer in native :— "Ngaiyeri assaon, leivrii nide evyirrenwarse. N&rumbi; el our onr matye mitye, Uscanive kingdom pesut overitye tyiairovar. Kgruwar ruwuragai am kaug our unginuk inde an taiyiii, loin eliin narar uyurrbungai. Pimp onr ityak nam angh namauive krepawc kikk&i; eunagge. Nginte tempal our singuisuk orn wirraogwarsin, Io«v elbssi arn tunpulion augnneck or kornar, wirrraDgioarrin an&mangk;, Tano inde assrm sraiyon vangi ar brapar rampanllun aseane Muritpoar anam brupenend. Umasive itye kingdom, Ngiratefriltengi, Klaitia Kaldowarnp. Neni our nunkowarrin ityan." The literal translation is a fair illus tration of the idiom. The "Father of us sitting in Heaven. aa?red will be Thy name. Your kingdom coming, may it hasten. Many countries, when they hear yonr commands, may they have like it is .in, Heaven. Given must it DB from you bread this day. You forget OB when we are wicked like havinfe we fcrgoffcen when men wicked to us. "Not Thou us leading when evil persuading us. Free 'us from eviL Yours it che Kingdom. You are_ strong, shining continually. : Leave it makicg.gooa it is," An Australian boy was subjected to considerable discipline, and from the time he could walk was instructed in the mysteries of his folk tore. He was forbidden to eat of the kinds .of food moBt easily- obtained, and reserved for the aged and women. If he ate silver bream be would be weak kneed; if he'partook of Wallaby he would become prematurely-grey> -if he indulged in roast turtle would certainly -cause him to grow ugly. He was not alfowed tohave his hiir combed or cut, and it consequently became a mop- like, filthy mass. On attaining maturity this was combed out by the men with a spear; the whole of his beard waB plucked out, and he received a liberal coat of red paint composed of red ochre and fiBh oil. For several months his diet was restricted to very few kinds of food; he was not allowed to wear anything but a skin around his loins. Ehe society of the gentle sex was forbidden : his only pillow moat be a forked stick, and his thirst was oniy to be assuaged by eucking water through a reed tube. During the whole of this time he was considered sacred or Narumbi. After the beard had grown three times and had been plucked out as often the youth was admitted to the rights of manhood. The application of grease to the body was held to improve the personal appearance and to make a man fat, for a corpulent person was always admired however ugly he might be. The first duty of our young native man was to obtain a wife, and this end was attained without the weak sentiment of a white man's courtship. An aboriginal paid far his wife, bartering a sister or courin fa exchange. We fcave even known a matt to barter' his rey-haired widowed mother for a spouse, ft was considered disgraceful for a min to have a wife for whom an equivalent had not been givep, or for a woman to have it said that her husbind had not paid for her. First cousins dould not marry, aud the marriage of second cousins was considered imprudent. A man could not many a woman of his own tribe. Matches were always arranged by a thiid party, and frequently a suitor would not see his intended until the eve of his marriage, This arrangement, however, did not always prevent love matches; but where tuch transpired tbe piopoaal always came, from the lady, as it was considered bad taste for a man to take EUCh & liberty. Tho marriage ceremony always took - place at night, and was of a simple nature. The most important part of the performance consisting of the bride making a fire on her future husband'a hearth. A corroboree and dance usually took place; but amongst the Narrinyeri there was nothing indecorous in the proceedings. Polygamy was admistable, but a man possessing more than one wife was generally regarded with pity on account of the discord in his domestic affairs. The Narrinyeri aeeerfc that on entering Paradiee after death a man is allotted au equal number of 'wives to those he has obtained oh earth—Ngurundere judging the number by the quantity of tears Issuing from the eyes of the departed. A husband provided all animal food for his family and was expected to keep a good gocd hut or " mia-tnia" to shelter them. A (womao) had to obtain roots and vegetables, carry fiiewood, cook the food, and perform all menial work in connection with her duitts as a wife and mother, if she pleased her lord he signified his approval, by rubbing her with grease; on the contrary, she wonld speedily find that his club constituted a ready means of punishing any delinquencies. In case of cruelty inflicted by her huBband, a woman could take refuge in the hut of her mother; with the certainty of at least temporary safety; as it was considered most improper and' unlucky proceeding for a man to go into the presence of his mother-in- law. Kissing between the sexes is almost unknown amongst the Narrinyeri, A boy would sot kiss his mother or sister ; and a man who kissed bis wife in tbe presence of a third person fell to zero in the scale of Australian society. This form of jsalatation was, however, exchanged between men. We have frequently seen a man on returning from a journey fall on the neck of a male relation or friend and afterwards enter his hut and act with the most stoical indifference to his wife and children, excepting perhaps a smile of recognition to the baby. Infanticide was practised; bnt parental affection for the children permitted to live was very great. A father would generally share the duty of nursing a sick child, and the boys especially received a great deal of attention. A baty was termed kalegabee so soon as it conld crawl; this is a term synonymous with caterpillar. A name was not chosen until the child could walk, and RSaerilly had some meaning identified with the circum- Btaoces of its birth. Many of their na were ephonioua. Maratiuyeri, Turalartumme, Kanigoore, R^melinyeri, NetvaHayeii, Pembinga, Ngarlarni, Lamba lumb K&tyerine;, and Nahramenyeri, may ba taken as specimens of those in general use; and each having a distinct meaning. Theevery-day lifeof the aboriginal consisted in making weapons with stone axes and ahell or flint scrapers,- a slow and tedious process. Many of their spears were twelve feet ia length, of a •ingle stick, and having numerous bjrba; making such a weapon would occupy a man's spare time for several weeks. Nets were made of twine manufactured from several kinds of flax and rashes. There were eteamad by hanging them over hot stones covered with wet earth. The fibre was then separated by mastication, and spun by rubbing on the knee of the operator. It was no uncommon thing to see a number of men and women chewing rushes, and a couple of old men making long lengths of twine- from the chewed fibre. We have fieeu nets 103 feet long by about six feet deep ma cord. . The old natives even now asset t the superiority of their twine of former days to the European mateml now in use. Fish were netted and also speared. Dacks were often caught in nets, and feathered game generally obtained by means of the spear and boomerang. Kangaroo and wallaby were clubbed or speared. Skins of wallaby and opossum were sewn together with sine* and constituted the household wardrobe. Large kangaroo skins and rush mats were spread cn the ground, and lined the Wills of the hut. Previous to a general hunt a wallaby was procured and burnt, the hunters ch luting a song and dancicg as the smoke ascended. This custom seems to be the only relic found amongst the Narrinyeri of a sacrifice or worship. All game obtained in a hunt was distributed by the chief. It was seldom that fatalities occarred in their fiahting, although the clubs and. spears used inflicted terrible wnunds. The boomerang or, as they termed it, "pankatye" was used in warfare, and it iray ba remarked here that the performances of thiB curious weapon seem to be somewhat overestimated by Europeans. A boomerang only returns to tha perstn throwing it in case of m sjin^ its mark ; if it strikes the object it cinaot continue its course. If the thrower mlsci'.cjlitea the elevation and the weapon strikes the ground before the mark it immediately rises hish in the air and returcs to its owner. And supposing, on the other hand, a bo lmarang is projected over and beyond its mirk, it also rises, and returning t> the vi .inity of ita Owner nay be used egain. Orly fair and legitimes weapons were permitted ia warfare or ia auy skirmishing that might take place. Stone was forbidden, neither teas a man permitted to a^nrtgle or bite his fro. Infringement of this rule wis p-inithed by a certiiu number of blo*s on tbe h-ad, inflicted by the culprit's own tribe. Ia one instance a man scereiy bit his enemy's utier lip and was awardei four blo^s. In another-case a domestic fracas resulted in a husband almost severing his wife's ear with his teetb. He consequently, had to suffer three blows from her brother s club. In case of sickness the advice of the chief and old men was sought, and these endeavoured by me«ns of incantation and song to dispel the evil influences at work. All sickness and death were attributed to sorc.-ry, and various men of the Narrinyeri professed to be able to divine the cause and secure healing on payment of a sufficient fee. Kubbing and kneading the body ot the patieat formed a considerable part of the process of these operators. They also claimed ability to squeeze the disease out by means of tight bandages, and to suck pain from the head through a tube made of human bone. Many of the antics and passes made by theso quacks resembled the operations of a mesmerist, and there is reason to believe that these people were formerly acquainted with psychic force. We have known aboriginal men who claimed to be able to induce sleep by making passes. Medicines and poison were alike unknown. Flesh wounds were healed by the application of clcan dry earth. in one case brought under our notice amputation of the leg above the knee was treated satisfactorily in this way. A steam btth was ueed in some cases of fever by placing the patient over hot stones covered with damp earth. Scarifying an inflamed part was also practised. All such remedies, however, were more or leas onder the control and subject to the caprice of the aforesaid medicine men or sorcerers. No poieoned weapons were used'in fair fight, and the wounds made by wooden spears and sworde healed quickly. Secret revenge, however, waB gratified in some cases by the use of a poisoned dagger called " NgelyerrL" This W&B; generally made of bone or hard wood, and was six or eight inches in length with a blade about half an inch wide and sharply pointed. This dagger, after beingburied in the fleshy part of the human corpse for several weeks, was kept wrapt np in a covering of human hair and grease. A prick from this deadly implement was said to cause fatal blood poisoning. The natives were so fearful of this weapon that it waB dangerous to point a ngelyerri towards a black. The eighteen clans or tribes of the Narrinyeri each had a totem or symbol consisting of animal, bird, reptile, insect,, or vegetable. This totem, whatever it may be,-is supposed to contain the tutelary genius of the tribe, and althongh it might be used for food it was the imperative duty of all members of the community to protect it from assault or cruelty. And if this " Ngaitye" or " friend" of the tribe was uBed for food all remains were carefully burnt or destroj ed lest an enemy Uiight make use of them as a charm against the eater. Not only had each tribe a "Ngaitye" or "Totem," but every family would ' possess' such an attachment. All children belonged to the father's totem. Snakes of various kinds were much esteemed in this way, and as eome compensation for the Narrinyeri's fear of eating snake they used to catch a representative of their good genius, ^nd afttr carefully extracting its fangs keep it as a household pet. In another instance an old native in fear leee his innocent Ngaitye might Buffer, ate and Bwallowed a large hairy bouse spider. Persona are often named after their "Ngaitye." AH persons claiming the protection of a tribal totem a?e called " Lakalinyeri" or "brothers in arms." The Australian natives had theirrain-makers, who professed to be able to change the weather by means of their incantation?. They also believed in the po sver of the dead to influence the elements. A curious custom prevailed amongst these people, and which seems to point to a relic of Freemasonry. It waB called "Nglangiampe," and consisted in the father of a child entering into a compact with a parent in a neighbouring tribe that their children ever after were to csll each other " Ngiangiampe,'' or "Friend of my loins." This ceremony was ratified by the exchange of bunches of emu feathers prepared in a peculiar w®y. A man had to always, and under any circumEtauceB, to help hiB ngiangiamps, but as they were not allowed to speak to each other nor enter each other's presence this assistance had to be rendered, through a third party. This fraternity were' also bound to exchange presents every year, and as the Narrinyeri idea of property was communistic this proceeding was of mutual advantage to the tribes having "ngiangiampe." Theso persons were alao much ueed as agents or messengers between the tribes. A man was safe in a hostile tribe so lpng as he had a ngiangiampe. to protect him. One reason for the forcsd estrangement of these parties was to prevent intermarriage of blood relations, if a man obtained a wife from a neighbouring tribe lis onuld prevent the possibility of objectionable alliances by exchanging the " kafduke," or token of "ngiangiampe" with eome of hsr relatives. We have known cases in which by mutual consent the compact was rescinded and the tokens returned. In other cases parties would be only temporarily made ngiingiampc to each other. Our idea of theft was beyond the comprehension of a Narrinyeri, whoEe property belonged to his tribe. On the introduction of civilized habits and tbe consequent acquisition of European goods and chattels, this led to difficulty in the efforts of the missionary to elevate indi vidual blaekp. In one instance a mau earned a pair of trousers, and on being asked a few days after why he did not wear them replied that his friend got up first that morning and appropriated them. In another case a woman was presented with a skirt, and coming to the mtsaionhouse a day or two after clothed only in the orthodox rug complained that her lord and master had signified his approval of the garment by wearing it himself. The injunction of the Old Book to " Give to him that asketh of thee, and from him that would borrow of tbee turn not thou away," was literally obeyed by the Narrinyeri. They were elso very hospitable and kind to strangers, although extremely wary and guarded against treachery. The tracking powers of these people were not equal to the aborigines further inland, bnt were naturally great. If a visitor or stranger arrived it was considered the first duty of the men to note the contour and peculiar features of the soles of his feet, which they jodge rather than his face, a man walks on his feet and not on hia face, The fact ot the firat Europeans having their feet concealed in boots would give rise to suspicion that they wera treacherous, a-ad nbt to be trusted. ,The Narrinyeri believe in a future state, and that after death all must fto to Wyerrewarri, the celestial abode oi their deities, They believe that communication is maintained between Heaven and earth through the spirits of the departed, and ghost stories are told and received with great ciedulity. The genuine Australian ghost usually assumed the orthodox white and raisty form, but occasionally appeared as a black stump or a sheet of flime. At other times an invisible presence was said to be felt entwining cold, naked arms about its victim. One tribe of the Narrinyeri describes a satanic visitant having spears projecting from his head. Consequently when a couple of stray bullocks wandered into their territory previous to the advent of European settlers they were rezarded as ' genuine specimens of the old enemy. Tbe name of tbe dead was tabooed nutil the remains decayed. To mention the name, or any part ot it, indicated a want of sorrow and reBpect for the deceased. This custom ied to frequent changes in the language. Tbe funeral ceremonies of these people are peso liar, and perhaps air. on est the most revolting known. All death is attributed to sorcery, accidental or natural decease being considered impossible, owiag to the traditional statements rfrgarJing the translation of tbeir hero gods Without dissolution. On death taking place the death wail is raised, and far and near would be beard this dismal sound. All were expected to join in the lamentation, neglect of the duty being considered evidence of collusion with the wizird causing the decease. We have seen women out themselves with shell and flint knives and throw dust in the air, uttering vrild crieiof regret. All near relatives, male and female, shaved their hea Is, and, spinning their hair into headbands with that of tbe dead, wore tlism as a sign of grief. The first night after the deith a near male relation slept with his head on the corpse in order that he might be l<:d to dream of the cause cf death. The chief_ often did this in 'important cates, pirt of his duty being to act as Coroner. As -further evidence the corpee was placed on a triangular bier or ngarabbe a day after death and elevated cn the shoulders of three men facing awav from each other and towards the whole of tho tribe standing round. The chief would then ask the spirit of the departed if the dream was a correct clue. Affirmative replies were indicated by the bearers receiving an impulse from the corpse toward? the chief. The names oi any suEpected persons present were then called out, and if guilty resulted in an impulse of the corpse towards them. This planchette-like proceeding nai usually kept up for several honrs, resulting sometimes in a free fight, but seldom in tLore than diversity of opinion as to the proper verdiot. The iuquest done with the next duty was to dry the body. This was accomplished by fixing it in a sitting cross-legged posture on a wooden frame about three feet over a smoky fire. In a day or two tbe blaak outer skiu was removed, leaving it white. It was then called "Gringkari." Hence the reason for tbe natives calling the white people "Oringkari," tbe idea bting that we are their dead Te turned from Hades. Some persona have inferred from this that the aborigines believe in transmigration cf tbe eoul, but we are convinced that there is no ground for this sap- IKjfeitioc. The blackmail's doctrine seams to be merely transmogrification of the body. Soon after the Mission was established amongst the natives at Point Macleay in 1859 an unscrupulous white advanturer endeavoured to take advantage of the people's credulity by telling them that he was a n ember cf their community returnc-d from Paradise. As the individual he represented, however, left enemies as well as friends amongst the N&rrinyeri;, he SGon found it wise to depart once more without any preliminary decease. Advantage was usually _ taken to prepare instruments for bewitching purpcees by placing them intide the drying corpse. So necessary was this that the aboiition of drying the deal his completely frustrated the power of the sorcerers. The drying process usually occupied about eight weeks, and when completed the remains were tightly bound up ia skins and kept in the hut of the relatives for about a year. At the end cf that time the bundle was hid away in the branches of a tree. As a final mark of eBteem the skull of a deceased relative was often uEed as a drinking vessel. The drying of a corpse took place in an inhabited hut. Bed the relatives lived day and night in the immediate vicinity of the reeking maes, In the early days of mission wcrk the custom was a great nuisance, and particularly so when the chief mourners would join a congregation of worshippers on a hot Sabbath morning. Thus far we have endeavoured to present to yon something of the habits of the people once the eole occupiers of this our native land. And, in conclusion, let me ask " Are we not, as usnrpers of their country, bound to do all that is possible to make reparatioa for the loss of a free life and the introduction cf so much detrimental to their physical and moral welfare." The aborigines were diminishing in numbers before the white man oame, for savage life at a certain 'stage ia fatal to the human family. But the sensuality and unhealthy intemperance of this unfortunate race received a fatal stimulus on the introduction of European vice. 