: 'THE 1 PAiSQTJIN PAPERS. \-- — — — , HY Tiikoimirabtus .SKfitmrnrn. [?] : " Eye Naturo'H wjukb, Hlioot folly a« It llioa, | Ami mUoh tho imuinorsliviiiB osthoyrlso."— Pope, ! NO XXI'A HAUNTED'-HOUSE. CONOl.lJDED. Anderson and. Thomson were now thoroughly bewildorcd ovor tlio mystory. How tho figure should appear oil tho Avail whenever tho candlo, was extin guished ; Jio>y., the,.putUnp3'hqfjit,wero so clear yet so intangible, and upon what Vii'mnmln t.lm whole circuinstancon occurred formed a. thorough puzzlo. It jvas -at this stage'; h'bwbvor, that an incident transpired, which oponed their eyes to tlio whole trick of which thoy had boon tho victims." Aftor they had relighted tho candlo and wore standing facing tho wall whore tho spectre had lately appeared,; -they,; .hojird a slight faint noise hohirid them. On turning sharply round thoy could both have sworn, thoy 8iiw the panel in the wall lnovo 'Imck in to 4 its ' plqcbj Agaiii they stored hard at' tliis iiew' mystery, .but nothing came of it, until thoir attonfion was again drawn, awqy to the wall where tlio apparition " Ka'd heori"' seen. Ap parently this was only a ruse to divort rittontion, for Thomson who did not 'allow his - eye to leave tho mysterious panel, saw it swiftly but noiselessly slide back -on .vol vet- padded grooves, and presently '-from .'the -yawning -idarkness within, camo that; ghostly blast of icy jair, which chilled them to the very hone, jand. once more extinguished the light. Then tho panols .would have reclosed, jliad not Thomson suddenly Bprang for- jward, and just ns the slidoB were about ito meet, thrust , Mb . foot into it and 'pressed it hack". At tlio' sairio timo ho 'struck a match, and let its light flash 'into tho darkness. This was followed jby a vision of intensely pallid features, -almost deathlike in their livid colorless- 'noss, bending a look of supreme malig- jnity upon tho; iutr.uder. Thou followed in shot and the sound of a bullet crashing jits way through tho .panel, and immedi- iatoly a voice, not a bit ghostlike in its rancorous, masculino hoarsenoss, broke jiipon tho stillness, " Run lnds, its all 'up; tlicy'vo dropped to tho, lay — " land nrosently from below the floor tlioro !s2riinbd!Io; ho- ' hurrying footsteps, : and' iinuttbrcld curses ivhich"bxplaineil .much iof tlib ' ghostly' 'arid inexplicable - noises hoard" of . 'h/ night1 honeath "the floor. lAndorsoii1 rind' ' Thomson seizing the : light then hold it over ' the open panel, jand thero discovered a, flight of rude j steps loading apparently into tho bowels iof tho earth. Down tlieso the ghostly (visitants had disappeared, ' Ignorant how mauy assailants they i might have to .contend .. yptjh,,. Anderson and Thomson did not attempt any further exploration of tho mysterious passage, until they had been reinforced by a couple of burly constables. When those joined thorn, thoy prepared to doscend tho steps and to uuravol tho mystory of ' tho- " -Haunted Houso." Very soon was it solved. As tho houso was so convoniontly situated near the FitzroyiRiver,- and "had the adrantage of possessing a largo underground vault, communicating with tho hank of tho river by a short subterranean passage, it had been largely used in tho early days hy a determined gang of smugglers and illicit distillers, who found the pro mises' splendidly' adapted- ' for' -their' purposes." In Jo'ydef, however, that" thoy might 'riot..,hojj!intbrrripted by' tonauts taking tho 'housei1" arid Ihiis preventing them carrying on' their nefarious traffic, thoy executed in phosphorescent lines, a carefully drawn figure of a man, which of course in the darkness shone out with a most ghostly brilliancy, and, in those early times, when such tricks were hut little knowniuRockhampton,eff actually acted as a deterrent to any who would have taken tho house. Within the sliding pap el. was placed a strong pair of bellows, which ' created the'' draught al ready referred to as extinguishing the light. For some few years tho gang had been successful in their tactics, and had driven off tenant after, tenant, until tliey became porliaps more careless hy the facility with which they imposed rip'on previbu's inmates, and- took - fewer precautions with Andorson. The scheme' was a clover one, and for a long time realised tho end for which it was in itiated. The vault underground, on being ex plored; was 'found totoohtain'ri " wortri1 " and complete distilling plant, besides, an enormous quantity of spirits, tobacco, and cigars piled up all round the placo. Tho passago leading to the, .banks of the river" was about six feet high, carefully Slabbed so ;as 'to prevent" any falling in of : tho sides, and having its entrance at a. lonely place on the river bank, the ajftrtrire' of' which' was coveried by a htige stdiio and sundry .'shrubS" so 'that it was impossible to detect the presence of' it from without. Thus ended the. mystory of the Haunted House." Suffice it to say i that. Anderson and his family had no . f h'rtller' f lVublb. j' from th'o " ghosts'," jAnjl j . '.thai ..hpforbj lbrig, tlib piblicbjhad iflib'jsatisfactibri ' Jof:' j" arres.tinjg " J.the -galigpf smugglers "'ij'iio had'h'eerijjsp | p.brsistprit.ip their eyasioii of .tlie Goyorri- jnienLduties,.,,. I,.- ; . ; ..-l-:;: (Concluded, 