Karl Von Linden; OB, THESHOnHEHUW. CHAPTER VIII.-(con¿tnued.) I Ordinarily, Karl was a sound sleeper ; but the ' events of the past few days had so burdened his mind that his senses were keenly susceptible to disturbing causes, and but very little was required to arouse him. And then on this night ho -went to sleep with the promise to Harold fixed in his thoughts, resolved that he would not fail to be ready to follow the seneschal to the proposed inter- view. Karl slept, and dt earned of Leonora and of Lucille ; an 1 then he dreamed of the baron-a wild and fearful dream, ending in an incubus that pressed hard upon his bosom, threatening to stop his breath. With a fierce struggle he started up, and a bright light flashed in his face. He was fully awake in an instant ; and he saw bending over him a datk form, with a black mask upon its face, one hand holding a small lantern, while the other .vas upon his bosom, the fingers clutching at the shirt as though they sought to tear it away. Aye,-they had torn it away ! The garment had been unclasped at the throat, and his bosom was bare. With a loud cry he struck at the dark-robed ' figure, and then grasped at his sword that lay by his side. In an instant the light was extinguished, and the chamber was as dark as a covered pit. " Orlando ! " Here, my master." '" You have the flint and steel. Light a tappr at once." The esquire, used to emergencies, sat up in his bed, and, without stopping to ask questions, he took the tinder-box from beneath his pillow, where he always kept it when he slept, and very soon struck a light, and had a taper burning in the candlestick. ''Now, ray master, what is it?" demanded Orlando, seizing his own sword when he saw that the knight stood upon the floor armed. " To the tapestry-quick !" cried Karl. " Some one has been in the .room. He has but this moment disappeared. How is the door ?" A single glance sufficed to reveal that the belts of the door had not been disturbed ; nor was any open way found behind the dark hangings. " It's of no use, Sir Karl. If there is a secret door or panel in this place, be sure it was made so that no stranger could find it. But tell me what you saw." "I awoke, Orlando, and found a bright light shining into my face. A man stood over me, his face concealed by a black mask, and his right hand at work upon my bosom. He had unclasped the collar of my shirt, and thrown it back, as you can see." " Did he speak ?" " Not a word." " And he was peering at your breast ?" " Yes." " In mercy's name, Sir Karl, what can it mean ? By my life, there is mystery in this. Who should come thus to your chamber ? Who, at Edenburg, can have reason for such investigation ?" " I do not know. I cannot think," replied Karl. He reflected a little while, and then added : " I will not bother myself with useless surmises until I have seen the countess. She may be able to throw light upon the strange affair." " It could not have been the ghost of Paladin's Tower," suggested Orlando. " It was a thing of flesh and bleod, I am sure,'» replied the knight; "but how it disappeared so quickly is a marvel. I called to you upon the instant of the going out of the light." ** There is not much marvel in that," responded the esquire. "The builders of these old Rhine castles were wont to expend far more exertion of skill upon the construction of hidden passages than upon the building of those avenues which were open to view." After Eome further consultation Orlando persuaded his master once more to seek his pillow, leaving him to keep watch j but the mysterious visitor did not again make his appearance. The first gray tints of the coming day had no sooner tinged the horizon than our hero was up and ready for moving ; but not until the misty gray had changed to a brighter hue, casting the beams of morning light through the deep embrasures, did Harold give his signal upon the door. "The way is clear," he Baid, as he entered. "Julian and Leolin were on the watch during the night, and the baron did not seek his pillow unlil very late." l "How late ?" asked Karl. " It must have been past midnight. So we may be sure he will not be early astir; and as for his spies, they will not think of looking for yon until after breakfast. If no accident happens, I think you may count upon at least two hours as your own. The countess is waiting." Orlando was left in the chamber, with directions to keep the door bolted upon the inside, while our hero followed the seneschal. Their way was by a narrow corridor leading to the private apartments of the countess, and two doors, when they had passed them, Harold carefully secured. At length they stopped before a door which was shaded by an arras at the arched entrance, where the guide rapped with the hilt of his dagger, and presently the Lady Leonora made her appearance. "You have not been observed?" she said anxiously. "No," replied Harold. "I think, mydearmis tiess, you need have no fear; but I would advise you not to prolong the interview unnecessarily. Go in, Sir Karl, and I will remain near at hand to watch." The youthful knight entered the tastefully fur- nished apartment with a strangely beating heart, feeling that the occasion was to be one of moment to him. He was surrounded by an atmosphere of mysteiy which had become oppressive-a mystery which, in some form, had been with him from earliest childhood. Until the coming of the masked figure to his bedside, and the presence of that dis- robing hand upon his bosom, he had n*t connected the mystery of the other years with this mystery of Edenburg ; but now the two were blended to- gether in his imagination, and he prayed that a solution might be given him. The door was closed, and the countess took Karl by the hand and led him to a seat. She was deeply moved, ever and anon carrying her hand to her bosom, as though to still the throboings of her heart ; and her face was paler than the knight had ever before seen it, though the light of the clear blue eyes was warm and radiant. As he gazed into those liquid depths, and marked the sweet, ethereal tone of the clear-cut features, he felt his heart swell with a strange fervour, and, almost uncon- sciously, he raised her hand to his lips. " Dear Lady," he said; when she had taken a seat before him, " I pray that you will be frank and ex- plicit. Whatever may be the communication you have to make, you may trust me as you would trust your own 6elf. If your heart warms in my presence as my heart feels new warmth and life in yours, you will not fear." " Karl ! Karl !" murmured the lady, " I trust you may know the secret of my heart «re long. But let me think." She rested her head upon her hand, and after a time looked up and continued : " Sir Karl, I am about to make a request of you which may appear strange ; but, O ! I have a reason for doing it. And yet I almost dread to know the result." " Speak, lady. You can ask me nothing that 1 will not freely and frankly answer." A moment of inward struggle, and then, with quivering touch, the countess laid het hand upon the young man's arm, and tremblingly asked : " Is there, to you, a secret connected with your birth-with your parentage ?" Karl's heart gave a quick bound as he replied : *' Yes, lady. Of my parentage I have been per- mitted to know nothing." "Have you received any intimation of how you might find them ?" ? " I have been led to hope that at some day the mystery might be cleared up." " How ? By what meanB ? Karl trembled, and was silent ; and there were signs of trouble upon his handsome face. " Do you bear upon your person any mark that might guide a friend of your infancy to recognize you ?" The countess asked the question in a whisper, her whole frame agitated. " I have such mark, lady." " And did that mark give origin to the device upon your shield ?" " It did," replied Karl, speaking like one in a dream. The woman raised her hand to her throat, and pulled at the collar of her rolte as if to loosen it that she might breathe more freely. " That mark is upon your bosom ?" " It is." Leonora struggled with herself, and clasped her hands firmly upon her lap. " Karl, will you tell me what you know of your early life? I think the-light is breaking. 0! God grant that I be not deceived ! Will you tell me?" It was some little time before the youth could col lecthis startled thoughts and take them back to that early time; but he at length composed himself sufficiently for plain speech, and then replied : " Dear lady, I will tell you the story. My earli- est recollection goes back to a time when I lived in a small hamlet, upon the verge of this very forest -and, I think, not many leagues from here called Lindenwald. I lived with a woman named Rachel, who I thought was my mother. There I remained until my twelfth year. I remember then of hearing that the good baron, Lord Ulric, of Edenburg, had been killed by the robbers. There was great consternation among the poor peasants and coal-burners of the hamlet, and from that time Rachel became uneasy and fearful. She took me from the cot where she had lived with old Adorf, and led me to a coal-pit far away in the wood. I think I remained there about a month, Rachel bringing me food. I asked her why she kept me there, and she told me she was afraid the robbers would steal me. One day a woman named Margy -an old woman, who had been very kind to me-came and told me I was to go with her; and she put girl's clothes upon me, and took me to a distant town, where I found Rachel waiting for me. Margy went back to Lin- denwald, while Racheland I went far away into the mountain country of Switzerland, and finally stopped at Hapsburg, and through the influence of a kind bishop, whom she had known in Offenburg, she obtained for me the position of page to Count Rudolf. " Three years after I had entered the service of the count Rachel died ; and upon her death-bed she told me that she was no1 my mother. She said I was of gentle birth, but a dark cloud had rested upon my infancy, and I must look to the future for the light. She would not tell me of my parents, but she had confided the secret to the noble count. I asked Rudolph concerning the matter, and he told rae to wait ; but he assured me should the time ever come when it could benefit me to know the secret of my birth, he would give me information. And from that time I have learned no more. I continued to serve Count Rudolph, and when he was elected to the imperial throne of Germany he took me with him to Aix la Chapelle, and I became a favorite with him. He has been very kind to me, and with his ,own hand he invested me with the sacred order pf knighthood. " Rachel had told me that a certain mark upon my breast, which I had borne from infancy, would be a sufficient avoucher for my identity to those who cared for me in that early time ; and when I came to select a device for my knightly arms I re- produced the Hidden Mark. It was a curious fancy of mine that a device so strange, while it could convey no intelligence to one who knew not its secret type, might yet attract the eye of some friend of my ehildhood, and perhaps prove the means of introducing me upon the way to a know- ledge I so much desired to gain." ___- _10__mm___s_l_mu___l " And did Rachel tell you how you came' by that mark ?" asked the countess, in alb w, faint whisper. " She did not." "Karl! Karil" Leonora grasped again at the collar of her robe, and seemed struggling for breath. "Speak, lady! In Heaven's name, speak!' What would you ask further ?" " Show to me-O ! show to me-the mark upon your bosom !" With trembling hands, but without hesitation, the youthful knight threw open his velvet doublet, and unclasped the collar of his inner vest, and when his bosom had thus been bared, there was revealed upon the very centre of his breast, stand- ing out from the white skin in bold livid lines as though cut with a knife, a Roman Cross. Leonora von Edenburg saw it and clasped her hands upon her bosom. A faint murmur was upon her lips, but no articulate word. An emotion beyond her power to sustain seized her heart and she sank forward into Karl's arms like one dead. 4 _____ CHAPTER IX. THE STOUT OF THE CROSS. A shadow of the truth rested upon Karl's mind aB he held the countess in his supporting embrace -a shadow sending its impress to his heart, and stirring it to its uttermost depths-but he dared not trust his thoughts in speech until he had heard some word from her. By and by she struggled back to outward life, and looked up. There was a world of love in the yearning light of her stream Iing eyes, and the glow on her face was like unto a celestial transfiguration. "Karl! Karl!-my son; 0! my own! my own!" And again she rested upon his bosom, entirely overcome. But she quickly remembered that the interview must be brief, and with persistent effort she resumed her seat, and calmed herself, still holding one of his hands. " Karl," she said, with an eager pleading in her look, "does your heart answer to the strange »peech you have heard from my lips ?" " Tell me that you are my true mother-my own, own mother," cried the youth, impulsively, " and I shall know that my heart does not deceive me." " And you would trust me, and love me ?" .' As I would trust and love Heaven itself. Tell me that I have found my mother, and I will bless God!" " First," answered the countess, restraining the impulse to again throw herself into the knight's arms, " Let me tell you my story. I know you will believe rae." " I could not doubt you if I would," said Karl solemnly. A grateful look, and then the lady proceeded : " You must know that the former baron, Sir Ulric, took for his first wife a woman whom he did not love. She was the daughter of a Count of Saxony, and she and Ulric were affianced by their parents while yet children, and were quite young when married. One child was born to them Caspar-and eie long afterwards Ulric grew weary of the yoke that had been forced upon him. The Lady Agatha-so his wife was named-proved to be a hard, harsh woman, and rather than endure the pains and huinilation to which she was con- stantly subjecting him, he went away and lent his good sword to Louis of France. Four years later .Agatha died, and he returned to Edenburg; and the people upon his domain found reason to bless the day that brought him back, for he was a kind and generous Lord, and busied himself in looking after the welfare of those dependent upon him, "Time passed on. My father, a knight of Lorraine, had taken up the Cross, and enlisted for the Crusade. My mother was dead, and my father was all I had left on earth to love. He and Sir Ulric had been friends at the court of Louis, and he thought of no place were he would rather leave me during his absence than at the Castle of Edenburg. So he brought me hither, and when he went away Sir Ulric went with him. At the expiration of four years Ulric returned, but my father was never to come back. He had found his grave in Palestine and I was the ward of Edenburg. When I was eighteen years old Sir Ulric asked me if I would be his wife, and I told him yes ; and I told him so from the fulness of my heart, for I loved him. He was only forty, and was a brave knight and a noble gentlman. He was my first love, and my only love ; and when I gave him my hand at the altar he had my whole heart with it. " But dark clouds were gathering round about me. Caspar, who was of my own age, had hinted to me of love; but I disliked him, and had shunned him ; and I knew, when I had become his father's wife, that he was wroth, and even then I feared his vengeance ¡, for he was evil then, even as now. Among the soldiers who had followed the Baron Ulric's fortunes in Palestine was a I rave knight, Sir David Ebersfeld, who returned with him and remained with him here at Edenburg. Sir David was a young man and had known my father. I respected him for his worth, and was drawn towards him in friendship upon the basis of old associations ; and as my husband was often away on business, he and I were much together. The enemy saw, and took advantage. I did not know then-did not know all-but I know now. " Caspar laid his plans and organised his forces. He paid men and women to malign me-f» whisper evil of me into my husband's ears. They whispered evil of me and of Ebersfeld. And they did more : with a cunning born of the very Prince of Evil, they set traps and brought about situations which seemed directly to implicate me. At length a child was bom to me, and then I knew the whole terrible truth of sorrow that had been in store for me. My husband had been brought to believe that the child iras not his ! And what helped to fix him- in his cruel belief- was that, a few week's previous to the infant's birth, Ebersfeld had left the castle, and no one knew whither he had gone. The baron sought for him far and wide, that he might challenge him to mortal combat; but the knight was not to be found. I sent for my husband to come to me, but he would not. He conceived that he had proofs of my shame, and he would not trust himself in my presence. " Among the numerous recipients of the baron's bounty was a,poor, old, half- crazy woman, named Ismenia. She talked of nothing but Holy War against the Infidel Saracens, and the rescuing by > Christian hands of the Holy Sepulchre ; and she declared it not only to be the duty of every able bodied man to enlist in the Crusade, but she held that every male child should be consecrated from his cradle to the same great work. One day, whan the nurse was dressing my child, Ismenia came in. She asked me if the infant had been set apart to the glory of the Cross. I told her I hoped so. 'Then,' said she, 'I will put Christ's own mark upon him !' And before the nurse could interfere she had caught the child in her strong arms, and with a sharp dagger had gashed a cross upon its breast. Help was summoned, but when the enthusiast had done her work she went away on, her own accord. The double wound was a cruel one, and bleed freely ; but by careful attention it was soon healed. ,^-^^----W_MH-^ "-'. stop! Not yet, Karl. Hear me through That ü the mark upon your own breast, cut by the crazy woman, in this very chamber, almost two. -and-twenty- years ago. But listen : "The shock ofthat scene-the bleeding bosom .of my child-threw mc into a fever, and for two .weeks I was bereft of reason. When I recovered my child was gone, and they told me it was dead. And then I sank again, and prayed that I, too, ?oiight die. But it was not so to be. I recovered, and sometimes my husband came to see me. He pitied me, but not yet had he come to believe me guiltless. And so wore away two long and weary years, at the end of which time Sir Ulric again »nlisted for the Crusade against the Saracen. If he had not still cherished an affection for me he would have turned me from his gates ; but I knew that he had not put away his love, and for this reason was it that he left me. And I think, even then, he held some faint hope that he might have been deceived, for his last legal act, before going away, was to install me as Countess of Edenburg, with all the powers and privileges thereto be- longing. " Sir Ulric was gone ten years. When I «ext aaw him he was brought to this chamber, dying. You have heard how he was attacked by the Black Wolf. 0, that was the darkest deed and the darkest hour ! Ulric had come homo with proofs of my Innocence and to take me once more to his bosom-once more to love me and to trust me. He wound his weakening arms around me ; he kissed me ; he told me the clouds were all gone, and that the sunlight had come. And then he said that his old esquire, Warbeck, had the proofs in his pos- session, all written down on parchment. But Warbeck had been stricken down in the forest, and could not be found ; and so my husband died-died without giving me the precious proofs-died with- out seeing Warbeck-died while yet trying to make some sign by which the world might know the * truth. O ! that was a dreadful night !" Again'Karl, would have spoken, but the countess motioned him to silence. "Oneword more," she said. " After the mortal remains of my husband had been laid in the tomb and I had recovered somewhat from the terrible shock, Harold carno and told me what he knew of I the matters with which the missing Warbeck had >been entrusted. (In Palestine the baron had met Sir David Ebersfeld from whom he had received certain depositions and explanations which entiiely removed the old suspicions. These Sir David made upon his dying bed, under che sign of the cross, and they were reduced to writing by the Archbinhop of Tyre. Warbeck, RB Ulrio's esquire had the custody of his private papers, accounts, and memoranda and the depositions of Ebersfeld were among them. Further than this, Harold as- sured me that my child did not die as was told to me, but that it had been taken away and given in charge to a poor and honest woman, who was bound by a fearful oath to modt solemn secrecy. He had heard his master and Warbeck talking of the matter, but he could not learn further. I would have caused search to be made, but Harold advised me not. He said it would be impossible to prosecute such search without exciting the suspicion of Caspar. If my boy lived, he would some day come to me. The mention of Caspai's name was] enough. The return of my son to his paternal roof, and the acknowledgement and establishment of his legitimacy, would be danger- ous to the interest to the elder Bon. But now now- 0! Karl!" " My mother ! My mother !" And again the youth returned that fond embrace. No doubt no fears-but every instinct of his nature and every emotion of hil throbbing heart told him that ha rested his head upon the bosom of her who had borne him into being. He could have rested there along, long time, with murmurs of love and bless- ing, but he bethought him that there were other matters of moment pressing upon him-matters of deepest interest te his mother as well as to himself-matters which might involve life and death-and as the brief period allotted to their in- terview was rapidly passing, he must gain auch in- formation as might be needful for his immediate guidance. (To be continued.) 