Marooned. By W. CLARK RUSSELL. Autbnr of 4* The Golden Hope,' 44 The Wreck of the Grosvenor,' 44 The Lady Maud,' 44 A Sea Queen, ' 44 Jack's Courtship, ' 44 The Frozen rirafe,' &c.; Chapter XIX.— I TAKE COMMAND. I was awakened by a sharp persistent knock ing on n.v cabin-door. 44 Who is thercr' 1 called j out, scarcely yet awake. 44 The ciew wants a word with ye, sir,' exclaimed a deep-throated voice outside. 44 Eh, what's lhatF' I cried, instantly startled into broad wakefulness. 44 The crew 'ud be glad to have a talk with ve, 6ir,' repeated the leather-lunged voice, the j tones of which, though I might have had some j memory of them had 1 heard ihcm on deck, j sounded most harshly unfamiliar, even mal- j evolent, in the privacy and retirement of these I after-cabins. j 44 All right,' I exclaimed ; 44 give me a minute j or iwu io uress. who are your I 44 Terence Mole, sir.' j 44 Ha !' 6aid 1, 4 4 and where are the others F' I 44 All of 'em in the cabin, saving the cbnp j at the wheel, and Charles, who's keeping a look- j out.' 1 There was broad daylight on the ocean, us a j glance through tbe scuttle assured me ; the flash j of sunlight came to the glass of the screwed-up 1 port in a fine weather tremble off the waters, with 1 a commingling of atmospheric blueness' that j made one know there was plenty of clear azure j overhead. It was . natural that I should wonder | with all my might what the crew could want j with me as 1 dressed myself, but not hastily : for j let what might have happened, I was resolved to | oppose an aspect at least of composure to what- j ever might befall, and the first condition of dig- 1 nity was a leisurely observance of the wish of I the crew to 6ee me. I looked at my watch, punc- I tually timed by every day's meridian, and found | the hour ten minutes to 5. I dressed myself ] fully, lingering to wash my face and hands and I brush my hair ; trifling things to talk about 1 indeed, but useful to recall as an instance at all | events of self-control, which to this day I am I proud to remember ; for let me tell you, know- 1 ing tbe posture of tbe men as I did, it was 1 enough to throw a heartier mind than mine off its 1 balance, to be suddenly aroused from a deep 1 sleep by the wooden knuckles of a sailor, and 1 to collect with a balf-conscious ear from his 1 harsh gruff accents that the seamen of the brig I wanted a word with me. J I stepped into the little passage with a glance at I Miss Grant's door, which was closed, though 1 1 had no doubt she was wide awake within, and I had overheard the sailors' message to me. There I were eight men in the cabin, four of them I seated at the table ; the tall seaman, Terence I Mole, leaned against a stancheon, with his 1 arms, naked to. the elbows, folded upun his breast; I the sixth (the cook) squatted at the foot of the I companion-steps ; two others marched to and fro with I their hands buried in their breeches - pockets ; hut they I came to a halt. when they saw me. The novelty of the I sight of these rough fellows seated or lounging about I an interior which I, with a sailor's experiences in me, I knew that at ordinary times they would think of, in I their own sea- parlour, as a sort of holy ground in I which np Foremast Jack was ever to be heard of, unless I he came'to catch a pig or to holystone the deck of it, I was, I protest, as much a shock in its way as if one of 1 the men at my approach had saluted me with a levelled I pistol. The eastern sunshine streamed upon the sky light, and the place watt full of ? the brilliance of the morning. I noticed a t-ort of shagged, haggard, worried look in two or three of the hairy, weather lined faces. Used as I was to their attire of duck breeches, loose shirts, Scotch and other caps, and half -boots — though some of them were unshod — jet the mere presence of them in the cabin rendered their garb as strange in my sight as if I had never beheld it before, and 1 seemed to find in the first presentment of them the most genuine imaginable aspect of outlawry, abominably in conformity with every fancy, recollection, or imagination of mutiny, that could occur to an ob server. The fellows who were seated at the table rose when I entered ; Mole quitted his lounging attitude ; and the cook, a stout, pale, sandy-haired man, writhed himself on to his feet off the ladder. 1 came to a stand a foot or two in advance of the doorway which con ducted to the after-berths, that Miss Grant might hear what 1 said, and gather from my language the import of the speech of the others, if their syllables should not \- be always audible to her. ' What is it. men ?' I said. Mole dropped his folded arms, and passed the back of one great hand in a sort of smearing gesture, awkward yet defiant too, across his forehead, over which his hair lay thick as a mat to his eyebrows. ' We've thought it proper to tell you, sir,' he ex claimed, ' that the capt'n's a missing.' ' Missing !' I cried ; ' since when, do you know ?' The cook came forward, and said in a wheezy voice, striking his chest as though he had taken a chill there, '1 was on dooty 'cording to Capting Broadwater's orders, till midnight ; then I thumped him up with a handspike, his instructions being I wasn't to leave the deck on any account till he cauie. Well, he arrived, and 1 went forrads and tamed in. At 4, Mole here tame to say that the capt'n must have gone below, as notheu was to be seen of him. I says, ' That's odd, ain't it?' I says, 'an' he so pertikler 1 ' Jim here had the wheel since four bells, and I asked him if he'd seen aught of the capt'n, and he says that at six bells the skipper looked into tbe binnacle, and then went forrads again out of sight, for it had been as black all night as if a man had gone dark hisself, and arter that 1 saw no more of him.' ' All that's right enough,' said the sailor, to whom the cook referred. ' Have you looked for him?' said I, quietly, for a sense of deep insincerity in all this business was creep ing into me, spite of the cook talking like an honest man on his oath. ' Everywhere saving them there cabins,' answered Mole, pointing with his muscular arm, blue with de vices, to the after-berths. ' There are but two cabins vacant,' said I ; ' come with me and look for yourself.' I threw open the door of tbe berth in which was our private stock of provisions, then the door confronting it, and, motioning Mole to precede me, returned to where I had before been standing. ' Of course you have searched his own berth and those near it?' said I. ' First and foremost of all, naturally,' responded Mole. ' What is your notion of the matter?' 1 asked. Threeof them answered together, ' He's overboard.' Mole added, 'Ne'er a doubt of it. It's all hands' opinion. He wasn't a man to hide himself ; why should he?' The' half-caste Ladova laughed in his throat. 'If he's aboard,' continued Mole, 'we should have found him. We've so overhauled the old hooker that had he been a rat we must have come across him. Ain't that right, lads?' ' Ay, ay,' came the reply in a short growl from them all, and the cook in his wheezy voice added, ' If he ben't gone to keep poor Billy company, my eyes ain't mates.' The suspicion of the insincerity of all this had now grown into a strong conviction that some black deed had been done since I took my last view of Broadwater as he clambered up the companion-steps. But along with this conviction there came also clear perception that I must not by word or look betray the merest phantom of my thoughts, otherwise I should be held as incriminating as a witness, and dealt with as one. 1 had no doubt. My secret agitation was already suffi ciently great to render the assumption of an air of consternation easy. I looked from one to another and cried, ' Though I never liked the captain, men ; though I don't mind saying now that he wus one of the most tyrannical and ill-mannered shipmasters I ever met or heard of in my life, yet his disappearance is a blow to the lady and myself. The brig is now without a commander, without a mate, without even a bo'sun. IIow, think you, did Captain Broadwater meet his end ? Was it an accident, do you suppose V He could not have walked overboard.' I shook my head. ' My lads,' I said solemnly, ' I don't doubt but that he committed suicide. He was as a madman all day yesterday — charged me, men, me,' I cried, striking my breast with a passionate gesture, 'with a desire to work up a mutiny aboard! A 'roadman, my lads! a drunken lunatic ! Not a shadow of doubt hut he destroyed him self in Jiis watch on deck, urged overboard, maybe, by the recollection of Gordon and the poor lad and your two shipmates — of all four of whom he has gone before his God as surely the murderer as if he had slit the throat of every man of them with his own hand.' ' Mates,' cried Mole, tossing his head to clear the \- hair out of his eyes; and sending a fiery glance from one to another of the seamen, ' Mr. Musgrave's put it as there's ne'er a man of us could have said it. I've been a .seafaring man 18 year, man and boy, in all sorts 'of craft, from the likes of this here snorter ' — he spat upon the deck—' away up to the Atlantic clippers ; but r of all capt'ns V — he raised his arm, with a face that darkened to' the sudden fierce restraint he put upon himself ; ' but he's gone,' he added, letting Ms hand fall ; ' committed suicide, as you say, sir ; a thing most sartin — past all doubting, in fact ; and here we are, Mr. Musgrave, to find out what's to do.' I could see with half an eye that the impression I had sought to produce was made. I thrust my hands in a careless sort of way into my breeches-pockets, and fell to pacing lhe deck. ' One thing,' I exclaimed, ' has followed so fast on top of another, that though there ought to be something staggering in Captain Broad water's suicide, I find,' I said, with a half-laugh and a shrug of the shoulders, ' that it scarcely so much as surprises me. But,' I continued, addressing Mole, ' you ask what's to be done ? Have you and your mates: a scheme ?' 'Well,' he answered, speaking with return to his first awkwardj defiant manner, ' when these men and me, after giving the brig a thorough overhaul, was agreed that the skipper was gone, we tamed to and asked one another what was to be done. It didn't need much debating. It's been onderstood all along forradB that you were a Bailor yourself equal to navigating a sMp, and so of course we at once settled upon asking you to take charge.' I nodded, taking care to preserve a careless manner to guard against exposure of the worry in me that grew more and more consuming as I listened. 'Ton will take charge, Bir?' said Mole, interro gatively. ' Certainly, if you with it,' said I. He looked round at the others with a faint inclination of Ms head, and continued, revolving Ms cap in his hand with his eyes upon it, ' Next consideration was, where to go.' He looked up at me without seeming to lift his eyelids. ' Where to go !' I cried, startled out of my feigned posture of indifference by the fellow's words. ' We're bound to Bio. Shall we not proceed there Every man of them wagged his head with a sort of groaning ' No ! no 1 no !' full of an unmistakable note of emphasis. ' -We're all resolved not to sail the brig to Rio,' said Mole, -in an aggressive way that was like a surly hint to me hot to argue the point ; ' we've been fuming tbe matter over, and as we lamt from Mr. Gordon yester day that our latitude was a few degrees to the norrads of 20, we've settled to ask you to navigate the Iron Crown to the West Indies.' * ' The West Indies ! You arc naming a number of islands which cover a wide area of ocean,' I answered .'Mildly : for it had come to me like an inspiration that, if 1 valued my own and Miss Grant's satety, I must consent to do these men's bidding without so much as even a falter in the speech in which 1 assented ; that practically the brig was theirs, and L and my com panion absolutely in their power : and that my sole policy was to appear as though I was willing to be of thera, though my approach must exhibit a little natural hesitation. ' W hat part of — what island in the West Indies have you in jour mind?' ' Neighbourhood of Cuba,' answered one of the men. ' Bill, leave it to me if you please,' exclaimed Mole, turning upon the speaker with a frown. ' Our notion is, sir,' he continued, addressing me with a touch of respect in his manner that was not a little welcome, ' that you should navigate tbe brig towards the island of Cuba, and give us notice when we're within a day's sail of it. Mr. Musgrave,' be continued, flinging down his cap, extending his left hand and resting the fist of the right one in it. ' you've been a saiior your self — you've seea what we've suffered—you onderstand the situation we're in— let it, sir, as between seafaring men, be all plain sailing between you and us. There's been murder done aboard this here craft, as you know, 6ir ; and.' he proceeded deliberate^', almost grinding out the words as he delivered them, ' we don't intend that the man as made away with Mr. Bothwell shall be took. We don't want no interference. We don't in tend that the Iron Crown shall be boarded. We don't mean to be laid hold of, and charged with inutineering, and punished for it. D'ye see that, Mr. Musgrave ? We've got no idea of coming to any sort of harm that we can provide against. What's done's done. Nothen's happened but what's been desarved, sir —by God, de sarved, mates !' he almost roared out, striking his fist violently into the palm of his hand ; then suddenly folding* his arms upon Ms breast, he added, in a changed voice charged with menace, ' That's the situation, sir, and we want to know if you'll help us.' ' On certain conditions,' said I. ' What '11 they be?' he exclaimed, quickly and suspiciously. I surveyed kirn for a moment whilst I thought, then held up odc finger and said, ' The lady must have the same privileges of privacy which she has enjoyed down to the present moment.' He took a view of the others, and, bringing his eyes slowly to mine, said, 'The lady 'Il have no call to be afraid of us, sir. She'll find us sailors and men.' A grunt of assent from the others followed this. 'Thank you for saying so,' said I; 'if ever a woman deserved the kindness of a crew she does. Her heart has been with you from the beginning in your troubles.' ' Yes, by the Virgin, that's true .'' cried the half caste Ladova, fetching the table a blow with his fist. 'As consarns the lady, sir,' said Mole, 'set your mind at ease. What's your other conditions ?' ' I must, with her, have the exclusive use of this . cabin.' One of them cried, 'You're welcome enough to it. The fok'sle's good enough for poor sailor men.' ' It's as Thomas (here says,' exclaimed Mole, ' the fok'sle's good enough for us. We don't want no cabin. What's your other conditions ?' 'I have named them all,' I answered. 'You'll provide, I suppose, for our comfort here — tell some one of you off to bring our meals along ?' ' You'll see to that, cook,' said Mole, turning upon ' him. ' Ay,' exclaimed the other, ' that '11 be all right, sir. Tlie food '11 be cooked as af ore, and sarved as afore, if it comes to mv having to wait on ye my self.' ' Men,' said I, ' I can expect no more, and I am satisfied. You have met me fairly, and spoken to me honestly ; and whilst you continue faithful to the understanding that now exists between us, you'll find me as 6tanch as if I had been one of you from the be ginning, and the most ill-used of you too. There are two men on deck— you answer for it that they will be satisfied with our arrangement ?' ' Yes,' answered Mole, ' specially may Charles be answered for. A man whose soul has turned black in side him, as his has, by the shadder o' the gallows, ain't going to be very exacting in his arrangements to get rid of the cuss. Charles will agree, sir ; so will t'other.' 'Be it so.' said I; 'and now I'll step into the captain's cabin for a sight of his charts and the log book there, that I may shape a course to Cuba. That's it, I think ?' . ' Right, sir,' exclaimed Mole. Then looking at the olthers, he said, ' Lads, there's nothing I've forgot to say, is there ?' There was some scratching of heads and shuffling of feet, and then one said, ' No, everything's been said, ? Terry, I think ;' and another, ' Mr. Musgrave consents to take command and steer the vessel for Cuba, giving us . a day's notice of itj having into view, and I don't know that there's anything more that we, wanted to see him about but a third cried, ' Ay, but Mr. Mus grave '11 want some one to stand watch and watch with him. ' 'Who's to do it?' -y ' You're capt'n now, sir', said Mole, rounding upon me, but speaking very civilly ; 'it's for you to choose one of us to act as your mate. The crew'Il be satisfied with your choice, no matter who you fix upon.' ' Then,' said I, ' Mr. Mole, I choose you.' The calling Mm 'mister' set the whole of the fellows on the broad grin. ' Very well, sir,' said Mole. 'Lads, you can get forgads now, I'll keep a look-out, capt'n, ontil ye cofie up.' Secretly confounded and dismayed as I vn by all this business, yet his calling me ' captain ' madfttoe smile spite of myself, as the others had on my terming him ' mister.' A general laugh followed, but nothing more :wa« said as the whole body of them went | quietly up the ladder and disappeared through die com panion-hatch. I stood a moment or two grasping a stancheon, with a hand to my forehead, oppressed by such a sense of bewilderment that it was as sickening in its way as a bad fit of giddiness. But I rallied swiftly, and observ ing Miss Grant's door to remain closed stepped at once to the cabin that had been occupied by Broadwater. I entered it with no small feeling of awe. That he had been foully made awdy with I did not for an instant doubt, and the shadow of the crime seemed to lie like a material gloom upon the atmosphere of the plain in terior. I was in the mood, indeed, just then to be shocked and startled by little things, and I am not ashamed to own that 1 recoiled as though the ghost of the skipper stood before me to the sight that first met my eye on opemng the door, of a pea-jacket and a sou'-wester on top of it hanging together by the same hook, and under the jacket a pair of breeches arched, empty as they were, to the exact posture Broadwater's Bhanfcs ex hibited in life. I protest, the suit of clothes, with the thatch of the sou'-wester coming down abaft the coat, looked so astomshingly like the old skipper that for the instant I thought he had hung himself witb Ms face to the bulkhead. There was a bunk in the corner with the bed-clothes tumbled ; over it a short hanging shelf holding a few nautical books ; in a corner another table on which, were a quadrant-case, a chronometer, a few mathematical instruments, and, very conspicuous, Broadwater's huge silver turnip watch. The soles of a pair of sea -boots, one foot lying upon another, glimmered out from the gloom under the bunk, as though the captain lay drunk and silent in the darkness there. I took notice, though now I wonder that I should have had eyes for such trifling details, of a like ness of Broads ater and, as I supposed, of Ms wife facing each other ; two beads cut out in black paper, witn streaks of bronze to define the lineaments, mounted on a white ground. There was a canvoB bag of charts leaning dropsically against the head of the bunk, and in a roll alongside it was a chart of the North Atlantic, wMch on opemng it I found ' pricked ' down to noon on the preceding day. The mate's log-book was on the table. The writing' in it was Bothwell's down to the time of his murder ; a very neat, clean, almost lady-like hand, that threw into grotesque contrast old Broad water's sprawling, absurdly ill-spelt entries. Gordon, I suppose, poor fellow, had been without literature \- - enough to qualify liim to 'keep' 1 he bonk. Having made the neci-ssary calculations to enable rue to shape the course the men desired, I quitted the berth, grateful to escape an atmosphere in which I breathed with diffi culty, and was passing through my cabin on my way to the deck when I caught sight of Miss Grant looking out through her door. 1 immediately went to her. There was a resolved, quiet expression in her face, and her voice was without tremor as she said, ' I overheard all that passed in the cabin. You do not doubt that the captain has been murdered ?' ' I do not,' I replied; 'but the men must not imagine that we suspect them.' ' How will they treat us?' ' Oh, they are well disposed, respectful in their manner to me, and thej' consented at once to my request that the after-part of the vessel should be used only by us. This was more than I had dared hope. You will hove heard their demand that I should navigate the vessel to Cuba ?' ' Yes,' she exclaimed, catching her breath quickly : ' it will be a roundabout way to Rio, if ever we get there.' She smiled faintly and sighed. ' Never tear, we shall get there,' said I, cheerfully. ' Broadwater has to be thanked for this abominable muddle. I foresaw it all. 1 was certain that the men would never suffer this vessel to proceed to her destina tion, call it Rio or any other place, under a captain whose evidence would hang the man who had freed them from the urate's tyranny. But let us most anxiously bear in mind, Miss Grant, that our policy is not to know that Broadwater has been made away with.'' ?' Oh, I see that clearly,' she answered. ' He has committed suicide. Dwell upon this view, and the thought of it will become a habit, and we shall be the safer to that extent. There is plenty of time before us in which to talk over our position and make plans, 1 will now go on deck and alter the vessel's course. The men must believe me honestly disposed — indeed I must prove myself so : for let them be called murderers — mutineers— the blood that has been shed is assuredly ou the heads of Broadwater and Bothwell.' 1 raised her hand to my lips and went on deck. The morning was as brilliant as any that had ever shone over us. There was a light wind from the north-east, wMch I might have accepted as the first breathings ot the regular trades but for the absence of tbe familiar clouds which float like signals set in the blue heavens to mark the confines of these gracious and serviceable gales. The whole of the eastern sea stretched in a rippling dazzle as of wrinkled quicksilver, of so fiery an effulgence that the weeping evo went instantly from it to the west for the relief it got from the dark blue water there, and the soothing azure of the sky that sloped down to the soft liquid boundary. I ran a swift glance around the horizon, but there was nothing to be 6een. The brig was under the shortened canvas of the preceding night ; main-topgallantsail set. mainsail furled, tack of the trysail hauled up, a jib and the lighter staysails stowed. 1 found Mole pacing the deck with the conscious looks of a person in authority. Though it was yet early the cook had lighted the fire, and most of the men were gathered about the little caboose, holding pots of hot coffee, some munching at biscuits, others smoking. There was a suggestion of orderliness amongst them that satisfied my eye. It was natural perhaps that, recollecting the. ugly 6tain ou the cabin-floor, I should have thrown a hurried glance over the quarter-deck planking for a', like Mnt that this time should concern Broadwater ; but all glistened sand- white to the sun, with no further dyes than the violet pendulous shadows of spar, sail, and rigging. I stepped aft to the binnacle, where Mole at once joined me. ' The course to Cuba,' said I, ' running a line to the midship bearings of the island/ is west by south. Better get your yards braced in and make sail upon the vessel.' He instantly sang out, ' Hands to the braces ! Square the yards for Cuba, bullies !' The men drained their pots and sprang to the ropes. Never from the hour of getting the anchor off Deal had they exhibited such hearty nimbleness. Their songs had tbe true ring, and their notes swept aloft to the hollows of the canvas, and away into the airy blue over the side with the joyous echo of the homeward bounder's chorus. I motioned the man at the helm to put the wheel over, and the brig slowly floated round with her stern to the sun, and the wide soft heave of the sea coming aloft under the light wind to the blue shadow of her starboard quarter on the water. 'Steady!' said I; 'now hold her at that, my man.' ' Cuba '11 be under the bow then at tMs ?' said he, with such a puckering of his face to the grin which overspread it that it made one think of an old walnut shell. ' Yes,' said I, ' in heading as you go we'll be run ning the island down- in good time.' He leaned from the wheel to 'discharge a quantity of tobacco- juice .over the stern. ' Well,' said he, ' better a light pocket than a heavy heart. There'll be no pay ing off this woyage, I suppose. But, thank the Lara, there's been plenty o'' paying out.' He uttered Broad water's name, calling curses Upon it in accents by no means whispered, and out of the fulness of his soul fell a-talking to the brig with Ms eyes on the compass-card that swung sluggishly to the lubber's point. I stood alone watching the men making skil upon the brig. Mole worked with the others, pulling hard, raising encouraging Bhouts, and springing here and there with the zeal of a man who considers it Ms duty to set an example. Events had come in such a hustling throng that in sober truth I had scarcely yet had time to remise our position. Now as my eye went to the men aloft loosening the sails, and the fellows below bawling out at the sheets and halliards, I could find a moment for reflection. If Broadwater had been murdered, it was hard to imagine, by the hearty, careless behaviour and half- jocose airs of the crew, that they knew of it. Yet if murder had beeu doue it would be sheer idleness to feign that the men could be ignorant of it. There was always the fellow at the wheel to' stand looking on as a witness. If Broadwater had made away with him self, the splash of him as he went overboard must have beeu a distinct sound fit to c&ch; any ear, even above all such surly, weltering noises' as were rising oat of the blackness last night, from the forecastle heaid to the binnacle ; unless indeed the old man, wiih the sleek, secret, wary cunning of the sailor who had gone to his account in the English Channel, had slipped in the darkness into the lee main- chains, and then sdftly dropped into the sea. But this waB to suppose that he had destroyed himself , an idea not to be entertained for the space of a breath in the face of the memory of a nature which proved Mm to have been eo grossly of the earth that one would as soou think of a hog terminating its existence. No ! if he were out of the ship, then he was a; murdered man ; wMch being past all doubt, I entered into some swift speculations as to the manner of Ms fleath ; and there being no hint upon the gleaming platform of the deck of the use of the knife, I concluded that he had been stunned and dropped overboard whilst still insensible. One man could have done this. Heavy- as the square form of old Broadwater was, one pair'of hands might have sufficed to drag the breathless body to the rail, and with vigorous upheaval swing it into a somersault over the bulwarks. Guilt, like terror, will often put a grip of steel into nerveless fingers. But it was not to be supposed there were no witnesses to tMs crime. Broad water was not the man to let the watch on deck skulk even in the blackest hour ; therefore there would have been most of the sailors on the move as observers of all that could happen, from the forecastle to where tbe quarter-deck began ; whilst aft was the helmsman with eyes for the rest of the sMp there. Broadwater had been murdered, and all hands knew it! My heart turned sick and cold in me to the bare recollection of what had occurred during our execrable voyage, from the hour of Cooper's suicide to this moment, and I tamed with a sense of faintness to the rail, and lay over it a minute or two to recover myself, half distraught by the. conflict of emotions which eurgeci up into my head. I felt a hand upon my shoulder. I started vehemently to the touch from my bitter mood of apprehension, and confronted Miss Grant. ' There can be no objection to my coming on deck, Mr. Musgrave ?' she exclaimed ' None,' I answered ; 'the men have promised not to trouble either of us. We must trust them — we can not do otherwise.' She looked at me earnestly. I don't doubt I was worn and haggard enough to account for her concerned, inquiring gaze. She was very pale, but I instantly noticed an expression of decision in her face as of a mind that has formed a resolution from wMch nothing is to divert it. Her black eyes looked at me with a full steadfast shining. It was manifest that the true spirit of this girl, wMch had been bowed a little as I had last night remarked, had recovered its old, natural, erect, heroic posture. ' Let us walk,' she said. ' It cannot matter that tbe men should see us together conversing. They must know we do so lielow w hen out of sight of them.' ' A moment,' I exclaimed. ' Mr. Mole !' I sang out, 'get topmast and topgallant stunsails aloft. Crowd on all canvas. You want heels, as we do.' 'Ay, ay, sir!' He re-echoed my orders promptly. Had he been mate throughout he could not have fitted the post more intelligently, nor exhibited shrewder per ception of the dignity of the berth he filled in his manner of calling to the men, that was as good as say ing to them, ' I'm still your shipmate, lads ; but don't forget that I'm mister also !' Miss Grant and I fell to pacing the weather-deck, speaking low, and taking care to slew round for our forward pace whilst the fellow at the helm was stiil a little waj- off. We spoke of tbe disappearance of Broadwater. She did not doubt with me that he bad been murdered, and that tbe whole of tbe crew were acquainted with tbe deed. I said to her, ' But glance at them, Miss Grant ; see how nimbly they run about : hear the cheeriness in their voices, and the occasional laugh ! It is hard to believe thej- can be conscious that a second-dreadful crime was committed in this ship in the dark hours of the morning.' ' You will find it was the deed of one man,' she answered; 'the others feel themselves guiltless, and are happy because thej' are free. But who is the criminal ? Is it Charlesj do you think r' ' I dare not tMnk,' I exclaimed. ' As it is. he must regard us as witnesses to Ms murder of the mate. His dread of Broadwater may be extended to us for the same reason. I am infinitely bothered — infinitely bothered,' I exclaimed, with an involuntary clenching of my fist to a fit of exasperation that came to me with the thought of the horrible muddle we were in, and my helplessness and my inability to perceive the least gleam of light upon the heavy surrounding gloom. She looked at me with a light smile, and said with a sort of peremptoriness, fascinating for its spirit and kindness, 'If lean be cool, you must be so. Mr. Musgrave, I really do not feel the least bit afraid ; cer tainly I Lave no fear for our lives. The hearts in those men are not black : they are not pirates ; at least thej are not pirates yet ! They are wretched human creatures, who have been driven to this by ill- treatment, and now that the captain is gone they will stay their hands. Indeed, I have no fear. The future, to be sure, i6 a gloomy problem, but have not we courage enough be tween ns to wait until it is solved?' She continue! to look at me, preserving her light smile. ' We should change places,' said I, feeling a trifle of colour in my cheeks ; ' you have twentyfold my heart. Yet I should feel lesR worried, I believe, if I were alone here. It is my duty to see you safely to Rio — I embarked for no other purpose.' ' But supposing I were alone !' said she. ' Ha'1' I exclaimed: 'and yet I don't know. I believe your nature would top the whole difficulty as a sea-bird a surge big enough to founder a line-of-battle sMp. Indeed the mere circumstance of your being alone might win you more consideration from the sailors than they would show you with a male com paMon to look after you.' ' Well, Mr. Musgrave,' said she, and her voice still maintained its character of peremptoriness that rendered it, to my ear at all events, not a little engaging by the quality of half- conscious coquetry that I found in it, 4 bemoaning our position will not help it. 1 am certain you will yet discharge the obligation you generously, most generously, undertook ; and how Alexander will i thank you when he hears of our adventures, and of your heavy anxieties, my heart tells me.' She laid her hand upon her breast as she spoke ; tbe Spanish blood in her indeed was confessed in many of her gestures. And though her accent was entirely English,' yet perhaps in her choice of words you missed the ease and simplicity you would expect in a girl whose blood and life-long surroundings were pureljr British. 'A plague on Alexander!' thought 1. It had come, somehow or other, to my never being able to hear her. mention his name without a feeling in me that she was a bit maladroit in referring to it. ' A plague on him!' I repeated to myself, spite of the glowing glance she' shot at me through the fringes of her white lids, as if to an instant's curiosity as to what was nass ing in my mind. ' Under Heaven, Miss Grant,' I answered, ' I hope indeed to be able to discharge my obligation, though 'tis a word that I don't like — indeed, it is quite the other way. But,' said I, with a touch of impatience, 'this is no time for ceremoMes of speech. 'We are talking of Rio and Alexander ; and here, confound it ! are we heading away on a crow's course for Cuba.' ' Why do the men want to go to Cuba ?' she asked. ' I may find out,' I answered ; 44 at present I have not the least idea. The West Indies, to be sure, suggest piracy ; but that dream is gone. If the cross bones and skull be not hauled down and stowed awaj*. they are scarce now flying half- mast high. No' ! yonder livelies will not put this ship to any felonious use ! I am to give them notice when we are within a day's sail of the island. That sounds queer — they don't name a port.' 44 It will come all right, Mr. Musgrave,' Bhe ex claimed. I viewed her with an admiration I could not disguise. It was not only the challenge of her pale, flashful, re solved beauty just then ; it was the high courage, giving her faith in the future, that won my eyes to her with an expression in them that must have conveyed more than the message I intended ; for her own gaze drooped to it on a sudden, and went away seawards, with the merest flutter of a smile upon her lips. (To he continued .) 