THE NATURLIST Ancient Australia. No. IX. BY THE REV. J.E. TENISON-WOODS, F.L.S., F.G.S., ETC., ETC. Besides the large family of Diprotodontidæ, including the three species of Nototherium, there are many other extinct animals of this class found amongst the bones of which Mr. De Vis thinks not more than a third have been determined. If it be not presumptuous on my part to offer an opinion in this matter, I may say that I quite agree with the learned and industrious curator of the Brisbane Museum. It is so obvious that the matter has never been more than casually dealt with that there must be a great deal yet to be discovered. If any one will jnst look through the immense mass of material in the Brisbane Museum he will be ablu to form an idea of what discoveries await us. Nor will the novelties be exhausted until a thorough investigation of all our bone deposits is made and everything available col lected and determinations made by a competent anatomist whose time is devoted entirely to tho subjoot. It may be just remarked in passing, bofore leaving the Diprotodontidie, or large extinct animals, that in some works treating of Aus tralian geology lists are given which associate living species with these giants of the past, as if they had been found as fossils and were contemporaneous. The species are the Tasma nian tiger (Thvlaoinus), two species of native devil (Saroophllus), the flying squirrel (Beli deus breviceps), and three species of opossum— namely, Phalangjsta fuliginosa, P. vulplna, and P. oookii. These living species have no doubt been found as fossils in cave remains in Tasmania and Victoria; but never, as far as I am aware, owoeiatod with the extinct giants so as to prove their contemporaneity beyond a doubt. It is not likely that they were contem poraneous, from the fact that similar genera of large size lived with the Diprotodon and Note thorium, and may have formed a tooth tome prey for the Thylaooleo. Thus Owen has described for us an enor mous wombat, a perfect giant by the aide of our existing species. This is Phas colomys gigas, and besides this several other large speoies have been found. But a more interesting discovery is that made by Mr. De Vis, who has found among the bones of the Darling Downs a "'possum" of ridioulously huge dimensions. It was Cft. long and mutt have weighed, he thinks, about 8501b. What we are to think of the habits of an animal of this kind is indeed a difficult question. We must abandon the idea of laai-eating and tree climbing for these monsters of the past. What these giant " 'possums" did for their living and where they roosted is too much for one to decide upon while the mind is still amazed with the dimensions thus resuscitated. My readers must really bear with me while I add that since this monster has been found the bones of one even larger have been dug up. One can only say with Macbeth, when he saw the ghost, "Can such things be ?" A curious fact connected with these phalangers or opossums is that they show more affinity with the tropical cumos than the Tasmanian opossum. Many readers when they hear the name will recall Artomus Ward's pet kangaroo, which he described as "an amoozin' little cuss." The term here, how ever, is meant to express an opossum of the Indian Archipelago, distinguished by a pre hensile tail, large eyes, and slow progression. Nor have we yet done with the wonders oon nocted with these great beasts. Imagine a koala or native bear thrice the linear dimensions of our ordinary phasoolarotos. I suppose it is scarcely necessary to describe the existing speoies. It is about 2ft. in length, having a stout olumsy body which looks still more awkward from the almost complete absence of tail. Clumsy and unwieldy as it is we hold our breath when we are called to contemplate a similar animal between 5001b. and 6001b. in weight, when it is a large native benr of the present time that will turn the soale at 201b. But this is entirely in keeping with the whole scale of animated nature in these im mense times. The Diprotodon was almost over shadowed by the dimensions of the kangaroos, real jumping long-tailed kangarooß at least double the size of the largest living kangaroo. In many speoies which have been named, Macropus atlas, M. titan, &c;, to give an idea of their proportion the alveolus of the jaw has been split away so as to show the permanent molara concealed in tho sockets. From the fact of thin tooth not having been out, we learn that the individual was young and hod not shed its first teeth, aud yet it was more than double the size of tho largest old man kan garoo now browsing on the downs of Australia. What arc wo to think of the face of nature, especially of animated nature, iv thoso olden days! Surely there in some meaning in this uniformity of size, so far exceeding anything by which we are surrounded now. It is not without wonder and admiration that we observe how beautifully proportioned, for the most part, to the size of man is the living animal oroation. But what if it were not so, or rather wbat was it when it was not bo? Man was not there to witness it; but there are other things about which wo may feel inolinod to indulge in speculation. What about tho trees and vegotation generally P A few leaves have been preserved to us which enable us to say that they were like plants and trees which exist now in other countries or in this conti nent. But they may have been much larger. Nay, they must have been much larger, many will fed fcwUwd ft »y, to bear anything llko a proportion to the animals whioh roamed over the land. It appears to me difficult to come to any other conclusion, and then this involves so many other considerations that one is fairly bewildered. Such trifles as climate sink into insignificance by the side of such problems. Perhap9 we should understand things a little better if we knew more of New Guinea, where certain marsupial forms survive whioh would throw great light upon the animal forms of anoient Aus tralia. There are, for instance, the tree kangaroos, constituting the genus Dendrolagus, whose forelegs, adapted to this mode of life, are nearly as long and strong as the hind legs ; the tail is not used as a support, and the claws are curved, long, and pointed. Now, as there are small tree-kangaroos in existence*, and ox tinot largo tree-kangaroos, it is difficult to escape from the conclusion that they climbed up trees, and that the trees were very much larger to bear their weight. Tet whatever suggestion we make as to these most remarkable times we are bound to admit thai we know so little about them that speculation becomes the merest guesswork. Bearing in mind that the flora of the continent was then one with Asia, Amereica, and even the Arctic region, we may well pauso before assigning causes for such vast and bewildering changes. Theorising had better be left alone until we know a little more. When we reflect upon the changes that have come over scientific conclusions within tho last twenty years, we may well say that speculation is premature. Wonderful as the discoveries were even then, the wildest imagination would nevor have dared to hazard suggestions of facts whioh are now securely established. Therefore, until moro is known of anoiont Australia, it would be botter to forego any resuscitations or reproductions of the past, except what the bones toaoh m, and even in these oases we must wait for the discovery, or rather identification, of moro of these fossil*; because a good many of the genera established depend upon one single bone, frequently a part of the head or a tooth. A whole skeleton of any of them has not been identified. The nearest approach to this is Diprotodon, and we do not know what its feet were like. Of some of the genera, the less said the better if we want to avoid treading an uncertain path or building up a scientific castle whioh will all have to be taken down again. Thus, how ever reluotantly, we must say for instance of such a genus as Sthenurus that it was a heavy limbed marsupial, more like the lumbering sloth than the swift and bounding kangaroo. Considering the amount of material that re mains to be dealt with, it seemi to me to be best at this stage of these letters to give a summary of the genera and species which have been established at the present stage of the investigations. There have been considerable changes also sinoe Owen first began to work, and the amount of shifting and altering of names and of classification has become almost as bewildering in this as in any department of science. Fortunately for my purpose there has been published amongst the British Museum catalogues one of the fossil mammalia by Mr. B. Lydekker*, whioh, while describing all the specimens contained in the British Museum, gives a oomplete list of the genera and speoies according to the latest classification. This I shall principally follow in the ensuing descrip tions. In the order Marsupialia, sab-order Dipro todontea, the family of Phasoolomvidee is the first dealt with. These are the wombats, whioh are divided into the broad-headed group Latifront and the flat-nosed Platyrbine. The speoies are eight in number, Phasoolomys magnus, whioh, however, is not so large as P. gigas already referred to: P. nredius, inter mediate in size between the preceding and following; P. kreffti, mainly distinguished by a difference in the direction of the sutures of the skull; P. ourvirostris. somewhat larger than P. medius, characterised by the great down ward deflection of the border of tho palate; P. mitohelli, closely allied to P. plstyrbinus, the existing species, bnt distinguished by Owen because of technical details in the anatomy of the skull; P. thomsoni, doubtfully distin guished from the existing P. wombat; and P. parvus, which is the smallest of them all. Now all these different species of wombat are represented in the British Museum by sixty nine different specimens of bones, and prin cipally skulls. They have come from widely separated portions of New South Wales and Queensland, mainly from the Wellington Valley Oaves and the Darling Downs, while a few, presented by Mr. W. L. R. Gipps, came from the volley of the Laohlan River, or else some volcanic sandstone ash-beds on the Tal bragar River, not far from Dubbo, New South Wales. We come now to another genus named Phas oolonus, which is in every way remarkable. When the teeth of this animal were first dis covered their long, flat, curved, chisel-like form suggested to Dr. Ramsay, the curator of the Sydney Museum, the name of Sceparnodon, from Greek words signifying an adze and a tooth. If anyone will go into the Brisbane Museum and look into the lower or upper jaw of this extraordinary animal he will see how woll-deserved was the name. Nothing like these great dental chisels were ever pre viously known outsido a carpenter's tool-box. Thoro is a lower jaw in tho Brisbane Museum with the two incisor tooth in position, whioh truly may excite our wonder. They must have been givon to tho animals for some pur poses liko those of tho beaver, that is for cutting up trees into logs for either food or building. To my mind these teeth are amongst the most interesting oeteological curiosities in the museum. When Owen first saw the remains, which were upper incisors, he accepted Dr. Ramsay's name. Subsequent examination dis posed him to believe that they belonged to an animal whioh was identical with what he had thought to be a wombat, and named P. gigas. This has been already referred to. Further more, he saw reason to separate the animal from the wombats and create for it a new geaus, which he named Phascolonus. The upper incisors are even wider than the lower, being much oompressed and having a bevelled cutting edge. Phascolonus gigas is * London, 1987, the only known apeoies. It wu apparently about equal in size to a tapir, but of much stouter build. From this animal alone we are justified in supposing an enormous size for the treea which it apparently cut down with a power to which that of the beaver was as nothing. There are about five-and-twenty bones in the British Museum, including some limb bones and portions of the feet. The finest series to be seen anywhere is certainly in tho Brisbane Museum, and most of these came from the Darling Downs. The next family to Fhasoolomyidto is Noto theriidte, whioh oonneots the former with the Diprotodontidrc, the skull, limb bouos, and vertobrtv beinj nearest to the wombats, and the jaws showing character* common to tho two, whilo the cheek teeth aro of tho typo of the Diprotodon. MoreoTer, the structure of the humerus indicates that the animal was a bur rower, whioh, considering its size, was a very unpleasant feature. If Nototheria survived now they might be employed in catting railway tunnels. There are between fifty and sixty bones in the British Museum, collected ovor a wide range of country, in New South Wales, Queensland, and South Australia. Thero are even more extensive collections of Diprotodon, the specimens reaching 200 collected all over Eastern and Central Australia; none, however, from Western Australia. They inolude, as already stated, very nearly the whole frame of the animal, but only one species (D. australis) ia admitted by the author to whom I am now referring. He say«, " This in tbo typo and only species. The largest individuals appear of larger bulk than Rhinooeros unloornU, but others wore considerably smaller, although not presenting any structural differences whioh can bo regarded as of speoifio value." Aooording to tho classification which ih fol lowed in the British Museum, a family is formed of the family Fhalangiatidio oc opos sums, and hi a sub-family named Fhalangis time thyloooleo U included, as it in regarded as only • highly specialised opossum. With this is associated another genus called Fseudoohirus, of whioh I can say no more than that a frag ment of a jaw something like that of an opos sum hi amongst the oofleotion in the British Museum. Of Thylaooleo, besides over forty fragments of different heads, there are four limb bones, mostly from the Wellington Caves. It appears that the animal, though less ooraraon than Diprotodon, had very nearly as wide a distribu tion. No less than four families of marsupials in tervene between the Phalangiatidie and the Maoropodidto or kangaroos, wallabies, and kangaroo rats. The latter is divided into two sub-families, in one of whioh (Potoromo) are found the most of our kangaroo rats. In the genus a little kangaroo rat from New South Wales, is represented by portions of the jaw and a few limb bones, altogether about a dozen specimens in tho British Museum. They all came from tho Wellington Valley Cares, but I think Mr. Do Vis has reoogoised them from the Darling Downs as weS. In the sub-family of Maeropodiniß are included all the true kangaroos, or animals in which the fore limbs are reduced in size and the hind limbs disproportionately enlarged. This, however, is not the scientific definition of tho family whose characters aro principally found in the struoture of the jaws and teeth. It should be mentioned that in the genus Maoropus of Professor Flower are included many genera held to be distinct by Owen, Goula, Gray, and others. Thus, according to the British Museum catalogue, Owen's genera of Leptosiagon, Faohysiagon, PMohologuo, Protemnodon and Sthenurus are swept away, exoept that the two hist are retained in part. Professor Flower regarded the bones of the large animals, named by Owen Sthenurus and Protemnodon, as indicating large wallabies included within the Genus maoropus, or true kangaroos. Of this he admits no less than twelve extinot species. It is said that owing to the confusion about the upper teeth of certain fossil skulls, whioh Owen referred to an animal he named Sthenurus atlas, the lower jaws were made the types of a new gouua and species called Protomnodon mimas. A com parison of the two associated together showed their absolute identity. The estimated length of the entire skull is about lft. The species is now named Macropus brehus, and it was allied to certain existing species of wallaby, but much larger. It is unnecessary to give a list of all the species to whioh reference has been madeabove,whiohinoludes Maoropus giganteus, one of the largest of existing species, and the muoh larger M. titan of Owen. This speoies is closely allied to M.giganteus (whioh of course is not found fossil on the Darling Downs), but is distinguished by its superior size. It is one of the very common fossils. Yet there is a larger specimen still in M. ferragus, whioh is the type of Owen's Paohysiagon ferragus and Leptosiagon graoilis. The species Sthenurus atlas, whioh was at one time named Maoropus atlas by Owen and Protemnodon anak, is the type and only species of a peculiar kind of kangaroo. In giving this acoonnt of the alterations made in the classifi fioation of the greatest living comparative anatomist it must not be supposed that those things derogate in any way from his great reputation. Mistakes must necessarily occur where tho material is imperfect and where, as in thiß case, it was of a fragmentary character. The subsequent alterations that have beon made have been due to the finding of muoh moro abundant material and better specimens. Mr. C. W. Oldreive lately succeeded in walking on the water of the Hudson River from Albany to New York, a distance of about 150 miles, for a wager of £100. His average progress was twenty-four miles a day. He always went with the tide. The shoes he wore are made of cedar, lined with brass. They are 5ft. long-and 1ft. wide. Each is airtight, with a space in the centre for the foot. On the bottom are three fins, so arranged that when the shoe moves forward they are pressed up against the bottom, and when the shoe is at rest they hang downward like paddle-wheel buckets. A rebellion Km broken out in the Warn country in Upper Burmah, India, 