CORRESPONDENCE, THOSE TRAVELLING STOCK BE- SERVES IN THE UPPER MURRAY. TO THEEDLTOR OF THE ALBURY BANNER. SIB,—A. step in the right direction has at last been token by the Inspector of Stock for 4fcis district. Trespassers have been warned that they muBt keep their stock off these reserves. This wight to have been done long ago. It .is shameful the way they are eaten down. Travelling stock have not the ghost of a dunce to get a mouthfnl on the.n. I have oow been Beveral trips up and down the river since the inspector gave the notice, and they are just the same as ever—overran With stock, notably the one at Jingellic, which is constantly covered with the equator's sheep. This is too bad, and about time there was an •Iteration. It is to be hoped that the inspector will follow up his notice by seeing that theBe reserves are kept exclusively for the parpose that they, were intended for, There is no doubt that it is almost impossible for the inspector to do this, as he has such a large district and euch multifarious duties to attend to. it would be more satisfactory if the local police were to look after these reserves, as in the eoarse of their ordinary duty they pass them by every other day or so. Several thousand cattle have been travelling from - the mountains this week on their way back to their native pastures or otherwise for eale, and coming to these reserves, where they fully expected to fiod a little feed, were bitterly disappointed, there not being any grass at all on them; and the unfortunate brutes are starving, many of them being unable to rise after laying down. If they had been eaten out by travelling stock no one could complain, but it is well known such was not the case. I trust that other sufferers will take this matter up, and not allow it to drop until the remedy has been applied. I suppose the same thing is carried on throughout the colony; and those into whose hands such an important trust as the travelling stock and camping reserves have been committed ought to see that they are put to no other use. If, Mr. Editor, you will kindly allow space for the above you may be the means of bringing about a more desirable state of affairs. STOCKMAN. 