the Laurel Bush. Br the Author of John Halifax, Gentleman. PART IV.—(continued.) Which is ths worst, to wake up suddtnly and find that our life baa beeu wrecked by oar own folly, mistake, or sin, or tbatit has been doue for us, either directly by the hand of Providence, or indirectly through some innocent—hay, possibly not innocent, but intentional liaud ? In both cases, the agony is equally sharp—the sharper because irremediable. All these thoughts, vivid as lightning, nnd as rapid, darted through poor Fortune's brain during the few moments that she stood with her hand on David's shoulder, while lie drew from his magpie's nest a heterogeneous mass of rubbish—pebbles, snail-shells, bits of glass and china, fragments, even, of broken toys" Just look there! What ghosts of my childhood, as people would say ! Dead and buried, though." And he laughed merrily— he in the full tide and glory of his youth. Fortune Williams looked down on his happy face—this lad that rtally loved her, would not have hurt her for the world; and her determination was made. He should never know"anything. Nobody should ever know anything. Tlie " dead and buried " of fifteen years ago must be dead and buried for ever. "David," she said "just out of cariosity, putyoar hand down to the bottom of that hole, and see if you can fish up the mysterious letter." Then she waited, just as one would wait at the edge of some long-closed grave, to see if the dead could possibly be claimed as our dead, even if but a handful of unhondured bones. No, it was hot possible. Nobody could expect it, afier such a lap3e ot time. Something David pulled out—it might be paper, it might be ra js. It was too dry to be moss or earth, but no one could have recognised it as a letter. " Give it me," said Miss Williams, holding out her hand. Davidpnt the little heap of "rubbish" therein. She regarded it a moment, and then scattered it 012 the gravel—"dust to dust," as we say in our funeral service. But she .said nothing. At that moment the young people they were waiting for camo to the other side of the gate, clubs in hand. David and the two Miss Moseleys had by this time now become perfectly mad for golf, as is the fashion of the place. , They proceeded across the Links, Miss Williams accompanying them, as in duty bound. But she said she was "rather tired," and leaving them in charge of another chaperone—if chuperones are ever wanted, or needed, in tlio3e merry Liuks of St. Audrews—came home alone. j 