cmtitJEN'X topics. Tho electioneering campaign in tho Denambra olectorato will bo commenced nest week. Mr. Peter Wright, tho present member for the district, has announced addresses to the electors—at Corryong on Saturday, 2nd Fobruary; aud at Tallaugatta on tho Monday fol Tho rumor to which wo gave publicity in our last issue, to tho effect that tho body of Mrs. Hauora Plunkett, who disappeared so mvstoriously from her residence at Jingellie, had heon found in the Murray, has turned out to ho only too true. After a prolonged and syste matic search extending upwards of two days, tho body was discovered engaged in a snag on tho surface of the stream. Tho discovery was made on Sunday afternoon by Coustablo "Wcathored, of Grauya. The body, which presented a horrible appear ance (being in an activo state of decom position aud greatly discolored), was found at a poiut about tbreo miles below tho residence of deceased. The only clothing on tho body was a night-dress. Active search was then instituted for the infant, which had also boon missing. It was not, however, until Tuesday that tho worst fears for tho child were realised— for the highly decomposed remains of tho little one were also recovered from tho water, some 400 yards up-stream from where the mother’s body was found. Tho baby’s body was floating on tho surface between the limbs of a forked snag, which had arrested its current-borne progress down-stream. Magistei ial inquiries were conducted—on the body of Mrs. Plunkett on Monday, and on that of the child on Tuesday—before Mr. Jas. Grant, J.P., of Grauya. After hearing tlio evidence of Geo. Plunkett, Joseph Hanna, George Crowe, C'has. Here, Marcus Higgins and Constable Weathered, in the first case; and the testimony of Gen. Pluukett, WTu. Hunt, aud the polico officer in tho second case, tho magistrate, recorded a finding that both of tho deceased persons had been found drowned in the Fiver Murray at Burrowye, but that there was no evidence to show how they came into the water. No facts were elicited beyond those already reported, except that Mrs. Plunkett had for somo time past evinced signs of mental aberration. She was 37 years of ago, and tho infant two months. It is needless to say that Mr. Plunkett aud tho five children left to him (the eldest of whom is only 11 years old) aro on all hands commiserated upon tho double bereavement which has been brought about under such shockingly paiuful circumstances. On Friday evoning Mr. E. Mildren, tho Cravenville mailman, brought in to Tnllnngatta the skeleton of the man which wo reported in our last issue' as having been found on Lucyvale station. The remains were takon charge of by tho Tallangattn polico, and now lie at tho station, pending instructions as to their disposal. Tho whole of the inarticulate bones are jumbled together in a box, and it is not yet known whether all tho parts of tho skeleton havo boon recovered. Tho appearance aud condition of the heavy hob-unilod boots (each of which contains the bones of a foot) would seem to indicate that they had not been exposed to the action of the elements for more than four or five years. Gazing upon the pro miscuous heap of bones belonging to some unfortunate unknown, who may have suffered untold misery before finally “ yielding up the ghost,” one is afforded much food for reflection on “• what may happen to a man in Victoria.” With referenco to tho samples of porphyry which Mr. W. Carkcek, of Taltengatta, forwarded to the Secretary for Mines, we arc informed that Mr. Langtreo, was most agreeably surprised to learn that such splendid specimens of porphyrilic deposits were procurable in such close proximity to Tallungutta. Tho same gentleman expressed regret that he had not had some larger specimens for display at the Centennial Exhibition. Mr. Carkeek intends complying with Mr. Langtreo’s request tosoncf some specimens of the porphyry in various colors to tho Department of Minos, Melbourne. Tho Government mineralogist ontortains a high opinion of the stone for building purposes; and several metropolitan ar chitects anil builders who saw tho polished samples expressed the opinion chat it was far and away superior to granite for ornamental architecture, both as regards its susceptibility to, and pormanont retention of, an elegant polish. Moro than one stoneworker of repute pro nounced tho diabase specimen, which is of a rich slate-bluo color, to bo almost unequalled for use in the construction of mantel-pieces and similar work. 'When professional anil practical men speak so kighly of tho stono in. quostion, and when wo consider that it can ho obtained in immense quantities within a very short distance of Tallaugalta, it is not too much to expect that quarrying for porphyry will ere long become an important indus trial resource of the district. Tho opening of tho railway hither, affording as it will greater facilities for tho cheap and expe ditious transit of tho stono, should givo an additional impetus to tho industry. So mq.to it ho! The.ordinary monthly mooting of tho director., of the Benambra Stock and Pastures Protection Association was held at Tallangatta on Saturday last. Tho .minutes of tho previous mooting woro lead anil confirmed. A communication was received from tho Chief Secretary’s Offico, informing that tho question of compelling buyers of hides and skins to keep a record of such, purchases would receive tho consideration or tho Govern ment during the recess. Tho board observed wicli apparent satisfaction tho action takou by tho local Shiro Council in tho matter of eradicating Bathurst burrs from lands within tho municipality, taking unto themsolves tho credit of instituting repressive steps iu tho first place, through directing tho attention of tho local body to tho mutter. Tho .secre tary was instructed to write to tho Shire authorities asking tliom to ineludo wild briars in tho list of proscribed woods now advertised. Briars, in tho opinion of tho Board, were quito as objectionable as burrs. Tho secretary was also instructed to direct tho Council’s attention to tho gradual spread of rabbits within tho Shire, and to urge that steps bo at ouco takou to guard landholders from future trouhlo at tho hands of tho rodents. Koprossivo measures, if taken at all, should ho resorted to at once. Tho annual general meeting was fixed for tho 5th February. A circular, drafted by the chairman and secretary, was adopted, and copies wero ordered to bo printed, and forwarded, together with copies of tho association’s rules, to every landholder in the district who might bo oxpccted to become a member. After arranging for tho audit of tho association’s accounts, aud transacting some routino business, tho meeting closed. Tho annual meeting of tho Benambra Stock and Pastures Protection Association will be hold at Tallangatta on tho 5th of February next. Tho business to be transacted thereat is the election of directors for the onsuiug year and to receive the report of tho doings of tho association during tho past twelve mouths. Tho association has now boon in oxistenco for oao year, during which time it has sought to promote the interests of tho industries embraced in tho scope of its operations. AVo liuvo been requested to state that subscriptions for tho ensuing .year—£’3 entitling a member to two votes, and £T entitling him to ono vote at any general mooting—arc now duo aud payablo. Tho Towong Shiro Council have in cluded tho briar plant in tho list of noxious woods which landholders aro re quired to eradicate from their holdings, under tho provisions of the Thistles Pre vention Statute. Tho local body would appear to liavo anticipated tho Benambra Stock Protection Association in this matter. AVo learn that Mr. A\rriglit, M.L.A., has elicited from tho authorities of the Public AVorks Department that the ques tion of a bridgo over tho Upper Murray has boon engaging attention for some timo past. Tho mattor has boon advanced so far that it lias been arranged that an ollicial of tho Department will shortly bo despatched to the district, for tho purpose of inspecting, in company with a New South Wales Government officer, tho dill’eront localities which have been sug gested as sites for the structure. The recommendation of tho officers in question will bo made known in due course. Tho Saltpetre Creek Gold Mining Company in another column invito tenders for tho cartage of a quantity of machinery from A\rodonga railway station to tho mino at Saltpetre Creek. Applications for a sharo of the £16,000 grant “ for the purposo of aiding the funds of free libraries aud country museums,” 1888-89, will ho received at tho Chief Secretary’s office, Melbourne, until the 28th February next. Institu tions not already supplied with forms of application and copies of tho regulations under which the grant will he distributed can obtain them on application, by letter, addressed to tho said offico. Tho Yaekawlandah correspondent of tho Advertiser reports :—Our oldest resi dent, Mr. Geo. Kinchington, of Thillinga langa, joinedthe majority bn Thursday lust, in his 82nd yoar. Mr. Kinchington was bom in 1807, iu AAriltshire, England, wont to Now South AVnles in 1835, and settled here with the Osbornes and Streots in 1843. Ho was brothor to tho late Mrs. Frederick Street, of Baranduda. and was married four tunes, but had issue only from his first wife. IIo leaves a widow and two sons (Messrs. George and Charles Kinchington), throe daughters (Mrs. Daniel Mongan, of Kinchington’s Creek; Mrs. Hatchel Mongan, of Molbourno; and Mrs. AVilliam Bowou, of Dubbn, New South AValos), forty grandchildren, and seventeen great-grandchildren. Tho parks and gardens vote (£9500) and tho grant to agricultural sociotios (£20,000) will bo distributed next mouth by the Minister of Agriculture. Appli cations for a share of tho votes for 1889 must be lodged with tho Secretary for Agriculture before tho 1st of next month, otherwiso they will not be considered. A final opportunity is now being afforded residents in the country districts to view the Exhibition prior to its closing. Between tho 17th and the 31st ipst. tickets will be issued from all stations outsido the suburban radius for Mel bourne, at holiday excursion fares, avail able for return for 31 days from the date of issuo. Some little excitement was occasioned in Tallangatta yesterday morning by the circulation of a report that a woman had been drowned in the Mitta Mitta. It appears that early in the. morning a teamster crossing the bridge beard two olcl women, apparently of tho variant class,.wrangling underneath tho bridle. Soldo articles of female clothing were subsequently found on tho bank of the stream, and' one of tho women told a passer-by that her companion was missing and was probably in the river. Constable Smolcher, being informed of tho matter, proceeded to the spot, hut in tho meantime tho “lost woman,” ,who had evidently been faking oxorciso in summer costume, had turned up. j'l'ho officer gave tho pair notice to quit.! the town within twenty-four hours, and on his return cleared" up tho sensational story which had boon circulated. Tho Rev. Mr. Watson (Wesleyan) announces a religions service at tho rail way camp on Sunday evening next. Wo have no doubt tho rev. gontloinan’s Holioitudo for tho spiritual welfare of tho horny-handed toilers willbo duly appro Ihiring the absence on leovo of Con stable Allwood, the Tallaiigatta police station will ho in charge of Constable Weathered, of Grain a. Our Melbourne correspondent tele graphed last night as follows :—Tho llailwav Commissioners, in reply to a deputation Irom Malmsbury and Kyneton which waited upon thorn to-day re the carriage of dairy produce, stated that refrigerating cars wore being obtained, and plans of largo storago sheds in Mel bourne were now under consideration.— Typhoid fever is still on the increase, 37 cases having boon reported yesterday. By advertisement it 'will be sebn that Mr.'j. B. .Tohustoue, Church of England minister, is announced to preach his farowoll sermon in Tullaugatta on Sun day evening next. Mr. Johnstone, during his stay in this district, has won the admiration and commanded tho respect of nil, and it is with regret that his many friends will take leave of him. Ho has earned a well deserved promotion and will carry with him tho sincero wishes of his friends in tho new sphere to which ho has been appointed to labor. Mr. Johnstone will leave in a fortnight for Cowes, Phillip Island. Ho will preach in Tallaiigatta Valley on Sunday afternoon, at 3 o’clock. Sir Ilonry Loch, Governor of "Victoria, has obtained six months’ leave of ahsonco. Sir Win. Robinson, whoso period of office as Governor of South Australia is expir ing, has been appointed acting Governor in the absonco of Sir Ilonry Loch. Noticos havo boon issued by tho Rail way Commissioners that applications are required by thorn from persons desirous of becoming dorks in the departmental employ. Fifty vacancies of this kind oxist in tint traffic branch, whiih it is sought to fill, and 10 junior clerks aro also wanted for various brauehos. Appli cations must ho scut in by nooa on tho 1st February, An examination of police constables desirous of qualifying themselves for promotion to tho rank of sergeant will ho hold at the Superintendent’!: offico, Bcnalla, on Friday (to-morrow). Mr. Jas. Stirling, F.G.S., his boon appointed to inspect and report upon tho tin mines at Mount Wills, Omeo district. A lad named Thos. Dawson, redding at Omeo, had his right thigli fractured and his left ankle broken in two places. In company with a number of otlieis ho was on horseback going to a funeral. His companions forced him over against a treo which was lying on tho track, and thus caused tho injuries stated. Messrs. Harper Bros., storekeepers, Tallaiigatta, announce a clearing sale of drapory, &e.;, previous to a dissolution of partnership. The sale will cominenco on Monday next. Mr. Henry Foster, who intends con testing tho seat for tho Gippsland East electorate, has started on a canvassing tour through tho electorate prior to addressing tho electors in tho more im portant centres. Tho Omeo paper statos that Mr. Foster has received numerous promises of support from all parts of the electorate. The Tallaiigatta Athenreum-hall was on Monday evening tho scene of a pleasant reunion, tho occasion being the celebration of tho attainment of his majority by Mr. Stephen Carkeek, third son of our res pected townsman, Mr. Win. Carkeek. Tlioro wore about 100 persons presont by invitation, and dancing was kept up till after daylight on Tuosday morning. During nil interval, about midnight, a most appetising repast was provided for tho guests. The toast of the evening, felicitating “Stephen” upon his arrival at man’s estate, was proposed by Mr. D. Sutherland, and duly acknowledged. Other minor spooches followed. Dancing was then resumed, and a most enjoyable timo was spent, all presont expressing the pleasure and gratitude they felt in parti cipating of such unbounded hospitality at the hands of Mr. Curkoek and his good Mr. H. P. Stephen, tho local Treasury officer, having obtained a few days’ leave of absonco, his office will he closed from Thursday afternoon until the following Wednesday morning. Tho New South Wales Parliament has been dissolved. We learn that Mr. John Wilkinson, solicitor, has definitely do cided to become a candidate for Albury at the forthcoming Parliamentary election. The Government havo been asked by the Board of Viticulture for a grant of 2000 acres of land in the district of Chil tern. It is the desire of tho board to establish a collcgo of viticulture at Chiltern, where the soil and climate are believed to he specially favorable. But tho land applied for is included in tho auriferous area under the control of tho Mining department, and therefore re served from occupation otherwise than for mining purposes. The Secretary for Mines last Friday visited the land, which is eight miles from Chiltern. Portion of tho area has beon applied for under a gold mining lease, and operations are to bo commenced at an early date.. The Age reports that Mr. Langtroe, after a careful inspection of the locality, is of opinion that the department cannot givo its consent to tho alienation of such an extensive area of auriforous country, but that arrangements can bo mado to hand over 200 acres to tho Board of Viticulture. A special meeting of the Tallangatta Athonroum committee was held on Tues day evoning, Mr. W. Carkeek presiding. The question for consideration, was tho rate to bo charged the Catholic bazaar committee for the use of the hall during tho raco-weok. Mr. Wilkinson moved, and Mr. Walsh seconded, that the sum of £40 he charged for the three nights, 28th, 29th and 30tli March. An amendment was proposed by Mr. Roper, and seconded by Mr. Murray, that tho charge ho £25 for tho first threo nights, and tho sum of £3 os. for any additional night tho hall might bo required for tho bazaar- Tho amendment was carriod. James W. Moriarty, employed‘at the Maori Tom claim. Major’s lino, Heath cote, was killed on Friday last. He had ascended the 60£t. shaft, aud was taking hold of a rope to land by. Tho • rope slipped, and the unfortunate man fell to the bottom again, and was pioked no ouito dead. * 