CIetr.an XIX.-WTV Tac Ai Vrew or THE Ice. For erven days the gale raged with un clommon violence ; it then bri-ok., antd this brought u t into the first week of Augstt. The wind fell in the night, and I was awtkenod by the silence, whi:ch you will riot think strange if you ct"nid.r how used were my ears to the fierce eething and strong hollowiug of the blast. I lay listening, believing that it had only veered, and that it would come on agi{n il gusts :and guns ; but the stilllnel continued, aud1l thlere wa: ido hound whllatever aLvieg the noiCes of the ice, which broke uplon the air like slow auswres from batteries near lland distant, half whose uutniuls have been silelled. I slept 'again, ald when I awoke it was half-past nine o'clock in the lmorning. The ,'renelhmlmn was snoring lustily. I went on dock before entering the (Oe(k-houli ,, auI had like to htave been blindedl by thlleostnish ing lrilliance of the sunshine0l upon the ice nld snow. All the wind wal gone. '1The air was exquisitely frosty and shlarp. Bult there wait a heavy moundil colnling frot, the sea which gave 1er0 to exp.ect the sight of ia strong swell. The sky was a clear blue, and there was no cloud on aIt lOllil (If its face as showed betwixt the irows of tihau ,1Ipes. The schooner waes a ilmsit wonderful picture of droopinp inciles. A more Iacuntiftdl adl radiantsigltyo could notiigure. lFrom every rope, from tIle yards forward, from thle rails, from whaltever water could rum in it stream, hung glorious ice.pendalnts of priomuaticO spllndour. No snow h:ul falleno t frost the snrfaces, and every polIuItlt walls Its pure a2nd polished as cut-glass and reflected I hundr(ed brilliant colours. The water hurled over and on the schooner had frozen upon the masts, rigging, and decks, and as this ice, like the the pendants, was very sparklingly bright, it gave back all the hue1 of the sulr(arll, so that, stepping from the darkness of the cabin into this effulgent scene, you mllght olsily have persuaded yourself thut before you stood the fabric of a ship fashioned out of Ia rainbow. M'yattsntion, however, was quickly with drawn from this shining spectacle by the appearance of the starboard cliff over against our qurater. The whole shoulder of it had broken away, and I could jinst catch a view of the horizun of the sea fron the deck by stretching my figaro. The sight of the eeanl showed me that the breakage had been prodigioun, for to have come to thatt proMpeet bforo, I should have had to climb to the ,eight of the main lower mrasthcl d. No other mrliked or noteworthy changl did I detec t from the deck ; but on stopping, to the lar bordl side to peer over I spidl a split in the ico that reacIled from the very mlargin of the' rivine, Ii mean to that end of it where it ternminatedin at cliff, to pass the bowa of.the schooner by at l1ust four times her ownl length. r returned t to the do(,k-room and went about the old busilueslof lighting the fire and preparing the breakfast--this jobil, by an ud terin tding- between the Frenehmanu and me, falling to hIlhll wio was firt o(ut of bled- nlId ill about twenty mIillnutol Tassard arrived. * The wind is goner' said Ihe, ' Yes,' I replied, ' Iti a briht, still morn ing. I have been on deck. he re lae booen a great fall of lee close to.' SDoes it block tu F' 'No, on the contrnry, it clears the way to th 'sHca; the oceanu is now visible from the deck.. Not that it mn0ds our easee,' I added. SBut there is a great rent in the ice that puts a fancy into my. head ;'I'll speak of it later after a closer look.' The breakfast was ready, and we fell to in a hurry, the Frenchlman geobbli like it hog: in his eagorness to makte a1n end.. When we were finished he wruppell himsnlf up in thloo or four coats antd cloaks, warmlling the under ones beforoefolding them allout . him, anl completing Ilis preparations for the excursion by swullowing half a pint of raw brandy. I blade him man hitself with a short-lheaded spear to save hi nu1ok ; and thus equipped we0 went on deck. Ile stood stock-still with his eyes shut on emerging through tile hatch, crying out with a numlber of French oaths that hoe lad been struck blild. Thls I did 1not believe, though I readily supposed that the glaro mndehis eye blalls slnrt no us to 1ca(ule. him ia good deal of agoIy. Indeed, all aloug I hand been snlr prised that he should. have found his sight so easily (?fter, halving ailt in blindness for. forty-elght years, lunde it wits not wonderfuil that thie Ianllilng brilliance on deck, smitingl Iis siglht on a suddeni, should have eautsed hinm to cry out as if he lhad lost the use of his eyes for. over. I waited patiently, and in about tell mniuute l he was 1ble to look about him, andi thlen it was ilt long before he could see with lit pani. He stood a mninultu gazing lat the glores upon the rigging, and it tllttpieoling Ilht I noticede tile unwholelsome colour of hLs face. His clip hid the sear,. and nothing of his countenancellll was to be soon but the chelks, eyes, liad lnose; he was much mnoro. .wrinkled than.l hdulsuppo sedl, and nuethoufght the spirit of cruelty lay visible in every line. I hall never seenl oyes so flll of elunning and troneachery-so expressive, I should say, of these qualities, yet they were no bigger than meore punctures. I wa1s eiisible of a mlllon tary fear of the tlimn--lot, let me say, an emotion of cowardlice, but a sort of mlixture of a111111rm and awe, ch at a ghost might inspim. This I put down to tiLe searlching light in which I watched hiln for a moment or two, an irradiation subtle enough to give the sharpest form to expression, to exquisitely defino every meaning that was dis ting?i.shbe in his graveyard physiognomy. I left hilm to stare and jadge for hhnself of the posture in which the lolng hard gale had put the schooner, and stepped over to the two bodies. They were shrouded in ice from head to foot, its though llthey had each man been picked h I a glass caseo unningly wrought to their snllhps. Their faces were hiildden by the. erysthl nlstks. Ta'l'irdjoined me. SSnull chaico for your friends now,' said I,' ' even if youl woro ageeable to my pmrpo nal to ittentpt to revive them.' ' So 1' cried lie, touchilg the body of the mnate with his foot : ' and this is the end of the irrcsistible, Treintanove I for whalt con l1uests ha0 Death robbed himn o bravely ? See, the olor0('1 shine in himi like fifty kinds of ribblhtlud. l'oor fellow.! he coldlnllot lcurl his nmotilachioU 10ow, thoughl the loveliest o?ne? in Eltropo were flxul in pl(,sionateo admlinatiol on liim. -He'll linevirsllt anlther tliro((t, nor hicllp , Pctmrareh over i goblet nor relnountrolte with mlo un ty. hllnlanity. Shall we toss the bodies over the sidoe ' - \- They are your friendsl,' lsaid I; ' do as yo iut w llt lnpty thlei ponkots- first. unineess before srenthcnt, 3Mr. Rxdney.' Hoe stirred the ig re agaiin withi his foot. ' Well, presently,' said he, thins armour willwant the lhlt:het. Now, my friend, to view thle work of the gale.' The ilicr?en?ed heel of the ship brought the barboard fore-cllhaunel low, and we steppedt without difitculty frnllU it on0 the iee. 'tle rent or fiwslure thatt I have beIforo spoklen of w'mlt very ldeep; it wits neaIrly two feet wide in pcs, but, though the light lmrn~l brilliantly upon it, I could se0 no1 blttonm. ' If onel sluh anlothler split ile this would hapeni tother side,' uid thle IFrenichlnlt , SIrbelleve tlls block would go ildrift.' ' Well,' Smid I, after nisinig a little whilst f rin mly eye over the huollov, ) 1'll tell vou what was iln i m mmnd jUlt l(V, 'hIrlIn 1s groIt q(lULitity of gIpilpoWIer in tile hlhl: tell olr a dozen bLorrel. hly dlr(,ppilng largo plroels (If it inti the crev(eI (oII tile rigilit tlhere, (11Il firing it witlh low.matlnilche--' Ie illnterrupted me with it ry : I By St. 'llPaul, you haIlve it! VWhalt crevices lavce you P' We walked brinkly rolndl the vesseO, and all libout ler 1e0(an and stL'rlitmrd (iltart(-r I found, in udditionto othe sannms I had before nlotiiCll, nm1nyl gra:t c'rcks 21nd fissures, c:rtul!ld fill doubt ,v thel tfll of the slioullder of tllhe shrl, . I Inth1lc(l on flurtller vet, glilng I cam2e t tithe 'l?e; anl(d h1r1I I Io,,kel dlown frlon II hlleig?lt olf 01o1(10 tWnclve or fourteen f-ot--m, gnlatly hI:ld tlh ice OtlIIn or iseln hllnng?ld hv thie w1athor-u(p()I tIhe Oan:n. I enlhd t1 'IllTcOlrl. lie lprac'h:e1d warily. I Il.l ll-, feard~l I nighlt hle tempted t( give e him a: frilndly 4Shove over tile Ledlge. ' Observe this hollow,' said I; ' the split there goes down to the water, anl you nmay take it thot the block ki whllly di-cont ted on that side. Now look at the face of the ice,' said I, pointing to the starboard or right-hand side ; ' that crack goes as far as the vessel's quarter, and the weatklests is carried on to pait the bows by the other rents. lMr. Toelard, if we could buret this body of it..r by an explosion fron its mttr ing.s ahead of the bowsprit,' where it is all too clam act, this 'ratle with the schooner in it will go free of the parent body.' Ile intswered promptly, ' Yes; it is thenoe itad otnly plan. That crnuk to otartoad is like telling us what to do. It is well you camo here. We should not have seen it frotn the top. This valley rur s steep. You must ex peit no more than the surface to be liberated, for the foot of the cliff will go deep.' 'I desire o 11more.' ' Will the ship stand such a launeh, sup It'-ilg we bring it about ' said lie. I re.sptndtld with one of hisown shrugs, and said, ' Nothing is certain. We have one of twoe courses to chloo(e-eto venture this launch, or stay till the ice breaks up, and take our chance of floating or of icing snaslhed.' ' You are right,' he exclaimed. ' Here is ll opportunity. If we wait, bergs may gather about this point and buill us in. As to this island dissolving, we are yet to know which way 'ti heauling. Suppose it should be travelling south, hey i' HIe struck the ice with his spear, and we tailed up the slippery roclks with ditti:culty to the ship. We walked past the bows to the distance of the vessel's length. Iere were many deep holes and cracks, and as if we were to to taught how these canne about, even whilst we were viewing thenlt an.. -splitting crash of noise happenotl wiW twenty fathoms of ius, a rock many tons itnweight rolledover, andleft a black goilf behind it. . The lFrenchman started, muttered, anti crossed himself. Hloly Virgin !' he cried, rolling his eyes. ' Let us return to the schooner. We stull be swallowed up here.' I own I was nott a little terrified myself by the sudden loud blast and the thunder of the uprooted rock, anl the night of the huge block rent ; but I meant to view the scene from the top, and to conaider how best to dis pose of the powder in the cracks, alld said, 'There is nothing to le done on bxotrd; skulking below will not deliver us or preservo the treasure. lere are several fiasures big enough to receive barrels of gunpower. S?., Mr. Tassurd, as they stand they cover the whole width of the hollow.' And I proceeded to give him my ideas as to lowering, fixing the barrels, and the like. Hio nodlded his head, and said, ' Yes, very good ; yes, it will do,' and so on; but was too seared in his heart, I believe, to see my full moaning. HIl was perpetually moving, as if he feared the ice woldd split under his feet, and his eyes travelled over the face of the rocks with every manifestatiot of ularnr in their expression. I wondered how so poor a: reaturo should ever have had stunltcht enough to serve its a a pirate ; no doubt his spirit hadul he enfeebled by his long sleep ; but then it in also true that tihe greatest bullies anld nosat blohtdthirsty l'rogues pr1l)VO themselves despicable ours unlder condltions whiuh mlako no deniatnd upon their temniper or their lust for plunder. HIo would have returned to the ship had I enoauraged hint, but oi seeing tie start to climb to the brow he followed. The pltrospeli disappointed meo. I hail expected to witness a variety of ntrprising changes, lbut south ward the scene was scarce altered. It weas a. wondtrfully fair nmoruig, the sky clear front seao-line to sea-line, and of it very soft blne, the ocean of it like lute, with it high swell runnting, that was a niujestic undulation even from the height at which I surveyed it. The stan stood over the ice in the north-cast, tuand the dazzle kept nitu weeping, so intolerable was the effulgence. Haldf of the delicate architecture that had enriched the slopes and surfaces that way was swept down, iantd ice lay piled in places to all elevatiou of Illnuy feet, where before it had been flat or hollow. fowever, there walls 110o question but that the gale had played havot with the north ex tremity of the island. I countted no less thiat twenty bergs floating of the main, and it was quito likely the sea was crowded beyond, though my sight could not travel so far. However, whvlen I ceant to look close, anld to recollect the feahttren of the shore its they showed when 1 first landedl, I foundl som vital changes near at hand. \Vhere my haven had been thelico had given way and left ia gap Ihalf a mile tal d tuda huilied feet deep, The full oi the ctshollcnr's starlotrnl quartter was very heavy, and the ieo was split in all lirecotons; andi in palrts wits so loose lthat ta point of cliff hural upon the sea rocked with the swell,. Wihen Taasiril came to it stand holooked aboutihiit north and soutlh, shtulitng his eyes with his hald, and then swaturitig very rsavagely in.l,'retnch, he cried out in English, freely eltmploying oaths ias lie spokeu- W hy, here's its much ice as there was before 1 fell asuleep ! So yonder ' pointing to tile south. i ft dies out in the distance. If it.does not join tile polo there, imray the d?all rise bImfitr ino its Ilrpeak. Thunder and. firy I I hall hoped to see it shrivelled to an .rdinary berg !' W lt iI in week Y' cried I, an if I be lieved his stupor hadt not Isted longer. .!-it returtled no antswer, and gaped aboat Iirt full of conternationl and passion; '.And are we to wait for our deliverance till this continent breaks uip!' he bawled. 'The day of jtudgient will be a thing of the ,patt by that tiome. Travelling north I adathl i he roared, his mtouth full of the ex plotives of hit daty, French and English. ' Who bat a mubthan could suppose that this ice is not as fixedl. ts the antarctic circle to which it it moored I Why, six months ago it was no bigger than it is now I' And ho sentn a furious, terrified - gaze into the wlite soli tudes vanishing in azure faintness in the south-weat. It was not a thiing to reason upon. I was as much disappointed an lie by trilling chtiages the gale had made,! and my heart felt very heavy att the sight of the great field diap peiamng in the siouth. fThe bergs itn the north signified little. It in te ttehey intli eated demolition, bIat dcoaotition sot shIw tts to be worthless to n s. It was ntot uhto bqies tioned that the islandl was proceeding noirtlh, btt ttwllat rit I IIere, perlhals, might l ?e a fouzeit uresett of forty or fifty leagues ; Iitdl at what spceed, ppreciable enough to be of tile leant coni?olslence to our calculationls, shotdl sticht a body travel ? I looked at the Frenclhman. .' T ids'mtst decile us sl' ait I. ' We must. fix on Oneo of two otltues-- endeavour to nunch the slip by bltwieig up the ice, or turn to and rag up the bIest iarratgment we canc contrive and put to sea.' ' Yes,' he answered, tiowling an hel darted his ourtged cyes over the eice. 'Better set a slow- mitch in the rtrgazinie and drink our selves s1noselless, atrd so bllow ourselves to hIell, thatl lin.ger here it the hope that this continent will ,lissolve antd release us. WVhiero's Mlendoiat's odly ?' I sttlred itoutt mueant tthen pointing to the huge gapi tihe ice liuld lltade, tlsnwersl, It was there. Whelre it is now I know inot.' Ie sihruggetll his ih toulderes, tik another view of thie it'e ant tut lt,,ettan, aitd then cried imlptileotly, 'Let us rettrn ! the pIowder brrels tulltlt ihave thit first hattncee.' And ho mtnade for the uthooner, oat gely striking the ice withl his sipear atIt growtling eurrs to timsielfas hiplu phghel.htdlelimbtln and jutmtped hit watey altg. (TO n. consurl:¢ru.) 