TALE. No Robbery. i. Mrs. Cbristio's was anything but an un pleasant houso, nnd tho peoplo who wore staying in it woro anything but unpleasant. My preconceived notion had beon that tho folks ono would meet in a boarding-houso were of a doubtful sort ; at tho best it seemed inevitable that thero would hn nooial cats purring inquisitively and trcucuurously nil about. So it was a wolcomo surpriso to find tho houso so difforont from my anticipa tions. . Mrs. Christie hersolf I know but slightly. She was tho widow of a mining engineer who had done good service to our family in my father's days. Sho had sot up a boarding .establishment in llussoll street, and whoa it happened that. I had to go up to town to consult my old college friend Marton, now a barrister, about some business, instead of putting up at my usual quarters, I went, at my mother's rcquost, to Mrs. Ohristio's, not without some misgivings about the wis dom of tho stop I was taking ; but I thought that anyhow it would bo a now oxperienco ; and that was just what it did prove to bo eventually. Tho company was mado up of nn Indian army dootor nnd his daughter, sho boing a damsel fair to look upon ; two Bpinstors from Shropshire ; a west country parson and his wifo; Mrs. Christie's nophow, a olork.ina bank ; myself, and a couple about whom no ono know anything — savo Mrs. Ohristio, and sho not much — but whom ovcry ono ullovcd to bo tho most charming and delightful peoplo they had mot for mimy a day. Mr. and Mrs. Walcot had travelled muoli, and woro evi dently woll road, but tlioy neither weariod one's cars with tho glories of Capri orGranada, nor pestered you with talk about books. they had read and you hadn't ; they mado no dis play, and though brilliant conversationalists, thoy woro just tho pleasant kind of people in whoso company you could sit without want ing to talk at all. Ho. was a tall sparely built man, wnll sot up, with regular features, a man of fine bearing, yet not quite like a soldier ; sho was hardly so distinguished looking as her hus band, hardly so handsomo ; her features just missed regularity, but oyes and mouth had a fascinating piquunoy of expression which mado her tho most attractive woman I had over mot ; I thought so then, and I think bo still, though I have considerably extended my ox , perienco sinco thoso days when my mother guarded her fledgling against tho attacks, rapaoioun or insiduous, of ovory breed of harpr. But tho moat ploasing trait in this couple was that, though so plainly devoted to ono another, and satisfied with their own company, they were not wholly oaten up with mutual admiration : their nature seemed to have a sympathetic) feoling that moulded it self to suit tho dispositions of thoso around, without sacrificing its own individuality. No ?wonder all liked thom ; I was particularly grateful for their courtesy, not being blessed inoither looks or stylo ; I had unfortunately inherited my mother's manner and my father's face ; had it been tho other, way about, I should doubtless have proven tho social suc cess whioh. I was painfully conscious that I was not. And it must havo been out of puro good nature that thoy wero so friendly, for I had mndu it a point with Mrs. Christie — whether sho kept her promise* I don't know — that sho should Bay nothing to her guosts about Earnshaw Hall, or tho mines, or tho plate and pictures, or my mother's famous diamonds, or the glories of a country houso that women love. Tho only ono who did not tako kindly, to thom was Marton. .On tho, Thursday uftcr wo had oonoluued our business I prevailed on him to dine with mo at Mrs. Christie's, and I romomhor' noting how ovory ono seemed to bo at liis or her best ; oven Mnrton's sovero fea tures relaxed, and ho showed himself almost moro than courteous to tho Indian girl, bo tween whom and ono of tho Shropshire* spir - stershowas sitting, ovidently well satisfied with his environment, as he owned when I was ' sotting him back,' as thoy say in tho North, to his chambers, ' but1— but ? ' ? J3ut mo no buts ; what is wrong now f ' ' Why, thoso peoplo to whom you have taken so violently, tho Walcots.' ' What about them, Mr. Censor ?' ' Thoy givo mo an uncomfortnblo feeling ; not that thoy look uncanny, but. I am haunted by tho ghost of somo forbidding rcminisccnoo, as if I had seen that woman's oyes before — and I am Buro 1 havo — but whon or where I cannot recollect ; and I am equally suro thoy wero connected with something shady — what that, too, was I cannot bethink mo : a hazy, indefinite recollection it was, Vut ono that clung- to mo all tho while' ' May I suggest dyspepsia P too hard work indoors, too little exercise.' ' v - Mnybo you nro right, but do you, too, uso a pinch of caution in cementing your now friendship. Good- night.' II. A few evenings beforo I went home, as 'Walcot and I wero in tho smoking- room, I BBkod him if ho would not .bring Mrs. Wnl cofc down to Earnshawfor a few days. It was near .the end of. May, .thoMay-fly fish- ing would bo on during tho noxt ten days, ' . so that there would'bo nomathing to do bo , side scolng tho country, , whioh wis magni fioent; there woro a few show places for thoso who eared for. thom,,. and ,tho .honson was in its prime for ? drivos' ovor the TilUs; I put forward all tho attractions of the plaoo to induce him to come down ; I could eco that Mrs. Walcot could hit it off with ir.y not-too-pasily pleated mother, especially bo causo being married sho could not possibly bo a tir-?n, and tlio man had plenty to talk about, yet never tired ono with talking of him self. I was rather surprised then when ho hesitated about accepting an invitaion so un reservedly given. Why should ho stammer, and, I thought, positively blush and hesituto about so simple a matter, especially «s at first ho seemed eager to come, for hia face had lighted up cheerily, but was obscured dirootly afterward by a gloomy look, almost oiio of sadness. There was certainly a tone of distress in his voice as hu said, ' l'cu aro very kind. I and my wife — I know I can Fpeak for her — should greatly liko to como northward, but it is scarcely possible.' This umo with moro warmth of desire, to accept tho invitation than depth of conviction about its impossibility. After eomo further pressure, evidently yiolding, at lust ho said : 1 You aro really eo friendly, that it would bo no less ungrateful than ungracious to keep buck from you tlio real reason why we shrink from what promiees to bo so pleasant a visit ; and what we havo seen of you in tho past week frees mo from any doubt that you will not lot whut I tell you go further than your eelf. My wife, to whom, as you know, I am devotedly attached, has a sad ailliction. Until her illness two years ago, thoro was not ii traco of what wonld now make her lifo an intolerable burden woro nho not sup ported by our strong mutual affection and confidence. After that illness sho dovelopcd kleptomania. Till then tho most scrupulously honeet and precisely oxaot woman I havo over known, nIio now has a strango passion for secreting, not anything and everything, but only jowollory — strangoly her ailment only runs in this groove. By keeping a striot watch, I have hitherto been fortuuuto enough to restore whatever trinkets sho lias surrep titiously removed. A few intimates only know of our trouble, and, as they understand how tilings aro, wo feol loss unhappy ; still ono is uu.xious, and this is why wo havo rather shruuk from accepting tho many invit'itious wo recoivo from tho f rioads who, wo boliovo, havo a genuino regard for us.' ' I thick you might reckon mo among them,' said 1, ' and now that I know and am, bo to speak, forowarned, why should you hesitate ? I could tell my mothor what you havo told mo boforo you como, unloss' — so.o- ing something of a doubt in his face — 'you would rather I didn't.' 'To toll tho truth,' ho said, after a pause, ' if tho knowledgo could bo confined to your self I think it would bo better. Possibly thero may bo no troublo whilo wo uro with you— I am assuming that you would still bo willing to have us— and then thero would bo no need to havo thus bared our wounds.' ' Very woll ; if anything does lmppon wo shall find it out, and you can Bond buolc what ovoria taken, and then loan oxpluinit all to ray mothor; and if nothing is taken, nobody will bo any tho wiser. You »eo, too, that Mrs. Walcot need not know anything about my mothor'a jewels.' 1 Pray, aro thoy very valuable or attrao tivof ' Both ; and my mothor is rather carr less, as I think, about these treasures, whioh aro chiefly diamonds ; ulio will kcop thom in a cabinet in her boudoir — tho last place, she says, whero a hurglur would search, if ono could get in : tho windows look out on tho olifE over tho river and our servants aro trustworthy. Sho cays sho will not havo them long, and wo must indulge an old woman's whims. Still wonccdnotparado them or even speak of them at all boforo Mrs. Walwt.' ' Yes,' said ho, looking relieved, ' that will bo boat ; wo will not lot her know of their existence. And now that you understand all, I shall bo happy to bring my wifo ; only, by tho way, don't brontho a wordtomndame to intimato to her that you know what I havo just told you ; for, if sho nven suspected you Know, nothing on earth would induco her to como northward.' ' So bn it. My mother will write — lot mo ceo, this is Tuesday — you'll got her invitation on Thursday, so that you can accept and como down, if it suits your convouicuco, on Saturday ; then oun rruiiTfomcnts will fit in.' 'rST A fow leaves from my diary : ' Friday, May 30th.— M.wroto to tho Wal cots ; marvellously civil. Wnlcots choory at dinner, evidently- pleased with tho prospect of visit: especially M. hud not forgotten to invito ' Venus.' ' Saturday, 31st. — Down by 10 a.m. express' Wonder of wonders, M. at station -with pio liald ponios ; but she takes inarvollously to Mrs. Walcot. Two days' rain. Thoro'll bo good water to-morrow, of course, when wo mayn't fish. 'Sunday, Juno 1, — Lively as usual, but tako tho Walcots up tho glen in tho ovoning to my favourite spot. Mr. Wulcot is onrap turecl with tho plaeo. ' Moudy, l-ud. — Off in tho drizzlo ti- fish. Really a good day, thirty-four braco of trout. Wnloot not half n bad hand. Havo to leavo the women-kind at homo ; hope they won't got into mischief. ' Tuesday, 3d — A really good day, fifty thrco braco and threo sea- fish. M. drives Mrs. Walcot over tho hill to seo tho mines. ' Wednesday, 4th— Sessions. M. drives tho Wulcots to Ulleswater. At dinner tnlegram for Wulcot. Says thoy, or tit least ho, must go early to-morrow. M. wants him to leavo maJamo till Saturday. Sho consents kcoping Venus. Tho dog's useless as a guard ;hoard tho beast unufnng in tlio corridor during tho night. ' Thursday, oth — Vbnus rambling again ; heard her when stable elook struok o. Wnlcot goes. Stroll in woods all morning ; teach Mrs. Walcot to fly fish in afternoon. ' Friday, o'th — Much nsyest irdny, but fish with Mrs. Walcot in morning. Drivo after lunch. ' Saturday, 7th— SeoMrs. Wnlcot off at 11. Dreadfully dull day. Hopo Marton anyhow won't disappoint mo ; ? io's suro to como as I asked him, now the Walcots havo gono. ' Sunday, 8th — As per usual ; yet I sur vive ' Monday, Oth — Hero's a ntrango matter : Wnlcot writes that after all sho did tako my mother's diamonds ; luckily ho found it out immediately on her arrival, and has sent heavily insured by train from Le&mington; to Pcnrith to wait thero, not wanting to attract attention nt Earnsbuw by a registered packet of that sizo coming by post. Drivo to Pen ri'.h, find parool, mighty thankful to got dia monds, quietly replaced in tho cabinet. By greatest luck M. hud never discovered thoir absence ' By tlio way, how did Mrs. Walcot know about tho diamonds p Walcot would not tell her, of course. Suppooo sho nnd tho mater got talking, and thoy musthavo been exhibited ouo of thoso days wo wero fishing. Can't auk M. ; mtiBt wait, I mipposo. Perhaps tho poor thing felt tho beginning of tho craving, itnd concealed her knowledgo fiom her hus band ; or, just possibly, didn't seo thom till ho had gono. Howover, all's well that ends woll. IV. Had all ended woll ? The night after Mar ton camo ho mado mnny inquiries, ovor our pipes, ubout tho Walcots, and still seemed to mvonn unucoountablo prejudice against them. It was co good to show how much my mothor, ajso, thought of him, and how taking, yot aimplo, his wifo was, till at last I grow quite warm in dofonco of my now frionds, and for proof positivo told Marton in what a straight forward way Walcot had informed mo of lug wife's failing, and how quickly ho had taken pains toremedy whathad happened. Marten intoned very qmotly to my arguments with his sphinx-liko face, ?which, only as I con cluded, relaxed into a grim smilo almost moro aggravating than hisformer imponotra oility. 'What on oarth makes you look liko that?' t said, a triflo hotly. ' Dear boy,' said Murton, dryly, ? if I told you, you would only bo moro angry than you uro now, eo whut's thu good r' 1 Nuy, out with it. I know I'm inclined to obumpion my friends; but I should not, you may bo sure, if I had not tho fullest con lidenco in them.' 'That is 'plain for all men to seo,' and you will bo annoyed if I Bpenk out, but I'll ris-k that, for your wrath will soon blow over. My thoughts como to this ; I am not euro thero is not something wrong about thoso diamonds.' ' Wrong ! how could thero possibly bo f' ' I haven't analyzed tho thing oloar by yot. Havo you examined tho stones carefully sinco you got them back?' ' To tell tho truth, I never thought of it ; only just opened tho case and luid them in the cabinet us quickly and quietly as possi able. But whut could havo happened to thom ? Mrs. Walcot only left hero on Satur day, and the diamonds woro buck on Mon day. Whut could havo gono wrong iu that titno ?' ' Nothing in that timo, cortainly, but — ' 'But what?' ' Don't bo hasty. I was thinking — By tho way, havo thoso stones boon Been by an export jowoller lately ?' ' Yes, not two months ago. Somo fasten ing hud como loos'o when wo wero in London, and my mother took them to Eoskoll's ; I was with her and remember what tlio man said of them.' ' I'll ask one thing of you, then. Lot us havo thoRO diamonds examined. If thoro is anything wrong, it is full timo you should know. If they aro all right you will hovo a legitimate crow ovor mo, and you may crow as loud as ovor you liko.' I still felt provoked with Martou, but hero was a chance, indeed a certainty, of proving his fluspiciens unfounded, and showing that oven tho astuto Marton was not infulliblo, so I consented mow rcidily than I should othor wiso havo done. ' All right, but how aro wo to'get thom away to bo looked at without myvmother's knowing?' \ _ 'Bring a man over from Ponrith )-t Car lislo when Mrs. Easton is out, and ostensibly for somo other purpose.' And this was what was dono. Tho man for whom I sent had moro knowledge, as I know, than most local jewellers, und was safo. Ho came tho noxt afternoon, and, while my mother was paying a oull, examined ''ho paruro with Marton and myself. To my un utterable confusion and horror, ho pronounced tho stones no stones at all, but paste, and not very good paste, eithor. V. Marton did not laugh now ; ho was too much concerned about my obvious distross and annoyance. To find one's idols so utterly shattered was a Htunning blow ; but I had to arouso myself, for thero wero others to be considered. What on earth was to bo dono ? Tho original stones woro worth many thou sands of pounds ; I did not liko that loss, but tho prospect of my mother's troublo, when tho truth becamo known, voxed mo infinitely moro. 1 Anyhow,' said Marten at last, ' lit us keep it quiotfor tho present. I havo no doubt Mr. Bjiwsthorno will Bay nothing about it to any one.' Itawijthorno, whom wo had known for yoars, promised silenco, and I am Buro ho kept his promise. After ho had gono Marten said: ' I don't know exactly what mado mo sus pioious, except tho conviction thatl'vo seen that woman boforo and in connection with something that wasn't oxactly straight. True, thoro was not time to got thoso Btonoa changed botwoen tho Saturday, the day Mrs. Wulcot loft Eamshaw, and tho Monday when rou got thom back. But how if it wusn't Mrs. Walcot at all who took them on tho Saturday, but ho on tho — which day did ho go f Wednesday?' ' No ; on Thursday by an early train.' ' Woll, if ho took thom on tho Thursday, ho could got them changed by tho Saturday night ; no doubt ho had tho falso ones ready, or somowhoro within easy reach — Birming- ham, most likely ; ho posted them, you said, in Leamington.' 'But how could thoy havo (jot tho dia monds ?' I mado ono moro slrugglo in my unwillingness to boliovo. ' I don't think that thoy wnrn out of our sight ut ull, except por haps when dressing for dinner, nnd at that timo my mother would hcraolf bo dressing in tho next room with tho intervening door open; and when they went to bed.' ' Ah 1 wero they iu bed all night? Your bod-room is noxt tho boudoir; did you hear any ono onter or any Bound ?' 'Nothing; I clcop soundly — by tho way, yes but I did. I heard that wrotchod Venus snuffing about, and I toidMrs. Walcot in tho morning that Venus was not; muoli to depend on for a guardian, tho oroaturo rambled about 60.' 1 What did sho say ?' 1 Nothing that I remombor.' ? Bo suro ho got hold of thom then, and took tho dog either to givo warning or to af ford an excuse if ho wero found at that sido of tho houso by saying, tao dog had slipped out and _ ho had followed to find her. A pretty pieco of work you will havo to get them buck. If you go lit him straight ho will dccluro the stones aro as ? his wifo brought them, and that you are not noting as u gentleman should — that is whero ho will havo you— in suggesting that they havo changod them. So ofton husbands havo sold their wives' diamonds and substituted paste that ho can eusily insinuate that you have had them changed yourself to spend on larks without tho mater, your agent, your banker, or nny ono being tho wisor, and ho will say you havo taken advantngoof what ho told you as a trusted friend ; ho can mnko out a spo ciouB caso, and a mun of that stamp can in vent other fictions hardly less annoying. Mrs. Wnlcot etuid nlono with you, I think you said, from tho Thursday till tho Saturday. I supposo you don't mind spending a hundred or two over tho business if you can only ro covorthem?' 1 Certainly, and twicoas much for tho thing novor to havo happened. I can hardly por suado myself ovon now that thoy could bo guilty of buoli knavery.' Marton faid no moro, but laid hold of a Bradshaw and dispatched a telegram, tho reply to which gavo a plausible oxouso for his going oft tho noxt morniu-r,rand sinco I w.is too unoomf ortnblo to rest quietly at homo, I said I would go with him for three or four days. But thero wan another thing to bo done ; tnko tho trinkets with us wo must, yot wo could not tuko them without _ my mother's knowledge. Marton's readiness and decision solved tho difficulty. Ho asked mo to show him the jewels : ho then deliberately snupped a bit of tho sotting, so that two of tho stones wero loosoned. I stared in umazemout, but ho simply said ' Wait,' and put tho caso baok in thu cabinet. After dinner, as it was a rainy evening, Murton lnudo as though ho wnntcd to bo amused, nnd OBkcd my mothor, liko a spoilt child, to bo allowed to look at hor diamonds for a treat. Sho was rather sur prised at such frivolity on Iho part of tho sedatoand Btorn Marton, but of coursohad them brought. As soon as tho caso was opened, and sho becamo awaro of tho acci dont, my mother was loud in her lamentations und had no thought about anything except how tho misfortune, had happened, and what was to bo dono ; biit bIio was somewhat paci fied when Marton suggested that wo should take thom up to town in tho morning and get tho mischief remedied. I wtah I hud that man's promptitudo and norvo. Tho noxt night paw us in oloso conferonco with a dotoctivo— I hate thooo crawling orea turcx, but thoro was no choice — and wo ro viowod tlio situation. Whero woro tho Wnl - cots? Sinco tnoy would doubtless brazen it out if directly ohullouged, they would pro bably not bo specially anxious to conceal thoir whereubouts. Thoy had Kpokcu of ro turning to Mrs. Ohriatio' s for a eouplo of days and thon visiting somo friends beforo going over to Paris, so Mrs. Christie would proba bly bo able to inform us whero tlioy wero. Had thoy tho stones with thom ? Wo guessed so, and that theso stones woro Jo bo disposed of across tho ohunnel. So no timo was to bo lost ; if they went beyond seas, good-by to our chance of recovering them. How on earth were they over to bo got hold of ? VI. (Letter from Mr. John Dene.) ItairsTON, Juno 18, 1880. Sin : On loaviug you after receiving your instructions, I Btarted for this place, tho nearest station to Lythe Court. Thoro is likoly to bo considerable difficulty in gotting a foothold at tho Court, but I decided to mnko my approches us a groom changing his place and taking a fow day's hoh'day in tho neigh bourhood, having lived as a boss at New market, and knowing considerable about horses. Not to tako up too much time in tho telling, I may say I was soon at home thore, and made free of tho servants' hall, whoro by means of a civil tonguo with tho upper servants, and a chirpy manner with tho maids, being also ablo to sing a lively song, if called upon, I becamo friondlv with the lot, so could consider who was likely to bo useful, and learn tho ways of tho visitors. X found Mrs. Walcot didn't huvo no maid with hor ; tho housekeeper's nioco, who was visiting her aunt, lady's-maided hor ; but sbb was no good, nervous, and no spirit about hor. There was1 a middling lot of ser vauts, what with tho visitors, but at last I fixed on ono, »ir, as you might think. Sho was an Indian woman — a nur«o, uyah, thoy call thom, to thu nieces of the mistress, Mrs. Hamilton, us had como from India in tho spring. Sho was uncommon dark, rather email, but hud a firmish look about hor mouth and her beudiah black oyos missed nothing. I guessed she would not stick at Iriflea, aud would know as woll as most our common language, whioh was pounds, shillings, ponce, and it scorned best to lubiicato tho machinery freuly. When wo had como to an understand ing how I wanted something dono particu larly quiet, I told hor who I was und what I was* after, aud how this eouplo was supposed to bo in possession of tho stones known to huvo boon changed. I wanted her to find out if thoy had tho stones with thorn, and if so to got thom into hor hands, changing thom if possible for tho falso onos, but unyhow getting tho stones. And I promised a sove reign down on tho nail for ovory stone, big or little, and there was known to bo 157. You flhould havo seon hor oyes glisten whon I told hor how much it was in their monoy_, rupeos, and when I showed hor tho bag of shiners. I proposed wo should protend to bo keeping company, and thon wo should havo nothing to bother usbut thoothoro' chaff. Sho caught ondireotly. That same night sho told mo in tlio shrub bery bIio had discovered that Mrs. Walcot dressed early for dinrer, and always looked her trunks boforo coming down, and carriod the keys in her pookot ; the littio dog Venus slept iu tlioir room ; tlioy locked tho room door regularly overy night, nnd thoro was a small revolver in her dressing-bag. Tho first supposition was that the stones if thoy had them at all, wore in their trunks. Tiiis 1 mnoh doubted ; BtiU'tho scaroh had to bo mado, and to do tins either tho locks must bo pioked or Mrs. Walcot's koy bo got hold of ; tlio former alternative scorned harder, as tho loci's would probably bo well made, but it would tako less timo than waiting to seouro tho keys, and timo was an object. Accord ingly I put into tho ayah's handB a bunch of skeleton keys to try her luck with tho locks, and if they offered no resistanco, to overhaul tho trunks that night whilo thoy woro at din ner. This venture was successful in ono way but not in another. Tho woman's stilled fin gers mastered tho locks, but thero were no diamonds. 'Plonty of pretty things,' sho said, ' but no diamonds' ; sho hud tho wit to boo if tho trunks had any secret receptacle. I told hor to oxamino the high heols of her shoos, the thick ivory hair- brushes and all coils of hair, but it was no uso. Then ho or sho carriod them about. Whioh? Sho for choice, brcauso if found on her it could bo attributed to Kleptomania, which wouldn't apply to him. J3esidps tho com plications of u woman's dress uft'ord hiding places which tho secrotiveness of her char uctor dclightB in. Concluding, then, that pho had thom ubout hor, wo had these difficulties to countcraot : 1\. Tho presonoo of her husband. 2\. Tho littio dog. 3\. Tho looked door. 4\. Tho revolver. ; 5\. Finding tho whereabouts of tho stones, (J. Getting them. , An hour's quiet walk in tho lano settled my ,pluns. I concluded that tho buriuoss must bo dono at night, if it wero to bo dono without resorting to yiolent moasuros, nnd 1\. Tho husband must be got away for ono night. 2\. Venus must boj dosed with a soporific (and her mistress, too, if necessary) . 3\. I knowjhow to overcome this. 4\. Tho mechanism 'must bo disarranged or tho cartridges damped. 5 and G depended on tho skill and norvo of tho ayah. And the stops I decided to tako with re gard to caoh particular woro these ; 1\. To got tho husband off tho ground, ho must bo summoned away elsowhithcrto by a telegram: but from whom, so that ho would boliovo it gonuino und aot on it P I sot Sn fiyab, that was her name, to watoh tho let ter-bag — not that ho was vory likoly to in trust unytUng important to that, whiob any ono might soo — und then strolled down to piok up what scraps of information I could by hook or crook at tho Post- office. And hero I had a fino pieco of luck. As I entered tho offioo, whom should I seo but Mr. Wal cot himBelf, just handing in a telegram. What's this numo ? Bnrrott, is it ?' asked tho official. ' Yes, it's plain enough,' was tho reply in a sharp tono of annoyance. 'B, a, r, r, =, double t,' slowly spelt t.bo unmoved operator, 'and aro theso letters E. C. ?' 'Yes, can't you read?' replied Mr. Walcot, vory wrathfully. ' E. C ropeated tho man in tho samo monotonous way as boforo ; ' affix tho stamp, please' This was tlio last straw. 1 ? you,' said my gontleman, aud quittod tho office, slamitnng tho door ; tho telegraph mun had to lick the stamp himself. That wasn't my business, though I'd havo licked a hundred stumps for tho information I hud got. Returning at once to my rooms, I wrote to a friend I ofton work with to send this messago without fail noxt day from somo oilico in tho. E. 0. district : ' To Walcot, Lytho Court, Kempston. Moot mo ut tho Grand 10 to-night. Barrett' ; and I also asked him to dispatch this at 0 :30 next night: 'Walcot, Grand Hotel, Trafalgar Squaro. Had to go Buddenly, Paris. Barrott.' I should thus got Walcot away, and too late for him to return that night ; ho would como back noxt day without having his sus picions unduly roused, and without hunting up Barrett, whoover ho was, supposing him off for France. I guessed ho would tako tho bait, because bo seemed riled at any ouo hearing Barrott' s namo in tho telegraph office. I warned my co-oporator by wiro to oxpoof an important letter. 2\. Half a dozen drops of laudanum in a bit of chicken at 8 p.m. would sottlo Venus comfortably for tho night, and two or threo in madam's cocoatina would bo just enough ?to maku hor sleep rathor hoavily. 5\. I told tho ayah tt» bring mo tho ltoy of tho bed-room door at 7:-15, when tbo guests would havo sat down to dinnor. I had dealt with suoh beforo. Every key of this kind hus a solid stom ending in u knob or boss vertic ally in a slit an oighth of lin inoh deep, mak ing it liko a sorow. By insorting a small sorow-drivor or broken penknife in tho slit, it wus possiblo to mako tho koy rovolve, and open tlio door; in tho samo way tlio bolt might bo shot back again and tlio door re loofted, und apparently ull bo jrist as boforo. Of course tho lock should bo oilod so as to work easily. Most people think it Biifor to lauvo tho koy in tho look, but this is no good if tho key has bcon filed liko tho ono I hold and it nevor occurred to Madam o Walcot to examine hers* 4\. With a hypodermio syriago whioh Sa fiyah hunted up— it belonged to ono of the fino ladies — I injected a fow drops of water through tho papor sheath of onuh cartridge tho revolver held. They woro safo enough now. All theso points woro duly dealt with ; in tho first only did wo risk muoh, but our ohunces wero as good as tlio'enemy's, and us yot tho enemy wero uususpcoting. As fivo and six did not depone! on mo I oould not wuit ; but I rolied on tho ayuh ; tlicro was a look about her Blonder brown fingers that reminded mo of wonderful talcs of Indian jugglery. I wanted hor to tako somo chloroform in caso of accident, but she despised this. Noxt morning, soon after sunriso, bIio met mo in our usual walk in tho shrubbery with a calm faoo, but in roply to my inquiry : 'WhatluokP' unfastened hor headgear and poured into my hat whut looked in tho bright early sunshino liko a sbowor of sparkling dew drops. I said not a word till I had counted out into her hands 157 sovereigns ! and when sho bud stowed thorn away 1 asked for tho history of hor advonturo. This sho told mo at length, but I don't give it hero, for sho has to tako tho children to London to-morrow, to moot somo other relations, and as sho will stay at tho Arundel ut the Embankment, no great way from tho Temple, I thought you, sir, might liko to see her yours elf and hear tho talo from her own lips, Sho had hardly ondod when sho hoard a window upon above, and pooring up through tho screen of leaves saw tbofaco Mrs. Wulcot looking bright uurl frosli iu tho early morning light. I'm a hard man, but still I could not holp feoling sony for her, decoivor though she was, when I thought how much on tho wrong sido of tlio balaneo her accounts were likoly to make up. I shall return by the mid-day oxpro33, and bring tlio diamonds to your chambers in tho afternoon. — I am, sir, your obedient servant, Joun Dene. Sydney Marton, Esq , Tomple, London. P.S. — Wo wero only just in timo. I hoard at the Court this afternoon, whero I strolled so us not to scorn to leavo hurriedly, thut Mr. Walcot was coming down by mid-day and thoy aro off to Puris on Friday. J. D. VII. ' Well,' said Marton, as ho folded up Dono's report, ' I supposo that is about tho end of tho business, oxcopt interviewing tho man nnd gotting tho diamonds ; it is to bo hoped that tho aupple-nngorod Iudiun has'nt tricked Deno aftor all and kept tho genuine artiulos herself. By tho way, I should rather liko to hour whut tho woman hus to toll us. Stop down';\viHi mo to tho Aruudol, and wo will try to' find.' I did not muoh caro to hoar anything moro about the abominable business ; but as Mar ton seemed to wish it, and I was so indebted to him in tho matter, I smothered my disin clination and went. Safiyah was not hard to find, and this is tho talo sho told us : ' As soon as I hoard the gontlemen dispcrso from tlio smoking-room and tho houso at last bogan to bo still, I crept down-stairs and quietly sat down in tho window seat nt tho southern nnglo of tho corridor. I had taken care to opou the casement beforo, and tho night wus perfectly culm, so that I could catch whatever sounds oamo from Mrs. Wal opt's roomj, us they wero reached from tho opposite wall ; I heard her talk to hor dog Venus. 'Poor dear creaturo, what makes i so Hlcopyv then ?' (I could havo told her) ; I heurd her open aud slut with a oliok her tra velling bag, and Boon followod another hard metallic sound, which I guessed cumo from laying tho revolver on thD'UtUo-ujarblo tablo by thu bed-side ; I hcurd tho clinking ui spoony in her cup of coooatitia, then tho Hound o£ tho cup und saueor sot down ! thon ton minuto3 of shiiflling, then a long yawn — of which I was glad, for it meant drowsiness — tho light went ou4; ; but at this timo of year thoro is a dim lustre clear enough to seo by nil night. Soou all was still. I waited thero a full hour that hor slcop might bo satt'.cd and deep. Noxt I lbokoi to seo that all tlio doors in tho corridor.iworo closed, so that tlicro might be no draught to shut any of thom with an awakening bang, though as tho night was .calm, thero was littio ohanoo of that ; still it was woll to'bo on the safo sida. Then with tho small sorew-driver Mr. Dane g.iva mo I softly turned tho key, pushing baok against tho spring, but not relaxing my hold aftor the resistanco was overcomo, so that thoro was no sound ; then I turneditho handle, and us this liko allafc tho Court, was woll-fitted, it raudo no noiso ; Wch by inch I opened tho door, and at lust I stood iusido ; I had nothing with rao but tlio;,bug containing tho falso stones, a delicate V. feather, and my own skill and courage. ' I stood and considered. I could seo a littio nnd hear moro : tho dog was breathing heavily in hor basket near tho marblo tablo. Mrs. Wulcot Had hor face turned tho other way and was fast, asleep. Then I slipped round tho bed and obsorved tho sleeper. Ouo hand lay outsido coverlet, tho other was placed beneath tho choek and parted lips, but whether sho held any thiug could not be scon ; nor, as sho thou lay, could I pass my hand beneath tho pillow. And uow bogan my task. You huvo hoard of Indian thiovos, undhow, by making a sleoper toss ubout rostlossly, thoy can steal away tho very bod-clotheson whioh hois lyiuc. All this I know and many another tnok of band-cunning. ' And now, ono slightest touoh of tho tiny feather, sho moved her hoad ; anothor touch, her bund stirrod ; a third, her head turns half around, and, hold loosely in her fingers, ap pears in tho twilight a small leathern bag. Now for tho test of delicate skill ; hardly u brush, hardly moro than a funning of tho aurfuco of tlic id slondor fimrors, nnd tho hold roluxoa ; I tout l tho bag, tho treasure is mino — no, not yot — tho hand slowly begins tocloso again. Shall I suatoh tho prizo ? No ; suoh roughness is only for olumsy hands : lot bo awhile ; yot ono moro subtle stirring of that satm silk, the faintest rufllo ; her hand onco moro unolosos and romains uunloscd. Softly I grasp tho bag, untying tho thiok cord of silk, and bury it in my pookot, wero tho dia monds mako no sound as thoy fall ; thon, with drawing my bund, I unfusten tho othor b:ijf aud insert it in tbo neck of hers, smothering tho two in iny shawl us I reverse their position to drown tho noiso of the moving stonos. And now it is dono, thu silken t und is tioil again — still sho sleopspoacofully— and lastly I ropluco tho bag near her hand as it was boforo. Wus it a part of my natural cruelty, or tho prido of triumphant skill, that mndo moonoo moro touch her hand, which as it oponnd and reolosod uguin, grasped tho bug, to complete tho unhappy woman's docoption ? AU over now, save un easy retreat ; ouo look round to seo that no truces are left ; softly I open tho door, softly pass through, softly oloso it again. I go down tho stairs and pass out into tho cool night uir, whoro I walked in tho shrubbery till Mr. Deno cumo, and I gavo him the real diamonds. Ah, Sahibs,' sho added, ' you aro our musters, but you havo a great deal to learn from us.' viiiT ? But I had an oxporienco yot to como. Tho noxt morning Marton und I decided to finish tho business by tuking tho stonos, with tho sotting*, to bo roploood ; and whon that wus dono I vowed I would mako my mothor koop thom in a safo ; indeed, I had written tho tho night bolorcju) Gaskoll, thoagont, to order ono suitablo for tho wull in my mothor's boudoir. Wo weio just turning into tho jowoller's whon — gjod hoavons !-— whom should wo meotfaco to faco but— tho Waloots! I fltan. merod out something, and folt hot all over, and uttoly misorablo, hardly knowing wliothor I was standing on my heels or my bond : nnd thoy did not soom much moro at their enso, at leastMnrton said so afterward. Ho was ottlm und imperturbable, &ndnover;, ho said, enjoyed ii Hcoao so muohinhia lifo, though tho actors played thoir parts in a mannor that was beneath contempt. At last, after eomo of tho trito.st uud most trivial romorks, wo got _ disentangled uud managed to say 'good duy.' It was natural to mo to bo awkward at a crisis, but they wero peoplo of tho world ; presently, however, wo found what it wus thut hud disconcerted thom. Wo wero jiMt unfolding our business to tho jowoUor, sumo man who hud bo groatly udmired theBO stones a fow months boforo; ho rcmaiked how much moro fortunate wo wero in our possession than tlio lady and gontlom an who had just gono. 'How so?' asked Marton. 1 They wished to dispose of somb valuablo diamonds, thoy said, and wo woro not un willing to becomo tbo purchasers of roally good stones, but whon they untied tho littio leu them bag which contained thom and poured them on the counter, I saw at a glance that thoy woro not eiouuino stonos, and told them so. I havo nover Been peoplo moro sur prised or amazed. Ho muttered, ' Aftor all that troublo,' but, ebo hud not a word to utter, in f aot slio seemed dazed and stupefied. Pray, oan you toll mo, sir, who thoy aro, if I may tako tho liberty ; I think thoy spoko with you us you entered ?' ' Their name 1b Walcot, aud that is about all I can tell you.' ' And Gerard,' ho Bnid as wo departed, 'that was about onough ; to uny ono who knew them it spoko volumes, ay, wholo libraries, didn't it? Anyhow, I think wo havo bcou ' upsides' with thom, as thoy say in your country, this time.' Anil thought bo too. — John 1'tukw, in Jlclnravia. 