■ wit and humour. Ships that "Come Home'* to Us.— | Anexampfe of Lively Strife—The ghost of a joke Good Place to Spend All Fools Day in—The Scilly Isles. Monarchical Note—The Potent eight of the Hour i The Winning Crew. Bad Habits.—Mistress : What ever are you doing there in the rain, Bridget ? Maid: Shure, ma'am, Oi'm only hangin' out the clothes to dhry! "The Puff Direct."—Father : You young rascal, haven't I told you not to smoke? Son: Please, papa, rm not smoking: I'm keeping it alight for another boy. The Spirit of the Case.—Doctor : H'm—mouth parched, feel drowsy, and a bad headache. Symptoms of cold. Patient (who kuows better) : IS'o, doctor; symptoms of hot—with lemon and sugar. A nervous actor in a new piece once eaid to the lady whom he had to inter rogate, " Well, my dear, how old were you when your mother was born. ?" This is how Chopin " scored off " a millionaire, at whose house he bad dined. After dinner he was asked to play. " But I have had so little to eat!" replied Chopin. Mrs. Muggins, reading: Every man gets the wife that Heaven intended for hiin. Mr. Muggins, musingly : It must be true, then, that men are pun ished in this world for their sins. Little Florrie, being a guest of her grandmamma, had been liberally feasted, when a second dish of pud ding came ou. Looking at the steam ing dish, she exclaimed, with a sigh, "Grandma, 1 wish 1 was twins." Scene : Scotch steam-boat.—Sport ing Major: Hi, M'donald, did ydusee my mackintosh anywhere? M'Dou aid, thinking of the Major's gillie:] Iloch, ay, she's doon in tae kitchen lire, dryiu' hersel, wiss a gless o' whusky: A certain country newspaper has a compositor who is a treasure. " They would strain at a gnat an' swallow a camel" was the expression he had to set a short time ago, and this is how it appeared in print, " They would strain at a goat and swallow a canal." Not the Pig's Fault.—Wife: The 2'Jth February m shall celebrate our silver wedding. Don t you think we ought to kill the fat pig, and have a feast? Husband: Kill the pig? I don't see how the unfortunate animal is to blame for what happened twenty fire years ago. Two are Company.—Franz Abt was met by a friend as he was coming out of a restaurant. " You seem to have dine I well, remarked the gentleman. 'Tes," answered Abt, "the best of company—two—myself and a tur key." " Look at that, now," said an Irish man as, in company with a friend, he passed a couple of Italians who were engaged in animated conversation. " Well, what of it? They are talking to each other, nothing more." " Yis, but here's the wan thing Oi want to know." "What is that?" "How the devil can they tell phwat they're talkiu' about ?" WIIAT A WoMAlt SELDOM KNOWS : When to hold her tongue. How to dress on £20 a year as a 1 dv. Why men should have the best of everything. Where her money can have gone to. What people can see to admire in ker pretty neighbour. Why clubs were ever invented. What has come to the servants now adays. 