The Advertiser FRIDAY, JUNE 7, 1889. THE fourth session of the present Parliament was opened yesterday by his Excel lency the Governor. Almost all the busi ness done was formal. The speech was read and .re-read as usual, and It Is not nn&lr; criticism to say that the Governor's reading before both Houses having satisfied the languid cariosity of members who ex pected nothing and were not disappointed, Hn repetition ot tne dose, according to ancient custom, by the President In the Council and the Speaker in the Assembly, wasaaeveretrlalof patience and an abase of the good humor that ought to reign on such occasions. The election of sessional com mittees In the Lower House was In some degree a test of the strength of parties. Without laying undue stress upon the results of the ballot, It Is safe to assert that they were by no means favorable to the Government. Next week Ministers will be attacked In real earnest, and pre sent appearances warrant the conclusion that the assault will be successful, The Government, alike by Its past actions and Its proposals for the future, Is hopelessly discredited. Yesterday, In a prophetic mood, we offered a speculative forecast of the Governor's speech. Oar readers will ■cc this morning how nearly we ap proached the truth. " Don't prophesy unless you know" Is a sage piece of advice which the prudent ever respect. Such knowledge as that which helped as In oar vaticinations was gained from no secret sources of Information, for these had no existence, bat was derived from an appreciation- of the real character of the Ministry. Having this in view, we were satisfied that the Govern ment had made no effort to evolve a policy broad and statesmanlike In its proposals, and the event proves the soundness of the conclusion. The late "policy" meetings of the Cabinet were, as we suspected, a mere sham. There was not the least need of a clair voyant reporter to obtain a substantially accurate forecast of the* opening speech. Such an unseen Intruder would have be held little to Interest him. He might have heard anxious disca??lons as to the possibility of clinging on to office, but his observations of the process of policy-manufacture would have been pretty well exhausted by the spectacle of Ministers hard at work with scis sors and paste and the unearthed* and antiquated contents of dusty pigeon holes. Only the most Innocent of out siders have been misled into the supposi tion that the Government was engaged on Important original work. These maybe surprised that, in the phrase of Dr. Johnson's ghost, as raised by the brothers Smith, the product of the par turient mountain Is a musdpular abortion. But the pretence of great labor has not deceived the well-informed, and the de livery of the Ministerial " policy" yester day will not astonish, by the Insignificance of Its revelations, those who shrewdly guessed what a tame business the Ministry was really at. It Is possible that the Government thlnka any tiling will do for the last session of a Parliament. At any rate its so called policy appears to have been built up on that assumption. The architecture of the speech Is of the composite order, and in scarcely any of its features does It betray the least indication of originality. Excluding the purely historical passages, there is a musty flavor about It which proves that though the edlfica Is new most of the materials an old. The collection of relics Is certainly a varied one. Most of them we have often criti cised, and another Inspection of the museum is not now required- The work left over from previous sessions is some of It necessary, but a good deal had better be abandoned altogether. Ministers, even If they had the opportunity of presenting It, would find It hard to carry an Educa tion Bill which, In one respect at least, seeks to subvert a well- established prin ciple of the existing national system. Their familiar proposals to amend the electoral law teem with defects which we have pointed out In detail. The question of single-member constituencies Is to be virtually shelved for three yean by re ferring It fireti to a committee and next to the electors. This, perhaps, ia as good a way of getting rid of an unweloome fad aa even Ministerial opponents could devise; but, all the same, It Is a bit of original policy gone. Other members* in the list of deferred legisla tion—particularly the proposed amend ment of ttie law relating to the Northern Territory lands and the Municipal Cor porations BUl—wear a more respectable appearance. Whatever Government Is In power such old questions as these, as well as measures relating to merchandise mctks, fixe brigades, coroners, the law with regard to destitute persons and State children, architects, Local Courts, the game law, sparrows, and so on, will have to be taken off the shelf and dealt with. Some have on them the dost of years, having been laid aside while more urgent matters were discussed, but all need the attention that has been so long delayed. It Is all very well to bring np arrears, and we are told to be thankful for small mercies, But Is there to be no progress In legislation? Having glanced at what looks like the In ventory of a eort of political marine store, In the curious blending of large variety and small value In the secondhand goods displayed, let us consider what Ministers present as an adequate programme of new legislation for a great colony which Is struggling to get out of the old grooves, and to make a new start on bold pro gressive lines. We are to borrow for water conserva. vatlon, and that is good. But the pro mises on the subject are vague in the ex treme, ard that is bad. The Transconti nental railway is to be proceeded with, and that is good, but the proposal Is no novelty; it merely meana,the fulfilment of a- recognised national policy, to be carried forirard as rapidly as circum stances will permit. The omission of any scheme to further promote colonisation In a country of which the most pressing need Is population Is bad in the last degree. Here was a chance for statesmanship, and it has not been taken. We refuse to ( accept the Land Act of last year as the final contribution to the solving of this problem. It Is being .administered In a way to confirm the wont vice of the old system—the making It difficult for settlers to obtain land of their own at prices which will enable South Australia to compete with other new countries for the population all require. There la s sop In the speech for working men. The Employers' Liability Act Amwndnnftnt Bill, and measures to " better secnre workmen's wages due by sub contractors," and "to provide for the inspection of steam boilers," are offered for their conciliation. Mr. Ward's vote is angled for by the promise of introduc ing as a Government measure a Bill to abolish Imprisonment for debt. These are reforms which ought to be effected. In some small things the judgment of Ministers la dear, but great performances are beyond their scope. The argent ques tion of perfecting the colony's defences it b proposed to soh eby the desperate and, ■s we think, needless device of a con scription. There is a gleam of states manship In the proposals to assist the vlttcultural interest by appointing a competent vlticulturist and establishing a model vineyard, and there ia usefulness, If not originality, In the scheme to promote dairy farming after the fashton wisely adopted In Victoria. Bat these fragments do not make np a policy such as the country wants. The idea of continu ing the pinching process, to steer as dear of deficits, will no doubt be made the most of. There Is, however, virtue In spending moneywteelyaswellas In harrying the Civil Service to keep down expenses. To ex pand the revenue by a judicious develop ment of national resources Is the fib work cf statesmen. The merest pettifogger Is equal to grinding down expenditure to a certain point, but there must be a term to the process, and when that Is reached It will be a poor outlook for the colony if f ie stoppage of national enterprise should have arrested the growth of the revenue beyond all hope of a speedy recovery. On the whole the verdict likely to be passed on the Ministerial policy may%e given In the celebrated phrase of Lord Jeffrey— This will never do. The annual report of the Minister of Education on the state of public education In the colony during the year 1888 Is of a very satisfactory nature. The complaint has been often made In Parliament of late that the cost of education has been Increasing at a rate out of proportion to the reasonable wants of the country. Such statements cannot at any rate be applied to the management of the Education De partment during the past year, for it Is conclusively shown that the expenses of management and Inspection of schools and of boards of advice are leu now than they weretenyeanago. In 1880theexpendltunr in theae directions amounted to £7,528, while for 1888 It was only £7,263. Anejually satisfactory result appears If the cost of management. Is compared for past years with re?pect to the expenditure per head of each child In average attendance at school. This amount, which was Bs.;BWL in 1878, has fallen to ss. Ud. in 1888. The Inspector-General in commenting on these figures points out what every one will be ready to admit, that this result has not been accomplished without m^lrfng heavy demands on the time and energies of the Inspectors and other officers con cerned, and he adds that additional as sistance will be necessary should the number of schools continue to Increase at the same rate as in the past. The exercise of judicious economy is, however, not only apparent In regard to iKi?«« ggm ft"t, but Is also visible In the average cost of giving a child Its school education during the year. In 1880 each child In average : attendance at a State school cost the country £3 Is. 4d.; In 1888 the same amount of Instructionwaslmparted and the same work done for £2 15s. 9d. These figures and those for the Intervening years prove that s the system of public education becomes settled and regulated Its cost per head steadily decreases, although of course a stage must sooner or later be reached below which it will be Impossible to go without sacrificing effi- j dency to economical considerations. It la also evident that great and constant care has been exercised by the authorities to keep the expense of our national system of Instruction as moderate as possible. That the colony Is now well provided with schools throughout its length and breadth is shows by the simple fact that no new schoolhooses were erected daring the yew, and the amount expended on im provements and repairs waa comparatively fmalL Until oar population Increases more rapidly than has been the case of late It Ib certainly advisable that as Utble expense as possible should be incurred In putting up new educational buildings. A total of £438,000 has already been ex pended In this direction, of which sum £381,000 was paid from loans. Honey which goes In educating the youthful part of the nation is, however, well spent, for at the present day education Is not only desirable for the mental and moral good which It does undoubtedly accom plish, but is an absolute necessity if the workers of the community—and in a new country almost all are workers—are to hold their place In competition with the great world outside our borders. The fluctuations of population In render it requisite that each year a good many old schools shall be closed and new ones opened In other places where settle* ment has accrued. Of new public schools there was an increase of two during 1888, while in the number of pro visional schools the increase was 17, The new provisional schools were opened in all parts of the colony, from Anna Creek In the far north to Teetulpa in the north east and Conmufra in the south-east. The number of children in?trncted during last year was 45,236, being an Increase of 163 on the figures for 18S7. The average dally attendance In all the State schools of the colony was 28,329, or 101 less than during the previous year, the falling off In attendance having principally taken place In the copper-mining districts. The pro portion of children who compiled with the requirements of the Education Act by attending 35 days in each quarter Is not qulteso good as In 1887, but is very satisfac tory nevertheless, varying as It does from 77 per cent. In the first quarter of the year to 89 per cent, in the third quarter. With regard to free instruction there was a large decrease both In the number of free certificates granted and in the number of \- free scholars attending the State schools, the total of the latter having fallen from 9,228 to 7.7C3. The Training College continues to do good work In preparing teachers for their functions, 22 students oat of 30 who left the college In December having satisfied the examiners as to their competency. In looking through the results of the chil dren's examinations It would appear as though the young South Australian mind did not take kindly to arithmetic, or else that the Inspection In that subject Is par ticularly strict, for the percentage of sac cesses in mental arithmetic Is only 54, while in composition It is 78, and in reading It amounts to 90. In view, however, of the difficulty of the subject the per* centage Is really a high one, and shows an Increase on that of previous yean. It may also be remarked that the Vic torian Inspector-General (Mr. Main) and the Principal of the Melbourne Training College (Mr. Topp), who for their Go vernment have made a careful Inspection of the public schools in Victoria, New South Wales, and South Australia, state in their report that in mental arithmetic, as proved by the examinations they con ducted, South Australian children are a loDg way ahead In comparison with the State school pupils in the other colonle?. The new coarse of Instruction which was' brought Into operation in 1884 seems, judging by a tabulated statement, to have resulted In higher percentages being obtained In every class of work except arithmetic and history, which show a considerable falling off. Greater advantage waa taken of the evening schools during the year that is past than was the case In 1887, the numbers instructed being respectively 424 and 292 for the two years mentioned. The Advanced School for Girls appears to be In a most satisfactory state, the attendance having Increased by 34 over that of the previous year, and .the accounts showing a cash profit) of £155. The total cost of the department In 1888, exclusive of bnildtngs, was £103.330, of which more than £25,000 was provided by revenue from rents, fees, and sundries, the parents of scholars paying £24,101 for the education of their chil dren. Reference la made to the visit dnring the year of Messrs. Main and Topp, who have given their views on what they consider the advantages and shortcomings of oar system In an inte resting report, on which we commented some time 'ago. The report will be brought directly under the notice o all South Australian teachers, and may be found ot considerable service for purposes of comparison. Arbor Day, which promises to become a popular and useful Institution, resulted in over 8,000 trees being planted near pablie schools daring the past two yean, and of these more than 3,000 are flourishing at the present tune. Allusion Is also made in the report to the advance which has been made in technical education. The Government School of Mines and Indus* tries has been successfully established under the control of a competent council, and already has nearly 100 students. Another useful departure Is that by which drawing has been ren dered a compulsory subject In State schools, for there Is no doubt, that such Instruction Is a first step In technical education, which wDI also be promoted by the proposed establishment of branch schools of design affiliated with the in stitutes of country towns. The case of A. J. Bonney, tried before the Chief Justice for the wilful murder of his wife, and acquitted yesterday, tells a sad story of domestic unhappines? arising from, the abuse of drink. The deceased woman exhibited an addiction to drink almost from the day .of her mar riage eight years ago. Drunkenness In a wife and mother Is always a prolific cause of misery, and in thb in* stance the results were evidenced In the condition of a home which, only by a stretch of imagination, could be pro nounced oneeven In name. Three children died hi Infancy, and for the protection of a single survivor the Interposition of the mother of the prisoner was called for on more than one occasion. The woman constantly spent in drink the money supplied for housekeeping, and drunkenness of course bred negligence 'and poverty. The home was almost destitute of furniture, and was constantly in a state of dirt and disorder. Bonney was attached to the woman and refused to leave her, though strongly urged to this course by bis mother. On Saturday night, April 20, the climax was reached. Bonney returning home found hla wife In a condition of drunken stupor, and what followed was left for the jury to decide. The neighbors heard noises which they afterwards construed as sounds produced bythevlolenttreatanentofthewoman. The prisoner was plainly heard to «ay " £'11 murder you." The neighborsattaohed no serious significance to the threat, or to the noises. The prisoner dented that he had illtreated his wife, and attributed bruises and cuts, with which her body was scored, to Injuries Inflicted by herself daring fits, to which she was subject. This In deed was the line of defence adopted, and It was plain that the case would have to turn largely upon the medical evidence. A hatchet was pro duced by the police which it was suggested would account for some of the more serious marks on the body. It was highly Improbable, however, In the opinion of the judge, that the weapon was In the room, and the jury were left to de cide between two alternatives. Either' the marks were caused by kicking and brutal handling, or they were partly self Inflicted and partly occasioned by the prisoner stumbling accidentally over his wife in the darkness of the evening on his return home. Bonney bore a good character, and had habitually treated hla wife with kindness. The uttno?t that could be eald against the prisoner was that the case admitted of considerable doubt. Of premeditated malice there was no evi dence, and tbe jury could not conscien tiously find Bonney guilty of murder. They appear to have adopted the most merciful view, and to have exonerated the prisoner absolutely from responsibility for the injuries which were the cause of death. Parliament v.aa opened with more than usual ceremony on Thursday by hie. Excellency the Governor. Particular interest in the pro ceedings was created owing to the fact that the new Atsembly Gbamber waa for the first time occupied by its members. In each House the Piesidtnt and the Speaker took their places precisely at noon, and a few moments afterwards the members of the Assembly were summoned to the Council Chamber, where the openiogspeech, which wu of (treat length, was read. The scene at the time was quite bril liant. Besides bis Excellency there were present the Countess ot Kiritore, the Hon. Mary Trefusis, and the military attaches, including Major-General Downes, Major tovett, Captain Austrather- Thom?on, Captain Trefusis, Mr. Lempriere (private secretary), and Lieutenant Tomkin bod. Outride on Northterraoe there was a guard of honor, consisting of 66 members of the Militia force tinder Captain Basse*, and in addition a cavalry escort of About 40 lancers I nnder Major Bowell, whilst the Military Band was also in attendance. The reading of the speech occupied some time, and at the conclu j sion the Governor aooompanied by his party 1 retired, and the members of the Assembly returned to their own legislative hall. In i each House a considerable number o! notices of motion were tabled, and judging from pre sent indications the session is ukely to be an exceedingly busy one. A number of debatable | questions will probably be introduced in the Assembly, and one fathered by Mr. Glynn will deal with the suggested irrigation schemes at Morgan and Lake Bonney. In both Souses committees were appointed to prepare the addresses in reply to his Excellency's speech, and it was noticed as a significant fast that in tbe Assembly the name of Mr. Nash, upon whom the Opposition are eaid to have oounted, was added to those members who were selested for this duty. The President of the Legislative Counoil (Sir Henry Ay en, K.O.M.U) gave his annual dinner to the members of that body on Thurs- I day evening at his private residence, North terrace. There were about 49 gentlemen : present, including his Excellency the Go vernor, Chief , Justice Way, Mr. Justice I Bundey, the Speaker of the House of Assembly (Hod, /. C. Bray), the Premier (Hon. T. Playford. M.P.). the Chief Secretary (Hon. J. G. Bamsay, M.L.C.). the Chair man of Committees (Mr. E. Ward, M.P.), Lieutenant Thompson (aide-de-camp to the Governor), Mr. E. P. Lempriere (private sec retary), and the clerks and librarian of the Houses of Parliament. Mr." Justice Boucaut apologised for his non-attendance. A masting of members of theOppotition waa held at the new Assembly Chamber on Thurs day evening, when there was a full attendance of member*. It is stated that there is now a majority of three against the Government, and it is pointed out as a proof of this that the opposition ticket was carried in the voting for the Standing Orders Committee yesterday. The following report of the Bail way Commis sioners to the Commissioner of Public Works was laid on the table of the House of As sembly on Thursday :—"April 29, 1889.—1n accordance with section 49 of the South Austra lian Railway Commissioners' Act, we nave the honor to inform you that for the three month? ending March Slat hut the approximate earn ings of the railways and tramways amounted to £220,087{; the working expenses for the same period amounted to £129,539; leaving a net balance of £90,648. The working expenses weie 69 per cent, of the earnings, The train mileage run during the- same period was 719,05?, and the earnings 6s. Id. per train mile. For the nine months ending the 81st March the approximate earnings were £618,087; the work ing expenses for the same period were £861,539; leaving a net balance of £316,648. The work ing expenses for the same period were 53 per cent, of the earnings. The train mileage ran was 2,2§4,G15, and the earnings ss. lid. per mile. 9' For two days the attention of the Chief Jus tice and a jury has been engaged in consider ing a charge preferred against Albert John Bonney of murdering his wife, Johanna Ger trude Bonney, on April 21. On Wednesday evidence was given by a number of witnesses, and when the court adjourned for the day the case for the prosecution was not completed. It was finished by 1 o'clock on Thursday, and Mr. J, H. Srmon, who defended the prisoner in conjunction with Mr. T. S, O'Halloran, made an eloquent appeal on bis behalf, and portrayed in touching terms the unhappy life that Bonney had endured owing to toe intemperate habits of bis wife. His honor summed up at considerable length, and the jury, after 20 minutes retirement, returned into court with a verdict of not guilty, and Bonney was at once set at liberty. There were signs of approval of tbe verdict amongst the spectators but they were immediately suppressed. The prisoner's mother, who had been in court during the trial, fainted after the verdict, but: was brought, round in a few minutes. The weather continues very .unsettled, with frequent rain squalls. Thursday evening was very stormy, and for several hours a heavy gale blew from the west. Rain fell in torrents at intervals over the city and suburbs, and some of the street watercourses were swollen to a most unusual extent, but the occasional spells of clear weather prevented any asriou? flood ings. {Towards midnight ftl" clouds all dis peraed but they came up again early this morning, and when we went to press more rain : threatened. We learn from Mr. Todd that at j Cape Borda at 4 p.m. yesterday the barometer ! resistered as low as 28-68, and it was then still I falling, Messrs. Ward, M.P lt and Giles, M.P., have shown us a statement indicating that 5,5(1 acres of land remain unsown for want ot seed in the hundreds of Cavenagh and Goglur, The document it signed by the farmers then? selves, and Mr. Ward assures us that a much larger area ib really left unsown, but the docu ment was not taken through the district, having been simply left at the post offices for signature. A meeting of the council of the School of Mines and Industries was held on Thursday morning, Dr. Cockburu, M P., presiding. A prospectus containing all particulars of the work to be conducted at the School of Mines was finally approved, and copies cf this will be presented to those present at the opening ceremony to-morrow afternoon. There is a great demand for invitations for this ceremony, admission to which is by card only, and a large attendance is anticipated. On Thursday Mr. W. A. Horn, M.P., waited on the Minister of Education (Hon. J. O. F. Johnson) and urged that a more satisfactory mail arrangement be made for Franklin Harbor. What was required was a steam launch service from Wallaroo. The Minister replied that the matter was receiving the attention of the de partment, and that he had no doubt a satis factory arrangement would shortly be come to with the AHniMi^fl steamship company, Mr. W. B. BotmseveU, M.P., presented to the Miniwtwr of Education (Hon. J. C. F. Johnson) on Thursday a request from the parents of the children attending the Hacklin'e Corner Public School that in addition to the repairs which are about to be effected at the school a porch and fireplace should be provided. They farther asked that the school should be placed nnder a board of advice. The Minister replied that he would request the Pablie Works Department to provide the accom modation desired. The fourth report of the Parliament Hoase Building Committee was laid on the table of the Legislative Council on Thursday. The context is practically similar to what has been published from)time to time, but the first paragraph deserve* notice. It states:-" Your committee have satisfaction in reporting the completion of the west wing of the new Parliament Buildings. The work under the present contractor, Mr. James Shaw, has been csarned out to the entire satisfaction of your committee, and reflects the utmost credit upon him and all who have been connected with its superintendence and execution." Among the passengers by the steamer Hohenzollern, which arrived on Thursday, waa the Rev. B. G. Dendy, tbe new pastor of the Unitarian Church, Wakefield-street. Mr. Dendy has been engaged in church work foe the past 36 yean, (he first five years being spent at the Flowery Field Ohuroh, near Manchester and the latter SO at the Tenderdea Ohuroh! Kent. He is accompanied by hit nieos. and if be determines to permanently settle in Ade laide will be later on joined by Mm. Dandy Rod family. He will commence his charge on Sunday next. Owing to the unusually heavy calendar at the Criminal Sittings of the Supreme Court, Mr.. Justice Boucaut on Thnnday took several cases wbfle the trial of the alleged murderer Bonney was continued before the Chief Jus tice. In the course of the afternoon Mr. Justice Boucaut announced that the Local Conrt case, O'Connell v. Lewis, which was set down for hearing on the following day, would be adjourned* and be would continue to take criminal cases, bo that, if possible, the whole of them could be disposed of this week. This would prevent the heavy expense of summon- , inp jurors for next week, and would also be a very great convenience to the jurors and wit nesses. He made special mention of the Local Court cause; which was-adjourned be- , cause, he understood , a large number of ; medical men were engaged in it, and he did not wish to inconvenience them unnecessarily, i Before Mr. Justice Bouoautand juries, Bamael Tredinnick, aged 19, charged with the larceny of jewellery, valued at £7, at Mount Byran. was found not guilty, and discharged} Walter Ogilvie, aged 39. was found not guilty of steal ing a nightgown and other articles to the valne of £1 Sb., from a clothesline in the yard of the Bedford Hotel, and was discharged; and Walter Jones, alias Haxton, was. found guilty of burglarly at the Ovingham Hotel, and was sentenced to seven years' imprisonment with bard labor. The first case that will be taken before Mr. Justice Boucaut this morning is that of John Elliott, charged with stealing from the person, The following extract from the Auttralcuian and South American of April 26 refers to the death of a gentleman who was recently in Ade laide:—"Thomas O. Williams, head of the well-known house of Thomas C. Williams and Co., manufacturers of tobaooo, Richmond, Va, was born in the city in which be became one of - the most prominent and enterprising business men, hi? first independent business venture being made with Dr. R. A. Patterson, of Richmond, while he was yet a clerk in • leading business bouse in that city, and their tobacco business was suc cessfully carried on until after the war broke out In 1562 bis employer, Mr. James Thomas, fun., took him into partnership, and the firm of Tho?. C. Williams ft Co. was founded and has gradually attained its present importance under bis ever vigilant care and tireless enterprise. The busmes? will be con ducted by the surviving partners, Mr. Williani?'a interest being represented by bis son, Thomas C, Williams, jnn,, who has been a member of the firm for about six years. In addition to being largely in terested in other enterprises of an industrial and financial character. Mr. Williams main tained a lively interest in matters of public welfare and took a prominent part in educa tional affairs, besides being a liberal contribu tor to the city's charities. One of the wealthiest men in the Sonth, he was ever alive to the welfare of its people, and bis death re moves from their midst a representative and public spirited fellow citizen of untiring energy and generous impulses," On Thursday the Strasburg clock drew a crowded bouse to witness its wonderful move ments. Wirth'a circus, which has just completed a successful season at Broken HOI, returns to this colony tomorrow. On Monday it will appear at Petersburg, on Tuesday at Xerowie, and on Wednesday at GawJer. On enquiry at the Adelaide Hospital on Thursday night we learned that William McOommick, who attempted to commit suicide on Wednesday afternoon by cattine bis throat, at Hmdmarsh, had improved slightly, but was still in a critical state. We have seen a report from the Royal Col lege of Music, which shows that Miss Hack, the winner of the Elder Scholarship for Sing ing, is making good progress in the various branches of study which form the curriculum, . and has been raised to a higher class in sing ing. The report is dated April 6, Despite the inclement weather on Thursday evening there was another large house at Garner's Theatre to ccc the truly clever artist, Mr. Frank Lincoln, in his inimitable entertain ment. He kept bis audience in a continual simmer of laughter and applause. To-night will be the last opportunity the Adelaide public will have of bearing Mr. Lincoln. We have been shown at Messrs. Stevenson Brothers jeweller's estaWishement, in' Bundle street, a model of a derrick which is to be presented to a mining manager. It is com posed entirely of Broken Hill silver, and is a most attractive little piece of work. It is 14 inches high, and stands on a polished blaek wood base, which serves as a foil to the frosted silver work. It has taken about a month to execute, and is a unique piece of workman ship. The committees of the Catholic Refuge' and Orphanage, held their monthly meeting in at. Francis Xavier's Hall on Wednesday. There was a good attendance, and Archdeacon Russell presided. A large amount of business was transacted, favorable reports being re ceived from both institutions. At present there are 29 inmates in the refuge. The fol lowing donations were received for the orphanage :—Onkaparinga Racing Club £7, and the S.A.J.O.' £5. The proceeds from the picnic held in aid of the orphanage on Easter Monday amounted to £10013s, While the yacht Thistle, belonging to the gunboat Protector, was proceeding from the anchorage to the Port on Thursday, one of the iron blocks on the mainsail gave way and struck one of the occupants of the boat on the head, inflicting a severe gash and rendering him partly unconscious. In attempting to bring the man round another of the hands on board was struck by the boom of the mainsail and knocked overboard. He was dragged at the rear of the boat for about three or four minutes without the knowledge of his companions on board, and it is strange that he was not drowned, as he was unable to swim. Both men were taken to the Port Hospital and at tended by Dr. Toll. The draughts championship contest was re sumed on Thursday evening in the presence of a good attendance, and greater interest than usual wbb taken in the proceedings. The com .petitors had gradually dwindled to three, namely* Means. Lester, Hogg, and Gardiner, and the two players laet named were pitted against each other on Thursday for the first j time. The three first games were brilliantly played, but in the fourth and last Mr. Hogg overlooked an exchange, by which his opponent got two men for one. The first and third ] games were draws, and the eecond and fourth were wins for Mr. Gardiner. Mr. Hogg has played remarkably well throughout the con test, and he will be remembered as being the only South Australian who scored a win from Wyllie. Mr. Gardiner conceded the possibility that Mr. Hogg might have won the thirdgame, or at least have given his opponent more trouble than he experienced. Mr. Hogg will receive the third prize, and the final struggle for the first prize and the championship be tween Messrs. Lester and Gardiner will now engage attention. Mr. Lester defeated Mr. Gardiner in a previous round, but the play was remarkably even, and the coming contest, which will take place on Saturday, is looked , forward to with must interest. Great preparations are being made at the Theatre Royal for the appearance on Monday evening of Mr. Charles Warner. The new stage is made on the latest principal, with all the best appliances for the production of stage effects, and is probably one of the finest in the colonies, It was laid down and constructed by Messrs. Trudgen & Co., the contractors, from specifications and plans from Mr. George Gordon, and a model made by Mr. George Cahfll, the stage mechanist, belonging to the Theatre. Thewholeoftheworkhasbeencarried out|nnderthedirectionof Mr. Reed, thearchitect. The members of Mr. Warner's company, which will arrive by express this morning, inclndes several old favorites who will be welcomed back to Adelaide, amongst whom may be men tioned Mesdames Ada Ward, Gracie Warner, Elsie Sydney, Fanny Clithero, Nelly Mor tyne, with Messrs. Flamming, Vincent, Deering, Russell, Stewart, Hambro, Pat terson, Marsh, and England. The cast for the opening piece, "Hands Across the Sea," is exceptionally strong. Toe scenery, stage effects, appointments, cos tumes, music, uid chorus incidental to the play will be precisely the same as used in Mel bourne and Sydney, where the piece was an enormous success. Already two steamer loads of effects have arrived, and workmen are busy day and night preparing the stage for their re ception, and no pains or expense are being spared by the nnwiagwnwnt in present ing the play in all its completeness. Although Mr. Warner's farewell season here is limited ne intends producing in rapid succes sion a number of his favorite pieces from his varied repertoire enough to please the most fastidious of playgoers. It is to be hoped that the public will accord him their hearty sup port, to as to enooonge the management in bringing here other first-class talent. We are informed that the box-office is now open. Mr. Whittington (the treasurer) states that the yard belonging to the Theatre Royal was thronged on Thursday morning by over SOD applicants eager to be engaged as super numeranea for the production of "Hands Across the Sea." Mr. Patterson, the as sistant stage manager, had all bU work to select the suitable ones, but suooeeded at last and had a preliminary rehearsal of nearly 100 auxiliaries and chorus during the evening, Che advertisement with reference to amusemento appear on the seoond page. A special' train will leave the city to-morrow night at 11 o'clock tor Aldgate, calling at iatermedate stations. We have received the Pictorial A.ust>vlitm for Hay. which contains, besides a variety ol miscellaneous plotnres. portraits of the Irish Home Bule delegates to Australia, and a speolat doable page supplement giving a portrait ot Udv Ktntore, 