fr 6G KNAvE or LUBS-The Crorpier ; A SUMMSER nEVERAGE.-June-iper j lce. ANo3rALY IN Acor'ntics-A Silent Creek. PERENNIAL CREEPEns-The Serpent 'iibe FnosTs are generally dots' before they eCos?. Tnx E-Ds or THE Won RD- e?ney-mking TIE CHrnCJarMILITANT--BAfTLEAbbey, Nonce or A PEAL-A lsh of I il einng. " Oh, do have a little more-let me pcsficed you." HUSH MoNSL.-The wages of the baby'sf nA Mrnn ACCIDENT-DroTR ing in the Lakes. SEMI-DETACHED - JUdicIally-mpa'a- cd couples. THE FEW CUT-The Mancles?-r Ship Canal. TnH Mle srens or sme INTERIOJ7 Gunter. RaCTso Mrs.-The - Mid-Kent Stakc? Hop-poles. TiE "FLowEB" O' nitt Tong PARTY The Primrose. ls a soldier's life worth living? It depends upon the liver. WREN a calico won't wash-you can depsII upon it it isn't a certified check. WHEN an office is out seeking a man it i? like a ghost. It startles everyhody. LATEST NICKNAME Fon THE IRISH SEt RETrnY--La?n-Tennis Bal(l)-four. PAnADOXIcAL-That Hen-ley shor.ld, among Regattas, be "cock o' the walk." MANY a beau who wears a sweet-smelling boutonniere is without a cent in his pocket. PEN NoTE-The best kind of paper for Litter-ary purposes : Straw paper, of coarse. A " GAME " THAT ISN'T Won-rrtsr sr (S)CasNDA-The unfair riufing of racehorses. TILE wife who can retain n sure hold upon her husband s heart will never have occasion to take a grip on his hair. IT may sound paradoxical, but one's "bare" word is not always sufficient to dstablish even the "naked" truth. THEnE is one thing that the invincibid Western cyclone has never yet succeeded in lifting, and that is a mortgage. Olr, water surprise ! And so there's a Ecarcity of water in Paris ! Vell, that's no thing new. In France water is always lI'ea I PmlEST (to a very sick man)-" Now, if you have any earnest desire in your heart, name it." Sick man: "'I :want to get well." ASPIRING Poet-" Don't you like tie meter of my new poem ? So light, you know." Critic: "Yes, almost light enough for a gas meter." "I AM a painter and," said he, "Seek aid from Nature's heart." "I am a painter, too," said she, "And get my aid from art." DAn?RIrAN NOTE-It is thought that both the monkeys and the parachutists at the Alex andra Palace are intended as illustrations of the "Descent of ILan." Miss CsnAmTr-Is your husband addicted to the use of alcoholic stimulants ? " Recip ient of Alms: "No, indade, lnum; not he. His only failin' is drinkin'." BEFORE offering yourself to the plump-look ing toboggan girl you flirted with last winter, perhaps it would be as well to wait until you see her on the beach this Summer. MIRs. O'BoUL--" This is the reventhi night you've come home in the nmrsing. The next toimo you go out, Mr. O'B., you'll stay at home and open the door for yersilf." MEN are usually willing to give their opinions freely on any subject, but you mustn't expect the photographer of rural scenery to give you his views for nothing. SnI : "You must never let fathe: see you put your arm around my waist." IIe: "Why, would he be so angry?" She: "No, dear; but he would try to borrow some money from you." A woMANi has reached the age of one hun dred and thirty years, and it is a pitiable sight to see her one-hundred-year-old son sit in the corner and wriggle while lie sobs. "Ma, can I go out!" ArTEn all the objections made to executing criminals by electricity, it is urged by the advocates of that system that after a person has tried the new method once he will never use any other after. TECHER : "And now, Hong Foy, can you tell me the meaning of the words '.Go to,' as frequently found in the Holy Scriptures ?" Hong Toy: "Yessee, moam I Him allee samey ' Come off."' \VIcKwInE: "Say, Yabsley, howabout the report about town that your landlady refused to let you have your trunk when you changed your lodging-house last week I" Yabsley: there was nothing in it." TEm Rev. Dr. Divine-" I rejoice to learn, Miss De Fashion, that you have decided not to wear a low-necked dress at the panty to night-" Little Dot (interrupting): "She tan't. She's got a pimple on her bosom." ALoERNON : "Say, grandpa, here's a picture of a Roman banquet, and they are all lying down to cat. They don't do that say now, do they " .Grandpa: "Er- well, yes, there is more or less lying down at public dinners still." ANonr WIFE (after a quarrel): "Seems to meo we've been married about a hundred years. I can't even remember when or whlere we first met." Husband (emphatically): "I can. It was at a dinner party, and there were tldrteen at the table." "ROBERT, dear, what is a jng? " "A jag I I don't know, Maria." "Mrs. Jones says that her husband told her that he saw you down towne with your jag on." "Oh, yes, I see. He meant my English top coat. It is sometimes called a jag." "Youn father is an easy, 'come-day, go day' sort of fellow, isn't he, Clara!" "Don't mistake him, George. I have had suitors before now who thought that of him, and who have subsequently been obliged to admit that he was a person of considerable push." THE only way to solve the problem, "Is marriage a failure?" is to try it. It reminds us of the story anent the toadstool and the mushroom. How can you tell a mushroom from a toadstool? By eating it. If it is a toadstool you die ; if it is a mushroom you don't. He was an artist courting the daughlter of a retired sea captain. While they were seated together one evening in the dinly-lighlted parlour ie was surprised by the hoarse excla mation of the ancient nmariner in the next room, "Cast off that painter!" Biu? she explained that her father was only t.alking in his sleep, and that a "painter" was a rope attached to a ship's small boat, and the engagement p oceeded. Rosy Bor : " Why didn't you take a wed ding trip, Bloodgood?" Bloodgood: "Well, you see, my wife and I came to the conclusion it wouldn't be much of a novelty for us. We met first on a steamer on the Atlantic Ocean, I proposed in Sweden, was accepted'in Russia, obtained her father's permission in England, the marriags settlement wras drawn up 4n the United States, and we were married in Nesv Jersey." SOCIETY PEEB wO NEED PROTEtON. People will never be able to realize the multi tudinous dangers to which human life is con stantly subjected. A Cincinnati boy wams recently bitten by a tame bat which had been flying about the house, and the symptoms of hydrophobia became so strong that lhe was sent to Pasteur. Itight on the heels of this comes the story of a Kalam:aoo ySoung society belle who was so severely stung by a tbedbug that she couldn't turn her head on the street to see how another woman's dress fitted be hind. There should be a law passed compel ling people to muzzle their bats, and as for bedbugs we have all along takenthe stand that they should be carefully bathed in coal oil and then tiaken asway from their rich diet of society belle and fed on insect pswder for a few weeks. Their stingers should then be mcut off witli a big pair of slhears before being al lowed to run at lasrge again. Our society pets must be protected at all hazards. CGAsT IN HE C*OTrINIS BUTSIErss.-Alger non "I notice that you did not respond to young Brown's bow." Augustus : "No; his family does not amount to much, you know. They're only common clothing dealer's people." "Algernon: "But, goodness gracious ! your father is in the clthling business." Augustus: " Wholesale, denah boy, wholesale. Father would rather die than sell anything as retaiL Noblesoseblige, youknosV, deahl boy.'" WHAT tllicrT ns--D.shlcigh : "Cluldany. thing be. thinnre than the guze that Irfs. Tr?"tIrnrse to veil the charms of Cleolpatral' DumliEih h: "Yes; one." Dalleig h-:-." WVhat is that?" Dbimleigh : "The limbs nnder the aforesaid ., ? '' . . ._ " . . . - . . . . . 