On the Wing, Mu, Howi-ll-Poola unci Mlaa Alluo Buymoi' iwo uoinliiy to Auatrftlln, MADAMM Titian Wft« tumble to piny na tmttd itb St, GuorKo'ft Ohiiroh, Omlton, ou Huuduy lust., owln^ to nu Injury to hur thumb. Mndttmo lUtaat plttyud for lior with uxooptlounl nblllty. Mihh il t ll'rovs'LowIh, HOW In Hun Fritn Ml oU (.nu n BUdUtng a dlvorou from Uj. l.uBmi.d, TIIIII Tuylor.Oirrlnyton Oorapnny nro now Htuniiig on it CMjipalitnd ,tour, to bo followod by it tour lu fciio North Jfinitorh cllotrlota, Mu, ICrod Mitooubu will mitUo ft tour Ihrounh Now Huuliuid In tlio pprlngi M it, Cloorgo Ulnnold In Klvlntf it mittlndo porforraanoo to-morrow uftoruoott (Sittur« dttv) ttfc Hijr Mt ;|«Hty'fl Thuutro, SyUnoy, In idd of tlio KonpUuU, M. JImniix Kowh'hM wlllhtlto it bonollt jo-iiiori'ow (Buliurdity) uftui'fioou itfc tltn Urt(firloit 'i'muitni, Hydnoy, wh'in nil tlio loiwIliiK muttlolitiiN iviiti itoioru of Hydnoy will ooutrlbuto mjmofchlnu to tho pi'o« Kmmmu, -.i Mu. Ol.urldo Witrtuir obJuofcM to bolnw HI >( > It c II 0 Jf III til lilt tfUlltl (J I I'Oll'i II* 11 Wltl'lUII'i" ? iiitil WIMmm to ill) oitllud 11 M!r. Glutt'lim Wui'mir" liy uvoi'vono with whom hu linn .'onlliiuii, Mri. Frank Lincoln opens in Welling. I ton (Now Zealand) to-night. | MB. J. Allison's double bentilt pnssod oft suaoeisfully on Monday afternoon and evening at the Boyal and Her Majesty's Iheatres, Sydney, when all the leading members of the theatrlcnl profession assisted. Among the items on the after noon programmo was the flrat act of Pepita, a scene from M. Oaron's opera Mata-Mitl, by Miss Elsa Sherwin, the flrat act of Turned Up and the first act of Maritana, The evening proginmme in cluded a variety-Olio and Confusion. THIS second special Saturday of the Princess Olub was held at tho Malson Dorec on Saturday evening, when sevoral hours passed very pleasantly. Mr. Arthur 'darner ocaupied the ohalr, Mr. CJhatf. Warner taking tho vlce<ohair. Amongst those pio3ent wore Messrs. George Gordon, John Brunton, Fred. Nuebe, 18. Sass, Frank Emery, G. Walton, T. Little, Alfred Dampier, W. Wynne, A. Oarnlo and Hugh Paterson, who is the hon. secretary. Tho HIOHH design by Mr. Hugh Palorson was of a very neat des cription, with Mr, Arthur Garner's por trait in evening dress (is it the Spider?) on the front. MR. H. D, Smith, tho eleotriolan of the Theatre Boyal, Melbourne, ia sending to the Paris Exhibition by the Britannia a miniature modtl of a Btago lit tad with his recent invention of ill new prosce nium and footlights, ...r. Abraham Levy, a pupil of Mr. Georgo Gordon, doslgned the model, to which Mr. Smith hfUxed his new lighting apparatus, Tho invention is highly spoken of by Mr, Gordon, Mr. Brunton, and Mr. Spong, thu well known soonio artists. A Sydney tlrm havo c-fEorod £200 for tho solo rights in Now South Wales, MR, Goorge Blgnold hopes to get a grunt uil'aot from tho ghost soo&o; in his forthcoming production of Julius Cmaar. THW AUIson-Blgnold legal dispute hfis beou amlaably Battled, and tho former partners aro friends again, MR. John I\ Sheridan, who has nehiuved such widoBprond popularity by his humorous impersonation of the Widow O'Brien In Fun on tho Bristol, will open at tho Onora House, Mel bourne, on Saturday, August 17, with tho UHtno piece aud a full now London com pany, unci or the management of tho Maatu'a, MaoMahon. \- ! Ma, Jnmoa MaoMahon, one of tho managoraof tho Opera Houso, Melbourne, hud somo disagreement with Mr. Cor nelius Sllbon, a rnombur of the Sllbou Sfclrlt oiganlKatlou, whloli euded In Mr, Sllbon annulling Mi1, MaoMahon. whllo the JiUtor wan walking in Parliament L'lwou I ant Saturday afternoon, Since tlu.ii Mr. MaoMahon h«s bean confined to hlu room, under the oaro of .Ur, iMahui'. 'l'ho outootwo of tho« aiSalr will bo that Mi'. MacMahou will Institute legal procuedlug* agalunt Mr, Sllbon, svhllo that gentleman tlu'eatonn to bi'lng an notion agalunt ono of llto Melbourno nuwspapuru, \- i - A pitoMtNWN'i' Sydney cUlnsm has pro mliod to get others to join with him In guaranteeing a few humti'ud pounds to unable Slgnor Hanson to organic a good orohuutra for thu purpose of giving a HurlOM of hlgh-olMss orolumtml concerts, A oofltPLiflrKNTAttY benefit is being nimugod tvt an early dato for Slgnm- and Signora M»jeroni, previous ko their de parture from the colony. iHlfl Stanley Opera Company. hiiB-lWen. playing to good houses in -Bombay,"and Miss Grade Plaiated aud/Mtv Charles Harding have been very successful.*] (Miss Annie Oarlton, formerly of the Musgrove Opera Oompany, has been winning great admiration in Cousin Hebe had similar parts. TUB Silbon-Stlrk troupe open at the Adelaide Thoatre Uoyal for two weeks on August 11), After a tour in the Victorian and South Australian provincial townai they proceed to New Zealand to tnke bent for lilo di Janeiro, at Lyttletoa, on Nomember 1 (J. Mtt, Greenwood hus been appointed by Mosars. Williamson, Gai'ner, and Mujgrove to the position of truasuror at tho Thoatro Iloyal, Melbourne, in place of Mr, James Moore, Mr. Grtouwood la the husband of Miss Lilian Kelly, formerly of tho Dunning Opera Oompany, Mtt. W. H. Manning, who has heon engaged by Mr. Bland Holt for his Now 54ealaud tour, left Melbourne Inst Tuos" day by tho Manapotirl. Mrs, Manning (Miss Nltn Steele) has not acoompauled hor iiusband, having auaentud an en gagement to shortly appoar in drama, Mil, Laohlau McGowau, managor for Mr. Uharlus Warner, has beon preparing for that aator's visit to Jlallarat, ou August ID, Mu. Harry Saiut Maui' will appear next Monday In Gooloug In 'ihc Candi date, Mias Oolbournu-Haber loft Malbourno by Tuesday a express to jolu the Solomon Opera Oompany m Sydney, Thu Saturday afternoon oonoorts In Dunoclln are going on satisfactory. Miss Annette Wilsou, Mrs, .Israel, Mr, Harry Smith, Mrs, Hlslop mul Mr, Arthur Tow any have met with favourable recognition. Mn, D'Ovaiy Ogdou has lakon tho Wellington Opora House for thu next Christinas season, when Mlaa CJtU'rlo Swalu will nppuHi'. Tnw Orphaus Olub of Sydney gavo a oonoei't on Wednesday Inst at thu v.M.O.A. Hall, whim tho following perfounurii wuru aimounood 10 appuir i-~Signor t'armlg «ian(, MIhs Mlktrod Muster, Mr, l'\ J, tlalluwoll. Mr, T, Gilpin, Mr, Elvers Allpruaa, Horr Went/,el, Mr, II, Uloo, Mr, lik'gar Striuif, ami Mr. Aug, Gohclu. TiiAVioidaNa thouttloal companion will bu glad to hoar that tho unsightly horso ualo yards at tho hauls oil thu Duuoctlu thoatru uto to bo Improved boyoud rooog. nltlon luto a promenade for the duloota tlou of tho audlunou botwuuu tho acta, Tho beautifying prooosti will nUu bo u.xtuudud to tlto thoatro and hotel, NKW Hualand In llkoly to huvo a lively tliuatrlaal tlmo during tho next throo montha, au Mr, lllaud Holt'a oompiiuy aro juafc a forduliflifc lit adviwioo of Mr. Otuu'loa Wuruor at oaoh of tho towuu. J3AMM Humor-imUl to hu a wron-<1I«m addod Mr. Uuorgu Walton to tho lint for tho Ohrlatniuu piuitonilmuu, whloU Is iwmouuuuil to bu Aladdin. jAOi{»lti«tliU'Uux la In ruhuuraal at tho PriuuuHrf Thuatru, and will pruoably follow tlio OrasHh ippun IN speaking of Miss Flora Graupnor, the Sydnoy Alorninij Ilrrahl nay&-" A word of praise to a sifted and graceful young artist;. Miss Flora Qraupner la a olever slnger-nctress who should auooeed, .TJbo purity nnd sweatneas of her voloo ihava been often commended In the ftSi/lumns of thia paper, but aha has one quality which atamps her as a true artist, and which calls for paiticttlar mentlou here-she is modest and unpretentious in all that ahe' does on the stage. Unllko moat slnptera, she never foraea herself into notice,;:?''She slugs without any straining after tfSeat, and she Is always in her part. She is never out of tho picture. She invariably rcmemboia the ehaiactor which she Is Imporaonatlng, mid alio plays It thoroughly atul with dramntlo Instinct. Sho has youth, volco, preaence, anil a modesty of demotmonr which is charmlug and unusual." Tug Santley Musical Festival in Ghristohurah will consist of four eonaorls tho first of a oantata, for which 'J'lia JUrl King, Acla and Galatua mid the Ancient Marlnor are open for Mr. Santloy's aolee tlon, the seoond of a ballad concert, and the third and fourth of IQIIJah. Tho balanaaof volcea in tho ohorna will bo 7"> soprani, .BO oontrall, »0 tonorl, and 50 basal. Mr. Wells will conduct- tho ballad concert, and Mr. Wallace tho oantata. In tho committee meetings tho Orohustral Society has quarrelled with tho Motoll Society on account of the hostile attitude of the lattor, aud in future tho members of the Orchestral Soeloty have pledged themselves uot to render thair assistance at any eoncorts given by the lattor. HAVK the Waxworks disappeared, or are they included In tl.u lloyal Musonm and Palaoo of Ourlo3ltlea wliloh now ooinnrlae tnoi.Uey boys, tho King of Oudh, disconsolate widows, and other at tractive shows ? Tho Inauguration refuses to contemplate what Melbourne would .teem like to the rustic mind without ita Waxworks. Theatres, art gnllorles, aud other places of ontertalumont and Intel luotual reaoit have their attractions, but thoy palo their In c Wee tun 1 llrcs when brought Into competition with tho wax oolk'otlon which passes from Solder to Kreltmoyer, aud from Krtluuoyor to Clarke, but still kuepa growing, Thero may have but!a strange transformations ell'oolod within Its walla-criminals may on an emergency have hud to do duty for erewiled hoads suddenly become famous, but thu public bolng none the wiser did not aomplnlu. fa thoro any Australian natlvu excopt Mr. Fleming who can ramember liour^o-otreet without that hotoroguneotis assemblage of tha living and doad, whoso virtues or orltmis luivu made thum eltliur oelabratud or notorious. Suaii glowing reports have roaohod Loudon of tho auoouas and popularity of tho actors and autressuH roeoutly engaged by Mr, Arthur Clamor that Australia glioma to be regardod us a happy hunting ground for half tho " unuttiployud" aotota lu Loiulon, atul It Is not surprising to huar that a company of the " uttumployod" arc forming on the " oommonsvtalth " principle for an Australian tour, Thin hi ODO rumour. Another ascrlbon tltu man. aguiuout of au AusUrllati (jompuuy to Lord Nowry, who dabblos lu theatrical mattoI'm, and who has vaguoly hinted at a possible visit to tltu antipodes and to South Africa, It Is much mora llltuly that thu vaunted huooussoil Mr, Lusoombo Boarllu lu tho latter country has turned tho heads of onu or two tliuabriaul inana. goi'H than that any sane tiiUi'o/jentiur will voluntarily bring au outlre company out to the Australian colonic, unions Ulruotud by uu agent who Uiorounhl,v Itnosv* thu country, It hquiuh to bun faof, howovor, that tltt'oo cr four London actors-of avumgo merit - have cxprussud thulr (lotormltinkUm tooomo out horu on thulr own responsibility, aud trtuib to luolc to gob thorn cngiigumentw, If thlN is tlto uasci tho bout thing a nuiioiMU8ly«iulit,lud AustitUliiu mUlkmali'O (nut do Is to osiub* lUlt it fiiud fot1 paying tho puntmgoa ol! nuvoral oHoui' ivlolbuunto uotum - nluo untiitiployud-to ;li]iiglaiiil, iitul HO allow them tho ulianuo for wliloti tliuy two LonyitiK, Mu, ivttd Mrs, Clooi'tfu IMU'itll will uob play u dratnablo Moasoit lib thu Ofiom llottati at tlm miiuilu.iluii ol! thu Biluon» Hilrlc ttuasoii hm wax nrlulnully tiiuiiiMuu, i'hu mint lyumunt foilii(I a ullltuuliy lu organising a sufficiently strong company or the interpretation of Mr, Darroll'a very successful drama, Hue and Cry 5 consequently, Messrs, Darrell and Mae Mabon deoided to postpone the produc tion. In addition to Hue and Ory, Mr. .Darrell has anothor new drama ready for presentation in Melbourne and Sydney, entitled The Avenger, and he Is busily engaged in a New Zealand play to .be called The Half-Oaate. MAuAiTE Melba, who mwda herrentrdo at Covont Gardens on Juno 0, had con cluded an engagement for the forth coming season at the Paris Opera. Ac cording to i> Menentrnl, the directors hesitated to sign n ritilnlts oontrnot at the fixed price o£ <1000 finnan (or £1(10) per month until after the lady's Parisian tltiiiU, Madame Melba willingly con sented to abide the e« out, and she has gained profit by the transaction, as in consequence of her success her Hilary was raised to (1000 frauas (or £240) per mensem. 