Tho ' Adelphl' Enteralnment. Tlio 'Adelphi' Dramatic and Music Society gave a dramatic and musical entertainment last Monday evening, in tho School of Arts, Balmain, which was very scantily attended. Messrs. Wm. Bruco Passe. Percy L. Powys, and A. Brownlow acted as stage-manager, business managcrand mu^icaldiroctor, respectively, and Mr. H. R. Warren officiated as treasurer and secretary. The programme opened with a one-act comedy, entitled ' Sunshine,' whioh was given fairly well for amateurs. Miss Cissy Brown as ' Maud Ashley ' performing her part with a fair amount of tact. There were also tho following characters : ' Dr. Drury,' Mr. Chas. Ritchie ; ' Frank Ashley,' Mr. A. Speers; 'Will MilEord,' Mr. Wm. Bruce Passe ; and ' Susan,' Miss Stella Irving. The second portion of the pro gramme consisted of songs, &c.;, Mr. Chas. M'Queen favoring with 'White wings Mr. Chas. Ritchie followed with a comic song entitled ' A very different place,' and brought down the house. Miss Annie Pringlo porformed exceedingly well, the Sailors' Hornpipe, and was vociferously applauded ; following which came a nogro speciality, called ' Carry mo back to Old Virginny,' which was done justice to by Mr. George Ross. ' Take me back again Kathleen ' was the next item, by Mr. H. R. Warren, and was a fair number, ns was a song by Mr. M. Williams, 'How did you lose your Arm.' Miss Annie Pringle then favoured with a Comic Song entitled, 'I'm a Jolly Little Chap all Round,' and was received with loud acclamation. The miscellaneous programme concluded with an amusing Farce called ' The Academy of Stars.' The brunt of the work fell upon Mr. Lawrence Morton as ' Black Jack,' who managed to do ;his part in suoh a manner as to keep the audience in roars. Mr. H. R. Warren took the part of ' Manager Makitell Mr. Percy L. Powy's 'Whisky Jake,' (a circus actor) ; Mr. Clarence Boulais, ' Gonsalvo Tcaremup' (a tragedian); Mr. M. Connery, 'Dandy Pat' (an Irish Comedian) ,; Mr. C. A. Hug, 'Billy Deadbird;' Mr, A. Pallistor, 'Jo' (a call boy) and 'Jo's Ghost'; and Mr. Wm. Bruco Passe was ' Joshua Varley Deadbird.' In the intervals an efficient orchestra played tho following pieces Overture, ' Fantasia on Popular Airs,' Audibert / Waltz, ' Sweethearts' (D' Al- bert) ; March, ' Grundungs -Fest,' ' (Bartl) and Devil's Mpirch, Supjpe. 