BARNAWABTHA. The new Barny rai'way station is progress ing immensely; t'ue bricklayers have ' : did " their part of the business and the csrcentK? and plasterers are atont to take up the rone- ing. So in a little while we will be sbie to reioice in the best fullfledged model station on the North Eiatern line. The portiea at the rear of the premisej is a poem in itself. What an oppning there will be for asif-j. dozen cabbies, and what a boom they will be to Lady Donovan, 3J. Newbound, Esq., sad Sir Egbert Thacker. The old colonists' annual banquet took plica on Monday evening last, and, as usual, wis well attended by the old campaigners— genial jolly dogs all. After the solids had been attacbedand vanquished they encountered the fluids and many were the tales unfoiaed thrill ing enough to make any ghost of Hamlet take a back seat. Toasts were given sad well waehed down, songs were sang and washed down too, speeabes were made and Euffered the same fate — as Liberty, Fraternity. Equality, Hilarity, Harmony and Good- fellowship prevailed. Although the section . they surrounded was something immense and they diddn't "go home till morning" (tie? said they wouldn't) the tough old boys were straight enough to walk a chalk line, or take a seat on the bench. 1 fear the rising genera tion will never " fill out" like the good old stock. "Coming events cast their shadows be fere." Barny is looking quite rssyfieoi Numbers of cup-winniog horses, thorough breds, clothed and hooded, may be sees doing their preliminaries daily on the tan. with a view of pulling off some big things on Tuesday next. Very Boon now we will hear old familiar cries — "Two to one, bar one, two to one. bar one. "Try your luck; gentlemen!" "Who'll take another,— the last one, the last one," &c.;, &o.; History re peating itsetf, hawks, pigeons, rectitude ona immorality, poverty and affluence, beauty and its opposite, temperance and intemper ance, and a jolly good muster sf rogues and fools are sure to be there and rub shoulders pro tem, I hear John Barleycorn's booth was purohaeed for £20 and the Good Temp lars' booth for one and sixpence, but I doi t believe it.—" News" correspondent One of our much respected citizens got served out nicely the other morning, and I richly deserved st. He went to the past as I usual for his letters, and received one from I his uncle in the old country containing! I bank draft for £1500, with the intimstios I there was plenty more where that csme from, What a dear old duck of aa uncle he muit be. What a lucky thing the recipient is jab I married, otherwise he would be devoured by I the girls iu a loitnight. I Another lucky star, though of lesser mag nitude, fell into the lap of young George Hunter. He invested £1 in a raffle for a new double buggy in the central city, and won it. He was offered £30 for it on the spot; but no — not for Georgie — that buggy is destined to shine in Barny and be heard of in the future. 