Extraordinary Lunacy Case. An Immaculate Conception. On Monday, December 3, at the Inns of Court Hotel, London, before Mr. Nicholson, one of the Masters In Lunacy, and a special jury of Middlesex, an en quiry, ordered by the Lord Chancellor, was opened to investigate the alleged lunacy of Major Samuel Richard John Owen, late of the Indian army. The petitioners were Mr. Samuel Walsh Owen and Mr. Leopold Henry Owen, sons of the alleged lunatic, for whom Mr. George Candy, Q C., and Mr. Stroud appeared. Major Owen, who occupied a seat by the Bide of the master, was represented by Mr.i Finlay, Q.G., M.P., and Mr. Upjohn. He was described as formerly residing at "Mount Sion, Yentnor, Isle of Wight, and alBo at Flanders-road, Chiswick. . Mr. Cancy said the petitioners were the I only surviving^ children of Major Owen, who served with distinction in the . Indian army daring the mutiny. On re tiring, he went to Yentnor to live. The facts which he should more especially bring to the notice of the jury arose principally out of the relationship that had subsisted during the past two years, be tween the major and a young lady named Mary Morey, whose maiden name was Mary Johnson. The major, many years ago, made the acquaintance of the lady who was now his wife, and she was a spiritualist. Subsequent to that intro duction the major seemed to have taken to Elie Study of Spiritualistic Literature, and there was no doubt that at present he was firmly convinced that he "was con stantly in communication with the unseen world, his theory of life being that he must obey the behests of persons who were neither tangible nor visible to mortal hands or eyes. Every action of his life was governed accordingly, even to the most trivial points. In the house at Yentnor, called Mount Sion, there was one room fitted up in a most gorgeous way, and waB described as ; ft Tlie Holy of Holies," and into which profane persons were not allowed to enter, but where the most seri ous communications took placebetween the supernatnral and those persons who were allowed by the major to be present. Mary Johnson, the nelce of Mr. John F. Colllngwood, married a young man named FrankMorey in the latter part of 1886, and the honeymoon, remarkable to say, was spent by the husband and wife in the company of the respondent. Afterwards Major Owen took Mrs. Morey abroad. Shortly after the marriage Mr. and Mrs. Morey ceased to live together as husband and wife, but on August 29 Mrs. Morey was Confine a of a Female Child in the chamber of the Holy of Holies, and counsel read a long and extraordinary letter which the respondent wrote Mr. Collingwood, deBoribing certain circum stances attending the confinement, and in which he explained that he wrote in order that; the information might come direct from him in the first instance, as— Secrets slip like water If they concern your mother, wife, or daughter, (Laughter). He described the confine ment as an abnormal one. Although Mrs. Morey believed she wa3 a virgin, the fact remained that she was delivered of a female child, and Maj-ir Owen was under the belief that She Infant was Miraculously and Immaculately Conceived, and expressed great disappointment at the sex of the child, as he thought It would have represented the Second Per son of the Trinity. Eight days prior to the birth it was supposed that a prince was born in the upper chamber, and that ib was taken up to heaven by the major to his deceased wife. The major thought he was in constant communication with the angels, and that Mrs. Frank Morey was an angel, and had told his son that on, receiving a mandate to that' effect he would sacrifice him in the same way as Abraham did Isaac. On another ocea slpn the major bought a picture at an auction for £8 10s., and had to take It home to ascertain the subject, He bought it because of a super natural communication, and the subject turnpd out to be "Melchizedec." Counsel contended that Major Owen was Incapable of managing his affairs, and called evi dence in support of his statement, Includ ing Mr. Collingwood, of 96, Great Port-' landistreet, who had been associated with Major Owen at the Anthropological Society. Mrs. Mary Miller, the nurse who attended Mrs Morey in her confine ment, Bald Major Owen, described the birth as a miraculous one, but Wit mess could See Wotliiug; Mi raculous about it. The .major told witness she did not understand things—that Mrs, Morey was an '? angel woman/' .(Laughter). The majcir.; callsd Mrs. Morey his darling. 1 Mrs J Morey. asked the major, if ha thought it was possible Lr hhn'to luvo a baby. He replied. "Quite possible.' Witness said—" If yondo* I will nurse yon myself and keep myself Into the bar gain." (Renewed laughter.) Major Owen said," Don't make rash promises." He had also told her that Mrs. Morey could see things and call npon the spirit of his mother. He also said that a vase in the room moved at such times. He told her he had been to the Holy Land, had seen the serpent with the braised head, and he showed her a dove's feather which he said he had taken from the crown of thorns. (Laughter.) Questioned by Mr. Finlay witness said the feather came from Mount Calvary. She though the major had got " a tile Iocbb." On Tuesday Mr3. Sarah Sophia Owen, the wife of one of the petitioners, residing at Ohiswick, said the major and his wife came on a visit to them in Jane of this year, and stayed with them three week3. The respondent told her that eight days prior to the confinement of Mrs. Morey a little prince was born, and that It was Taken up to Heaven by the Major, and delivered up to the care of its mother. August 23, she was told, was the anni versary of the birth of the Golden Prince. On that day Mrs. Frank Morey, Miss Morey, Miss Harrison, and herself ■ were taken into the room called the Holy of Holies. All except the witness had white dresses. .The major wore a hat with a feather In it, and a long white gar ment trimmed with gold. Mrs. Frank Morey's baby was placed in the midst of them, and they were subsequently told it was trying to speak to them, and that the little pilgrim prince was In It. It was all very sacred, and solemn. Miss Harrison, while Bitting on the conch dropped appa rently Insensible on the floor, and, a pillow being placed under her head, she was allowed to remain for some time. They all knelt down? as they were told they were In the presence of God. Mrs. Morey wa3 at that time on the bed, and after cover ing her face with her hands she waved them towards the ceiling, and then closed her ey es. The witness then sat down by the side of the bed and watched her, and the first thing she said, addressing the witness, was, «You Dirty Creature!" It was explained to her that Mrs. Morey bad just come down from heaven, and that everything down here appeared so dirty. Major Owen was present at the time. On another occasion Major 0 wen. seemed very poorly. He was In bed, and he told her that his spirit had left the body, and that it was now only gradually coming hack to it. Mrs. Morey, coming in, addressing him said, " You have been gallivanting1' again." " Oh," said, he, " where have I been ?" " China," she re plied, " helping them with their political matters." (Laughter.) Several medical gentlemen, were next called to speak to the insanity of the respondent. Majof Owen Examined, The evidence for the petitioner having been concluded Major Owen was examined by Mr. Finlay. He said he took tip the study of spiritualism In 1871. From the investigations he had made he did not believe in spiritualism, and never had nor said: he had any personal communication with spirits. Questioned about the room called the Holy of Holies the respondent said he never called it by that name; that wa3 only what Mrs; Morey called it. It was simply a room set apart for religious purposes. He denied the truth of the evidence for the petitioners gene rally. The allegations against him were only twiBtings of what he had said refer ring to the spirit of the Holy Ghost, Medical and other evidence was then called on behalf of the respondent. On Wednesday Mr. Frank G. Cox (called on behalf of the-reBpondent), said he was engaged in a bank at Ventnor. Major Owen was a customer. He was very keen as regarded his banking accounts, and, he. never saw anything about him to lead him to suppose that he was, of unsound mind,. Mr. Francis Truman stated that Major Owen was the tenant of a honse belonging to him at Ventnor. Witness never noticed any thing unusual about him. Cross ex amined—Why did he alter the name from Katrine Villa to Mount Sion ?—I did not care what he called the yllla so long as he paid the rent. Mr. Frank Morey (examined by Mr. Finlay) said he was the husband of the lady, whose child, as well as herself, had been so frequently mentioned. You are the father of this child ? Most certainly, sir.. (Laughter.) It is rather an extraordinary question to put. Well, I apologise for putting It, but, so far as you know, is there the slightest ground for any suggestion of immorality between Major Owen and your wife ?— None .whatever. Cross-examined, the witness said he remembered the major taking his wife abroad. Since then hi3 wife had not lived at the major's expense; for months she had stayed at Newport with him at his father's house. He knew his wife was a'splritualistlc medium when he married her. Mr. Finlay addressed the jury for the respondent, and Mr. Nicholson having summed up, the jary retired at a quarter past;3, and, returning at 10 minutes to 4, the foreman intimated that they found that Major Owen was of sound mind and capable of managing his own affairs. Mr. Nicholson—Is that a unanimous verdict ? The foreman—No. Twelve for and 11 aaainsb. 