CICELY DENNISON'S STORY. LOVE Br MBS. R. 8 DB C. LAFFAS (MRS. LEITH-ADAMS). Author of "Aunt Hepsey'n Foundling," "Geoffrey (.Stirling," 6c., <tc. CHAPTER XVI. THE HKBALD OF J07. AB I had kept my vigil ot life and death lor Ludovick Heneker through the flicker anH vh u Hri»dowa of the firelight, 80 now— tiuuugti tue tlicker and the shadows he cornea to me again, aa one ri«en from the dead. Even by that fitfnl light I oan see the changes that an tiering haa wrought; the hollowed temple and the haggard eyes. . . Bat the «yes are kindly and sweet, and have a smile in them; and aa he takea my hands in his and holda them in a firm and gentle grisp, I can aee the miaty brightness of tears gather over them. I make no donbt bat be can see that words are difficult to me; that the commonplace greeting* of saoh a meeting die upon my trembling lips; and he is manly and strong as a man ahoald be, and apeaka tor me, giving me time to get myself a little better in hand, and qaiet down. " Your sister told me yon were in here— idling—and so—1 thought I might come. It la quite a refreshing idea, Miss Cicely, to hear of yon—idling—I always think of you aa aaoh • baay little womaqr-ninning about here and there mending, patching, seeing after this andtfct—but the idle hour oomea to all of a - n i it not?—and I am glad to have foanayoo—like this. . ." He look* round the shabby old aohoolroom •off draws a- long breath, aa one who has . found again noma dear, lost thing. . . . , Ha# he though^ of me—busy with my mending basket—worried by Aunt Tabltha'a whims and magrima—anxious about papa— • etftoh—atitoh—atitohing to make old olothea look aa good aa new, if saoh miracle be -possible to buy fingers—has ha thought of theee things in the long silent hoars of that woary waiting to be well, that aires ao muoh time for thoughts to oome and go, and for fanoy to play trioks with us ? . . . 1 He afte down bcaide me in the wide, low window, when the tope of the pines ahow darkly on the crown of the eteep cliff and and pn a peep bine and there of a sunset glowbehind that la dying from red to gold— be tells me of his accident and of Mrs. Grim'a kindly care, of Franooia sitting aquatted like a little rabbit on the bed by hu aide, touching the bandages on Dad'a head with frightened timid fingers, but lovingly too, beoauae be ia told they will make Dad better; Franoots sitting hour after hour in oalm, contented silence, having been told that Dad must net, or nooning out a delectable aong touching the adventures of "Old Daddy Dickia-bird." as being a suitable lullaby for a sick peraou, calculated at once to soothe and oheer. And I listen - putting in a word now and then, and watching the long muscular hand that reeta on the windowledge near me, ani has grown so thin—so thin that the crest ring on the middle finger hangs too loosely by far. Now ud again I look up atthe kindly face, and look quickly away again, because my foolish fanoy.or the deceptive light makes me read there—or think I do—something deeper than kindneaa, something aweeter than a friend's sympathy. May be it ia only fancy; but every dog haa its day—so they Bay—and ' this is mine. The nearnete of the man I love is sweet and precious to me, I have him all to myaelf to . rejofoe over; I can beas glad as i like over this my beloved who was dead and if alive again, who was lost and is found; why should 1 not drink (ally of the chalice of the present—of the joy of his nearness and of his safety ? . . . His oalmnnaa haa oalmed me; his tact haa quieted the beating of my neart— has stilted the thrill that shook me as his hud met and clasped mine. I am growing quite cool and oolleoted— quite able to take my pleasure deliberately, and dwell upon it, so that I may impress its •very detail.on my mind, storing it up as a hive for future content in days of scarcity. I am evidently graduating aa a female philosopher, and shall wear cap and gown and leotun from a rostrnm before 1 die. . . . Philosophy is a fine thing—so is a rostrum ; but when the one fails you. and you topple down from the other, the situation is undignified. A touch will overset us sometimes—a sound send philosophy flying. . Bab—possessed, I think, by aome imp of mischief—begins to aing in the drawing-room, of which the door atanda half open. Her voice—that wonderful voice that holds tears in ita heart—oomea to ua in the gloaming . . Never to know—ah!—never— Never to know it—never- Net er toknow the heart that's breaking All for oar sake . . . The hand that reeted on the window-aill touuhea my shoulder—lingers there . . . rests there . . . "That is a sad song . ." says Captain Heneker. "I think your sister loves sad SOUS." Bis touch thrills me through—sets me trembling—but it is sweet. This dear hour will pass away; he is only going to thank me for being kind to— Francois; but I am having my day—and, oh 1 it is a beautiful day. Its radunoe will linger with me through all time . . . I had rather have this much and no more from him than all another man had to give. Things areas bad with me as that—they oould .hardly be worse, could they ? . . . Surely I have fallen headlong from the rostrum, cast aside philosophy^ cap and gown, and beoome a very woman—and not mnoh to boast of at that either. Again comes that aad refrain, and this time my companion takea it up, and—still watching me intently, atill with Ida hand upon my shoulder— repeats its burden of regret and longing— " Never to know," he says softly; " yes, that would be sad indeed. To know that some beautiful, great gift of tenderness were a possible thing, and to be unable to take it— that would be hard enough—but better than never knowing at alL Never to know, and to let the * might be' slip—that would be the worst that could befall, to make a mistake, a mistake made in all good faith, and so make two lives barren. Cicely, have I done this thing? Can you forgive me, dear, for a well- intentioned fie ? Nay, do not shiver like that, or I must gather yon in my arms and hold you olose, whether you will or no. I can call it nothing less than a lie, for did I not tell you. the old madness was dead, the old tenderness and passion but as a tale that ia told, and all the while my heart waa beating for you, dear j my arma longing for yoa, my life empty for lack of you, and now, will you oome to me, my darling, my darling—do yon lore meenoueh, Cicely?" ' Uy bead lies back upon his breast, his lips seek mine, and my answer has to be a dumb show. The sad refrain goes on—bat its sadness cannot touch me—why fear lack of knowledge, when I know my lover's heart—not as in a glass, darkly, but as those who stand faoe to face, heart to heartland soul to soul ? The merry shadows thrown by the firelight dance upon the wall—the sunset orange dies from behind the pinea—and Bab breaks into a many roundelay. "Thatis better—that suits our humour, does it not?", says Ludovick. "May be you wQl be lee* silent now, lady miner* He bends over me with tender rallying, kissing my mouth, my eves and hands, and than holding me a little from him to look at me the better. I am gathering myaelf together to aay what .must be said. He will not have to complain of my silence long. "If I have been silent," I say at last, " it ia aa Ciaudio waa—Silence is the perfect f famldofjep. . . . I vtere but Utile hippy .if. I cotUasag much. There—let me go—juat ft little while—I will not go far away—bat I mast speak, and you must listen—you must be silent now. . , ." i take my stand before him. with my , bands clasped close and falling against my dress—with a beating heart but a resolute one too—with a whits fo°e, I doubt not—but tha firelight ia kind and covers a multitude of facts. "Yes," I say—and I am pleased to hear that my voice is steady though low—"yes, you did make a mistake. You thought that Walter Seabright was my lover. I waa very foolish, very weak, very unworthy. He sought me out, and I was pleased and flattered by bis notice. It was something new, and the life we lead here ia a dull one." I eee a smile curve the corner of his mouth at this frank adtniaaion on my part, and for a moment I falter; but the paaaion rising in me gives me strength. He should know all— all—all—alL . . . " I behaved badly enough to Walter, for I led him on. Bat the wound was not a deep one; there ia no harm done to him. The harm was done to me—to my womanhood, my self-respect." This is a harder admission than the latt; I have to twist my fingers tightly together aa I make it. "It waa all the worse beoauae I . . . loved you all the time . . - your comings and your goings made up my life . . . all other waya of measuring time became as things of naught. . . . No, do not touch me yet—do not take me in your arms again. . . . Let me say my aay. . . . I have not done." He bends his head, and then folds his arms—to keep them oat of mischief, I suppose. . . . " If I had loved you less I might have done more to help myaelf—but—I loved you so much that I grew dazed and stupid in your presence—and you were so ohanged to me— you . . . broke my heart. . . . Well —we drifted—as you know—but, when I thought you would die, the pain of it was so terrible I could not hold myself baok—I oould not help coming thai night, though 1 knew it waa a wrong thing to do—though I knew people would judge me hardly." In a moment he has raised his head like an angry lion. •• Haa any one dared," he begins, and then he mutters something in his beard that I think it best to be deaf to. "No—no," I cry—"and—I should not oare if they had. . . . It was worth all any one could say—even Mrs. Turnboys—to feel myself even that near you . . . then.'* " How long am I to sit here like this—and listen to you talk like that ?" he says, a little wildly; " what do you take me for—flesh and blood, or wood and atone—like yourself?" "0, you are very patient—you can wait," I answer, laughing, with such a happy joyous laughter that I think the shadows must danoe the merrier for the aouud of it. Then I take up my parable again. "If you had died—if I had lost yoa—there would never have been any good joy in life for me any more. I should have lived on, and done my work—mended and patched, and taken care of Molly and the beys—but —the heart of it all would have been dead— dead and cold." There is a little silence after thiB, and the shadows have it all their own way. Barbara's roundelay ia done too, and she playa a quaint bit of a melody that I know for " Old Daddy Dickiebird." " Francois ia there <" I aay. "Yea," says the Dad whom Francois loves so dearly. " I asked Bab to keep him while I came to help you ' idle,' Cicely. I think Bab knows. . . ." 1 nod—more than onoe. "Bab has been your friend all through— Ludovick." At the sound of his own name he starts and grows restive, as I knew he would. "It ia~a long time since any one haa called me that," he saya, deeply moved aa I can see; " it is very sweet to my ears—from yon, my dear one." "Is it? I am glad. But now you must listen to the rest" " Oh!" he says, with a little droll grimace; " there is more, is there? I thought we had done." "No, we haven't. I want to tell you— before—before . . ." "Before what?" A masterful imp of mischief is looking at me from my lover's eyes. I have got myaelf into a coil, and he aeea that I have, and delights in it. But I oan be masterful too. " Before I—oome back to you—aa I will—if you still want ine—when I nave said my say." "Say it—and be quick about it—I am not ao patient as you think—and—we are losing time that might be better spent." I make afresh start. " I knew that it was all wrong—" " What was wrong?" " That night—I knew that I was bold—unwomanly—that there was no excuse to be made for suoh a—such a—" "Miss Dennison—when you have quite done abusing my wife that is to be—will you oome and sit down here beside me, in the gloaming ? I have many pretty stories to tell you—fairy tales such a81 know you love." "I will liateu to your fairy tales when I have done, but not before, and even then only if you atill wish me to listen." Then my fear and pun get the better of me, and I begin to speak and plead in cruel earnest. "Captain Heneker, will you tell me one thing? Have you oome here to-night beoauae"— I hesitate, and he fills the pause for me. "I came here to-night because I oould not keep away any longer. 1 ' " But, was it because you thought you ought; because you thought you owed it to me to ask me to be—your wife ?" Perhaps it is one of the most difficult things on earth for a woman to tell a man she has compromised herself for his sake. At all events, I find it ao. . . . for I get no further, and stand before my judge, a prisoner begirt with shamefaoedness and fear. . . . I have shown that Ludoviok Heneker had a masterful way with him sometimes. He let me see his capabilities in that line now. For he caught me, and drew me to his breast and kissed me into silence. Then, having thus brought me into subjection, he answered my appeal. "When Mrs. Grim told me how you watched and wept that night I thought I should have kissed her on the spot. . . . I knew then that I made a mistake. . . . I knew that with the life He had given baok to me from the very shadow of death, God had given me my heart's desire. 1 thank Him for his goodness to me." These last words are solemnly spoken, and seem to hallow all my joy, lifting it nearer heaven. As for doubts and fears, they fly away like ghosts at daydawn, and hide their ugly heads for ever. I dare say other people besides Mrs. Tomboys said all aorta of ill-natured things. If any one of ua heard, all the things our friends —to say nothing of bur enemies—say of us, it may be we should run away and live in dens and caves, like the hermits of old. HappUy we dont hear them. And perhaps—if we are very happy—we should bring philosophy to our aid, ud not mind ao verymuob, even if we did. At all eventa, I am sure of this—that the wife of the Captain of the Coastguard is far too happy with Dad and little Francois to mind anything—even Mrs. Turnboys in her Sunday bonnet, quite the most terrible thing I know. THE END, 