A Tale of the Contmune. GHAPTER VI.-(Continued). 'Your cellar ? hum! I have never seen it, you old fraud !' replied the corporal, laughing; 'but .provided you bring up a couple of quarts of '36 for my men, and a bottle of good wine for me to drink with you, .I sha'n't trouble myself about the contents of your cellar.' Taupier listened in amazement, for this foreigner's French would have done honour to a native born Parisian, and he already began to fool a vague uneasiness. The allusion to the cellar made his blood curdle in his veins,' and he be gan to balance himself first upon one foot and then upon the other to con coal his embarrassment. While this conversation was going on, the soldiers had seated them selves, and with that instinct of self preservation that never deserts a Prussian, they had ranged themselves in a semi-circle, facing tho door, their guns between their legs, and the table in front of them to serve as a barri cade, if necessary. Tichdorf had placed himself astride a stool in front of his men, and was lighting an immense pipe. 'You have company to.day, it seems, Father Mouchabeuf,' he re marked-as he sent a puff of smoke up into the air. ' Yes. This gentleman is my nephew, who came here this morning with an ambulance, and who is going to spend the night with me.' 'tIndeed !' exclaimed the corporal, with an incredulous air. 'I could ,have sworn that I had seen this gentleman at the Bourse or at the Caf6 de Sudde.' ' At the Bourse,' repeated Taupier, more and more disconcerted. 'TiTrue!' exclaimed Tichdorf. ' It must astonish you to see a man who is familiar with the Cafd de Sudde commanding barbarians, who were vegetating in the swamps of Koenigs berg three months ago.' 'No,' exclaimed the bewildered hunchback; ' but I must confess-' 'It can be very easily explained, however, my dear sir,' continued the good- natured corporal; 'when the war broke out I was a clerk in the employ of a broker on the Rue de Richelieu, and I expect to return there when all this nonsense is over. But how about the cognac, Father Moucha beuf? Are we to get it to-day or to-morrow ?' ' I can't imagine what that good. for-nothing Polyte is doing; I'11 call him.' Tichdorf said a few words in Ger man to his men, while the proprietor shouted lustily for his factotum. ' There was no response. 'I shouldn't be surprised to find that the fool had gone to Malmaison in search of dead horses,' growled Mouchabeuf, for Polyte had been carrying on quite a lucrative business in the sale of horseflesh for some time past. ' Why, here's an alphabet !' ex claimed the corporal, suddenly. ' Are there any children about ?' Taupier was about to reply when a singular noise made him start. Some one seemed to be rapping upon the floor beneath their feet. The Piussians sprung up and glanced anxiously around them. The corporal alone seamed unmoved, but his face suddenly assumed an expres sion of malevolent curiosity. ' Did you hear that?' he asked, looking the hunchback straight in the eyes. 'Can it be that there are ghosts about your establishment, Fathei Mouchabeuf ?' ' It is the wind, corporal,' replied the proprietor, with evident embar rassment. ' The wind-down in your collar ? Nonsense! You can't make me believe that, you old humbug !' ' But I assure you, Monsieur Tich dorf-' 'Look herb,' interrupted that gentleman curtly, ' it is very evident that there are Frenchmen here. This is as plain as the nose on one's face, and if you think of playing any trick. upon me and my men you had better say so, or I'll have you shot this very second-you and this gentleman here who'is no more your nephew than I am the son of ,old Bismarck.' ' Oh, Monsieur Tichdorf, ,you cer tainly would not treat an1 old friend like that !' faltered'. Mouchabeuf, who had turned very pale. ' It is well to take one's precautions, especially as I have no desire to re turn to Paris as a prisoner of war. It would interfere too much with my operations at the Bourse.' And turning, the corporal, gave his men some brief orders in the German tongue. It was not necessary for a person to be familiar with that lan guage to understand that he had advised them to be on their guard, for the Pomeranians .instantly seized their weapons. Two of them stationed themselves at the door opening into the road'; two others placed themrselves at the foot of the winding stairoaso, and Tichdorl stepped up to the hunchback. The latter was beginning to heartily curse the weakness that had placed him in this perilous position, and he cast terrified glances at the soldieis whose manner was by no means'. rehssurring, for the non.appearancd of the brandy had' put them in execrable humour, and they were rolling their: eyes wildly about and gnawing their' long moustaches furiously. ' Now, Father Mouchab'euf,' re. sumed the corporal, tranquilly, 'let us proceed more systematically. The sound came from your cellar, and 'I suppose the o6rks of your.champagne bottles .' arcoly pop as noisely as that.'. -It ceortainly . Polyte. T ho: .n 'l-ust have broken some. i' proprietor, delighted A, o to havo'Tound a tolerably plausible explanation at last. ' Still another falsehood, my friend. If it was Polyte, he would have been up here before this time. It strikes me that the hour has 'come for you to make the tour of this famous cellar with me, if only to see if your stock of brandy is complete.' Poor Mouchabeuf nearly fainted on hearing this direct invitation. Even in ordinary times he guarded with zealous care all approach to this cellar, in which he stored his pro visions and liquors, but this evening the prospect of such an invasion was a thousand times more frightful. The idea of bringing Regina in his friend Tichdorf's presence was all the more appalling to him, as his plans in regard to her had undergone an en tire change. When he first took her under his protection, on the bank of the canal, he supposed her well-nigh an idiot, and he had based his hopes of 'personal safety principally upon his victim's infirmity. But since he witnessed the scene with Podensac, he had become entirely of Taupier's opinion, and he thought now only of getting her safely out of the way as soon as possible; and to show her to the corporal, especially after the personal violence to which she had .been just subjected, was to expose himself to a very dan gerous charge. The alphabet was still on the table, and the girl had shown that she knew how to use it. 'Come,' said the Prussian, ' show my men the way.' Mhouchabeuf did not move. ' Shall we not have the pleasure of your nephew's company on our under ground excursion ?' asked Tichdorf, maliciously. It was the hunchback's turn to tremble now. He had, in fact, been cutting a sorry figure for the last quarter of an hour, however. His gorilla-like hands were continually travelling to his forehead to wipe away the sweat that was oozing from every pore, and his crooked knees tottered under him. He, too, realized that the corporal would not be a safe confidant, and to speak seemed to him even more dan gerous than to be silent. "' Well, what are you going to do ?' insisted the relentless corporal. ' I-I haven't the key to the cellar,' stammered Mlouchabeuf. ' Bah! Where is it ?' 'Polyte took it when he went to get the brandy, and-' ' And Polyte has mysteriously dis appeared, of course ?' ' He must have gone to the place where they were fighting yesterday. If there is a horse killed anywhere within a league of here nothing will do but he must start after it.' 'Father Mouchabeuf, you must have a very poor opinion of my mental powers, if you think that I will swallow any such yarns as these you have just been spinning for my benefit. I warn you that I've had enough of them, and that I'm going to take my men away. Your brandy would cost us too dear.' ' As you please, Monsieur Tichdorf,' replied the proprietor, greatly re lieved; ' but I give you my word of honour-' 'Only before I leave I intend to take my precautions,' continued the implacable corporal, motioning his host to be silent. ' You must under stand that, though I like "to drink a glass of wine, smoke a good cigar, and read a paper here, I can not ex pose myself to any danger of being taken prisoner. That being the case, you must make way for some one else.' ' Mlake way for some one else.!' re peated Mouchabeuf, in the utmost bo wilderment. 'Yes; give up your establishment and all it contains to somebody else.' 'I-I don't understand you,' mur mured the wretched host. 'It seems to me that I make my meaning very plain, however. Sup pose, for instance, that you and your nephow should have a stroke of apoplexy this evening, and that the authorities of Rueil should come to verify the report . of your sudden decease, what would happen ?' 'But we are not ill!' exclaimed Mrouchabeuf, vehemently. 'Possibly not ; but we are all mor tal. Would not the result be that the aforesaid authorities would place an other tavern-keeper hero, with whom I could speedily arrive at an under standing, and who would not try to play any tricks upon one? You see I should be greatly the gainer by the stroke of apoplexy referred to.' '`You must be jesting, Monsieur Tic!~dorf,' said the host, huskily. * Not at all, 'as you will soon see,' replied the implacable corporal. And he gave an order in German to his men, who instantly collared the two Frenchmen and pushed them up against the wall. ' You are not going to shoot us, I hopel?' cried Taupier, struggling violently, but vainly, against his captors. "That is it precisely, my dear sir,' replied Tichdorf. 'But it would be infamous! 'I pro. test against such an outrage !' yelled the hunchback. ' What else can you expect ? I had confidence in your uncle, but that is all gone now ; besides-' M' onsiour Tichdorf, I swear to you, by all that is most sacred, that there is no one in the cellar,' gasped the terrified 1IMouchabeuf, ' and.--' The unfortunato man did not finish the sentence, for, he was interrupted by three still more violent blows upon the floor. ' ` What did I toll .you ?' exclaimed the corporal. 'You see, I" have no time to lose.' ' Loud!' ho, added, turning to.his men.: ' '. : The order was 'promptly obeyed. '?Merdy, mercy !' yelled the hunch back and Houchabouf in the :same. breath. ' We will'open the cellar.' 'Open the cellar,' repeated Tich dorf, with a diabolical smile; 'but what good will that do if there is no one there ?' 'But there is,' replied Mouchabeuf, who had lost his wits so completely that he no longer knew what he was saying. ' Yes, yes, there is a woman in the. cellar 1' cried the hunchback, hoping chis confession would save him. The soldiers stuod with weapons ready, and only one more word was needed to dispatch the two wretches to another world; but the corporal seemed to take pleasure in prolonging their sufferings. 'A woman,' he said, shaking his head; ' the sharpshooter's cantinidre, probably.' 'No; I swear that it is not,. Mon sieur Tichdorf,' faltered Mouchabeuf. 'It is a young girl, and she is really very pretty.' ' Impossible !' cried the corporal, with an incredulous smile. ' What ! there is a pretty girl in the house, and you have concealed. the fact from me ? That is certainly very inconsiderate in you, Father Moucha beuf, when you know that 1 have a weakness for a pretty face !' (ob be continlzed.) 