CHURCH OF ENGLAND, TALLAN GATTA. OPENTNCr SERVICES. The opening of the Tallnugatta Presby terian Church was continued on Sunday last, when services in connection with the Church of England (which body has tho joint occupancy of the building for two years) wore celebrated, morning and ovening, by tho Rev. A. J. Drowitt, incumbent of the Upper Murray parochial district. Thero was a good attendance at tho morning service. Tho officiating 'clergyman chose for his text I. Kings, viii. 10. 11, and delivered a short brit interesting discourse on tho .dedication of tho first- temple erected_ to tho glorification of God. A description of Solomon’s temple was given, and the preacher dwelt on the fact that tho inner temple, the holy of holies, was approach nblo but onco a year, and then by tho High Priest only. Since Christ’s coming, however, the temples woro open to' the lowliost of His creatures; moreover, a promise had been given, “ Where thero are two or threo gathered together in my inline, thero I am in the midst of them.” Me urged upon his henrers tho necessity of attention to their religious duties, and the. assembling together for public wor ship in God’s house. Many people wore prone to argue that they could read their •llible and poruso a sermon at home with us much efficacy as if they attended church. No doubt excusable hindrances 'cropped up occasionally to prevent church going; but \vory often thoso arguments woro put forward us an oxouso ior idle ness. He felt sum that services in a private house would not be blessed with as rich a blessing as thoso conducted in tho building consecrated to tho worship of God. He further dwelt upon tho plan of salvation as affected by religious worship. Tho mere fact of mechanically attending to tho services of church availed nothing; the means of grace woro not sufficient;—nothing but a living union with God was conducive to salvation. In these days there was too much self righteousness and pharisaical conduct prevailing, and passing under tho name of religion. IIo impressed upon his con gregation tho duty of living consistently Christian lives, to which end their hearts should be tho templo of the Holy Ghost. Referring to the church as a • building, Mr. Drowitt took tho opportunity of com plimenting the builders upon their work manship. Ho spoke of'tho groat ease with which he made himself heard, and declurod the acoustic properties of tho building to be perfect, which condition would prove highly advan tageous to the people speaking therein. He commented upon, the fact that the more peo lo imsuch a building, the easier it was for a speaker to make himself heard; and in that connection threw out a hint that the folks should attend service regularly and in numbers. Ho hoped that arrangements would' soon be made by which the church would be open on evory Sunday. He bad arranged for the bolding of Church of England services bore every other Sunday; but; owing to the fact of his ministerial staff being short of one, there would bo a little difficulty in'putting that., .arrange ment. into etfect for awhile. lie trusted, however, that tho people would feci it their duty to attend the church at all times, no mattur what service was being conducted. A special children's service was con ducted in the afternoon. . ' There was a largo congregation at evening service. The celebrant on this occasion delivered an eloquent _ di.-course, taking for his. subject. Galatians ,yi. d_, “ i’nr every man shall hear his own burden.” The seeming contrariety.exist ing between this order and tho injunction contained in tho second verse of tho same chapter, “ Rear ye one another’s burdens,” was commented upon in a thoughtful and exegotical manner, which dearly reconciled ihu two apparently paradoxical passages placed in juxtaposition to each other. The preacher in somo fine language dwelt upon tho individuality of the^sufferings of a sinner, whoso self home agonies of removso for evil-doing were illustrated as one way in which he must bear bis own. burden. Tho rev. "cntlemau next pointed out how they might help and cheer !he distressed and hopeless, how thev might eontrilmto to the assuaging of pain, so thill it might bo truly said, “How these fhrisiiatis love one another.” They were all liable to ti-ouhles and t rials, hut they should not despair, in view of the hope-inspiring scriptural exhortation. “ Past thy burdens upon tho Lord and He will sustain The offertory for tho day amounted to £4 os. 4d. . 