THE TRAGEDY. Qi-a*joo Ipse n-las-rrbnavldl.—Yiaou. Gatbisiiik atf Cltvast -ras a Lady of rank: She but binds and fine houaet, and cuh ia tbe Bank; She had jewels afid -legs, And alhtmund ttnirt thingt; Wu lovely and young", With a raMcr aharp tongue, And lbs wedded a Noble of high degree With the star of the order of Bt Esprit ; Bat the Duke de Quite Was," by rainy dttrrees, .' -. . . - - Her senior, tnd not very cuy lo pleas*} ■*. - He'd a sneer on his lip, ud a scowl with hit eye, And a frown on hit brow—and he look'd like a Guy, So she took to intriguing With Monsieur St Megrin, A young nun of faibion, and figure, and . worth. But with no great pretension* to fotlune or birth ; \- Ht would ling, fetter, -U-4 Atfit*, With tht ','".• bett man in Fr-tyee, And look Im rappee -nth R> eti«l-iei(A-{iis<« j Be smile', and jie jUtlan'o. inn, filjttan*. wilh ease, * '**•"" s^ And was very superior, to Mot-seigneur de Guise. "*'' Now Monsieur St Mrgrin was euriout to | know | If the Lady approved of hia passion or nn ; I So without mure ado, He. put on his -iir tout, j And went to a man with a beatd like a Jew. j One Signer Kugjierl, A Cutming-uian near, he j Could conjure, tell fortune-, and calculate tides, Perform trick, can the cards, tnd Heaven know, what -Ktklct, Bring back a ttr-j'd cow, tuTtr ladle, or •poon, And wu thought to be thick wilh the Man in the Moon. The Sage took his stand With his wind ia hit band, Drew a circle, then gave tbe dread word of camuiand. Saying -ol.mnly— "Presto! — Hey, quiet! Coci-a lonua 11 " . | When tbe Duchess immediately popp'd up before'em. Just then a conjunction of Venus and Mars, Or toinethiog peculiar above jn the itirr, Attracted the notice of Signer Ituggieii, Who " bolted," tnd left him .lone with his deary. Monsieur St. Ma-grin went down on Lit knee., And the Duchess ihed bean large at mar row-fit peat. When—finer tbe theck— A In-id double knock, Made tbe Lady cry, " Get up, you foil !— there*! DeGube!" 'Twos Ids Grace, sure enough; So Mon sieur, looking blutf Strutted by, with hit bit on, md flug-iingb;* ruff, Whilas, unseen by either, iwiy flew the Dame Through tbe opposite key-hair, the lame wiy the cam.; But alack! aud alai! A mithtp tame to past, In her hurry the, somehow or other, let fall A new lilk Bandana, .he'd worn v • tbawl; She had used it fur drying Her bright eyes whil<s crying, And blowing her note, tt her Beau talk'd of: dying I j Now the Duke, wbo had eeen it io lately adorn her, And knew tbe great C with the Crown in the v corner; Tha instant hi ipied it, imoktd tomething tmiis, And said, with tome eoergy, " D it! what', this I" He went home in a fame, And bounced into her room, Crying, " So, Madam, I find I've tome cmie to be jealous ; Look here!—here'* a proof you run after the fellows 1 —Sow take np that pen—if it't bad choose a , better— j And write, a* I dictate, thit moment a letter j To Muntieur—you know who!"' Tbe Lidy looked blue; But replied with much firrancu—" Hang me if I do!" Do Ouiee graiped her wrist. With his great bony fistj And pincbM it, and gave it so painful a twist, That hia hard, iron gauntlet the fle-th went tn inch in— She did not mind detth, but abe could not •land pinching; So .be ut down aud wrote This polite little note:— "Dur Mister St Megrio, The chiefs of • the League in j Our house mean to dine This evening it j nine; , I skill, sooa after ten, Slip away from the j men, J And yuu'il find me upatain in tbe drawing- ! room then ; ] Come up the back way or these impudent thieve. Of lemma will tee you; Yours Catueiuse or Cu.vaa.'' She directed and sealed it, all pale v a ghost, 1 Ami Do (falsa Put it Into tbe 1 wopeooy Fuat ; St. Mrs-tin bad tlnuat jumped cut of hi* skin ! Fur joy that day when the poat came in ; j Hi read the pole through, Then begin it s.taew, ! And thought it almost too good news to be ] true.—. - He claun'd on' bis hit And a hood over that With a cloak to dfat-oIM kins, and mike bim look fit; . . "-, So great hit atapetiaa-aee, from half after four. Hi was walti-taj till Tea at Do Guise'a back door. When ha beard lb* gnat doe* of. St Gene title ohimi - '■".. Ht tan up the back sUi-osM tia steps at a time; He bid ttaree made hii bow, lie hardly knew how. When alu 1 tnd alack 1 Then. wu no getting beck, Fur tb. drawing-room door ta bang'd to with a whack; In vain be applied To the handle and tried, Somel-ody or other bad locked it outtide ! And tbe Duchess in agony mourned her mi"- hap, "We are caught like a couple ot rati iv a trap." Now the Ducben'a Page, About twelve yean uf age, For to little a boy wu remarkably wge ; And just in the nick, to their joy trad imaie ment, Pupp'd the Gsi light* r'l ladder close under tbe cuetneat Bui all would cot do—Though St Megrin got through The window—below *looJ De Quiaa and hit crew, And ihiogh never man wu more brave than Bt Megrin, Yet fighting a score it extremely fatiguing ; He thrust carte tnd fi'trrt-. Una-ommuuly fierce, Bdt not BaJxebub't self could their euinssr. pierce; \- While hit doublet and hote, Being holiday clotbet, Were soon cut through md through from hi* knees to bit niase; Still iv old crooked aixpsues the Conjuror give him, From piitol md tword wai sufficient to uve him; Bnt when beat on hi* knees, Thit con founded De Quite Ctme behind wrllh ihe " fugle " that canted all thit brea-ae, Whipp'd it tight round hit ueck, tnd when backwird hod jerk'd biro, The rest of tbe resale jump'd on him and Burk'd bim. The paw Uttlt P»g», too, himielf got nn quarter, but Wai served tbe tame way. And wu found the next day With hii heels in the lir, and hit bead in the water-butt; Catherine of Clare* R»r"4 "Murder!" and ••Thieves!" From the window above While thiy mur drr*d her love; " TBI, finding the rogues hid *oerocnpliab-d bis sliughter, She dnnk Pruwic acid without any water, And died like a Dukes-ad-a-Dut-h-ss's daugh ter! - HOBA*. Taks warning, ye fair, from 'hit Uie of the Barrl>, -....'-.■. "... And don't ro whtro fortunes ire V»M on the cards! But ila-ev clear ef Ccnjoa-a- re—tiever put query To ''Wise Mrs. Willisms," or folks like ■ Ruggieri. . Wb*o -dun*, in your room thut'lhe door clow, and lock it; Aboy** aIJ-s-Kxw yooa BArossBCHiH, _„ *uett you too should tlumhlc, aad Lord Leve ton Cower, h. Be call'd on--tad poctl-ti tell your ud !" ■ -ftoiyt . ' Tat* safe coote-vati-m which never moves lest it fail, I abhor; it is the dry- rot in the church, and my hurt goes out to the man who never tolerated it in hii calculations. Safe comervatisra would havt left the apoitlet in •ftfa-st- nei- •■- "•".■■ 