Mr. and Mrs. Bowser. BY MRS. BOWSER. At 3 o'clock the other afternoon I accidentally caught sight of Mr. Bowser skulking about the back yard. He had acted very restless at dinner-time; and I at once felt that something was wrong. A caller came and I could not get out to the barn for half an hour, and then it was too lato. A horao stood in the stall, ani M r. Bowser stood looking at the home. " Hare you—you," 1 gasped. "Hare I what?" "Bought another horse after those two dreadful failures!" " Dreadful failures! I bought one horse and he objected to the neighbourhood. The other liked the neighbourhood but you objected to his colour." "Mr. Bowser, please don't buy another horse. We don't need one, you know, and you will surely get swindled." " Swindled! I get swindled on a horse ! Ifrs. Bowser, the man who can swindle me on a hone has yet to be born ! I know 'em from ears to heels. I can read 'em like so many books. We need a horse. Here was a chanoe for a great bargain and I improved it." " I'm so—so sorry !" "That's just like you, but I can't help it. I don't propose to throw $100 over my shoulder. I bought that animal for $200, and just in time to head off a man who would have been glad to pay $300. I wouldn't take $400 (or him as he stands there." I was much put out, and after a time Mr. Bowser followed me into the house and said: " Just wait a week, and if he doesn't turn out all right I'll sell him for the $300 and giro yon the extra $100." Nothing further was said until the next morning, though in the meantime I heard Mr. Bowser telephoning about condition powders, branmashes, toe-weights, quarter-boots, hand holders, and throat-sweaters. It seemed to me that he ordered about $50 worth of those things. Twice in the night he got up and raised the back window to listen, and he was out of bed and out to the barn with the first beams of daylight. He came into breakfast with a smile all over his face, and annoanoed: " Mrs. Bowser, yourself and your child are invited to a sleigh-ride after breakfast." "You don't mean it?" " But I do. Not only that, bat I hope to show you a gait that will throw snow in the eyes of all who follow." He h«d borrowed a neighbour's cutter and bells, and after breakfast I got ready. Mr. Bowser said it was better to make our start from the barn, and when I got out there I • found a lengthy, raw-boned, wild-eyed equine pawing the floor and working his ears and anxious to be off. " He looks dangerous," I said after watching him a minute. "So does a stuffed lion, but he isn't. How ever, if you are a coward I'll ask Mrs. Johnson to go." " Mr. Bowser, you are as pale as a ghost and all in a tremble. You are afraid of him your eelf." . " W—what! Afraid of him, or any other horse living! You can't go with me, Mrs. Bowser ! Go right into the house !" I held the horse while he shut the barn door, and I sized the animal up as a vicious brute. I fully expected a calamity of some sort, but I would not back out nor let Mr. Bowser go alono. I entreated him to unhitch, but he glared at me and replied: " Have you gone clean daft ? This horse is as gentle as a rabbit, and I'd as soon let the baby drive him. Whoa, Claudius ! Now you may go." But Claudius didn't go. He pawed the earth and the air, stood on his hiad feet, and seemed to have struck a circub. " Is thin a blooded horse P" I asked of Mr. Bowser, who was looking puzzled. " Certainly. He's a Fearnaught." " Then he doesn't foar us, does he ? And do Fearnaught horses always go through these •unning tricks before they Btart off ?" "Keepßtill! Go on, Claudius!" Claudius dropped down on all fours long enough to use his hind feet and send the dash board of the cutter flying high above our heads, and as I picked the slivers out of my bonnet I asked Mr. Bowser if he hadn't better let the baby drive. Just then the beast started. He started with a Bort of hop, skip, and jump, which gave me the impression that the cutter wanted to get over the fence into the next yard. After getting a start the horse laid himself out for a run, and as I realised this I said to Mr. Bowser, whose eyes hung out like onions: " He was warranted perfectly docile, wasn't he? This is only his way of getting down town, isn't it?" " He's running away!" shouted Mr. Bowser, as his hat blew off and a great clod of snow whizzed by his ear. " But you ain't afraid of any horse living, yon know! It's probably some freak on the part of Claudius. What a delightful pace!" Whatever else could be arid against the horse, he was a runner. He had a contract to draw us at the rate of a mile every three minutes, and he didn't stop to count the oost. How we managed to dodge street cars, sleighs, cutters, and tracks, and to turn three or four corners in safety I can't explain, but it was perhaps because I had the lines and Mr. Bowser was looking for a soft place to fall out on. The brute stopped after a two-mile dash, and when I brought nim up to the curbstone a polioeman had to lift Mr. Bowser out and give him a swallow of cordial to brace him up. " I had him almost stopped when a cramp caught me," explained Mr. Bowser to the crowd. " Rats!" called half-a-dozen roiees. " Say, old man, you aren't fit to drive no such beast as that!" " Nobody but a fool would have bought suoh a brute!" " Come off, old man, and buy you a hobby horse!" Mr. Bowser and I went home on the ear. We didn't say much until we reached the house. I wasn't going to say much then, but Mr. Bowser turned on me with: " Now, then, explain your conduct!" "What?" "In snatching those lines out of my hand and trying to make a heroine of yourself! Mrs. Bowser, there is a limit to all things. You have reached that limit! I may not be home again this week!" But ne was. Indeed, he has been very humble ever sinoe. He got rid of the horse next day, gave me money for a spring bonnet, and it is mutually understood that we don't refer to the past.— Detroit Free Preu 