ESK. The regular sitting of the Esk Land Court was held on Tuesday, before the commissioner, Mr. N. Rule, when the following applications for certificates were dealt with:— Granted: Walter W. Scott, 392 acres, Avoca ; James M'Cann, 72 acres 3 roods, Biarra. Adjourned for inspection: M. J. Beattie (nic Walker), 80 acres, Bow man ; Robert D. Soden, lft) acres, Cressbrook; Mary Lawler (nic BTGrcevy), 160 acres, Biarra j Daaiel M'Naraara, ICO acres, Byron; J. i\ ll.Eedlia,o7acres, Cressbrook. The Emperor of China ia now in his 18th year. There will be a national exhibition in Palermo in 1891. The British Museum has acquired a marbla Diana larger than life for the Greek rooms. A statue of Balzac is to be erected in his native town of Toon. It will be the work ol Paul Founder. Mr. Raggi has completed his colossal statue of Queen Victoria, which ia designed as a jubilee memorial. In order to popularise their own wares, the German champagne-makers are said to pat German labels on French wines. A Parisian who had the misfortune to be run over by a swift-moving vehicle bequeathed 100,000 francs to the city to build bridges over crowded streets at dangerous points. The English plunging championship was won on Bth October by G. A. Blake, with a plunge of 71ft. 3in. Two days before he had made the unprecedented plunge of 75ft. 7in. The Buffalo Express says:—"The United States will have, when the count of 1890 oomes to be made, more great cities than any other country in the world now has or ever had." Hardly any of the loans made by a Chinese bank go above £20, while most of them are for less than £4. A native who borrows of a bank must give security for five times the loan, and also agree to lose his head if he can't pay up. J. J. Tissott, hitherto ohiefly known as an illustrator for the Paris Boulevard and Salon, is engaged upon a pictorial life of Christ, to be illustrated by some 260 paintings, and left re oently for Jerusalem; where he intends to studj the archaeological details. The colossal statue of William Perm, which is to surmount the tall tower of the new City Hall at Philadelphia, will be the largest bronze figure ever oast, standing 37ft. in height. Th« model is completed, but there is no foundry in the United States where the casting can b« done. According to a writer in the Pall Mall Gazette, the United States crude petroleum oil is to that of -Russian crude as cream ia to skim milk. The former, he declares, yields about 75 per cent of the finest quality of illuminating oil produced in any part of the world, while the Russian crude yields only about some 29 per cent of a really inferior illuminating oil. Some very curious autographs have been dis posed of at a sale in Paris. The collection oontained two letters from Henry IV. to Gabrielle d'Estrcoß. One is dated 1508, and it was sold for 500f. It oommenoos with the words "My heart," and closes with "I kisa you one hundred thousand times." The King speaks of hawking and fishing, and of the pike and carp which he has in view for "Fontene belicau. In the seoond letter, which ia much shorter, he sends one million kisses. This fetched 260f. —oheap at the money surely, for those who like that sort of thing. A letter from Louis Philippe to the Princess Marie Am6lie, dated 1826, describing a journey from Paris to Eu, was sold for 118f.—a less sum by 82f. than was obtained for a letter from Prince Louis Napoleon to his fatter. It was written at Spoleto in 1833, and gives some account of the Revolutionary movement which he and his brother were then trying to bring about in Italy. Prince Louis assures his "cherpapa" that if the ghost of his great uncle could see him and his brother it would be very pleased with them. 