(From our Special Correspondent.] LONDON, April 20,1839. Straws show which way the wind blows. Twelve months ago what an outcry there would have been had the Prince of Wales held any communication with Mr. Parnell. let now It seems quite the right and proper thing for his Royal Highness to ask for an Introduction to the Irish chief. Very little doubt prevails relative to the verdict of the commission jadgea. Sir James Hannen threw oat a tolerably broad hint when at the close of Sir Charles's thrilling peroration last Friday he ejaculated audibly to Brother Day—" A great speech, and worthy of a great occa sion,'^ compliment that was at once paved on in a little note to Sir Charles. The ap pearance of Mr. Parnell In the witness box may po?sibly rearouae a little Interest In the proceedings, though Sir R'chard Webster will scarcely dare to handle him in cross-examination at all offensively. It 1b not, I fancy, generally known that the late Lord Ely was several years ago an aspirant for Prlrcass Beatrice's hand. Hlb mother has alway? been the Queens dearest friend and confidante, and the young marquis saw much of the princess at the time. The match was pronounced ont of the question for many reasons, but Lord Ely remained faithful to the princes?, and never (even after she espoused the Batten oerg) proposed marrying. His lordship left orders that hU remains should be cre mated, and the Incineration was, not without Borne difficulty, duly carried out at Woking on Saturday last. Lord Au gustus Loftus could not be present, but his son Captain Loftus represented him, and the brothers of the new peer were of course in attendance. The drawbacks to the cremation process In England appear to be precisely those I noticed at Milan. At 3 p.m, after the burial service (all save the portion usually read by the grave) had been performed in an adjacent church the mourners adjourned to the cremato rium, and the corpse having been reve rently withdrawn from the coffin was laid on an iron car. The door of the burning fiery furnace then opened, and the clergy man ejaculating " dust to dost, ashes to a?hes," the car with its human freight ran quickly in. Themournersthenadjournedto the cemetery to wait about for a couple of hours whilst the incineration proceeded. One can easily guess how a lively Imagina tion would run riot nnder such painful circumstances, and whether, assuming the frizzling deceased to be a relative of one's own, those two hours would pass very pleasantly. At about 5 o'clock Lord Ely's cremation was announced to be complete, the fires were let out, and his lordship's ashes collected and placed In a Doulton jar, which the executors took back to town with them. Both the Emperor and Empress of Austria have, I understand, suffered very seriously from the shock and disgrace of the Crown Prince's Bad end. The case of the Empress Is the worst, as symptoms of mental disease manifested themselves soon afterwards, and now her Majesty's de lusions are so numerous and recurrent that it Is seriously feared she will pre sently become permanently insane. The Emperor's mind is all right, but he has ceased to take any Interest in affairs of State, and political troubles and intrigues are multiplying. The question "What is eloquence?" which has been pretty frequently dis cussed since Jno. Bright a death, seems to me appositely answered In the follow ing line?, which are part of a sonnet on the "Great Tribune," by E KB. (E. H, Bourdillon): — For thine was the deep eloquence of sou], Which, like the steed owning one kingly hand, Obedient to its master's sole command, Held the mute spell uuuud gazrca ?t control With that swift lurion of the neart and mind Parental of those thjUghU which shake man kind. Airs. Blair having achieved her object and become Duchsss of Sachetlaad naturally dceen'c see the force of vege tatirg in Florida all her days, and Has already persuaded the reluctant duke to return to England and the bosom of his family. The happy pair are in fact even now on their way home. Society Is naturally intensely curious to know the line which Lord and Lady Stafford, Lord and Lady Cromartie, and the Leveaon- Gowers generally mean to take up with regard to the new dnchess. Recognition and avoidance seem almost equally impos sible. A great deal that Is both untrue and unkind has been written about Captain Goldsmith Hunt, the unfortunate man who, In a fit of ungovernable rage, first of all shot his paramour and then commit ted suicide in a house at St. Pancraa last week. As oaual In such cases the sym pathy has been entirely with the ** poor victim." In this case a Miss Marie de Braham (or Emily Greene, as she was really called) and Hunt is accused of every sort of villany. The girl was a chorister at the Avenue Theatre for a long time, and well known about town. Vain, greedy, and shallow, she had all the faults of her class, and few virtues. To make men jealous and set them at one another was her prime amusement. Poor Hunt more par ticularly she delighted in rousing. He was a big, boyish, hairy man, with a jolly laugh and Bohemian manners. He was honestly fond of the girl, and her "goings on" with other men made him frantic with jealousy. When the final catas trophe occurred she had come back to live with Hunt, but could not forbear taunt ing him with reminiscences of recent amours. Hunt, who was always declaring wfcen enraged that he should shoot her and himself too, appears to have curled out his threat on this occasion. A significant feature of the St. Pancras tragedy was to my mind the light in which the murdered girl's family looked upon her moral character and irregular mode of life. A brother, who gave evidence at the inquest, spoke of his sister as a per fectly qaiet, good-natured, respectable girl, and then went on to say quite pro ealcly that Bhe had an allowance of £150 a year from a gentleman, whose mistress Bhe had been, but who had now married and settled down. Besides, he added, Marie had plenty of " friends" who kept her well supplied with money ; in fact, she might and could have lived happily and comfortably but for her fatal " spooni nees" for Captain Hunt. The brother's feeling agaln?t Hant was one of hot anger, not because the guardsman ill-used his BLiter, but because the captain (despite his frantic jealousy) allowed Marie to ob tain money from other men to minister to his necessities. That, Marie's brother conld ccc, was blackguardly. What he couldn't or wouldn't see was that there had been anything irregular or calling for his lntet ference In his sister's mode of life. An aniu?lng story, writes a London correspondent of the Leeds Mercury, is going about as to how 8 very young gen tleman received by mistake an invitation to a royal dinner party. He was as tonished at the " command," but did not jump to the conclusion that it might have been intended for his more mature and more sporting namesake. On reaching the house the royal host, while not in the least recognising bis beardless guest, re ceived him on the strength of his name with the utmost urbanity; and It was only when, after waiting a while for the real " Simon pure," that his Royal High ness guessed what had occurred, and that the card of Invitation had been left by his equerry at the wrong address. He was consequently all the more careful not to allow his young guest to arrive at a elmUar solution, and therefore paid him every attention, and allowed him to leave without once fainting at the mistake which had been made. At the present moment he b said to be the only man In i London who Is not aware that he was an "unexpected guest" at the royal pinner party. This being Passion Week most of the* first-class theatres are closed. Irving set the example In 1831, and now more houses seem to follow suit every year. The failure of " The Panel Picture " (the mounting of which cost £2,000) at the Opera Comlque was ao complete that Sirs. Berlnger had to take It off at once, and dow plays "Little Lord Fauntleroy " In the evenings. As usual when there is a total collapse of this sort the company ex pected a great success. The Garrick premiere next Wednesday will be a great occasion. The company is a very strong one, Including Mr. Forbes Robertson, Mr. Cathcart, Mr. Sydney Brougb, and of coune Mr. Hare himself, aleo Mrs. Bernard Beere, Miss Kite Rorke, Miss O'ga Nethersole, Miss Blanche Hoylock, and Mrs. Carton Murray. Plnero's newdrama, "The Profl igate, 1' alone forms the bill-of fare, a song which will be enrg In the second act being composed, we are informed, by Sir A. Sullivan. ''Buffalo Bill" has at length come to an arrangement with the Paris municipal authorities, and obtained a suitable site for the erection of the "Wild Wild West" show. It will be much larger and smarter in every way than It was in London, and should draw " tout Paris." The success of Burnandand Salomon's cantata "Pickwick" has Induced Solomon to try his hand at a musical version of the "Area Belle," aptly re-named "Hot Coppers," which will presently be pro duced at the Comedy Theatre. Signs are not wanting that the popu larity of Mr. Rider Haggard is on the wane. Tillotsons were far from satisfied with "Colonel Quarltch, V.C ," and now I hear that the Illustrated London Neics people are grumbling a good bit over " Cleopatra." They paid the young man £2,000 for the serial rights only, and they say it has not raised the paper's circula tion 10 copies; In fact Besant's " For Faith and Freedom," which preceded "Cleopatra," was probably better litad. I notice too that a small set of first editions of Haggard's books which a well known secondhand bookseller has been trying to get rid of for the past 12 months won't sell, though the enterprising trades man now catalogues them at half the price he asked last year. On the other hand, however, it is fair to say great acconnts are going the rounds of Mr. Haggard's new Icelandic romance. " Dear Andrew with the brindled locks" (as Stevenson calls Lang) swears the story i% the finest thing Haggard has done, and the Savile Club are all expectation. I learn from the same quarter the scene of onr author's next novel will be laid in Assyria, and that he means to get the greater part of It up on the spot. The new number of the Universal Becieic lasned last Monday contains two interesting memorial articles on "John Bright" by the great Tribune's stanch comrade, the venerable Ohas. Pelham Villiers, atd by Professor Thorold Rogers. The former's contribution should not be mused. Forthcoming works of interest include a new theosophist novel by Marie Corelli, author of "A Romance of Two Worlds;" " Diana Wentworth," by Caroline Fother- gill; and " A Window in Thrums," by J. M. Barrie, whose admirable tale of journalistic life in London, "When a Man's Single," I cannot too forcibly com- mend to youngsters with literary aspira- tions. Pcor "Eohert Elsmere" has been preached upon, lectured at, and criticised to death. Vow I see he Is being used In the States to push tea, patent medicines, and " Bhoddy " generally. At the great store in Chicago, for example, ''every purchaser of five pounds of prime tea at half a dollar per lb. will be presented with a handsomely bound copy of either th?t immortal work ' Robert Elsmere,' or of Mrs. Elizabeth Shandon's thrilling ghost story, * Imogene's Shade, or Murder Will Ont. 1" In his new story, " Greifenstein" (which McMillans have included In their Colonial Library), Mr. Marion Crawford abandons Italy for Germany, and draw* for us an admirable picture of the Teutonic aristocrat, full of pluck, pride, and preju dice. The scenes at Heidelberg (or is it Bonn ?), and the vivid descriptions of the Korps carousals and duels, are excellently done and perfectly true to life, In fact this Is the be?t part of the book. The story Itself Is a terribly gloomy one, and the cul minating tragedy (which it would be un fair to Intending readers to hint at) over strained. Nevertheless *'Greifenstein " will distinctly repay perusal. The Duches? of Cambridge has left her favorite friend and muslco, Signor To?tl, an annuity of £500 a year. 