THINGS THAT" WILL END AND THINGS THAT WILL NOT END. BY R. W. ROCK. The death and resurrection of Christ gave men the sure prospect of a future life. However their hopes may have fluctuated before in this direction, the death and resurrection of Christ changed conjecture into certainty. 'Father, I will,' said Christ, 'that they also whom Thou hast given Me be with Me where I am, that they may behold My glory.' ' I go to prepare a place for you.' It is natural that we should thrnk of this life, picture it, and let our imaginations dwell upon it. It is natural that we should ask what this life will be like—what elements will color and give tone to it. Will any of the elements of our present life be there, or will any of them be absent 2 Some will be there and others will be conspicuous by their absence. Three things will be continued— 1\. God's favor. This is a good thing; God's favor i9 life. But many good things have an end. The purest and best of earthly friendships—that of David and Jonathan—was cut short by death. This good thingwill last—that is the beauty of it. It is not one of the many things that come under the auctioneer's hammer of time. Behind God's favor stands God's love, and this is everlasting. ' Having loved His own He loved them to the end.' ' For the mountains shall depart and the hills be removed, but My kindness shall not depart from thee ; neither shall the covenant of My peace be removed, saith the Lord that hath mercy on tnee.' 2\. Our life. ' I give unto them eternal life.' But the enemies of Christ live on, so that there is to this truth a sad side as well as a glad side. We shall live hereafter under the blessed influences of good or under the haxdeniDg soul-torturing influences of evil. Either in ' the city which hath foundations ' or in the ' bottomless pit '—in the blaze of heavenly light, or in ' outer darkness.' Unspeakably solemn thought 1 We shall live hereafter. Whatever else may cease, our life will be continued. It will go on and on, keeping step with the wavebeats of the eternity. 3\. Our growth. Blessed thought! There is hope for the fulfilment of our aspirations. They do not mock us. We shall yet be like Christ, 'conformed to the image of God's Son. God, looking at us, will see His image reflected in us, and we shall continue to grow in the divine likeness. ' High is the rank we now possess,' but we shall rise higher yet. Illimitable expansion is before us. Now our souls cleave to the dust. We are in a poor dying state. Our achievments are so small, our failures so many. Blessed be God 1 out of this we shall rise into life—full, perfect, divine, eternal. ' Death,' as Drummond finely says, ' is the necessary result of imperfection and the necessary end of it. Three things will not be continued— 1\. This World. ' The world passeth away.' ' The heavens shall be rolled together as a scroll.' ' Therefore love not the world, neither the things that are in the world.' • Lay up for yourselves treasures in heaven.' This world is not to be continued. There will be a ' new heaven and a new earth, wherein dwelleth righteousness.' 2\. Sin. ' An ever spreading rebellion is impossible in the dominions of God. Oqe day it will be shattered. ' There shall be no more curse.' What a comfort to know that sin's power is limited ; that it shall not have dominion over us, but will for ever and wholly be driven out of God's Home, and the children of the Home will be free from its presence as well as its power 1 ' There shall be no more curse.' 3\. Pain. Not only does sin disappear, but its black baleful train—pain, loss, disappointment, misery, and 'pale remorse, the ghost of sin,' goes with it. Before the mystery of pain, we stand dumb and helpless, How it troubles and perplexes all sensitive spirits. Thank God as a concomitant of sin, it must die. There shall be no more pain. The Psalmist, writing of the Egyptian deliverance, said,' the waters covered their enemies and there was not one of them left. So shall it be with the cbilnren of God. Of their enemies it shall be said, " there is not one of them left.' ' The last enemy tb»t shall be destroyed is death' 