&qseal; & g»Qa@gal Wa learn from Archdeacon Hales, that Bishop Montgomery will arrive in Laun C63ton i'roin Hobarfc to-day, fj,«d on. Sunday morning he will preach at St. John's Church. In the afternoon he will hold a confirmation service at Trinity Church, and will preach at the same church in tho evening. On Monday ho will pro ceed to Scottsdale, where he will remain till tbo following day. During the re mainder of the week the Bishop will vit.it the North-West Coast. In consequence of his recent bereavement all arrangements for1 a public reception have been aban doned. Tub November number of the Imperial,. a colle.tion of sbort stories and verses,, ha3 been forwarded to us from the pub lishers, Messrs Alex. M'Kinlay and Co., of Collins-street, Melbourne. Tho work is published in pamphlet form, and contains the following continuation of former articles and new sketches, which will, doubtless prove of interest to readers: — ' Babylonic,' ' Fool or Favourite,' 'The-. Delsarto Peerage,' 'A Happy Policeman,'' 'Peter Lalor,' and a composition in blank verse which has attracted some amount of UblCUUUU. 1UUUUUIJT, UUUlbLUU ? VlUbUllH- the Girl Queen.' Ws are in receipt oE the November num ber of the Australian Independent, the organ of Congregationalism in New South Wales. Tho issua comprises a photograph and brief skotch of tho life and labours of the ? Bev E. Griffiths, of Brisbane, chairman of the Queensland Congregational Union and one of the pioneers of Congregationalism in Australia. A copy of the rev gentle man's recent address delivered a3 chairman of tho .Union is also published. Ainongf Wie items of news published is a record of the great sucjess attained recently by Mr A. E. West, a former resident of this colony by his delivery of a lecture entitled ?'Picturesque Tasmania,' at the Y.M.C.A..' Booms, Sydney. A cablegram addressed '.' Willis, Snt ton's Coffoe Palace/' ia lying at the local'. Telegraph-office awaiting an owner.] c 'AiRANaBMtfNTa have bean made forthe opening of the Giblin Memorial Hall, 1 ?-'' . Fonnby, on New Year's Day. His Excel \- ? lenoy Sir Robdrt Hamilton ia fobs invited to. ?conduct the opening ceremony. Invitations to partake in .the day's proceedings are .also to be issued to the Ministry, members of both Houses of Parliament, heads of ?the English and Roinan-CatbolieChuroh«-s, and other prominent clergymen, tho ?Judgas, Mayors and Aldermen of Hobart and Launoeston, and Wardens and Coun ' oillora ^-oJ 'the various municipalities throughout the island. Arrangements are .?also pending to secure, if possible, the attendance of ft detachment of the Laun ?c.eston Artillery as a guard of honour to his Excellanoy. Taking into consideration the groat interpsttholato JudgeGiblin took in Sunday-school work, it is tho intention of the committee to endeavour to ansuro the , presence at tho ceremony of 1000 children to sing the National Anthoin. Every ?cffort'is to be made to obtain subscriptions ?bo that, the hall may. be.opaned . free of debt. . Immediately after tho opening pioeeodinga a basiar will commence in the hall, ? and a promenade concert, in ?whioh the City Band will take part, will 'bo i held during . its .progress. The ? ??bazaar, which will be continued during -the ifW.o following days, will, it is antici -pated, bo opened by ;Lady Hainiltsn. ? Though the .proverb that 'the 'tailor ?makes, the man' will ; not apply in this ?instance,, still a smart appearance is a ?matter which even a first-class band does ??well to study, and the fact that the Cityi ???? Bandsmen 'will shortly appear in a new rig out .will not lessen the attraction of their musical . performances. }' Wo ? learn ?that, a new uniform has been decided upon '??'.' '*nd thirty-five new suits ordered from Mr : Setnmelhaaek's establishment,, in- George-, street. : The suits will bo made. of. Tas . inanlan', serge, from Mr; V. ? Bulman's ? ' ' Waverley Mills, and : the pattern of1 the tunios will bo nearly that -worn by tho 11th (Prince . of WaleB's) , iHu'ssara. The dark blue cloth will be relieved- with white braiding with brass buttons, the latter 'bearing a band device. The facings, will be scarlet, with two small shoulder straps and white stripes down the back of the tunic finished with an Austrian knot. The ?trousers will have a red stripe relieved with white piping. The uniforms will be on yipw at Mr- Seminelhaack's early next week. . ?.. ? ? .' .'..:?, - The Avenue Turf Club Concert was hsld as advertised on 14th inst. (writes a corres? pondent) at-Mr.Spiccr's, ^Elizabeth Town, ' and, was well patronised. t Tha following ladies and gentlemen wore the .performers : —Misses RylandB, Sorell, M'Cormack, and ? Thomas; Mrs Thomas;. Messrs Morris, J. lTlynn, John Smith, Henry, 0^.* .Ready, fr'» ? 3 'Til- JJ—l. J. '«.' - T 'Daannd anil TP . JJkrUXJit X 1UUU&U;(*U- V ? J.IOJUV1) ? muu .*.- ? 'Walker. . ,Thore waa a large programme of solections, which were rendered in a most Able manner- and evoked hearty applause. A special vote of thanks from the ..Club was accorded to the ladies and gentlemen who had taken part, and a vote of thanks to the chairman .(Mr Spicer, jun.) brought a -ploaaant and enjoyable, evening's enter tainment to a close. ? ' In the first paragraph of our Mount ^eehan ' correspondent's communication, ?which appeared in our insue of last ?week, thero is a clerical error. The sen -tence commencing ' The West Silver King, although but a. Binall Company as yet, .appears to have some vitality, ets., should read 'The Silver King Extended, although 'but a small Company/' etc. Our mining readers will have doubtless noticed the error, as the West Silver King is defunct. *rheExtonded has all the vitality that ?'?'?? ...our correspondent's notice implies. . ;. . ?'? - : -A imstobn waa laid on the table of -the Victorian ? Legislative Council on .Nov. 13, which Bhowed that since the: intro duction of responsible government the amount of borrowed money that had been spent on* public works in the. colony waa as follows :— 1 an Yean Waterworks; .£2,441,088 ; eountry waterworks, including loans to trusts ? and other looal bodies, .£3,250,930 .;-. defences, .£98,300 j Alfred Graving Dook, £341,819 ; Parliament liousea, .£216,891; law courts. £347,323; school buildings, £1,063,502 ; public offite,£lC2;-m; Prince's-bridge, £106,258; ports and harbours, .£239,114; tranrwayB (loana to shire councils) £27,825; or a -total of £8,295.481. ? r A monkey detective recently brought a ?oriminal to justice in Singapore. A native \- -with a little boy, a bear, and a monkey, travelled- lately through several villages in the Straits Settlements, and inade a ? g'ood sum of money by his aniuaals' tricks. One day he was found -with his throat cut. -? ' 'T,he boy and the bear lay murdered close by; while the monkey had escaped up a -. -tree. The bodies, withthe monkey, were lieing taken to the police-station, when the monkey suddenly rushed at a man in the crowd, seized his leg, and would not let go. The man seemed so alarmed and anxious to get away that 'the p slice * became suspicious, and searched him, with the. result of finding part of the money .'belonging to the murdered native. The balance was discovered at his house. ?', A cabman was brought before the Bench -at the City Police Court on Monday morning ?: ... on two charges of plying for hire in the ' . yard of the Main Line Railway station, and -?'??'??' refusing to obey the station-master's orders to leave. Both oharges broke down on o ..'(?'?' point of law, but, as tho counsel for the ?defendant stated, it would have been more satisfactory both for the public and the ?.„?'? . cabmen, if they had been fought out. The cabman in question had been engaged by a gentleman to drive him down to the *tationw to take away some luggage, and while he ??was in the yard waiting for this gentleman to return to the cab with hia luggage he Was ordered out and refused to go. Mr. Collins, for the defence, urged that as pri ?rate carriages were allowed to stand ia the 7»rd whilo waiting for their owners a cab which had been hired, and was during the bime of the engagement practically .the private property of the hirer, had a perfect right to remain there during hia pleasure. From the evidence of the station-master it appeared that tho station-yard was let to one cabdriver, who in turn let in only suo.h cabdriverB aa ahoie to pay him for the privilege of plying for hire in the yard. At the invitation of Mr J. J. Macdonald, managr of the Launceston Telegraph De- partment, a number of members of the Chamber of Commerce attended at the Telephone-office, Public Buildings, on Saturday evening, in order to be present at a series of tests which were to be made with Hobart. The time occupied in carry- ing out the tests waa one hour, during which the Blake, Hobden, and Gowerbell telephonic systems were tried. The ulti- mate result was that the conclusion was arrived at that the Blake system, which is the one at present in use between Laun- ceston and the capital, was the most effective. Mr Robert Henry, Superinten- dent of Telegraphs, at whose suggestion the experiments were made, conducted the tests at Hobart, and Mr Macdonald at Launceston. At the conclusion of the pro- ceedings Alderman S. J. Sutton, on behalf of the Launceston Chamber of Commerce, thanked Mr Macdonald for the opportunity afforded the members of being present on the occasion. At Hobart several members of the local Chamber of Commerce were in attendance. Wednesday, 27th inst., has :be«sn declared, a public holiday, in Hobart on the occasion of the races, and at Westbury, that being the day fixed for the Western Agricultural Show. ; . ? ? Thk publisher has forwarded us an early copy of the Graphit Christmas .number, which will be issued on December 2 simul taneously in England, America, aud all the British colonies. The illustrations in this number are all in qolours, and it ean safely be said that -uch a literary and artistic shilling's -worth has rarely been produced^ boforu. Tho supplement is a splendid copy of tho picture of 'Jessica,' by Luke FildaB, R»A:, which waa exhibited at the Graphic Gallery of Shakspoar9's heroines. Amongst the other illustrations- are ??'.' A Boy's Droam of ChristmaB,' ' Christmas live in the Olden Days,' ' Christmas in India,' 'Children's Christmas Dinner on a Troopship,'' and very ' many others .of eqm!il 'merit. The letter-press oom'prises a Btory entitled 'A Singular Sense of Duty,' by Christie Murray and Henry Herman, and -'The. Romantio History of Lady .O'Kebury .'-_??: ;?..... . A . CABiinenAii . address'ed ' Wi Jones, ?E»q.,' Sydney. -'Hotel,' i» lying at the Telegraph-office awaiting an owner. ? ' AwaLO-A'aBTKALiA.N,' in the European Jftau OI vctouer ii, jwritoBi; — inure .uas been. muah. disoussion regarding Mr. Brad- . doa's paperi read before the-Royal Colonial Institute, on Tasmania, One speaker ariticised his remark that ' in the consi deration of the Australasian indebtedness ono point (viz., the acaumulated savings of Australasia) had been overlooked.' It is highly gratifying to be able to point to the recently-published assertion of ,a well informed writer on thiB head,, who says: — ' There is no country upen the' face of the globe-whioh has deposited so much money per head as thene 3,700,000 Australians have done. TheBe deposits alone amount to £28 per head, or a good £13 per head higher than in 1870, and they mark an accumulation of wealth in the colonies such aa tha puhlie here Hav* small notion of.' This shows that Mr Braddon did not ex aggerate whan he dwelt on the exception ally solid pesition of the Australian colonists in regard to aobumulated wealth. Mr.- Fawns, a Tasmanian eolonist of consi derable property, and one who has had, I believe, much successful mining experi enee, has just arrived bare aftor six weeks' sojourn in the United States, supplemented by a fortnight in Paris. I understand that he has come with full authority to float in the London market one or two very promising tin mines. . TJndbb date Oatober 12 the New York eorrreapondent of the Ag& writes: — Some time ago I mentioned the law that had boan adopted in the state of New York for exuoutioBS by electricity of all persons capitally sentenced for eriinas committed after Deaember 31, 1888. The firet man to come under the provision of the new law ?was a murderer named Kemmler, and his counsel haa been fighting hard to prove that the law was unconstitutional. If he could only do so ho would save his client from judicial death, aa he would then be able to show that hanging had been abolished by law, which was done when electro killing was adopted. The lower courts' had decided againBt Kemtnler, and so have all the upper courts, save the very highest, which has yet to be heard from. When it has rendered its decision there can be no further appeal, and if it goes against Kemmler he will have the honour of being the first man in New York legally electrified to death. Of aecidental deaths in this way we have one every few days ; unfortunate line mon repairing electric lines come in oontaot with. ' live ' .'wireB, ' and their deaths are generally instantaneous. One suoh death occurred this week, and another three weeks ago in this one oity, and the Mayor has ordered that all service on the electric lines shall eease until the wires have either been properly insulated on the poles or plaood in the subways. In Liverpool (England) there would be a distance sf seven yards between man and man if its population stood as far apart as they conld within ifci area. In Manchester the distance would be 17 yards.. In some other towns it would be a little more ;? and aecording to the nearness of man to man bo is tho extent of mortality. In places where there aro only '160 persons to the square mile the rate of mortality varies from 15 to 17 per 1000 ; where there are 400 to a mile 1 it Taries from 21 to 33 ; and where there aro over 4000 the death rate Varies from 27 to 30 par 1000. In Manahastar, where there are 12,375 to the square mile the average death rate for a period of 10 years _waB 32 per 1000; while in Liverpool, with ita 65,000 to the square mile, the average during a similar poriod was 89. The density of population increaaas not only one set of disoaaa's, but all sorts, as lung diseases, nervous disorders, and diseases of the brain. A WBITHB in the Pall Mall Qatette Bays : — Chatting theother day with a leading importer of Japanese nick-naoks, I waa surprised to hear how largely this trade has developed. Although 20 years ago Japanese goods were almost unknown in England, there are now upwards of 20 im porters in London who have agenta in Yokohama, and who, among them, import Japanese nick-nacka to tho value of. half a million sterling per annum. In bulk this trade means about 600 Iarg9 cases of goods a week entering London. Tho peculiarity of this trade is that almost every consign ment brings something fresh and new, and as a very largo number of the goods are intended to be sold at one penny retail they often goi off like hot oakoa. .:.- '? Thb total indebtedness of San Franeiaeo, according to tha annual report of the auditor, is £180,563. This in itself is a remarkably fine showing for a municipality bb largo and progressive aa San Francisco; But when compared with the t»tal assets the indebtedness, ia astonishingly insignifi cant.': The present value of oity property ?is estimated at £10,000,000, and includes both City Halls, gaols, reformatory insti tutions, engine and school houses and lots, outside lands, water lots, parka, and all the* various apparatus and furnishings of all the city lhatitutions. , Most of the' landed property of the city is growing in- value constantly ; so that the assets will keep on' increasing. ? ' _ - - - . ' You have brought tranquillity to our. Southern land,' is the message which the Governor of the famine-striken provinoes of China haa Bent to' Sir Benjamin Benja min,' ex-Mayor of Melbourne, in reaognir tion of the ' assistance afforded to the suffering .Chinese by the . Melbourne Chinese famine relief fund ; or rather that is the translation of the message, because it is in the Ghineso language, and is em bosaad in black Chinese characters on a gilt tablet, Borne five faet long by two feet wide. A letter from Sir W. F. Drummond accompanies, tho tablet, explaining from whom and why it has been sent. It seems that ' the Chinese authorities had some difficulty in deciding what form their recog nition of the foreign aasiitance should take, as under the circumstances it was manifestly inappropriate to make any costly gift. Similar tablets have been sent to New York, London, San Francisco, Ade laide, Sydney, and about twenty other eities whosp . citizens subscribed to the famine relief fund, and each tablet bears a different but equally appropriate inscription. An attempt ia to be made in Glasgow (saya the' Scotsman) to introduce, a new telephone, styled 'The Pulsioa.' The telephone is a purely mechanical one, and ia exceedingly simple in construction, meroly consisting of a steel indiarubber lined button, to which the annealed steel wire ia attached, a copper diaphragm, and sound- conducting springs. No electricity is used, and there are consequently no bat teries to refill or insulation to get out of order. As tested on a line about a third of a mile in length, the sounds heard were olearer than those transmitted by the most perfect and best known telephones at present in use. There was no straining neeassary to catch the Bound even at a distance of a foot or so from the transmitter, and when the: ear' waB placed againBt the instrument the ticking of a watch at the other end could be dis tinctly heard. An additional recommenda tion in connection with the Pulsion telephone may also be mentioned. The line can be tapped -and communication obtained at any point by simply placing a hat or other hollow artiole against the line, and using it as a diaphragm. On railways such an advantage might at times of accident be of great value. As yet the Pulsion telephone is still in its infantile stage of development. It li»a only been worked to a length of six miles,' and for the present it is intended to introduce it in Glasgow privately and for short distances; The Pulaion telephone has beon at work in the United States for several months, and is stated to be much cheaper than other telephonic systems. In the Pall Hall Qasoite of October 11, a writer says :— Chang Chit-tung; the pre sent viceroy of the Canton provinces, who ia to be transferred to the viceroyalty of the Hu provinces, on the projected line of the new railway between Peking and Hankow, is one of the mpat determined opponents of the foreigner in China. It is generally understood that if he could have got hia way he would, by sending down hordes of the border tribes, have made it very hot for us in Burmah, He waa only kept in check by continual communications from the capital. Latterly, lam told, the lives and limbs of Europeans in Canton, have been much leaa safe than formerly. When I was in the habit of visiting the city of rams, in good old Sir Brooke Robinson's dayB, Europeans could wander anywhere at their own sweet will with as much freedem and more safety than they could in London. Now all this is changed. Sir Brooke is dead, and his successors have failed to gain the influence whioh hewielded over the astute oeleBtials. The consequence is that if Europeans choose to' visit unattended the temples, the ' Potter's Field' where the beheading takes place, or any of the other famous sights in the wonderful city, the risk run is con siderable. The talk which one hoars con tinually about China's growing friendliness to the outer barbarian is all moonshine. The Chinese hat* us to-dav u bitterly M they did: when we 'stormed the. 'Bogue. Forts'.- However- divided they may be in somo respects, among themselves, to the foreigner they present a united front. The only Englishman whom they implicitly trust is Sir Robert Hart, whose long and faithful service has compelled their ad miration. Sbvbral members of the Hew South Wales Assembly who are opposed to the principle of payment of members have refused to accept the money due to them' under the act of last sossion, feeling that they were elected purely as honorary mem bers, and that they have no right to accept payment during tho existence of the pre sent Parliament. The money in the mean time is accumnlating, and cannot be appropriated for any other purpose. Thb infant King of Spain ia (says the Poll Mall Gaiclte) besoming popular with his subjects. Not only has his physiognomy been delineated on the coin of his realm, but now his juvenile features are depicted on the postage stamps. of that nation. The portrait of so young a monarch is truly a unique occurrence in the records of philately. It ia a question whether kis Majesty's infant eountenanae as it now ap pears oa the adhesiveB-of his country will, say twenty years hence, be represented as juvenile as it ia to-day. '. A correspondent writes : — A series of popular lectures on scientific subjects has been delivered at Lakanham, Long Bay, during the past few months by Mr Wm. Bugby. The first series consisted of his well-known lecture on astronomy, entitled ' A Journey to the Sun, and a Trip to the Moon,' which was illustrated by a number of beautiful lantern views, exhibited by means of the lime-light, and was followod by lectures on ' Light and Colour,' with optical experiments; . 'The Air' we Breathe,' with numerous brilliant oxperi ments ; . and a course of three ambulance lectures on ' Our Bodies, and how to treat' them in Health, Accident, and Disaaao,' illustrated by practical examples . of bandaging, etc. The second series of these lectures eommsneed on Thursday last with the first of a course of lectures on ' Agri cultural Chemistry.' .The next lecture will be given on November 28j and will be followed by others on the same- subjeet, and, on * ' Our - English Cathedrals ;' ' Sound,'- ? with '?'.. experiments ; - ' Food,' with experiments ; ?'' Ghosts/' with optical illusions'; and -' The Great Musical Com posers.' ?.;.'. . . . ?. ' Wb have received, in pamphlet form, a copy of the interesting paper 'Root matters in Bociul and economic problems,' by Mr R. M. Johnston, F.L.S., read at the meeting of tho Royal Society in Hobart on Monday last. It is often a matter for ?mni-tjnl hnn TMV Jril TiRfnn nnTi finrl +imA fn devote to tho many scientific and social matters in* which he has for years done such good work, but it maybe that ho finds relaxation in what,..to the ordinary mind would . be a most formidable task. In the paper read on Monday last no less than 25 social and economic problems . are dealt with, the mass of statistical information, mathematical formula) and assumptions and deductions based upon these being sufficient to afford material for dissuasion at the meetings of the Society for the next 12 months. We hepe that the paper will receive wide aireu lation, for the problems dealt with ure of wide-world importance, and their treat mont can be better appreciated by quiet study and reflection than by public debate. The concluding chapter alone, on 'The struggle for {existence,' furnishes a yvide fi-ild of investigation and reflection. Ok and after Saturday next a train will leave Formby for Latrobe at 9 p.m., re turning at 9-40 p.m. every Saturday. The issue of the Sydney Daily TtUgraph for November 18 contains a grand record of newspaper enterprises. The Daily Ttle graph Newspaper Company, which has sur mounted many difficulties and discourage ments, has recently erected spacious offices of their own in King-street, and though the street frontage covered by the four storied building is limited, a far larger area is available at the rear, and haa bean utilised. The opening of the new offices was publicly celebrated on the 16th inst, when a largo number of invitations were issued, and the various departments, in which woik was being actively carried on, were thrown open to the visitors from 4 p.m. till 6 45 p.m. In . the evening a banquet was given in the Town Hall, which was crowded to the utmost to accommodate the guests. Mr J. R. Carey,, chairman of directors, presided, and amongst the 260 guests were tho leading public and business men of Sydney. The Daily Telegraph of the 18th inst., in addi tion to a full report of the proceedings, issued a large double-page supplement con taining well executed sketches of the principal apartments, ?which convey an excellent idea of- the manner in which the comfort and convenience of the employes, as well as the requirements of tke business, have been studied. The Company was started in 1879, but was re- organised in 1884, since which date it has made rapid progress, the credit of which is largely due to the manager, Mr W. Wynne, and the editor, Mr F. W. Ward, with whom has lately been associated Mr Henry Gullett, for many years editor of the Australasian. We may mention that the sub-editor is an old Tasmanian, Mr K. Nail, who for some years held a similar position on tho Mercury, was subsequently ' editor of the Tasmanian Mail, and left the Queensland Hansard staff a few years ago. to accept his present appointment. Under date October 18 the London correspondent of the Argus writes :— At a meeting last night Mr John Burns, lectur ing on the lesson of the dock labourers' strike, said that what first gave an impetus to the agitation was the suooeBs ful strike of tho gas stokers, and when tlie stevedores' labourers consented to throw in their lot with the dock labourora they proved really the backbone of the strike. It was urged upon ths strikers that they could only win by complete. organisation and tho exercise of discipline and self denial, and these virtues had beon nobly displayed. A committee of workmen had been entrusted with the disbursement of £51,100, and a chartered accountant who had investigated the accounts certi fied ' that no one had made a. penny out of it. When the strike was at its height there were) 100,000 men out of work and 250,000 mouths to be'filled. The committee were only receiving £300, a day, and they de cided to issue a general strike manifesto, of which some of thorn disapproved, bat which proved eminently successful. -The alarm caused when the manifesto was issued produced during 10 days an average of £2600 for the relief of the sufferers. Besides the material benefits of the strike, which would eliminate the casual labour from the docks altogether, and would give the men dependent upon dock work for - their livelihood moro permanent employ ment than before, the moral gain resulting from tho strike was not: small. They had utilised, the . meet ings as a means of improving tha men, and until workmen of all trades con quered themselves and their little vicesy and their- prejudices, their envy and jealousy of each other, until workmen throughout the world learnt to oonquer . themselves, they would never be able to oonquer their enemies. The other results of the strike were th.it over 160 of the 700- trades in London had gained about 10 per cent, increase in wages and 15 per cant, reduction , in, the wbrking. hours, and that there were 100,000 more trade unionists in London. He claimed, too, that tho strike' had had political effects, and that candi dates for Parliament had, through tha enthusiasm aroused; been obliged ia put social questions in the foremost of their programmes. . Tub Strahan correspondent of the Mercury writes :— MesarB Reynolds and Miles, who arrived by the Pioneer,' have lost no time in their preliminary work since obtaining the contract for the Strahan- Mount Zeehan Railway. Tha Pioneer brings a full: cargo of tools for commencing the work, .and I understand . that there are nine or ten horses on their way here overland in charge of competent drivers. It is the intention of the con. tractors to push on with the work with the ntinost vigour. They will commence with the wharf.. I understand that Messrs Reynolds, and Co. intend to put on a regular service of steamers between Hobart Mb William Ltnb, who died at hist j residence, Apsley House, Swansea, on I Tuesday, in his 80th year, was ono of the I oldest residents in the Glamorgan district, f having arrived in the colony with, his 1 parents upwards of 60 years ago. Fromthet Mercury we learn that his father, who was one of the early pioneers of the colony, received a grant of land from the Crown, about 18 miles from Swansea, and 10 milea from Bicheno, and by subsequent pur chases was enabled to settle his three sons, Messrs John, William, and Henry Lyne, on properties in his immediate neighbour hood ; Mr William Lyne at the death, of his father occupying the- original homestead of 'ApBley.' Mr W. Lyna has always taken a warm interest in all matters affecting the welfare and pro gress of the colony, and notably so of the district in which' he resided. Glamorgan was the first district in Tasmania which, took upon itself the responsibilities of local self-government, it was proclaimed a rnral municipality in January, 1860, and during nearly the whole of the time extending from that date to the present time Mr Lyne has discharged the duties of a coun cillor. He has also been a magistrate _ for the territory for 31 yeara. The faithful performance of all duties, both public and private, gained for him the respect and affection of all who knew him ; his death, will be severely felt by a large- circle of relatives and friends in many parts of Tasmania. In politics Mr ; Lyne was a Conservative, always retaining a. .loyal affection for the institutions and traditions of the moth ;r country. In all his charac teristics he might be fitly described aa 'the fine old English gentleman, one of the olden time.' Mr Lyne was twice married, the present Mrs Lyne surviving him, and he leaves five daughters, three of whom are married, and three sons— Frederick Lyne, of Redcliffe ; James Lyne,-- ' of Apsley ; and Xiouis Lyne, of JBowsden. His surviving brother is the much respected member of the House of Assembly, for Glamorgan. A pleasure excursion was made by a large number of people Wednesday, in the. s.s. Centennial, whioh left for Rosevear'a at 2 30 p.m., and returned to town early in the evening, having been favoured with exceptionally fine weather. ? 