PARISIAN ECHOES. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT) Can Russia be utilised as a central pivot of European peace by Austr[?] and England [?] That is the problem of fore[?]gn politics at present being discussed This indicates that Prince Bismarck no longer can be depended upon to secure con tmental peace, and his late blunders and rudenesses have alienated an opinion which he atone tune next to commanded Instead of bis policy, isolating the Great Powers by rotition, plus a concrete alliance with a select fen for himself, would it not be tune, it is urged, to recast the Powers, so that Germany heiself would be muzzled’ The situation of Itily is commanding much serious attention; she is sore tried with misery, and the armed peace merits every encoui agement for the sacrifices she has made to effect her unit), and to suppoit and uphold its prestige Hungary is kick mg rather stubbornly against obligatory militar) service, the nobilitj display no zed for the career of arms, prefeiung tint of peaceful commerce “Father*” svid the sous of M de Ti-za, “we prefer ti be agn cultunsts or liuyers like yourself, but if jou Older us to join the army we will obey ” At the lev lew of the army of Pans, on the forthcoming 14th July in the Bois de Boulonge, the new squadrons of lancers— the ladies* pets—will make their debut Is is suggested that citizens should be allow ed an opportunity of witnessing the action of the new smokeless gunpovvdei by a blank cartridge review in the Bois de Vincennes Outsiders, e»pcci ill) outside France, keep harping on the theme th it Boulanger h is no programme and possesses no political ibllity. The French themselves do not concern them selves one bawbee about a programme, they only want him tocle ir aw ay p irlementaiisnie, which has broken down aud that is be)ond either reparation or ledemption The nation is p' ofoundly discontented, demands the gene ral elections, to entrust to anew couche of lepresentatn es, the revision of the Coustitu tion. This task is not expected from any single man, Boulangei not excepted “There 13 someone wittier than me,” said VoltairP, ‘J and that is ‘ Everybody.'” The collective electors are superior to a single law maker. The only Lycurgus of modern times is Rochefort, lie once drew up a constitution for Frauce; it consisted of two articles—first Hothing exists; second- No one is ordered to excute this decree Until the general elec tions be held—whether on the uni or plun unmiii il sj stein matters but little —the axis of the oonstitutiou will uot bo changed. What that change will be depends on the voters The freer the latter the less possible a dictator. It is almost next to a coi tamty that the present politicians of light and lead ing will be summarily swept into oblivion I have been visiting the quartiers of Mont nmrte—once tiie stronghold of Cleinenceau and Belleville —the once quadrilateral of of Givinbetta. It was said these hives of working-men would make short work of Boulanger. On contrary, they voted solid ami straight for him. So did the in dustrial suburb of St. Denis I have mijced with many of these voters, the true working men, whose politics aie uot based on absinthe and fed with petit bleu. And what grief lay heaviest on their patriotic hearts’ The wound inflicted by the coemptions known as Wilsomsm. They love the republ c still, and they pin their faith and trust in Boulanger, whose bauds are glean. But they have not the slightest confidence in the present Chamber, and none at all in their quondam chiefs, who beguiled them with impossible promises, and aban doued their programme on arm mg at power. X was asked several times the significant question, “ Why have we not a stable Government likeother countiies! Why has prosperity so fled us’ Why ate we isolated in Europe’ * I found uot the ghost of ade sire to rush into war with any mortal, but a hungering and thirsting for tranquility and work. At the same time the workmen vv ould instantly repel any attack from Ger many, and are quite at esse as to their ability to do so They do not by any means view Boulangei as biamless. “We do not make our generals out of idiots,” say they; “we know he is a soldier, and only a politician of 18 months standing, when jealousies drove Inin into opposition.” If he keepsa corner in his heart for personal revenge, why that is common human nature. Aud if he made bat a tithe of the blunders of all the battledore and shuttlecock ministers, he would still be a success General Boulanger has never said mote to ln» countrymen than to be as stiong as money and science can make, for your own security, and to keep a close eye on Bismarck. It is only now that England—and, perhaps, Uncle bain —have iu this sense become Boulangists. Every top-savvper power has the right to say us Germany cl unis, “We fear no power but God.” Perhaps Tommy Atkius thinks so during his Sunday walks with his Jemima. The ancient Gauls had only one dread also, that of the heavens toppling on their head. It is not very important what Cabinet re mams m office till the geaeial elections The Floquet Ministry is as good as an) visible successor if it abstains fiom the official candidatism that so much shocked under the second empire. The great object with all should be, not to allow pvssmnate politics to militate against the success of the Exhibition. If the elections do not come off till October next, could not a Lamourette kiss be exchanged, but pledged to hold sweet for nine mouths ? But then many changes will have taken place in the world Germany may have helped America and England at Samoa—by taking possession of the islands. By then England will have drawn the chesnuts out of the fire for the winking Teuton at East Africa, aud made foi herself u deeper enemy of the Sultan of Zanzibar The Tribunal of Commerce of Pans is charged to regulate all commercial differ ences in Pans and its department—the Seme The report of its transactions for the year ISSS, vividly rell-ots the stvte of Parisian commerce aud industry The num ber of cases before the Tribunal were as few as m the grand crisis of 1870 71. The con dition of tiade is painted in the most sombre colors, one of the chief causes set forth being the augmenting weight of taxation. The small shopkeepers of the city ate being crushed out of existence “ Where hundreds aud even thousands of retul dealers existed in a quarttcr, they are now supplanted by a large establishment”—a kind of American store—aud whose on nor avoids ill trade con teutions and spiculative transactions. In the 56,000 disputes filed timing the last ye vr,8617 were refened to irbilratton Novv the latter ,13 of two kinds, grvtuitous and professional; the public cv idcntl) pi efelied the latter It is regrettable that the council of proud hommts works unsatisfactorily Politics would appear not to be stringer to the result Tins coun cil is constituted to regul vte trade disputes between masters and men; it is a jmy com posed of 12 persons, one half employers, the other moiety workmen If they disagree, the eas“ goes before the Tnbun il Now the number of appeals has largely augmented X’here were 1692 b mkruptens during the year, chiefly among those engaged in food supplies; some 134 indivinuils leeklessl) filed their schedules, and theie is no effective law to punish their conduct The pro motors of new companies were nut idle during 1888, they started 1577 new societies, with a collective cvpital of 3644 fr millions. Bubble companies ue more diffi 1 cult to start, as the fictile millions of capital are taxed in adv anci. Pans has now seven doctoresses, all deal mg with female complaints and the illnesses of children of both “-exes Two of the ladies are married; one is appointed consulting physiei in to the artistes of the opera It is suggested tb it one be also noniin tied for a siniilir office to the Chamber of Deputies In the biography of the Aiehbndiop Dar boj, vv hose ti tgie execution by the Com munists is well known, the stoiy is told that when in Rome in 1867 he vv vs warned b) a prophet—“ln 1870 jou will be shot bj the An vrchists ” Like Ins predecessor. Mgr Affre, he too hud down his life for his sheep By the new law of div orce a man, if Ins wife’s children are entrusted to the cate of her family, mu»t support hi» father and mother in law. A man twice divorced has just re married, aud has tluce mothers in law depending on him. Belgiavian mothers will please accept this notice, that there ne four )oung dukes, now private soldieis, in the French army. 