novelist. The Ghost of Oak Crag. \- » m Hit ESTHER SERLE KENNETH. The old Meadows house. Everyone in Lennox knew where it was. For y< -ars only part of it was occupied. The build ing stood upon what was called " Oak Orag," and rose, a great solemn stone building, nearly square, in the full sight of the town. Once it had been a very popular place, as the country seat of the Meadows. Parties from the city thronged it all s.ummer. It was known as a popular re sort while old L-rake Meadows lived. But . for years it had been nearly de serted, and 'most of the family were dead. The family had rapidly dii d out. Old Drake Meadows lost his wife and daugh ter, then parted with this life himself, leaving the property to two sons— one of whom, veiy wealthy, resided in Europe ; the other — well, nobody knew exactly where Rick Meadows was or what had „ become of him. He used to be known in the old timeB as the scapegrace son, who was always in difficulty. He had a kind of passionate pride, but no dignity. He was hail fellow well met with everybody, and used to go fishing with the tavern boys, and off on night expeditions after nobody knew what. A great trial to his rather tiffy proud relations, the towns people asserted ; but with them he was a great faverite. In spite of his pranks upon their per sons and property, there were generous ways and winning tricks about the boy. He would sometimes atone in the most lavish manner for his depredations upon their possessions — bringing back the fruit or ehiekens or pumpkins he had stolen at night, or if the property was destroyed, more than paying for it out of his pocket- money When angered or insulted, he would fight like a young demon, and drive everything before him. In his per sonal likiugs he was quite as fervid, and "to love and hate like Rick Meadows" had become a proverb in the town. But when the family left the Crag, one Rutumn, and never came back again, Riok disappeared from their view. He was a lad of eighteen then ; ana, not long after news of his father's death came, it waa reported that be had gone into the army. For. years and years the house stood empty. The garden run to waste, the fences grew dilapidated, and the trees seemed to sigh in a mournful way before the silent door, when one day a messen ger arrived from the city to say that Ed ward Meadows, the owner, wanted to put an occupant in it who would keep the plaeein order for the rent. The news seemed a perfect godsend to Emma Lamar. She never thought for a moment that the house was haunted ; for the place, like any other deserted habitation, had gathered disagreeable re- Krti. She only knew that it would be a me ter her brother Westerly and herself during Westerly's studies ; and she accordingly applied for itahd obtained h. The brother and sister were very different. Dearly as Emma Lamar loved her brother Westerly Lamar was bed, passionate, unscrupulous fellow. He had inherited choleric blood and a selfish nature from his father. All his mother's noble qualities seemed trans mitted to his sister. -Emma was the elder, being twenty-three. Westerly Wae Just of age. Resolute facing of a hard world had riven Emma Lamar an air that was a fittle grim ; but she had exquisite fea tures and beautiful, dark-blue eyes. She would have been a beauty and a belle if ihe had possessed the tastes and manners of a beauty and a belle ; but life was and always had been a serious matter with her.. She had seen father and mother die in her early youth; and now she lived for Westerly, who was not a very comforting object to live for. Westerly was studying medicine, and was, at least, an ambitious student. Of course they were poor, but Emma's capability kept them always in respect able appearance. She kept them also perfectly ipdcpendeut and out of debt, . , -r — '' - i - "'"L ! which gave them a strong claim to the re spect of their neighbors. When they went to Oak Crag to live, they had everybody's best wishes. No one. was particularly foud of Westerly Lamar, buc all wished him well for his sister's sake. Everyone approved of Emma Lamar, the devoted daughter and good sister. The first evening they spent at Oak Crag, both felt a little strangely. They occupied the west side. The remainder of the house was deathly still. That morning they had wandered through it, viewing for the first time the spacious rooms, half stripped of their furnishings, murky and dusty, and smelling of mould. The place was merely a curiosity to them then ; but when darkness closed over it, and they remembered what a changed place it was since the days when the grand old place had been their childhood's awe and admiration, the neighborhood of those cold and desolate rooms to their evening fire was a little oppres sive. "This is a pokerish place, after all, Em," said Westerly, after he had sat silent a while, listening to the moaning of the wind in the chimney, while his sister Emma sat by the hearth, absorbed in her work. She looked up. " But it is going to be so much better for us, Westerly." " It will take all my time to look after that old garden." " Not more time than you ought to give to exercise after studying so much." " But I want to go into the city some times." And Westerly Lamar rose, strolled to the window, and looked thoughtfully out at the pitch-black night. His sister was silent for a moment, then she said : "You mustn'l go into the city and leave me alone here, Westerly." "I'd never have come here if I had thought of that," exclaimed Westerly Lamar, impatiently. " What were you thinking of when you made the plan,Em? Did you want to bury us alive "We can't afford to be very gay, Westerly." " Afford ! I'll afford a decent life one of these days," muttered the young man, as he turned again to the window, and looked at the city lights. There was a look of peculiar concern upon his sister'B face as she went on with her work. She might have been hurt by her brother's ingratitude, or perhaps she was thinking her plan of coining to Oak Crag might be an unfortunate one. Her expression was very grave, whatever might be its cause. Westerly finally returned from the window to his books. As the moments passed, and the clock ticked loudly in the silent room, Emma's head bent lower and lower over her sewing, aud at last a tear splashed on the snowy linen. She had tried so hard to make the place pleasant and homelike to Westerly ! At least it did seem that he was unappreciative. He looked up at her suddenly as the clock struck ten. "Em, you had better go to bed. I am going to study till late," he said. Emma hesitated. 4 ' I'm not sleepy. . Won't you be lonely here, Westerly ?" " No," he replied. " I can study much better by myself." So, after a little while, Emma put by her work, bade him good-night, and went across the hall to her room. She sighed heavily as she let down her hair before the mirror; and, as she looked at the reflection of her face, she saw that her cheek was pale, and her eyes mourn ful and steadfast. She went to bed, but did not sleep. She watched the moonlight creep across the floor, and listened to the dismal wail? ing of the,.wind, until the clock struck twelve. Then she rose, wrapped herself from the frosty air, End stepped aoross the hall. She opened the sitting room door softly and looked in. The oil had burned, out of the lamp, and the wick sputtered feebly. The room was unoccupied, and apparently had been for some time, for the fire was out, and the atmosphere was ohilly. Enqma Lamar went back to her bed, and burying her face in the pillows, sobbed like a child. She realised her dreadful situation. Probably she would be left alone in that desolate place night after night, while her brother was away, Heayen only knew where. She had her secret. For the last three months her brother had been accustomed secretly to take the night train at eleven o'clock, gq into the pity, and return to his room at somewhere about four o'clock in the morning. She possessed thiB knowledge unknown to him. When he would make his appearance at breakfast, it would be with pale cheeks and bloodshot eyes, or sullen and heavy headed with insufficient sleep. With a dread that was almost a surety of evil, she had asked no questions. She believed her brother to be wedded to some bad practice, but she could not tell what. He was easily angered, and she did not dare question him for fear of causing an outbreak which would be no satisfaction. So, after most earnest thought, she had come to Oak Crag, hoping that the ohange of situation and the demand upon his time and attention might alter his habits. She was con vinced that the plan was unsuccessful ; and the prospect of being left alone in that gloomy place night after night was appalling. The clock struck one. Just then a slight noise startled her. She raised her head and listened. It was a step in the room above. Her heart stood still, and then commenced beating so that she was nearly suffocated. Her first thought was to lock the door of her room, She did this, and then crept back into bed and listened. She could distinctly hear some one going about over head, and for a while she was completely abandoned to terror. Then she attempted some solution of the problem. The house was old, and the noise might be caused by rats. But she could not, in reason, entertain this idea more than a minute. The step became a regular pacing over head. She was convinced that some one beBide herself was in the house. She lay and listened to the sound. Then she thought it might be Westerly ; but she knew too well that her brother abhorred those lonely precincts overhead, aud would by no means enter them by night. He was miles away, and she was alone in what seemed to her great danger. The suite of rooms that the Lamars had taken were on the ground floor! Emma's bedroom window was about three feet from the garden walk. Through the oak boughs the moonlight flickered on the floor, and she lay looking at it as she listened. Suddenly the sound overhead ceased. Wondering what this might portend, she listened anxiously ; and fearing, possibly, some assault, she re membered that her bedroom window was not fastened, and the room was of easy access from the ground. Springing up, she was about to slip from the bed and fasten it, when a shadow fell across the floor in the patch of flickering moonlight. She glanced toward the window, and saw a face — a dreadful, wild, ghastly, pallid face — with burning eyes that met hers for a moment ; then the - face disappeared, and Emma Lamar sank back in a swoon of terror. When she returned to consciousness, she heard her brother cough in his room adjoining ; and she knew that he bad re turned, and it must be nearly morning. With a feeling of safety, she turned upon her pillow, and, resolving to investigate the mystery as day came, fell asleep. It was late when she awoke, and she sprang from bed before she remembered the events of the night. It seemed like a dream as she suddenly remembered what the last night's experience had been ; and the more so when she threw open the windows and let in the ringing Bongs of the birds. At breakfast she told Westerly the story. He came out of his room sleepy and sullen ; but when she commenced her narrative he flashed into sudden anger. "I tell you the cursed old place is haunted, Em," he exclaimed. " Of course it is. There's no other solution for such sights and sounds. I presume old Meadow's ghost hauntB it ; and unless you want such visitors every night we had better leave." " If I thought it nothing more real than ghosts, and you were here, Westerly, I should not be afraid," replied his sister. ' ' What do you mean by my beiiag here 9" he said quickly. " You were not here last night, Wes terly," answered Emma, hardly willing to meet his glance of astonishment and anger at her discovery, yet speaking firmly. Westerly was silent a moment, then said with cool bravado, — " I had business in the city. Aud I'll tell you what, Em, I may be away any night. So, if you don't want to be left alone here with the ghosts, you'd better find some other abode. For my part, 1 never was in favor of coming her." " Why, what can you want in the city at night, Westerly ?" said Emma, sorrow fully. 'That's my business," replied Westerly, gruffly, bending over his breakfast. Here the conversation dropped, for Emma felt too deeply for words, aud Westerly ate his breakfast in silence. During the foreuoon they went about their separate occupations ; but in the afternoon Euima came into the sit ting-room where her brother sat studying, and laying her hand lightly upon his arm, asked, — " Westerly, will you go up stairs with me ?" " What for ?" he asked in surprise. " To see if any one is there, or has been there," she said. For a moment he looked incredulous. Then he rose slowly, saying, — " Why, Em, you must be a fool ! How could any one get into those rooms ? They are locked in every direction. But I'll go up if you like." They went up-stairs. The stairs were broad and the steps low. The halls, dusty and sunny, echoed their voices when they spoke ; but, though lonely, the place was not in any degree fearful. They unlocked and opened room after room, all of which looked silent, and un disturbed. At last they came to the ohamber from whence had proceeded the sound of footsteps the previous night. Emma Lamar's heart beat hard as she un locked the door. Tney entered. The room was silent, and echoed the creaking door. All was perfectly still and undis turbed. Westerly laughed as his sister looked about the room. " Do you suppose ghosts leave any marks to track them by ?" said he. " Come, Em, don't be silly any longer, I tell you no liye person could have been in the room last night." " What is this ?" Emma picked up; a glove from the floor, Both examined it in surprise. It was a man's buckskin glove, gauntleted, and fastened with a heavy gold button, on which were engraved the initials, " R.A1." The glove bore the impress of a shapely hand ; but it was impossible to tell how recently it had been worn, it was so soiled and stained. " It has probably lain here for years, where some visitor of the old family dropped it," remarked Westerly. "I fancy it feels slightly damp, Wes terly," said his sister. " Nonsense ! It's nothing but the dampness of the room. These north-west chambers are full of chills. Come, throw it down, and let us go down stairs." But Emma kept the glove, carried it down stairs, and laid it away. That night Westerly promised her that he would not leave the house, and the brother and sister retired to their rooms at ten o'clock. Suddenly, as the clock struck eleven, a bell rang violently through the house. It was not the hall door bell, but proceeded from one of the chambers. Emma heard her brother spring out of bed with an oath. The next moment he was at her door, when she met him. "For heaven's sake what is that, Emma ?" he exclaimed. "It is the bell of the north-west cham ber," she replied. All this time the bell was ringing. Sud denly it stopped. " What shall we do, Westerly 9" " Curse me if I don't find out what this means !" exclaimed her brother. He sprang back to his room, and, to Emma's surprise, returned with a revol ver. " Where did you get that, Westerly 9" "Never mind. Take that light and come with me." She was dressed only in slippers and wrapper, and the air of the entries was chill ; but she did not mind. She fol lowed her brother in his rapid speed up-? stairs. Strange to say, his theory of ghosts had never made any impression on her. She feared nothing so vague, but anticipated some strange discovery of human beings where all had seemed deso lation. The first strange development was that the door of the north-west chamber was unlocked. It yielded to Westerly's baud, and with an exclamation of surprise be entered. There was no doubt. that it was occu pied. A faint light glimmered on the table, and upon a lounge lay a man, evi dently in the agonies of death. His face was deadly pale, and the eyes were rolled up as if he were in convulsions. The brother and sister stood by in silent hor ror. In a moment the convulsed fea tures were seen to relax, and the breath stopped. " He is dead," raid Westerly. They brought the light to the marble face. It was handsome and haggard. Westerly uttered an exclamation of sur prise. " What is it, Westerly ?" " I saw that man last night in the city." "Where?" "In a gambling saloon," replied the young man, excitedly. He forgot at the moment that he was betraying himself. Indeed, Emma La mar was too agitated to notice the betrayal beyond the mere words. She looked down at the man, and a look of weariness and sorrow on the still, pallid face touched her to tears. "Psiaw ! What are you crying for?" exclaimed Westerly. " Hold the light a minute." H s gave her the light, then, unfasten ing tiie man's necktie, and, baring his breast, made various tests of life. The form lay as impassive and cold as marble. " He's dead enough," said Westerly. " What are we to do with him 9 Shall I call a physician, Westerly? I am no afraid to go down the hill." Emma Lamar thought she would prefer it to remaining with that solemn dead figure, while her brother went to call help or evidence. But Westerly did not answer. After a few moments he covered the face, and said, — " Come down stairs now." They went back to the sitting room, put down the light, and looked at each other. 1 " How did he come here, Westerly ?" " Heaven only knows ; but, Em, it's the best luck that ever happened to me 9" " How 9" " I shall use him for a subject if noth ing happens to prevent — that is, if I see no chance of detection. Prof. Gardner will pay me one hundred pound and ask no questions." " Good heavens ! Westerly, I beg of you—" "Pshaw! Hush, will you! There's nothing to prevent. I've made up my mind. And there's the body — a splendid case. You noticed his dress, did you not 9" " No." " Army — major's outfit, I thiuk. He's a foreigner ; I noticed his accent last night. He won my money like the devil. How he happeued to be in this house is the mystery." " What killed him 9" " Late hours aud liquor, perhaps. Pos sibly he took a quiet dose of some thing to get himself out of the hands of the law. He was a desperate looking fellow when there was life in his face." " Oh, Westerly, where haveyou learned about these things ? You have changed so much in a year !" " Go to bed, Em ; don't preach 1" " What are yon going to do ?" " I am going up-stairs again." " Westerly, I pray you do nothing with that man's body to-night." " I'll do what I please, Em. You had better go to bed." "But, Westerly, the danger of—" " I will manage my affairs. Go to bed." He took another light and went to his room. His sister knew that he had gone for his surgical case. Trembling with cold and excitement, and trying vainly to collect her faculties that she might think calmly, she retreated to her room, and. Jay down, half sick with the workings of fear and anxiety, She heard her brother go up. Btairs. The thought of his work made her faint. She prayed that something might happen to prevent. Just then she heard him returning. " Westerly I" she called. He came to the door. " Listen to me a moment, Westerly. Suppose that man should be tracked here, and found mutilated, what is to save you from the accusation of mur der ?" " No fear of that. The family burying ground of the Meadows will have one more occupant before morning. I shall have quite done with hirn in an hour." "Oh, Westerley, you don't realise what a desperate thing you arc doing!" "Don't I? A hundred pounds is worth a little desperation. Go to sleep, sis." He shut the door and went up-stairs. Emma buried liei face in the pillow, aud wept in an agony of despair. Not only was her brother's work revolting to her, but she realised how imminent was the peril. Westerly seenud determined to bring certain destruction upon them. But suddenly she heard him come leaping down the stairs. He burst i;ito her room. " He has gone !" "Gone 9" " Yes. I believe he was the devil.. How could he take hiqiseli off when he was dead 9" And Westerly Lamar, a moment before so copl, leaned against ihe door, and wiped the perspiration of excitement from his forehead. " How did he go, Westerly 9" " 1 don't know. I made a slight cut in the breast, and then came down for my other instruments. When I went buck lie was gone. " " Were the windows and doors open 9" "The door was ajar just as 1 left it. The windows were shut." " Westerly, I am so glad !" " Of what 9" " That you did him no harm." "Fool !" exclaimed Westerly in a sud den rage. " What harm could I possibly do the man if lie were dead ?" " But he wasn't dead." " 1 tell you he was as dead as a post!" Westerly went back to the sitting- room, It was nearly daybreak, and he made a fire. He sat over it moodily wlienEunna came out. Then he rose suddenly, and went up-atairs. In a few moments he came down with something in his hand. " What is that, Westerly ?" ' Nothing but that glove," he said, as he tossed it down. "But I put ihat glove away. This must be the mace." It was so. The buttons bore the same initials. Emma took them in charge as a clue to the strange episode of the night. That day it was decided that they should leave the bouse. It bore a horror to Emma Lamar ; and, since her plan in coming there was not likely to prove suc cessful, it was not worth while to remain in so disagreeable a place. They would go back to the little cottage they had rented for the last three years, and live as best they might. At least she would be near to neighbors there when left alone at night. She had never before in her life been so unhappy, and she could not keep back her tears as she prepared for their re moval. Beside her disappointment and sorrow, she was wearied and nervous from the effects of the night's excitement, and at last, during her brother's absence, she flung herself down upon her bed and cried like a child. The poor girl felt tired be yond her strength. At twilight she arose and went into the garden, hoping that her aching head would be relieved by the clear, frosty air. Besides she could not but acknowledge to herself a dislike to stay in the house alone. Westerly had premised ro return at six o'clock, and she stood on the hill watching the road, when she saw a dark spot upon the gravel walk at her feet. A second glance assured her that it was blood, and her heart leaped up in horror. Gazing in a kiud of fascination at the ground, she saw another and another dull red spot, and still drops beyond. Step ping forward she followed the marks to a little summer-house in an oak coppice, and there upon the seat lay extended the figure of a man. (' Concluded in our next. ) 