Amusements. Criterion. - The revival for six nights only of the clever comedy "The Two Roses" attracted a large audience to this theatre on Saturday, every seat in the house being occupied. Miss Lilian Gilmore made her first appearance in Sydney in the character of Lotty, the younger of "The Two Roses," and her interpretation of the part was simply perfection. Miss Gilmore is a charming, refined, and clever actress, and Sydney playgoers will doubtless regret that her debut in this city was not made at an earlier date. Mrs Robert Brough was no less attractive as Ida, the elder "Rose." Misses E. Romer and Julia Esmonds performed the parts respectively of "Our Mrs. Jenkins," and Mrs. Cupps, and were deserv edly applauded for their clever acting. Mr. Robert Brough was a capital "Our Mr. Jenkins,'' and Mr. G. S. Titheradge as Digby Grant, Esq., scored a decided success. Mr. Dion Boucicault, jun., as blind Caleb Deecie, was a very clever piece of acting, the part being interpreted in an abso lutely faultless manner. The Jack Wyatt of Mr. Cecil Ward and the Mr. Furnival of Mr. W. Holman were both well performed; and the comedy from the rise to the fall of the curtain ran with great smoothness. The scenery by Mr. Churchward was very good indeed. With the delightful play and clever company now at the Criterion, this theatre should be crowded during the week. ''Theatre Rota.!. — Shakspere makes more use of the supernatural in ' Macbeth ' than in any of his plays. This is an age o£ scepticism. Except spiritualists, no grown up people admit a belief in ghosts, no matter what their real opinions may ba,and as for 'witchcraft there is only in existence the esoterioBuddhists who worktheir marvels while eiad in irreproachable aiess suits. Cfaudren no longer believe in fairies, and they read tales of j bushrangers rather than ghost stories. So that j the supernatural has to be wonderfully well staged ! in order to prevent its becoming ridiculous. '? Macbeth ' w=.s well staged at the Hoyal ou Saturday night, but the witches were r.ob infrequently laughed at by n.n ir- j reverent audience. Mr. Charles Warner j looked Macbeth admirably, but his acting de- i tractiid from the merits of his impersonation. ! Ssot that it was without occasional portions of ex- j eellenee, and that he had to submit to a distressing break down on the part of another actor and to an unpardonable delay :n the appoaraaee of the 'cream-faced loan.' But he was only a fairly good Macbeth, and with this, considering how difficult it is to get a fairly good Macbeth just now, people should j be content. Miss Dargoa did not endeavor to ; belie Siiakspsre's lines, and to make Lady Mae- j beth a sweet and winsome creature, to whom . Macbeth's adjuration to bear only mala children would seeia incongruous, a-nd whose part in the ; murder scene would be unnatural. Miss Dargon j has already shown the Sydney public how nearly j she approaches a great Lady Macbeth. After ; nearly 10 years of absence from the stage she re- ; quires but a few nights more upon it to hav e re- ; covered all her powers. j Tse Alhastbej.. — The excellent programme ; furnished at this hall was again the means of ! attracting a larg-e attendance on Saturday even- .' ing last. The ludicrous comedy, ' Fun on the | Bristol/' is so generally welt enacted bjk i the Alhambra company that it is i likely to hold the boards for some \ considerable time to coiae. The minstrelsy poi- j tion of the show has been under notice in this ! column before, and it was fully up to the standard ' of excellence then attributed to it. To-night a ? change in the front portion of the programme \ will be effected. ; The Ci'OLOHAiii.. — It is satisfactory to note ; that this masterpiece of realistic portrayal, ' The j Battle of Gettysburg,' which was introduced to the Sydney public a few weeks ago, is still at tracting a largo share of patronage. During Sa turday, especially in the afternoon and evening, ? there was barely sufficient accommodation on tho | necessarily limited platform or rather dais, from i which the spectators viewed the work, for tie j large numbsr c£ visitors who attended. The interest in the exhibition is enhanced to a con siderable extent, especially to those visitors who may be unacquainted with the events in the history or the United States of America, which i preceded and led up to this engagement — one o£ the most sanguinary conflicts of modern time — by ths descriptive and explanatory lecture delivered at intervals by Mr. Black, who succeeds in rendering clear and intelligible points which to a casual observer might possibly appear obscure. The company is to be congratulated on the large measure of success, which has so far attended its enterprise^ and tho management for the excellent arrange meats made for the comfort; and convenience of the- public. MilitaktTouek-a-ient. — An afternoon's amuse m ent was provided in Phillip Park on Satarday^ consisting of military contests, wrestling, bos ing, &c.; About SOU people were present. A clever performance on the tight wire by He-v Paul Weitsmann and the band of the Permanen t Artillery, under Bandmaster Devery, 'were con - spicuous features of the aft&rnoon;'s entertainment . The following is the result or the principal events: — Sword v. Sword: White 5, Donovan 1. Lance v. Sword : Martin 4, Chandler 0. Q.uartsr staft' : Segny 10, Byrne 3. Singlestick : M'Kee 4, Private S. Palls, T.M., 5. Foils: Segny 5, Parker 3. Cleaving Turk's Head .- Lieutenant James, Ulawarra Light Horse, 5 cuts 1 point ; Captain Martin, 3 cuts 1 point ; Parker, 3 eats 1 point,- Matthews, 3 cuts T ent-pegging : Lieutenant James 36 points, Captain Martin 30, Matthews 22, Parker 24 . Tilting at ring : Parker 4, Captain Martin 2, Lieutenant James 3. Wrestling on horseback. Matthews, 2: Simon, 1. Considerable interest was taken in the tug of war be tween members of the police and Permanent Artillery, the former being captained by Senior-Sergeant BradwelL In tiie first try the police pulled a detachment of the artillery stationed at Paddington ; in the second contest a heavier team of the artillery from No. 3 Battery was substituted, and these succeeded in pulling the police by 2 to 1. It is understood that the police are not satisfied with, the result, contending that their aggregate score should be taken into account. An amusing donkey race concluded the afternoon sports. 