PROSECUTION OF A FRENCH COLONIAL GOVERNOR. : It is not often that a colonial Governor finds himself tho object of a prosecution for his treatment of "the peoplo ' committed to his charge. ' On 18th December, however, M. Genouille, who until' recently held tho neat of Governor of Senegal, was tried for tho manstaughter.of four unlucky blacks whom lie' had despatched as caretakers of the Isle of Alcatras — annexed during his administra tion—and -who subsequently died of starva tion on- this- barren- spot, no attempt having been made after months of waiting to renew their- ineag'co supply of provisions. It -was a decidedly hard case for the blacks' from the first. Tho natives of these benighted regions entertain the utmost horror of lifo on an island which they regard as haunted by' ghosts and goblhisand evil spirits of tho most ferocious cypo. It was, therefore, with considerable -mis giving that these unfortunate negroes consented to undertake the duty required-of them, bnt on the eve i of the departure of 'tlio des patch- boat from Alcatras tliey plucked up - courage and- assured the commander that they were proud and happy to ' serve France, and that- they would do their best.' After tho interval-of about a month a visit was' paid to tlio island; but fivo months then elapsed without any effort being mado to revictual tho occupants, land it was not till the middlo of May this year that theso urifortunato creatures who had last been seen nlivo in November re ceived serious attention- from the authorities. Tlieir bodies were found lying on the ground reduced to tho condition of mere skeleton's ; all their -provisions had long disappeared; nor was a drop of water to bp seen — tliey luul died of lmnger and thirst ! At the trial on 18th December, 'M. Genouille threw tho responsibility on Captain Forrat, affirming that he hod -instructed him to look after these poor ;qmr.- 51. Ferret; on'- his .side, declared thot-h'c had diselmrged his duty until liis removal' <>om his post at tlie end of last year, but lie maintained that it was for tlm Governor to give the Older for thn departure of tho despatch boat. 'Vhe commander had merely to remind him of ie existence of the blacks. After the hearing i iff the witnesses tho Public Prosecutor addressed jntro court, asking it to condemn 51. Genouille, B jAile Slaitro Loon Renault delivered an elo- 1 pnt speeoh'fpr tbe defeuoe. Judgment is de- 