THE BELL OF ST. PAUL'S." BY -"WALTER BESANT, Acthou of Dorothy Fobstsr, the Ciiaplaix ;0F THE FiliKT, HERB PXULUS, &0. PART n. Chapter XXXIIL — Tile Exd. " At lirot ! Bind Laurence. Ho was alono with Althcn and in tho mid. stream rowing up the broad river on tho flow of the tide.' The warm September son was sionins to tho west, but etill tho City on cithor hand lay basking in tho warmth and light. "We must toko to Australia, with us," ho said, "and ' nover. forgot, this picture of tho river in tho ovoning glow." "Aaif I "ever could forgot tho river," said Althea. 1 Ho rowed on in silenco passed lYator iooibridgo, .past . Westminster, past VanxholL Opposite Battersca Park ho stopped and looked about hitn. Ho 'had brought Althea to the very Bamo placo whoro thoy 'first chad a talk. Sho very well understood why.' . It was on a morning in. Juno," ho said, "that you brought .mo here. I remomiwr overy moment of that morning. . Havo you forgotten "No," oho replied softly. : "Only throe months ago. I came homo for a eimplo holiday. I was going to sco everything beforo I wont out again. I camo to Bonk Side just to amuso myself. I thought I would writo a letter home about my remarkable cousins, and then.go away and forget thorn all. To forget them I That .was my thought. Yon wore among thorn. I was to go away anil forget you aU." ' Althea mado no reply. . "That morning in Juno "—ho wont baok ;to Published by spceiil air.uigviineuts with Uu .uthur. All liuflU reserved that morning. " I romombor the fresh breeze, the flying shadows and the sparlding water. You showed mo ail the places on tho Bank as we rowed up. Your mind was so full of them; yon were so eager that I should miBs nothing ; you talked as if they were all your own pro perty — and you were so beautiful, Althea — Oh ! — you were so beautiful that I was almost carried out of myself." Tho tears came into Althca's eyes— I know not why. "And then while wo drifted hero you fell into silence, and I saw that your eyes wcro looking far away — and you had fallen into a dream. Do you come here still to dream and sco ghosts- Lord Bolingbroko and Addison on this bank, and on that Sir Francis More; and on the river the stately barges with the physicians and their great periwigs ?" "No," said Althea, "I see no moro ghosts. They have all vanished — my poor ghosts — ever since we have been taken out of our seclusion and seen tho living world. Since you came," she added. In every tale of true love tkero comes a moment — the one filling moment — tho supreme moment of the wooing when the lost word should bo spoken and the lovers should fall into each other's arms. If it is delayed, it is like letting a bottle of Champagne stand after the cork has been taken out. Something is lost— a littlo of the sparkle, a touch of rapture, a little of the life— every minute. On tho other hand, if tho word is hurried and spoken too soon, there is uncertainty with doubt and anxiety. The true joy of Love is clouded. Oh ! that young men would therefore ponder these things ! And seeing that it is only once in a man's life — onleBS he be a Rover — that this joy can be experienced, is it not a thousand pities that it is bo often miserably spoiled by being rushed, or lamentably mado stalo with delay? Perhaps the maidens should look to it ; the golden oppor tunity should never bo granted until they are perfectly sure of their own minds and the mind of the young man. Althea knew nothing of Lovo except as a sweet and beautiful extravagance invented by poets for the purpose of weaving lovely verses and sweet conceits and musio that should steal over the senses and hold them prisoner. It had been an unreal thing. As for tho thing of Love — the Art of Love — why does no modern poet write a New Art of Love ? — tho Principle of Attraction, the Nature of Selection, and so forth, she understood no moro than Bho under stood the art of Flirtation. Poets, you see, are generally vague even when they are most splendid. Now she knew something — Love was no longer on unreal thing; it seemed to her, as indeed it is, a divine gift be stowed by Heaven upon nil mankind, and like all those gifts of Heaven, proportioned to tho capacity of each, so that with one it is of tho earth earthly — and with the other — but this is too high for us. With all her ignorance Althea knew that this day her lover would speak to her and she would give herself to him. " The ghosts arc gone," he repeated, "and the living world is with you at last. There should be one ghost left, Althea. Do you never sco a ghost who is always, day and night, thinking of you, who asks for nothing better than to think of you and for you all his life, to bo your faithful servant always and your lovor'always ? Tell me, Althea, do you never see that ghost ?" " Yes," she replied with her sweet frankncsB, whioh wont to her lover's heart better than tho most artful wileB, "I feel his presence always. But only — only for tho last few days." Should he at that moment havo spoken the Inst word ? Surely there wanted no more. "I must confess to you, Althea," he said with an effort, "I cannot speak what is in my heart until I havo made confession. Your father ' thinks I came from Australia to gaze upon him. He is quite mistaken. He assumed it. I have never known why, but I did not undeceive him, and onco I left it in his mind it became impos sible to undeceive him. It mado him so happy to think that his verses were read everywhere — and it made you, too, so happy, that I en couraged him to believe it. I went further— I wroto a review and printed a sheet like the inside Sheet of the Saturday Review which carried on tho deception. And then he walked with you down Fleet-streot. Tho people talked about the Poet— ho took it for himself. Tho Poet is the nick name of a Prize Fighter." "I know. Felix told mo. They were shout ing the nick name of a prize fighter, and we were so simple as to believe — " "Nay, it pleased him. Why not. Ho shall never bo undeceived." "I know moro than you think," said Althea. "Tho Saturday Itcvicio articlo, I have learned, was never in the paper, because I bought a copy with tho date. Is it all pretence? Has my father no readers — no fame nt all?" "None, Althea, none. His volume fell flat and dead. Ho has no rcadcrB. Ho is absolutely unknown." " My poor father !" "Ho will go with us ; ho will live in the quiet ; country ; our friends will know that ho is a poet and has published poetry ; his new volume will come out, and ho will never bo undeceived. Althea, it wsb for your sake that I conferred this imagined happinosB upon him." "I know — I know." , _ "And he will havo you with him, Althea— and— and he shall havo mo with him, too, his faithful disciple, if you will suffer me to bo with you always — always. Oh I my dear— my dear — " His voice broke. That was all ho said. Not till afterwards did ho toll her how much he loved her. He only took both her hands and drew her gently and kisEed her on the IipB, twice. In tho evening tho poor girl rcfieoted that the thing was dono in an open boat, in broad daylight, and in the middle of tho river ; it was actually visible from the Chelsea Embank ment ; from the bouses behind it ; from the long walk of Battersea' Park ; and from two bridges. She turned very red only to think of it. So very red that she looked more beautiful than ever, and if her lovor had been there to sec, ho must have, kissed her again. I wonder if any actually witnessed tho deed. Tkero was a belated nurse maid in tho Park who ought to kayo been homo for tea long before, with her perambulator and tho two babies. Tkero was a Policeman looking over Chelsea- bridge, but a Policeman regardeth. not a kiss any moro than Behemoth regardoth a daffodil ; and thoro was a house maid looking out of a top window of Cbeync- waik. But if they saw it, I know not. Tho boat drifted slowly with the .Btream, tho wator plashed. melodiously upon bor bows and rippled along her sides. Laurence sat with the girl's hands in his, murmuring things sweet and foolish. Of most, things foolish tkero cometh repentance in tho end and of most things sweet thcro cometh satiety ; but never doth thoro eomo repentance or satiotyfor the sweet' and foolish things of love. As for what the young man called his mistress, how he whispered of her beauty and her sweetness, and her grace — so Althea herself these words seemed far to sur pass tho most beautiful things that bad over been written by tkemostdivinopoet. Which shows that everybody who is really in lovo becomes tho finest poot in tho world to tho imgination of his sweetheart, and ainco only imagination is real, this is hard reality. For though the words of the poet bo so melodious and so craftily inter woven with rhymes that ring liko bells and a measured musio which bringB tears to the eyes, or joy to tho soul, or dancing to the Act, they lack the music of tho voice, the beating of tho heart, tho warmth of tho hand, and the longing of the eyes. Presently ho remembered something, and let ting her hand go he drew a paoket out of bis pocket and opened it, smiling. " You chose them yourself, Althea. Give mo your finger, the third finger of your left hand. This iB the mngio ring ; I am the slavo of tho ring; and. this bracelet is a part of tho chain which binds me ; and tho necklace is tho tribute of and token of my allegiance— my dear — what con make you look moro beautiful?" By this time tho sun was sinking low. "You came to me, Althea," ho said, "out of the sunset. You were in a magic bark, wrapped in a magic glow of golden red and purple, such as never before shone upon mortal watcher. Oh 1 my dear, can I ever forget it? You came straight from Heaven's gate— I thought it then — I know it now — can I ever doubt that? You wore sent to me. And now in tho light of the sunset you come to my arms. Oh ! my lovo 1 my love 1" On the Bank, so fino was tho evening, they were all gathered together. " You will all go, said tho Doctor sadly. "I shall remain behind. Urge mo no more, Clement. I havo given my life to these people, and I must spend among them what remainB. I had a son, but ho is gone. I had a dream, but that has gone too. Leave me all that remains — to work among these poor." "In the Antipodes," said Lucius, "wo shall establish another Bank, which shall become like this, an Exchange such as my father desired for tho communication of ideas." At tho head of the stairs stood Flavia and her elderly lover hand in hand. "Look," sho said. "Look, Cassie ! Look, Chevalier 1 Hero come Laurence and Althea. Oh 1 How beautiful — how lovely she is. Look at her face — and at his. Sho drops her eyes and ho is looking at her. Ob 1 be has spoken at last — and sho has said yes. What else could she say after she saved his life? Oh ! Happy Althea ! Happy Laurence ! The End. 