DOWN WITH DILLON. UP WITH THE " RAG." A cloud had fell on Willi(e)s brow, HIis soulful eyewes heavy now, As by his desk he pensive leaned And moaned, " Our city is demeaned The second in the land." " Our civic chieftains now unite To hold disloyal 'Dillon ' right Nay, grasp his rebel land." " An Irish rob., a leaguer too, A separatist, ' by all that's blue.' A patriot of Milesian habits, As hard to kill as Quboensland's rabbits Oh, tim'e degenerate ! Where now is all our racial spleen, Our Anti-Irish loyal mien, Our dear religious hate ? "The times-how changed!--nay 'tis no fun; Let Parnell grin ! I.grieve he's won I but refer to passing. fimes, And mourn the past, when Irish crimes . Were not so soon condoned. 'When Pigott's tale might hang the lot, And for their offspring make it hot; Ere all had been atoned. "No chance just now for' bogus storie,' The artseoms dead ; oven noble Tories Cannot invent, as oncn they could do, Nor as the " uppa suckles" should do But hold ! I now disgress ! Can I-a powerful journalist Not give those 'Fenian cads a tbwist, And spoil theirfiloe address ? " My pen: ye devils! speed my labours,. I'll burst upon our civic neighbours. Buchanan first. I'll give him. ''jaro,' Then all the other imps of ' Tara.' - I will, by all that's foul, Have courage then,.my 'loyal' readers; Here goes for doubleo-leaded leaders. Right in the 'Penny Howl.' " Alarming rumours !. Fenians-landed; H.M.S. Orlando stranded; A dreadful submarine torpedo ,:: Smack through her ribs;: oh !: gentle reader,. Macquarie-street in flames. A rebel cruiser off the' ?Nobbys.;' Suspicious doings 'mong our' bobbies ;. Appended, doultful names. "Dreadful report-our statesmen 'jobbing,' The Opposition forms ' hob nobbing;' Sir Esmondo, Burke, and M'Elhone In secret treaty-cause unknown ; 'Poll Cott ' still ' on the straight.' Defiant attitude of Brennan, Tremendous rows with Lake-road ' wimmoen'' Black diamond plugs full weight.' " The iltelbourne Aye on Irish traitors. (We beg to thank that prince of papers) - Sublime expressiops by a parson He bans Home Rule, and theft, and arson;. Alas ! for more like him.. Atrocious doings-social meetings, Resolved to send John Dillon greetings In fact be in the swim.. "The Times Commission: Parnell flurried, His counsel cold, distrait, and hurried, Sir Richard Webster smiles disdainful, The revelations-something painful; The case distinct and clear. The G.O.M. reserved and dull.. HIallo I No witness comes at call.. What had the fool to fear ?' " Atrocious crime in Connemara, Details replete with ghastly horror; A band of ruffians meet at night, And set their landlord's barn a-light. Sad brawl in Belfast streets.. A drunk Home Ruler kicked to death. Well, let'm ! Home Rule cheek, I' faith -A crowd of rebel cheats !" " An Irish priest on British justice, (Take notice friends-he'd like to roast us. Pervent our kids, and warp our morals Nay ! sink our souls in fiery worlds- Yet/dare the knave impeach ? Oh! shades of Goordie Gordon wake, And dronwell's ghost thy haunts. forsake To stand with me and screech !) " Yell out with me 'gainst treason foul For Loyalty, ye goblins, howl; Diffuse Balfourian morals, thick, And laugh to scorn each 'Pat' and Mick" We must our friends appease. Weo write for pay, and. for a clique, And though our fads are old, and' sick, Yet still they serve to please. " We do not vote for equal justice, 'Twixt man and man,-Why blame and, 'bust' us ? If all men stood at common figures, 'Pats' then would rank as high as-niggers, And social laws would lapse i While our subscribers round us rally, We'll pander to their every folly, That is-ah, well, perhaps." The "Howl man" dropped his pen, and smiled A smile-'twas savage, fierce, and wild. He closed his eyes and pensive sat; When lo i in crept the office ce.? And ate his bright M.S. It killed herP? Why, of course itdid ; Yet was her death a public good, We live her act to bless. Greta, May 11th. 