EVICTING A GHOST. "Philadelphia Times. Almost every town or .village has its haunted house, anil thesottloment of Wanda, in India, was 110 exception. Here a number of English officers and their families live (luring the warmer months, returning to their respective commands later on. Tlio rumour that Captain ]3eauchaiup'g house was haunted was circulated by a servant. He was awakened one night l>y a most extraordinary noise. The door bell was ringing violently, and a struggling, writhing noise in the wall of the house—not in one placo, but in several at once, and then lie hc;<rd a long-drawn sigh. This was the last feather. He rushed to his employer's room, and aroused him, vowing that the pjaco was haunted. The notoriety so cheaplj earned became exceed ingly disagreeable. Matters stood in this shape for some days, when one morning a party of jugglers reached the haunted house. As there were a number of children in the family the performers .were invited into the grounds and gave an entertainment. Finally, one of the men took out a small oval basket having an orifice in the top, and seating him self near it began to play a quaiiit air upon a iluto. After industriously pi lying for a few momentsyp through the hole in fclio gasket .came the head of a cobra, and when twelve or fifteen inches above the basket ib began to wave to and fro as if in obedience to the mea sure of the music. After the snake dunce — of the snake " charming," as Europeans arc wont to call it—the Indian snake-chrtrmet' walked around the house, and among the bushes pointed out a hole which might have been made by a rabbit, To one of the natives he said he would take out n, ci)bra which he thought was in' the hole. Seating himself bofore. the hole the magician began his mournful pkiiit; For fifteen rriiniites he kept up the noise, and then from the opening there appeared the ugly, hooded head of a cobra. Another hole was soonfound, thisbeing directly at the base of the wall of the house. The man examined it ft few moments care fully, tlion began to play upon tho flute. Hardly had the group gathered about the performer before a most remarkable lioise .came from the house. First, there was a "sound as of oscaping stettm ; then a sound of some great body striking the wall and rub bing against tlu; timbei'Si Dust in clouds come frorii the hole, and the " charlner" started back in terror, overturning the man behind him..Recovering himself;.lie darted at the hole alid, thrusting liis anil in, cii'o<v Out, not a colira, but tho t-jiil of a lurger snake. Astonishment was depicted on the native's face and horror oil those ,of- many of tho spectators, as he stood.holding the tip of the tail, and five foot of the body was visible. For a second the ltian hesitated, fcheli regain ing his courage he shouted in Hindustanee for tho lookers-on to stfind .bacli, and, taking a good grip upon the tail, he pulled gradually backward. Out it came, foot by foot, inch by inch, five, ten,, fifteen sixteen feet — eighteen, was there 110 end?—eighteen feet of quivering snake ilesh as large as a man's thigh! A quick jerk and tho entire monster was clear—fit ■ least twenty feet in length—big enough to ewallovr a deer and yet held by a single niani 'Illo tuitive was, however, not in the least discouraged. Ho clung to tho tail and as the huge reptile turned toward him with an angry hiss he gavo it a swinging, motion by turning slowly. Gradually he increased' his speed, turning faster and faster, until ho scented the centre of a wheel, tile spolies of which -^m'0 tho body of the python. So rapid was the motion that the snade's body was perfect straight, and it was evident that as lcllg as thc motion could bo kept up the mail was safe, but if the monster could reach him ho would in a moment bo crushed in the horrible folds of the reptile. It soon became apparent that the charmer knew whet ho was obout. Not fur from the house stood n stout flagstaff a foot and a half through, of solid teakwood, and towards this lie was gradually moving, whirl ing the snake faster and faster. When lie was within twenty^fiv a feet of it, it dawned upon the few spectators what he was about to do. This was to strike the head of the reptile against the pole. Nearer ho came, whirling faster and faster, until the reptile stood out like a whip-lash, and tlion with a quick step forward, he brought the head of the animal against the wood with a crushing sound. He released his hold,and thegreotreptile doubleh up in convulsive folds, digging up the earth and sending clottds of cltist into the air, finally dropping limp and lifeless to the ground. One thing was evident, that there was tho " ghost." 