I SHRITUA L'01 M AN I FES- I rrmrrn. 8th august. j, t.ftcollonoy tbb linrl of Stablomoro, Lord f . r ireluml, wiui iu u ilosporate rngc. fetloscson was not yet half through, and f „,,,r of social blunders committed by tbo tr" f , llco-reml l-usebold had already t!i it, usual averaje. Not alone that. 1 Ml,njfis had become public property, and rf„ m.(lc ibo subject of indignant nrtioles E Utters in tbc local journals. On that LiLtlie Cn'tle hftd buon ,n"Jc liv,ely ""th a E l! th« office of Colonel Desmond, who was P , , " for (ho issue of tho invitations to i" , Vn less a person than Hardrcss K.ri , Higli Sheriff of tho County K?erT,'i ten sriovonsly insulted, a card of Iblin, ha' . rt, |lcolnin)r dnnco having been mthe Castle, addressed to Mrs. Havdress l""5 who had been in her grave over 18 KcDcrmoi, olllj01. tiio feelings of the «s outraged. All her life long it had t0"'? mhition of tho poor lady to receive an En tho ami > B,| seleot Castlo dnnco j » Sn only now at length fulfilled when ambition on y aUowed her to avail cueisMKS over lI)0 lllTnlr |,y EftfitDcmiot reaching his Excellency;, K dm Private Secretary had to bo despatched fc M molo 'ios and explanations, whilst wrath was freoly vented before tho of you fellows give Desmond a b"o appealed to tl.ein, " Ho goes from If'i'JU. i w»ii to He,ivcn y." co,' ,ia r lilto' tostophls blundering; ho .is do- EiTsS6?a»5t Vm sick of d— g him ; it docs no K; Excellency turned abruptly nwfiy with a> troeueuej , v,;c Irannre. Mamr Srciptains Spic'e/ Twemlow and Lord IS to hold council on thorn. Lord fotable- Kfiti much more popular with the stalT Kfttael Desmond. Its mombors wore, fete 'nuito ready to give tho Colonel a feVol they could devise one. Lut it fe 'long way from tho will to tho deed, ft. !«e oi administering corrcotion to a fetrfundbaHtual olfcuder. They racked Tb'uim for hall an hour, and fed mil tows still troubled and perplexed, febuaord Blarney's. And who had overseen Kfair cheruby face of that young nobleman Ithout' its bland, beaming smilo ? That sm.lo feh added so much to Ins popularity in society Ev. ths -crapes and misebiof his Irish blood fc arogahiminuch light and loading. Ks the 'travo blunder of Desmond and tho feV Jd wrath of the Viceroy oould not feitsgloiy.nor tho touch of ponsivoncss m icaadid blue eyes. li a wneral rule, Lord Stablemore had ex- Kid himself jusWy-though, of course, too rtiblv— in saving that it ilict no goou to a n Eniond Nearly half a centnry of ollioial fehad innrod end made him quite impervious Ktlie nroce.s. Desmond wa3 ono of tho oldest s'i'utions at Dublin Castlo, which is saying a /deal for the antiquity of his standing, to even than Fossylc. Liko a stout old oak, He had struck fast root in tho Castlo Yard, and eatherod all vioo-rcgal ohangos, oaeh new m.ty finding him as it left him, firmly Kt'd in the soil. Bland, pompous, fusay, gnl- ifiid gossipy, ho was a typical courtior, with fenaoiised oy'o for beauty and a firm bolief lis roll of precedence. In ono thing, liow- ir" fidelity to the courtior typo failed ; ho Ki a hobby. But all men, whether attached j royal or vico-regnl courts, have tlioir weak- ksu. The Colonel was a spiritualist. His Kiss originally acquired in correot fashion Broa's ficeroy of spiritunlististio tendnneies, id taken stich hold on him that, unliko his Khtiul opinions, they had not changed with feecliangeof govornmont. On tho contrary, Key had strengthened with timo. Spiritualism Kurt a brisk business in Dublin ; liko any other Kfcctantes, hmvovor, and lias an occasional good Hue Bucli a one it had experienced at tho Kkissliig of the year, just beforo tho Castlo Hsiaa Dasmonil had assisted at several most Bii'jotory Minces. Marvels had boon worked ; called in various ways to manifest them- sres lmd ill various ways rospouded to tho HUb; tiliy answers hud boon returned by inys- iioa! voices to silly questions ; unsocn hands bi poked and pulled at Desmond, and thrust wily Sowers into his hands. Never' had ho duoadvimced nor on such intimato torms with h denizens of the spirit world ; in tact, ho was tpriniriz to nourish tho hope, encouraged by Bie great Piofessur Von Hoinbog, that ho might a, oil' hecomc a " medium " somo day and liavo ver to call up spirits. Hid his Excellency been more observant iu u wrath cUiriny thu private interview with Hticb Raymond wos bonoreil, on tho subject of Hhe unfortunate invitation bo tho departod ilr.s. Ha:Dorniot, he \voulri havo noticed tiiat his Herds were taking unusual aud roinai'kablo H3c:t. For tho first time in Desmond's otfici.il Hi a bluiulor had struck home ; tho neglect of iiad recoiled ou him. To bo respou- HV.ih: an insult to Ulrs. RlacDcrmot, in tho would luivo boen nothing; it was quite Htoi with the poor lady translated into Hbecro of spirits, and just at tho critical I Hourly when Desmond's ambitions wero Heatred therein. Tho invitation was decidedly an Hdvtraptroke of fate. What atonement could be Huh) Unfortunately, it was a very alack week, i Huhflspiiituttlistic world in Dublin; there was Hoav&iiobld; medium to convoy an apology. Hbeidu of running over to London to consult HfoaSotfibog could not bo entertained by such Hitaf-ouant official as Desmond at suoii a time. Hrd liidrney was going thero in a few days ; Hik.it not a mwsage bo conveyed through him Hutbepoiessor ? 'ibis idea, too, was untenabio ; Ht mid produce nothing but chuff. Tho H&oseft; bobby was an unfailing source of ridi- Hitti the Cast ie, one around which, iudeed, Htewaot thu scud wasiu constant sointiiiatiou. Hokt,( 'hirawiug" the Coionol on tho subject, Hoj& favourite pa3tiuie of tho au/eH-dc-carnps Hi, the warmth unci obstinacy with whioh ho Haunably defended his peculiar views giving it Htu: auractioa.s. H'bsrd Blarney, suddenly called to London on before the ball, accordingly left without fcar.be bearer of any message. Desmond's fe.:ihU calmed down during tho week ; ho reassured himself that such a slight mistako feoiilU'.e no impurhinb consequences. Every- to have forgotten it. Since tho day H>f iih Krcdieucy's outbreak thoro had not been H>b ffightcst allusion made to it at the Castle. H; ,Ta5 then that Desmond should forgot Htioo. iH.Oaibeuicht of the hall lie was quite himsolf ifeedn. Tiicic was u great deal to distract his ; no more select dance had over buon tt Dublin Castle. Mo3t of the guests per-.onal friends of their Excellencies, jfefwriifiisauo oi that one unlucky card, Lady- feh&ieaoro; herself had siq>erviscd the invita- Hic«. lbs spiritualist was completely merged )-o olncial whilst Desmond performed his fecticj— mucli akin to those of a butlor in tho iainiliesr— with his usuibl fussy zcai and pom iH:!:)'' intervals, when off duty, he sauntered Kwtrt the rooms in l0 Diob approved courtly Hjs'I0.n» chatting with the prettiest women and Dui'i importantmen, wutehing the dancing iu jvcotiiroue room or the llirtations in the >ioture jp.leiy ami long thawingroora. In tiie latter, on feeoi ms rounds, curly in tho evening, he be- aiajRware or axillary lady seated at the uud the room, which was deserted save hy a few W icroed couples scattered hore and there iu proximity to scieeDs and curtains. Her «w.ited position near the door attracted his at- :W Ll02» I3 did something in lior attitudo sug- Wvac 17011,115. 'b'-iion ! Ry Jove! it must bo , ! d)oiightful !" Ho chuckled with the thought oi' discovering a bit of SHuiiP10- li aiJltJKU1g room. The lady war. jflv'ti ,'?Lsa ! 3ac 80 fr back in tho shadow fe j 3ae drew still further into it at ®,tr;la approach, and, whether by design or ra-hl: tan unfc to Completely con- Biin," filc® dhe Colonel was nonplussed. Hwa,0' iUCtt0 doesn't want to A mystery ! Dolicionaly intor- Sht- 1,1 7 on' know the ligure or Was 80tnewbat remarkable in its Knthw.n18' statIdiug out from it her arms Bknvi.fl uv "u m l0 nhado, had a dazzling, M.lwlnieuess. Tho edge of Desmond's .dcsl>erat-ely sharp. To think Id-rfo! tftilt ft v wearer of tluit won- 1! i?leilossossor of tUoso duzzlingly K. . V toeing Fodsyie at tho ton of tho .te hurried up to h.m. Bq tUmi0'!?1 id follow." Ho slipped his Oitinrr, ' "'d'hero is something 'hi investigated here." ?rt j13 1 ill(luired Eosyle, allowing Hum 1 bs nd down the room. Bone!1' 1 l101 50 oud! A mysterious fair H f'd P'.lkr "or the door. Do you Hirwut,/ n » 18 'd'nke care, don't let BlWio i iV aarni pretty dear." H'dier, sharply from ouu pillar to ' (|1 see no one." i "KG?." S'"ldoW f the far pillar." W "Br LTv .A!'a5'» 'iroaming, Dosmond ?" feaLt'1 ,C„neJ tl10 Colo"al- " Have I let fit pas; in ,ua""ut 01:0 ',1Br myself. Slie did jfebtoufih the doo'T"8 mUSt hnVG Slil>1'eJ «f!Swl£Prtme!,ti "'"I excitBmc"t lie N the carpi i v.xlt' a"4 iee'ted up and fejtMWGBtn " a S'SU r ve3t'ge of m ,10.en- slowly follow- ifetiptioa nf I y !"cl(!dulous- The graphic felecoaviucHfim dre88 anJ white Kfe. ""i UnT"-' orI0'';ercft'> don't vanisli into Wiihouldhiv/,UU t8mPBrake, Desmond, "livl, , „Iny SUBi"eions. W'a'tcon f W'"iSaid tbo Cl"ol, testily, a (hcrf . P01' iol<es. Tho woman zB5''®!, alio seemtxl to "S", just on I described, jfeias we turned " ma a tlLmk w'tkl or "Halh?», It did look Ijke it." ife Shava «nvl vyle- "X seo it- aU simit. You are suoh a dog witli tiio spirits,. you know. I won't spoil sport anv loitgor. Farewell." froHiiylo'N ill timed jesting gave Desmond a shock, bringing, as it did, a sudden Influx of unpleasant memories to mind. His blissful oblivion vanished, and a vaguo disquietude entered his soul. His light hearted, gallant interest hi the unknown lady changed into a deeper and more anxious feeling. For some time ho disappeared from the rooms. High or low, however, ho failed to traco Iter. No car riage had been called as yet ; no guest had loft tho Castlo. Tho servants know nothing of her. It was with a somowhat distracted mind tlmt he fulfilled his duties at supper timo. "When ho bad marshalled their Excellencies and the vice regal party into the supper room, and taken up his plftco as sentry outside, both thought and caro to an unwouted extent wero stamped upon his brow. Opposite to him, at the end of the picture gallery, was the dancing room door ; not far from it, at the side, was one leading into f?t. Patrick's Hall. Desmond's wandering gaze was suddenly riveted on the latter ; u sharp ex clamation broke from him. He could have sworn that he had with hvs own hand looked : that door at the beginning of tho evening. Now ho saw it slowly opened, and a figure uppcarod — the black lady of tho Long Drawingrooin ! Even in the distance there was no mistaking tho peculiar dress, white arms and long fan. And again sho was alone ! Something very liko a shudder passed over Dosmond. How on earth had sho got into St. Patrick's Hall? With a quick catching of- tho breath ho watched her curious gliding step across tho room. In the middle she paused aud turned slowly round. The fan no longer conoealcd her face. Liko hor neck and arms, it, tOD, was strangely white. Was she looking at him 1 His discomfort turned to something deeper. At this fateful moment Captain Spicor appeared upon tho scene. Coming from tbo dancing room, he sauntered towards the ladv. An instant of intenso .excitement for Desmond. What would Spicer do ? Would ho notico hor ? Did he know her ? "Thank Heavens!" tho exclamation nearly broke from Desmond ; the intensity of his relict shamod him. 44 Pooh, pooh ! what a fool I. was ! A iriciic'l or apiccr'3— an mtimato one, too i:r Tho latter observation was called forth by Spioer's mannor. He had apparently not said a word to the lady ; at his approach, however, sho had turned round and taken his arm. They wore not speaking nowas they came up the room, nor had Spicer oven onco lookod towards his com panion. Desmond, however, was gazing intently at her. He found, to his surprise, on hor coining near enough for him to form a judgment, that she was not young, nor by any menus beautiful. Sho was a pale, elderly woman, with many wrinkles and a peculiar stare — so curious tlmt an uncomfortable feeling again came over poor Desmond on finding it steadily fixed on him. Nob only did the lady and Spicer interchange no word, but not oven a singlo glance ; tho star ing eyos never moved from Desmond. " What In tho nnmo of goodness does it mean ? Who is this oddity? I'll swear I sent her no card of invitation. The whole affair must be inquired into." In tho midst of his mingled anxiety and annoyance Desmond's attention was withdrawn from the mystery. Tho Vice-regal party had finished supper, uud were leaving the room. When the neoeasary official bowing and scraping attendant on this exit had finished, Desmond at once turned to look for Spicer and his com panion. Spicer stood close by tiie door. But alone ! Tbo ludy was not with him. No traco of her was to bo seen. Desmond's eager oyo swopt comprehensively and hurriedly from right to left ; she had quito disappeared ! "Hullo, Spicer !" he callud out; "whore is your friend ? Is sho not to have any supper?" "Who? Which?" inquired Spicor. "Tho Lady who was on your arm just now, who walked up-'tho Picture Gallery with you, not a minuto ago." Spioor opened his eyes wide and stared at Desmond. "WJmt's tho chaff, Colonel? I don't under stand." "And I doa'tunderstnnd this fooling," said the Colonel, watmly. "The lady in black. You have just walked up tho Pieturo Gallery with her, I repoat." " X walked up tho picture gallery with no ladv. " ''For heaven's sake stop this humbug." The Colonel was very excited. "It has passed being a joke." "I swear to you that no lady in black, that no woman of any sort orkiud, was with me." Spicer spoke gravely. Stroking his moustache, ho turned a serious glance of scrutiny on Dea- mond. " I cannot make out what you mean, Colonel. A lady in black !" "Is it his lady in black?" inquired Fossylo, who happened to corno up, at these words. "Ha, ha! That's Desmond's little joke this ovoning. Triad it on with mo, too. Como along to supper, Spicer. Bring the black lady in to suppor yourself, Desmond," Fossylc called out, leading Spicer away, " and introduce uh all round. She is ovidontly your own special guest of the evening," Fossylo and Spicor passed into tho suppor ro un.' They did not see tiio change that came over Desmond's face. A dreadful chill had struck his hoart, the deadly elfoct of Fossylo's last words. Terrible revelation ! They suddenly gaveshapo to his own vogue fears. He, Desmond, had a special guest this evening. One who had come to him alone ! Spicor's stntngc, 'antcon- emus manner with the black lady was terribly accounted for. He had not soon her. To Des mond alono was she visible, sho who had come at his call who hud taken the card of invitation ns a summons to manifest hursoif ! Mrs. MncDennot ! The lady in blaok could bo none other ! Ho had longed for spiritualistic powora, and now he had them. Never in his wildest dreams had he expected or desired manifes tations beyond knocks, floating in tho air, «fcc. The power of calling up ghosts, visible to his own eyes, was far in excess of anything he desired. It was porfoctly awful to think that ho possossed it. Before tho horror now seizing on him, what prctenco all his dabbling in tho supernatural seemed ! Tho lady in black ! Mia. MocDormot, who bad been IB months in. her grave! Whoro was she now? A cold sliivor run tbrougli him. What if she should appear again and find him alono in the picture gallery ! A sudden panic overpowered him. With one foaiful glanco around, ho recklessly abandoned his post of duty and hurried into tho suppor room. At a tabic in the middle a party of tho house hold were making merry. The Colonel was at once greeted by a general chorus : — " Como along. Hero you are, Colonel. And your black ludy ?" Fossylo aud Spicer had ovideutly set this un- fortunato chuff going amongst the party. " This is your placo, Desmond,' said Fosayle, pointing to the chair near him, at the head of the table. "Tho chair opposite wo havo re served for tho guest of the eveniug, tho lady in black. You have brought hor in, no doubt. Elio is present, you know," Fossylo smiled knowingly at tho assemblage, " though not visible. to tho eyes of tho uninitiated." "May wo consider ourselves introduced?" "Let us bow to thochair." These and similar re marks went merrily round. Tho laughter aud jests acted as a slight tonic on Desmond's nervee. In a little timo he found himself able to forco a laugh or two. " Fill up your glasses; fill yours, Desmond ! " paid Fossylc. "I'll give the toast of the even ing — ' Tho occupant of the vacant chair ! Tho invisible guest ! Tho lady in black !'" "Here's to hor health," said Desmond, with a desperate effort at gaiety. Lifting his glass, his eyes, like all tho others, turned to tho und of the tablo. " My G — d ! " buibt from hiui ; tho glass almost fell from his hand ; he started back ; half rising from his seat. " Who has done this ! " he cried. Thero, at the end of tho table, in the ohair which had been vacant, sat tho lady in black, her staring eyes fixed on him, her whito faco contorted into a ghastly smile ! " Who has done this? " he repeated, hoarsely. "Bravo! Bravo! Magnificent! Irving out done. The ghost scene in Macbeth ! Splen did ! " came from all sides. " Huxh 1 hush ! " Fossylo interposed, an idst tho uproar. "Thejoko is going too far. Wo havo had enough, Desmoud." "Colonel," said Spicer from tho other sido, in a low tone of expostulation, 44 Their Excellencies havo just como into tho room." " Thero, there at the end of tho tablo ! It is a triolc," cried Desmond, wildly. 44 You soe her ! " 44 Old fellow, are you mad?" admonished Fossyle. 44 Tho whole room is looking at you." 44 By Jovo ! the joko has gono far enough. It must be put a stop to." Spicor rose, and stoop ing forward in hurried consultation with Fossylo, for a moment shut out from Desmoud'e view the end ot the table. 44 Ono of you fellows," he called out, resum ing his seat, 44 take that empty chair. Wo must end this. Their Excellencies will be furious. For heaven's sake, Desmond, let tho joko stop here." 44 Joko ! Would to heaven it were one !" Tho wretched Desmond sank shuddering in hischair. 44 Oh, if tho others only knew !" Their light hearted unconsciousness of tho presence of the ghastly spectre mado it all thu more appalling. Desmond's eyes fearfully sought theeud of the table, after their moment ary withdrawal. . A start, a stare, a smothered exclamation ! Ho rubbed his forehead. Tho lady in black way gono! In her placo tho simpering face of young Twemlow alono met his : gaze. Desmond gave a deep sigh of relief ; ho wiped the drops of horror from his brow. Thank heavens ! thoy had thought it a joke. Lot them chaff ; lie would keep up appearances now. Like Macbeth after Banqno's exit, he was a man again. 44 Don't you think that you owe us an expla nation ?" Fossyle inquired in a little time, when the chaff was beginniug to subside. 44 We have had the joke, and now for tho point. Who is the lady in black, Desmond?" 41 Yes, yes, who s sho? Who ib sho?" came tho ehorus on all sides. "Where's your discretion?" said Desmond, making a desperate effort at gaiety. 44 A man of your experience, Fossylo, to ask buck a question." 44 1 have an inspiration. I see the joke," cried out Spicer, suddenly. 44 She's Mrs. — What's- hor-name, whom all the row was about." 4 4 She is— ahe is/' Bhottted tho chorus. " W ell done, Spiocr. Well guessed. Mrs. MacDcr- mot." 44 He has rapped her up," cried ono. "She couldu t rofu.se/ris invitation," added another. 44 It was a command." A ghastly contortion did duty for a smilo on Desnumd's face. How awful the unsuspecting way in which they touched on the fearful truth. Oh, if they could only know ! Accursed tho ambition whioh had led him to covob tho power of seeing things invisible to other eyes ; thrico accursed the hour in which ho had attained it ! "So you fellows see it now, at last! Ha! ha !" The unhappy Desmond forced a laugh. 44 And now that the murder is out, we havo done with her for tho evening," said Fossylc. 44 Not till we toast hor again, in her own name," interposed Spicer. 44 Now, Colonel, once again fill up." 44 By .love ! I won't monopolise hor place any longer." And Twemlow jumped up, laughing, and resumed ids former scat, leaving tho chair at tho end of tho table vacant again. 44 Now, gentlemen, fill up," eaid Spicer. "To the spirit world in general, the black lady in particular, and our next merry meeting." All bowed towards the end of the table. Desmond's teeth chattered, his trembling lmml couid hardly hold tho glass. 44 Would that »ho wero hero," ho managed to gasp out, bowing likewise and raising his glass, lie lifted his eyes ; -there was a loud exclama tion, and then a crashing of glass on the floor. Tho Coionol had Btarted to his feot, hischair was violently pushed baok, his oyes glared wildly. Tho Lord Lieutonant and his party, and indeed overyone in the room, turnod round to stare at tho wretched Desmond. What did he care? A frantic terror dominated him, shutting out all other feeling. There at the end of tho table again sat tho gruesomo spectre 1 She had a glass in her hand this time, and her eyes wero fixed on him as sho bowed acknowledgement to tho toast. Their terriblo expression ! That smilo of secret, understanding and ghastly suggestion ! She was rising in her ohair. Good heavens ! wan she advancing to wards him ? A wild cry broko from Dosmond, his chair was flung to the ground ; in an instant ho had turned round and was tearing madly through tho room, making tor tho door, unconscious of everyone and everything in his terror. He looked, neither to tho right nor to tho left, chairs were overturned, plates and glasses crashed from the tables as his portly form swept by. Never had a more extraordinary sight been witnessed within the walls of Dublin Castle than the elderly official's flight from the suppor room. Wrth a loud slam of the door ho disappeared from viow. A simultaneous roar of laughtor burst from the whole room, and all oyes turned in tho same direction, to the middle tablo. There sat the lady in black still ! And now visible, it was ovi- dent, to ali eyes ! Thrown back in her chair, as overyone crowded around her, peal after peal of laughter camo from hor lips — in tho woll known tones of Lord Blarney ! 44 1 don't believe that I evor workod a bolter practical joko," said Blarnoy that night in the smoking room, with the convinced air of a con- noisseur. 44 You follows backed rue up splen didly. I'll take my oath His Ex. won't have to complain agaiu. The lesson will last Desmond all his life, eveq though hor Excellency — blosa these womon's soft hearts — insists on having tho secret let out to him. By Jovo, I shall never forget his faco 1 It was awful at the end." Tho lesson did have a lasting effect. Desmond never forgot the experience of that evening. The fancied attainment of his spiritualistic aspirations was also their death blow. He was never known to attond another scancc. 