SYKESVILLE: Or, A SNAP IN LUCK. A. — : " Filie uishy- Brothers' Minstrels- and . Boston; Vocal Pour llefiifNew vYprk , City /early in September, IS—, with prospebts'of a golden" harvest before theni. J-'hey .were booked, for L-- — -j N. Y:, and woidd have ap peared. vinc;-that,' place lnid it" riot" been ' for a- fire which destroyed the only "pperajho use in town only one- day., preceding the. agent's- visit. Soon after his arrival 111, L ' . , he was nitormecljoi tnejacii, aiiu ub uluucul«v.'iv ; telegraphed) to \ the mkhager of the - company asking what "cpurse'-to pursue ;ft'..but, upon receiving no. leply, hh ft decided "to ft;take" the - responsibility of the matter : 'wholly iipon his ownftshoiilders, ft, arid left L- -the same day for Sykesyille', a small 'village pnThe P. & S R. 'Rr'it being th'e o:hly place he cpiild' choose. . ...He- Arrived: in Syhesv'ille,. early in tlieveningyancl wasj very-'- much ' disappointed i-witli the Appearanceftof ( the i place ; for/ instead of-® haying . 'a ypbpulatibn|qf fttwo| thousand, as lie had been mfprmed,'it had-onlyia..trifle over-six hundred inhabitants.' —-One "noticeable event which made him '- think- a; great: deal less of the.place was.tliat he wasjthe only person. that left the cars, and ritiremaigv.';passfmgera...h>pk:. af v,him with, perfect'lamazemerit, -rind; seeiniiigly woii d er ed wli at his 'busihes'Sould bb' inftthat plaCeft-1' .# «> J \- He,.walked..slowly.to..the.-hotelMand..w.ith.thei.airipf;aj lord looked . about . for the register ; then ( psked the Tandloi'd' at whatHiihe he 'could1 get supper, ft' ' hi " <« , ,ft' ,Wal, „supper,is. all over," was .the reply,. i'..and,,iny,( wife has gone to a prayer-meetin', but I reckon as the gal can 'fix1 up suthiri' for you'.! ft I'll go '.and see aboutj it." ., / ' !'" > h" T This 'was' 'rather an unexpected answer, and the agent' had almost" a. mind tp limit' up "another hotel .but E filial tliought struck him thiit his situatiou would' not allow., hirii to' be too " crank so he concluded-to Wait, uiitii . after supper, and then see if the old nian would not be, in a better, mood. The j host soon re turned, with, the warning that supper was in readiness.? The agent, left; .ft 'his- silk "/tile " and caiie in the office, and proceeded to the dining-room, -or, rather, an. apologyftfor; one, ivlipre lie partopk of sonie bisciiit and; honey, a cup of tea, and, a, doughnut- _ J: f ; After 'Slipper- ihe-.doiined his silk hat, and, swinging his gold-headed cane, started to " look up the town," when lie was accopted jby the' randlofd, iwho asked hinic if he was " sellin': suthin'. " . He replied that he was not, - and- said : ' "I am the advance agent of the Quisby Brothers' Miristrels arid Bo'stoii Vocal Eour.i i I aril desirous jpf',' having the company play here if I can make arrange- , nients ! tliat: Svould be satisfactory to both myself and manager.", ... , , . .. ., " Oh',- you've got' a 'show, have you ? - ' Wal, I'don'F think you , could do,, much;1 here unless you put up a powerful lot of . pictures;;: You see, the boys have been. foolediso much with poor troupes that they .are a. little 'scared' about gpi.n'.ft" Howftmanjis -there- in youift shoiv ?"-,.., . ...ft 'v - ft..-' " The company comprises sixteen artists of rare abilities, such/as musicians -.and/negro.' delineators,- an dp I confidently assert- that the unique and skilful exhibit tions given by them cannot be surpassed by any troupe in existence. In conjunction with the Boston Vocal Four We have a gaily-uniformed brass, banc! that ; giyesp a daily street-parade, and discourses elegant selections in front -of; the hall for /one-half an hour urevious to the opening of the doors in the evening." "Wal, I think, if it is all/you say it is, you may ,be able to get out a good crowd. .. You know it is hop) picking time, and there is a good many people here now, but I think that if you give the first show for nuthin'; you Would have a bigger crowd the second- night, when they saw it was ,a good troupe." | ( I'o this ' last remark the agent could not listen, and after inquiring the way to the Village Hall he asked who the proprietor was, and 'was informed that it was Squire Guise, and that he- 'could probably be found At the Corner Store. He then left the hotel, silently wondering if all the people in Sylcesville were like the,, landlord, and) thinking how the party ivas getting along, arid he soon reached the Corner Store. He asked if Squire Guise was 111, and a rough, "surly voice replied,: . , , ./ , f ; - , , . Yes, I ain Squire Guise, \yiiafc do you .want?"/ ft " Well, sir, I havb been informed' that you .were the owner and manager of the Village Hall, and I called to see .if I- could engage the same/ next Tuesday1' evening." . - - " Wal, that depends entirely on what you want it for," he replied. ."I want to produce ari Ethiopian 'and musical extra-' vaganza, to be given by the Quisby Brothers' Trouba- . dour Minstrels and the IBoston Vocal F our — a remark ably fine entertainment, I assure you. " . " Wal,' if there-is 110 spiritualism about it, you may have the hall for seven dollars and a family ticket that - will admit six. " : This was very muph lower than the agent expected to hear-'; brit he remarked', apparently amazed : 1 ft "Your hall must b e a very fine one if you receive' so - large an amount for it per night." " Wal, we'll walk up aqd see it, if you like.- The trustees aire holdiii' a school-meetin' there to-night,'? said the Squire ; and as it was only a short distance" from the Corner Store, the agent soon beheld Village Hall.; It; was, perhaps, the worst-looking place he had seen during his fourteen years of professional expert ence. There was a small stage, 110 dressing-rooms, 110 chairs, only benches, and plenty of them ; there were bpt four windows visible, and each of tliem had only. a narrow strip of glass running from top to bottom. When asked the reason for the last feature, the Squire replied that the boys threw stones, so that he did not dare to' put in wider windows. ; : ! The agent, , of course, " queered " the house as much- as he possibly could without raising the old man's ire, and finally asked if he could not possibly rent the hall for five' 'dollars, instead of seven, as ' he first said; After considerable coaxing, the Squire consented to let thrift K'alliffiiib&eagent;'s offer, and acpriOtCi ' was ftaoou .«7 . ! " Q ' v The iageiit-then left tli%7Sqnii,iitoarem to. the ' HbteL ' Whiio'ieitting: in 'tlie office ft KexveryAnuch aiirrised by'tlie'ftdoriv'ririsatiGn offttvb.:countrymerihvho ft were-stalkingfaborit tlie isUqtVad yisitridftsSkes- ' viilriv-and wlioftdatrid:risjfaribacfe|as;p P. Ball/tDan .RicevlEi SbWas%iniancl fthleyajShay ' would I never tliiiik pf 'iigiymg , Sesyiljbpfto-by. ftTheirft'conyrirsatiori! cattlj aricLftcrops, ariclft tliat'liavirig.ftrio 'hiriaj-ffiesasopSaie of tlie laridlbrdftvherehe- liailftiip-s night; thinking continriaiiythe cptoy,a|rawwon- 1 dering ft ; wliatl s uccess .ftthey were having. He'- soon fell asleep,' -arideri'riy the.'iiext morning ; he; arosri/ft-and soon a contractft iwas 'sriiiul e with the landl"'d-' t.. Keep the jcomprinylat'ftiiiri"liouse, although ifc,;ri.udi- gainst his ufife's.-isii'er' J As there Svas 110 hillpokbei-in town, And-- much worse, nt).,billboards, he waaftpfieoui'seempe '-posting, and shedriear the' hotel, 'lmftftat :'oririe»|rit;; it completely oVSr, niucltHsoHiieiEijfprite of the"" gillies" who had gathered about, watching the paper as it went ;up;'«;;exclaiming "Oh I'ftaat eyery new sheet, and saying: " If 'they have. aUfctifat thripictures show 'up, it will Ibe a-good troiijp;e; Ipl l|et. The1' next plaice ivastliev village school-house fence, rwhich was soon covered with -gay ly-illumiiiated,.posters. and-stock minstrel-cuts of every description , and before diririer-time every shed and post iii" the 'village' ivais coveredwith:'the-Quisby'Brothers'-paper;-..-«-Soon- after-- wards the place was properly programmed,. .and- the,, agent succeeded iri borrowing five dollars from ah old'' "circus. friend, and,. giving ilirin an order on the manager ' for that amount, left the town. The day' of the 'company's Appearance soon eanie-ftftaf bright, lovely autumn clay — and with it came thri Quisby -Brothers' Minstrrils arid ' Boston Vocal Four. Aftei; trie,. party arrived at; "lie hotel' and got their roomri, -the manager and several -members went"; out jto,) " look up the. town,'' 'but soon returned, feeling very gloomy. " The'' company had been doing a veiry poor business, arid 011 their arrhral in Sykesvillie tliere were .. not ' four doliai-s in the 'treasury. ' 1Witirthe''prospee!ts-' of a graye:;before'; tlieiri,' their feelings of gloom 'iir 1 creased.ftft It Iwas the in tention of . the manager to tele graph for. the agent's return, "ut he thought- it. would be'a better ..punishment . for him to" be'l'eft there if the"- company, weriiiuip, tiian.', anything ' else ffie kririw :of, : and ' said he thought the man must have been crazy to have billed a coinpany of; sixteeirpeople in so small a place as SykesAfiile,ianffideservedrto bfe left in arivildeiaiess. ft The song-and-dan'cO man) who played the bass-dru'm - in the band, said he Wislied' All towns were no larger than this, so that , heft could ;be excused from carrying a big'bass-drum' for a long time ; fpr,- said' he : ft 1 ' ' We can ''hover, this'-tbwri 'iii1 twenty minutes,- long ' before two o'clock, the. hour announced 011 the bills for street-parade." , ... . . : . . ft. .ft ... ft Tlie villiage'istreetfi .-were , 'throrigtcfewitiiisElKf' People that lived - riiiles "frorii-'Sykesville came fej'tbTn 1 that day to .witiiess the grand street-paracle. At two" o'clock, tiie baiid, started out, headed by the manager,,/ who inarehed tliriin aroiindft every strriet arid lane in tlie place, and then the band played half an hour in frorit of . the . hotel, :to the. amusement, of the- Sykesvillians. The music; was; really a treat, fprft they- had not heard,1 a;- band for four years, and it was a feature of the troupe uilcvu Avclo Weil IctciVcUt il.ilc ullUUllu JJlOtb pects were a little-better for the coming night. The boys overheard .the conversation of many people around:'- the hotel, and they , began to think that they might . have a good house. ' ! K ' Seven o'clock arrived, and, they were sumin'qned by a friw!blasts of tlie'- leader's' cornet." ' They fo'rriied -in' line and marched to '-Village Hall, where they again discoursed their sweet inusic, but were interrupted by the shouts of the crowd many times, and also by run-., away horses. The farmers were all coming to see the show, vehicle, after vehiclri, passed tlie hall, and at half- past seven the house was well filled. The band was compelled to stop playing, for, the reason that the hall, ivas so rapidly filled ; Anil as there was no stage-en-' trance, they feared' they could not pass -through the " house at eight o'clock. Every seat was taken, and long before the curtain .went, pp the place was jammed,: to' suffocation; and people were actually being turned' away for want of room.. ftftThe boys went 011, feeling' good, for it had been wide-spread around that the " ghost" would .surely walk in'ithe morning,; and; that: the company would continue, with two. hundred dollars added to the treasury, and the manager took back his assertion that his advance worker was crazy. - The circusft fakir, ivlio .liad been1 so kind' in lending the agent money ivas repaid. > The company left town with happy hearts ; and now, when they do a bad business, you can often hear the. wish- that Sykesville 'was before them: ' "' '' ; ft .. > Why quit - the -stage.— First actor : "I- hear ydii've retired from the stage— quit acting and throivu up the- sock, and buskin." Second actor: "Yes, I have, I've quit for good." " You know when youVe got enough,; don't you ?" ; 'ft Well,,. se'-.'know'-jvhen the ft public lias got enough. Good !" y ft A speedy ivay to stop your credit is to let your account rail .on, , "ft" .ft , .ft ...'ft. ' " . , ft. ... ;The Mystery of, a Hansom Cab.— Hoiv to enter it without knocking your hat off. "Well, said Slight, the undertaker , "I'm not much of a fighter," but wlieri it comris to boxing I' can riasily lay out any man." ' 1 . : ft, If you want to be ivell-informed, take, a paper. Even a paper of pins will give, you some good -points, f Mr. Hopper— "May I have the pleasure of this dance,1 Miss Snobb?" Miss Snobb (wishing to show her preference)— " Thanks, Mrft. Hopper ; I don't' dance with ' every -Tom-Dick-and-Harryi but -I'll 'make fta-n 1 exception of you." - 1 ft1 