Lecture by Mr.icton,iu Reply to one by Mr. Collins, the Secularist Lecturer. Did J esds Eise fkom the Dead ? ( Continued .) Infidel Lecturer. — Jesus told bis twelve Apostles that they should be rulers over the twelve tribes of Israel. Judas you know was one of them. This proves that Josus did not a: know that Judas would betray him. f' Reply.— How very conclusive 1 But it so ? happens that just betore desus tuns spoxe to them, he informed ihom that the hand of him that was to betray Him was with Him on the ' table (see Luke xx. v. 21 and 30.) What reliance is to be placed on tliiB gentleman's : assertions? The narrative proves that Jesus did ibiow that Judas would betray Him. (Ap plause.) Infidel Lecturer. — Jesus you know said that i »s Jonah was in the whale's, belly, three days 1 and 'three nights, so he would- be tkreo days i and three nights in the grave ; this lie never \ fulfilled; the facts from the Gospels show ! thisi The Jewish Sabbath followed Friday, 1 the day he was crucified, 'and he rose early on ! Sunday morning — he was not 30 hours in the grave. Reply. — Our friend's arithmetic is as bad as his logic. Lot us see. Say Jesus was en tombed about 5 o'olook on the Friday — we ars now supposing Friday to have been the day of Crucifixion — from 5 o'clock on Friday to 5 o'clock on Saturday would be 24 hours, and from 5 o'clock on Saturday to Sunday morning at 5 ' o'clock," 12 hours. That gives 36 hours, instead of " not 30." But where in tbe Gospels does be reud that the cruoifixion took , 7 place on a " Friday "? The fact is they make I no mention whatever of the day of the week jj ' on which it took place. Mark's testimony | certainly is against Friday being the day. ' He says — "Now when th o even' was come, because it_ (i.e., tbe even) was the ' prepara tion ,' that is the day before the Sabbath, Joseph of Aramathea, &c.;" Had that " even " been the commencement of the Sabbath , and that day been the Sabbath, Joseph would not. have dared to do what it is recorded of him that he ' did. It is dear thoref ore that a day must have .intervened between the day of the crucifixion and the Sabbath, and that there fore Friday could not have been the day of the crucifixion. It must have been th& pre ceding day. When Christ spoke of the "three days and three nights," He was not referring to -His body being in the tomb, but to His Spirit being in Hades — The tomb surely could not be culled " the heart of the earth." That form of expression was common among the Jews, and was used to denote the "invisible world" or " Hades." Paul uses the same £ idea in his epistle to the Galatiaus iv. 5, 9, |. " Now that he ascended what is it but that he | also descended into ' the lower parts of the earth.' " His Spirit was therefore in Hades on Thursday, Friday and Saturday ; and Thursday, Friday and Saturday nights. So we see that He did fulfil his word in relation to this matter. (Applause.) Infidel Lecturer. — We now come to the crucifixion. Jesus is God you know. He is about to suffer a penalty to redeem the world. He knows he muBt do it. He goes to a gar den and there he sweats great drops of blood. Just fancy a God sweating 1 f Reply. — The fancy is altogether an infidel | one, and an ignorant one too : it certainly is i not a christian fancy. OhristianB are not so 8: insane as to believe that the body of Ohrist — 7 Ju or9anlsni — was- God. The infidel sneer I; misseB its mark. (Applause.) infidel lecturer then caricatured the >.? m the garden, and the prayer of the .Lord that the cup might pass from Him. " He was quite willing ' (said Mr. Collins), " that it should pass from him, and yet we are asked to believe that he is God." Reply.— It certainly requires a considerable amount of patience to reply to such con temptible perversions and cavils. The ob jector ought to know that Christ is represen- ted in the Gospels as possessing two natures — a human nature and a divine nature He is therefore spoken of as the Son of Man and the Son of God. In the present case the aspect given is from the human Bide aB the f J/aw." As a man, bone of our- bone, B j ,!sb our fl0ah — as one who had been made like unto His brethren in all things, sin only excepted ; and it was as such He prayed that the cup might pass from Him " if it be possible ; that is if it were possible for man to be saved without His drinking it. The result showed that it was not possible. Infidel Lecturer. — There is no need to tell you that these writers contradict each other. Some write about things that all the others omit. Peter, according to one, cuts off a man s ear and a miraole is performed by restoring the ear. Yet all the other writers refine lo notice it. These writers contradict each other on theBe matters. _ Reply. — The obtuseness of this secularistie light is lamentable. He appears to be unable to discern any difference between a "contra diction " and an " omission and yet he has the audacity to pose as a oritic and a teacher. Poor man, he can see no difference between a writer not recording an event and one denying or contradicting an event ; between the silence of one and the positive contradiction of another I Matthew records that Jesus was born ' in the days of Herod the King," the other writers omit any mention of this fact ; therefore, according to this obtuse lecturer, Mark, Luke and John contradict Matthew 1 But from whence did he obtain his informa tion thai all the other writers befosed to notice the miracle performed by Jesus on the man whose ear Peter cut off ? "Was it from those utterly utter high authorities — Ingersoll, Bradlaugh, Mrs. Besant, or Mr. Joseph Symes ? If so we need not wonder at the gentleman's befogment. (Laughter and ap plause.) The infidel lecturer then proceeded to notice the account of Peter's deninl of hie Master, after coarsely caricaturing the circum stance ; to the great delight of his audience. He said, " I want you to notico the difforent stories of this matter, by the different gospel writers. According to one Peter went out into the porch, but nccording to the others Peter never went out into the porch." Reply. — Now if this statement bo true, cer tainly we have a clear case of contradiction. But is it true ? Ab ! that's the rub. It is not true but utterly false. Will tbe secular ist lecturer kindly supply us with the chapters and verses in which " the others " state that " Peter never went out into the porch" Had he used his organs of vision he might perhaps have discovered that, according to Matthew xxvi. 71, " Peter went out into the porch," and according to Mark xiv. 68, " He went out into the porch," — so we soo that two of them at all events do say that ' Peter went out into the porch," but none of them say Peter did.not, or as the secularist lecturer seems -to prefer to put it, " never " " went out into the porch." Infidel Lecturer. — We now come to the crucifixion, and what do we find ? Why that they all disagree regarding the hour it took place. One ' tells us it was at the third hour, another tells us it was at the sixth, ana another tells us it was at the ninth hour; here's a pretty lot of witnesses. Reply. — What a lamentable state of obfus- cation this gentleman's mind must be in. I must again ask for the chapters and verses where one says the crucifixion took place at the sixth hour, and where another says it took place at the ninth hour I That one of the evangelists, viz., Mark, tells us that it took place at the third hour wo admit, but deny that either Matthew, Luke or John say that it was at the sixth hour, or the ninth hour. None of the evangelists except Mark mention the . hour. Matthew and Luke mention tbe sixth hour— not as the hour of the crucifixion but as the time when the darkness began ; also the time it continued, viz., " until the ninth hour." We now see who the blunderer is- Infidel Lecturer. — We read there were two thieves crucified with Jesus. According to one Gospel both railed on him ; but according to another, one of them was one of the great est believers Jesus ever had. He asked to be remembered when Jesus came into his king dom. Reply. — Just so; but where is there any contradiction. Matthew says that the two reviled him, and Luke says that one of them asked to be remembered when Jesus oame into his kingdom. Luke does not deny that both reviled him, nor does Matthew deny that one of them supplicated him. Both accounts are true. (Applause.) Infidel Lecturer. — Wo then read that Josus told thiB dying thief that that day he should be with him in Paradise. Was that promise fulfilled ? Did Jesus ascend to Heaven that day ? No ; he went into the grave. If it was fulfilled then Heaven must be in the earth. Reply. — Yes, that promise was fulfilled although Jesus did not ascend to Heaven that dny ; neither is Heaven in the earth. Jesus did not promise the thief that he should be with him in " Heaven " that day ; but that he should bo with him in " Paradise." ThiB the thief (being a Jew), would understand to be Hades ; that part of it called " Abraham's Bosom," where the righteous, according to Jewish belief, were reserved until the resur- reotion morn. The parable of the rich man and Lazarus gives the Jewish idea and belief concerning Hades. Infidel Lecturer. — We are told that when JeBus was on the cross a terrible darknesB overspread the land, but this is not mentioned by any historian of the time. Reply. — Who were the historians of the time ? He should have informed us. Where were they living ? Why did he not mention names. Justin Martyr refers to it in his " Apology," which he prosented to the Em peror of Rome in 161 ; and refers the Emperor io Pilate's report of it, which was in the archives of the capitol. Oelsus referB to it, but does not dispute it, and the Emperor Julian also refers to it without questioning it. The two last-named were determined opponents of the gospel. Infidel Lecturer. — We also read in one of the Gospels that the last cry of Jesus on tbe cross was " My God, my God, why hast thou forsaken me ? " You will find that they all give a different "cry." They bungle as.to what the last words of Jesus were. Reply. — We shall very soon see who it is thai bungles, who the bungler is. It so happens that none of the writers give this as the " last cry." The only writers that men tion this cry are Matthew and Mark, and so far from representing it as the " last cry," they both inform us that He " cried again with a loud voice '' and " yielded up the ghost." Who is the " bungler " now ? (Applause.) Infidel Lecturer. — Then again, even as re gards the account of the women present at the crucifixion, they contradict one another. One writer tells us that they all crowded around the cross. While the others say they stood a long way off. Which iB the true aocount ? Which of them are we to believe? I say neither of them. Reply. — After the many bungles which he has made it matters not what he says. His say goes for nothing now. (Applause.) Why did be not read to his audience the passages from the Gospels and bIiow the contradictions ? — but no that would not have suited him, they would have failed to show any oonfliot whatever between the writers ; his followers must swallow down whatever he tells them. The women that Matthew, Mark and Luke speak of ub standing and beholding afar off are (with the exception of Mary Magdalene) different to the women standing near the cross, as recorded by John. Those at the crosR were just those we would expeot to find there, the mother of Jesus, His mother's sister, Mary the wife of Cleophas, and Mary Magdalene. Those who stood afar off were women who fol lowed him from Galilee. Mary the mother of James the less, Joanna, Mary the mother of Zsbedee's children, and Mary Magdalene. What is there to hinder Mary Magdalene (who evidently was a very prominent person among the disciples) leaving the company of the women who came from Galilee, and joining Mary the mother of Jesus, at the cross ? (To be continued.) 