£ NIGHT AND A HORNING IN A SWISS PASS. WK had nearly reached the end of our all too brief holiday among the peaks and passes of Switzerland when, one evening, at the close of a somewhat toilsome excursion, we arrived at the hotel at which we hoped to find hospitality for the night In our party were two ladies, a London suburban vicar, a Yorkshire woollen manufacturer from Halifax, and two or three others who need not be distinguished. Already we had more than one mirth-provoking adventure, and when we reached the hotel we were in a mood to catch and to enjoy the humorous side of everything, and to make the best of whatever circumstances might be in store for us. The proprietor of the hotel received us with much politeness, but was plunged in grief that he had to inform us that the hotel was full. Dinner, of coarse, we could have, but as to" beds, that was simply impossible. However, at the end of a long parley he undertook to provide for us some kind of sleeping accommodation, if we did not mind a little inconvenience. We did not mind anything, except the inconvenience of being compelled -to go on, and gladly, therefore, accepted his offer. The dinner was real and met with keen appreciation, but the sleeping accommodation was phantasmal. We soon saw what had been in lie proprietor's mind when he told us that the hotel was "fulL". Before ten o'clock tables were removed and portable bedsteads of various sizes and conditions were dragged into the salle à manger. But we looked at each other out of the corner of one eye, bitterly conscious that not one of these shakedowns was for us. It was too true. We fell to laughing, the only way of raising our spirits, which, despite tbe cheerful mood in which we entered the hotel, began rapidly to sink, as we began to realize whatthe experiences of the night wonld be. The two ladies had already retired, not to bed, but to a corridor upstairs, where they were to sit or lie all night on a stunted little safa, which might have held two persons fairly well if their bodies had terminated at the rib3 ; and this with a freezing temperature round the hotel, aboat which the ice lay thick. The floor of our hostelry was indeed really higher than much snow in the pass that never melts at alL But to return to the gentlemen. Fortunately it seemed that most of us were disciples of the immortal Mark Tapley. We not only remained of sound mind, we were hilarious. Indeed our mirth increased in exact proportion to our discomforts ; nor were we yet half so mirthful as we were to be. Laughing was all very well, but when I saw one sofa, three feet long, rolled in for four of us, and when, following upon this the London vicar put three canebottomed chairs together, and announced bis intention to pass the night stretched oat on those, with no further covering than last Thursday's Daily News, afiairs, I thonght, had reached a critical position. * So to the landlord we go. We mnst have another couch of some kind. Well, he would try. He tried : and a long box with a cushion fastened to the lid, was dragged in, much to the annoyance of some of the foreigners just falling asleep. They groaned heavily, and. some of them would have turned over in their discontent but the beds were too'small to allow of it. Now, who was to sleep on the cushioned box top ? Our friend the vicar adhered to his intention of passing the night on three chairs, but of this we would not hear. We had too much reverence for the venerable institution represented in his amiable paison, and almost by main force we removed him from the perilous frame-work in which he was suspended to the rough but stable stretcher. My bachelor friend consorted with the Halifax gentleman on the armchair sofa. By an ingenious arrangement of their lower limbs they managed to get three parts of themselves on the sofa without lying in each other's laps. For myself I had already made my bed by laying a knapsack on the boards. But bedclothes of some kind must be found for us. We might sleep on bare boards, but we must have something more than our walking suits to sleep in. There was nothing for it but to make a general levy all over the house. The proprietor having exhausted his resources, those of English diring must be tried. I begged a short jacket of the Boots, and this I threw to the vicar amid peals of laughter from our two friends on the couch, who BOW lay like interlocked signal levers at some raiiway crossing, neither having the power of independent motion. I next secured from some one a big Inverness cape, and this fairly covered the two aforesaid, while a thick ordinary coat completed the vestments of the vicar. These foraging excursions, from which I returned each time with a bundle so ridiculons as to set onr party in a roar, reached their climax when I secured for my own bedding an immense door-mat, hard as timber, and the dried skin of a chamois. This latter convulsed the house, for it bore a ghastly resemblance to the dead animal. The shape of the bead and the eye-holes were well preserved, while the trotters of the poor goat dangled from both ends and made an_ unearthly pitter-patter on the boards. "Silence! " A heap of bedclothes in one of the portable shake- downs writhed discontentedly and emitted the above interjection in a voice of thunder. We were sorry for the foreign gentleman who shouted, but really we could not help laughing. The spectral chamois, entering in the dim lamplight, and making death faces about the vicar's box-bed, was too much for mortal nerves. The gruff foreigner had his bed. We had only our laugh. Did he want to rob us of that ? Quiet having been temporarily restored, I my knapsack, and in getting into position could not help observing that the floor of the Hôtel de la Furka had not been laned to the symmetry of the human form ; but et that pass. There was a knapsack for the ead, boards for the back, and a door-mat and chamois skin for covering. The one-drawack to the mat was its inflexibility.. It would ot touch anywhere, pull it as one might, and he least change of position in tbe would-be leeper caused it to tilt over on to the boards. s for the skin, it, too, was far from closeitting ; and although the movements of the body id not send it flyiDg across the floor, they yet ad the nnbappy effect of knocking the trottera a m i s A t c t f a i c S h s m o p t c against the boards n ith a spirit-rapping sound that-made, one's hair stand on end. In spite of the friend who-had called. "silence," every incident connected with my settling do wn for the night provoked the mirth of my better placed comrades. They, lapped in comparative clover, and knowing that little sleep awaited them, gave themselves up to enjoyment at my expense. Still we must bave fallen asleep, for I remember awaking an hour or two afterwards and becoming conscious of dusty, mouldy cdourc, and a sensation of gradually freezing to the boards. I gave a turn, shaking chilis and chamois off at onee, and-again slept. But at earliest dawn a startling peal rang through the room, bed, sofa, box, and door-mat trembled, and a sudden creakuu of bedsteads and rustling of clothes told me that everybody was getting up—but myself. The sound was the horn blown at sunrise, calling visitors to see the Alps of the Valai3 lit with the rose-flame of morning. . . Dear to one's, heart is the daybreak painted on the snow of a hundred peaks, but for a moment a fearful straggle raged unaer tbe chamois'skin. Wby shoull I go out in the j cold ? Had I not been in the cold all night ? My eyes were closed, "but I heard some visitors step over me on their way out, and one of them sail to aflOther, " Look ! " Yes, there was no doubt something to look at. Probably within the four walls of-most menageries.a more.extraordinary object would not be found than,the tourist who occasioned this touching reference. But the next moment I was putting ou my boots and hasteniog out. .1 found a crowd gazing at"j£ seine the same in its nature asT had seen frôin'-Jthé dormit jry window oï thètrrîmsel Hospicej bût ou a scale of. magmficence nofc possible tbete. The rays of dawn had here a hundred miles of countty on - whiclr Lto throw their frescoes. They seemed to sboot wêstward from come-pool of light-bidden about the- St. Gothard, teaching with thé ineffable rose-blosh of an Alpine ïno: ning every white mo onlain on their way. The glow was on ihe;Leckihnra, the Gletecherhoni, the -Salenstock, ihe Mntr thorn ; and far away over the'Rbône. valley the highest rampart of Europe reflccted'the splendour fro a Monte Rosa^to the giants «bout Cbamoaaix. . It was.^nly four A. H, yet, nnd our beds were not to be ready nntil eight. . 'Why return from 6&6h a flgh t -to that salle â manger where so wôcful a Bïght had-been 'spent with the chatterng ghost of tbe chamois Why not fetayout and-go higher ! So we went higher, over the spnrs of the Furkaborn, until a face of broken rocks were reached from which ie gained onr heart's desire. The sight was almost more than the nil rested nerves could bear, and a strange balffear of falling into depths thirty, fifty, and even seventy miles away—bot seeming to be quite near—made one hold to tbe rocks and plant tbe iron-point of one's staff more firmly. There was no danger, only a sense of being drawn down into the gorges that opened sublimely to south, so nth-west, and west. On the right the Shreckhorn (13,386) ana the Finsterâarhorn (14,026) stretched their shapes above the glaciers like headless eagles with outspread wings. In front, below me, gaped the gorge of the Mntthorn. Bat what made the head swim with a delirious awe was tbe opening np of the ice-depths between the masses of the Weisshorn and the Matterhorn. Though fifty miles away, the height and lustre of these Alps exposed them to clearest view from the platform—8,500 feet high—on which I stood. 'One gorge seemed to open beyond another ; one abyss turned and shelved into abysses more measureless, until the soul of the spectator felt half constrained to yield itself to the immensity around and be lost in the nothingness! that seemed its due. From the beatitudes, however, hunger and weariness brought us down. Breakfast was followed by the long looked-for bed, where one slept with a business-like determination to make up arrears. Ko grisly death's head scared the angels from the pillow, no leaden door-mit weighed upon the veins. Rising about two o'clock mid-day, the hotel seemed frozen, though a hot sun was shining, and it was the nineteenth of August. Ail hope of organized devotions for that day-was gone. The vicar and his friends, and even this blithe child were still lapped in slumber. One must either go back to bed or walk ; it was too cold to sit about in tourist costume. Most unwillingly I left the hotel behind. My friend was to catch me up by diligence at Hospenthall the next morning, when we would cross the St. Gothard pass together, and spend Monday night at Airolo. Joyfully fstrapped on the knapsac& and struck outforRealp. The blood began to flow more warmly, and the raptures of solitude in the mountains found their way into heart and speech. It was the only Sabbath service I conld have, and as, bounding down tbe steep road, I offered at tbe altars of the heights such sacrifice as I could. Walking is sometimes not mere walking, but the whole nature, body, soul, and spirit-, in religious exercise. Try that bit of road from the Fftrka .to Realp. It is only eight and a half miles, but it has a glorious Ml of nearly 3,000 feet in that distance, and from beginning to end it is a platform from which the eye looks out upon what inspires. All the empty diligences wanted to pick one up, but it was worth a fee to be put into a dusty coach. The driver ought to pay who on such a road packs you away from the smiling creation. . The last three miles into Realp are a series of barrel-hoop carvings in the road, which the foot passenger avoids by going sheer down the grass track. He has strong knees if he does not sometimes go down on that track. The road here is the .counterpart of the Fûrka Zigzags. It gives a beautiful view of the Ureeren Thai, a valley straight as an arrow, and watered by the Realper Reuss from Realp to Andermatt Above it, northward, the bayonet- spires of the Spitzliberg and the Batzberg broke the sky-line, while, on the south side, steep grassy slopes pastured many a tinkling herd. The faint cow- bells gave a spirit-like hush to the dusk, and one oiten paused and strained the sight to catch some glimpse of the herd-boy and bis shadowy charge far aloft in the gloaming. Matthew Arnold's charming lines were remembered : In front the awful Alpine track Climbs up its rocky stair ; The autumn storm- winds drive tbe rack Close o'er it in the air. Tet, though the virgin mountain air Fresh through these pages blows, Though to these leaves the glaciers spare The toul of their white snows ; Though here a mountain mnrmur swells Of many a dark-boughed pine ; Though as you read, you hear the bells Of the high- pjsturing kine ; Tet, through the hum of torrent lone, And brooding mountain bee, There sobs I know not what ground-tone Of human agony. It was nearly dark as I hurried through Realp, but seeing a church door open I entered. Two very old women of the village were handling their rosaries and muttering prayers near the door, but the church was otherwise empty. One thing I could see in the deep shadow, and that was a carved arm and hand extended from the front of the pulpit, and grasping a cross in such a way that it looked like the Land of a preacher holding the cross before the congregation. The device was striking. The next day we threaded the mazes of the Via Trcmola in the St. Gothard Pass, and arrived at Airo'o, on the Italian side of tbe Alps, about two o'clock. In the descent we were captivated by the pine-forested slopes below us, and the fair vistas opening far away. Our hotel was mostly full of French people, but they were not too French to be able to f-peak some English, and to enter into our reports on English afiairs. " Airolo quarters. were free from midnight spectres of dead chamois. We had good sleep, good waking, and next day a comfortable passage through that half-dreaded tunnel which pierces tbe St. Gothard at Airolo, and does not strike daylight for nearly ten miles further on at Goesehenen. This longest tunnel in the world was far cooler and more airy than many a short tunnel - of three hundred yards in England, Twenty minutes was spent ic going through, bnt conversation, reading, or walking from carriage to carriage coald be carried on with comfort. Getting out at Altorf—the birthplace of William Tell—I spent a memorable morning in the beautiful church and in climbing to the high p'aces of the village. From the old chapel the prospest is magnificent. Altorf, like a boat Atlantis rollers, is fairly lost among the ountains. Perhaps no place in Switzerland more grandly embosomed in the hills. The march by the Axenstrasse to Biiinnen was cotching, the heat being reflected from the xenstein as' from a puddler's furnace. But he grandeur of the sitcation, the nairow track at in the precipitous face of the mountain, and he green lake far below, kept one in heart. Next morning the steamer took us to Wcggig, rom whence we climbed the RighL Here gain we bad broiling heat, but it was only an ncident, and was so taken. The ascent was heered by a company of the girls' school from offingen—a party of about eighty of the ealthiest, happiest little girls one had ever een. Tbey went up in loose order, and were uch amused at the good humoured offers of ne of onr party, conveyed in a German eculiarly his own, to guide them safely to the op and carry all luggage for them ! Let no one be frightened aï the Righi. Of ourse it is nearly twice the height of Snowdon, but it is more easily ascended than the Capel Curig side of that mountain. Clouds himg over the remoter portions of the famous mountain panorama commanded at the -summit, but there was enough unveiled to make the place what it really is, " beautiful for situation, the joy of the earth." Perhaps nowhere in creation is there a fairer sight than that of Lake Uri stretching northward from the foot of the High-. Its beauty eludes memory, but even if memory could retain it no words could set it forth. We mast leave it in its cool home tlU we see it next time. Of the rest—the evening passage over empurpled waters to Lucerne, the flymg train to Paris, the sudden plunge thereinto human commotions, of the streets, of political journalism, and of military preparations—the time fails to speak. But for one word there shall be room. Wo'weighed anchor from the French coast in the dark, and when at length the dawn of that August morning revealed the English coast in a line of pale white clife, nothing we had seen of far-off chalet and torrent, of glacier and peak, made us loth to tarn to the dear land that boio 