GRETNA GREEN MARRIAGES. (From the London Daily Tdegtraph.) SEverybhody knows that Gretna Green as a nmatrimonial institution is dead; but its ghost still haunts the law courts, nod on Saturday it appeared before Mr. Justice Butt. Forty-three years ago a young girl, not yet sixteen, was living with her parents at Tower [louse, Woodehester, in Gloucestershire. She Inet Mr. Charles ianrdiner, and-It is needles to say-they loved. " They made up ther minds to get married, and witiout the leave of their parents"; so they seoured the aid atdt company of a Mr. and :Mrs. Smith- names that rather spoil thoeromance-- and arranged for an elopement to: Gretna Green. At that thie these marriages wero legal, even if the parties contraeting had only just arrived on Scottish soil-their steeds still oauoking with thie hot haste mado to escape capture by an augry father. The young girl of 1840 is now a lady not far from 60, and she deposed before the Divorce Court on Saturday to the fact of the mar. rlago. She rememnbered the " ceremony," which seemted short and simple. Hler hus band put a ring on her finger ; a few words were spoken I Thomas Little, who officiated on the occasion, joined their hands and said, "Now you are matn and wife," after wlti?h she signed a paper. She did not know anything about Little, except that he was " a short, stout man, and wore breecobeo •and, gaiters." -There 'were < no prayers," hbut: hoe chharged live guineas. IIe had also evidently a Caledonian and a fatherly eye for a further gratuity, for" he wanted his son to play the bagpipes." The young lady thenceforth lived with her husband as his wife, but her father was. "fidgetty,"' and in a little more than two years shie went through a second ceremony of Marriage in England, and in the usual wsay, In the Interval between the two rites-if the Gretna Green affair can be called a site-a son was born, and the question that came before the Court on Saturday was as to the legitimacy of that son. lIe, therforeo, applied to the Court to declare bis mother's first marriage valid, and his Lordnlship issued a decree accordingly. So after 43 years the " married rites"performed by "a short stout man, in breeches and gaiters,'! the absence of prayers, and the silence of the bagpipes are supplemented by the formal decree of an lEnglish .Judge, and the ghobt of old Gretna Green returned by the Scoteh express to his "' remote, unfrtended, me?ln cholyg slow" little village, . no' londger enlivened by postboya' horns or conjugating blacksmiths. , The romanse that surrounded Gretna Green at one time was partly based on something like superstition. ' It was be lieved to be a legalised phco 'for runaway marriaese, and In the eyes of flurried brides the "blacksmith" was. a kind of authorised official. The fact simply was that Gretna Green was the first village li' Scotland by the Great North road ; the blacksmih's house was "handy,' and like all village forges offered an open and unarm welcome. It was not really needed, for the young couple after crossing the Border could have taken tile postboy to witness they wero man and wife, and it would have been as good a Scotch marriage as that performed by the blacksmith for five guineans, and would have required neither ring, certifcate, nor oIg. pipes. The essence of tihe Scotch mnariage was-and, in fact, is-that tile Intention of two persons to get married is the main thing. That inteution may he proved in, many ways-by the evidence of bystanders who heard it expressnd, by a letter, by a few words In a book given " to my wife," by habit and repute, or by other means, The blacksmith was simply a well-known person who could be fotnd when wanted, who kept a registar of thie marriages ihe witnessed, and before wahon the - marriage could be ,more or less publicly performed, On the other hand, It must be noted tIat the mere utterance of a declaration of miarriage by both parties will not, according to Scotch law, make a marriage unless the parties mean it to be a contramct. For Instance, it is sometimes said that If two young' people of opposite sexes stand up in Scotland, and for.fun, go-through a mock marriage, they will find themselves really united. This is not the fact. It has also been heold by the Scotch'Coutts that two persons forced to shelter themselves in a remote ilotel, and calling themselves husband and wife, merely to obtain a room for the night, are not aarried by Scotch law unless they showed by their subsequent conduct that they lnemta to be married. This principle of the Scotch law was adopted by an English Court a few years ago. A young ieiress got soalellow under the Influence of a young caon in society, who Imu loe lo to her, bor rowed money from hies, anlld Irvled her ini the toils of the uoneay-lenders. IHe then brought such pressure to bear on her that he forced her mentally, if not phtyslcally, to meet blilt at a registry olfce, and go thtrough the bare form of the aecessary words. She left hhi Im?uedlately after this " lunadvised and nulclltn" contract, nitl ifl rf toict conll sider herself hLla wife. Finally, by the advice of her mnother, she sought the dkso liluit of the contraclt. Shle admittlllld thIat she said tile words aeld eiglnedl the book, but declared tlsht shle no Ibeuse she bcllevrI' thalt hte woultd thusi clear Ihim dttti hIerouIf of dlets I she did unt iniltin it lie Ila wIlfi. Fortunatcly for thet fOtollhl girl the Colrt niircfully releastd her, ntaking ttit Stilichi view thatt it inrlll ng intt uLtiol 1h averry tlllgl, a d forms oI n III mIlplll tlllltl'n . TIle ason on tnatiruhy titil oi wie k lot- in, I t t, ans thire was ili ci ter tpiltlu ilhtiln I tI le delhlaintltll of vallidlly. iti wa unt prisCed. Isi. (lOdhlner's lhotl Itmriiiage was I.erfi'ctly talhlt , anc-or~i thig Itil lI, i it?f ."O nttlnl Itt 1i of ],tnglhnit at thin It t hiit the eunlituilululnt -tl'ltlllmny, tlaiugh IIII l , li I ni uth to us n-l Lr sniec doubly ease, reainly threw ti ltulblt uIpift It. 'Thls i whlmt upaitt Mnh. YXt'v .tn'c wlichrl ti uttlls,. -t, wlt itntIIII il- t MliIIIJii w ilt I bu il i nl t wa a tlilnllltu (t lath lhli, nnd w ltlll Rll sir W llie t tI i IlrIth lltl h hIItIf .' lt U t to Illatrr hle Sgllhn bef,|'tolre a pilil'st ; no tlle'y were Iniarlhd hi a IInI- luntlt) -iIuhanl.l, Il'IH tlhe'ln Wltu a hIn y ricIrh, IfI.rsL nod v lkidly neeirdlng to JItiilli lawi , nlllld nt- tlllIly Iy i prlel if hcer Iwot ChtIIIIvi tIihlh dell. YIu t ioe was ilol it eeal, tlVr illa cllliittel of Major Yelverton contended that the Sootcll coupling was not considered or intended by them as a real marriage, elsen they would never have got married on Irish soil, so that legally, they niust be considered as persons who had lived together as maln ndt wife in Scotland, liand then gut arried in Ireland. That. was so decided by the Houseo of Lords. But then was not the Irish marringo good ? No, for Major Yel verton's lawyer's discovered nll old Irish Act of Parliament making invalid any malr rlage performed by a priest alone between Protestant and a Cathollc, and Major Yel verton was nominally a Protestant. Thus this unlucky twite " married" lady was declared not married at ail.l Mrs. Gardlner on Saturday was more fortunate. Gretna Greenl was said to be okilled" by the Act of 1856, and Ias a pllace where elope ments were legalised no doubt its glories have deparled. The legality of Scotch marriages, however, still survives. Any person residing In Scotland three weeks call get married after the informal Scotch manner, and the marriage will hoald good. In fact, elopements might still be coaduc:ed in a circuitous fashion. Tlhe gentleman could go first, reside at Gretna Green for three weeks, then be jollied by his bride, and marry her on the spot. Other things, how. over, have put an end to this forts of romantic marriages. In the days of posting lovers had every advantage. The young gentleman could arrange beforehand for relays of .horses ; the .plrsurhg:sit 'edouil' not"do so, not knowing the date of thile pre parations for flight. Thlen it was said that the innkeeper and postboys at lays favoured the fugitives. If the fathers generally over took the runaways it would have beel had for trade ; therefore tile old gentleman did not alwa) s secure the freshest or best steeds, and it was surprising how oftenu iis post boys fonlld a liuchllni loose. Again and again was the rattle of tie pursuer's coiach heard when the knot was tied-but not unlti then. Nowan.days there are no coaches, but express trains and the telegraph could anticipate the lovers, a0n1 possibly secure delay, if not detention. Also marriages in England have been made so easy that there are Gretlna Greens at our very doors. Three weeks' notice to a registrar, and a quarter of an hoursL absence from hotme, will bring alrout a marriago without ally one being thCe wiser-a?hov all, not tie man and woman who are wed. In London and large cities also the calling of tinns at a parish church is very tusutlllcent publicity when so many families attend favourite preachers lsewlhero, and may never hear that their .Mary or Ethel or Constance is about to marry in three weeks "Ithat" impecuntous young Itroaw. Thus Gretna Green still virlually lingers with us, Magnetle attraction or something else forces young girls, otherwise iltelligent~attractive, and even intellectual, to If all the love of their young hearts on the wrong man Fathers threaten, mothers weep, brothers c?ll him, or prove him to be, everything that is unsultable, or even bad sihe will not listen, or refuses to believe, One day the street-door is opelh, and she leaves her father's house to ix her own destiny-per. laps to love him always in spite of all his faults or even vices, or to repent ?oce-- andd that for life. So Gretna Green, or wicst it once signified, lives for ever in human hearts.-3,0th May, 188. 