Story Column. THE DEATH SHIP, A STRANGE STORY. AN ACCOUNT OF A CRUISE IN THE FLYING DUTCHMAN, COLLECTED FROM THE PAPERS OF THE LATE MR. GEOFFREY FENTON, OF POPLAR, MASTER MARINER. BY W. CLARK RUSSELL, Author of 'The Wreck of the Grosvenor,' 'The Golden Hope,' &c.;, &c.; [All Queensland Rights Reserved.] SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. Chapters I. to V.— The narrator of the story is Geoffry Fenton, from whose papers it is col- lected. He tells how he sails as second mate in the Saracen, under Captain Skevington. They 'speak' the Lovely Nancy, near the Equator, and the captain, Samuel Bullock, of Rotherhithe, tells Captain Skevington of having seen the Phantom Ship, which seemed to be under the command of a tall man with a great beard, and dug up resumed his death bed aspect. He warns him against the ship as a spectre to be shunned. Chapters V. to VIII.— Ab tho Saracen up pronches Tablo Env, Captain SkevinRton spc-iks to Fcnton in a depressed, superstitious way of ? the Phantom Ship, nnd fears that they will meet ?Jicr. After encountering: some rough weather, , during which tho carpenter breaks his log, Fenton has aconversation with him as to the phenomenon, and as to speakinRto tho lovely Nancy which had seen tho flying Dutchman. The carpenter is greatly unnerved by tho narration, and says ' I never yet knew or heard of a ship reporting to another oi having met tno Dutchman -witnout tie othermeetiiig tho ghost too afore sho'a enilotl lier voynpro.' Next day tho crew are horrified by . the foot that Captain Skcvington is found in his cabin with his brains blown out, having evidently in a moment of delirium shot himself. CHAPTER IX.--MR. HALL HARANGUES THE CREW. The news had spread quickly; the watch below had roused out, and most of the men were on deck, and they moved about in groups striving to find out all about the suicide. Presently Mr. Hall arrived on deck, fully dressed, and stepping over to where I stood in deep thought, exclaimed:-- "Did you have a suspicion that the captain designed this fearful act?" "No, not a shadow of a suspicion," I answered. "'Tis enough to make one believe he was not far out when he talked of the ill-luck he expected from speaking a craft that had sighted Vanderdecken," said he, very uneasily, which made me see how strong was the blow his nerves had received; and running his eyes restlessly over the water here and there, as I might tell by the dim sparkle the faint moon haze kindled in them, "Oh, but," he continued, as if dashing aside his fancies, "the mere circumstance of his being so superstitious ought to explain the act. I have often thought there was a vein of madness in him." "I never questioned that," I replied. "'Tis an ugly-looking night," said he with a little tremble running through him; "there is some menace of foul weather. We shall lose this faint air presently." He shivered again and said, "Such a sight as that below is enough to make a Hell of a night of midsummer beauty? It is the suddenness of it that seizes upon the imagination! Why, d'ye know, Fenton, I'd give a handful of guineas poor as I am, for a rousing gale — anything to blow my mind to its bearings, for here's a sort of business," looking aloft, "that't fit to suffocate the heart in your breast." Such words, in so plain and literal a man, made me perceive how violently he had been wrenched. I begged his leave to go below and fetch him a glass of liquor. "No, no," said he, "not yet, anyhow. I must speak to those fellows there." Saying which he walked a little distance for- ward, calling for the boatswain. On that officer answering, he said, "Are all hands on deck?" "I believe most of the crew are on deck, sir," replied the boatswain. "Pipe all hands," said Mr. Hall. The clear keen whistling rose shrill to the sails, and made as blythe a sound as could have been devised for the cheering of us up. The men gathered quickly, some lanthorns were fetched, and in the light of them stood the crew near to the roundhouse. Mr. Hall made a brief speech. He explained to the men how on hearing the report of a musket he had sprung from his bed, and per- ceiving powder smoke leading through the openings of the door of the captain's cabin, through which some rays of light streamed, he entered, and seeing the body of the captain and the horrid condition of the head, was filled with a panic, and rushed on deck. That the master had shot himself was certain, but there was no help for what had happened. The command of the ship fell upon him. But it was for them to say whether he should navigate the ship to her destination, or carry her back to Table Bay, where a fresh com- mander could be obtained. He was very well liked on board, being an excellent seaman; and the crew, on hearing this, immediately answered that they wanted no better master to sail under than he, and that, indeed, they would not consent to a change; but having said this with an hearti- ness that pleased me, for I liked Mr. Hall greatly myself, and was extremely glad to find the crew so well disposed, they fell into an awkward silence, broken after a little by some hoarse whisperings. "What now?" says Mr. Hall. "Why, sir," answers the boatswain, respect- fully, "it's this with the men, there's a notion among us that that there Plymouth snow has brought ill luck to the ship, one bad specimen of which has just happened; and the feeling is that we had better return to Table Bay, so as to get the influence worked out of the old barkey." "How is that to be done done?" says Mr. Hall, coming easily into the matter, partly because of his shaken nerves, and partly be- cause of the kindness he felt towards the hands for the way they had received his address to them. Here there was another pause, and then the boatswain, speaking somewhat shyly, said: "The carpenter, who's heard tell more about the Phantom Ship and the spell she lays on vessels than all hands of us put together, says that the only way to work out of a ship's timbers the ill-luck that's been put into them by what's magical and hellish, is for a minister of religion to come aboard, call all hands to prayer, and ask of the Lord a blessing on the ship. He says there's no other way of purifying of her." "Can't we pray ourselves for a blessing?" says Mr. Hall. The boatswain not quickly answering, a sailor says, "It needs a man who knows how to pray — who's acquainted with the right sort of words to use." "Aye," cried another, "and whose calling is religion." Mr. Hall half-turned, as if he would address me, then checking himself, he said, "Well, my lads, there's no wind now, and small promise of any. Suppose we let this matter rest till to-morrow morning; Mr. Fenton and I will talk it over, and you forward can turn it about in your minds. I believe we shall be easier when the captain's buried and the sun's up, and then we might agree it would be a pity to put back after the tough job we've had to get where we are. But lest you should still be all of one mind on this matter in the morning, we'll keep the ship, should wind come, under small sail, so as to make no headway worth speaking of during the night. Is that to your fancy, men?" They all said it was, and thereupon went forward, but I noticed that those who were off duty did not offer to go below; they joined the watch on the forecastle, and I could hear them in earnest talk, their voices trembling through the stillness like the humming of a congrega- tion in church following the parson's reading. Mr. Hall came to my side and we walked the deck. "I am sorry the men have got the notion of this ship being under a spell," said he. "This is no sweet time of the year in these seas; to put back will, I dare say, be only to anger the weather that's now quiet enough, and there's always the risk of falling into Dutch hands." I told him of my talk with the carpenter, and said that I could not be surprised the crew were alarmed, for the old fellow had the devil's own knack of putting his fancies in an alarm- ing way. "I laughed off some of his fancies," said I, "but I don't mind owning that I quitted his cabin so dulled in my spirits by his talk, that I might have come from a death-bed for all the heart there was in me." "Well, things must take their chance," said Mr Hall. "I'll speak to the carpenter myself in the morning, and afterwards to the men; and if they are still wishful that the ship should return to Table Bay, we'll sail her there. 'Tis all one to me. I'd liefer have a new cap- tain over me than be one." We continued until five bells to walk to and fro the deck, talking about the captain's suicide, the strangeness of it as following his belief that ill luck had come to the ship from the Ply- mouth vessel, with other such matters as would be suggested by our situation and the tragedy in the cabin; and Mr. Hall then said he would go below for a glass of rum; but he refused to lie down, though I offered to stand an hour of his watch, that is from midnight till 1 o'clock, for he said he should not be able to sleep. Most of the crew continued to hang about the forecastle which rescued the deck from the extreme loneliness I had found in it, 'ere the report of the fatal musket started all hands into wakefulness and movement. The lanterns had been carried away and the ship was plunged in darkness. There still blew a very light air, so gentle indeed that you needed to wet your finger and hold it up to feel it. From the darkness aloft fell the delicate sounds of the higher canvas softly drumming the masts to the very slight rolling of the ship. I went to the binnacle and found that the vessel was heading her course, and then stepped to the rail, upon which I set my elbows, leaning my chin in my hands, and in that posture fell athinking. [To be Continued To-morrow.] 