THE PHILOSOPHY. OF THE SINGLE TAN. By J. Farrei.Ii. No. V. THE HUAIBUG OF PROTECTION. I write down the above heading with parti cular satisfaction as a incaanre of reparation for having once believed in and advocated the barbarous, selfish, and dishonest principle of trade restriction. This is one of the many plana for social betterment which Is offered to the world, and it is essential to the purpose of theso papers that it should be closely examined ; therefore I will place it upon the dissecting board. Tho idea of preventing a frco inter change of commodities between different countries as a means of increasing the well- being of such countries, or of any ono of them, monstrous as it 19, is presented seduc tively enough, It is an apple of Sodom, but never did honest pippin look so rich or carry such allurement with it. Re striction of exchange, as a proposal of reform or advancement could only come from economic ignoranco or conscienceless self- interest, and only by these could find accept ance. I am prepared to admit the honesty, the patriotism, and the complete disinterested ness of many of those who, here and elsewhere, fight strenuously for the imposition, con tinuance, or increase of protective duties. I only claim that theso qualities are not allied in them with such au understanding of the principles which govern production and exchange as alone can enable men to reach true conclusions. I admit that the great majority of those who are ranged on the protective side in New South Wales, earnestly bolievo in the cause they uphold, and only desire the greatest general good. That there are those, both among the rank and 'file and among their leaders who understand principles well enough to fully realise the sham and worthleBBueBs of tho pro tective idoa, yot preach it for the furtherance of their own particular ends is also probably true. It is a common thing to 'hear the averago protectionist, himself unable to justify the faith that is ia him with reasons deduced from analysis, fall back upon the allegation that others can do so, or have done so. He refers you to the United States or to Victoria as two countries which, having an intelligent voting power and a more educated and prosperous de mocracy than can be found outside Australia in tho world, maintain protection and have thriven under it. Boforo going into this ques tion any further I may as well admit that I think these two countries, which aro taken as the great examples of what ma/ bo done by tariiF-fighting to build up prosperity, are, in the respects named well ahead, especially the latter. In the United States thg voting power has been enor mously and palpably vitiated of late by whole sale importations of the cheapest labor to be obtained in protected European countries, in voiced by highly protected and highly patriotic American manufacturers of the Carnegie stamp. It is a notable fact, a fact commented upon and deplored by American newspapers from tho eastern to tho western shores of tho republic, that latterly tbo American workman has almost entirely disappeared from many branches of in dustry. His place haB been given to the Aus trian, tho Ituliau, the Hungarian, tbo Bclgiau and tho German, who, finding that no indus trial paradiso came with the feet of protection iu their owu countries have sadly enough gono across iu the character of pauper labor to com pete with him. But iu our sister colony no such influeucc has been at work. The wide expanse of sea which lies between Australia and the cxtrewo low-wage countries of Europe h.19 effectually prohibited thu inilux of impoverished immigrants from such sources. The general standard of intelligence in Victoria is high, as it ought to be. Never was such a premium offered, never such a prize held out for tho strongest and the moat enterprising by any coun. try of modcrnitimca. The magnificent gold dis-. covery that in the years of one decade taught the names of Ballarat aud Bendigo to tongues strange to the English language, all over the earth, was a challenge to the world's host, and just the sort of challenge they were sure to accept. From all quartors poured the mos adventurous and ardent spirits to compcto with each other for fortune, nud these and their descendants are the Victorians of to-day. Those 10 years brought to Victoria an in calculable gain in- the best manhood the world could send, and gave her a very marked advantage over the more sluggish popu lations of the other colonies. The discoveries of tho gold epoch brought to her from New South Wales even, the very class of young men who so persistcutly leave bcr borders now and find their way here and elsewhere. Granting all tho advantages claimed, granting alertness and intelligence ou the part of the Victorian aud tho American, there Is still no reason to suppose that iu cither place the fiscal policy uns oeen iuouiuca uy a gcuurui perception or economic truth. There is every reason to think otherwise. To realise how little the trne rules by which to build up enduring and equitable laws are understood by tho people generally any- whero it is only necessary to listen to tho representative utterances of their accepted aud trusted leaders. The parliamentarians, who look but to a lifo of administration sweetened with somo rewards of office, dare not, any of them, shed all jugglery nud unworthi- ncss and staud upon principle alone. Sir Samuel Griffith at bis study desk, paticutly and con scientiously searching out the relation between wealth and want, is not tho man they vote for at tho polls. That Sir Samuel must bo u party leader with all the pitiful liabilities snch a title nvolvcs. Tt cau hurdly bo that Gladstone is not tboronghlj ashamed of the hedging and shuffling, the shelving of true issues to make way for false, and tho accepting of crumbs instead of whole loaves which make up practical politics. So many questions arise for answer at gcuerai elections, although only one may be written before all eyes ou tho blackboard, that tho answers may be given to what different eyes discern between the lines. It is always diffi cult to conjecture how far the apparent issue is tho real ono, and tho judgment of voters who may havo formed a correct opiuiun on fiscal matters is too often clouded by pasiiou or sen timent, which are the powers set in active motion by tho professional politician at elec tion timos. In tho Uuitcd States, especially, this is tho case, and I have no hesitation in saying of tho last Presidential election, even though, ns far as tho issue was raised, a'sub- ntnutial majority of votos was then counted for frootrudo, that tho tactics pursued, aud a great deal of the literature of both sideB, werodiagrace- ful to a degreo uubelioveablc. During tho proerrcss of that groat coutest I looked through hundreds of columns of viru- lent party pleading, gross misrepresentation) reckloss charge and poisonous iuueudo. These wore the wenpous used by papers having a groat circulation and naturally a considerable influence upon tho public mind. The memory of ovorythiug calculated to influmo tho Ameri can people against England was kopt very green by Republican journals ; all tho bitter ness that the paHt has left rankling in Irish brea9ta against English rule was stirred to its depths. Out of their graves all the fhates and distrusts that over carao between North and 8outh were dug up and their ragged ghosts paraded as living and terrible thiugs. All this you could got in the Amorican papers, ad nauseamt but ouly here and there any ray of authentic light upon the fiscal controversy. Just tho samo clutter of contradictory tongues and the same bandying of contradictory statis tics not " uuderstanded of tho people;" just tho same diligout dragging iu of foreign issues, as here, by tho machine politicians. Craft plnyiug upon ignorance; real love of country aud kind not knowing what war to turn amid all the noiso and bewilderment. The verdict bo delivered, whatever it may bo, is not safely to bo ucccpted as a precedent. From tho lips of Victoria the verdict is no more weighty. Moreover, it is not very unani mous, aud their manner has not that repose which iudicates a pronouueed success. Not thoro moro than anywhero else has tho acceptance of a protective tariff resulted from any clear understanding of what was under the apple-skin. Tho outs, hungry to become the ,ius, held the thing up and said it was genuine, aud then talked about something else all the time, and by and by the people began to believe them. There was uo analysing dono though, and they begin to bo not so sure about ii now. Tho 6aifisbncss of each class is what wus appealed to ; from that, not from reason, the answer was taken. Tho great muss, of iutelligeut as they may be in Victoria, aro not only not interested' Iu abstract principles but incapable of compre hending them, or detecting the similar incapa bility of those whom thoy choose as lawmakers. So when a farmer is told that the keeping out of the colony of the grain of other farmers will enable bira to command a monopoly price for what he produces, it looks very like tho truth, and he has no occasion to trouble about abstract principles. The plottgbmaker, the woollen-manufacturer and others look at It in 311st tho same light. They see that if foreigners arc not allowed to enter tho market to sell tho particular goods which they bring they will reap greater gains. They do not see that if the same principle is applied to all classes of manufacture they will be loft no better off than before, after paying a good deal away in order to get there. And no one tells them tbnt if the same principlo is not applied to other manufacturers they have been placed nt a distinct and unjust advantage over these others by a subsidy from the general purse. What is told to each class whoso votes are warned is that that particular class is going to gain, and with it, somehow, the whole community. " The plough and the money too " are to be kept in tho country. Tho inevitable result of tbo adoption of a policy which throttlea trade, and, in doiog so, checks produc tion and places burdens greviouB to be borne upon the weakest backs, however, is beginning to be manifest in the cries for subsidies to those branches of industry which have so far beon left out of the protected circle. There is also a pretty incessant demand for more protection lest thoy perish from what were tho infant indus tries of 20 years ago, and still atand, hat in hand, pleading minority and begging pence from the public. On the whole, I don't think anyone who wants to find out what is the true policy for any people to pursue, need be deterred from inquiry by the example of any country what ever. "It is au awful fact," said Air. John Aforley recently, speaking at Newcastle-on- Tyue, " that In this country, with all its wealth, all its vast resources, all its power, 45 per cent, —that is to Bay, nearly one-half — of the persons who reach the age of GO nre, or bavo been, paupers. I say that it is a most tremondous fact, and I cannot conceive any subjoct more worthy of tho attention of the Legislature- more worthy the attention of us all." I think it very probable that he couldn't. But, a few months ago, I read appalling accouote of destitution in New York, Philadelphia and Chicago, in the latter of which cities a leading local paper said there were no fewer than 25,000 persons sap- ported by charity and in the direst distress. Unless papers like the New York Herald and World and Times lie deliberately and early and often, and unless truth inhabits only tho "orations" of Bome of our local protec tionists, things aro not very prosperous in the States just now, save in the liae .of strikes, lockouts and closings np, nor are wages very high. Iu the Sydney Morning Jlerald's letter from its New York correspondent a couple of months ago reference was made to a strike which was won by tho strikers— an event so unusual in tho United States as to be well worthy of mention. Not only that, but tho strikers were said to have secured a wage— it was in somo special branch of skilled labor— the exact amount of which I forget, but which was far higher than any wage to bo obtained in the same work here. At the public meetings in connection with the lato Protectionist Conference, I heard several of the speakers dwelling at considerable length npon this magnificent proof of the pro sperity of tho American workingman. They chewed it over . and orer and exulted ; they revelled and wallowed in the fact that the American worker gets an all-round wage such as his Australian brother could never dream of getting, and thoy asked with scorn how the calico contingent felt and what Puliford was going to do about it. The spirit of dead Richard Cobden was flouted with this result, and the burden of the whole chapter was " Hail Columbia !" The wage referred to was manifestly misquoted, for such a wage or any thing approaching it would have drawn to the States the competition of the same class of labor from the very north and south poles, if any existed there. It was a bonanza in the way of wages> but the " Australian national" speakers spoke a9 if it wero just tbo ordinary thing in the States. It is not the ordinary thing though. The United States Labor Commissions Report up to 188G— since which timo I have not heard it claimed that wages have increased— supplies tho following information Kansas (page 28), average earnings, £1 5s Gd per week ; highest in any trade, £2 per week ; Michigan (page 141), average, taken from 549 persons, representing many different occupations, Gs 7d per day ; Pennsylvania (page 111), highest skilled labor 8s per day, ordinary labor, oa 8d per day ; New Jersey (page 170), skilled miners, 4s 8d to Gs, ordinary labor 4 to 5s. Average wages : Taking all States, and skilled and unskilled Ktuui, tuu 10 -in iu put u«iy \pagc Ull j. Tho hours of labor are thus touched upon : — lCaoRas (page 827), tramdriven, 15 hours ; bakers, 14 hourB (Sundays included) ; laborers, 12 hours. Connecticut: Of G5,G27 hands, 5 per cent, work 54 hours per week ; 22£, from 55 to 59 hours; G per cent., GO hours and over; 20,000 of these are women and children, and 78 per cent, of the women and 89 per cent, of the children work GO hours and over por week (page 15). Pennsylvania : Contract, miners (class highest wages, 8s per day, referred to), work 12 to 14 hours, and have to pay dockago, light, &c.;, out of this (pago 128). Prob ably this is all rubbish, for our travelling protectionists did not observe anything of that kind during their visits to America, and the United States Labor Commission may not know anything about it. But thoy go on all tho same and tell (page 259) that ono person in five (exclusive of tramps) is always out of work; they tell of factory rule where 10 days' notice before leaving must be given by the employ, who may be dismissed without notice (page 13G). They babble (page 21) of the Foreign Contract Law being continually evaded, the workman's fear of black-listing preventing exposure, and of tho Truck Law being con tinually broken for the same reason. They point out that tho legislation against children under 12 years of age working more than 10 hours a day breaks dou>nt been use without the wages of children families could not be supported (page 112). They tell of placards in factories offer- iug $10 reward for information of any workman joining a trndo union. They conclude by de ciding that thero ia a decrease of wages in many trades, accompauied by an increased number of hours of work, grantor uncertainty of em ployment, more iutensc application inado neces sary, and nogaiu to labor in any direction. AU this must be falsehood— or something must. But I have candidly nduitted tho East End of London aird all Cradley Heath, aud it is only fair to have some trans-Atlantic illustra tions. There is no reason that I know of why tho United States Labor Commision should paint things so black for their own country if they could truthfully do otherwise, and I can fiud abundant corroboration of their version. In February last, for instance, there was a particularly interesting striko among the Now York aud Brooklyn car- drivers, who, liko tbo luxurious and idlo dogs thoy probably are, naked for moro tnonoy or less work. They an nounced, in their exaggerated American manner, that they "were starved and slaved to death and would sooner bo in hell than suffer moro of it." This, however, was one of tho strikes which the strikers did not win, and Alaster- VYorkman Powderloy, tho John Burns of American organised labor, writing in tho official Journal of United Labor said tho reason why they did not was that "within 24 hours after tho strike was inaugurated 20,000 men wero seeking for an opportunity to take the strikers' places, and there woro thousands more us anxious for tho work but too xnauly to seek it to the detriment of their fellows." Perhaps Powderley is mistaken altogether. Of course he wus on the ground at the timo, but one who is too close may not be able to seo all thut is going on. Something very much better in the way of geucral condition than ha9 ever yet existed here, or in England, or iu Victoria, or in America should be possible — mii9l bo possible. And none of tho beaten paths will lead to it. It is no moro honest in the protectionist to attempt to stuff dowu incredulous throats tho pros, pcrity and happiness of the American workman than it is iu the freetrader to exult into contentment aud approximate comfort the English wage-earner. And lifo is net so much more unclouded iu any one Aus tralian colony than in any other as to show a difference that can bo generally agreed upou. .Thero could hardlv be better jroof that no system of fiscal government yet tried has . been of much avail than continual dispute as to which is bust. It commonly happens when two of the inhabitants of this great colony meet in a publichouse and one speaks of the liquor which is the motif of their mooting, as being bad the other reproves him by saying that there is no such thing as bad liquor, but only good and better. So, inveriely, there is no such thing as a good fiscal system— only bad and worse. Freetrado is bad because it is not what it pro fesses to bo ; protection is worse because it moves in an entirely opposite direction to freedom and civilisation. Revenuertariffisin masqaerad- ing in the garb of freetrade moves at least in the direction of truth ; protection sets its face the othor way, as I hope to show any reasonable inquirer who will go into the ethics of this subject with me and examine it as a student, methodically aud without heat or prejudice. I promise not to be betrayed into the use of statistic, which are seldom honestly used or in themselves absolutely sure and faultless. And I will not once introduce tho bonny blue flag or refer to New South Wales as sunny nor invoke anyone to " arise, ye patriots." I shall not rely upon th kangaroo and emu to pull me out of a tight economic corner, nor shall I cover up any difficult issue with gum leaves. In the investigation of this supremely important question it is not necessary to bring forward tho fauna or flora of New South Wales, and I will neither depend for effect upon banting, like Mr. Schey, nor upon bunkum, like Air. Buchanan. 