2N YATAX.A LABOR PRISON, T (BY NOMAD.) No. IV. A glanoe at the old " original" gaol, and the queer galvanized-iron, two storey structure, with rusty roof, that onee did duty as quarters and office for everybody connected with " the stock ade. (There was a genuine stockade around those buildings once,) A look at the stables, and we come round the baok Of the prison to the gas house, Yatala makes its own gas, but all the coke pro duced from the retorted coal is used up M fuel in the process of retorting-rather an expensive system of lighkproviding, pro would imagine, buteoitis, and the tar whioh is produced ia all used in the prison. There ace five retorts-^long eydindera of fire proof clay, and two $riio&«rs are engaged is coaling up 116 eater the gas-house. It ia hot and dirty work, but does not last long, but then the ooke has to be raked out of the retorts as soon as the cessation of bub bling sounds shows that the tar and gas have been expelled from the coal. The glowing coke, as it lies on the floor, is quenched speedily by buckets of water, aiidin the prisoner who performs this tfok I recognised Henry Richardson, whose hard case ia too well and widely known to need further reference. He looks very miserable and wretched, and attempts to oall up the ghost of a'smile 6b he meets my eye. Three o'clock strikes - " amoko " signal. Richardson pulls out his pipe and with an effort proceeds to fill it. "I supposel must not &8k you, Hiohardson, how this life works." He smiles feebly, and the guard promptly interposed. "No. Visitors must not speak to prisoners." I recog nise the ioroe of the regulation and turned away, leaving Richardson busy shovelling coke. No need to ask, with the French judge, in this case, " Who ia she P" The petition for commutation of Richardson's sentence has been very extensively Bigned in the North, where, to use an Irishism, the women are lor him to a man. Seven years is un doubtedly a hard sentence; but then JJeatb, who blew MaoKinpon's brains out at the Daly River Plantation a few years ago, on his wife confessing to hiiu that MacKinnon had seduoed her, y?&g; sentenced to 20 years, and the sentence was commuted to twelve months. This oompleted the round of the gaol ex cept the "solitary " colls, whioh are by themselves iu the court-yard, eaoh having J a iittla yard of its own completely sa~ | eluded from the rgafc of the prison world. The "dark cells" are underneath, and though they ar-e effectively subjugating expedients, the sooner that absolute style of punishment is abandoned the batter. !Jhere is nothing noteworthy in the court toom, where the visiting justices hear oases against prisoners and pass eentenoe aooording to the evidence J but one ica brtant place has escaped notice-the brary, The head guard kindly hnnts up the librarian, and the room is opened. It oontaina about 700 volumes, a very miscellaneous lot, including a consider able number of bound magazines. The volumes are neatly covered with brown paper and labelled in bold legible char acters " Yatala .Labor Prison Library." Boohs are sometimes Bent to prisoners by their Mends, and after perusal by the owners go into the library, which is very popular with the prisoners, almost every one of whom takes out a book weekly even the niggers and those who cannot read takeout a magazine with "pictures " in it. The prisoner gets his book on a certain day, it remains in his cell, and When the weak ia up ha writes on his state the name of one or two books whioh he would like to read; the librarian goes the round of the cells, removes the old boohs, and supplies the new as far as he oaii. Complete editions of Dickens, TbaOaaruy, &ud; Lytton would bo a boon to the library, though there ate odd volumes oi these authors iu the catalogue. The librarian, a prisoner whose laoe seemed familiap, though I could not plaoe it, wore a beard, which was full and grizzled, and his bald head and pale features also tended to remove the con Viot aspect from hiia, and his voice when he spoke was that of an educated man. He remarked that the poets were but poorly represented in the library, and that poetry was in much re quest among the prisoners, a hint 1 have much pleasure in passing on to the publio, for those with well-filled poetio ahelvea should have hearts that feel for the "poor prisoners." The librkiry should be replenished somehow or other; an estimates vote would probably be rattier difficult to pass; so that perhaps public liberality might beat be trusted to supply preaant literary wants, and donora need not fear to duplioate Volumes, they will be useful, A remark "about Shakapeare and the drama elicited a queer aort of laugh from the Librarian ; the Stage used to be a familiar theme With him; what beautiful " copy " he wrote, and what slashing dramatio notices he used to give, It was five years siuoe I had last seen him, and life had been eventful with him in the interim. He waa Godfrey Egremont, looking pale and ytQtn, and notwithstanding bis light work, feeble and aioklv. Now bb: to Yatala as a whole; it may be an economical prison when it is full, but 28 guards for about 160 prisoners is rather a big percentage, and aa the men work outside the walls and the present rarda have twelve hours a day on duty, does not seem possible to work the prison with less. Tha system seama to ion as regularly as a chronometer, and to be characterized by both f&irneaa; and steadiness of diseipline towards the oonviots; but the system is not a perfect one, and there appearB to be no earthly reason why it should not be perfected, and made more useful, and at the same time self-supporting. The inoonie derived from the sale of stone and broken metal from the Yatala quarries cannot bear any fair proportion to the coat of the estab lishment ; quarry working is not an in dustrial education to the convict, and when he comes out of gaol he is no better fitted' for earning hia bread than when, he went in; there is not even a schoolmaster in the gaol, so that a pri soner who goes in unable to read, comes Out in the same state. If the end of punishment be reformation, imprison ment should be so adapted as to improve the convict's usefulness as a working member of sooiety. He might be taught ft trade, and at the same time defray the expenses of his detention and punish ment. Almost anywhere in the world a man oan; earn sufficient to support three lives j but the convict does not support himself while in gaol, and his wife and children (if ha haB any) are probably drawing destitute rations all the time he la there. By adopting an industrial sys tem in our labor prisons, by teaching and training the oonviot, and at the same time making him earn the oost, the State would be benefited financially, .the oonviot himself would be greatly im proved, and society would derive aa van tage for the conversion of & criminal into VMT artisan. There is only one objection thqt I oan aea to the initiation of this ?yatera; and that ia the probable howl !fradea Unions would raise against oheap prison labor; but common sense and Justice should surely prevail against even the loudest and most persistent of snoh howls ; Parliament is not under the feet of the proletariat yet. Yatala seems to be ''Very nearly a model prison, on the present hard labor " system, and cannot well } be ;Snuch improved on without a radioal -jit^ffttion of the system. It would be well, however, to provide a sohoolmaater and tet aside some hours for elementary in struction to those who requite it j a club room for the guards, with newspaper, &o.;, might be provided, There is plenty of room in the gaol for auoh accommoda* tion, but there is nothing of the sort at present, and the life of a guard is a little less monotonous and tame than that of . the prisoner himself. They are a very ' jjioe lot of moo, and theft «&aa;« Qf speaking to and dealing with prisoners i8 highly commendable; good feeling seems to prevail among them, and they deserve that some tiieans of developing sociality and camaraderie among them when off duty should bo provided. Still, nest to being a prisoner the most un comfortable fate that could befall me, I think, would be to serve aa a guard in Yatala. 