CHAPTER XXXVII. LADY CKCILTA’S CKI.MB, It was late in May, and Lord Strath" spoy had been lying ill at “ The Firs ’ for a couple of weeks. Ilis malady was brain-fever, of a most aggravated type, and the medical men would not sutler him to be moved. Moreover, Lady Drummond would not agree to it. lie was one of her oldest friends, and she felt it a privilege to be able to administer to his wants, poor, wifeless man that he The earl was very ill, and in imminent danger of death. The grave doctors warned Lady Neville that sho must bo prepared for the worst. She and Lady Pearl were permanently established as “The Firs," until tho crisis of the di sease should be over. Sir Bayard Brompton had returned to London, and Lord Angus lived in solitary state at the Towers, riding over to Lady Drummond's every day, to learn how his father was progressing. At last there came a night when the final crisis was at hand. The peer lay like a ghost upon his pillows, his breath coming in panting gasps, and the doctors, with grave faces, surrounded him. Lady Neville was on her knees in her own chamber, and poor little Pearl bad sob bed herself into a troubled sleep ; but Lady Cecilia Drummond never left the sick man’s pillow. She stood and watched him with a kind of fascinated horror, counting each gasping breath, her hands locked, her white teeth set, her black eyes glittering. It was her work, and yet at that moment she would freely have given the soul from her body to un Tho tiny French clock on the mantel ticked away the laggard moments, and the doctors stood like so many statues, scarcely’ seeming to breathe. Lady Cecilia’s eyes never ouco left the white, death-stricken face. *‘ Oil, if lie might live, if he might live," was tlio one cry of her heart. She could not pray. She knew no Cod, sho had no hope of heaven, this beautiful and high-born lady. All her hopes were centered in life ! And in that terrible moment, all her love, fierce and selfish love it was, blazed up afresh in her heart, like a consuming fire. The little clock struck for midnight, and tho doctors exchanged glances. For one moment their patient lay breathless, h:3 eyes closed, his hands lying limp and white on the coverlid. Then there came a sudden, gasping sigh, the sealed eye lids fluttered, tlio labouring breathing subsided, and a gentle sleep fell upon tile sufferer like, a benediction. “ lie’ll live,’’ said the doctors, in a breath, “ the dangers past P > Lady Ccciiia uttered a cry of joy, and (led away to hei; own chamber to weep the passionate tears she could not re strain. Her paroxysm of emotion over, she flung the casement wide open, and sat down to reflect. All her mad, selfish, passionate nature was in a tumult, but supreme above every other feeling was her love, the love which neglect and coldness and time had failed to subdue. She had worked for her re venge upon this man who had played iier false, and in tlio end, when her way was clear, she found the old lovo rising up, stronger even than her hate. Site hared her queenly-head lo tlio night winds, and raised Iter troubled gaze to the silent, starlight sky, and lot her thoughts rove hack to those early days, when her hopes were so bright. “I could win him yet,’’ sho said, at Inst, between her set teeth, “ L could wear the coronet I always coveted, if I She hissed the words out in a kind of sibilant whisper, and her eyes wandered through an open door into the chamber where poor old Sir Varney lay. A benig nant, generous old man, with a heart as tender and simple as a child’s, and only one failing, his weak, indulging love for the woman who was his wife. Her eyes wandered toward tlio cham ber, full of passionate scorn and con tempt. She could see him lying on his couch, bis silver hair streaming ovor tlio pillow and around his peaceful face. “ The old dotart !’’ she murmured, her fine lips curling. “ Will lie live forever, I wonder? I married him for bis gold— why can’t lie die now, and set inc free— why can’t lie ?’’ In tho soft spring moonlight that streamed through tlio casement her face looked lilro the face of a beautiful fiend. “ I could win him. All things prosper with me. I could be Countess of Strath spey yet, if 1 were only free!” She uttered the words ill a kind of breathless way, and her fascinated gaza still sought Sir Varney’s chan her. Once in her mind, the horrible idea seemed to possess and control her. Sho arose softly, and crossed into tho room on tiptoe. •! Strong and healthy—he’ll live for ever !’’ she uttered, gazing down upon the sleeping baronet’s face; “and I am bound to him. What a fool I was ! Not even his gold and title were worth this. Why can’t tlio old fool die T’ Once give way to a temptation and it haunts you to tho end. Lady Drum mond’s face grew white and set in the misty moonlight, and her eyes began to glitter with a baleful light. “Why not?" sho murmured, in a hoarse, sibilant whisper. “ Better wo men than I am have dono .as Ind. I can’t live on, fettered to an old dotard— 1 can’t—/ irnit'l /” Tho pasdonate whisper half rom-ed Sir Varney; ho turned on his pillow and murmured incoherently. She watched him with burning eyes till he relapsed into sleep ; then she crossed the room and entered a small closet, fitted out like a cabinet, with innumerable rows of bottles on tho shelves. One of these she selected—a tiny, slender vial, filled with a whitish kind of mixture—and putting it in her bosom, re-locked tho cabinet ami returned to the chamber. Sir Varney was stirring again, and slightly moaning, as if in pain. Presently ho°raised himself to a sitting posture, and his eyes fell upon his wife. 022 “ Why, Cecilia !” lie said, in the lei,.™ voice with which he always addressed her; “ why are you up so late, child ? What’s the matter 1 Is the earl worse ?” “ No ; he’s better, Sir Varney.” “ Well, I’m truly glad. Cecilia, my love, would you mind bringing me a glass of wine? I have such a strange, unpleasant sensation ! I must have had a rush of blood to the brain, or something of the kind.” Ilis wife arose with alacrity. She had hearkened to the voice of the tempter, and ho was prompt to aid her. Here was her opportunity. She crossed to the little table upon which the wine service stood, and turn ing her back upon her husband, poured out a glass ; then, without an instant's hesitation, she drew the little vial from her bosom, and removing tho cork, poured about half the whitish mixture into the wine. It was all done, and the vial re-hidden in her bosom, in the space of a breath. “Will you drink it undiluted, Sir Varney?’ she asked, approaching the “Yes, my dear, I’ll tako it just so. I’m feeling miserably weak.” She put the glass in his hand, and he drained it at a draught. “ Why, child, ho said, “it has a bitter ish tasto, or perhaps my tongue’s fevered. There, that will do,” as she smoothed out his pillow. “ Thank you, my love, and I'm sorry to have troubled you. Go to bod now—please do. You’ll bo ill to morrow, and I don't like to seo my dar ling’s cheeks pale.” She turned to leave him, and had half crossed the room, when he called her “Cecilia,” lie said, “I’m foolish and childish to-night, Won’t you kiss me once before you go ? I believe if you do 1 shall be able to sleep.” She turned back, and kissed him with out a word. “ My beautiful darling, my own, own wife,” he murmured, stroking her head caressingly. She hurried from the bedside and out of the room, her face looking awfully white and horror-stricken. “ I am free—I am freo,” she whis pered, in a dazed sort of way, as she entered her own apartment and locked herself in. ( To be continued. J 