(gllxiitotts (Eolmnn> T E E WHITE GIBL OF I H 2 MOUNT aIN. In the year 1S77 Mr. H., no?? a citizen of Denver, Colorado, was engaged ia the stock business on the Salmon Kiver, Idaho Territory. At that time the famous Nez Perce chief Joseph was making a desperate but heirless fight against the American Government. On the first raid that Joseph's warriors made into ths country along the Salmon River they took Mrs. U. and her threeyear- old daughter prisoners. The mother was afterwards released, but her sufferings had been so great that she never recovered. It was understood that the little one had died in captivity. The blow to the husband was a fearful one. He left the country which had been the the sccne of his dreadful afiliction, and, as I have stated, finally settled in Denver. Late in the summer of 1S85 a hunter was wandering among the Salmon River moantains. He was far from the habitations of his race, and did not expect to meet any but red men, who had hunted and trapped in that region from time immemorial. The weather was pleasant, and he waB sauntering along in a leisurely way, when he came upon a tceue so strange that he stopped with an exclamation of amazement. He had approached a susall lake of clear cooi water, and saw before him a white girl, apparently ten cr twelve years of age. She stood waist deep, and was noticeable for her weaith cf fleecy hair, which hung about her shoulders and the upper part of her body. " Well, I declare," gasped the hunter. "If that don't beat anything I ever saw or heard of. Can it be & ghost 2" He had ct^cd but a moment or two uncertain whether ha ought to approach or withdraw, when the girl caught sight of him. TYith a couple of bounds she vras out of the water, ted vanished with such suddenness that the intruder v.as stiii in doubt whether he had been iooLi-g upon a Jive person or a EJ hit. But he was a ni&n; of coDsidcriWe servo, iri he advasced to the point where he tast her. There he found that she had gone into a cavern. He peeped ID, but all was datkness, and brave as ho was he did not dare go any further. " This isn't the kind of business I'm used to," he said to himself; " and before I start out on An exploring expedition I think it best to have company." The awed visitor eet out on his return to camp, where he had agreed to meet the two fiiends who had accompanied him on the expedition itto the wild region. He found tfce-m stretched out before th<3 cheerful fire, preparing supper, and wondering what made him so late in joining them. While they were eating their eveniBg meal he told them of his strange adventure. They were hunters like himself, and had had considerable experience in frontier life. They knew that fiction cculd not furnish any stranger incidents than could facts, and they respected their companion too well to euspect :hat he had been deceived. "It is a strange story indeed," remarked ore, "Bat I have no doubt that she is a white girl." " Of course not. I saw that myself; but how is it she is living alone in the mounts ire?" " Yon don't know that she is living aloae," rtn;arbfd the other hunter; if you had gone into that cave;n where she disappeared I bave no doubt jou would have seen some of her friends." " I was afraid to 3o that &losf.;" We'll visit the place together to mtrrow." As scon at it was light the three set o. t far tl-t. lake, which was found without ditlicjijy. Tc-cy had hardly caught s-ghfc of it when the git! herself was obLcrred." " Yes ; yonder sho is !" exclaimed one iu excitement. " That's the gi.-l, sure enough," said he who had seen her cay before. " But she has found some clothing since I saw her," She was etanding on the other side of the EBJ2.I1 bheet of water, at the foot of a cliff. She waB clothed in skins of wild animals, anu her flufiy hair locked more luxuriant tL-an had been described, fciie detected the intruders almost at the rarae moment that they caught sight of her, anr 1 . giving one long wdd star?, she whirled about snd was gone. After contuJtinp, the hunters decided not to trespass upon the young lady's domain, ihcueh the nicht before they were inclined to do EO. They, therefore, withdrew to Wfitbirgtor, Idfcho Territory, where they sj re-ad the report of what they had seen Efrrg the mountains. The interest excited was so deep that a party cf cowbcys and Eevcral newspaper ooi respondents determined to visit the locality and find out more about the wild girl, whcee history was such a myEtery to eyery one, The spot were she had been seen was abcut 4C0.mi!e8 ftoni Washington. It was no difficult task to make their way to the place. They found a charming vailej, with at ex of over a huiided acres, around tuo ti les of which was a sheet of water marked cu the surveyors' maps as Meose L ike. Whatever timidity one or two men might have felt about enttiing the gloomy cave in which the mysterious wild girl had disappeared there was i othing of the kiait on the part of the company that now made their way to the Vou know tiat cc.vboys aie t'ttvu' .iliv a wild and nckl/M tot of peril', ai- an f«r tbe newspaper eoi i-e=))oncetiti-, tl?' v w.ll venture where even a i ixin or Idah< cowboy dttre not tread. ii.e < ranee to the cavern waa on the border oi the beautiful lake, but when the I arty halted and looked ii. they saw nothing out blank darkness on every hand, or rather in lront, for they had not yet left the eunU^ht 1 tl ir.d. They noticed that the llinty iloor uas worn almost smooth by the frequent passage of feet, doubtless those of the wiid 1 mid her friends. Standing ihus in what uiay be called the Loorw&y; ot the ceil one cf the men shouted ut the top of his voice— " Uullca !" The tones reverberated along the vaulted 1 astage and into the ditmal depths, and then til were startled with a shrill, piping r^ply u hieh, while it bore little resemblance to huL-.an tones, evidently came from between the lips of some mortal like themselves. " That isn't a girl's voice," remarked one cf the correspondents, stating a fact that v.&s; apparent to all, though he assumed the Lir of one who was imparting valuable information. 'i'he company were about to push farther v hen the beirg who hid answered their hail j resented himself. Daring as was every member of the intruding party, there was an involuntary recoil when they saw him—not with fear, but rather with horror. An eld Indian, weak &r.d; tottering, with his long grey hair danglirg about his shoulders, a heavy staff in hend, and half covered with skins, placed himself in front of the party, as though he did not intend to let them enter. He really meant to defy them, but there was nothing in his appearance to inspire fear, Ltd he was puEbed aside. The man at the head carried a flaming torch above his head, which lighted the way through the windings of the cavern. He hurried faster than was prudent, but they almost trod on bis heels. The tunnel wound in many directions, and the cavern was divided into numerous apartments, in the formation of which of course tbe hand of man had borne no par* - . By-and-by the leader with the torch uttered an exclamation, for he stood at the door of the wild giri't home. She was seated on the tkin of some animal, and, after one terrified stare Lt the intruders, she covered her face with her hands, and tofcbed as if her heart was breaking. Nothing was said to the poor child, nor did any one venture to go nearer to her. Bough and reckless as were the men, they were filled with sympathy for the unfortunate being whom they were anxious to befriend, but who looked upon them aB cruel enemies. They addressed themselves to the old Indian, but he was found to be dumb, and when one of the cowboys spoke in the Nez Perce tongue he replied only with signs. Unable to believe that it was their duty to bring away the girl, the party withdrew from the cavern, and returned to Washington. You may be sure the newspaper men made the moBt of their strange experience. The accounts were published and widely copied in other newspapers, Mr. H., in Denver, read one of these, and the thought at once flashed upon him that possibly this wild girl was his own daughter, whom he supposed to have been dead for some years. _ He lost no time in hurrying to Salmon R'.ver Valley, where j on the statement of his belief, he found no trouble in organising a party to help him rescue the waiff Ttvo of the young men who had alroady Been her joined him. Under the guidance of theue, they made their way to the cavern by the lake. They found the Indian standing guard at the door. Be cid not offer any resistance, for he must have seen that it was useless. He tottered ia front of the party, and led the way straight to where the fcirl'wsB Beated, as before, on tbe floor. She was clothed in furs, and stared with the same wild expression at her visitors. "My daughter!" called out the father, lu&biug; forv.ard with cutsti-etched arme. The eld Indian triad to interfere, but he was Cashed aside, though the frightened child refused to go to her parent. By means of cigDP, common among Nez Force?, the old rin was marc at last to understand the Liluaticn, and he communicated in the same reamer wh;it was told him to the child. He pave his consent that she should leave, and the father took his child away. Though she f a:led to recognise him he was hopeful that in time she would be able to recall her early L fancy before the frightful raid which cost her mother her life and almost broke the heart of her father. It was learned that the child was taken by the dumb Indian directly after the death of her mother to his lonely home in the mountains, where she was kept over eight years without hearing a human voice or seeing a living person except the old man. He had been a member of the Nez Perce tribe, but as he was believed to be a wizard he was sentenced to have his tongue cut out end banished. Occasionally he visited the settlements, where he exchanged furs with the whites for powder and lead. Bis only fGod consisted of game, fish, roots, and berri n F, and his only clothing the skine of wild animals. ' The recovery of the child is one of the ttrangest incidents is the annals of the fron- tier.— Little Folks. 