dramatic Notes Messrs. Hiscocks and MacMahon promise us to-night at the Opera House the first of a series of performances involving one of thennost- novel and gigantic amuse ment enterprises ever undertaken in the Australasian colonies, namely, the unique and startling performances given by the Silbon- Stirk troupe of athletes, gymnasts, and contortionists, and judging from the sensation this remarkable organisation has created in Sydney during the last few weeks, there is no reason to doubt that, their promise will be amply fulfilled. Their perform: ances are spoken of by the Sydney press as being ex traordinary in the last degree, and as having created little less than a public furore. The organisation con sists of no fewer than thirty principal artists, and the performances are as varied as they are skilful. Truly, this, in, the show business, is the day of great things. , . The complimentary benefit tendered to Nick Feuil- lade by his numerous friends and admirers in Mel bourne this evening, at the Town Hall, promises to prove : a great success, and deservedly so, for totally "apart from the undoubted claim our "Nick" bason the suffrages of the public, both as an artist on the violin, and as one who has never been in the rear whenever "sweet charity" pointed out the way, the programme which he offers to the public is one which, in its intrinsic merit, has rarely been surpassed in these colonies. . . Good bye, Katie. Nay, not to strain the matter beyond its meaning, good girl, Katie. You have, in the face of difficulties, and, may we say, of unfair and undeserved censure at. the hands of those who ought t.o have known better, come out of the scathing ordeal triumphant, and we are very glad of it. We only hope that when you get back to your " ain countree'" you will not, because some one or two bilious indivi duals chose to speak ill of you, forget that you h;id many warm admirers in this city. Enough of that. . We are tokl that you have Monty Browne in advance; in fact, we know that he went to Sandhurst in your behalf early this week. Well, you could hardly have . a better man, for, in your vernacular, he's a " hustler," and more, he knows every rope in the ship. As for your indefatigable and irrepressible manager, Matt. Berry, he is spoken of well from ' ' Mouths of wisest censure," as one who has kept his head straight, and made friends in this little city of our's, and " long may lie wave." After all this, Katie, allow us to say that your course henceforward to us seems somewhat erratic, we must say, but circumstances, we suppose, govern all things. Sandhurst to commence to-night. Ballarat to follow, and Geelong next. Then overland to Newcastle, and "'then — we suppose, you will take Maitland in your way — Brisbane, whence Sydney. 'Tis a loijg run round. Miss Putnam, but we wish you . a pleasant, and, what is more, a prosperous trip, for Katie Putnam, and we say it in all sincerity, you deserve it. Following ' in the footsteps of the late Charles Dickens, Mr. David Christie Murray, the well-known author, who in some points resembles that giant of the present century, is, we understand, coming out. to Australia, where he will give a series of lectures on literature, and, very possibly, readings from his own works. Mr. Murray's powers as an orator are indis putably great, and his success amongst us ought to be assured. Matters in connection Avith the Sandhurst Art Union are progressing most satisfactory. The secre tary, M r. J. H. Cm now, has just returned from a visit to Sydney, where he was most successful, a very large number of tickets having been disposed of. There are less than 1000 tickets now remaining unsold, and these maybe obtained of any of the advertised agents up to the 31st inst., 011 which date the art union will be drawn. It is announced by advertisement that the globes to be used 011 the. occasion of the drawing are now on view. at the art union office in Bourke Street. Last night, a complimentary benefit was given to Miss Katie Putnam at the Opera House, on which occa sion she appeared in the first two acts of "Fanchon," and also in the first two acts of " The Old Curiosity Shop." There was an excellent house, and the audi ence were loud in their applause. \- " The- Bells of Haslemere " have continued to sound a joyous peal during the week, at the Royal, and the . audiences which have assembled nightly to hear the tintinnabulation, and to see the piece have been unanimous, and so, singular to relate, has the press, both as to the excellence of the piece, the way it has been performed, and the manner in which it is placed on the stage. The Jennie, Lee season at the Princess' opened most auspiciously, a crowded house welcoming the reappear ance of the. favorite actress 011 Saturday evening last, and she .being enthusiastically called before the curtain after each act. It would perhaps be too mucli to expect of human nature, to hope to find the press quite unanimous, but, although some difference of opinion lias been expressed by the various newspapers as to the merits of Mr. Burnett's dramatisation of Dickens " Bleak House," they are at one as to . the exquisite rendition of Jo by Miss Lee. Wednesday evening was a vice-regal command night, under tlie patronage, and in the presence of His Excellency the Gevernor, Lady Robinson, and suite. The Rickards company at St. George's Hall, with their excellent variety entertainment, have enjoyed an ample share of the public patronage this week. Among the other attractions, not the least has been the intensely amusing farcical comedy by Mr. Garnet Walch, of "Bric-a- Brac." Miss Ada Delroy and Mr. James Bell, prominent members of the troupe took their first benefit in Australia last night. We must go from home to hear nqws. A London paper informs us that " Union Jac'k" "did not make a go in Australia. What does Bland Holt say to that ? We learn from a mysterious source that a dramatic entertainment is to be given shortly at Williamstown under the auspices of the Australian Natives Associa tion. Our old friend— and friend of all 'the profession V£r. w. A. Windas is to be manager, and the piece is to-be "The 'Serious Family." The name of Mr. Windas in connection thereAvith is, or ought to be, sufficient to command success. Mr. Frank Lacey, Avith his extraordinary troupe of performing fleas, has been one of the principal attrac- tions at the WaxAVorks during the past fortnight. So satisfactory has his exhibition been, in fact, that he is retained for the coming Royal Museum sIioav, that opens next Saturday. " Dandy Dick" is a piece highly spoken of in Lon don, and is to lie the next production at the Princess A dramatic company for a South African tour is( being formed by Miss Emma Chambers. Miss Myra Kemble (Mrs. J. H.. White) sailed last Aveek for London, by the " Ormuz. " This, from Sydney, Avere it not slightly annoying to : us 011 the south side of the Murray, Avould fie gratify- ing. " Mons. KoAvalski's original comic opera " Mous tique," Avas produced at tlie Opera House, under the management of John Solomon, last Tuesday evening. There A\ras a croiiuled and enthusiastic audience, avIio, at the conclusion of the performance, brought the . happy composer to the footlights and repeatedly cheered him.; All . the principals worked heartily and Avell, vieing: Avith -each other to bring the performance to a successful issue. The scenic arrangements were almost perfect, one or two hitches that did occur did not in any way inar its production, and will 110 doubt be speedily remedied. The music is of a light tuneful character, Offenbachian in style, and Avith the number of taking airs .with wliicli tlie opera abounds, must find favor with even the most critical of audiences." The quotation is from a Sydney newspaper, and Avliat we object to is simply this, that in the Avhole of it, although credit is very properly given to Mr. Kowalski for his undoubtedly excellent music, not one Avord is said about our OAvn Victorian Marcus .Clarke, avIio not only aa'rote the story and the libretto, but' who also, as t Ave knoAV, gaATe hints to the composer as to his music. Come, I say , Kowalski niy, boy, Ayhatever you do, be fair. We 'knew dear Marcus before you did. ' Give his memory a sIioav auyhoAV. Don't try to- take it all to yourself. We are aivare that you are a very good musician, but he — " Good Lord " ; , The Ballarat Liedertafel ga\re a concert and Cinderella ball 011 Tuesday at the Alfred Hall, in commemoration of the ninth anniversary of their formation. The first act, of " Lucretia Borgia", aa'jis produced in Camera, and a programme of twelve dances Avas gone through.'' In consequence of some disagreement Airith Mr. Wil liamson, Mr. James Moore has left the Royal, Avliere he has been so long treasurer, and has gone to Sydney. It is stated that Miss Rlsa May, noAV prima donna of the Simonsen Company on tour in Neiv Zealand, intends, shortly to try her fortunes in London. T. A. Kennedy, the mesmerist, at the Gaiety Theatre, Brisbane, to- night.- . ' The Lynch Family of Bellringers and Specialty Combination continue their successful . suburban per formances 'throughout the Aveek, :aiid appear as- usual - to-night at the Athemeum Hall, Melbourne. - The benefit performance giAren to Mr. R. W. Cary, at the Toavii Hall, Prahran, 011 Tuesday nighty Avas, Ave regret to say, not the financial success that the programme undoubtedly deserved. It Avould be futile to go into reasons for this, therefore let it be sufficient to say that after expenses, but very little fell. to the lot of the benefieiare. Mr. George Darrellhas finished his prOAdiicial tour in Queensland, and opened at the Opera House, Brisbane, 011 Monday in "Hue and Cry." His next moi'eis Melbourne . f. At the Gaiety Theatre, Brisbane, Mr. Frank 1 horn- ton has been playing " Siveet LaA'ender" through the week, to good business. He goes northward next. > Herr Hugo Fischer .is organising an enterprise by which the Victorian Orchestra shall give concerts at Ballarat, Sandhurst, and Geelong. Playing it rather ' Ioav doAvn on that body, Ave fancy. Mr. F. M. Clark has closed his successful variety season at the Victoria Hall, and to-night that popular place of entertainment Avill be opened Avith a - diorama of Scotland, and Avliat is called a grand gift carnival. The lecture to the diorama Avill be delivered, by Mr. David MacAndreAV, a Scottish humorist and- vocalist. The Cyclorama representing the Battle of Waterloo still keeps its hold 011 the public, the attendance re maining quite up to the average. So Jo-jo is a fizzle in Sandhurst,- is he ? We are sorry to hear it, but the truth must be told. Perhaps they'd all seen him in Melbourne, and didn't belieAre in that conglomeration of second-rate doctors avIio pronounced him a marvel.. Ne\er mind Jo-jo, better luck next . time. Monty BroAvne, in advance for Katie' Putnam, Vent from Sandhurst to Ballarat yesterday. He's the long stern SAvell to Avake 'em up, you bet. En. route from Sydney to Melbourne, the Silbon-Stirk Company gave performances at Goulburn, and Albury. On Friday 'next, the 19th, Signor de Beaupuis Avill give his fareAvell concert in Melbourne, at the Athemeum Hall, and for the folio Aving evening, Satur day, Mr. Frank Bradley announces his popular organ and ballad concert. The first public concert of the Working Men's College Choral Society, took place 011 Thursday even ing at tlie Athemeum Hall, in the presence of a large audience, including Sir William and Lady Clarke. Tlie Society is to be congratulated on liaAung scored a success. Tlie members of F. E. Hiscocks London Pavilion Company, now en route from England by the steamer " Garonne," include Mr. Jolly John Nash, one of the most popular vocal comedians of the day, and the two Mikes, who will astonish the antipodes with, their delineatioris of Irish character. . A complimentary concert under the patronage of Sir William and Lady Clarke, and tendered by leading members of the musical profession, was given on Tuesday to Mr. .J. H. Jenkins, late organist to the Exhibition trustees, St. Patrick's Cathedral, Mel bourne n:id St. Patrick's Cathedral, Ballarat, at the Hibernian Hall, and "attracted a good and appreciative audience; After an eminently successful season at Ballarat, during which "the- excellent Shakespearian actor Mr. G. C. Miln.has " won golden opinions from all sorts of people, " and during which lie has, to the extent of, giving a benefit, and personally subscribing £50, done much to forward the laudable object of adding a Shakespeare monument to the statuary already erected in that city, he left on Monday morning for Geelong, whence after civing a short series of performances, lie left for Liiunceston, where he opens on Monday, and thence proceeds to Hobai-t. After his Tasmaaian season it iB probable he Avill make a tour through New Zealand; and although Avithout much warrant' Ave ven ture to predict that should there be a theatre avail able, he Avill then return to Melbourne. It is stated that Mr. Miln has offered £50 toAvards the erection oi a statue of Shakespere in this city. The new hall in connection ivith the Prahran Toavii Hall is 100ft. 6iii. long, 56ft. Gin. Avide, and 43ft. high. At one end is a large gallery, and at the other a roomy stage fitted up to represent a A-ieAV on the Adriatic, the scene having been painted by Mr. John Hennings, the Avell-knoAvn justly esteemed scenic artist. After a trip in the Western and North- Western parts of the colony, Mr. Maccabe has returned to Mel bourne, intruding to take holiday for a Aveek or so, prior to visiting the plains and rolling downs of Gipps- land. We are informed by Mr. George Buffer, Mr. Maccabe's business manager that, notAvitlistanding some unfavorable weather, the expedition from Avh.ich they haA-e returned has been, on the Avhole, a very successfiil one. ' ' ' ' After an absence of many years Ave shall be glad next Saturday to Avelcoirie oricebiore ' amongst us Mr. D'Arcy Read, Avith his not less amusing than inexplic able "Ghost" effects. Since Mr. Read had his suc cessful' season at the Athenamm, some eleven or twehe years since, a neAV generation of sight seers has groAA'n up, aa'lio will doubtless be as greatly entertained with Mr. Read's unique exhibition as their fathers Avere. He opens next Saturday at the Hibernian Hall, and Avill, Ave venture to prognosticate, have, as he deserves, a succession of good houses. . Professor Bakhvin's Butterfly Company last heard of at Gulgong, N.S.W., doing good biz. Sydney, July .1 1th, for a fortnight. . Although the old established ' ' W axAvorks" in Bourke Street is about to change its name to that of the "Royal Museum," it is questionable whether it Avill not ahvays best be knoAvn by its original cognomen, especially by our country cousins, just as "Her Majesty's" still remained and remains "The Opera House." Messrs. Washburn and Roberts announce the opening of the "B.oyal Museum" on Saturday next Avit-li what certainly seems to be a most extra ordinary collection of curiosities, not to say monstrosi ties.' OAving to the sudden indisposition of Mr. Phil. Beck; the sensational drama of "The Crimes of Paris " had to-be AvithdraAvn at the Alexandra on Wednesday night, and Conquest and Merritt!s drama, ".The Royal Pardon" (a play originally produced in Mel bourne, April 14th, 1879, at the Theatre Royal) sub stituted, Mr. Alfred Dampier the quadral leading part. It Avas played until last night, and this evening will be superseded by "The UnknoAA'ti," a drama Avhich has been played Avith much success in England and America, by arrangement Avith Miss S. G. Offver. avIio has the Australian rights of the piece, and in Avhich Mr. Dampier and Lily Dampier .will take part. Mr. Beck intends, on his recoA-ery and reap pearance, to essay the part of the Youthful Lover in Shakespeare's "Romeo and Juliet." » M » » : ' Buffalo Biff and his Wild West Company are such a novelty in Paris that the curiosity they are creating is unbounded. . It is excited too by the biffing of the great American sIioav liaA'ing been carried out on a scale unparallelled in that city. The first performance was held on the afternoon of May 18th, in the presence of President Carnot and a distinguished gathering specially invited for the occasion, and passed off most successfully. This show Avill be one of the greatest attractions Paris has to offer during the summer. The rush there is already tremendous. The circus seats 10,000 spectators. 