CURRENT TOPICS. Hie EXCELLENCT Sir Robert Hamilton arrived from Hobart by the express train yesterday, and was driven out to Entally, where he will be the guest of the hon. T. Reibey for a few days. THERE will be a meeting shortly of the Executive Committee of the North-Western Rifle Association to fix the exact date when the rifle meeting is to be held, and to settle all details. Colonel Legge, the ox-Com mandant, has (we learn from the N. WV. Post) written to the secretary, offering a silver cup for competition by the local teams of riflemen. The test of tfliciency will be rapidity of firing and accuracy of aim. The teams will be formed up at a given dis tance from the targets, and will fire a volley, and then advance and fire another, and soon. MR JAMras BnooiHALL, a farmsr at Dunorlan, met with a serious ascident on Tuesday last, a 1og which he was drawing ant of the bash with bullocks rolling over, knocking him down, and breaking his right leg in two places. He was pinned to the ground by the log, which had to be levered up before he could be extricated. The sufferer was brought into the Launceston Hospital, and on enquiry yesterday we were informed he was progressing favour ably. AmONOST the passengers by the Flinders yesterday was Captain Murray, Harbour Muster to the Mersey Marine Board, who is on his way to Adelaide to take over the dredger Devonport from the South Aus tralian Government, and bring her to the Mersey, where we hope it will make short work with the bar at the entrance to the river. WE have received a memo. from the Low Head station of the Eastern Extension Telegraph Company, stating that the s. Scotia completed laying the duplicate New Zealand cable at three o'clock on Wed nesday afternoon. THE following are the cases to be tried at the Court of Requests £50 jurisdiction, to be held on the 10th instant,-Joseph Bacon v. John Batton, claim .£14 Os, for work and labour done; Messrs Douglas and Collins for the plaintiff, and Mr J. B Waldron for the defendant. G. M. Scott v. G. Edwards, claim £14 15s 10d for goods sold; Messrs Gilmore and Clarke for the plaintiff, and Messrs Martin and Hobkirk for the defendant. TuE vital statistics issued by the Govern ment Statistician show that during the month of April 140 births-64 males and 76 females-were registered in the regis tration districts of Hobart and Launceston. This shows a decrease of one birth as com pared with the corresponding month last year; and a decrease of 7.60 as compared with the average of the births registered in April during the last five-yearly period. To every 1000 of the population of the two districts the proportions of births registered were as follow :-For Hobart, 2-40; for Launceston, 2.31; all, 2.42. The deaths registered in April in Hobart and Laun ceston numbered 116-63 males and 53 femaloe; 35 deaths, or 30.3 per cent. of the whole, took place in public institutions. The total number of deaths registered in the two districts during April, 1800, is more than that for the corresponding month last year by 20, and shows an in crease of 24-60 as compared with the average number of deaths registered in April during the last five-yearly period. To every 1000 of the population of the respective divisions the proportion of deaths registered were as follow:-Hobart, 2-23; Launceston, 1.633; all, 2.01. The deaths under five years of a-e numbered 33, or 28-45 per cent., of which 10 were under one year of age; the deaths between five and 65 years of age numbered 37, or 31900 per cent.; and the deaths 65 years and upwards numbered 46, or 19.65 per cent. Of the 111 deaths registered during April, 11 actually occurred during the month of March, and 105 actually occurred during the month of April. The following shows the number of deaths registered in Hobart and Launceaton respoctively in the month of April during the last six years Hobart district-1885 48, 18816 42, 1887 69, 1888 53,1889 40, 189080; Launceston district -1885 16, 1886 30, 1887 42, 1888 40, 1889 38, 1800313. "Louvaroin NOTES" writes on Thurs day:-Pastor J. Chamberlain, of Latrobe, delivered his popular lecture, entitled "Backbone," in the Longford 'T'abernacle last night to rather a small audience, Pastor Blackie occupying the chair. There was spacial singing for the occasion, and a coffee supper was afterwards held in the school-rcom, the whole of the proceeds being derjted t. the sale of gifts fund. MESSRe G. W. WATERHOUSE, P.M., and Henry Button, J.P., presided at the City Police Court yesterday. Sixteen codlin moth cases were disposed of as follow Eight withdrawn, seven ordered to pay the amount due with Es costs, one case heard ce parle ordered to pay the sum duo with Os Gd costs.-A man and woman were each fined 103, or three days, for being drulok and disorderly:-Permission was granted to Mrs Elizabeth Ann Edwards to cell at the Globe Hotel under the license held by Alfred Edwards till next meeting of the Licensing Bench. WE understand that Mr C. Napier Bell, C.E., forwarded his reports sn various Tas manian harbours to the Minister of Lands on Wednesday last, and we presume that as soon as Mr Pillinger returns to the capital the reports will be handed to the press for publication. The subjects dealt with in the reports received from Mr Napier Bell include the. Circular Head breakwater, Table Cape " deep water port," Leven harbour improvements, proposed canal through Eaglehawk Neck, and Mac quarie Harbour. These are all Govern ment reports, but there is one for the Mersey Marine Board whie's is not yet completed, and when ready wll be for warded direct to the Master Warden. A aroeALe meeting of the Launceston Chamber of Commerce was held yesterday evening to consider the question of the date fiSed for the celebration of the Queen's Birthday. Present-Messrs A. Webst-r (chairman), S. J. Sutton (Mayor), C. Dodgsbun, M. E. Robinson, Henry Button, A. W. Birchall, 0. C. Williams, and G. IHerne. A telegram to the following effect, received that day by the Mayor from the Premier, was read :-" Sorry to have the disappointment of not receiving a deputa tion headed by your worthy self upon the holiday question, butas usual, Launceeston wins. The holiday will be altered to Mon day. God save the Queen." His Worship the Mayor moved, and Mr 0. C. Williams seconded, the following reEolution : "That the members of this Chamber fully recognise the action of the hon. the Premier in re-considering the question of the public holiday, and desire to join their fellow colonists in celebrating her Majesty's Birthday on Monday, May 26." The motion was unanimously carried, and the meeting rose. THE suggestion that a team of Victorian riflemen should be sent to England to fire at the meeting of the National Rifle Asso. ciation in July, 1891, was made at a meeting of the Victorian Rifle Association on Wednesday night by Colonel Penno, the assistant adjutant-general for the local forces. Colonel Penno, who has himself shot in the English eight, expressed the opinion that though at starting a team from any one colony might average less than a combined team, they would by reason of their greater unity and with thorough coaching shoot just as well as an Australian team. The sum required to send 11 men to England would be about £2200, and it was thought that with a grant from Government this amount would be easily sceured. The proposal, which was favourably received by members of the Association, will be discussed informally by those interested in rifle shooting before being submitted ofticially to the Assoeia. tion. Tie Sergeant- at-Arms has had the novel application made to him (says the Daily Telegraph of March 14) that he should admit is lady to the reporters' gallery. ITomoen's fenny Paper makes it a boast that it is entirely conducted by women. Therefore it must hiove its own Parlia mentary reporter, and. as we gather from an advance proof sheet of this week's number, which has been forwarded to us, the Sergeant-at-Arms was asked on Mon day to give facilities to a representative of the paper to " bring before its readers a summary of the questions relating to women." " Madam,' replied Mr Erskine, 1 I regret to have to inform you that it is quite impossible for me to comply with your request. Not only have I no authority to admit any ladies into the reporters' gallery, but the gallery is already quite filled, and there is a long list of journals which are applicants for admission in the event of any vacancy taking place." This answer has a decisive look, but the Sergeant-at-Arms is not going to get rid of the courageous lady applicant so easily. "We cannot tamely submit," says our feminine contem porary, "to a capricious exclusion of women reporters from the gallery of the Bouse of Commons in these days of women journalists." Already the representative of the Women's Pease Paper has returned to the char go, this time in a personal inter view. Mr Erskine, we are informed, dis claimed any personal feeling with regard to the admission of ladies, but pleaded his instructions. He ventured to hint that male journalists might resent their intro sion, but, we are told, " our representative could not agree with him, as she has always found the gentlemen of the press eager to afford her every facility for the prosecuticn of her work, and there has never been the slightest unpleasantness between them." The narrative proceeds-" Mr Erskine concluded by remarking that he had never heard of such a thingas the request in our letter, and lie very plainly hinted that if ever it came, the time for their admission was net yet." We are left in the dark as to the next step to be taken in procesutien of this claim of lady journalists for a footing in the House. IT is said that in private life John Burns is a very different personage from the orator on the public platform. His little house in Wickermley road, Battersea, is a model to working men of what thrift will do. A library of many hundred volumes is the most striking feature, and the works on the shelves are books on political economy and standard works of reference. Mr Burns's reading is varied and exten sive. A lifelong teetotaler and non-smoker, he has been enabled to indulge in his only luxury-tlhat of collecting hooks. He probably posisesses the beit voice, not ex cluding Mr lBradlaugh, of any public speater in London. He is a capital cemic singer, and is often heard at local conceris in isid of deserving objects. GcoOGE IFsANCeisTRArIN, who loss otarlel to go round thse world in sixty days, is proud to be known as "'the Champion Crank of America." Train has been round lire weorld three timea already, and has crosoed the Atlantic twenty times, bust sines 1873 his mind has bean unhinged. Ho lsid the first tramway in England, and has been connected with railway under takings in America. There is money as well as method in Train's ma'Ineus. He publishes a paper. fsll of doggerel verse and typographicel eccentricities, csllod Traini's Ileigus of Terror, although he is one of the most harmless creatures in the world. lHe used to lecture on Sunday evenings in Dockstader's '1 heatre, in New York, and drew large audiences at half a dollar a head. His success as a lecturer gst him into trouble. He went to Iloston to lecture, and a ereditor had him arrested and imprisoned for debt. Train pleaded thsat an insane man was not responsible for his liabilities, and offered to stay in prio " as long as black mailer pays my bead. Train hss not shaken hands with anyone Ifor years, hecaure, he says, the contact would weaken his vitality, and distribruic his genius through all the population. He thinks it a great honour to be known as a"brilliant lunatic." Train is one of the best-known figures in New York, and is r. great favourite with children, COLOeNE SLADE, COmmandisnt of thre School sf Musketry at Rytho (writes thre Daily News of March 27) observes tha~t, some technical differences apart, every European psover is now rapidly saining with the same type of rifle having practi cally the noms rsnge and rapidity of fire. Asithe new rifle is righted up tso3100 yards, with smokeless powder, he assumes that in the future fire will, under certain circumstances, be opened at umuchi greater rancen than has hitherto been customary. In tse recently iesued "Infantry Drill,"rifle fira from 1700 to 1800 yards is classed as unaimed, and useful field artillery fire is limited to 1000 yards. Recent experi ments with the new field gun and new rifle. however, foreshsadow aimed and effective fire at distances very much in excess of these. As far hack as September, 1888, detachments of nine men from the 1st Devon, 1st Suffolk, lot Sussex, and 1st Battalion King's Royal Rifle Corps, made, it is stated, excellent practice at 2400 yards. and fair at 2800 yards. although the rifle was strange to them, and they had no previous experience of such firinig. is re gards madarn field artillery. Colonel Sleds tells us that good practice insnow made up to 5000 yards, mad oven hbeond, IN another column will be found the alterations in the timetable of the Scotts dale line, commeneing from the 12th inst. The up-trains will leave Launceston at 8.15 a.m. and 4.30 p.m., arriving at Scottsdale at 11.30 a.m. and 7.45 p.m. The down trains will leave Scottedale at 8 5 a.m. and 4.20 p.m., arriving at Laun ceston at 11.10 a in. and 7.25 p.m. Tie usual weekly meeting of the Laun ceston Parliamentary Debating Society will be held at the Mechanice' Institute to night at 710, at which the public are cordially invited. The feature of the evening will be the conclusion of the interesting debate upon the federal conoti. tution, and if time permits the Treasurer will probably deliver his financial state ment. A MODERATELY numerous audience as sembled in the City Pavilion loot evening to witness D'Arcy Read's Ghost and "Kalypso." The illusions proved no pleasing, and caused as much wonder as LAST evening the annual tea-meeting in connection with Chalmers Church was held in the school- room, Frederick-streot, and about 200 persons sat down to an enjoyable repast provided by the ladies of the congregation. Subsequently a meeting wae held, at which the Rev. D. S, Brunton presided over a large attendance. Gcod speeches wsee made by the chairman, and the Reve. WV. Law, F. Neale, and J. lfyle, and miscellaneous items were satis factorily rendered by Misses Turner, Parker, M'Lachlan, Wilkins, Lamont, and Mr D. Storrer. The pronouncing of the Benediction terminated the proceedings. To-night there will be a tea for children. AT the Memorial Church last evening there was a fairly good audience to hear Mr H. G. Picten's lecture on-" Is belief in miracles a proof of lunacy," the third and last of a series dealing with Secis larism v. Christianity. Pastor G. Soltau occupied the chair. The address dealt with the subject exhaustively. After some questions put by persons in the audience had been answered, the meeting terminated with the Benediction. WOAT was unanimously pronounced to be the best gaslight show of drapery and other goods ever made in Launceston attracted a great deal of attention at Messrs Dempster and Pearce's establish ment, Brisbane-street, last evening. A large number of fancy tables, chairs, and mirrors in ornamental frames were effectively arranged in the furniture department; and in a window devoted to haberdashery, gloves, ties, shirts, fancy vests, and brilliantly coloured silk hand kerchiefs and mufliers, made up a good dis play. In another window set apart for fur goods there was an excellent assortment of sealskin jackets, boas, capes, and muffs, and the sides were elaborately decorated with rolls of dark blue and old gold plush. But it was in the arrangement of the main apartment of the building that the skill and taste of the employes were seen to the greatest ad vantage. The windows on either side were tilled with laces, ribbons, and bondets and hats of every conceivable style in the ore case; and broad satin ribbons, dress fabrics, costly fans and gloves and mantles, with a background formed of rich rolls of plush, in the other. On looking into the establishment from the principal entrance the scene was one ex tremely gratifying to the sense of the beautiful. On bases of piles of substantial goods were artistically arrayed an in numer able variety of fancy and other articles, fabrics made up in all sorts of forms and arranged with their different colours in harmonious contrast, while there were also some magnificent artificial pot plants on tables and diapings, and nume rous Chinese lanterns were suspended from the ceiling. Highly complimentary re marks were general among the spectators. AN officer on board her Majesty's ship Bramble at Monte Video writes :-A short time ago an expedition started from this locality in search of treasure trove. It was supposed to be concealed in a cave on an island in the South Atlantic, and to have been buried by wrecked pirates as far back as 1827; and the precise locality was known only to a North Shields gentleman. The Bramble called on the passage out at the island and found the party there work ing like madmen, and proposed to fight any expedition that attempted to interfere with them. The precise position of the land mark had unfortunately been covered up by a landslip due to the volcanic nature of the island. The expedition was still work ing most enthusiastically in the hopes of finding the hidden treasure. While the pirates were on the island they were attacked by the crew of a tea clipper, and the whole of the pirates, numbering 20, were put to death, except a lad, and who is supposed to be the individual who gave the information regarding the hidden treasure. Further information egarding the affair is auxiously looksed for. A RATERss remarkable miser named Durand, has just died in the town oh Rlodez, France. He was 80 years old, and according to theFreneIs estimate of fortune was at iplo millionsaire, his magot being ws rth in cash and paps r £120.000, or 3,000,000f. Durand used to go about thl town like a mendicaot-so us ic so that people often offures him alms, but were grinned at for their proffered generosity. lie Wes known to have had but ore suit of tailor-nmade el sthes durirg his bog yea's of residence in IRodei, sub on the days when he went to draw hss dividends at the loc 1 tank, lie generally donned a garment in tended to be earsmanius, which seemed to be a compromise betweon a blouse ntd a sack. The miser lived alone in a bis house, the dcors of which were doubly rckesd, and occupied himself with mending his clot'res and boots, cooking, washing his linen, and counting up his money-this last task b ing ilia ea ly delight and principal postime. Durand has left his house and the Lulk of his bullion to a female fishmonger-a scidose-who sometiumes visited him. To his own celetives, some of soham isre in poverty, thte mieer boo net left is penny. Da. S. reAceca, follsowing up same lisboratory experiments by Preyer end Fiashair on the effect of spraying a con alterable fart Of the body surtace of animals with cold wator, has applied lthe spray for the perpeoe of reducing febrile temperatures in humsn beings. In the case of a man euffering from phthisie, whose temperature was hsigis, he found thsat, by apraying about a pint of water ist between Ott and 70 degs. F'ahr. over his body, the temperature fell to normal, and continued so for several hours. Again, a similar methsod scan satisfactorily applied in the case of a girl with diphtheria. In the healthy human subject, thso spray lowered the temperature nearly tsco degrees, and in animals which had been put into a con dillon of blood-poisoning end fever by injection of germs, the temperature was reduced to normal by the spray. By keeping healthy guinea-pigs and rabbstseome hours under epray, and using from half a pint of waler at the temperature of the room (44 to 130 degs.), the temperature of the animals fell several degrece. A cOrsEIN obseverO has carried Out some instructive researches into tho effect of salt On various disease-germs. Ho found that the ceoulte varied a good deal, accord ing to the particular microbe experimented span. The cholera bacillus, for example, curled up and died in a few boors, while the bacillus of typhoied fever and the micro cocci of pus and erysipelas resisted its influence for weeks, and even months. That part of his observations hearing on tuberculosis possesses a practinal import ance. oswing to the custom in slanghtsr houses of salting the flesh of animals recognizod to ho tuberculous, and expoisig itforsalo in the courus of a few sceeks. LI. de Freytay laos shown that the germ of consumption which thrives in lbs tissues of an ox in no wine prevented the infection of animals fed thereon. Hence it is highly desirable that a atop nhould be puab to a! practice which eaprees thouo who partake of the diseaseed meat to a cia ohs ions rinks of infection. HsaosvoAv's Pores.-Weary Llfe.-Dn rassemeni of the hover us enseof the meal nfil dlent sasees of dlangerous dieseases, and the monat liroliflo neuroneof Iosis moslansholy furs bodingasvwhlch are worse than death itself. A fese doens of Ihess snoed Pills not magtsally in, dinpoltins low splritIs, and repellIng lbs covert attosks msdoeon the nerves heyenos Ice Isnat, impere atminpherev, ocsr-iadsgenne, or ex hausthsg exoisemsat. Tbs meet halistred non stitulios mey desive bseneft from Hnllowsys illts, whisk wilt regulate dtsordersd setlon, brass theosorves, itassasseb th senegy of lbs latellooteal fsacuttles, sul renvsv lbs fallIng memory. Be ettealively sludytag 'he instrus itisns for taking stheno Thls end expllishly I pnttlag them in prentice, the auoal dsspondlsg wilt soon fselcoh.Sdenl ci a terfesl recovery, 