TRAVEL. THE PERILS OF CHAJIOIS HUNTING. The thousands of tourists who hasten in the height of summer to Alpine regions bear with them, unless they have been taught otherwise by experience, strange hopes and us w lifo nuuuuio (uluiumuke which the Swiss Highlands will offer them. Amongst these is the expectation of seeing, nnd perhaps hunting the chamois. Of all expectations, thin is the one least likely to be fulfilled. Few tourists, even among Alpine climbers, have seen the chamois ill his native JjAwjI The swjft-footed antelope of the Alps still wonders over them in larger or smaller herds, but only tbe man who is able to unflinching coutugc, and muscles of iron, and has tio xeAr ut bi>ifrg attacked bv giddi ness when Souled across a rock eaddlc with a precipice scvornl thousand feet in depth below nim, can reasonably hope to see the beautiful annuals prazincon a narrow strip of pits?, aim admire t no stmliiicl doe. as it looics shnridy in nil directions, in order to sniff tbfe pppfoathit daugor milts away, andwiiht ilscOniprtliiuiis by hshfili whistle, resembling a roblicrs signal. Should, however, this Foniry notice him,. the whole herd speedily disappear like spectres, unless the locality and chance compel them to dnsh madly along the ficl-U of ice. Tlie cause nf this is Hint man has so inexorably pursued the graceful animals which, so late aft 1 1:0 begihhii'g of this riiiilurvj anininled the more accessible mountain crests, that Uicy nvo now driven back to the mi«t parac'i colilwie1, and live in the vicinity oi tlieb'-rnal >r.n\\\\\ r-vc in winter, when ihey n shollor from the intem perance of Die weatiier in forests lower down the mountains. When day is breaking, or the moon is shining very brightly, the chamois will descend frolu the mountains and seek mofe convenient though H. is always nl ft spot sunonmlrd hyiocks; FR-m 9 to 11 o'clock they on joy a siesta, but at mid day wend their way upwards again, and rep<we lill about 4 o'clock in the vicinity of the glaciers. The active animals are re- mn.rkflhle sportive in aulunm and ccrly winter, when they frolic a tout the most dizzy precipices in wild rhdfcht, throw each other down in turn with their bonis, and go through the mo?'. amuMngsham tighls.it sjiots where the nearest relative of the cha mois— t licsjdonditllv climbing .Upine goat — diirr? not vnnlure. At Hie most inaccessible grass plots of the steepest peaks, or on the ledges scarce a foot wide, which wind along the Fide of precipice? ; the antelope of the mountains moves with an rr.«i und grace ' and elasticity of the sinews which burdur on t'ne fabulous. Active, gracefully built, and with a sensible look, the chamois, which isdnnoolonrcd in summer, and nearly black in winter, with its curVcd andhriUicnt polished horn®, is surpassingly beautiful; its muscles become elastic and stiff as steel springs; and, rivalling the wind inspced.it bo"n«T« with glorjoiifl leapc.ovc-r abysses ond ice; once a ravine on Uiii Moute Rosa, which a chamois bad cleared at a leap, was measured, and it was found to be twenty- four feet in width. The scent of the cJiamios is as splendidly organized as its muscles and sinews; it sniffs the hunter standing to windward for fin enormous distance, nnd in such a case henavca far more restlesriv than if it really saw him. If a chamois in its flight dashes against a rock, and find that it ran neither advance nor retreat, H docs notstaiid long undecided, but measures the distance tb tbe next station with rapid determination, attempts an impossibility, and a bound into the abyss, where it is smashed to atoms, is the en<l. If o hunter he the sole obstacle in its re l urn path, it darts back with the speed of an nrroWi and the hunter is forced to lie down at once On his stomach, Unless he wish to ho toppled over the precipice by the infuriated animal. If he does so, however, the chamois quietly leaps over him. Even in presi-iice of minil, ond if in the middle of the drop it notice a projection in the &teep; rock wall. It tends ila budy into a ctirve during the fall, in order to reach ilie projection, and is freum-ntlv successful in escaping. Such is ihe nature of the animal which men follow to its last hiding-place along dizzy paths, often overcome it in spite of its 'wonderful qualities, its tremendous pnrn, timidity, and cunning, and carry as 4 goo-1 prize down to the valley; but in the end tficv almost always lose the stake they must constantly rftk, r.nmely, their life. Thus the two" most celebrated chamois huiilcreiuGlflrU?.— David Zricki and Kasper Blunur, — after killing many hundred chamois, fell victims to iheir almost demo niacal passion for fbi1 ehnse, in Fpite of, their astounding coolness and skill in climbing. The first was missing for six-, nndthirty week?, and no pn" Vnew whether the powerful man was si ill olive. At length his skeleton, gnaw ed by vultures and foxes, was found cn a sloj e of thesteep Aneru Alp. lie must have suffered frightfully, for, judging from .a broken foot, end riie spot whore his body was found, he had dragged himself a long dislnnce alter his fall, nnd had perished of hunger and cold, after firing signal of distress. Blumer fell over an enormous precipice on the Voider Ghir- niscli, and In? wangled corpse was not found till t he following summer. My readers are probably familiar with the story of the Bomese hunter, who full through & hidden crevasse on thp unu h-frequeuted Grindel- wnhl giaelor, hut reached the dry ground witl.nut anv injury, and passed with indes cribable dilVsculty through a hollow formed in the glacier by a running stream, till he reached the edge of the ice. But such for tunate e?capc3' arc rare, and ft has fre quently happened that a man who has fallen 'through a rrevasee lias been com pelled to wail for hours, ay, for days and nights, til! hi? cTmpnnionS succeeded ill re.-toring him to daylight by means of ropes and sticks. More fortunate tuan the majority was the .notorious chamois sliuigliUror, Marcus Colani, of Fontresinn. Tins strange nnd dangerous man, who had s-di'i'd cn on enormous liunting-ground.inlo I which ;io other Juuiler cared to vrnftire, ! and in ix Inch he kept entire herds of half- tamed rhamoi?. bad killed, when lie reached hi? sixty-sixlh veer. no h?fi than 2, £00 bend of tliCffC- animrJ?, a number never attained by any other hunter before or ofLer him. This prince of hunters died quietly in his tod. although hi denrii wo brought oti by the fctigH" ut a hunting expedition. The dangers to which 1 have alluded are not. however, the only ones which menace the hunter in his daring expeditious. The mo-t formidable enemy of the hunter is undoubtedly the fog. which, at times, suddenly surrounds liim when he hn ronclcd' the lriffhcst glacier ground, and through its extraordinary density do«>s not allow him to see an inch before or behind him. It is an awful position for a man to he obliged to grope liis way along a path scarce a foot broad, over a yawning abyss, or avoid the crevasse, treacherously covered by show, on tlie extensive glacier. It is literally a wall along the narrow line of demarcation between life apd dath, aud it requires nil the coolness ond skill of these nun tu oKenpo from such dangers. As a general rule, however, they seek a more secure shOti and, after fastening themselves in a rock, by means of the rope they always carry with thctu. so as not to roll over the precipice, they pass tho night in the iiu- ...n.liu>n ,'iSntl v nf thn Anrrloc nriil vultures. lr i? a very cool bivouac, though, for after the supper of soup, which tlie hunter has prepared in his iron pot, lie is often com pelled lo protect himself against being frozen to death by walking up and down i for hours, or carr'ing a heavy stone back ward and forward. ! The following adventure?, which I do not think have been before published, will supply further proof of the dangers to which the chamois hunters are exposed " 1 went," the ex-chamoi6 hunter and ex cellent guide, Matthias liefli, of Glarus, told the writer last year, "when I was a lad of fifteen, and without the knowledge of my parents, to hunt chamois on the Btichi Alps. Mv trouble and my seeking were thrown away; the cunning animals lmd scented me. 1 had not been able lo got the ; wind of them, and wlu-n 1, panting, reached the crest of the mountain", 1 luul the plea sure of seeing a small herd of live head dashing down the opposite slope as quickly as greased lightning. Such n sight is very disagreeable, ond 1 started homeward, as twilight was oppreaching, in a melancholy mood. 1 tirst weui down a place where the crumbling rock gave way eveiy moment under mv feet, &o; that, in reality, I father rolled down than wvdkwl, and thus reached a plateau, on whicli stood a solitary eenncr- iiut, which was a consolation if bad weather delayed my return home. I had noticed the ti>ot accurately as X went \m the moun tain, and, from marks or blood and ouier tlifegs, I felt certain tjiaj a pig must liaVe been killed there a. few days previously. Unluckily, there was no one in Die cabin, and it must have been left by its occupants a very little while before, which is not at all an extraordinary thing on 'the Alps, Well, then, as I walked moodily aloug, aud took a peep &t; the deserted cabin, a figure I had never seen before rose in front of me in the growing darkness, in whose round head two eyes glistened liketed'bot bullets. The creature did not appear to have any very friendly views, for it was still light enough for Vie to .notice the long; snow- white fangs which it sbtefred me as a greet ing. I tell you, friend, that was a critical moment, and my joung legs began td tremble under mo. Oli 1 Tangn away ; but 1 em certain fiiiif, trade? similar circum stances, you would liavc tnfidc the most ubu ul jijui ulgulio v muiumriu. 1 sliould hnve done so too, had not the wad to retreat been so murderously steep, so that 1 could not hope to make much way. Desjtcrfllicn has made many a hero before now, and so, with ft considerable amount of terror, I raised my rifle, took a careful aim at tho breast of the brffic, which was still gnashing its teeth, pulled the trigger, and, lo and behold you, the beast turned two or three 6omereauHel The Bliot echoed ike thunder through the valleys : but I lufa tot much time, to listen to it, for such a frightful felling was mingled with the echo (bat my Cats still ring with it. Looking neither before nor behind mo. I ran past the cabin, down the mountain, like a sheep, pursued by a vul- ttlrc. Only once in ray life did I go down hill eo quhdriy, and 'I will tell you how presently, nlien J told the story at home, with a preciously long face) fire re) neigh bours had dropped in, as is often the Case in mountain villages. They all agreed to go to the Alps tlie ncit nwnjinc to see what monster's light of life 1 Jifia puffed out. My Ftnry, protohly, appeared rather ffft- s at ifuclbnt nnd oiijy the more aroused the ctiri'»f»!ty nf the neighbours. TheyFtartcd at dftvbrr.ii:, and wlmL do you think they f."Ttd?. ''lo?c.Io the cftbin lay mv game, with il IjOJo :) hi-j rbr?t; froz«m stiff, nnd it was a magnificent fuli-groWti male lynx that had probably come to fetch its share of the chitlcrling soup from the cabin." " The r.'ext rime," sb my original narrator went oi— "the next time, when I came ttewn frcin riic mountains a i a greater pace still, was v,lwn I started one morning with my brother, who wiia seral years older, to hunt in IheVorder Glurntectn There isa cliinhing there, I tell you, which not on? 'r makes you forget hearing and seeing, but draws 'the very marrow out of vour bones. To crawl along a led<»c about tnc width of your garter; on one side of you tlie smooth, perpendicular precipice, above ynu the blue ekv. and then, nn your other side and be-1 noath you, the deep, blank nothing, three or fnur tiious.iiiid u-ef d"(-p, that might, under certain circumstance?, confuse the slroDgc&t; head ; and if you do begin to fed giddv, it is juet or if a' ghost were pulling you by the legs, and you fall into the puif without muking your will or recoixing absolution. "IV ell, I am a Glarner, lifid so 1 find nit bl'Dthor trotted merrily along over fhe roll ing toulders; un«l we reached a slope covered with eternal snott, which ran down into a kettle filled with blocks of granite. We had to cross this in order to reach the opposite crest, behind whicli, again, was a favourite watering-place of tho chamois. Generally CiCcpif-g on nil-four?, like a slater hanging oil a church roof, we oliiubcd un dauntedly up tbe fetcep elope on the othef aide of the valley, the sharp rocks which peered out nf tho snow affording us a von use-fid holdfast ex, cry now and then. After a good half-honr> "chatp climbing, wg at length reached thfe (op, Ciid .took r. look round us. Here was a fresh embarrassment; the crest of the mountain consisted of a rock wall at least ten fee t high, which, from the bottom, had looked quite easy to cro-.". TbR wall, against which we had really run our uoses, i'Cse for aome distance along the crest of the mountclfi, cad then toenme lower and more ensv to cross. Tli6 road to the lower part did not look very difficult, if we kept close to the roek wall, fit the base of which the pale sunbeams had freed a narrow strip of ground from snow. iVe therefore walked cautiously onwtjrdr-, nnd increased otif pnee ns the road began to descend. tVe went, ns H were, of ourselves, down liill, through the dust-Jike but deep layer of snow. "All at once, though, a roaring and buzzing began around our ears, as if the wings of a thousand vultures were flapping around us. 'Good heavens! the dust avalanche! Keep your head up, or you will be choked ! ' toy urether shouted to me, and that was all 1 could hear through the infernal row, for after that- my eenses literally left me. My last feeling was as if I were being shot out of a mortar through the air, and then nothing more. When 1 woke again, H was in consequence of an anything but gentle grafcp, by which my more experienced brother dragged me back from the edge of tlie precipice on which tho avalanche, aroused by our own movements, had com fortably landed mo in a heap of deep snow, after an involuntary leap of throe-hundred well-measured Swiss feef, Jt was a very peculiar fepling that came over me, when I atlwjg'h succeeded in removing from my eyes the snow, which whirled round like fine dust, and looked down into the bottom less depths. If tbe avalanche had been a cannon-shot, only an ounce of powder would have l»een necessary to send uie over the brink to kingdom coin." "I. suppose your 'appetite for chamois hunting wg3 GntisficQ for that day, old fellow, and that you hclmved in the same way ns after the glorious shot at the Jvnx ? " I said to tlie narrator, for 1 felt a 'slight shudder at the thought of liis dangerous journey through the air. "Do you think so?" he replied, in bis peculiaf drawling way. " "When 1 made that leap I wnc no longer a lad of fifteen. My spirit bottle, it is true, had been broken (0 shivers in my hurried journey, but my brother's was all right. After we had beaten the suow out of our clothes as well as we could — which, by the way, was no easy job, because the avalanche dust holds very tightly together — wo both took a hearty pull, started again to climb up the steep which lmd been fortunately swept clear, afid reached the top nil right. Two hours luter, a splendid btick was writhing on the ground, which mv brother hod driven up tb my pun, and we had every rensoh to be satisfied with our day's work, in spite of tlie trifling accident." A few remark? may be admissible about tbe hunters equipment. IBs clothes are made of coarse, undyed wool, and he carries with him, in addition to a rillo of heavy bore— conical balls hate been proved to be unsuitable— a moderatelysizcd Alpicestock, a pouch containing powder, hall, and tele scope, and an iron pot. Hi? food goneraJJj consists of cheese, bread and butter, and an allowance of salted roasted flour, which he converts into a comforting soup morning and night by means of the pot. Jf he is in cash, lie takes a bottle of cherry brandy with him also. The hunter pays special atten tion to his shoes, whicirnre made much after the fashion of the hard chamois hoof; they ore very strongly sewn, and the soles nre covered with sharp uiu'Is, so that he may ; have a foothold on the rocks and ice fields. Ordinary shoes would ho in rags after one day of such walking, nnd not protect the feet sufficiently from injury. From the few cursory remarks I have been able to make, it will be plainly seen that chamois hunting lias long ceased to be a sport for gentlemen. Even among the , real hunters it is a species of demoniac im pulse, an untamable pas?ion. which, though noble, may to comj»arcd with that of pro fessional 'gamblers; and something far beyond n. t hirst for gain impels these daring and desperate men so constantly to risk their lives. At the same time, the majority of the hunters nre poor men, capable of standing any amount of fatigue, nnd ac quainted with the smallest details of the mountains. Though we read in the news papers even now aud theu lhatsome prince or minister has recently made a hold trip through the Borncsc Oberlond, and been, so fortunate as to kill a splendid chamois, I sns free lo confess that I always entertain modest doubts as to the truth of the state ment. I have on some occasions seen the hunters who have accompanied gentlemen sportsmen as guides on a chamois expedi tion laugh most meaningly when allusion was made to such success. The chamois hunter is a silent, and, at the same time, most practical follow, and need not be ex pected to tell bow many ducats he earned by surrendering his claim to the honour of a good Eliot. If. a ip" has a quarrelsome temper, let him alone. The wortd'wil) toon find him employment. He will soon meet with soma one stronger than himself who will rep? him better than you can. A man may fight duels all his life if he is disposed to quarrel. 