B E ATRIC E. Br BIDES HAGGABD, Author of '' She," Allan Quatermain,' "King Solomon's Mines," &c.; CHAPTER XXIV. LADY HONORIA TAKES THE FIELD, tiooffrey hurried to the Vicarage to fetch hi3 baggage and say good-bye. He had uo time for breakfast, and he was glad of it, for ho tttuld not have eaten a morsel to save his life* He found Elizabeth and her father in the sitting- room. \- Why, where have you been this wet morning, Mr. Bingham'!" said Mr. Granger. '' I have been for a walk with Miss Beatrice; •ihfi is coming home by the village," ho answered. I don't mind rain, and I wanted to get an much fresh air as I oould before I go tack to the mill. Thauk you—only a cup of tea—I will get something to eat as 1 go." " How kind of him," reflected Mr. Granger; no doubt he has been speaking to Beatrice again about Owen Davies. "Oh, by the way," he added aloud, "did you happen to hear anybody moving in the house last night, Mr. Bingham, just when the stprm was at its height? First of all a door slammed so violently that I got up to see what it wag, and as I came down the passage I c<?uld almost have sworn that I saw something white go into the spare room. But my candle went out, and by the time that I had found a ligfat there was nothing to be seen." . "A dear case of ghosts," said Geoffrey, indifferently, It was indeed a " case of ghosts," and they would, he reflected, haunt him ior many & day. ."How very odd," put in Elizabeth, vivaciously, her keen eyes fixed intently on his fftOB. "Do you know I thought) that I twice Haw the door of our room open and shut in the most mysterious fashion. I think that Beatrice must have SQmething to do with it; she is so uncanny in her ways." .Geoffrey never moved a muscle, he 1 was trained to keep his countenance. Only he wondered how much this woman knew. She umst be silenced somi how. Excuse me for changing the subject," he said, "but my time is short, and I have none to spare to hunt the 'Vicarage Ghost.' Bytbe-way, there's a good title for somebody. ME. Granger, I believe that I may speak of business matters before Miss Elizabeth V" ."Certainly, Mr. Bingham," said the clergyman : "Elizabeth is my right hand, and has the best business head in Bryngelly." .Geoffrey reflected that this was very evident, and went on. " I only want to say this. If you get into any further difficulties with your rascally tithe-payers mind and let me know. I shall always be glad to help you while I oau. And-now I must be going." •He spoke thus for two reasons. First, naturally enough, he meant to make it his business to protect Beatrice from the pressure of. poverty, and well knew that it would be useless to offer her direct assistance. Secondly, ha wished to show Elizabeth that it would not Jx» to the advantage of her family to quarrel with him. If she had seen a ghost, perhaps this fact would make her reticent on the subject. He did not know that she was playing a juoch bigger game for her own hand, a game of which the stakes were thousands a year, and tliat she was moreover mad with jealousy and wlmt, in Buch a woman, must pass for love. .Elizabeth made no comment on his offer, and before Mr. Granger's profuse thanks were aaacly finished, Geoffrey was gone] •Three weeks passed at Bryngelly, and Elizahuthutill heldherhand. Beatrice, paleandspiritless, went about her duties as usual. Elizabeth never spoke to her in any sense that could awaken her suspicions, and the ghost story was, or appeared to be, pretty well forgotten. But at last an event occurred that caused Elizabeth to> determine to take the field. One "day she mist Owen Davies walking along the beach in tl» semi-insane way which he now affected. lie stopped, and, without further ado, plunged jtrtQoon versation. ' '' - " , "I-can't bear it any longer," he said wildly, throwing up his arms.. "I saw her .yesterday, and she cut me short before I could speak a wqrd. I have prayed for patience and it won't $ome to me, only a Voice seemed to say to me thftfc I must wait ten days more, ten short days, and then Beatrice, my beautiful Beatrice, wquld lie my wife at last." "If you go on in this way, Mr. Davies," «iid Elizabeth sharply, her heart filled . with jealous anger, "you will soon be off your head. Are you not ashamed of yourself for making aitch a fuss about a girl's pretty face? It yen want to get married, marry somebody else." "Marry somebody else," he said dreamily; "Idon't know anybody else whom I could juarrjy except you, and you are not Beatrice.'.' "No," answered Elizabeth angrily, "I should hope that I have more sense, and if yuu wanted to marry me you would have to set about it in a different way to this. I am not Beatrice, thank Heaven, but I am her sister, aud I warn you that I know more about her than you do. I warn you as a friend to be careful. Supposing that Beatrice were not worthy of you, you would not wish to marry liw, would you?" Now Owen Davies, like liiost other people who had the privilege of her acquaintance, was at heart somewhat afraid of Elizabeth. Also, apart from matters cormected with his insane passion, he was veiy fairly Bhrewd. He suspected Elizabeth of something, he did not know of what. "No, no, of course not," he said. "Of coarse I would not many her if she was not fit to be mv wife—but I must know that first, before I talk of marrying anybody else. Good afternoon, Miss Elizabeth. It will soon be net- tied now; it cannot go on much longer now. My prayers will be answered, I know they wilL "You are right there, Owen Davies," thought Elizabeth, as she looked after him with ineffable bitterness, not to say contempt. ""Your prayers shall be answered in a way that will astonish you. You shall not marry Beatrice, and you shall marry me. The fish has been on the line loug enough, now I uiust begin to pull in." Curiously enough-it never really occurred to- Elizabeth that Beatrice herself might JW0V6 to be the true obstacle to the marriage she plotted,, to prevent. She know that her sister was fond of Geoffrey Bingham, but that when it came to the point like would absolutely allow her affection to interfere with so glorious a success in life she never for a moment believed. Of course she thought it was possible that if Beatrice could «et possession of Geoffrey she might prefer to do so, but failing him, judging from her own low and vulgar standard, Elizabeth was convinced that she would take Owen. It did not Beern possible that what was so precious in her own eyes might be valueless and even hateful ill-those of her sister. Yes,, she must strike, but how? Elizal«th had fedinga like other people. She did not mind ruining her sister and rival, but she •would much prefer that it should not be known that hers was the hand to cut her down. Of oourae, if. the worst came to the worst she must do it. Meanwhile, might not a substitute be found—somebody in whom the act would seem not one of vengeance, but of virtue ? AIv! she had it—Lady Honoria! Who could bo better for such a purposes than the cruelly injured wife ? But then how should she oammunicate the facts to Her Ladyship without involving herself? Again she hit upon a device much favoured by such people— "«n vieux true mat's toujours bon" — the pristine one of an anonymous letter, which has thestartling merit of not committing anybody to anything. An anonymous letter to all appearance written by a servant; it was the very thing 1 Most Likely it would result in a searching enquiry by Lady Honoria, in which <*vent Elizabeth would, of course, against her will be forced to say what she knew. Almost certainly it would result in a quarrel betweon Iraafeana and wife, which might induce the former to show his hand or even to take some opepr step as regards Beatrice. She was flony for Geoffrey, against whom she had no ill-feeling! but it could not be helped; he must l>e sacrificed. That very evening she wrote her letter and sent it to be posted by an old servant living in London. It was a masterpiece in its way, especially phonetically. This precious epistle, which was most exceedingly ill-writ in a large, coarse hand, ran thus: " "Mr IiADt—My consence druvs me to it, much again my will. I've tried hard, my ladi, not to 8peek, first acorse of miss B, as i have knowed pood and peurand also for . the *akes of your evil usband that wulf in sheeps claathiii. But when i think on you my ladi \- x, lorful legel wife, gud and virtus and peur and of the things as I hev seen which is enough to bring a blush to the face .of a stater, I knows it is my holy dooty to rite your ladishipp as toilers. Your ladishipp fofgif me but on the nite of "Whitteundey last Miss B. Grainger wint after midnite inter the loom of your bad usband—as I was to mi sham ther to se. Afterward more nor an hour, she ourn out agin being carried in his harmcs. And if your ladishipp don't believ me, let yewr ladishipp rite to Miss Elizbeth, as had lliis same misfortune to see as your tru fiend. "THE WEITEB." (Tolecontmncd.) 