A Short-lived Possession. BY rIARY ORESTOCK. CHAPTER I. Folks tastes differ as much as their cbata tens and features. There are some men to whom a book, a dance, or a scientific soiree give " infinite pleasure, whilst others, again, derive their keenest enjoyment from sport of any kind, from the shooting of a tiger to the viewing of a cock-fight. My tastes lie within neither of these limits. • I feel the greatest, the most perfect satis 'faction when attending a funeral. From niy earliest days; from the age of pinafores, no sight had such enthralling interest for me as the long solemn procession, beginning with, the sombre hearse with the sable plumes, and the flowing weepers of its charioteers, down to the two-wheeled humble cab. My parents as was natural were aghast at this ghost-like taste in their off spring, and did their. best to check its growth, but their strenuous efforts to oppose my fancy only served to increase it. Often have I escaped from my nurse's care to climnb on, the step of a mourning. coach with the intenftion of seeing the affair out,. only to my infinite disgust to be brought back, kicking and struggling to authority again. Once indeed I managed to slip under the seat of a inourning- iach,and there layperdsu until I deemed I could show myself with safety.. The occupants of the vehicle were well known to me, and being too far a distance from the street I resided in, consented to my lisping appeals to be taken all the way. When the burial-ground was reached how ever, they basely.bade me stay in the coach, and, seeing no signs of relenting in their solemn visages, I drew my face into an ominous pucker which foreboded some ,ear-splitting sounds not compatible with the. solemnity of the occasion, and which made themin sheer self-defence bear me along rith' them in my scarlet frock and doll and pinafore, an equally brilliant knitted:head-gear, and a face beaming with satisfaction, which broke out into rapturous cries as the dirt'was solemnly scattered on the lid of the' coffin. I:am told that I can not recollect the above incident, but I am assured that I can, for I remember when .promoted to knicker-bockers burying a defunct biid and going.through the ceremony greatly to my playmates awe and astonish ment. As i grew up, and the prospect of what profession. I should enter was discussed, my unvarying wish was, that they should apprentice ine to an undertaker, but this my family in their pride of birth and caste re fused to do, and even went so far as to con sult a doctor as to my singularly morbid taste. I wasga'bright enough lad, with a good :clear ,brain, and'a healthy: mind, save in this one particular strain, and the medico tried his best to persuademe out of my, to hia, reprehensible fuancy. " Finding the opposition of all my friends 'too much, I reluctantly gave up my" ambi tious wish, and consented to be articled to a well-known solicitor.as the next.best thing. In the ytars to come I hoped to;set up busi. ness for myself, to do that I must have clients, and in the course of natiure there mustbe deaths in their families, which I, as ,the family solicitor, would be bound toattend.. Ad interine,'I could wait. My firat'bona-fide invitation was on the event of the death of a maiden lady well known to my family, who, when I wa# qualified to practice as a solicitor, had at once, and of her own accord, put her money matters into my hands, and during the short time I had cerasion to act for her, I endea. voured to fulfil her trust, and invest her moneys to the best advantage. At her rr quest I visited her constantly during her last illness. To my surprise she had never de sired me to draft out her will, and whern I bheard fromi heirmedical man that there was no hope of her recovery, and that she was aw'are of it.. I spoke to or -f the advisability of doing so; hut she q i '-d my fears by telling me t! at- she h at a:ged that im porl ant point, ' It 'isvery good of you, Philip?' she would say, "to sit: with me, but you will reap your re.ward by the ples:ure.of attend ing my. funeral. A hurhorous twinkle would p'ay in her dim' eyes :is if at some old recol leati)in'of my peculiar fancy.. In due course I heard of my fritnd's de misc,' and, received, notice to attend the funeral, which, owing to the friends her wealth bal made for her in her life time, arid the uncerttintyof bow she would leave that. same wealth at her death, .was very lr'gely attended. AMy father and I were in the second mourn ing coach with two very.'near relatives of the deceased, "wvho apparently were in great rief, but who must have been in still greater 5sjlspse to know what their poition in the good laly's will might be. My frelings were oilarious in the extreme. I lid not see that I was showing, any disrespect to the corpse that preceded us. Is life my client had known' of my weakne.s, and had often alladed to this day as onh of pleasure to me. My spirits were buoyant,. and .1 noted with interest the occupalnts in the different vehi cles, totally unchecked by my father's pres s Ire on my patent' leather boot, arid much to the horror'of'the two inmates of our coach, I whose tears were completly checked as t~ regarded with open-eyed astonishment the j festive expression of my countenance. , Philip, for heaven's sake try to assume a i becoming air of gravity," my father pleaded in an undertone. " I'll try, but it's deuced hard, you know how I always look forward to this sort of thing," I answcred in the same tone, thrust ing my head through the black curtains to. look for an acquaintance in a passing tram. "Positively indecent I The man must be mad," I heard the two relatives mutter. I felt half inclined to expostulate with them, but magnanimously refrained. If they.were. at a wedding they would reeent my pulling a long face,.why then should they object tome taking my pleasure in the way mest enjoy able. When we returned from the St.. Kilda Cemetery to the house of the deceased, my thorough appreciation of the baked meats brought more censure upon me. I heardmy poor father, weakly explaining that I was not really unfeeling, as my conduct would suggest. Thismorbid trait in my otherwise sympathetic nature wa°, he assured his friends, a psychological puzzle both to himself and the doctors he had consulted. There were a good many mentioned in the will, myself amongst the number, and with a little curiosity I listened to the reading of the lengthy -document, wondering, as the money grew-less and less, what my particu lar bequest .would be. It came at last : " As a mark of my affection for my friend and solicitor, Phillip Law, I give and be. queath to him my Davenport, with all its contents at the time of my death ; and I also give and bequeath, to him the sum of £500." . ! The £500 was very acceptable. a for the Davenport, my little office was already over crowded, but even so, I felt I must make room for it. I should have to examine its contents at some time, I had'more leisure and privacy there, than at homer Accord ingly I made'arrangements for the piece of furniture to be sent to Chancery Lane. In due time, with a little difficulty, it was fixed in the room, iwhere it remained for some weeks before I made up my mind to examine it. CHAPTER II. The morning I selected to overturn the DaVenport, I summoned the small office boy, and gave him particular instructions that no clients were to be admitted. A ghost of a smile quivered round the urchin's mobile lips as he promised to respect my wish, for the paucity of clients to my office up to this date had been somewhat noticeable. ' I: The old lady, I discovered, was of a truly methodical nature. Unlike the usual run of the female sex, she had not hoarded old love-letters and insignificant notes ; no, not even the inevitable bunch 'of faded flowers, with the customary ratin:ribbon and maudlin verses. The few papers she had left were ticketed and docketed, receipts and documents, all neatly folded in the different pigeon-holes. Beyond a quantity of unused note paper and envelopes, and blotting-pad and some stamps, there was nothing of im portance! What could have been her motive for bequeathing the desk to me ? As far as I could see, there was not a loose sovereign or banknote; and, somewhat ruefully, I pre pared to put the contents back again in their i place, when my hand came in contact. with I a small knob. . " By Jove I A secret drawer I Now, how does the thing work ? Push, turn, pre.s.-HIey presto 1" and, with a slight whirring noise, a drawer at the bottom of the desk sprang out, revealing to my astonished eyes a ýnum ber of jewel cases, along with a goodly col lection of sovereigns and half sovereigns. " This is something like," I muttered ex Ultantly, as I opened the different cases and exposed the glittering, flashing contents to the light once more. "I'wonder there'has not been an inquiry about them. I expect all the female relatives know to a stud what she possessed, and have worn them over and over again in anticipation." " A lady, sir," my faithless attendant an nounced. ".Couldn't help it, sir," he gasped, as he saw the threatening frown on my forehead; "she would enter, said I was fabricatin' excuses; here she be, sir," and, in breathless haste, the boy darted back to direct the intruder to my office. In my Eurprise at the lady's appearance, I totally forgot the brilliant display in the drawer of the Davenport, but, as I motioned the lady to a seat, a slight ejaculation of admiration from her brought back the re membrance again, and, with a slight apology, I turned to pish in the drawer. Evidently that was not the way it closed, for all my pushing and shaking it remained firm. Shutting the lids of the jewel cases, I returned with a rather discomfited air to my seat opposite the young lady, whose bright eyes had taken in my every action from beneath the long blue veil she wore. i " My visit to you, Mr. Law, is not exactly on a business matter," she began throwing back the disfiguring headgear from her hat Sand facing me fully. . Indeed I . You have the advantage of me. I scarcely think I could have forgotten you, ' if I. had ever beeti -s fortunate as to have i made your acquaintance," I answered. She listened politely to n-y stilted compli ment, though fidgetting nervously with the ' crook of her parasol all the while. " No, you have never met me, and possibly ! never seen or heard of me before. The truth is, I was desired to .call by one now I dead," she replied, " Indeed " I reiterated weakly, wonder ing vaguely if my vis-a-vis held communion', with the spirits. , " It is over a month now since Miss 1 .Rush's death." " Ah," I broke in. f 1 " The last time 1 saw her alone," continued my fair visitor, " she gave me a note ad dressed to. you, which she told me not to deliver till she had been dead a month. The time has now expire -; here is the letter. If it is to ask you to use what influence you have to help me to obtain a situation as 3 governess," she added, " I can only say that Ishall be most grateful to her." A governess. That last speech certainly surprised me. Apart from the elegant sim p!iity of her attire, there was an indepen dense, a certain refinement in her clear tones, characteristic of one.used to be considered, and trea'ed with defqrence; - " With your permfssioh,"I said, tearing the envelope apart?-a"id reluctantly with drawing my gaze from the sweet face framed in masses of wavy broiwiihair'' arid glorified ! by a pair of eyes, " so deeply, darkly, beau- i tifully blue."' -'. b ' The note, like all -i:Miss RPj's epit.)lary t correspondence, was characterised for its brevity and lucidity. It rat :- ;: ' IDEAap P1LIP,-- YOu'will have attenled t my funeral ere this, and- had leisure to t examine the Davenport. The jewels in the t secret drawer are not fo -you, - though E seemingly left to you, neither are the sdvo- r reigns and half-aovereigns.; 'The: bearer of this note is the person I wish you to transfer n them to. I would have left them openly to c her, but. sparedher from the clai·s of my t many dear relatives by bequeathing them to a you, to be passed on." t Only a few minutes bck I was glorying 1( in the find; now it had passed from me. b Did my fair visitor, when she gave that t ejaculation of admiration, know that she - was admiring her own property. it Tae hand-writing was certainly that, as far O' as I knew it, of my late friend, as was the d monogram on the note- paper. The da'e, too, CG coincided with the young lady's story. All o seemed fair and above-board; yet there was a m strange suspicion of unreality, or even w more, of false play about the whole affair. w I was certainly placed in an"a'avkward m position. The young lady would expect to hear the contents of the letter. J, as a gentleman, was bound to believe her I tale, and, with those wonderful blue eyes fixed on me, I felt sure that I would be in duced to believe anything. Still I had no mind to part with my bequest, certainly not until I had consulted another's opinion. Yet what was.I to say ? I could not insult her by telling I doubted her statement, with the truth in the shape of the note-paper and hand-writing staring me in the face. Yet again, if:I believed it, what was to prevent me handing over the-money and the jewels.. " The note has disturbed you. May Inot see it I My friend told me that she had Swritten it in my favour; is it so ?" "It cer tainly is. Perhaps, if you read it, you might be able to explain its somewhat puzzling nature," I- replied, handing her the thick a sheet of note-paper, and gazing steadily into r the delicate, refined face, whose only ex 3 pression, as she read, was one of extreme I surprise and bewilderment. S"This is very strange. Why should she leave me all her jewellery, and if so, why in this singular manner ? She must have known me well enovgh. to be aware that [ I should have enjoyed rather than otherwise, the war that would have arisen. It is too incomprehensible I Do you think, Mr. Law, . if it becomes known about this letter, that it will bring all those horrid women round " you?" This was another catastrophe. S"Perhaps" she suggested, "the numer , ous relations not hearing about any jewellery [ left, might, think she divided it amongst friends during her life-time." -"Then it is not necessary-to inform them about this letter." " I interrupted. " Perhaps not. I wish, Mr. Law, I 'could say I was rich enough to disregard this note," she said, with a pretty air of unwill ingness that made me tell her at once, that it was of no conseauence. ' The jewels are more in your line,, after Sall, Miss--I"- ---- " Miss Garlick. How shall I take. them Would your office boy call me a han Ssom ?" " Would it not be better," I asked as I' rang for the boy, " for me to bring them to your home ?" hoping thereby to keep them a little longer in my possession. "It is very kind of you to offer to do so,` but I have no settled home. I am an or phan; my mother and Miss Rush were school fellows, and since I have been left al most alone in the world the latter has been very kind. I shall drive straight to my lodgings in East Melbourne, to leave ,the Jewels, and then I shall do my best to ob. tain a situation as governess on a station. I don't think, Mr. Law, I shall ever be able to thank you sufficiently for the willingness with which you gave up your bequest to me. t " If you care to hear of me at any time, this address will find me," she added, scribbling a few hasty lines on a blank sheet of paper. "Shall I help you to wrap the cases in a parcel ?" I asked, producing a sheet of brown paper, and standing meekly beside the drawer, over which Miss Garlick cast a hasty glance of. inspection. f Receiving her consent to do so, we made a neat parcel of the contents of the drawer, which the office tboy conveyed' to the, hansom, followed by Miss Garlick and myself in attendance. " I certainly was not left long in the enjoy ment of that portion of the legacy,". I re. flected on my return to the office, as I ex ariined the spring preparatory to closing it. " Odd that I should only have discovered it as Miss Garlick discovered me. I wonder if, and when, we shall meet again." CHAPTER III. Ifelt that I had been a fool, or to speak more mildly over hasty, in giving up my be. quest so easily. Yet I knew that if the same thing were to occur again I would act in precisely the same manner. Men are ever weak in the actual presence of beauty, how ever strong their resolutions may be when apart from the siren. Knowing, then, that my conduct was open to censure, I kept the affair strictly' to myself. As even at the time of its occurence there.had seemed a strange unreality about the scene, so in the lapse of a few months, what with my work, and the many funerals I attended, the affair almost faded from my mind. It was re-: called in a simple fashion. Though not a public character myself, by which I mean a member of Parliament or a C.M.G.) My father enjoyed '(?) that privilege, and naturally his friends, to a great extent, were known tdo his family. My queer fancy for attending funerals was discussed amongst them. and very often I found myself trading amongst the M.P.'s in Life's cartoons, mine was an easy countenance to caricature, the prominent feature being unusually large, and, as my friends unfeelingly des'gnated it "hard-a-port," whilst my extreme careful ness in dress, especially in regard to my boots (which in these cartoons mostly re sembled finely executed toothpicks), made it'very easy to guess who the figure was intended to represent. These drawings appeared mostly -after the deaths of some prominent people, and always with a coffia as my inseparable companioii, I wal looking at one of these copies open on the railway stall one afternoon, whilst waiting formy train,'when a shadow came Sbetween me and the paper, and glancing up I saw MIiss Garlick looking intently. at the open page. ." Good afternoon, Miss Garlick," I said promptly. " " Mr. Law, you startled me," she cried with a 'little exclamation of fright, "that Spicture caught my eye,' and the great re semblance, of one figure, though in carica ture-to you, induced me to look more 'closely at it. I did not notice that someone else was doing the same thing." . . "Is it not too bad to make me such 'a fright !" I laughed, feeling all'at- once strangely elated. "It is indeed. Yet it is w6nderfully like you, all the same," she answered; showing her pretty white teeth in an irrepressible smile. ' "Bit why have they mixed you up with funerals and coffins ?'' she queried. . " Have you not heard of my weakness in that line ?" I laughed, and therewith pro ceeded to tell her full particulars, during which trains came and went. IMy'exp'ana-. tion amused her very muehb, and as I ended she said she had something to tell me also. "Since my vist to your office, MIr. Law, a relative of my father's died, and left me £300 per annum, and on the strength of my incoms I have made my will, and have be queathed the jewels back to you;: along with I the £40 in sovereigns. So if you hear of my dying suddenly, d6 not fail to attend my 1 funeral';" she laughed, as we stepped into the railway carriage; and I promised most E heartily to accede to her request. As I left the train at a station before the address she gave me as her stcpping place, she again r reiterated her request. Some few weeks later she was once more brought to my mind, and this time through the obituary columns of the Arguys. Yes! There it was; the death: of E!:za Garlick, at the same address she had given me; and lower:down, the funerl notice for that afternoon. Heavens I Was it really true l That h lovely creature dead I And then there came bacik to me her laughing request to attend her funeral. Could she have had a premoni tion of death even then? Alas I Now that it was too late, I knew that the girl I had a once thought of as an imposter, was most dear to me. Unknown, to myself, she had crept into my heart, as I had discovered' only too late. I did not require to be ad monished, and that day to let my features wear a becoming gravity. They only too i, well reflected the sombre feelings of my h mind. I went to, the house'somewhat earlier than the hour given in tl: papers for friends to attend, hoping to obtain some particulars about the young lady's death, an elderly female servant. with twollen lids and a general air of puffiness, admitted me. In answer to my query was it heart disease, Miss Garlick had suffered from, she answered in strident tones-. "Heart disease 1 Bless me, why the Missis has been suffering these years with paralysis." " Paralysis I Surely not. I saw her. but a few weeks ago on the Hobson's Bay rail way station," I exclaimed in bewilderment. "That's a lie, :too,'" she` answered more strongly than politely. But before I could assure her of the truth of my statement a doer at the end of the passage opened, and a slight figure in a black gown advanced; at the* sight of which I nearly prostrated myself into the indignant servant's arms. " Mr. Law," the apparition said; "it is very kind of you to attend my aunt's funeral. Jane, why do you look so indignant ?" " He's making false statements." " That will do. Mr. Law, will you come with me ?" and I followed into a little sit ting-room, where she explained the mistake, and where, notwithstanding the corpse in the house, I told her of my love, and was made happy for lifd by a similar confession from her.. My minutes of bliss were but few ere the funeral carriages arrived; in one of which I was obliged to take my place. Never did I enjoy anything more than that ceremony; there was nothing to mar my enjoyment. I was engaged to the girl I loved, and I was taking my pleasure in the way that pleased me most. My fiancoe and I often talked over Miss Rush's singular conduct as regarded the jewels, but deep down in my heart I had a feeliog that the old lady had done it with the object of throwing us together. My be trothed confessed to me'that the jewels had been as a 1" white elephant" to her, though she looked upon the money at the time as a regular " God-send." Carefully as my wife and I tried to keep the story, it leaked out, and during a quiet season in politics, the whole appeared in the Herald-the awful Hertald. .Though I had to bear a great amount of chaff, and an unenviable amount of pub licity, I did not mind, for had I not, through that same "short-lived possession," won a partner for life ?" 