The Gift of tho Sea. Tbo dead cldld lay in tho shroud And tiio whlow watched lii'sido ; , . And iter motlu-r ulupt. nnd tho channel swept . Tho galo in thu teeth of tide. But tho -widow lntiRliou nt nil, 1 li&vo; lost my uiau In tho sen. Atwfl th« chtlil is dead. 13c tttill," sho said, PKiau more cnti yo do to mo 7 M And tho widow watchnd tho dead, And tlic cuartJo guttered low, And ehu tried to ring tho 41 Passing Song" That bids the poor soul go. Hnry tiihc you now," sho sang, H Tliiifr Jay ii»i(itibb my heart," And " Kdiy Miioolh you crib to- nlght," But the could not say dypai't" Then enwio a cw from tho son, But the Hun-riino blludod tho glass. And Hoard ye nothing, mother I " said sho " 'Xifl the child that waits to iniss." And the nodding mother sighed. M 'TIh a latnbing ewe in tlm whin, Tor why should thu christened suul cry out, That never knew of sin I " Oli, feet I linvc hold in my band, Oh, hands nt my heart to catch, How should thoy know tho road to go. And how should they lilt tho lutcii 1 " Iljoy laid n sheet nt tho door, \VJlh the little quilt utup That. It miuht net hurt from the cold or tho dirt, But the trying would not Htop. Tho widow lilted tho hitch And strained l»er t yvs to see. Ami ei ei. cd tho door on tho bitter slioro To let the soul go t ree. There was neither glimmer nor ghost, 'J'hoi o was neither spirit nor spark, Ami " Heard ye nothing, mother I " sho said 'Tio crying for mo ia tho dark." And tho noddingmothcr sighed, M 'Tin sorrow nmkcN yo dull, Have yo yet. to burn tho ol'V of tho torn. Or tho wall of tho wind-blown gull I " 41 Tho tonus are blown inland, i he m ay gull folhwvs tho plough. 'Twus never a hird the voice I hoard, Oh. mother, I hear it now ! " 41 JAv pi ill. denr lamh, lie st ill, The child Js passed from harm, "i'i.H the nelicf tn youi- breast tliat broke your rest And 1 lie ad oiim empty arm. fiho put her mother a««lde, Jn MaryV name, lei ho! For the pence t>i my hmU i mtit go," she said, Anu fcliu went to tho calling sou. In Iho heel of the wind-hit pior "Whore the twisted weed who piled, h'lie c nine in the Hie riio had missed by an hour, l,#or >ho enme to u little child. Slip J»ld it in lu-rbrpast At d back in her ne>i3ier riie camo, Urn it v (».'b) j:«'t jVe»l, au'l it would not bond, j Tin \\)|j1i tbc gave il iur own child's name. I And the dead child dropped n hor breast, I A i d bi-rt.wji ihili"sii'Mt. ii - sinrk. i Ai-d irviN' ii.-, nn i n r ' Mie said, 44 AVc b t It )n !>' 1 : . t i. J Xlv -v.M : Tin u:io, in the 44 IlluHtralcd 