STAND FAST, CRAIG ROYSTON I By WILLIAM BLACK. Author of "A Princess of Thule," "Sabina Zembra," "The New Prince Fortunatus," &c.; CHAPTER XIIL THE GXAW1XG FOX. But he was not disheartened by those ominous words of hers, not even on the following morn ing, when he found the little thoroughfare so { strangely silent and empty, and the two windows over the way become vacant and devoid of charm. He had the high courage and impetuous will of youth ; seeing no diffi culties or dangers ahead, he refused to believe in any ; Maisriehad not denied him her love, therefore she must be his wife, and all the future shone fair. And so he set to work on his Mendover lecture; and made good pro gress, even if his thoughts went sometimes flying away down to Brighton. As for the lecture itself—well, perhaps oertain of its con tentions and illustrations would have surprised and even shocked that Communist capitalist, his father; but the young man was accustomed I to think for himself. Yes, this little street was terribly empty, and [ those windows indescribably blank. Ana the room was lonely, work or no work. But as he was standing looking out, cigarette in hand, after his frugal luncheon, a happy inspiration sprung into his head; for here was Hobson, the , husband of the landlady across the way, coming along the pavement; and would it not be a comforting thing to have him in to talk about the two lodgers who had just left ? Vincent opened the window a bit, and said into the street (there was no need to call)— " Hobson!" The man looked up. "Yes, sir." " I want you for a moment" Then Vincent went himself downstairs and opened the door; and here was the shabby genteel ex-builder, obsequiously waiting, with an ^excess of imbecile'amiability in his weak, prominent, nervous eyes. " Come in and have a smoke, Hobson," the young man said. " You must be lonely over there now. Makes a difference, doesn't it ?" "Wonderful, sir, wonderful;" and the docile Hobson obediently followed up the stairs, and accepted a big cigar, and was pre vailed on to draw in a chair to the tire. Vincent took a seat opposite him, and lit another cigarette—quite friendly like, as one might say. " You ve seen a good deal of Mr. Bethune since he came to live m your house!" the young man began, in a sort of tentative and encourag ing way. And Hobson responded with instant enthusiasm, " Ah, yes, indeed, sir, and proud "of the same. A great man, sir—oh, a very great man —and how he came to be where he is, sir, well, that beats me, sir. And that haffable, sir!— if he ave somethink on the table, hell say, 'Hobson, bring two tumblers'—yes, sir— ' Hobson, bring two tumblers'—and I must take a seat, just as kind and condescending as you are, sir. 'Fill your glass, Hobson,' he says, just that haffable like "Oh, I beg your pardon," said Vincent, looking guiltilv towards his vacant sideboard. " The fact is, 1 haven't anything of the kind in these rooms, but I can send out. Which would you like, gin or whisky ?" "Whichever you please," said Hobson, complacently, " being so kind as to think of it, sir. The necessary fluid was soon procured; and Hobson was liberally helped. And when at length hebdgan to expatiate, on the character and the wonderful attainments and abilities Of Maiurie's grandfather,, there may have been a little exaggeration (for gin tends towards exaggeration) in hisspeecji; but his aim and admiration were genuine epoqgh at theeore. He grovelled in the dust before that impressive old man.'' He spoke in almost a breathless Fox- when he went outside again, and made away towards Regent-street, thinking ho would go to a famous shop there, and buy all sorts of pretty things, it gradually.dawned on ■ him that he had undertaken a task entirely" beyond his knowledge. For example, he could purchase any quantity of crimson satin; but now or where was he going to got it mode up into a coverlet, or counterpane, or quilt, or whatever the thing was called! Then sup posing he had the mirror and the lace, who was going to put the lace round the top of the minor!—he could not do that himself. A little set of ornamental bookshelves he could buy certainly; but bow was he going to ask for the bows of ribbon, or the silk drapery, or whatever it was that ought to adorn the brass rods at the head of the bed ? The more he con sidered the matter the more clearly he saw tha he must cousult a woman, and the only woman - he could consult in confidence was his aunt, Mrs. Ellison, who had irow returned, to Brigh ton. And perhaps he . strove to conceal from himself what it was that so easily and naturally drew his thoughts to Brighton; perhaps he was hardly himself aware how this secret hunger of the soul was minute by minute and hour by hour increasing in its demands. Maisrie liad not been so long away; but already he felt that one brief glimpse of her 110 matter at what distance, would be a price less thing. And then again it would not be breaking any compact. He would not seek to go near her, if there was this understanding that these two were for the present separated the one from the other. She would not even know lie was in town. And surely it would be a new and wonderful experience to look at Maisrie from afar off, as if she were a stranger. So instead of going to Begent-Btreet, he went to the nearest post-office and telegraphed to ■ Mrs. Ellison, asking if she could take him in for a day or two.. Then he walked on home .and.by the time he had reached{Jrosvenor plaee thehnswer was there awaiting him; he was .to-go down at once.. He put a few things in his bag; jumped into a hansom and drove to Victona-Btatibnj caught the 4.30 train; and eventually arrived at. Brunswiok-terrace about 6. He guessed that his aunt's afternoon visitors would be gone, and he would have ample opportunity of. a long talk with her before dinner. ' His anticipations proved correct. When he was shown into the big drawing- room—which - looked very snug and warm.∣ its magnifi cence—he found the tall and bright-eyed young - widow in sole possession; and she came for ward to welcome him with great complaisance. " Very sensible of you, Vin. You know I can always make room for you, no matter who is in the house." " If I had gone to a hotel, aunt, you would have made an awful row; and I don't want to - quarrel with you just at present; the fact is I have come to you for advice and' help,"said he. " But first—my congratulations 1 . I was hardly surprised when I got your letter; and I am sure no one can wish you more happiness than I do" 1 " Oh, be quiet," she said; and she took a seat at a little distance from the fire, by the side of a small table, and put a fan between her eyes and the crimson-shaped lamp. " Congratula tions! Well, I suppose there are no fools like old fools. But if grown-up people will play at being children, and amuse themselves by writing things in the sand—did I tell you bow it all happened!—they must take the oonse quences. And I, who used to be so content t Haven't I often told you! Perhaps I boasted' too muoh" " Oh, yes, pretend you regret it 1" said he. " And you talk of your being so old—you!— why what girl of all your acquaintance has half your life and spirit, or half your good looks, either" "Vincent Harris," said she, and she turned < round and faced him, " what do you want ?" He laughed.; " It is a very simple matter, aunt." And then he began to tell her of the little predicament in which he was placed; and to beseech her help. Would she come and choose the things for him? There were plenty of bric-a-brac shops in Brighton ; she would know what was most appropriate—her own house was evidence of her taste. But his ingenious flattery was of no avail. Mrs. Ellison's face grew more and more serious, until at length he exclaimed, " Why, Vin, this is the very madness of in fatuation. And I had been hoping for far other things. I had imagined from the tone of your last letter that perhaps there might be a change—that your eyes had been opened at last. So this is going on just the same as ever?" " It is going on, as you call it, aunt; and is likely to go on—so long as I live." "Then I for one wish to have nothing to do with it," she said, sharply. "And this last proposal is really too audacious. What busi ness have you with the girl's room?—what right have you to go into i> ?" He was rather taken aback for a moment. "Business?—oh, none of course. None whatever—that is to say—oh, yes, I have, though l—I have a perfect right to go into it. The room is not hers. It is mine. I have {laid for it. When she comes back it will be iers ; and where is the harm of her finding it a little prettier?—that is all." "I must say, Vin," she continued, in a very reserved fashion, "that the infatuation of a young man may excuse a good deal; but this is a little—a little too much. Do you con sider it quite nice—quite becoming? A satin counterpane! I wonder what the girl would think herself—if she has any refinement of feeling—if she has any delicacy" His face grew very pale. , "' If she has any refinement of feeling—if ■ she has any delicacy,'" he repeated. Then he rose. " It is useless to say anything further, annt; there is an end this time." But she had risen too. He tried to pass her —and failed; nay, she went to the door, and stood with her back against ifc/and faced him. "No, you shall not go," she said. "Why should there be any dissension?. You are my own dear boy; I would do anything for you— except in this one direction" " Except in this one direction 1" he repeated, scornfully. " Why cannot we remain friends," she said, with appealing eyes, "good and true friends— and agree to leave this one subjeot alone?" "This one subject—that is my life!" he said, vehemently. " What folly you talk. You wish to cut away the very "thing I live for, the very thing that is my life; and to continue your friendship with what remains—a senseless stick or stone. And why? Because of your insensate prejudice, your cruel and baseless suspicions. Why do you talk to me as if I •" were a boy? I have seen twice as much of the world as you have; I have bad better -oppor tunities of learning how to judge strangers. But you—you live in'a narrow groove—you nave your maid to talk to—your acquaintances to cgll in the afternoon—your friends to dinner— and what besides?" That is your world. Whab do you know of the human beings'outside it? Must they alt bo dishonest because they have nob been heard of by your handful of i set? 1 Musb they all be thieves and swindlers because thpy are not in tbefSourt Directory ? ■ But it is little matter. If this subject is debarred, then all is debarred as between you and ma Yon ean go your own-way,.and J mine-. ■ I- did expect, uov ■ way of hie haffability. Why, that a great personage in literature should condescend to read his . Hobson's poor Kttle verses was extraordinary; but that he should give' advice, too, and encouragement, that was over whelming. And as for the young lady—hut here Hobson's language failed niin. With tears in his eyes he declared that she was a hangel of sweetness—wluch did not convey much to Vincent's eager-listening ears. But when he went on to tell about all sorts of little acts of kindness and consideration—when be spoke of her patience with the old gentleman's temper, of her cheerfulness over small dis appointments happening to herself, of her gentleness, and sunniness, and invariable good humour—here he was on more intelligible ground; and his delighted and grateful audience was not slow to press on him another cigar, which was not refused. Indeed, what with so much courtesy shown him, and what with the stimulating influence of the gin and water, Hobson grew valiant; and began to broach wild and iconoclastic theories about filthy lucre, and to describe in dark colours the character of any one—presumably hi9 own wife—who could be so base as to take every farthing of her rent, fortnight after fortnight, from a grand and noble old gentleman and a beautiful young lady both of whom seemed to have known better days. " Do you know how long they are to be away ?" Vincent asked. "Well, sir, the old gentleman, sir, he says perbaps two weeks and perhaps three." " I Bee you've put up a notice that the roo: are to be let." "Yes, sir ; but that ain't much use, not for so short a time, sir." And) here another sudden fancy struck the young man. " But I know how you can get them let," said he. "How, sir?" "You can let them to ma" "law, sir!" There was a doubtful look about Hobson's big, vacuous eyes, being of a poetic and sensi tive nature he did not like jokes, and was sus picious. However, the young gentleman, to judge by his -manner, seemed fair and honest and above board. "I will take them," said Vincent, "until Mr. Bethune and his granddaughter come back. Not to occupy . them myself, you ■■ understand, but I don't want any stranger to be going into those rooms, you see—that is ! all," How kind, sir—how thoughtful!" Hobson : said, in a pathetic way. " That it is to have good, kind friends." " And as the rooms are now mine, I suppose I might go over and look at them—if you will finish up your tumbler?" "Certainly, sir, certainly," Hobson said, jumping to his feet with alacrity, and hastily draining his glass. " They are all tidied up, sir, against the chance of a fodger. And won't the missus be surprised !—for the women, sir, the women, you see, they likes to haggle and bargain, hut with men, sir, begging your par don, sir, it's a word and done !"j Indeed he seemed quite proud of the promptitude with which he had conducted and concluded this negotiation; and it was with an unusual air of authority and importanoe that he led the way upstairs and showed Vinoent into the little parlour, with which be was already abundantly familiar. There were few alterations. The old man's books, Maisrie's music, and similar personal belongings had disappeared; and a hideous purple vase stood for ornament in the middle of the table. - The pallid lithographs were still on the walls; Maisrie's chrysanthemums were out there in the little iron balcony. "Would you like to see the rooms upstairs, sir?" The young man hesitated for a second. "Oh, very well." Hobson led the way up to the next landing ; and there the first door he came to he flung wide open. " The young lady's room, sir." But Vincent did not accept the iini>Iied invi tation. He liung shamefacedly back. "Oh, yes, that's all right," said ha "I 1 only wished to to have itkept for her." And yet ho lingered for another second at the door of this chamber—that seemed so sacred—that seemed to shut him out. He could see the dressing-table, the chest of drawers, the neatly folded bed, the rather dingy window. "Xook here, Hobson," said he, "if I were to get some things to make the room a little more cheerful, I suppose that could be done without [ letting MiBs Betliune know who Bent them? The looking-glass there—you know, that is not the right kma of thing at all; there should be a pretty mirror on the dressing- table, with some lace round the top of it" Then he ventured m half a step or so, and rather timidly looked round. "That one gas-jet can't be half enough, when Miss Bethune is dressing to go out in the evening," he said, complainingly—perhaps to conceal his incomprehensible diffidence and shyness. She must have candles—one on each side of the mirror, for example. And that | screen across the window, why, it is fso com mon ; it ought to be a piece of pale silk to let the light through." He ventured a few inches further, and again looked round. " What do you call that thing?—the coverlet —the counterpane—isn't it? Well, it shouldn't be white, and cold; and cheerless like that; it should be a deep crimson satin—and there should be pretty things at the head of the bed —loops and bows of ribbon—my goodness, what is Mrs. Hobson about ?—a young lady's room shouldn't be like a cell in a prison." "Law, sir, I'm verysoiTy," Hobson said, in a bewildered way. A crimson satin coverlet sounded a grand thing; but it also meant a heap of money. i " But come away out and I will talk to you," Vincent said, just as if they were in a'mys- 1 teriously sacred shrine, where the talking of business affairs was a Bort of profanation. Or perhaps he resented the intrusion of the j amiable but gin-odorous Hobson? At all events, he did not resume the conversation j until they were both downstairs again in the I parlour. | ■ "You understand, then," he said, and there was no more timidity about his speech now, I "I am willing to get a number of things for the room, and to make you and Mrs. Hobson a present of tliein, on the distinct condition that Miss 'Bethune is kept in absolute igno rance how they came there. One word to her and out they come again, every rag and stick. 1 Why, you can easily invent excuses. You can tell them you took the opportunity of their absence to brighten up the place a bit. It is nTvour own interest to keep the rooms smart; I it doesn't imply any favour conferred on your j lodgers. Don't you see ?" '• Yes, sir. Very kind of you, sir, indeed," said Hobson, who seemed a little confused. " And what aid you want me to do?" . ."Do?. I want you to do nothing, and I want you to say nothing. Don't you under stand ? I am going to Bend in a few things to smarten up that room; and tliey are yours bo long. as not any one of you hints to Miss Bethune where tbey -came from. lent that j simple enough ?" ■ A But far less simple was his own part to this ] transaction, as he was speedily to discover. that you have your own happiness secured, you I might show some little generosity, some little ' i it is different; and I will sympathy; but I see i . not allow one who'is dearer to me than all the ■world to be treated with such enmity, while I am supposed to stand by and accept it as a | natural condition of affairs. I do not; I have -had enough; so here is an end, as between you and mc J and X hope you will have more -happiness than you seem to wish for other people." , . . Well, Mrs. Ellison was not used to giving way; but she was very fond of this proud and handsome boy; and she gave just one sob, and tears gathered in her eyes. 'You are not very kind, Yin, shesaid. And what marvellous thing was this that instantaneously smote his heart? Why, Mais rie had made use of this very expression on the preceding afternoon. And all of a sudden he seemed to recognise that his adversary here | -was a woman; she was akin to his beloved— and therefore to be treated gently; Maisrie's voice and eyes seemed to be_pleading for her, -surely that was enough? He hesitated for a moment, then he said— " Very well, let it be as you wish. We shall see how we get on with the one thing that is of more importance to me than anything else shut out from mention. But I must Bay this to you, 1 aunt, I do not see I am doing anything that the luost fastidious person can object to if I put a few pretty things into the room of the girl who is to be my wife." " How do you know that she is to be your • wife, Vin ?" she said, rather sadly. "I know," he made answer. " My poor bov 1" she said, and then she took : liim by the hand and led him back to the little table at which they had been sitting; and there they had some further conversation about ■ more or less indifferent things, with the one all-important subject carefully avoided. And \- then it was time for them to go away and dress for dinner. . j Lord Musselburgh dined with them that evening, and remained some time after the other guests had gone. To Vincent it seemed \- a puzzling thing that two betrothed people should make so merry. They appeared so well content with their present estate; they were so assured as to the future; no anxieties; no conflicting hopes and fears; they were in the happiest mood. Next morning, too, Lord ' Musselburgh again made his appearance, and the three of them went out for a stroll along . the promenade. All the world was shining : fair and clear; Mrs. Ellison was looking her best, and seemed to know it; her fiance was in a gay humour. ■ Why, they were almost like the "lover and his lass," of whom Thomas Morley sang nigh three hundred years ago— those " pretty country folks" who lived m a perpetual spring-time, with birds singing hey ding-a-ding-a-ding to them through all the jocund hours. Ihe tall and elegant young 1 widow blushed and laughed like a maid ; her eyes were sarcastic, playful, amused, according to her varying mood; the sunlight touched her pretty brown hair. There was, indeed, a sort of audacity of comeliness about her that set Vincent thinking of a very different kind of beauty—the beauty that seemed to be dowered with a divine and angelic sadness. He was walking with these two; but he did not take part in their frolic talk ; nor did he pay much attention to the crowd of people, the butterflies of fashion, who had come out into the pleasant sunshine. He seemed to see before him a face that,* with all its youtbl and its touch of colour, and itB grace of outline, was strangely pensive and wistful. And again . he asked himself, as many a time he had asked himself, what that expression meant—whether it had been brought there by experience of the . many vicissitudes of life, or by loneliness, or whether it was not something more tragic still —the shadow of an impending fata There was more than that he oould not understand ; her curious resignation, her hopelessness as to the future, her wish to get away. And what was it she had concealed from him? And why had she deolared she could not ever be his wife ? | "You are very silent, Vin," his fair neigh bour said, turning her merry eyes towards him at lost. "Here is Lord Musselburgh declaring that if he were a Jew he would turn 1 dentist, to have it out with the Christians for ' what they did in the Middle Ages. A horrid revenge, wouldn't it be?—and so mean—und-v pretence of affording relief. Oh, look at th it ; girl over there—I do believe the ruff is comi lg j back—we shall all be Elizabethans by-ani by." "But what business had women ever with ruffs?" Lonl Musselburgh interposed. "Why, when the dandies and bucks of Henry VIII. 's time began to make themselves splendid by puffing themselves out round the neck, of course it was in imitation of the stag—as the stag beoomes when he is supposed to captivate the fancy of the hinds; but you don't find the binds with any similar adornments. Such things are proper to males; why should \- women try to look magnificent round the back of the neck ? Why should a hen covet a cocks ■ comb! It's all wrong—it's against natural laws." " Natural laws in a milliner's shop !" _ she said. " Oh, do look at those two Italian girls; what English peasant-girls could choose colour like that V I should like to speak to thorn—for a moment." Lord Musselburgh did not reem inclined to interfere. "I dare say they may have been lorm enough in England," said he, " to have picked up a little of the Italian that English ladies speak. You may try them." "In any case they can only laugh at me— and then they'll show their pretty teeth." But she refrained; for at this moment one of the girls began to play a few bars of Funiculi funicula evidently as an introduction to the singing of her companion; whereupon Lord Musselburgh proposed that Mrs. Ellison should cross over to look at the .windows of one or two jewellers' shop—in which both of them happened to be much interested just at this time. The morning went by, and Vincent had caught no glimpse of Maisrie Bethune or her grandfather ; but indeed he had not expected that; the old man would be busy with his \- books, and it .was not likely that Maisrie would come wandering by herself through this fashionable throng. When at last the three friends got back to Brunswick-terrace, it was close on luncheon-time; though here Mrs. Ellison was much surprised to leara that Lord Musselburgh had engaged Vincent to luuch with hun at the Bedford Hotel." " What's the matter?" Bald she. "Business ' or billiards?" " Neither, "^her fiance made answer, " I only wanted to give you a little holiday, for an hour or two." "Not longer, then," she said. "Fori am going out driving at 3, and I shall expect you Soon the two yonng men were seated at a little window-table in the spacious and cheerful coffee-room; and again Vinoent was struok by the eminently practical manner in whioh his ■ companion spoke of his forthcoming marriage. It was going to be, he frankly intimated, a very useful arrangement for both Mrs. Elison and himself; and their combined fortunes .. would enable them to do what hitherto had been impossible for either of them. Mrs. Ellison was fond of society; he had always looked forward to the formation of a political salon when once he got married; and now he thought he oould afford to have a much bigger house, which would be necessary for that pur pose than his present one in Piocadilly. His place at Mendover had not been properly looked afterof late; there would have to be some expenditure there; the chief reception-rooms wanted a thorough over- hauling; and a wife's supervision would supplement the advice of a professional decorator. Then there were spe culatious as to'whether he, Musselburgh, ought to accept office—some subsidiary office, of course, as befiting his years—when his party came into power again. You see, Vin Harris was being consulted now as if he were a friend of the family. But as for Vincent's own affairs —not a word. Lord Musselburgh had received a hint; and he was discretion itself. And yet if ever in. his life the younger of those two friends had need of a confidant, it was that afternoon; for something had hap pened that seemed to strike at the very roots of his being. When it was about time for them to go along to keep their appointment with Mrs. Ellison, Vincent was standing in the hall of the hotel waiting for Lord Musselburgh, who had gone upstairs to his room; and he was idly looking out upon the passing crowd. Idly ana absently; there was no one there to in terest him; very different it would be (he was saying to himself) towards C or 7 o'clock, when perhaps Maisrie and her grandfather would come out for a stroll before going to dine at one of the restaurants. At present he had no sort j of concern with all those people who went driving and walking past in the dull sunshine of this wintry afternoon. It was a pretty show, and that was all. But on a sudden his heart stood still, and his startled vision beheld what seemed incredible, and yet was there, and actual, and beyond any doubt. Ere he was aware, a vehicle had driven by—a tall dog-cart, with two figures in front and one behind ; but another glance revealed to him that the one behind was old George Bothune. Who could mistake at any distance the powerful and striking head, the Bhaggy eyebrows, the flowing white hair? And the I two in front?—one was a young man, to Vin cent unknown; the other—a terrible misgiving told him that was Maisrie, though they were now some way off. What did it all mean ? He j had never heard of their knowing anyone in Brighton. They had come down for seclusion, for work; yet here they were in the midst of the fashionable crowd; and a young man—a stranger—was making ostentatious display of his acquaintance with them. A thousand wild surmises, the offspring of a very madness of jealousy, sprang into the brain. Why had the old man so clearly intimated to him that he was not wanted—that they wished to go to Brighton by themselves ? And who was this person who was making such open parade of his intimacy with them ? Alas! there was no answer to these burning and bewildering questions; and he stood there breathless, alarmed, yet not daring to ask the cause of his alarm. Lord Musselburgh came along the hall. "Sorry to have kept you waiting, Vin" "Oh, don't mind that," the young man said, striving to conceal his agitation. "The fact is—I—1 don't think I will go driving this afternoon. Will you make my excuses to my aunt ?" "What's the matter?" said Musselburgh, regarding him. " You look as if you had seen a ghost or a creditor. What is it, man ?" "Nevermind—nevermind—it is nothing?" Vin said, hastily. " I will see you later on. Will you make my excuses—thanks!" The hall porter swung the door open, and before his astonished companion could remon strate, he had passed out aud down the stone steps. He crossed over, to lose himself in the ; throng on the opposite promenade. The dog 1 cart would be coming by again. He would see ; who this new friend was. Could he not hide i somewhere? he felt like a spy, like a i traitor, with all those dire imaginings surging | through his brain. And sudden wrath, too. I He would demand to know by what right any I stranger was allowed to make Maisrie Bethune so conspicuous. Why, it was too public!—it ! was a boast—and hardly decent, either. Ought not respect for age and white hair to have placed the old man in front, instead of inviting all the world to witness the flattering of a young girl ? And as for Maisrie—well, even in his wildest and blackest surmises he could think no serious barm of Maisrie; but slie was too yielding; she was too generous with her favours; sue ought to make distinctions; she ought not to permit this great, idle crowd to draw false conclusions. It was ill done of her —behind his back. Had she so soon forgotten ! that he had pledged his life to her not so very , many hours ago? I By-and-by he knew rather than saw that they were returning. He was on the seaward side i of the road; there were a good many people '• passing to and fro; moreover, he was partly ; concealed by an open fly that stood close to the railings. The tall dog-cart came swiftly along. An unprejudiced spectator would have said that the young man who was driving was ! rather c —J ' *■' :-' ler a good-looking young fellow, of the pink and white type, with a small yellow moustache carefully waxed at the endsj and clear grey , eyes. He wore a buff-coloured coat, with a j velvet collar of similar hue; he had a flower in his buttonhole. Then, again, his turn-out was faultless—a ueatly appointed cart—a beau tifill, high-stepping roan. All this was visible at a glance. But it was on Maisrie Bethune that Vin cent's gaze was bent; and as she drew near, his heart was smitten at once with remorse and with gratitude. Had he expected, then, that she would be smirking and smiling and coquet ting with this new acquaintance ? On the con trary, Maisrie sate there grave and silent and reserved. Her eyes were neither observant nor conscious; once or twice tlicy were turned to t wards the sea. To Vincent she seemed so | distinguished-looking, so refined, and noble, and self-possessed, as contrasted with that fresh-complexioned country clown who had the monstrous audacity to claim her as his com panion. Then, as the dog-cart went by, he caught sight of George Bethune. He was sitting rather sideways to permit of his addressing an occasional remark to the young gentleman who was driving. No doubt that was why Maisrie was allowed to remain silent. Perhaps she was thinking—of someone whom she thought to bo far away ? Strangely enough, as soon as they had dis appeared from view, his doubts aud imaginings grew black again. For a moment that vision of Maisrie's sweet face had charmed him out of himself; but now these hideous questions rushed back upou him, demanding an answer where there was no answer. He did not attempt to reason himself out of this paroxysm of jealousy ; that would have been useless; he could but submit to tbiB gnawing torture of anxiety and suspense while walking up and down, and waiting, and fearing to find them ooming within sight once more. They did not return. Shortly after 4 the dusk began to fall; by half-past 5 black night had enveloped sky and sea, and the town was all ablaze with golden stars. There were hardly any carriages now; the people had betaken themselves to the other side of the road to look in at the glaring shop windows on their way home. Vincent found himself more alone than ever, and knew not what to do or which way to turn. In his present frame of inind be dared not go near tbe bouse in Brunswick terrace ; be could not submit to cross-examining eves. It would drive bim mad to talk while those rankling conjectures were busy at his heart. He wanted to see Maisrie again; and yet dreaded to see her, lest he should find her once more in the society of that man. But about half-past 6 his aimless perambula tions of the street became circumscribed. He drew nearer to the neighbourhood of the res taurants. If old George Bethune had brought bis London habits down with him, as many people did, would not he soon make his appear ance along with his granddaughter? Here in East-street, for _ example, were cafes, both French and Italian, where they could have a foreign dinner if they choose. Would he ven ture to address them? Would he confess he had seen them, driving—in the hope they might volunteer information for which he dared not ask? He could not tell. His brain was in a bewilderment of anxiety and unreasoning misery; and this grew worse, indeed, as the slow minutes went by, and there was no sign of the two figures for whom he was so eagerly watching. And then a sickening thought ocourred to him. What if those two had been invited to dine at a hotel by the country clod—by the young man from the plough—by the rustic dandy with the velvet collar? At the Old Ship, most likely—a private room—a profusion of flowers—plenty of cham pagne— Hodge Junior gay and festive. Cigarettes between the courses—Arry having learnt so much from the cheap society journals; and will not Miss Bethune be persuaded to join ? Ah, well, perhaps after dinner, when the liqueurs come to be handed round. There is a piano in the room. Will Miss Bethune oblige with an accompaniment? Here is a smart little thing—" Kiss me on the sly, Johnnie!"—the latest draw at the music halls. . . . , Seven by the big clock over the stationer's shop, and still no sign of them. Clearly they were not coming to any restaurant hereabouts. So at length he left East-street, and went down to the KingVroad, and wandered slowly along, glancing furtively into this or that hotel—especially where some ooffee-room window happened to have been left with the blind up. It was a vain quest, and be was aware of it; but something, he knew not what, drew him on. And meanwhile his mind was busy with pictures—of a private room, and flowers, and three figures seated at table. Anh well! mcin Litbchcn war die Brant! At a quarter to 8 Lord Musselburgh was shown into Mrs. Ellison's drawing-room. "Haven't you seen anything of Viu?" she said, with astonished eyes. "No—nor you?" "Nothing at all—and now lie wont have time to dress for dinner." " I shouldn't wonder if bo did not turn up for dinner," Musselburgh said. "Something very peculiar happened to him to-day—I could not precisely gather what—but he was obviously upsec. "Yes," said Mis. Ellison, and her face was graver than its wont. " Something has indeed happened to hhn to-day—though he himself is not aware of it as yet." She went to a little cabinet, and took from it two letters. "I thought you ought to see both of these," said she. " One is from my brother-in-law ; I got it just a minute or two after jou left. The other is my answer. I will have it posted as soon as you have read it." He took the first letter, which was from Vincent's father, and read it carefully through, without a word of comment. Then he took the other, which ran as follows :— . " Dear Harland—It is very terrible; but I half suspected as much ; and terrible as it is there is nothing to be done but to tell Vin the whole truth, and at once. Telegraph for him to-morrow morning on business of importance; if he wants to come down again I shall be ready with such consolation as I can think of. I fancy from one or two things that those people are here in Brighton just now—all the more reason why you should summon him home at once. Poor boy, it will be a sad awakening. But he is young; he will get over it; and per haps be none the worse in the end for this cruel experience of the deceit and wickedness of the world. Let me know how he takes it. " Yours affectionately, " Madge." No, Vincent did not come in to dinner that evening. He was still walking up and dowu the Kings'-road, glancing now and again, hut with a sort of hopelessness, at any little group of people that might apjiear at the hall- door of this or that hotel; and all the while there was a fire eating at his heart. 