THEATRICAL GOSSIP. — Theatre Koyal. " Flyiug Scud/' —PnnceBs' Theatre. "David Garrick." — liij au Theatre. Sbo Stoops to Conquer." -Opera House. "Boccaccio." —Alexandra Theatre. " Tbe Private Secretary-" —Yic'crii Hall. Tbo U.S. Mmetrelp. —Waxworks and Musoum. A Host of Novelties. -*•Cyolcrama. battle of Waterloo. —lMvtion of Tommy ITu-isou'e crowd arrived from Hou^ Koug duricg tlie woek. —'Fun on tho Bristol" O'P.ricu-Slnnidan is to play a season in Adolaidu. Melbourne to follow. — Tho Harvey Bro°., a recently arrived American musical team, are in Melbourne disengaged. —Cnuard is doing fairly wit 1 ! tbo "Ampliitrite," " Mag* uotic Lady ' and other curiosities in Adelaide. —•MUh Alice l'iflyerhaa beou distinguishing linrself iu conntciion witb Grattatj Hiff^s' AdtOaido Company. —Trauk Clark, Elwood aud others Ij^vo beeu putting m tiuie at (Jamcr's Kooms, Adclaidt*. Friday night saw a UoneHt to Frank M. — Kyrle liillew had a uarrov escape on a St. Kilda train tho o* her day. As it wis bs was thrown hoad foremost into some St. Kilda mud. —Mise M ly Yohe (lat^ of Clark's BoUou Id«ial Company) is back agiiu in'il-^rici. dgosn't spiiak very highly of hor Aus-ralUu experiences. —Iiartnsfon's Circus is doiu? well in tho South Australian provinces WasbiiiRtMi Solly, «heaq«nt, haB won a reputation of being a regular " hard grafter." —John F. Slmridan and liis Fun- on-the-l^riBtolorH opened last ui«ht in Adnlaidp. Tbo Widder ie gcttinR ft reBt, aud the compauy will go iu for "Uucie Tommiug" for a time. —Groat preparations are hein^ made at tbe Alexandra for tbo Hlaud Ilolt Beasou. AVe prophecy that H.H., Efq., will make a pot nf ujouoy at this egtablisbmeut—a record topper in fact. —" Q."—Yos, ouco upou a time prompters were known in Australian theatres. Tbe office is being abolished. Assistant stage mauager is tbe fashion now-a-davs, deali boy ! Promptab is so d em mod vulgar, don'tcberknov! — •'Little" 1'ago (Mr. J. \V ) eeuds out a batch of newspapers from Liondou. This Rentlem&u; not such a long time sgo was playing iu Melbourne with liigooJd e Company. Tho homo Press ia loud in i'e praise of Mr. Page's etforts. —Tbe Lynch Family Hellringera returned to Melbourne last Tbursrlay Irom an extended tour through South Australia, which proved to bo one of the most successful over known in that colony. The Company pbortly proceed on a visit to New South Wales and Queensland. —Tbo provincial papers (Wagga, etc.) speak in tbo very highest terms of Mi66 Julia Beaumont, who, not only as a vocalist, but as ant-xcelleut actress, is doing splendid work iu connection witb Martin StiDonseu'B Opera Company. —Dan Barry and Company opened in Colac (tbe Co. lacks oothing) on Tuesday night. Johnny O'Neill is witb tiie combination; Miss Fio Hastings, a Houbretto lately arrived from the South African diamond fields, is also in the company. — Amougst, tbe many now appearing every Saturday night at the People's Concerts, one of tho most popular performers is Mrs. Horace Bent, whose ballade and scrio-couuc contributions are greatly appreciated by the large audiences. —Tbe Payne Family of Musicians at latest were die* coursing sweet music at Wychyproof. This company appear to have be^n particularly successful in tbe couutry, the whole of the provincial papers on tbe liue of march speakiug iu tbe highest terms auont tbeir performances. —Harry AUnutt, tbo comic vocalist, ia now reviving " Hobiusou Crusoe," of which, by-the-way, be has been making a big thing of at some of our suburban " smoke night'' coucert-ejand on Tuesday uigbt last, at the Mutual Store's entertainment, be received a treble encore. Good boy, Harry. —Amongst the elite who attended one of our principal theatres Old Kuglaud's nobility was represented by Lady Muuro. She'd beou picuicing, as U6U&1, and took her feat in high spirits. As proceedings progressed she became festive, aud eventually received ber walkingticket—being led out. —Overtures have been made to us to allow tbe playbills of all tbe metropolitan theatres and music-halls for nest Tuesday week to be printed on Punch's Socialilifs, for distribution among The audiences. The figure offered us is tbo highest kuown ; but, from charitable motives, buvft declined. It would not be fair to the profession. Witb Suriahiirfi ,in tbfir baud?, pluyg'-ers would forgot that there was a show in tbe vicinity'. —Simonsen's Opera Co., built as follows, is touring the proviucep;—Missi'p lilsa May, Beaumont, De Vpre, filorto'i, Urooks. Emma James, Grey, Norris, MfEsr6. Jules Simouseu ("the star tenor of Australia"), Percy Shannon {tho popular baritone) Wentworib, Horb. SaliDger, H«ynolde,Keed, Ijear. a " Mr. Char)e6 HolJoway," Harmeyer. Keith and the on'y Martin Bimonson. Mies May and Miss Heauusont, together with Mr. Sbanuon, are particularly well epekeu of. —A Melbourne journal of lasi Saturday says; —" That realistic drama illustrative of tbe struggle between capital and labour, 1 Master and Man,' will bn put ou the b nurd a by Mr. Hland Holt at tbe Alexandra Theatre th e even 7i0. Collabora'eurti like Pettitt aud Sims—the ono with bis constructive genius, tbe otberwitb literary cifts and buinau s.vmpathus—are & guarantee of something that will appeal to wide appreciation." Now for "constructive gouius" and "other library gifis" we must award the gold medal to tbe Evening Standard inau. Hland Holt and bis popular company 6tat£ on Saturday nvxi. —lie "Paul Jones.—"lioni, I shall make a loblolly boy of you." Pierre.—No, you wou't. 1 shall go and be a rftilway porter; then Lcau be as cheeky as I like." After this is it to be wondered that tlierc is an ominouB indecision amongst porters ae to Leitcb's chance of liviag long, when bo appears on a railway platform ? At sight of bim on Sunday moruing there was a hasty whipping up of porters. "This is where you come in," was tho cry. as he was buudlud into a musty, mouldy smoking carrmgo, of tbo wron« train. At uigbt, when be reappeared, there was a snatchiug up of lamps; but Leitcb still lives. —Wo extract the followiug very flattering report of tlie Hugo Miustrels from tbe Warragul Guardian ;— "Tho well-known Hugo JJutftilo Minstrels played two nights' season to bumper bouses ou Saturday and Monday evenings Mi6s Priscilla Verne acted as interlocutress, tbe roEpective rotra of Hones and Tambo being carried out by J. Davis and C. Hugo in tbeir usual defective style. Tbo ballad singing throughout was well received. ' Kathleen, my Darling,' as sung by Alf. Hazlewood, was specially appreciated, while Miss Verne in her Irish melody brought down the bouse. ' 1 was in It," by J. Davifi, thoroughly led rbe audience to believe he bad been there. Miss Lillie Warren s ' Tbe Bong that reached my Heart:' was loudly applauded." —'" Flans the Hoatman ' is now being played with great Hucceee in America by Mr. Arnold, Liitio May Hanuan aud a stroug company. News of Mr. CUariOR Palmer's production or tbo play at the Sydney Opera House beiug wafted &cro68; tbe oc an blue to Mr. Aruold be writes £2ud April from the Grand Hotel, CiucinuatU*. It appears from uiiat is nowstrtted that Mr. Arnold Jet tbe play for certain towns in Australia to Meters. Leake and Huest-l! Crawford on a royalty, and that on the lapse of tbe agreement no one u 'S any right to stage the piece iu auy part of the Australian colonies. Mr. Aruold has instructed bis agent iu Rydney to warn theatrical managers and lessees that tlie play is duly protected by copyright. ToDaukf.n (iftKV Hair.—Txrkyer'sSulphnr Hair Rcstc-cr U ilie fj-iifhe? , hj'-i. bu<] clieipr-it. Lnr^i- Jwttlc, In, fni. JiV<TJUllOf«'. —The Cbicf CominiseioLorof Polico hasbebUfurnished witb a report from Superintendent Badlier respectiDc an aFfiertion recently made by "Baby Nicholls'" pa to tho effect that bis daughter was made a " marked child " by tho police. Superintendent Sadlier denies this statement, and stairs tbat action has only been taken against 1 Haby" in common with all other children of tender years who have " struttel and fretted" at the other side of tbe footlights on the staga after 9 o'clock at night. Ha mentions several instances where the managers desisted from employing very young children on being cautioned by tbe police. With regard to Sin net. tbo lad who appeared in tbe " Silver King," at tbe Theatre ltov&| a short time l ack, a sumiuone has been jsfuoA egaiDet the lessees of tbe theatre, and tbe case is to come before the Court on 7th July. —Travers-Vale and bis spocially-organised dramatic company inaugurate tbeir New Zealand season at Abboti'd Op°ra House, Auckland, 2ud August, with Vr. Valo's latest militarv and jpectacular production, "The* Canuon s Mouth." The drama has achieved a diBtinct Eucce&s; wl.erover ]>roduced, aud with a capable company, powerful sccnic effects &c.;, should prove a good orc:>ing for the season- Jn addition io several of bia well-known plays, tho initial productions of "Gohfco Hearts,' " s rolling p]a>ers" and "Under tbe liritieh FlHg'' will take place. Theiefore the Maorilanders uiay iook forward to & list of novelties. All the principal towns will be visited aud the company will play Hcb&rt; fl.ud Lnuuce&tou; rouic lor Melbourne. Mr. Travers- Vole deserves success for bis energy and talent, which we hope will greet the young Australian author everywboio on bis extended tour. —Wehave received tbo followiug:—"!28tb June, 3R<;if)._ Tbo Rditor Mi'i.noiutNK Punch.—Sir,—Witb referenc-Jto tbe report (hat appeared iu tbe Geelong paperEaurfi? tbe so-called 'St. George'b Hall Minstrels Company,' aud which is calculated to do ne a forious injury in the future, will you with your usual generosity allow tue& brief explanation. When spoken to by Mr.Tait.we wore led to believe tbat bo bad around bim a fiist-ciass company. This he distinctly told us, and with tbe liitle time at my disposal, even did I -want to. I could not have instituted <tuy enquiries. Of the perforir&nces; of mj&elf; and brother 1 di6tretosay nothing. We have always received great favour by both metropolitan and provincial audience?. As you have doubtless seen the local pipt-rs, X ask you to kindly bear our cide of the story, for, Sir,I atEureyou tbat bad we known as much of tne company hifore we went as we do now, neither myself or brother would have engaged.—Thanking you in anticinaiinu, yours very truly, KingBley Hrothers, bicycle artiste." ^—What's iu a name? A writ(r recently in Barjycr'B Magazine told a story of Shakespeare's "Hamlet' beirg performed at Newcastle. Pennsylvania, in the yoariBM, under tbe elaborate title of "The Grave Durst, orlthe Ghost's Piteous Tale of Horror, by W. Sbak<speare, 2i!sq." Tbe title was supposed to be more taking wiih that particular town than tbe usr.altitJe of ''Hamlet." Thia, however, is certainly beaten bv the following, which occurred in our owu Daylesfonl, Victoria, in tbe year 1S5G. The diggings iu that town were at the period most prosperous, aud a company started from Melbourne to appear at the Dayletfird Tbeatro in Shakespeare's "Hamlet,' 1 which bad beon largely advertised, but at uigbt. alas.' tbe theatre was nearly empty. The manager, wiio himself played Hamlet, was equal to the occasion, p.nd at once anucuuced that the company wonld appear the next night iu an entirely new and original play, entitled "Tbe Prince, the Ghost, and the Gravedipger.' Tbe theatre was full, and not oue ot the large audience knew that tboy bad witnessed Shakespeare's^ragedy of " Hamlet" Daylesford to-day is a thiivlng town, witb churches 'and chapels, and a S'.ato school holding one thousand,'so that wo f*ar that this barefaced swindle in thus changing t'.e name would not now answer. — The individual who elingB ink for the Age ought to "slingit" after this. Here it is. The italics arc our own: —" A dramatic and musical entertainment iu aid of the survivors of tbe Dutaclava, Charge was held yesterday oveniug in tbe llichoiond Town Hall. Unfortunately for tbe success of the benefit tbe weather was wot and stormy, aud the audience by no means came up to expectations. The ' bouse,' however, made up in enthusiasm what it lacked in numbers, and the programme, which, for an amateur entertainment, wa-» really excellent, raeeed off with every demonstration of favour. Tbe bill opened witb the favourite comedietta, 'The Hajipy Pair* avd wasmutaincd by Mr. W. G. Carey. wiio appeared witb Hi&d; 13\. C. Carey in scenes from 'Macbeth' aud ' Hanilot,' and who also gave several recitations, including, of course, 1 The Charge of the Light Brigade,' without which tbe performance could scarcely hava been considered complete. Mr. and Mrs. WjndaB and Miss Winnie WindaB helped to strengthen tbe bill, and altogether the performance must be considered an artistic if not a financial success." Fancy Mr, Carey eustaining ' The Happy Pair"—Mr. and Mrs. Honetou ! Now, as a matter of fact, the comedietta was performed by Mr. and Mrs. Wiudas, who were particularly ftnppy in tbeir parte. Mr. Carey and Mi'bs Carey were excellent and Mies Winnie Windas appears to inherit much of Pa and M«>.b talent "Tbe Charge of tbe Light Hrigade" gave V. G. plenty of opportunities. Need we add that be made tbe most of them ? —A minstrel (?) corjpany visited Geelong the other evening aad was allowed to eEcape unhurt. The local paper says:—"A company announced to come from St. George's Hall, Melbourne, where, as a rule, first-clase performances are given, opened last night at tbe Exhibition Theatre, and before many numbers bad beoa rendered, it became evident that the audience had been brought tbero under false ^rotenccs. The t«embers of the company were hooted at, and hiwtd, for th ir ridiculous attempts to imitate a minstrel comjtany of even ordinary ability, aud eventually they closed this speculative performance with perhaps some £30 or £40 to the good, Whether they will make a second attempt upon the credulity and pockets of tbe public, we cannot say, but tbe indication that we have given of what tbis so called performance of the 'St. George's Hall Minstrel Companv' is, should be sufficent to warn people o/ tbe "uiuwit imposition" that may again be practised on them. The announcements of tbeir coming performances were, we may state, takon from tbe written statements of tbeir manager with a large discount before we published them, as well &s; other recommendations, purporting to be 2)res8 criticisms, which were, possibly, not quite as gtnuine as thc\\) were represented to be. In any case, we do not hesitate to eay.ibat tbis company is a musical fraud, and it it Bhould attempt a secoud performance in this town, it ought to be to empty benches." How on earth the infuriated residents of Geoloug let the crowd depart without scalping is what puzzles ua. The members of the "St. George's Ball Company" are uow on tbe street corners looking like the proverbial maideu, "all forlorn." —"Masteraud Man."—"A masterly work," one critic lias said—with no intention to pun, we hope, having Dr. Johnson's remark iu our mind—and "one which inofit have a salutary and benign tffect on tbe appreciation of its wiineseoB." Meters. Sims and Pettitt have progressed with the timep, aud laboured to produce a drama having roierenco to the present plotbora of strikes which baa lately rivetted the attention of pretty well every portion of tbe globp, and the reBult has been—if tbe united testimony of the tiuglteh Picsa may be believed—the production of a drama of exceedingly clever construction and healiby tone. The present day is what may be termed the regime of melodrama, and the theatre-goer ib for a moment couplusKed in bis attempt to eifc tbe good from the bad—the escellent from the inferior—and be has little else to guide bim than tbe natneB of tho authors. In this case hardly any doubt can seriously exist ou the matter of merit, for MeBsrs. Sims andPettiit have never "succeeded in a failure. 1 ' Mr. BJand Holt is the lucky possoEBor of tho majority of their works, aud on tbis occaf-ion it seems be has secured a trump card iu the ptay, "Master aad Man." He has taken the Alexandra Theatre for a term, and thi6 latest effort on the part of the authors constitutes his initial production, nud it may he as well to mention here that this piece has never been played in Melbourne before, and that Zola or his "Germinal" has nothing to do with it. A strong company has been engaged, among the number beiug some now faces, llehearsals, careful and long, have been conducted day after day during the past fortnight, and for a much longer time than that Sir. Georgo Gordon has been pegging away at the ssenory. Bland himself has been ubiquitous, and has been bached up by his two ouergetic aidw-de-camp—W. H. Beagrave (business manager) and Hariy Norman (assistant stage manager), fo tbat the performance of "Master and Man" on Saturday evoning should be as complote and as euoceaefu} us the popular managor himself could wish. Anyhow, tfti toast success to "Master aud Man.' —The following modest advertisement from a Hock- , 7,Tbrt9liDUBe. It is from Mr. Charles Palmer the Daatman.' Mr. Arnold Gold this right to Mr. Palmer * - !_to use llis (Mr. Arnold) own words—because aa an m-tor be was eati6fled Mr. Paltuer would do justice to the comedy portions of the play; while in the amotian&l; scenes lie expected Mr. Palmer to excel him ; while nfi a ciuner no comparison was desired. Others have tried to iiourtvay this character, only to iail ifiuominiou?!}'. Tlievh&ve; neither the voice, presence, or talent required, or tbe children, dog, or scullery. Ou tile contrary, Mr. Palmer baa all the adjuncts from Mr. Arnold himself, and tin) llonk'janjpton inihlic can judge from his Tony Kauai in ' My Sweetheart' what his Jlans mu-it he like." —From Japan we learn that a welcome break in the weather combined with the announcement ol Hisltoyal Highness the Duke of Communing kindly patronage for !l!0 evening attracted a bumper liouse to tbe Public Hall to witness "the last but two" of Hudson's Surprise Party's entertainments in Yokohama. A capital moorauime had beeu arranged aud Mr. Hudson was agiiu the lion of the evening. and his efforts were eo well Bimreeiaied that for his nDaracter songs and dances in the second half bo was recalled no leas than three successive times. Miss Jjaber's songs were again among the most pleasing features of the programme andslie was eiahuiiastically applauded ou oacli appearance. Misses Ada Clements and Nelly Harlevs duets. Misses Laura ll herts' and Lily Linton's songs and dances, and Mr. Gilbert's efforts as coruormau and in the comic sketches were as great a success as at the previous performances. Th" audieuce ouce more veryemp'iaticsllyBbowad their appreciation of Miss Habgood's piano accompaniments and solo. (This ie, of course, from a local paper.) _Tbo sensational evening penn'orth to a cable of four and a-half lines has no lots than four big b)ack lines. Here's the cable: -' The marriage of Miss Mary Anderson the famous actres", and Mr. Antonio Fernando Navarro do Viana. of York, was celebrated m London to-day." Then follows:—Tbe family of tho Navarros has a distinguished record. It is said that i'edro Navarro, oueof their progenitors, participated in the siege of Grenada, and thereafter accompanio.i Columbus on his second voyage to America, which occurred in 149X Thereafter lie bccame famous, both under Italian and African skies, as a military commander, and was ennobled with the title of Count Pedro Navarro. According to veritable family records tho Navarros thereafter were distinguished by exploits both on sea aud land Antonio Navarro, another courageous member of the family, is said to have defeated Sit Francis Drake at Vera Cruz, and to have tliken part in the reconquest of Florida. His services were rocogm&ed; by Phillip It., aud in 1579 he was made Adttiiral-iu-Cliief of all tbe naval forces in Amorica. Still another ancestor, so it is stated—Juan .lose Navarro—was in command of the Spanish fleet in 3714, and defeated the British men-of-war near Toulon, llis force was so much inferior to the enemy that the flugiish admirals were summoned home, and were compelled to stand trial, lu recognition of this famous victory Navarro was raised to the highest rack of nobility in Spain, and given the title of Marquis de la Victoria. Antouio Navarro was born in IH'IO and is tho eldest son. He was graduated from Columbia College, aud was admitted to the Bar in June, 1SS4 Ho aud his brother have practised law, and tho firm is located at No. 45. Uroadway. It is generally conceded that young Navarro is a very handsome aud wonderfully accomplished young fellow. Why not, whilst about it, publish portraiis of Sir Francis and Christopher Columbus? 