"THE SHIIOT'S STRUCK TUE BOAT, YOUR HONOURS, AND SUNK HER I" An Ocean Tragedy, Be 'V. OLARK RUBSELL. 'CHAPTER XI.-contituted. Trsa, PORTUGUESE BRIG. It 'NEVER behold.two more hideous men. 'heir skins were bogrimed with dirt, and their colour came near to the complexion 'df the negro with sun and weather and neglect of soap; the hair of the seaman that wore the dirty red nightcap fell in snalkeo - like coils upon his back and shoulders, black as tar and shining as grease. He wore thick gold hoops in his ears mrd a faded blue sash round his waidt; ais feet were naked, and for the alike of them it would be necessary to Ihunt the forests of Brazil. The other arna wore a slouched felt hat, a pair of grey trousers jammed into half-Welling ton boots, a jacket confined by a button at the neck, the sleeves thlrown over his back, whilst his dark arms, naked to the elbows, were hairy as a baboon's, with a glimpse to be caught of a most intricate network of gunpowder and Indian ink devices covering the flesh to the very ifinger-nails. This creature had a very Iheavy moustache, backed by a pair of fierce whiskers, with flashing, though blood-shot eyes, like a blot of ink upon a elice of orange- peel. We were in a group at the gangway -when they came sputtering alongside, flinging down their oars and walloping about in the wildest conceivable scramble as they made fast the painter and clawed their way up; and the instant they were or our deck they both let fly at us in a torrent of words, not attempting to dis tinguish amongst us, but both of them addressing first one and then another, all with such mad impetuosity of speech, such smiting of their bosoms, such snap ping of their fingers and convulsive brandishing of their fists, that the irrecog nisablo tongue in which they delivered themselves was rendered the most hope essly confounding language that ever bewildered the ear. It was quite impos sible to gather what they desired to state. First they 'would point to our ensign, then W their brig, then to the long gun upon our forecastle, meanwhile talking with indescribable rapidity. Finn tried to check them; he bawled, "Stop I stop I You no speakee English ?" but they only stared and let drive again the moment he ended his question. "There's no good in all this," said Wilfrid, "we must find out what they want. What the douce is their language, Charles, d'yo know 1 " *"A sort of Portuguese, I imagine," said I; "but a mighty corrupt specimen of that tongue, I should think." " I will try them in French," said he, and approaching the fellow in the red nigtcap he bawled in French, with an ex cellent accent, " What is wrong with your ship 1 What can we do for you 1 " Both men shook their heads and broke out together afresh. It was amazing that they should go on jabbering as though we perfectly understood them when one glance at our faces should have assured them that they might as well have ad dressed the deck on which they stood. " Try 'em in Latin, Wilf," cried I. He addressed a few words to them in that tongue, but his English accent ex tinguished the hint or two they might have found in the words hlie employed had he pronounced them in Soutl: European fashion, and after glaring at him a moment with a deaf face the red-capped man stormed forth again into a passion of speech accompanied by the most incredible gesticulations, pointing to his brig, to our tlag, to the cannon as before, winding up in the delirium of his emotion by flinging his cap down on deck and tearing a hand ful of hair out of his head. Our crew were all on deck and had come shouldering one another aft as far as they durst, where they stood looking on, a grinning, harkening, bowhiskered huddle of faces. I thought it just possible that one of them might understand the lingo of our grimy and astonishing visitors, and suggested as much to Captain Finn. He called out, "Do any of you men follow what these chaps are a-saying 1" A follow responded, "It's Portugee, sir. I can swear to that, though I can't talk in it." "Try them in Italian, Laura," said -Wilfrid. She coloured, and in a very pretty accent that floated to the ear like the soft sounds of a flute after the hoarse, hideous and howling gibberish of the two Degos, as 1 judged them, she asked if tlhey were ortuguese. The eyes of the foellow io the slouched hat flashed to a great grin that disclosed a very cavern of a mouth under his moustaclho widening to his whiskers, and lie nodded violently. She asked again in Italian what they required, but this fell dead. They did not under stand her, but possibly imagining that she could comprehend them they both addressed her at once, raising a most irritating clattering with their tongues. "It looks to me," said Finn, "as if it was a case o' mutiny. Don't see what else can sinnify their constant pointing to that there gun and our flag and then their brig." 1 sent a look at the vessel as hle spoke, and took notice now of a number of heads along the line of the main deck rail, watelsing us in a sort of ducking way, by which I mean to convey a kind of coming and going of those dusky knobs which suggested a very furtive and askant look out. She was not above a quarter of a mile off; the wheel showed plain and the man at it kept hsis face upon us con tinuously, whilst his posture, Liliputianised as he was, betrayed extraordinary ism patience and anxiety. The craft lay aback, the light wind hollowing her sails in-board and her ugly besmcared hull rolling in a manner that I suppose was rendered nauseous to the oyo by her colour, hlir form, her frowsy, ill-cut canvas and her sheathing of sickly hue, foul with slimy weed and squalid attire of repulsive sea growth upon the long and tender lifting and falling of the sparkling blue. There were some white letters under her counter, but though I took a swift peep at them through Finrn's telescope the shadow there and the long slant of the name towards the sternpost rendered the words inde cipherable. The glass showed such heads along the rail as I could fix to be strictly in keeping with the filth and neglect you saw in the brig and with the appearance of the two men aboard of the schooner. Most of them might have passed for negroes. There were indications of ox tremeo agitation amongst them, visible in a sort of fretful flitting, a constant look ing up and around and abaft in the direc tion of the man at the wheel. I thought I would try my hand with the red-capped worthy, and striding up to him I sung out "Capitano 1 " He nodded, striking himself and then pointing to his companion, spoke some word, but I did not understand him. By tlhis trime the crew had come shoving one another a little further aft, so that we now made a fair crowd all about the gangway; every man's attention was fixed upon the two Portuguese. It was so odd an expe rience that it created a sort of licence for the crew, and Finn was satisfied to look on whilst first one and then another of our men addressed the two fellows, striving to coax some meaning out of them by ad dressing them in "pigeon" and other forms of English, according to that odd superstition current amongst seamen that our language is most intelligible to foreigners when spoken in a manner the least intelligible to ourselves. We of the quarterdeck were beginning to grow weary of all this. The hope of being able to pick up news of .the Shark lhad gone out of Wilfrid's mind long ago; the humour, moreover, of the two crea tures' appearance and apparel was now stale to him, and with folded arms he stood apart watching their gesticulations and listening to their jargon-in which it seemed to me they were telling tihe same story over and over and over again-with a tired air and a gloomy brow. I drew Finn apart. " What is the matter with them, think you ? " "I dorn't doubt it's a mutiny, sir." "It looks like it certainly. But how can we hoelp them ? " "We can't help them, sir. The best thing we can do, I think, is to order 'em off. You can see, Mr. Monson, his honour's growing sick of the noise." 1 started suddenly. "Why, Finn, look I " I cried, "see I they hlave trimmed sail on the brig and she is under way I " It was indeed as I had said. Unob served by us, the people of thle vessel had squared the mainyardls and flattened in the headsheots, and there she was away to windward, pushing slowly throughl it with. a brassy wrinkling of water at lher stem, her crew running about her as active as ants, whilst I noticed in thle difference of costume that a new man had replaced the fellow who was at the wheel. "Mind," I shouted, "or by Jupiter they'll run away with the ship and leave this brace of beauties on our hands." A single glance enabled Finn to see hlow it was. In a breath he sprang upon the red-capped man, caught hlim by the collar, twisted his head round in the direc tion of the brig, whilst he yelled in his ear, "Lookee I lookee I your ship go I your ship go; jumpee, jumpee or you loosso ship I " It was not likely that the grimy creature would have met with a ghost of a hint of the truth in the -'lookees" and "jumpees" of friend Finn, but his nose having been slewed in the right direction lie instantly saw for him self. He broke out in a long ringing howl, which I took to be some tremendous sea curse in the Portuguese language, and calling Ihis companion's attention to the brig by striking himl with his clenched fist between the shloulders, and then indicat ing the vessel with both arms outstretched in a melodramatic posture that made one think of Masaniello, he uttered another wild roar that was no doubt a further example of Portuguese bad language, and wont in a sprawl to the gangway followed by his comrade. In a trice they were over the side and in the boat and pulling furiously in the direction of the brig. "Better trimn sail, Captain Finn, so as to lie up for that vessel,' exclaimed Vil frid. " We must see those mnon aboard and the little drama played out, though 'tis vexatiously delaying." It was now blowing a very liglht air of wind, yet theoro was weight enough in it to Ihold steady thle canvas of the Portu guese brig, even to the lifting of her fore sail, lumpish as those cloths were made by the boom that spread the clews, and one saw by the wake of lher that she was stir ring thlrou 'I it at a pace to render the pursuit of tise boat long and possiblylhope less, if the crew refused toback their yards for the two fellows. The boat was a fat, tub-like fabric, apparently heavy for mbr size, and the rowers pulled with such alter nato heat and passion, that though they made the water buzz and foam about the bows, their mnotion was as erratic-first to right, tlhen toleft, then aspasmodic heave round as though tlhey meant to return to us-as thee course of a fly cliembing a pane of glass. The whole picture was therown outstrongand clear by the backgsround of sparklingazurowater melting into a sort of trembling faintness off the hlorizon toabove the heiglst of the brig's masts against the sky, whiche from theoro ran up in a tint of dcepeneing blue till it whitened out into glory round about thse sun. The boat rose snd fell upon the long ocean heave, splasheed wildly forwards by the two rowsers, who again and agfie would tune thecir iealhogeneey-coloured feeces over their sheo-ldors to yell to tie withdrawing vessel. Thee brig's crew stood in us crowd aft watching, most of thesm, as thee glass die closed, in a loafing, lounging posture, their bare arms folded or their hands sunk in their breeches-pockots, whilst one or another occasionally pointed at us or the boat with a theatrical attitude of leaning back as he did so that made one fancy one could hear the laughter or the curses whvlich attended these gestures. On high rustily glittered the amazing old weather cock or dog- vane of the saint in his boat, from which would leap with pendulum regularity a dull flame sunwards, timing a like kind of fire which flashed wet from the dirty yellow and sickly green of the hull, as her side rolled streaming to the noon-tide blaze. " I say, Wilfrid," cried I, "it doesn't seem as if those chaps meant to let that boat approach them. " What's to be donoe'" he exclaimed. I looked at Finn. "If they don't pick those two follows up," said I, "we shall have to do so, that's cocksure. But they are a kind of beauties whose room is better than their company, I think, as the crow would find out when we approached the equinoctial waters." "Ay, sir, cried Finn, "it would never do to have the likes o' them aboard, your honour," addressing Sir Wilfrid. "No, no, the brig must pick 'em up. Dang their cruel hearts! 1 never seed a scurvier trick played at sea in all my days." " But what's to be done l" cried Wilfrid impatiently and irritably. "Could one of our boats overhaul the brig and put the two fellows aboard her 7 " Finn shook his head. "See here, Wilf," said I, "suppose we let slip a blank shot at her out of that eighteen-pounder yonder? The dirty herd of acowbankers may take us to be a span of war. And another idea on top of this ! " cried I, bursting into a laugh. " Is there anything black aboard that we can fly at the masthead ? It should prove a warrant of our honesty that must puzzle them gloriously." "Would a blackshawl do, Mr. Monson?" said Miss Jennings. "The very thing," said I, "if it's big enoughl." She immediately went below. " I think a blank shot's a first class idea," exclaimed Finn, "but as to a black lag-" and he cocked his eye dubiously at the masthead, whilst his face visibly' lengthened. "Why a black flag, Charles?" cried Wilfrid. "Why, my dear Wilf,-the pirate's bunting, you know. The rogues may take us for a picaroon-no telling the persuasive influence of a black banner upon the nerves of such gentry." "NobleI noble?" shouted Wilfrid, slapping his leg: "frighten them, Finn, frighton them. Why, man, they can't be all fools, and some of them at least will very well know that that ensign up there," pointing to the commercial flag atour peak, "is not her Britannic Majesty's red cross. But a black flag- Oh, yes, by all means if we can but muster such a thing. And get that gun loaded, will ye, Finn? get it done at once, I say." The skipper walked hurriedly forward as Miss Laura arrived with a black cash more or crape shawl-I do not recollect the material. We held it open between us. "The very thing," I cried, and full of excitement-for here was something genuine in the way of an incident to break in upon the monotony of a sea trip -I bent the shawl on to the signal hal liards that led from the main-topmast head and sent it aloft in a little ball, ready to break when the gun should be fired. Meanwhile all was bustle forwards. It is a question whether Jack does not love firing off a cannon even better than beating a drum. Miss Jennings walked right aft as far as she could go, holding her fingers in readiness for her ears and saying to me as she passed that sudden noises frightened her. Wilfrid stood alongside of me, glancing with a boyish expression of ex citement and expectation from the seamen congregated round the gun to the little black ball at the masthead. The yacht was slowly overlhauling the brig, but almost imperceptibly. The boat maintained an equidistance betwixt us and was struggling, wabbling and splashing fair in a line with our cutwater and the lee-quarter of the Portuguese craft. The two rvwers ex hibited no signs of exhaustion, though I expected every minute to find one or both of them give up and disappear, dead beaten, in the bottom of their tub. "All readyforward, sir," shouted Finn; "will your honour give us the signal when to fire?" As he sung out the group of seamen hustled backwards from the gun and thinned into meagre lines of spectators at a safe distance. "Fire I " bawled Wilfrid. There was a glance of flame past the bow port, a roar that tingled through the decks into one's very marrow, and the sea turned blind with white smoke, iridescent as a cobweb, over the bows of the Bride. I tugged at the signal halliards, broke my little ball, and the black shawl floated out fair from the masthead, as sinister a piratic symbol as one could have desired and not an atom the less malignant in significance for wanting the old-fashioned embellish ments of tlhe cross-bones and skull. I saw the Jacks forward looking up at the sight with grinning wonderment. However, it was easy to see by their way of laughing, staring and turning to one another, that they twigged the motive of that wild marineo exhibition. I sprang to the peak signal halliards and hauled thoe onsign down for the black flag combined but ill with the Union Jack, and then went to the side to see wlhat the brig was about. Either she did not understand our meaning, or was resolved not to take any hint from us. She hold on doggedly without a touch of the braces or a shift of the henm by the length of a spoke, with her people watching us and the pursuing boat fromn over the taffrail, a cluster of sulplhur-coloured faces, as they looked at that distance, but har monising excellently well, I thought, with the dingy yellow of the canvas rising in ungainly spaces over their heads and the sickly hue of the brig's hull with its shiny, pease-soup-like reflection in the water to the lift of the squalid fabric upon some polished brow of swell. "Wilfrid," cried I, "they don't mean to pick up their boat." "It looks like it," said he, "what's to be done? There's something con foundedly insulting in the rogues' indiffer ence to our gun and colours. " Better consult with Finn," said I. Ho called to the skipper, who came to us from the forecastle. " I say, Finn, whlat are we to do 1 We don't want those two filthy fellows aboard this yacht; and yet, if that brig don't pick them up, we can't of course let them remain adrift here." "Arm a boat's crew," said I; "you have weapons enough below. Take those two fellows out of yonder boat and compel tihe brig to receive them. I'll take chargeo with pleasure if Finn '11 permit." Finn, a slow, sober, steady old merchant sonman, did not seem to see this. Tihe expression of worry made his long face comical with the puzzled twist at tihe corners of his mouth, which looked to be, in his countenance, where most men's noses are situated. "Or," said I, observing him to hang in the wind, "make them really believe that those are the colours we sail under," poisnting to the shawl, "by slapping a round-shot at them in sober earnest, leaving the misslo to take its chance of missing or hitting." "That's it," almost shrieked Wilfrid in his excitement; "yes I that'll save the botheration of boat-lowering and arguefi cation and perhaps blood-shed, by George I Run forward now, Finn, and let fly a round-shot at that ugly brute; hit her if you can, no matter wheore, that they may know we're in earnest, and that they may believe if they don't heave to we shall sink: them. 'No remonstrance, 'Finn, for heaven's sake I Jump, my dear fellow. Dash it, man," hlie cried passionately, with a quite furious gestuire in the direction of thie brig, " that's not tihe bbject of our chase I " Finn, with an air of concern but awed also by Wilfrid's temper and insistence, hurried on to the forecastle. I watched them load the gun a second time, and burst into a lauglh when I saw two fellows rise out of the fore hatch, each of them hugging an eighteen-pound shot to his heart. "Only one ball at a time," shouted Wilfrid, conceiving very likely that they meant to double shot thie gun. "Ay, ay, sir," responded Finn. The crew backed away as before. The stout, whiskered seamen, with a face that made one think of a red apple snugged in a setting of horse-hair, who had previously fired thie gun and who was apparently tihe Bride's gunner, sighted the piece with a deliberateness that made me expect won ders. We all held our breath. I fixed my eye on the brig to observe, if possible, where the shot struck her. Then, crash I Had the cannon been loaded to tihe muzzle tihe blast could not have beeoon more deafening. The thunder of it swept with a thrill, out and away fiercer than the tremble of the first shock, through the deck and was almost immediately followed by a loud and fearful yell from the fore castle. I thought the gun had burst. "Merciful powers ! What has lishp. pened " cried WVilfrid. Captain Finn came bowling aft fast as his legs would travel, shouting as hlie ran. "What is it? what is it? ' my.cousin and I roared out in one voice. " The shot's struck the boat, your honours, and sunk her I" bellowed Finn. I looked, and sure enough where the boat had been there was nothing to be seen but thie violet slope of the swell softly drawing outof the cloud of powder-smoke that was settling in lengthening, glisten ing folds towards the brig I I thought I observed something dark however, and snatching up Finn's telescope from the skylight- top I levelled it and made out the head of the man with the red night cap holding by an oar or bit of wreckage. I shouted out that one of the men was alive in the wator. Thie dismay was uni versal, but there was no disorder, no commotion. By waiting a little the Bride, even as she was heading, would have floated to the spot where that melancholy red beacon was bobbing; but the delay this would have involved was not to be dreamt of. With a smartness that excited my admiration, mnian-of-wars-man as I had been in my time, our largest boat, a six oared fabric, with sour old Crimp in the stern-sheets, was lowered and pulled away with splendid precision in thie direction of the red nightcap. In a few minutes they lhad got thie fellow in-boards; they then hung upon their oars, looking round and round; but the other unfortunate creature, he of the slouched hat and black and flashing eyes, had found a sailor's grave. I sought with the glass over a broad field of water, but could see nothing. Indeed there was not a vestige left of the boat savewhat the red-capped chaphadclungto. "One of them killed I Heaven have mercy upon us," groaned Wilfrid in my ear, and his appearance was full of dreadful constornation. Meanwhile the brig ahead was holding steadfastly on, her crowd of people aft gazing at us as before. I took a view of them; they all held a sort of gaping posture; thero were no dramatic gesticula tions, no eager and derisive turning to one another, no pointing arms and backward leaning attitudes. They hlad as thunder struck an air as can be imagined in a mob of men. What they supposed us to be now after our extermination of the boat and one of the two fellows who had sought our assistance, it was impossible to conjecture. Our boat, that had sped away from us about four times faster than we were moving through thie water, hung, with lifted oars, over the spot where our cannon ball had taken effect until the Bride had slowly surged to within hail; then up stood sour Crimp. "What aren w to dn?" "Have you got both men?" bawled Finn, who perfectly well knew that they hadn't. "No; there was but one to get, and here hoe is," and Crimp pointed into the bottom of the boat. "Put him aboard his ship," cried Finn.. "If they refuse to receive him, find out if there's o'er a one of 'em that can speak English, and then tell them that if they don't take him we shall arm our men and compel 'em to it; and if that don't do we'll keep all on firing into 'em till they follow the road that's been took by their jolly-boat." Iis long face was purple with temper and the effort of shouting, and he turned it upon Wilfrid, who nodded a fierce excited approval, whilst I cried, " That's it, that's it; they must take him." Crimp held up his hand in token of having heard the captain, then seatec'l himself; the oars fell and flashed as the-: rose wet to the sun, every gold-brigi .t blade in a line, and the foam went spinnir .g away from the bows of the little craft " in snow to the magnificent disciplined swo ep of those British muscles. In a jiffy a he was on the brig's quarter, with Crb .np erect in her, gesticulating to the cro .wd who overhung the rail. I kept the t ele scope bearing on them and it seemci I to me that the whole huddle of them jabbered to Crimp all together, an indistinguish able, hubbub, to judge from the extraordi.Jr, r contortions into which every indiv idusa 1 figure flung itself, some of them golng t o the lengths of spinning round in the ir frenzy, whilst others leapt upon tl to rr il and addressed the boatsa crew wiv th u p lifted arms, as though they called ell sot ts of maledictions down upon ourr mc n. This went on for a few minutes, then . I saw the bow-oar fork out his boat-lh ok and drag the boat to the main chlanni Ahs, into wlich, all very expeditiously, two or three brawny pairs of arms lifted. the cd capped man. Then four of our fell ows sprang into the chains, handed the I ittle creature over the rail and let him drol s in boards. They then ro-entered their boat and fell astern of the brig by a few fath ems, holding their station there by a soft p lying of oars, Crimp's notion probably boil ag, as ours was indeed, that the Portuguese crew would presently sond our friend th a red cap to follow his mate. We waited, watching intently. On a sudden I spied the red-cap in the heart of the mob of men that had clustered again near the wheel. His gesticulations were full of remonstrance; his people writhed round about him in the throes of a Portu guese argument, but it seemed to me as I followed their gestures and their way of turning their faces towards us, that their talk was all about our schooner, as though indeed their mutinous passions had been diverted by our cannon-shot in a direction that boded no particular evil to the red capped man. "They'll not hurt the creature, I be lieve," said I. Cqllrtheo'men aboard, Finn," exclaimed Wilfrid, .'and get.the Bride to her course." CHAPTER XII. A BECOND WARUNING. I rAULED down the shawl from the masthead, carefully unbent, folded, and gave it to Miss Jennings, who stood with Wilfrid watching the Portuguese brig. We had hoisted in our boat, and the men were busy about the decks coiling up after having trimmed sail. " Once more heading a fair course for the Shark," said I with a glance at the compass. "Tlhis has been a neat morn ing's work. A few incidents of the kind should make out a lively voyage." " Oh, but it's dreadful to think of that poor man having been drowned I" ex claimed Miss Jennings. "I was watching the boat before time gun was fired. In an instant she vanished. She might have been a phantom. She melted out upon the water as a snowflake would. I pressed my eyes, for I could not believe them at first." "Horrible 1 " exclaimed Wilfrid in a hollow melancholy voice; "what had that miserable creature done that we should take his life? Have we insensibly-in sensibly-courted some curse of heaven upon this yacht? Who was the villain that did it? " Ho wheeled round pas sionately : "Finn- Captain Finn, I say I" he shouted. The captain, who was giving directions to some men in the waist, came aft. "Who was it that fired that shot, Finn 1" cried my cousin in his headlong way, jerking his head as it were at Finn with the question, whilst his arms and legs twitched and twisted as though to an electrio current. "A man named O'Connor, Sir Wil frid," responded Finn. "Did he do it expressly, think you? " "I wouldn't like to say that, your honour. The fellow's a blunderhead. I inquired if there was o'er a man for'ard as could load and sight a cannon, and this chap stanmds up and says that he'd sarved for three years in a privateer and was reckoned the deadest shot out of a crew of ninety men." "Call him aft, said Wilfrid. "If he aimed at .that boat intentionally it's murder-call him aft." He took some impatient strides to and fro with a face that worked like a ship in a seaway with thme conflict of emotions within him, whilst Finn, going a little way forward, sung out for O'Connor. Meanwhile we were rapidly widening the distance between us and tlhe brig. I pro test it was with an honest feeling of relief that I watched her sliding into a toy-like shape with promise of nothing showing presently but some radiant film of her top most canvas in the silver azure that streaked by a Ihand'abreadtlh, as itlooked, the whole girdle of the horizon; for one was never to know but that her people might send the red-capped man adrift for us to pick up or worry us in some other way. Finn arrived, followed by the Irishman who had discharged the gun; his immense black whiskers stood out thick, straight, inflexible as the bristles of a chimney sweep's brush, contrasting very extra ordinarily with the bright apple-red of his cheeks and the blue, Hibernian, seawardly eye that glimmered under a dense black thatch of brow. He stood bolt upright, soldier-fashion, with his arms straight up and down by his side like pump-handles, and fixed an unwinking stare upon who ever addressed him. "You fired that gun, Captain Finn says," exclaimed Wilfrid. "Oi did, your honour." "What made you take aim at the boat? " "Your honour, by the holy eleven, I took aim at the brig. There's something wrong with the pace." "''Wrong with the piece1 What d'ye mean? " "It was cast with a kink, sorr; it dhroops amidships and shoots as Misther Crimp's larboard oye peeps, your honour, tlhough like his oye it manes well." "Non!sense,"I cried, "you must have covered the boat to hit it." "By all that's sacred then," cried the man, ' I had the natost observation of the brig's maintopmasht as ever oye could bring/th omuzzle of a pace to soigLht. The -ginit'is cast with a kink, sorr." "?Aly belief is that you're utterly igno rant of guns," cried Wilfrid. "The con custion was fierce enough to shake the yae' hlit to pieces." "Twasyour honour's design tofroighten 'c n." "But not to murder them, you dolt I" s'aouted Wilfrid. "D'yo know I could I rave you hanged for this " "It was tut a haythlon Portuguay sorr," aniwored the fellow, preservin his ramrod-like posture and his unwinking stare. "Tell him to go forward, Finn; tell him to go forward," cried Wilfrid, "and see that ho never has any more to do with that gun on any account whatever, d'ye understand 7 " The seaman knuckled his forehead and wheeled round, but methought I could jpst catch a glimpse past his whisker of a rludden protrusion of the cheek as though he was signalling with his tongue to a rbrother Jack who was flemish-coiling a rope not very far from where he was standing. The luncheon bell rang and we went below. At table we could talk of nothing but the unhappy Portuguese whom our round-shot had sent to the bottom. Muffin's face of respectful horror was a feature of the time which I recall more vividly than even the disaster itself. This man, though lie was in attendance on Wil frid as a valet, regularly stood behind his master's chair at meals. It was Wilfrid's whim to haveo him at hand. Ho did not offer to wait unless it was to procure any thing my cousin might requiro when the stewards were busy with Miss Jennings and myself, or one or both of them absent. His air of deferential consternation was oxceelingly fine as lie listened to our talk about the annihilated boat and the foun dred foreigner. " Who," said I with a glance at his yellow visage, the shocked expression of which hlie tried to smother by twisting his lips into a sort of shape that nmight pass as a faint obseacquious simper and by keeping his oyolids lowered, "let us trust lya opt in halves, for then his extinction would be painless; for, after all, drowning, though it is reckoned an agreoable death after consciousness has fled, is mortal agony, I take it, whilst the sonsation of suffocation remains." Mdffin's loft lcg fell away with an ex coedingly nervous crooking of it in the trouser, and lie turned up his eyes an instant to the upper deck with so sickly a roll that, spite of myself, I burst into a laugh, though I swiftly recovered myself. "It is strange, Charles," exclaimed my cousin in a raven-like note, " that a ghastly incident of this kind should sit so lightly on your mind, considering that you have quitted the sea for years and have led a far spore effeminate life ashore than I who have been roughing it on the ocean, when very likely you were lounging with a bored face in an opera stall or dozing over a cigar in some capacious club armchair. Had you been chasing slavers or pitching cannon shot into African vil lages down to the present moment, I could almost understand your indifference to a business that's going to haunt me for the rest of my days.' "Nonsense l"I exclaimed, "it was a bad job I admit, but a pure accident, not more tragical than hod the boat cap sized and drowned the man. There would be nothing in a twenty-fold uglier mishap to haunt you. But I'll tell you what, though," I continued, talking on to avert the sentimental argument which I saw strong in Wilfrid's face, " the incident of this morning points a very useful moral." " What morall " he demanded. " Why, that we must not be in too great a hurry to speak every sail we sight " " Finn knows my wishes; we must hear all we can about the Shark," cried Wilfrid warmly. "The very vessel 'that we neglect to speak," exclaimed Miss Jennings softly she had spoken but little and it was easy to see through the transparency of her un affected manner that the tragic affair of the morning had made avery deep im pression on her-" might prove the one ship of all we pass that could most usefully direct us." " Two to one I " said I, giving her a bow and smiling to the look of coy reproach in her charming eyes; "of course, Miss Jennings, I have no more to say. At least," I added, turning to Wilfrid, " on the head of speaking passing ships, though the moral I find in this forenoon trouble is not exhausted." "Well1" said ho a little imperiously, leaning towards me on one elbow with his nails at his lips and the spirit of restless ness quick as the blood in his veins in every lineamont. " Well," said I, echoing him, "my suggestion is that your lonig Tom's murderous mission should be peremptorily out short by your ordering Finn to strike the noisy old barker at once down into the hold, where he'll be a douced deal more useful as ballast than as a forecastle toy for the illustration of Irish humour." 'No l"shoutedWilfrid, fetchingthetable a whack with his fist: " so say no more about it, Charles. Strange that loeu, who should possess the subtlestand strongest of any kind of human sympathy for and with me-I mean the sympathy of blood should so absolutely fail to appreciate my determination and to accept my purpose 1 That girl there," pointing with his long arm to Miss Laura, "can read my heart and, of her sweetness, justify and approve all she finds there. But eon, my dear Charles "-hle softened his voice though lie continued speaking with' warmth never theless-" yosu, my own first cousin, youe to whom my honour should be hardly less dear than your own- you would have me abandon this pursuit-forego every detail of my carefully prepared programme blink with a cynical laziness at my own and my infant's degradation and turn to the law-to the law forsootl h -for the appeasement or extinction of every just yearning and of every consuming desire of my manhood No by G- I ".he roared, "fate omay be against me, but even her iron hand can be forced by a heart goaded as mine has been and is." He rose from the table and without another word wont to his cabin. We had been for some time alone-I mean that Muffin and the stewards liad left us. When my cousin was gone I looked at Miss Jennings. "Forgive me, Mr. Monson," she ex claimed with a little blush and speaking with an enchanting diffidence, "'but I fear-indeed I am sure, that any, even the lightest, suggestion that runs counter to Wilfrid's wishes irritates him. And," she added almost in a whisper, "I think it is dangerous to irritate him." "I have no wish to irritate him, believe me, Miss Jennings," said I. "I desire to be of some practical help, and my recom mendations have no other motive. But I give you my word if this sort of thing goes on I shall grow selfish, nay, alarmed if you like. I certainly never anticipated these melodramatic displays, these tragic rebukes, when I accepted his offer of the voyage. Pray consider: if Wilf, poor fellow, should grow worse, if his actions should result in exhibiting him as irre sponsible, what's to be done? Heaven forbid that I should say a word to alarm you "-shlo shook her head with a smile: I was a little abashed but proceeded never theless-"we are not upon dry land here. The ocean is as full of the unexpected as it is of fish. Finn is a plain steady man with brains enough, but then he is not in command in the sense that a captain is in command when we speak of a ship whose skipper is lord paramount. - He will obey as Wilfrid orders, and I say,MissJonnings, with all submission to your engaging, to your beautiful desires as a sister, that if vilfrid's humour is going to gain on him at the rate at which I seem to find it growing, it will be my business, as I am certain it will be my duty for everybody's sake as well as for yours and his own, so to contrive this unparalleled pursuit as to end it swiftly." She was silent-a little awed, I think, by my emphatic manner, perhaps by a certain note of sternness, for 1 had been irritated, besides being nervous; and then, again, my distaste for the trip worked very strongly in me whilst I was talking to her. We were a somewhat gloomy ship for the rest of the day. I noticed that the seamen w6re tolerably grave faces at their several jobs, and it was easy to gather that, now they had had time to digest the incident of the morning it was as little to their taste as it was to ours aft. Indeed it was impossible to tell what kind of omen they might manufacture out of so tragic an affair. Sailors were very much more superstitious in those days than they are now; the steam fiend has wonderfully cleared the atmosphere of the forecastle, and the sea-goblin lhis long since made his final dive from the topgallant-rail to keep company with the mermaid in her secret bower of coral in a realm fathoms deep beneath the ocean ooze. O'Connor tried very hard to look as if he felt that on the whole he almost deserved to be hanged for his blundersomo extermination of the Portugeo heathen; at least this seemed his air when, as lie sat stitching on a sail in the wist, lie suspected a quarterdeck gaze to bo directed athim. But it ishard for a man with merry blue eyes and cheeks veritably grinning with ruddiness in the embrace of a hugo hearty pair of carefully doctored whiskers to look contrite. Ti' Irishman did his best, but I laughed to seo. how the instant hlie forgot his part nature jovially broke out in him again. Crimp had chaergo that afternoon, and when I arrived on deck with a cigar in my mouth, leaving Miss Jennings and her maid hanging together over a hat whose feather in some way or other had gone wrong, I naked the mate what was his opinion of the accident of the morning. "Ain't got any opinion about it at all," he answered. "It was an accident, lot us believe," said I. "Pure hIignorance more like," he answered. "That thero O'Connor's regu larly ate up with pride. HIo's all bounce. Says hlie's descended from kings and if he had his rights ho'd be at the head o' Ulster or some such place as that 'stead of an able seaman. He know anything 'bout firing off cannons I" making a horrible face and going to the side to spit. "Did they understand what you said aboard the brig wlheon you talked to them from the boat?" "Ne'er a word." " Was the red-capped man hurt?' "D)azed. Eyes pretty nigh out on's cheeks. He was too full o' salt water to curse, I allow, so when we hauled him into the boat hie fell on his knees and prayed. A bloomin' poor job; a measly mean business I Knocking of a boat to pieces an' drownding of a man. What's the good o' that there gun ? Only fit to kick up a plaguey shindy. Next time it may bust and then, stand by I for I once see an explosion." "Is tlheoro anything wrong with the piece as O'Connorsuggests?" said I, much enjoying the old chap's sourness, which I may say was not a little in harmony with my mood that afternoon. " Couldn't tell if ye offered me all ye was worth. My business ain't guns. I shipped to do my bit, and my bit I'll do, but the line's chalked a mighty long way this side o' hordnance." I walked on to the forecastle to inspect the gun for myself. O'Connor watched me with the whole round of his face, broad and purple as the rising moon. The gun was of an elderly fashion, but it looked a very substantial weapon, with a murderous grin in the gape of it, and a long slim throat thatwarranted a venomous delivery. The kink the Irishman spoke of was alto gether in his eye. I returned to the quarterdeck, relighted my cigar, stowed myself comfortably away in the chair 1 had at an earlier hour pro cured for Miss Jennings, and pulling from my pocket a little handy edition of one of Walter Scott's novels, was speedily trans ported leagues away from the ocean by the spells of that delightful wizard. Thus passed tlhe afternoon. Miss Jennings ro mained below, and Wilfrid lay hid in his cabin. It was very pleasant weather. The sky was a clear blue from line to line, with just a group of faint bronzed-browed clouds of a dim cream attlhe horizon loom ing in thle azure air far away down in the north-west. The wind was cool though salt, a pleasant breeze from the east with a trifle of northing in it, and very steadily the yncht travelled quietly over the plain of twinkling waters, cradled by a soft western heaving. She made no stir for wards saving now and again a sound as of the pressure of a light foot upon tindorish bruslswood; every sail that would draw was packed on her, to her triangular lower studdingsail, the reflection of wlhichl waved in the tremulous blue like a sheet of quicksilver, fluctuating as it drained downwards. Still it was dull work. I would often break away from Scott to send a glance at thle skylight where 1 could just get a peep at the ruddy glow of Miss Laura's hair, as alho sat at the table with her maid near her, and heartily wished she would join me. Crimp's company was like pickles, a very little of it went a long way. Had etiquette permitted, I should have been glad to go amongst the men and yarn with them, for I could not doubt there was a store of amusing experiences lying behind sonmo of the rugged hairy countenances scattered about the decks. Indeed, no summons ever greeted my ear more cheer fully than the first dinner boll; for whether one has an appetite or not, sitting down to a meal on board ship is something to do. Nothing that need make a part of this story happened that niglit. Wilfrid was reserved, but his behaviour and the little he said were collected enough to make one wonder at thle lengths lie would occasion ally go the other way. He brought a large diary from his cabin, and sat writing in it up to a short while before going to bed. I cannot imagine what he had to put down, unless, indeed, he were posting up the book from some old date. It found him occupation, however, and he was a good deal in labour, too, throughout, I thought, often biting the feather of Ihis pen, casting his eyes up, plunging Iis fingers into his hair and frowning upon the page, and comporting himself, in a word, as tlhough ihe were composing an epic poem. 1 played at beggar-my neighbour with Miss Jennings, showed her some tricks at cards, and she told my fortune. She said soe could read soy future by looking at my hand, and I feel the clasp of her fingers still, and smell thle perfume of her Isair, and behold the brighls ness of it, and see isr poring upon my p alas, talk~ing low tlsat WVilfrid should not be disturbed, tracing the lines with a rosy finger-nail, with an occasional lift of her eyes to mine, the violet of them dark as hazel, and brilliant in the oil flames-it might have happened an hour ago, so keen is this particular memory. It was as peaceful an ocean night as any man could imagine of the weather up in the seas which our yacht was atill stem ming; moonless, for the planet rose late now, but spacious and radiant with stars. There was the phantasm of a craft when I went on deck about a mile on the bow of us, in the spangled dusk looking like ice, so fine and delicate was the white of her canvas, but no notice was taken of her. Finn trudged over to the gloom to leeward when I rose up through the hatch, possibly mistaking me for my cousin, and mani festly anxious to shirk the job of having anything to do with the stranger. I watched her pass-a more wraith of a ship she looked, sliding her three stately spires that seemed to melt upon the eye as you watched them under the red tremble and groeen and diamond-like sparkling of the luminaries which looked down upon her. By the time she had faded out like a little puff of steam in the dumb shadow astern, my pipe was smoked out, and I wont bo low and to bed, scarce havIing exchanged three words with Finn; and musing much on my fortune that Miss Laura had read in my hand-that my "line of lifo " was very long, that in middle lifo I should meeoot with a woman who would fascinate me, but that, nevertholcss, I should die as I had lived, a bachelor. Next morning Wilfrid did not appear at the breakfast-tablep. Muflin informed me that his master had passed a very bad night, had not closed his eyes, indeed, and for hour after hour had paced the cabin, sometimes going on deck. " Is he ill, do you think 7" 1 inquired. "Not exactly ill, sir," he answered in his sleekest manner, with the now familiar crook of one knee and his arms hanging straight up and down. " What then ? " I demanded, perceiving that the fellow had more to say, though his very humble and obsequious respect fulness would not suffer him to express much a time. "I fear, sir," ILo exclaiimed, looking. down, " that yesterday's 'orrid tragedy has preyed upon his nerves, which, as you are of course aweer, sir, is uncommonly delicate." I thought this probable, and, as the man was going to Isis master's cabin with a cup of tea from the breakfast table, I told him to give Sir Wilfrid my love and tosay that I should be glad to look in and sit with him. He returned to tell me my cousin thanked me, but that he would b4 leaving his berth presently, and would then join me in a pipe on deck. There was a fresh breeze blowing, and the yacht was plunging through it in a snowstorm, rising buoyant to thle bow surge with a broad dazzle of racing water over tlhe leerail and a smother of white roaring in a cataract from under her counter. There was wind in thle misty shining of the sun and in thle spaces of dinm blue between the driving clouds. The ocean was gay with tints, flying cloud shadows of slate, broad tracts of hurrying blue rich and gloriously fresh, with a ceaseless flashing of the heads of the dis solving billows, dashes of lustrous yellow to the touch of the sun that, you would see, sweeping a rusty ball of copper through a mass of smoke-like vapour, and then leaping out, moist and rayless, into some speeding lagoon of clear heaven. The horizon throbbed to the walls of the dimneoss that circled the line all the way round, and my first glance was for a ship; but all was bare ocean. From time to time the follow on the topgallantyard ogled the slope over either bow in a way that made me imagine some sort of hopo of the Shcark heaving into view had come to the sailors out of this rushing morning. I waited for Miss Jennings, thinking she would arrive on deck; but, after stumping to and fro for a half-hour or thereabouts, and passing the skylight, I saw her and Wilfrid in close conversation standing almost directly beneath, he gesticulating with great energy, but speaklung in a sub dued voice, and she watching him with a troubled face. Passing the skylight again, a little later on, I caught eight of Wil frid's figure marching up and down with irregular broken strides, whilst the girl, leaning with her hand upon the back of a chair, continued to gaze at him, with now and again a little movement of the arm which suggested that also was endeayourE-. ing toreassure orto reason witk him. Igot alongsideoof Finn and fell into a yarn with him. One thing led to another, and Lady Monson's name was mentioned. "Was she a pleasant lady?" said I. "Ay, to look at, your honour. Up to the hammer. A little too much of her, some folks might think, but such eyes, sir I such teeth I and talk of Jigures "and here he delivered a low prolonged whistle of admiration. "She was a tolerably amiable lady, I suppose?" said I carelessly. " Well, sir, if you'll forgive me for say ing of it, that's just what she wasn't,'' he replied. "She was one of them parties as can be very glad and very sorry for themselves and for nobody else. She steered Sir Wilfrid as I might this hero Bride. She needed but to sot her course and the craft answered the shift of helm right away off. Ye never saw her, sir?" " Never. "Well, she hadn't somehow the appear. anco of what I tarm a marrying woman. She looked to be one of them splendid females as can't abide husbands for the reason that, being made up of wvanity, nothing satisfies 'em but the sort of admi ration that sweethearts fooeels. I took notice once that, she being seated in a cheer, as it might be there," said he, indi cating a part of the deck with a nod of his long head, "Sir Wilfrid draws up along side of her to see if she were comfortable and if ihe could run on any errand for her; she scarcely gave him a look as she answeredshort, as though his merely being near fretted her. But a minute arter up steps a gent from the cabin, the Honour able Mr. Lacy, and dawdles up to her, pulling at his bit of a whisker and showing of his teeth over a long puking ol' Haw I haws I' and 'Yaases;' and then see the change in her ladyship I Gor bless my heart and soul, your honour, 'twarn't the same woman. She hadn't smiles enough for this here honourable. Her voice was like curds and whey. She managed the colour in her cheeks, too, somehow and bloomed out upon the poor little dandy when a minute afore her face to her hus band was as blank as a custard. No, Mr. Monson, sir, liher ladyship wasn't a marry ing woman. She was one of them ladies meant by natur to sit in a gilt cheer in the heart of a crowd of young men all a-bowing to and a-worshippinmg of her; very diffe rent from her sister, sir, That little lady down below there I allow'll have the true makings of an English wife and an English mother in her, for all she's an Australian. "I suppose, then, you were not very much surprised when you heard of Lady Monson's elopement ? " "No more surprised, your honour, than a man can be when a thing that he's been expecting has happened. But she's not going to stick to the Colonel. If his honour don't overhaul the Shark and separate 'em sho'll be separating herself long afore the tinme it ud occupy the schooner to sail round the world. Lord love 'ee, sir; if I were to hear of her hooloping with some African king, atop of on elephant, it wouldn't surprise me. When a woman like her allows a chap to cut her cable he must be a wiser man than e'er a prophotof them all that's writ about who's going to tell you where the hull'll strand or bring up." As he delivered himself of these words Sir Wilfrid showed in the hatch handing Miss Jennings up the ladder, and my com panion started away on a lonely quarter deck walk. The girl looked very grave and worried; my cousin, gaunt and hag gard, with a fire in his weak, protruding eyes that was like the light of fever or of famine. He grasped mny hand and held it whilst he sent a look round. I spoke lightly of the fine breeze and the yacht's pace and the good runs we should be making if this weather held, finding some. thing in his instant's assumption of a hearty demeanour, a sort of strained liveliness far more affecting than his miolanchloly, that was like a request to me not to venture upon any sort of personal inquiries. He called to Finn to know the, speed, thon said, "Charles, give Laura your arm, will you ? Thero's too much wind to sit. She looks a little pale, but a few turns will give roses to her cheeks. My head aches, and I must keep below out of this air till I am better' Miss Jonninds took, my arm, for thopgs.; would happen a frequent lee swing with a rise of the bow and a long slanting rush to the wholo wcight of the cloths till you could Ihavo spooned up the white water over the sido with your hand that .rcndered walking difficult and fatiguing; ivery soon 1 placed chairs under the -,eatheor bulwarkls, snugging Iher with rugs iand shawls, and in the comparative calm .of that shelter we were able to cenverse. "-Wilfrid looks very ill this morning," said 1. "He has had another warning," she sansenrcd. ""2'he deuce he has. When " " Last night." " What sort of warning is it this time 1" "Precisoly the same as the first one," -shoe replied. " I am grieved but not surprised," said I. "I very mnuclh fear Ihe is going from bad to worse. I still hold with the views I expressed last evening. A time iay, nay, a time nmust comie, wwhen you yourself, Miss Jennings, ardent as is your sisterly desire, will look to me for some resolution that shall preserve us and himself too from the schemes of a growing distenmper." She was silent. "Did he tell you," I continued, " the nature of the warning 7 " "Yes," she answered. "In confidence 1 if so of courso-"' "No," she interrupted, "lie camne from his cabin after breakfast when you had gone on deck, and I saw at onco that something was very wrong with hint. I was determined to get at the truth and questioned him persistently, and then he t1ld me alL" "All? " exclaimed I, opening my eyes, for the word seemed to indicate somo very large matter lying behind his confession. "What he has seen," she said, "for swo nights running has been a mystorious writing upon his cabin wall." "Hiumph I" said I. "Do you remember, Mr. Mlonson, that lie told us of a dream in which he had seen a boat with a sort of signa-board in it on which was inscribed the word Monday in. letters of flame? Well, ie sees the same sort of fiery scrawl now in his cabin." "What is the nature of the messago I" "He says that tihe words are 'RETuRN Bo Ias 1 " "He has dreamt this," said I, "or it is some wretched trick of the sight or brains; buit I would rather believe it a dream." 'It is an illusion of some kind no 'loubt," sho exclaimed, " but it is strange that it should occur, be the cause whlat it will, on two successive nights and much about the sameo time. No wonder the poor follow is depressed this morning. It is not only that he fears this warning as signifying that something is seriously wrong with baby, and that it is a pmysterious command to him to return to her at once ; he dreads that it may occur again to-night and to-morrow night, con tinuously indeed, until it actually drives him mad by obliging him to make up his mind either to .noeglect Ihis child or to abandon his pursuit of Ihis wife." " The long and short of it is, Miss Jen nimSs," said I, "that whoen it comeos to oneo p being thrown with a man whose mind is a misfit tlhat's apt to shift like an ill-stowed cargo to any breeze of wind that heels the craft over, one must 'stand by,' as sailors say, for troublesome Ihalf hours and bewilderingly unexpected con frontmonts." But there was no use in my telling her the wish was strong in my mind that if it was to be Wilfrid's unhappy destiny to grow worse, then the sooner he acted in ouch a way as to force all hands to see that it would be at his own as well as at our peril to leave himn at large and to suffer him to preserve control over the move monts of the yacht, and by consequence the lives and fortunes of those who sailed in her, the better; for I protest that even in the thick of. my talk with tihe girl I eavary eont a glance at the white roll of spinning idateri tivstinghand roaring away alongside without a sense of the absurdity of the whole business, the aimlessness of the pursuit, thIe futility of it ass a project of revenge, ites. profound idleness as a scheme of recovering Lady Monson, guess ing,. as anyone could from my cousin's talk and from what Laura Jonnings had lot fall, that if Wilfrid sholtd succeed in regaining his wife he wouldn't know what in the world to do with her I (To be continued.) 