THE WORLD'S DESIRE Bt H. EIDER HAGGAED AND ANDREW LANG. Helen am rero hmmrtnlcm fttisseindical tcmpus.— Servius. JEneid II., 501. BOOK II. Chapter IV. the queen's chamber. At mid-dty on the morrow, Pharaoh and the Host of Pharaoh marched in pomp from Mom phis, taking tho road that runs across tho desert country toward tho Sea of Weeds, tho way that the Apura had cone. Tho W andoror went with tho army for on hour's joumoy audraorc; in a chariot driven hy Rei, tho Priest, for Rci did not march with the host. Tho numbor of the soldiers of Pharaoh amazed tho Achiuan, accustomed to tho levies of barren isles and scattered tribes. But lro said nothing of his wonder to Rei or any man, lest it should bo thought that ho camo from among a little people. He even made as if ho hold tho army lightly, and asked tho priest if this was all tho strength of Pharaoh ! Then Rei told him tliat it was but a fourth part, for none of tho raor- cenorios and nono of tho soldiers from tho Upper Land marched with tho King in pursuit ox tho Apura. Thou tho Wanderer know that ho was como among a greater pcoplo than ho had over en countered yet, on laud or sea. So ho weut with them till tho rpads divided, and thoro ho drove his chariot to tho chariot of Pliaraoh and hade him farewell. Pharaoh calldd to Iiim to mount his own chariot and spako thus to him:— 44 Swear to me, thou Wanderer, who namost thyself Eporitus, though of what country thou art and what was thy father's houso none know, swear to mo that thou wilt guard Mcriamun the Queen faithfully, aud wilt work no woo upon mo nor upon my house whilo I am afar. Great thou art and beautiful to look on, aye, and strong beyond the strongth of men, yet my heart misdoubts mo of thee. For mcthinlcs thou art a crafty man aud that evil will como upon mo through thoe." 44 If this bo thy mina, Pharaoh," said tho Wanderer, 44 leavo mo not in guard of _ tho Queen. And yet methinks I did not befriend thee so Q1 two nights gone, when the rabble would havo put thoo aud all thy houso to the sword becauso of tho death of the brat- bora." Now Pharaoh looked on him long and doubt fully, then stretched out his baud. Tho Wau- dorer took it, and swore by his own gods, by Zeus, by Aphrodite, and 'Athene, and Apollo, that no would be true to tho trust. "I boliovo thee, Waudoror," said the Pharaoh. 44 Know this, if thou keepest thine oath, thou shalt havo groat rewards, aud thou shalt bo soooud to none in tho land of Khem ; but if thou failcst, thou shalt thou die miserably." 4I oik no fee," auswered the Wandorer, 11 and I fear no death, for in one way only shall I die, and this is known to mo. Yet I will koep my oath." And ho bowod boforo Pharaoh, and leaping from his chariot eutored again into the cliuriot of Rei. "Now, as ho drovo back through tho host, tha soldiors called to him, saying, 44 Leave us not, thou Wanderer." For bo looked so glorious in his golden armour that it seemed to them as though a god departed from their ra.iks. TTi« heart was with them, for ho loved war, and he did not love the Apurn. But ho drovo on as so it must bo, and camo to tho palaco at sundown. That night ho Bat at tho feast bythesido of Meriamuu tho Queen. And when tho feast was ,dono she bade him follow her into her chamber, / where she sat when sho would bo alone. It was u fragrant chamber, dimly lighted with Bweot scented lamps, furniBhcd with couches of ivory and gold, while all tho walls told painted stories of strange gods and kings, and of their loves and wars. Tho Queen sank hack upon the brotdered cushions of a couch and hade the wise Odysseus sit over against her, so near that her robes swept his golden grieves. This ho did ' somowhat against his will, though he was no hater of fair women. But his heart misdoubted the dark-eyed Queen, and he looked upon her guardedly, for sho was strangely fair to seo, the fairest of all mortal women whom he had known, savo the Golden Helen. 44 Wanderer, wo owe thoe great thanks, and I would gladly know to whom wc arc in debt for the prices of our lives," sho said. 44 Tell me of thy birth, of thy father's house, and of tho lands that thou hast seen, and the wars wherein thou hast fought. Tell me also of the sack of Ilios, and how thou earnest by thy golden mail. Tho unhappy Paris woro such arms as these, if tho minstrel of the north sang truth." Nowtlio Wauderer would gladly have cursed ' this minstrel from tho north and his songs, 44 Minstrels will bo lying, lady," he said, 44 and they gather old tales whoever they go. Paris may have worn my arras, or auother man ; I bought them from a chapman in Crete, and asked nothing of thoir first master. As for DIob, I fought thero in ray youth, and served the Cretan ldomenous, but I got little booty. To fox the kings, tho wealth, and women, to use the sword strokes. Such is the appearance of war." Meriomun listened to his tale, which ho sot forth roughly, as if ho were some blunt, grum bling swordsman, and darkly sho looked on while she hearkened, and darkly she smiled as she looked. " A strange story Eperitus, a strange story truly. Now tell me this, how earnest thou by yondor great bow, tho bow of the swallow string ? If my minstrel spoke truly it was once tho bow of Eurytusof Cechaliu?" Now the Wuuderer glanced round him like n man taken in ambush, who sees on every hand the sword of foes shine up into tho sun light. 44 The bow, lady," he answered readily enough, 44 I got it straugely. I was cruising with a cargo of iron on tho western coast, and landed on an isle, methinks the pilot called it Ithaca. There wo found nothing but death : a pestilence had been in the land, but in a ruined halltliii bow was lying, and I made prize of it. A good bow." 44 A strange story, truly — n very strange story," quoth Mcrinmun tho Queen. 44 Per- cliauco thou dids't buy the armour of Paris ; by chance thou dids't find the bow of Eurytus, that bow, methinks, with which tho gou-like Odysseus slew tho wooers in his halls. Knowest thou Eperitus, that when thou stoodest youder on the board in tho place of banquets, when the great bow twanged, and the long shafts hailed down the hull aud loosened tho knees of muuy, not a little was I minded of tho song of the slaying of the wooers at tho hands of Odysseus. The fame of Odysseus has wandered far, ayo, even to Khem," and sho looked straight at him. Tho Wandorer darkened his face, and put the matter by. "Ho lmd heard something of that tale," ho suid, " but deemed it a minstrel's feigning. One man could not light a hundred, as the story went." The queen half rose from the couch where she 'lay curled up like a glittering snake; likeasnako she rose ana watched him with her.raelaucholy eyes. Strange, indeed— most strango that Odys seus, Laertes's sou, Odysseus of Ithaca, should not know tho tale of the slaying of the wooers by Odysseus' self. Strange indeed, thou Ejpcritus, who art Odysseus." Now the ueck of the Wanderer 'was iu tho noose, and well ho know it. Yet he kept his couiuel, and looked upon her vacantly. " Men say that this Odysseus wandered years ago into tho North, and that this time ho will not come again. I saw him in tho wars, and he was a taller mau than I," said the Wanderer. 44 I havo always heard," said the Queen, 41 that OdyBseus was double-tongued and crafty as a fox. Look me in the eyes, thou Wanderer, look me in tho eyes, and I will show thee whether or not thou art Odysseus," and she Icaued forward so that her hair well nigh swept his brow, and gazed deep into his eyes. Now the Wanderer was ashamed to drop his eyes before a woman's, aud he could not rise and go ; so he must needs gaze, and as he gazed his head grow strangely light, and h's blood ciuivered iu his veins, and then seemed to stop. 44 Now turn, thou Wanderer," said tho voico of tho Queen, and to him it sounded far away, &s; if thoro was a wall between them, " and tell xne what thou seest.' So ho turned and looked towards the dark cud of tho chumber. But presently through tho darkness stole u faint light, like the first grey of the dawn, and now ho saw a shape, like theahapo of a great horso of wood, and behind the homo were black equate towers of huge stones and gates and walls and houses. Now hosawadoor open iu the side of the horse, and a bolinctcd head of a man looked out warily. As he looked a great white star slid down tho sky so that the light of it rested on thefaco of tuo man, aud tlie face was his own. Then ho remembered how he had looked forth from the belly of tho wooden horso as it stood within tho walls of Ilios, and thus tho star hod seemed to fall upon the doomed city, an omen of tho end of Troy. 44 Look again," said tho voice of Meriomun from far away. AU rights reserved. I So onco more ho looked into tho darkness, and thoro ho saw tho mouth of u cave, ami beneath two palms iu front of it sat a man and a woman. Tho yellow moon rose, and its light fell upon a sloojiiiig sua, upon tall trees, upon tho cuvo aud tho two who sat there. Tho woman was lovely, with braided hair, ami clad in a shining robe, and her oyes were dim with tears that sho might never shed ; for she was a goddessj Calypso, tho daughter of Atlas. Then in tho vision, tho man looked up, and hi face was weary nad worn and sick for homo, but it was his own face. Then ho rcmcmbored how he had sat thus at tho side of Calypso of tho braided tresses, on that last night ol all his nights in her wane- girt isle, the centre of tho sens. 44 Look once more," said tho voice of Meria muu tho Queen. Again ho looked into the darkuoss. Thero boforo him grew tho ruins of his own Hall iu Ithaca, aud in tho courtyard boforo tho Hall was a heap of ashes, and the charred boucs of men. Boloro tho heap lay tho figure of ono lost in sorrow, for his limbs writhed upon tho ground. Anon the man lifted his face, and buhold ! the Wanderer know that it wa9 his own face. Then of a sudden tho gloom passed away from tho chamber, and, ouco more his blood surged through his veins, mul there before him sat Moriamun tho Queen, smiling darkly. " Strango sights hast thou seen,' is it not so, Wanderer ?" slio said. 14 Yea, Queen, tho most strango of sights. Tell mo of thy courtesy how thou didst conjure them before my eyes." 41 By tho raag'ic that I havo, Eperitus, I abovo all wizards who dwell in Khem, tho uiagio whereby I oan read all tho past of thoso — I loro," and again sho looked upon him, " ay, and call it forth from tho storohonsoof dead Time, aud mako it livo again. Say whose face was it that thou didst look upon— was it not the face of Odysseus of Ithaca, Laortes's son, aud was not that face thine V" Now tho Wandorer saw that thoro was n© escape. Therefore ho spoko tho truth, not be cause ho loved it, but because ho must. ' Tlio faco of Odysseus of Ithaca it was that I saw before mo, Lady, and that faco is mine. I avow myself to be Odysseus, Laertes's son, and no other man." The Quceu laughed aloud. 44j Groat must ho my strongth of magic," sho sad, 44 for it can strip tho guilo from tho subtlest of men. Henceforth, Odysseus, thou wilt know that tho eyes of Meriamuu, tho Queen, see far. Now tell mc truly, what earnest thou hither to seok ?" Tho Wanderer took swift counsel with him self. Remembering that dream of Meriamuu of which Roi, tho Priest, had told hira, and which she kucw not that ho had learned, tho dream that showed her tho vision of oue whom she must lovo, and remembering the word of the dead Hataska, ho grew afraid. For bo know well by tho tokou of tho spoar point, that ho was tho man of her dream, and that sho knew it. But ho could not accept her love, both bo- cause of his oath to Pharaoh, and becauso of her whom Aphrodito had shown to him iu Ithaca, hor whom alono ho must sook, tho Heart's Desire, the Goldon Helen, Tho strait was desperate, botweon a brokon oath and a woman scorned. But ho feared his oath, and tho anger of Zeus, the god of hosts and guests. So Wsought safoty beneath tho wings of truth. "Ladv," ho said, 41 1 will toll thoo all ! I carao to Ithaca from tho Whito North, where a curse had drivon mo. I camo and found my halls desolate, nud my pcoplo dead, and tho very ashes of my wife. But in a dream of tho night I saw tho Goddess whom I have wor shipped little, Aphrouito of Idalia, whom in this land yo namo Ilathor, and she bado mo go forth and do hor will, And for reward sho promised mo that I should find ono who waitod mo to bo my doaUiloss lovo." Moriamun heard him so far, but no furthor, for of tliis sho mado sure, that sho was tho woman who Aphrodito had promised to tho "Wandorer. Ero ho might speak another word sho glided to him like a snako, and liko a snako curled herself about bim. Thon sho spoko so low that ho rather know hor thought than heard hor words : 44 Was it indeed eo, Odysseus ? Did tho Goddess indoed sond thoo to sook mo out V Know, thon, that not to thco alono did she speak. I also looked for tbeo, I also waited tho coming of one whom I should lovo. Ob, heavy havo been tho days, and empty my heart, aud sorely through tho years havo I longed for him who should bo brought to mo. And now at length it is done, now at longth I seo him whom in my dream I saw," and sho lifted her lips to tho lips of tho Wandorer; and her heart and her oyes, and her lips said 4 Lovo.1 ' But it was not for nothing that ho bore a stout and patient hoiirt, and a Drain unclouded by danger, or by lovo. Ho had never bccu in a strait liko this; caught with bouds that no 6wovd could cut, and in toils that no skill cou!d undo. On ono sido were love and pleasure- on tho other a broken oath, and tho loss for ever of tho Heart's Desire. For to lovo another woman, as ho had boon warned, was toloso Helen. But again, if ho Bconiod tho Quceu— nay, for all his hardihood ho dared uot tell her that sho was not tho woman of hiB vision, tho woman he camo to seek. Yet even now his cold courage and his cunuiog did uot fail him. 14 Lady," ho said. 44 wo both havo dreamed. But if thou didst dream thou wert my lovo, thou didst wnkc to hud thyself tho wifo of Pharaoh. And Pharaoh is my host, and hath my oath 1" 44 1 woko to find myself tho wifo of Pharaoh," siio echoed wearily, and her arms uncurled from his neck, uud sho s&uk; back on tho couch. 44 1 am Pharaoh's wifo in word, but not in deed. Pharaoh i9 nothing to mo, thou Wau derer, nought save a namo." 44 Yet is ray oath much to mo. Queen Mcriamun, my oath and tho hospitable hearth," tho Wanderer mado answor. 44 1 swore to Mcncptah to hold thco from all ill, nud there's an end." 44 And if Pharaoh comes back no more, what then.Odjisous ?" 44 Then will wc talk again, and now, Lsidy, thy safety calls mo to visit thy Guard," and without more words ho roso and went. Tho Quceu looked after him. 44 A straugo raau," sho said iu her heart, 44 who builds a barrier with his oath betwixt him and her ho loves aud has wandered so far to win ! Yet raothiuks I honour him tho more. Pharaoh Monoptah, my husband, cat, drink, and be merry, for this I promise thee, short shall be thy days," CHAPTER V. the chapel perilous. 44 Swift as a bird or a thought," Bays tho old harper ot tho Northern Sea. The Wanderer's thoughts iu tho morning, were swift as night birds', flying: buck uud brooding over tho things ho bad seen and tho words ho had heard in tho Queen's chamber. Again ho stood between this woman and tho oath, which, ot all oaths, was tho worst to break. And, indeed, ho was little tempted to break it, for though Meriu- muu was beautiful aud wise, ho feared her lovo, and ho fcarod hur rnnglc arts, no lcs3 than ho feared her vengeance if sho were scorned. Delay seemed tho ouly course. Let him wait till tho Kiug returned, and it would go hard but ho found soruo pretext for leaving tho city of tho Whito Walls, nnd Booking through now adventures tho World's Desire. Tho mys terious rivor lay yonder ; ho would ascend tho river of which so many tulc3 wore told. It flowed from tho huid or tho blameless ilSthio- pians, tho most just of men, at whoso tables tho very gods sat as guests. There, perchance, far up tho sacred stream, in a land whore no wrong ever camo — Iboro, if tho Fates poriuittcd, ho might find tho Golden Helen. If tho Fates permitted, but all tho adventure was of tho Fates, who had shown him to Mcria- mun in a dream. He turned it long in his mind, and found little light. It sociucd that us ho had drifted through darkness across a blood-red sea to lira shores of Khem, so ho should wado through blood to that shore of Fato which the gods appointed. "Yet, after a whilo, ho shook sorrow from him, arose, bathed, anointed himself, combed his dark locks, and girded on his golden armour. For now he remembered that this was the day when tho strango Ilathor should stand upon tha Pylon of tho tcmplo, and call tho people to her, and ho was determined to look upon her, and if need bo do battle with that which guarded her. So ho prayed to Aphrodito that sho would help him, aud ho poured out wiuo to her. nnd waited. IIo waited, hut no answer cume to his prayer. Yet, us ho turned away, it chnnced that ho saw his countenance in tho wido goldon cup whence ho had poured, and it seemed to. him tint it had grown more fair, and loBt tho stamp of years, aud that bis faco was BinootU and young, ss tbo faco of that Odysseus who, many weary years ago, had suiled in tho black ships and looked back on tho smoking ruins of windy Troy. In this ho saw tho hand of tho goddess, and know that if eho might not bo manifest in this land of strango gods, yet sho wo9 with him. And knowing this his heart grow light as tho heart of a boy from whom sorrow isyot a long way o/T, and who has not dreamed of death. Then ho ato nnd drank, and when he had put from him tho desire of food, ho arose anil girded on tbo sword, Eujyalus's gift, but the black bow ho left in its case. Now ho was ready aud about to sot forth when Roi tbo priest entered tho chamber. 44 Whither gocst thou, Eperitus P" asked Ro tho instructed priest, 44 ana what is that hath mado thy faco so fair, as though many yours had been liftod from thy back f" 44 'Tis "but sweet sloop, Rci," saidtho Wan derer. " Docply I slopt Inst night, and tho weariness of my wanderiugs fell i'rora mo, aud now I am as I was before I sailed ncross tho blood red sea into tho night." 14 Soil thou the secret of this sleep to tho ladies of Khem," answered tho agcu priest smiling, 44 and little shalt thou lack of wealth, for all thy day?." Thus ho spako as though ho behoved tho Wanderer, but in his heart ho know that tho thing was of tho gods. The Wanderer answered : 44 1 go up to the tcmplo of the Hathor ; for thou dost romombcrit is to-day that sho stands upon tho Pylon brow, and calls tbo peoplo to her. Coniest thou also, Rei P" 44 Nay, nay; I come not, Eporitus. I nm old, indeed, but yot tlio blood creeps through theso withered veius ; and, poi'dianco, if I camo and looked, tho madness would soizo mo also, nnd I too should rush on to my slaying. Thoro is a way in which a man may liston to tho voico of tho Hathor, and that is to havo bis eyos blindfolded, as many do. But even thon ho will tear tho bandago from his eyes, and look aud die with tho others. O go not up, Eperitus, I pray thco go not up, Seo, now I lovo thco, I kuow not why, and am little minded to seo thee dead— though, porchauco," ho added, as though to himself, 44 it would bo woll for those I sorve, if thou wa6t doad, thou Wandorer with tho oycsof Fato." "Havo no four, Roi," said tho Wanderer, 44 as it is doomed so shall I dio and not otbor- wiso. Never shall it bo told," ho added inhis hoart, 44 that ho who stood in arras against Scylla, tho Horror of tho Rock, turned hack from any fonu of fear or from any shapo of lovo." Thon Rei wrung his hands and went nigh to weeping ; for to Sum it seemed a pitiful thing that so goodly a man and so a rent a hero should thus bo douo to death. But tho Wanderer Easscd out through the city aud Roi wont with im for a certain distance. At length they came to tho road sot on either sido with Sphinxes, that leads from tho outer wall of brick to the garden of tbo Tcmplo of Hathor, and down this road hurried a multitudo of men of all races and of every age. Hero the prince was borne along in his litter ; hero tlio young noble travelled in liis chariot ; here camo the slavo bespattered with tho mud of the Holds ; hero tho cripple limped upon his crutches, and hero w;is tlio blind mnn led by a hound. And with each man camo women, tho wifo of tho man, or his mother, or his sisters, or sho to whom ho was vowod in marriago. Weeping tiioy camo, and with soft words and clinging arras they strove to hold back him whom they loved. 44 Oh, my son— my son!" cried a woman, 44 hearken to thy mother's voice. Go not up to look upon tho goddess, for if thou dost look, then shalt thou dio, and thou alono are left ativo to mo. Two brothers of thine I boro, and behold both are dead, aud wilt thou die also and loavo mo who am old alono anddosolato P Bo not mad ! My son, thou art tho dearest of all ; over havo I loved thoo and tended thoe. Come back, I pray — comeback." But her son hoard, uot and heeded not, pressing on toward tho Gates of tho Heart's Desire. 44 Oh, my husband — my husband!' cried anothor; young, of gentlo birth, and fair, who horoa babo on her loft arm, and with her right clutched her lord's broidorod robe. 44 Oh, ray husband, bavo I not loved thoo and been kind to thco, and wilt thou still go up to look upon tho deadly boauty of tbo Hathor J Thoy say sho wears tho beauty of tbo dead. Lovcst thou mo not hotter than hor who died five years agono, Morisa, tho daughter of Hois, though thou didBt lovo hor first ? Seo hero is thy babo —thy babo— and ono wcok born. Evon from , my bed of pain I havo rison and followod aftor thoo down theso weary roads, nnd I nm liko to loso my life for it. Hero is thy babo, lot it E lead with thoo. Lot mo die if so it must bo, ufc go not thou up to thy death. It is no goddosa whom thou wilt see, but an evil spirit loosed from the undorworld, and that shall bo thy doom. Oh, if I please thco not, tako thou another wifo and I will mako licr wclcomo, only not go up to thy death." But tho man fixod his eyes upon the Pylon top heeding her not, and at length sho sank upon tho road, and thero with tho babo would havo been' trampled, on by tho chariots had not the Wauderer borno her to ono 6ido of tho way. Now of all sights this was tho most dreadful, for on ovory siao camo tho prayers and lamenta tions of women, and still the multitude of men pressed on unheeding. 44 Now thou socst the power of lovo, and how if a woman bo hut beautiful enough sho raodrag all men to ruin," said Rci the priest. 44 Ye3," said tho Wauderer, 44 a strange sight, truly. Much blood hath this Hathor of thino upon her hands." 44 Atd yot thou wilt give her thine, Wan dorer." 44 That I am not minded to do," ho answered, 44 yot will I look upon hor faco, , so speak no more of it." Now they woro come to tho spaco before the bronze gates of the Pylon of tho outor court, and there tho multitudo gathered to tho number of many hundreds. Presently, us thoy watched, a Eriost camo to the gates, that same priest that ail shown tho Wanderer tho bodies in the baths of bronze. lie looked through tho bars nud cried aloud : 44 Whoso would enter into tho court and look iqion tho Holy Hathor lot bim draw nig?h Kuow yo this, all men, tho Hathor is to him who can win her. But if he pass not, thcu shall ho dio and 1k> buried within tho Temple nor over shall ho look upon tho sun again. Of this are yo wnrnod. Since tho Hathor camo again to Khem, of men seven hundred and thveo havo gone up to win licr, aud of bodies seven hundred and two lie within tho vaults, for of all these men Pharaoh Mcncptah nlone hath gone back living. Yet is there place for more ! Enter ye who would look upon tho Hathor !" Now thero roso a mighty wailing from tho women. Thoy clung madly about the necks of tlioso who were dear to thorn, and 60rac clung not in vain. For tho hoarts of many failed them at laBt, and thoy shrank from entering in. But a few of those who had already lookod upon tho Ilathor from afar, perchance a score ui all, struck the women from them and rushed un to tho eates. 44 Surely thou wilt not enter in," quoth Rei, clingiug to tho arm of tho Wanderer. 44 Oil, turn thy back on doath nud come back with mc. 1 pray thco turn." 44 Nay," said tho Wanderer, 44 1 will go in." Then Rei tho priest throw dust upon his head, wont aloud, and turned and ilod, never stopping till no camo to tho Palaco whore sat Moriamun the Queen. Now tlio Priest unbarred a wicket in tho gates of bronze, and ono by ono those who were strickeu of the madness entered in. For all of these had seen tho Hathorraany times from afar without tho wall, and now they could no more withstand their longing. And as thoy outored two other priests took thorn by the hand and bound their eyes with cloths, so that unloss thoy willed it thoy might uotsco tho glory of tho Ilathor, but only hoar tho sweetness of her voice. But two thero wore who would not bo blindfolded, and of these ono was that man whoso wife lmd fainted by tho way, and the other was a man sightless from his youth. For although ho might not see tlio beauty of the Goddess this man was mado mad by tho aweot- ness of her voice. Now, when all had entered in, savo tho Wundorer, thero was a stir in tlio crowd, and a man rushed up. He was travel- stained, ho had a black beard, black oyes, and a uoso hooked like a vulture's beak. 44 Hold !" lio cried. 44 Hold I Shutnottho gates ! Night aud day liavo I journeyed from tho host of tho Apura who fly into tho wilder ness. Night and day I havo journeyed, leaving wifo and flocks and children and tho Promise of tho Land, that J may onco more look upon tho boauty of tho Hathor. Shut not tho gates." 44 Pass in,' said tho priest, 44 pass in, so shall wo ho rid of one of thoso whom Khem nurtured up to rob her." He eatcrcd. Then, as tho priest was about to bar tho wicket, tho Wanderer strode forwurd, aud his golden armour clashed beneath tho portal. 44 Wouldst thou indeed cuter to thy doom, tliou mighty lord asked tho priest, for ho know liim woll again. 44 Ay, I cuter — but porchanco not to my doom," answered tho Wauderer. Thcu ho passed in, and the brazen gate was shutbehind Now tha two priests camo forward to bind his oyes, hut this lie would not endure. 44 Not so," ho said ; 44 hero am I como to see what may bo seen." 44 Go to, thou Madman, go to ! and die tho death," they answered, and lod all the men to tho centre of tho courtyard, whcnco thoy might see tho Pylon top. Thon tho priests also covered up thoir oyes and cast thomselvcs at length upon the ground ; so for a whilo thoy lay, and all was silence within and without tho court, for thoy waitod tho coming of the Ilathor. Tho Wanderer glanced through the bars of bronzo at tho multitudo gathered thoro. Silent thoy stood with upturned eyes ; oven tho women had coasod from weeping and stood in silence. Ho lookod at those beside him. Their bandaged faces were lifted, and thoy stored towards tho Pylon top ns though thoir vision pierced tho cloths. The blind man, too, stared upward, and bis palo lips raovod, but no Bound enrao from them. Now at' tho foot of tlra Pylon lay a littlo rim of slixdow. Thinner and thinner it grow as tho moiuJscropton towards tho perfect noon. Now there wnBbutalmo and now tho lino was gone, for tho sun's re i disc burned high in the bluo heaven straight abovo tho Pylon brow. Then suddonly anu from far thoro camo a faint sweet sound of singing, nnd at fho first nolo of tho sound, a great sigh'.wont up thiough the quiet air from all tbo multitude without. Those who were near tho Wandorer sighed also, and their lips nnd fingers twitched, aud he himself sighed, though ho know not why, Noaror camo tlio sweet sound of staging, and stronger it swollcd, till presently thoso without tho Toronto gato who woro on higher ground caught sight of hor who sang. Then a noarso roar went up from ovory throat, and madness took thorn. On thoy ru9liod dashing themselves ngaiust the gates ox bronzo and tho steep walls ou either sine, and madly boat upon them with their fists and brows, and climbed on each other's shoulders, gnawing at tho bars with thoir teeth, crying to be lot in. But tho women ilirew thoir arms about them, and screamed curses on her whoso boauty brought all men to madness. Soit went on for awhile till presently tho Wan dorer lookod up and Baw a shadow fall through tho air till it covered him like a veil. And lo ! thoro, upon tho Pylon's brow, stood tho woman's eolff and at hor coining all men wore onco more silent. Sho waU tall uud straight, clad in clinging whito, but ou her breast there glowed a bloou red ruby stono, fashioned like a star, nnd from it fell rod drops that stained for ouo moment tho whiteness of hor robes, and then tho robo was whito again. Her golden hair was tossed this way and that, and shone in tho sunlight, her armB and neck were bare, and 1 sho bald one hand before her eyes as though to hido tho brightness of her'be&uty.; For indeed, sho could uot be called beautiful, but Beauty itself. And they who had not lovod saw in her that first lovo whom no man has ovor won, and thoy who lmd lovod saw that first lovo whom ovory man has lost. And all about her rollod a glory— liko tho glory of tho dying day. Sweetly sho sang a Song of Promise, and her voico was tho voico of each man's Desire, and tho heart of tho Wanderer thrilled in answor to it as thrills a harp smitten by a cunning hand —aud thus she sang. Whom listb thou longed for most True love of mino ! Whom hath tbou loved and lost, Lo 1 she is tbiac ! She thst another wed Breaks from her vow ; She that hath longbcca dead Wakes for thoe now. Dreams haunt the hapless boil, Ghosts haunt tho night, Life crowns her living head, Love and Delight. Nay, not a dream nor ghost, Nay, but Divine- She thou hast loved and lust Waits to be thine '. Sho ceased, and & moun of Desire went up from all who heard. '' Thon tho Wandorer saw that thoso beside him tore at the bandages about their brows and rent them Ioobo. Only tho priosta who lay upon tho ground stirred not, though thoy also moaned. And now again sho sang, still holdiug her hand before hor face ' Yc that seek mc, yc that sue roc, Yo that llock beneath my tower ; Yc would win me, would undo ine, I must perish in an hour. Deid before the Love that alcw me, clasped the Drido and crushed the flower. Hear tlio word and mark tho warning, Beauty lives but iu your sight, Beauty faucs from all men's scoraiug In tho watches of the night, Beauty wanes before the morning, and Love dies in his delight. Shoccascd, and once more there was silence. Thon suddenly she bent forward across the Pylou brow (so far that itseomcd that sho must fall), and stretching out her arms &s; though to clasp thoso beneath, ahowocl all tlio glory of her loveliness. Tho Wanderer lookod, thon droppod his oyes as ono who has seen tho brightness of tho noon day sun. Iu tho darkness of his mind tho world wa9 lost, and ho could think of nought savo tho clamour of tho people which fretted his oars. Thoy were all crying, and none were listening. 44 Soo ! sco 1" shouted ono. 44 Look at her hair— it is dark, as tho raven's wing, and her oyes thoy are dork as night. ' ' Oh, my lovo, oh, lovo of mino!" 44 Seo ! eoo !" cried another, 44 were over skies so blue as thoso eyes of hers, was ever foam so whito as thoso whito arms." 44 Evon so sho looked whom onco I wed many summers gono," murmured a third, 41 oven so when first I drew her veil. Hors was that gentlo smile breaking liko ripples on tho water, hors that curling nair— hers that childlike g-raco." 44 Was over woman so queenly made?' said a fourth. "Look cow oa the brow of pride, look on the deep dark eves of storm, tho arched lips, and the Imperial ail. Ah, here indeed is a Goddess meet for worship." 44 Not so I sco her," cried a fifth, that man who had como from tho hoBt of the Apura. " Palo sho is and fair, tall indeed but delicately shapod, brown is her hair and brown arc hor great eyes liko tho eyes of a stag, and ah ! sadly slio looked upon me, longing for my love" 44 My eyes are opened!" screamed tho blind raau at tho Wanderer's side. 44 My eyes are opcuod, and I soo tho Pylon tower and tho 6plondid sun. Lovo hath touched mo on tho oyes aud thoy tiro oponcd. But lo ! not one shapo hath eho but many shapes. Oh, sho is Beauty's self, and no tonguo may toll her glory. Let rac dio ! Let rac die, for my oyes are opened. I havo looked on Beauty's self ! I know what all tho World journeys on to sock, mid why wo dio and what wo go to find in Death." to be continued. 