The Phantom Ship. nY .LOinrr J. GALE. * The Palatine I. The Palatine I" These words passed from lip to lip as the danners poured out of the hotel parlors to gaze at eomothing away off on the murky waters that epannedthe shores of Block Island. The evening was dark and dreary. Only now and then a star struggled into view from behind a cloud, and the pretty girls and the few beaux that could be mustered from the whirl of the cities preferred a dance in doors to "spooning" on the piazza. So when someone announced the appearance of the uncanny Palatine, very few were able to catch a glimpse of the fiery vision before it disappeared. "What is the Palatine?" inquired Kate Willard of the Harvard student upon whose arm she hung. " Have you never heard of Block Island's famous ghost? Miss Willard, you know every place of any note has its spooky legend, and this sea girt isle is not behind the rest of the world. In feact, here the suplrnatural takes uoon itself a unique form in the shape of a sea ghost; in other worde, it is a burn ing ship that is seen off the shore and then disappears." " Do tell me more about it. I love to hear legends," said Kate. " Well, once upon a time-that is the way to begin a story, I believe-when many of the islanders here were wreckers and pirates, they wreaked, robbed and burned a slip called the Palesntine. As a reminder of this dread ful deed the burning phantom appears ooes sionally, some say to herald a death on the island.", " flow interesting I And that was the phantom that appeared just now I How I wish I had seev it !" said Kate. xceusing herself, she ran to her room for a wrap and again sought the piazza, now quite deserted. Porching herself on the rail. in, she thought : " I don't believe it was the Palatine-I don't believe in the phantom at all. 1aut I shall wateh here, and perhaps the illusion may appear again. Of course there is no. thing supernaturalabout a lightiat sea. How foolish the islanders must be to-believe such a thing I" Philip Dayton did not see Kate as he and three other men stepped out on the piazza a few moments later. She hugged the pillar against which she leaned very closely, with the hope that she might pass'for a portion of it. Kate was not on the best of terms with Phil Dayton ; shohad been treating him badly, and deserved no pity it he looked supreately indifferent to her bewitching black eyes. " We can enjoy our cigars down by the shore, where we shall be more likely to see the ship if it appears again." It was Philip who spokle, and the four men descended the steps and hastened away. " I will go too ; I can easily keep them in sight, and even if I do not, there is nothing to harm me on this quiet island," said Kate to herself, as she slipped down from the rail ing and hurried after the group. The men walked very fast, a8d Kate was about to start into a run, in order to keep theiu in eight, when she Ieard a heavy tread behind her. This was alarmiug ; but worse was to coma; before shabe had token many more steps she fclt herseli seized, and a large, coalso hand was firmly placed across her mouth, while a thick voice sounded close in her ear. " I have you now, my fine lady I Yoen would not walk with me or even speak to me when I hung round you by the beach. But I have you now ! The old Palatius out there has not shown up for nothing I There's to be death on this island to-night-death, death 1" Kate'd blood froze in her veins. Sheio tried vainly to struggle, but the strength of a giant held her fast, and the pressure on her mouth was suflocating. She felt hersell hurried along by her captor. Presently, at a rafe distance from the hotel, the hand was wilt. drawn and a handkerchief substituted, but befors it was tightly secured a stifled, agonised scream escaped hboer. "Keep still I Yelling won't do no good. You're doomed-dcomed-doomed 1 I wanted you for my bride, but now that can never be. The old ship oua there is a sign of deith. Thei last time it appeared my father died, and the time bu'ore my grandfather. Now it is my turn, End you musdt go before me. I shall giro you a fiery "dath, for you are a witch. You have bewitched me." Kte did not faint in spite of her terrot, She rccognisrd her captor as a helf crazed irlsntder. He was known to her oniy as Amainal- Ziah he was most flequently called. llis brain had been "cracked." es his neighbore said, by reading blood.curdliog literatore. He had poroiie?ntly annoyed Kate duri:ng her daily rambles, and she had ahlways repelled him with unconcealed die. gust. A thousand appalling thoughts occurred to the poor girl. That she was in the power of a madman shebo fully realised. What was he going to do with her i Would he relly burn her as he intimated? Oh,if shohad not troubled herself about the phantom ship I Surely the old Palatine did portend evil, and that to others beside the Block Islanders. Where were Phil Dayton and his friends? If she could only make him hear he would forget that she had been a silly trifler when he saw the terrible danger she was in. Ziah took her in his arms and with rapid strides carried her to a remote part of the shore, toward an old hut that stood almost ruined and quite alone. Entering it, hae placed her on a ricketty bench and with strong cords bound her feet and haudd. Then he lashed her to the besch itself. Now, my darling, this shall be your funeral pyre. In India they burn widows after their husbands die, bit I choose to see my love go before me." Ifs gathered together all the loose materials in the hut, some papers, a little firewood, and an old stool which hIe broke up and placed under the bench. Great drops of perspiration were etanding on Kcte's forehead. She rolled her head from side to side in agony. The rubbing of the handkerchief against the bench loosened it, and before Ziah was aware of what his victim was doing, she gave one loud, terrific scream and then another. The maniac sprang toward her. " Icould knock you on thire head and keep you still," he said as he tightened the hand. kerchief with cruel force, "but I don't want Sto stun you, I want you to feel the fire. It will purify your soul and make you fitl to join me to.morrose You will oe burnt to a cinder before they miss gou, and before day dawnsI sball be uded too." SKatsa tried again' to looaen the galhlltg handkerchief, but Ziah had done hisworir well, and she cotild scream no mnore. STha manioalit a match, aid; to Katt's in. describable terror, applied' it to the paper, which soon' bhegan to ignite the wood. 'In another instant her clothing would catch. She gave up mll hope of life, and tried to frame in her heart the prayer which her poor, bound lipe were wholly unable to utter. Bat help was near. At thlie very moment a terrible poundiag restounded on th door, and almost immediately the rotten old titm. bers gave way. Z'ah sprang forwardlike a wild beast, but three nthletic Ipaire of arms aughlt him and held him fast, while Philip Dayton' kicked away the fire and cut theeords that co cruelly bound ioor Kate, Then she fainted, and Philip bore her tenderly out of the burning hut. while his friends boond the madman and led himnt to a plnas of safety. All that night Kate lay proaltrned, bit when her rollicking brother' Bhn camcrdowan on the boat from Newport next day aos was well enough ito listen to his oulogisms on Phil's bravery, not without a tell-tale blush, however,. "I thought you were going a trip to Canada this week," she said to him. (689 "'Oh, I ahana, my rum:,j:o ,,nBwerea !"You Eo Jack Luoa walltrd cno mtre to i make up his yaehtirg party for Newport, and the temptatioq was too great. We arrived there early this morning. By the w\ay, we were sailing off here leo6 night. Did we treo thePalatine? Oh, nol 1 wish we had, i~r really, Klte, I think it is a sign of a wed ding from the looks of thinge." Ben eauntered toward tho door, and as Ihe went out without even a backward glance, he added: " To think of our red fire creating such a Eenestion O, guillible humanity I Super stition did riot dio wih the dark ages." 