How it Affects Ratepayers. A rKiiTiNENT question regarding theValun- tion and Bating Bill is, " From whom lias the demand for this change emanated ?" Xo one who closely observed the fierce bidding for popular support ot the last general election, and who is still capable of remembering what then took place, can possibly have forgotten the prominenco given then by candidates on both sidts of politics to the necessity for con tinuing endowments to local authorities. It was a popular cry for tho ears of the masses. In the session of 1887 tho Griffith Government wcro desirous of reducing the umount of endow ment paid to municipalities. An Act was then passed providing for the con tinuance of the endowment for two years, hut the amount in each year wob not to exceed £85,000 for municipalities. It was apparently the intention of that party to reduce, if not to terminate, the endowment after the year 1890\. There was some alarm in the country. Many candidates were questioned on the subject. Many of tho replies were favourable to the continuance of the endowment. Especially was this so in replies given by candidates who came oat as supporters of Sir Thomas M'llwraith. After Sir Thomas M'llwraith had secured in Parliament a large majority tho same sentiment prevailed. During the two years of the administration of that party reduction of endowments to local authori ties wqb a subj cct tabooed by tho responsi bilities of personal honour and of politioal pledges. Therefore, so far as the public voice has ever expressed a public opinion on this subject, it has been adverse to the oourse now pursued. So far as the subject was ever dobatcd or considered it reached only to a diminution, not to a termination of endowments. Many candidates expressed themselves favour able to the continuance of £2 for £1 in divisions, but if reduction became 'neces sary, it ahonld bo gradual, ' so as not to cause either financial or industrial embar rassment to local authorities or, their em ployees. That was the state of public opinion.' when last the subject ' was .publicly. , .considered. The action re cently taken by the coalition Gov ernment is totally at variance with that opinion. Without the slightest regard to public sentiment, and in spite of expressed disapproval of such a course, the Government have carried through tho Assembly a series of measures which in volve much moro serious consequences to the people of. Queensland than tho moro cessation of the annual endowm'ent. First, let it he understood that tho provisions of the Amendment Aot 1887 do not in clude any endowment for municipalities after the present year. It has been plainly enough hinted that no endowment will ' bo available to any class of local au-. thorities after tho reduced endowments on the current year's rates have been paid.. In order to compensate for the loss of suoh a large proportion of thoir revenue it is proposed, that local authorities sliall bc invested with enlarged rating powers. It is in this phase of their financial legislation that the Government is floetly running, as if panic-stricken and 'ghost-haunted, far ahead, of public opinion.. This is a matter on which so much violonco is being dona to public opinion and so much more direct burden is being laid on all ratepayers, that tho largo class affected ought to have some opportunity of publioly expressing their views on - the proposal. There is a great- deal, of ' private ad verse comment amongst those persons, who toko the trouble to folioW the pro ceedings of Parliament. The inequitable- : nje'ss. the ' grosb < iirvidiousness, ithO 'ex-' ccpti6ndliajhstic«f": which' this 'ill-con- sidered' proposal carries ' are enough to arouso objection in reflective minds. It will not supply the compensation .required unless all its dospotie ' powor bo put into operation. Even those who havo . advocated it have admitted that the .powers of money-raising by rates aro excessive, and would not bo used by prudent men. But' the incidence of the oppression will he so invidious as to partially defeat tho' object of compensation. By exempting improve ments from valuation for rating purposes,, a procedure admirable in itself, apart from a measure which has peculiar and com plicated hearings, in most municipalities a small section of properties will be relieved of a portion of the impost hitherto levied on them, and even at a doubled or trebled rate they would hot be worse off ; in some cases, perhaps, better off. But where the volue of the site exceeds the value of the buildings, the ratepayer will be much worse off, and the maximum rate wall be necessary to compel owners of valuable sites to make up the loss suffered from the diminished income from other sorts of property. A property, for instance, tho site of which is worth £10,000, and the buildings £5,000; if valued now for rating purposes at its full worth and at 8 per cent on its capital value to get its annual value, would be assessed at £1,200. The amount of rate at Is. in £1 would he £60. Under the now pro posal the ordinary annual rate at 3d. in £1 of capital value of the land would amount to £125, or an increase of 150 per cent on present rates. In all shires where land is valued as country land, and in all divisions, no valuation is now made for improvements. So in such cases there will not beany set off to the increased rating power. In such an area the owner of a freehold now valued at £100, with 8 per cent annual valuation ond o shilling rate, instead of paying 8s. a year as now, will have to paj £1 5s. a year. This will affect a large number of small owners, especially in suburban shires. In a division like Booroodabin, every ratepayer will be liable for 2d. in £1 ordinary und 1A(1. in£l special rates. The man with a freehold worth £200, valued at 8 per cent, und rated at Is. in £1, now pays 16s. yearly ordinary rates ; under tho new proposal he may havo to pay £1 13s. -Id. ordinary rates, and £1 5s. speciul rates. So thatit isnotonly thelarge owners who will he mulcted by the new legislation. All sneers at the opponents of this taxation, all allegations that they are actuated only by selfish motives, are as iusolentas tlioy arc ridiculous. The new rating powers are intended to reach every ratepayer in every division in the coun try ; hut while reaching them and fleecing them there will bo a small class of rate payers in most municipalities who will be appreciably eased off. "Why, in a mea sure intended to save tho country from a finnncial crisis, should not every citizen, who is liable to rntal, ho expected to pay his share? But this excessive rating is unnecessary. If wo have been going too fast let us slow down. If we have been extravagantly providing roads for all future time let us resolve to pnt up with a little inconvenience, and leave some of tho road-making responsibility to pos terity. 