Parliamentary Extract. TUESDAY. Aftor a five week's recess, Parliament mot again on Tuesday last under tho auspices of tho Compromised Ministry. There was a good muster of uinmbers in thu Lower Houso, nud procetdine-s were such sis to vindicate the claims of tho lcgislntnro to the chief interest of the people All we c.in say is that if they keep thoir end up so high as a general thing, people will speedily forgot all about the strike. This would 1)0 ns it should be, for snroly tlio collective wisdom uro more th'tn the collection of lumpers and loafers. But, alas, it is only by a special effort that tho log can bo raised that high, and on the following day it was almost level with the ground ng iin. The sixty odd member.! present pretty ovculy divided themselves in each side, every Liberal — Q-room, Glassey, and Barlow included — ranging himself on the side occupied by his lute sainted, but now suspected, chief. Ministers and the raging Hoolan, suc cessor to tho Ernest Hurter, were sworn in, and then Mr. Donaldson announced his election as leader of Her Majesty's Oppo sition, consequent upon Mr, Morebcad declining the position. Sir Samuel, in tho coveted plice of Premier again, was very glad to find he had so mild an opponent in front of him, and was quite sure, a (.'rent many times, that they would all be a happy family. He then laid himself out for tho Ministerial Statement usual undor tlio circumstances. When it was made it tasted about us flat as overnight-drawn beer The statemont, however, that upon being sent for ho (Sir Sam) ' naturally ' sent for his bojom friend, Sir Thomas M'llwraith, drew a very hearty laugh from the Opposition. It is not so long ago that Sam wanted to sand the policeman for his present colleague. The rremior evidently tliouglit an explanation due to his selection of the black labor champion, Mr. Cowloy, as Minister for Linda, but tho 'other colleagues wero pissed over without remark. As for legislation, it was merely in tended to pass a few of tho late Govern ments nnpassod measures, as the ssssion was to be a short one and principally devoted to fiiiincc. Sir Samuel then went on to opon tho eyes of friends and foes by talking in a way that showed he wa3 a convert to Separation. Air. Donaldson was so utterly astounded by the charge of front that he asked for and obtained permission of the House to reply. The tone of the reply did not suit the Premier who complained of the thing as irregular, and a breach of good taste. Our senior and several other confident expectants of six weeks ago looked meekly sanctified as Mr. Donaldson rated the treacherous coalitionist for throwing his own devoted henchmen over iu favor of the man he wanted to lug and the man who waufcd to swamp thu land with servile labor. The leader of the Opposition, however, hoped to continue on friendly terms with all tho occupants of the Treisury Bench — with one exception. This touch of bitterness on the part of one so elllient of tho milk at human kmilncjs indicated the feeling borne by the members of tho Natioml Party to their whilom laailer. And hpfore the House rose there were plenty more indications. The Standing Orders having been suspended, Mr. Uodgkiuaoo, Miuister for Mines, intro duced a bill to amend the Goldfields Act Amendment Act of 1873 — in other words to keep Chinamen off the Kussell Kiver Goldfield. This field was discovered by the Chinese iu 1S8-1, aud in accordance with the Act now iu force, the discovers would be entitled iu a few daya to fossick for what gold that might have escaped the G years' search of Europeans. It was pioposcd to make them w»it an indifinitc period longer. Mr. Macrossan, virulently anti-Chinese as he ia and ever was, was staggered at this shainoful proposal, but Sir Sain nrgiii'd thero was nothing unfair about it. If the Chinese bad been ou the field and were driven off, then that would 'jo unfair, bnt in this case the Chinese had never been on it, and thero could be no liurin in keeping them ofE a little longer. Very lawyer-like, and very Griffith-like. The Chinese have been waiting six years, relying implicitly on the law of the sternly just white man, only to find tho law ruthlessly broken at the last moment, and all their hopes shattered and plans ovsrthrowu. And the great lawyer steps forward and glibly assures as there is nothing iu tho shapo of repudiation here — no unfairness whatever ! But if the Chinese only had votes, the great lawyer would have turned pale with rago at the very mention of such iniquity. The bill win passed through all its stages, and sent to the Upper House with the usual message. The Premier then thought there was nothing to do except go home, but the fun wns not yeb begun. Mr. Powers moved the adjournment of tho IXouse to investigate tho charge of Mount Morganism preferred by Sir Thoints M'llwraith against bis late colleagues in tho debato just boforo the longadjurnment. The ox Postmaster- General wanted to know exactly what Mount Morganisin was. Something very terrible be know.but instance was required And what specially surprised him was this. Before joining the late Ministry he had seen Sir. Thomas ftl'Ilwraith who said thero was' no reason wbv he should not ioiu. No reason why he, a young man, and uo doubt as good a young man as a lawyer ci'n be, should not join a Ministry tuinlcd with Morganism ! This was stwngo conduct on tlie part of a revored chief, Mr. Powers was all the moro curious about this mystoiimis Morganism seeing that all tho time he himself was in tho Cabinet he had never seen or suspected it. The member for Burum has a beastly knack of opening Hansard at awkward places, and was proceeding to give specimens of his skill when the technical question nf quoting from a speech of a previous debato of the same session was raised, and debated some what sharply, the conclusion arrived at being that tlio rule should novel' be enfoiced saved when the privilege was being abuse.l. In the present case it was manifest tho vast majority of the Houso wanted to put this spectre of Morganism to its probation, and to that eud Mr. Powers was permitted to dive into Hansard to his heart's content. A.ud he did. Out. of the mouth of the man who saw the ghost was the ghost proved to bo moonshine. Sir Thomas I%.w1 nf- firal-. »1vnn na 1\ia anTn raticnn fnt* lnnvinrv the Cabinet that bis colleagues bad refused to place £10,000 on the estimates for the Central ltailway Station (within a few hundred yards of the expensive Roma-street station}. As this did not raise a North Brisbane revolt in its member's favour, other rousons wero alleged, bnt it was not until the last day of tho lato Miuistry's occupancy of the Treasury Benches that a word was said about the ghost. When Mr. Powora concluded, tho appari tion was well and truly bill, so well that Sir Thomas beggod tho question by indignantly remonstrating with tho 'young man' for giving them a 'lot of garbage.' Ho then accused tho young man of eontemptiblo dupli city in pretending to consult him (Sir Thomas) about joining tho Ministry after he had joined. The yuung mau protested warmly again and again, but tho old ono stuck to it, and announced that ho had looked with great contempt on the other ever sinco. '/ho Treasurer then directed his nttontion to Mr. Pattison, reproaching him with his unfairness iu not speaking first and so allowing him (Sir Thomas) to reply. Mr. Pattisou at onco offered to make his quoti to the debato thoro and then, and after Bomo'admonitiou from the Speakor, this littlo arrangement was agreed upon, Sir Thomas to sit down until Mr, Pattison had spoken, and then he allowed to get up and contiuuo his speech, Tho statement of the BBiiior mombor for Rockhampton boirs a very '' backward in coming forward' air about it. &gain; and again he approached tho matter which ho had promised togivo the public six weeks ago, only to ramble off once more into conciliatory genera lities. As will be rcinombored ho had stated, in answer to Sir Tarn's charge of Mount Morgan. ism— which meant Hint Ministers were under such pecuniary obligttions to Mr. Pattison that they wore also undor his thumb — that no mombor of the Ministry was under such pecuniary obligations to him as Sir Thomas M'llwrdith himself. At length tbo following contract was read, dated Itock bampton, 3'Jth March, 18S8:— 'I have this d«y sold to Sir Thomas M'llwraith live thousand (5,030) shirea in tho Mount Morg.in G-old Mining Company, Limited, at and for the sum -of nino pounds (£9) per sharp, payable by purchaser's promissory notes — half at six (6) month*' and half at twelve (12) months' ditr-, with interest ut seven pounds (£7) par cent, por annum added, the purchaser tu have the option of cancelling tho sole should he think fit to do so at any time withiu six (G) month? from this date, the pur chaser to have the right of retiring tho pro missory notes at any time uiuler rebate of interest; scrip to bo attached to promissory uoto.s purchaser to receivo all coming dividends. ' William Pattison. 'I agrco to purchase ou terms airt condi tions as above. 'Thomas MoIlwbaith.' Mr. Pattison continued : The hon. member knows very well tho conversation we had in to what ho would do before the end of th ? ye.ir. Tho lion, meinbar had six montln from the 30th March to wry out this purchase or ti cancel it. 'Within sic weeksof tho maturing' of theso bills, as the lion, menber will no doubt l'iicullocS, he had handed to him nccounfc sales of portion of thoio shares with my chmiue for £17,003 5s— no5 as it appeired m Hansard, that I Imt let him off the tr.ius nation . That wai within six weeks of the date lnouttonsd, and he wis allowed tha rebate. The Co'onial Treasurer : According to contract. Mr. Pdttison : According to contract, Sir I sold the shares, but I will uot Bay who had to brar tho birden. Certainly tho lion, gentleman did not, because he got cash, aud I have some of tbe bills yet. I repeat that no member of this Assembly, was ever under the simo aecojnmodation to mo as the hon. gentleman was, if it was an accommodation. Well do we remember (bein» then in Iljck hamp'-on) lion- gleofuly the Morginia1-. organ camo out with the big transaction — 5000 shares at £9, total £15,000, and by SirTiio.ua* Mll wraith .' Not a word about accommodation. It was snppiseJ to bo spot cash. Mount Morgan wore then in the bio lining fivshuos if its boom, and tho transaction sent it up like well a directed puff under a soap-bubble. No wonder the vendor preso.ited tho purchaser with £17,000 odd within a short space of time. And no wonder either tint tho former still holds some of tho pap ;r. Nobody bu'. himself knows the quantity oE papor lie hoUli. Tiio fact is Billy Pattison is tho best of friends, and where a friend ia concerned not very particular to a few thousands At the time of the transaction Sir Thoims M'llwraith was something moro than a friend, almost a demigod, anj beiag also a canny btisineis man, was tilliwud to draw out any k;nd of contract ho liked. And when the shares were sold Billy gave Taininie the money and kept the paper himself, and what is more he has got it yet — which is perhaps moro than the other fellow can say about the monsy. Perhaps too tho return for such generosity is not after all much other than the generous expect to ivceive in this un grateful world. As for Sir Thorn is, he repudiated any obligation whatever. Was it not all in the bond ? Being pressed t) give soino concretion ti Mount Morgmism, he respanied thualy : — ' 'When you saw tho Premier, Mr. Morehoad, coining up these stairs, if you turned round yon would see Billy Pattison coining up after him. And you could aee them together about town and in their offices dny after day. It was not the business of the country that they wero doing, bnt Mount Morgan. I do not say that the transactions between them wero dis honounib'.e. ]W-. Pntti30ii : Thoro were none. Mr. Morehead: I had none. The Colonial Treasurer: I will tako thn hon. membor's word ; but I know, from the lnng ami intimate experience I had ot him, the offent of Mount Morgan on His mi ml, because ho was never cut of it. Mr. Morehoad's reply was very short. It contained this passage: 'I remember well -I do not know whether he does — that when ho left for .Tapan, he came to me — at that time he was pretty well interested in Mount Mor gan — and almost his last words wero these : ' You will let me know by cable how you got along ?' I Slid, ' Certainly.' Then he said, ' You might put one figure at the end stating how Mount Morgans are. I will not assumo that he was inspired by Mount Morgauism when ho said that. However, I did not do it. I did not consider that Stato telegrams should be used as a moans of conveying privato iu formation.' And also this, which wo give ns exemplify ing the feeling now existing between the lato head of a party and his lieutenants : I have nothing moro to say except to call attention to tho fact that at the time of the foundation of our Christianity there was a certain follower of tho Saviour who hold tho big. Thero wns not much in it. There is not much in it now, and I think his antitype holds tho position of Treasurer of this colony at tho present momont. But that terrible little ' hatter ' was still to bo dealt with, and never did tlio inoisive Jack Mncrossau make a more biting and convincing exposition. Not only did tho Mount Morgan ghost evanish but the various later reasons for tho present Treasurer loaving the late Cabinet likewise dissolved into thin nir, mid he was nailed down relentlessly to the £J.'j,003 and un infernal temper. According to Mr. Macrossan, the only ?' ism ' iu the Cabinet was Mcllwraithism and thero was too much of that. Mr. Macrossarr had absolutely refused consent to Sir Tliomss resigning bis Premiership, us ho could have gone to Japan and perhaps come back well enough to resume duties. But Sir Thomas had used au invinci ble argument: 'The hon. gentleman told me this on the day I consented . That ho had nut only made up his mind never to take nffiue a^aiu, but that ho had promised a certain individual who was dearer to him than any othor person iu the world that he would resign and never tako olfico again.' Mr. Macroisan, whose long speech abounded with terso telling points, was followed by Mr. iilack, and then an altercation ensued over Mr. Powers, the Treasurer tardily offering to accept the former's statement after it had been proved up to tho handle. Tho Hon. J. M'Mucrossan : You were a long time about it. The Colonial Troasnroi1 ? When tho hon. gentleman said he had not been appointed until next morning I accepted his stitemout. Tho Hou. J. M. Macrossati: You did not accopt it, Tho Colonial Treasurer : I did. I said : Produce tho paper* and I will givo you iny explanation. What more could 1 do ? Mr. Morehead: You did not accopt it until tho papors wero produced. Tho Colonial Treasurer ; I am not going to bo bullied by my lato colleague. I won't accept it from him. If tbo lion, member thinks he can d - it, ho is very much mistaken. f am uot to bo bullied by him or anybody else. Ho knows that very well. M-*, Morehead : I do uot. Tho Colonial Troasnror : Yos you do. Sir Sara, who never nevor, or, at least, hardly ovor, indulges in slangwliangiug hiuisolf, now favored the boys with somo fathorly advice aud thon, about 9 o'clock, all wont trooping out, acknowledging that Parliament wasn't such a bad place after all. Almost as good as tho play. Iu the Council tho attompt to suspond the Standing Orders so as to pass through tho Russell River' Chinese Suspension Bill, or whatever it is called, was objected t) by Mr. Thynne, so notice had to be given. The Triennial Parliaments Bill was read a socond tirao, and tho Honso adjourned at 4.48. WEDNDSDAY. After the Lord Mayor's state coach comes a, costor.nongor's shandridao, and after Tuesday's (torgaous display of Parliamontaryism, comes Wednesday's as flat and dull and stagnant as ditch-water. Sir Sarauol correctod Hansard in a few particulars, tho revisod estimates re ceivod a recommendation fr#m tho Govorn inent, and Tozer declined to answer a question ro questioning the right to boon an electoral roll, becauso it was a legal question. A few weeks ago Mr M'lerossin returned a vory similar answer to a question, and Sir S»tn then wanted to know if there was no lawyer in the Mi. intry fit to givo leg il opinions. It would seem there is none in the present Ministry. Mr. Agnew, who wau'.ed to know, yon know, the intentions of the Government towaids the Sandgate railway extension, w.ia very prettily *:.s'.vered that the intontions were disclosed in the Estimates — where the name of the exten sion docs not occur. The Lircony Act Amendment Bill, tho Prisons' Bill, nnd tho Mtrried Women's Property Bill, all intro-luced by the previous Government, were oaeh read a saaond timo, and the House adjourned at tho early hour of 5 By way of change, or contrast, the debate in in Council was as livoly (for it) as proceedings in another place wera the reverse. On the day_ previous the Government had a big majority up-»tairs and wanted to rush tho Russell River matter through at once. This littlo game was baulked by Mr. Thynne objecting to the mupenjion of Standing Orders, so that notice had to bo given for next day. But next day by somo blundering the G-ovornment fomad thom3elvc« in a miBOrity and were afraid to tackle the measnro, and thero was nothing left for them excopt to take it out of Thynno. For this purpose Mr. Macionald-P»tcrsou moved the adjournment so tint Mr. \V. H. Wilson, leader of tho Government, might sUte tha latt loader. The slating, however, wai of tbo most milk anil watery order, so that McD.-P. himself had to mako it as hot as he could wlmu speaking in reply, Messrs. Murray -Prior, Thynne, Box, and Urcgirj spoke iu favor of the objection iiMda tt the suspension of tin Standing Orders, and Mr. Brentnatl on tho otbor aide. While McD.-P. was speaking in reply, Mr. Thyono made aeveral iuterjec'.iont, when the President said, ' The ho:i. (jentlomas mast not inter rupt.' Hereupon McD.-P. observed : I may here ultimate that 1 have not the bast objec tion to tbo hon. member interpolating occasionally. The President: Rut I have; those inter ruptions are vory improper, in this House particularly. Tint's it ; if you want to be disorderly go down bslow. ' Tho Triennial Parliaments Bill passed throush committee, and ths House only sue I ceeded in nUjrarning two or threo minutes I before ths gentry in another place. THUKSDAY. Our readers will find full particulars of this day's proceedings in the Mansard which wo present with this issue. ? ' ? 