Points. Somebody wants to organise a railway station advertising company, with a capital of £13,000, on which it is alleged large dividends could be earned. Teob thing looks so good on paper that the marvel is that some capitalist does not go for the whole concern. ; ' Db. Pontis was rather disposed himself to go for the lot, but reflection suggested to him the inhumanity of depriving the honoured directors of any chance of a bite at the plum.' Anyway, not many mouths ore neoeBsary to eat up that plum. Aokkts-Geekoal are now tormenting the first lord of the Treasury over Australian postal affairs. Sokb of the churches made a long day of it on Christmas Day. Divine services nearly squeezed out the usual time for plnm pudding. farmers at Biarra have had a real good time over that travelling dairy; quite regretted its depirture. — _ Jotx about thiB time of the year turkey -breed it g ought to look up a bit. At auction before Christmas they were Bold as high as Us. a couple, and were in.great demand even at that high figure. Quits a pretty picture provided a: the Hemmant station Boxing Day. j The seating accommodation in tho waiting rooms being filled, couples waiting for the train, betock themselves to a grass plot on the shady side of the station. At first one or two found a nice resting place there and the grass being fairly long, thoy went in tor a little spooning. In the eouree of a quarter of sn hour other oonples noticed the advantage of the situation, ar d sat down on the grass too. Ov course with so many the little game of the first comers was spoilt, but, nevertheless a | photograph of the gronp would have been interesting. Poob Spargeon, down sg&rn; at toe meroy of his old enemy. O&nnot; stind a London winter. A fous will bo givon to anyone who can fore* tell how many revolutions there will be in Brazil. Whkx once you set the wheel of revolution revolving, nobody can tell when it will stop. The permaccnt labourers at London aooks desiro to paddle their own canoe. This is the weakness of one eido and the safety va4ve of cbe otbc* fide of the labour tniehine. IBhms'challenges the world to fightliim. Our Dr.' Points aocepts, oombatarits to stand ore on each nide of the Atlnntio. • Thb Jtnokolew powder intended for mo in the Austrian army is now declared to be per f c'.. Beside* its initial advantage of being smokeless, U is eatd to give a velocity ?omo 20 per c&nt; greatrr than that of the ordinary j powder. 1 - i Thk Spans h bull fighters, having •coo j qaered high society in xhHh, have boon re j caived lately in the *atno circle in Madrid in evening drwe. Formerly they were obl'gnd lo wear their war paint. * Next year thoy will | be seen in London. { Amo^q the many things,''good; bad, and } indifferent, for wtich tho Eiffel To*er io re j rpoiipiblo, Pre the following addition* to tho j French vocabulary: "Toureiftfrlninanta," J ttonreiffelepquo," and *'tonreiffilee'* ! What funny follows the Railway Commie* I «fionera are j They have i^ned a bock entitled "Time i tables and Fires," but the dootor. cannot find > the scaioa faree m it. ' ' : Axothbb injustice to Ireland. O'dhea's rait against Farnell for diyoroo. 1 "Vkey cuto of O'Shea to keep O'Sheinthebaok-" ground till the great trial vas over »- • ■ 1' Ir Farnell cannot be extinguished by the Times he is ndt to escape aoalp free out of the limn of? his tribulation. r : } This eablogram after all may he a canard/* seeing that Charles Stewart F. is so' very? reserved, reticent, and self-restrained.; - i i Anyway it will be to him a new and disbom-? posing feature in the compliments of the season.''-) Tub big issno of the Christmas Wttk was"' cleared out. " -s A Minino Phenomenon.—The ? Gympie Qreat Eastern has more than repaid ' the British shareholders the £90,000 they paid forv the mine. " - ■ Thb other afternoon a South Sea islander'' went into a shipping offioe, and asked for a*; tiokot for Hackay. ■ t-o d When asked his name he showed a little o hesitation, but eventually raid simply,"? "Johnny." • -.set As bo would give no further informatinh, folks t began to wonder whether it was the •"Johnny" '? ef JBunya fame. Aw inspection from a refipecttul illitimoe,'. however, proved that he was net the terror. ' Mount Moman shares sold in Melbourne, at !.i £7 Is.; but were they bought at that price P1 < A Tan reason for asking is that whan great stud rams were sold at many guineas per head, it wag usual to throw in fiOO or 1,000 aheepfor,-: nothing extra. Fboudb and Gladstone write to Pukes about West Australia. You may " bet" that Parkes first wrote to them. . \ .1 A EECipaociir treaty between New Zealand and South Australia is to be formed; so it'is' said. . 1 Should never have thought it though, be* cause it is extremely unlikely, on the ground of •> similarity of their products. : It is not truo that the Civil Service Board r will rejeot all applications from native Queans-', landers, because the board is composed of an:' English Anglican, a Scotoh Presbyterian, and ••' an Irish Somen Gatholio.. r. . You cannot beat the Englishman; fori; amongst his favourite sports in the hottest of : weather is horseraoing. . ' ■ ' : The railways ought to pay if they do not; 0 that i3 if they could got trade enough. A shall box, coating 4s. carriage from : Sydney to Brisbane, cost 3s. from Brisbane to ( Sandgate. • • As.i Owe is afraid to say how muoh' per ton that' ■ rate of oharge would be, because if there.weraS. much trade of that sort a private railway-would > be made. ' •''' » AccOEDiNa to' a message in a bottle, found at the Heads, at Wellington, all the crew1 of the '•* County of Carnarvon had been washed ovar* '» board, with the exception of three,: "who did*' not expect to survive an hour as the vessel- was " then sinking." A stbanob death of a child near Kiama is reported. ' The shock of seeing a " ghost" in : a juvenile game brought oh paralysis, which -' ended fatally. It is stated that Peter Kemp, the Hawkesbury bculler, who has claimed the championship, is' perfectly agreeable to measure bladba with -- either M'Lean or Neil Matt arson, three weeks- > after the date of their raoe. AccoEDDiQ to Mr. Habhle, one of-the vain ators under the Pastoral Lands Act for South - Australia, rabbits in tie north and north-east of the oolony are very numerous. ' ■ " Is is estimated by Mr. F. O. Lioht that the •' Enropeau beet crop of the present season will • give a Burplus of 681,000 tons of sugar. Poou old Dom Pedro is quits inoonsolahje'' about his wife's death, or afraid he too may bo ~ caught by that epidemio. - - Stanley, the explorer, has a little sooouht'. ofXl0,000 to be fettled by Tippoo Tib. About:' the best-thing Tippoo can do is to " Hp up." ' What i9 in a name? Americans speak of. "Independence Bay," Queenaianders of' " Separation Day," South Australian* of •' - " Foundation Day." ' n Bah ! Master O'Connor, the rower, is going : to leave open for three months his challenge to row anyene for the championship of theworid. - At tbo end of the three months he will shut .1 up the ohallengo and oiaim the ehampionship but will it he in the closed up challenge f The " pea is not under that thimble. 1 Sib Samuel declines to be drawn; or rather ; the well is deep, and the interviewer had nothing wherewith to draw. Thb first returns reoeived in Paris after th* - recent election -wore from Cochin China. This was duo to the docks in Cochin China being seven hours in advance of Paris time, so that-' the telegraph was able to transmit the newa before even the Paris results were known. There is a great differenoe between a rooep- . tion with open arms and a reception with' loaded arms. At Wellington Point a few days ago a young, harum-scarum fool rode his horse into, deep water. When ho wanted to return the quadra-;.' ped did not quite comprehend the marine situa tion. : He indulged in cqu-strisn gymnastics of snch a d.ngorous sort that his rider got frightened. The brute refused to head round.' for tbo ehoro. dil-stoneor two mounted companions came to the rescue and saved the frolicsomeyoath'a . home from bereavement. Matob Stkphehb gave bis civic men.somes., thing besides salt to cat, but a portico of .the civics refused to make themeolves merry .at his i] expense, or even to eat bis salt. - It was vnstlv more their loss than his, for ' the dinner really was a neat little affair. . .*" The latest Parisian novelty in gloves has h" small purso inserted in the palm, whereinv wom<-n can carry their railway-tickets and small coins. • The pott has ssid FnoH'tlie numbcr'of persons seen politely apologising to lampposts for having eannonad - against' thorn-o'n New Year'sKve the Doctor '1*' inolined to beliero that ' - '' • - If msn wants little.hero below,,' Ho vf'tmta.that little etropg. 