CHECKMATED. By Captain L’Estiianol', Tho world had gone wrong with mo lately, so to speak. I, Gerald Mortimer, a^ HO lO tlJJUtwv. a, uuuH't ^ man about town, a member of two West-e lUllit UUUIU kUttil, »4 fUV.MUVl. “ • clubs, ami of expensive if not cxlravaRi-nt tastes, had quurreilcd with my .do—tho only living relative I iuul, excepting a half •cousin from whom hitherto I had received, a hamisomo quarterly allowance, and, as tho phrase goes, had “ great ox-pcctatious.” But this was not tho worst of u. 1 was dosporatoly in lovo with a very pretty girl, and though no actual engagement existed between us, Iliad fondly bolioved I was acceptable not only to tho young Indy in question, but to her parents. Now, however, to add my __ lM)n, llun uitl, vw w'*u ^ , chagrin at linding myself comparatively with* , 1 fancied, rightly or wrongly, that out moans,-.—.ww,., .^ -- I was receiving tho “cold shoulder’’ lromtho father and mother of my adorable Mabel. To live and clothe myaolf decently, pay tho somewhat hoavy subscription to my two clubs, and keop up tho aforementioned rather expen sive tastes, I had just two hundred pounds a sivu iivntva, x vuv , , 1 - . voar—tho rental of a small landed property bequeathed * 1 A uequuuwuu to mo by my lato father. My uubts, to bo sure, wero neither overwhelming nor particularly pressing. A couplo of hundred or so would pay them ; but then, again, that couplo of hundred was twelve mouths’ income. Tnis uncle of mine, my doad father’s older brother, from whom my chief source of in com o had been derived, was a country squire, with a big rent-roll, jovial and hospitable as a rulo \>.«4 nrti,nn^l*ln f r. it rlrtrfl“On. ’1 IlimolllCf 1)0 but eccentric to a degree. flho mischief be tween ue had coroo about as unexpectedly ns it was sudden. I had boon accused of that of which I was as innocent ns a babe, and in hotly repudiating tho chargo had given diro ofTenco. However, although parting in anger, it was not until my monetary allowance was stopped that I realised tho bitterness of tlie quarrel, John Mortimer, my half cousiu^ was a young allow about a year or two my junior; but some Fhow, although so near of an ago. as well no being relatives and frequently meeting, wo had uovor taken kindly to each other. And now I shrewdly suspected that whatever of mischief ilirewuiy Buairevwu wtuv '•>» —— iad stepped botween my undo and mo had been rought by Master Jack Mortimer, and dcler VlUUgUb UJ *.w. , .. hat it should not bo my fault if lie wore not jroughtto book. . . However, after whnt I have written, and uuch more, having been tho subjects of my .boughts for Bomo days, i determined to make a uat ortort to sot inatters right with my undo, X tad been accused of gambling—of having lost ipwnrds of live hundred pounds at cards at one ittiiig—which was utterly false; for whatever ay failings, tho curse of gambling could not be oekoned amongst them. One spring morning, after a night journey of . couplo of hundred miles from town, found mo ,t tho nearest railway station to my uncle s aanor, with no luggago beyond a small travel ing bag Rud a rug. The little market town rhero I alighted was but Uvo miles from the lull, and breakfasting at the one docent hotel in ho place, I elected to walk the distance, leaving uy encumbrances in chargo of tho landlady, to t’hom I was well known. On the way, ami especially when I arnvod at he park, tho unpleasant feeling was strong upon no that my uncle might decline to grant me tho nterviow which I now nought. Liko the renerality of hot-tempered people, his passion vus soon over; and yet, when disposed, ho could )o as obstinate us most men, us Ins brother nngistratos had proved on many occasions. But 0 my agreeablo surprise I was told, after my irrival had been announced by one of the old servants—a strange oxporicnco to mo than to mvetoHOiulin my name—that “tho hquiro’ would como to mo in tho library at onco. “ Whatever feeling of hope might havobcon in my heart as to a reconciliation between us suddenly left it as my uncle entered. His hand somo and usually kindly old faco was dark with displeasure, and there was a cold, contemptuous glance in his bluo eyes us thoy mot tnino which 1 had novel- seen boforo “ Ilavo vou no sonso of sbamo loft, Gorald Mortimer,’’ho said, in a hard voico, after ho had closed tho door behind him, 1 ‘ that you havo tho olYxontory to como to this house Y—you, who have disgraced tho name you boar-—dis graced tho memory of your gallant fathor, who died for his country—and have committed a vulgar crime ugaiust society and mo ?” “ I fail to understand you, sir,” I rejoined utterly astounded at his words. If you are alluding to tho accusation you mado against mo as to gambling, I repudinto it now as I did boforo. In fact, I am boro to-day to try'* “Pshaw!” lie interrupted. - “Honest moil have gambled : and in time I might havo for given it, if you had stopped at that, ami shown your regret for what had pissed. But you— you, a Mortimer—to stoop to forgery.’’ “ It is false,” I cried—1“ false as tho other chargo.. And whnovur has poisoned your mind against mo, lies in his tooth !” “ Gerald Mortimor, do not add falsehood to vour other misdeeds,” continued tho squire; '“ for, unhappily, I hold tho proof that you, my own nephew, have forged my name,” ^ And, as ho spoke, my uncle took from tho breust of lus ahoolmg-jaokot, a lottor, from which, when uufoldcd, ho produced a smaller picco of paper. “ Examine that, sir," he nddod, “ nud lot mo hoar if you have tho offrontory to likowiso deny your own signatureY’’ I could scarcely credit ray own oyesight when I looked at what was written within. It was a dishonoured aecoptanco for six hundred pounds, littlo over tlirco months before upon (chard Mortimer, Esquire, and signed Gerald [ortimer, and apparently duly accepted by my I ‘^Well. avo you to say “ That I h; " asked ho, impatiently, “what this document be- I ire to-day,” I nnswered. “ What!’’ ho thundered. “ Bo you daro to ! iny to mo your own signature, which I know \ i well ns I do my own “ I do deny it!” I added, passionately. “ The gnaturo is so good an imitation of miiio that inlor ordinary circumstances it might do* *ivo even myself;' but I swear to you, r, that I nover drow or accepted a bill iu my 1 think that my undo believed me, for tho wholo expression of his faco changed; but, itill, as he took tho bill from mo ho glanced at it again and again with a puzzled look, for, ns will presently appear, thoro was somo confirm atory ovidcuce in his mind, in addition to tho handwriting. Seeing that ho hesitated, and was not just then disposod to speak, I added: “ Will you pleaso toll mo, sir, all that has noutiou witiithat forged acceptance!” “ Yus,” lie replied, “ that is only fair. As I understand it was presented in duo course to tho Loudon agents of my bankors, who, having received no instructions, declined to pay it. On being communicated with, I repudiated all knowledge of such draft, until, tomyhorrof, I learned that it boro your signature, when, to savo tho honour of our family, I gave instruc tions that it should bo taken up. At tho same time I desired that inquiries should bo insti tuted ; and tho person in whose hands it was— a West-cud money- lomlcr—assorted that he discounted the bill for you, and, further, that you wore known to him personally. Hero is his numo at tho back of tho bill, and what purports to bo your ondorsomeutto him. “ It is ns faUo aB tho rest, sir,” I said, a fow moments later, when I had taken a second glanco at tho forged bill. “I know tho man by name, but I know nothing good of him. I havo hud no transactions with him—iu fact, nover spoko to him in my life.” “ You declare this upon your honour, Gerald Mortimer Y” nskod my undo, after a pause. “ I do, sir,” I added, “ and I am going back to Londou at onco to faco this rascally money lender.” “You will stay hero until to-morrow,’* said ray uncle, looking at bis watch. “ I want time to think, utul to talk tho matter over quietly.” “If you pleaso, no, sir,” I rejoined, deter minedly. “The answering of an iufumoua chargo liko this admits of no delay.” “Butyou have boon travelling all night, I expect,” uddod tho squire, “and requiro some rest, surely?” The words wero kindly meant and exprossed, butlwas resolved to depart, and after a hasty luncheon I was driven in a dog-cart to tho railway station, being just in tirao to call for my bag and rug, and cutch on up fast train. Tho following morning shortlj' boforo 11 o’clock found mo at tho office of tho money lender who had hold tho forged acceptance, and who had usserted that ho hud received it from Much to ray chagrin, howovor, I was told that ho was not in, and would not bo at busi ness till the morrow. Thorn was but one soli tary clork in tho oflico, a oluirp-eyod old raau, who glinccd at rno curiously, and, as it occurred to mo, as though I was not unknown to him: and moreover, on declining to give my name, I fancied tho ghost of a smile playod about his thin lips. After leaving tho monoy-londcr’s ofTico I strolled along Piccadilly to the park. Being just then iu tho height of tho souson, and a I brilliant morning, tho Row was pretty full of | oqueatrUns, many of whom wore known to me. I I hod been leaning over tho railings for some ! time, • but happened '£o turn; round at the moment a carnage, was -passing along the drive’ - 1 going westward. In it' were seated my adorable Mabel and her father,' and as I raised my hat, the fair object of my .affection gave ms a.p little bow and a half-xrightonod smile; but, to . I rcy disgust unit auger, tho gentleman vouch* snfcd not tho slightest ticknowIcdgmeiK to in) salutation. Considering that, if not actually uu accepted suitor of hia daughter, my pretensions had not been ignored, and that for two seasons I had boon u wclcomo visitor to his house, tins slight was, to say tho least ot it, offensive. However, I was only being taught tho difference between an heir- prosumptivo to much wealth ami a young man with two hundred pounds n year. Tho following day I was to havo another odd oxpcrionco of life, but of a' far diileront kind. I waa to meet with a case of the most unparal* lclod impudence and audacity that surely man over encountered. About tho same hour as on tho previous morning I onco more called at tho ofiico of tho monoy-Icnder, hill discounter, or wiiatcvcrho might stylo himself, and, as though I woro expected, was immediately ushered into liia private room, unannounced an to name. Ho was youug, well-dressed, and not bad looking, and received mo with a very cool “When I tell you that I am Mr. Goralil Mortimer,” I said, “you will guess tho object of my visit.” “Thoro is no occasion _ to givo mo your name,” was tho cool rejoinder, “ for I have too much cause to remember it and you. It beats me, Mr. Gerald Mortimer, how you havo the assurance to show your faco hero again after foisting upon mo a forged bill. “You infamous Bcoundrel,” I exclaimod, almost besido myself with rage, “yon know this is tho first tiiuo that ever you apoko to mo in your life, and you havo the audacity to sit thcro and uvr>w that I have had transactions with you. , „ . “ Go on, mv friend,” rotorted tho follow, with an insolent laugh. “No,” Indded, “ Ilmvo nothing more to say to you. Thopolicoaru tho proper parties to deal with such rascals as you. Mark mo, man, you and your accomplices in this conspiracy shall fool tho penalties of tho law. You havo forged or connived at tho forgery of both my uuclo’s signature and mine, nud you. shall sulfor for it.” I Tho scoumlrol laughed defiantly as I walked I out of his room—a scofliug, mocking laugh that I I could hear until I got into tho street. Onco clear of this infamous den, my llrst idea was to go to Scotland Yard and place tho matter in tho hands of the polico authorities ; and 1 nctuallv went some distanco towards Charing Cross with that intention in my mind. A littlo thought, however, induced mo to decide upon taking tho advicoofan old friend of mino boforo doing anything further. IIo was a man my senior by only a year or two—for wo lmd been school | follows—'imt one upon whoso good oilkea and knowledgo of the world I could thoroughly (^n reaching his chambers in tho Albany ho ro- I ceived me kindly. Then, when ho lmd listened to my story, ho said : “ A rascally business, Gorald, niy boy, and Iqneslionif your llrst idea of going direct to Scotland Yard would not havo boon tho host thing you could havo done. Howovcr, there will bo nothing lost by waiting until to-morrow. Hino with me to night, go with mo to the opera, and then you shall have my decision boforo wo “ Agreed!” I answered ; and having gone homo to dress I joined my friend later on. Over dinner ho told mo that ho had already como to tho conclusion that I must see the police, and it was arranged that lie should accompany mo to Scotland Yard on tho follow , ing morning. It was rather late when wo got to Covont Garden Theatre, but wo woro in time for tho last two acta of tho opera, and stayud out tho ballet. On getting down into tho lobby there was a bit of a crush, for there lmd been a very full houso, and wo had to wait for a minuto or two. Atlongth, as wo wero making our way out, somobody pushed against mo—rudely, as it soomod—and I turned to sco who was tho n<?<,restJor. To my astonishment I discovered that tho man standing nearest to mo, and who must havo boon tho person who jostlod mo, waa tho rascally money-lender with whom I had had tho interview that morning. Ho waa evidently only waiting to sco tho people depart, for ho waa not in evening dress, and as our eyes mot, there was nn insolent, aggravating sneer on his Possibly tho push which tho follow gavo mo might havo boou accidental, but tho sneer nud tho insolent looks were not, ami without a thought of whore I waa—that ladies woro almost touching mo on tho other side—I struck him. Straight from tho shoulder ne ovor it went in my life, my right fist caught him full in tho mouth, and ho wont down with a crash. It was all over in a fow seconds. Somo people came botwcou us, my friond seized mo by tho arm, and presently wo woro in a hansom cub, boing being driven westward. “ Gerald, my boy, wlmt wero you thinking about ?” Baid my companion when he had got me into tho cab. “ In tho names of pouco and ardor, my donr follow, what hud tho man done to you that you should knock him down liko that?” , , “ Dono to mo 1” I answered, hotly. “ It was tho follow wo woro spooking of to- day—the rascally money-lender who iorgod, or at all events held that hill.” “Oh, oh!” ojaculutcd ray frioml, laughing softly; “ I understand it all now. Nevertheless, you would havo been a wiser man if you had kent ycur hands otf him.” “I could not help it,” I rojomed. “He wished against mo as wo woro coining out, and if you had scon tho eueer that waa on his face, I fancy you would havo dono as 1 did if you had been in my place.” “Perhaps,” was tho admission, “but anyhow wo must bo boforo him in tho morning, or wc may havo him invoking tho aid of a magistrate instead of ourselves.” Tho cab was pulled up just then to toll the driver to Uko us to one of tho. two clubs of which I was a member, littlo thinking at the moment of tho terrihlo sight of which uiy friend and I woro shortly to bo witnesses by going thorn. In tho stnoko-room, on our arrival, wc found several men, well known to both of us, and amongst them a Guardsman in uniform wiio had been on duty, and looked in on his way to his chambers. Wo hud not been many minutes in tho club when ono of tho waiters rushed into tho smoko room—a pale and afTrightod look on his faco— with tho startling announcement that ono of tho members was lying, oithcr dead or dying, on a couch in tho card room. Springing to our feet wo hurried iu a body to tho adjoining apartment, and never shall I forgot tho bcouo which a moment or two mot my eyes. Lying on ono of tho couches, his limbs and /o«turo" fixoil in the last torrihlo convulsions of death, was my own cousin,Dick Mortimer, ami almost us wo arrived there, nil was over. ^ Apo plexy somo of tho men said it was, but poisoned by lus own act it proved to be when tho doctors had examined tho body, uud tho inquest hud been hold. Tho cause of death, however, I guessed at that night, or, inoro correctly speaking, in tho early hours of tho morning, when I returned to ray rooms. Lying on tho tablo I found a lottor from my unhappy cousin, which had arrived during my absence. In it ho confessed, out of a spirit of piiiuo and rovengo, to having forgod my name to tho bill and our uncle's accoptauco of it. Ilis accomplice, tho money-lender, ho further suited, was to havo tho proceeds for conniving at this criminal transaction, and, iu fact, had boon the ono to suggest tho schomo for ruiningmo. I telegraphed at onco to tho aquiro, and ho arrived tu town with tho least possible delay. In the interval, tho polico hud boon at work, hut their endeavour to arrest tho roguo of a money-lender had been fruitless. His clerk was found at the ofiico, but professed to know nothing, and liis master,so jar as I havo been ablo to learn, was seen no more. IIo had drawn a largo cheque upon his bank, leaving but a balaucoof a fow pounds, on tho previous after noon, and tho last that waa known of him was when I knocked liitn down at Covcnt Garden Theatre. 1,1 That I was restored to ray uncle’s favour and to my old position as to “expectations,” it is scarcely necessary for mo to relate ; but it may bu interesting if I add that I marriod Mabel, aud therebv becamo otic of tho most happy of mortals. • 'iFiekhj Jitutt/i'i. Tho present Pope (says the l\tll Mall Gazelle) is determined to move with tho »ge. It is not only that he leaves tho Vatican at times, but ho opens part of it which tho public hitherto know only by reputation. IIo has now Riven diroe tious that tho Borgia galleries bo thrown open. Among tho 11,000 rooms of tho Vatican this suite has been quite forgotten, and yet it was onco tho vory residence, the actual living-rooms, of tho Popes. Alexander VI, had them deco, rated by Pinturicchio, who came down to paint them, stopping ou hia way at Perugia and Orvieto. Then Sixtus V, thought the apartments too sunk, and built the sploudid SUo on tho north sido of the Cortilo of San nmuRO, whoro ho nud his successors have ever since lodged. Tho old rooms wero locked up, and put to occasional uso, as for tho accommo dation of cardinals during tho Conclave, or oven | for tho tables of tho bussolanti during Holy Week. Pius VII., indeed, collected sorao pictures and statues which wero kopt hero, and ono..xopin was. devoted to an armoury, the t accoutrements of Julius II,,'the warrior Pope, ;beihg tho .<dndf • attraction. All -these gailories will shortly bo thrown open; and this wilV.be the first stop toward* lettuig;:d,aylight into parts of thVVatican uuknpwn.efdfa to tho Popes themselves. 