Mmm, [Biihb Stafjp.] 'Oh, that we should be able to possess these fair creatures— yet not their appe tites !'! Thus, or words to that effect , (for we don't profess to be letterrperfeet'in' the quotation, and our edition de luxe of the poet's works are at present in our uncle's cesninp'). ShakBsnenra mfilcaa Othello sav to Iago anent the alleged misconduct of Deademona with Cassio. And the; sentence was forcibly brought to our mind by a few wprds we unavoidably, overheard the other day. The s.s. Pateena, crowded, with passen gers, was about, leaving for Melbourne, and leaning over the bulwarks was a slight and beautiful woman, her pale, sweet, sad, poetic face, like that, of an 'angel of sor row' mourning for the sins of a fallen world, lifted our -thoughts away, from our surroundings— away from, all .that was gross and sordid aijd low — -away, into a dreamland of ineffable bliss, where sorrow and sin came not, and pain was no more. And then sh'e spoke.' Leaning well over to catch ' hubby's ' ear, stie said—' Oh, Cfiar ley, . I'd almost forgotten it, and I'd never have forgiven myself if I had.' 'What, darling?' Charley enquired anxiously. ' Be sure,' she answered, ' that you get the fat sow killed as soon as you get back, and see that Jack puts' enough saltpetre into the brine. I shall be just dying fora feed of pickled belly o' pork and' cabbage, before I get back.' On second thoughts we'd rather not possess that woman's appetite. '' : ?*?' ' In proud humility ' ? And arrogance of loye, I come at last To lay. before thy feet the single gem Of all my life — my love for thee alone.' '?' 'A; Vagabond's Love.' Well, after all, isn't it a piece of gross impertinence to do it. We object, as did Mark Twain's Yankee, to being shown a mummy five thousand, 'years old, when plenty of good fresh corps'esrwere obtain able without difficulty. The article is quite a drug in the market, and single gems of this kind are quite unsuitable at any price. Now, the proprietor of the single gem in question has 'filled a small book with the narration of how he. came 'at last'— possibly after the best years of both then lives were gone—' to lay before her feet '?— pray, how. did; he manage to do it? — the ofrtvaaaid ' ainnla cram ' Kft. \t. TOrtn't;' f\n ? the vagabond of the story, being a vaga bond, could not have evolved, either from within himself or from any external im pression the 'single gem' of which this vag so proudly claims, possession. The ' Vagabond's Love ' will have to pass, as far as the 'tight little island' is con cerned. None of our best girls want wares of that kind, ' more especially when the gem is the single one of all his lifel Pass— ' Vagabond's Love.' ' \- * ? * - . . ?? ? It was Christmas Day in a British bar rack-room, and Tommy Atkins and his mates were gathered' round the fire and were singing and yarning. Amongst ithe little circle of red-coats was one — a. simple English youth into whose mind the words printed in such big letters in his pocket ledger, ' The first duty of a soldier'is obedi ence,' had Bunk deeply, and made an in effacable impression.- He believed that obedience, absolute and unthinking, was due from him to all his seniors, and he was the junior-soldier there. Several men had sung, and at length the corporal of the room said, ' Give us a aong, Cruity.' The ' jyounj? recr'iiit';at; once. obeyed ^orders,' 'a£d' somewhat .feebly/ igot'' .'through'! the first \- TKr?.e{:, w,ki),IJ*i.-ia ^mtades— mostly Irish' j-. ?men— ^snng - out,-,! encouragingly ,' ''More ipower.' The recriiiS' raised his voice for ithe second .verse. , '^iiorr power, morr ipower,' cried his mates. He screamed the third yerae. 'Mori ; power !' Morr power IJI. Morr .power !!!' cried, his fellowsj de-, lighted. At the topmost pitch of hia voice, he roared the; next ver.se with, reddened face and,(s\vollen veins, aud the barrack room rang with one stantorian roar— ' More power !'.' If— you— want any more power,' gasped' the exhausted boy as te sank to his seat, ' ypii must put it in your ?selyes— I've doue all I.know.' . ..';, , . : ?' ????? :: *** :' '-. Before us is a/ao simile copy of The Times, dated October 3, 1798.'' Before us is also a copy.of the latest departurei in illustratf'd journaHsm, the litiily Graphio to! wit.1 The small four-page ' Thunderer' was issued at sixpence per copy, -when money was' of much greater value than it .ia now, and was doubtless read mainly by the ricu-ror, ati least, thfi -WfllUfco-dn ivwt.inn nf ' t.ha pnm. muiiity, arid' was also doubtless appreciated by those who were in a position to enjoy its perusal,' asone of the luxuries of the age, which; indeed,1 it was. And now, the Daily Graphic, viith 16 pages of able read ing and pictorial matter, can be read, owned, studied, an&trensured; up for future reference by all in: possession 'of the modest sum! of oue penny'.'' Smart con espon'dents arid able artists dreabroad'throughout .the worm co tea witn pen ana pencil the story of the world's daily progress to the readers oE this bold1 advance upon air previous forms of newspaper enterprise. In the form of contrasts, nothing more striking could well be shown than that between the Daily Graphic of yesterday, and The Times of a hundred years ago. A hundred years ago ! What, it is to be wondered, would the good people who read their Times a hundred years ago— with its reports of the burial of suicides at cross roads with stakes driven through their bodies, of duels, and of highway robberies in metropolitan suburbs ; men who lived in a time when it was thought that the in vention of Mr Adam's was the one thing wanted to bring to utter perfection a civili sation which they believed had already neared that point, have thought of, the steam roller in their streets ? Wbuld'these great grandfathers of ours, with their faith in witchcraft and ghosts, devils, and second sights, have .deemed the ugly monster to be some malignant emanation from the Evil One— sent on earth wittfa mission to crush and destroy ? And would they look upon the man who, waves the red flag with such awful solemnity during passage of the fire-breathing locomotive through our streets as the nuptic and unholy priest of some mumbo-jumbo rite in connection with the uncanny-looking instrument which fol lows him so obediently ? It might well be that our. ancestors would be filled with an astonishment not unmixed with super stitious fear could they have beheld, with out forworning, some of the appliances we now deem to be necessary to the conduct of the business of our daily life. ? ?? ?' . *** ' It wa3 a dream, and a nasty one.' Thus the ' Broad Arrow ' — together with much more to the effect that the dream was a hideous nightmare of blood and bones and brains— not much of this latter quality! however — and of belts, and- boose, and brutal butchery. A truth-wanting tangle of idiocy and laudanum and treachery, and administrative incompetence and putrid water and festering corpses, the whole bathed in a noisesome bath of florid mun chausenism. And of such is the story told by the great chesnut builder, Palmer, who has achieved ' the unique distinction of being more promptly dubbed and proved 'liar' by all sorts and conditions of men than has probably fallen to the lot of any other man during the present century. Let us hope that he may never be able to Palmer nother hideousity of this kind upon either the ' Nineteenth Century ' or any other century. ? ?** . Borne one at home has been telling the British public in general, and the British Army in particular, about the brains of that vast and nearly perfect military machine— for its own especial duties— known as the German Army. And from a perusal of the little pamphlet in question, it can very easily be gathered that the road to the ut most efficiency lies in the common- sense adaptation of local resources, in intelligent conformity with local methods, to the ful filment of local requirements. Taking local requirements as a standard of judgment, it will be at once seen that what suits the German' Army would not, in many respects, suit, the British Army ; and what suits the British Army will also be found to be, in many respects, unsuitable to a colonial defence force. But in the Victorian Mounted Bifles we have a capital example of the local application of active brain power. Colonel Price, an Australian by birth, has , grafted both his colonial and his imperial experience on to a foundation of energetic common sense, with what result we arei most, of us, well aware. Now, here in Tas mania we have the same means of develop ing, on lines exactly fitted to meet local requirements, a defence force as efficient as iPrice's.Rifies.. .But, the brains of our, local jarmy are dormant.^ .Thermany men iri ! bur jdefencf) force whose decorated breasts afford |proof of long, honorable, and active servioe i land volunteer officers of lengthened service -*? these men are never .thoughtless or unin 'formBd in professional. .matters — are silent and give no sign. Canitbethat the inertia said to be characteristic of Tasmania has fallen upon them like a blight ; -or may we hope that, by-and-bye, the dumb: voices willspeak, and that out of the friction of intellect, may be ovolvetV light and move ment, with a result— safety ? ''?'.; Softly falls the silvery moonlight;. Some what too softly or dimly, we sometimes think, in shady corners of Brisbane-street, where, on those moonlight nights when the lamps are not lighted— perhaps because un these nights the throng of the general pub lic seemB to be considerably 'lessened — the voice of the larrikin can be heard in ' loud and low discussion,. , interlarded with strange an uncleanly sounding oaths. Yet mt— althouch there is-room for improve in :nt on the part of our young men in this m itter— so, bad are they as the corner and b^a-way haunters we have heard in other cities. And does it not seem a pity, now that the young fellows seem to have rather a lead in the sparaenesa of blasphemous decoration to their speech, that they don't improve the blasphemy away altogether? Will those young men, who certainly aim at bein# not discreditable citizens, of the tight little island, give this matter some small consideration ? , pi ,. ? ' I. ? : ?, A garnish poster graced the corner hoard ing, and two small boys spelled laboriously through the legend printed thereon, and when the spelling had been completed, said the major to the minor boy, 'Bill, wot does this 'ere Black Watch mean ; anythin' like a watch night at chapel with thegas'out ?'» ' Lot you knows about it,' replied minor, 'Why them niggara is stuffln' us. Black Watch is soeers.'ver know: hyla'n sosers. It means hylan fling an' bagpipes ; this way '—minor illustrates, Then derisively to major, 'Black. watch. with gas out! Watcher givin' us?'' And exit in scorn, lighting cigarette. 