SCRAPS. Tuk latest thing in cradles — -The new haby. It is tlic late cat tlmt catches the early boot jack. - The best surgeon in the world can't "set a broken niNiril. "When tlic Lord made shade the devil in vented Innfers. .-y.If-ya TUflti -eaw himself a? others see him he hbulfl ptill dn"rii the blind. A fainnlf miser died in Pari, and her friends cast lots for hor furniture. A statuette fell to her daughter, and she was just about to dnsli it to the ground in vexation when banknote? m.d securities valued ut £200U rollcil out from the "Mf?s Phillippn Fawrnft.lhe mathp-matirian is quitcjin. cxpL'Jtholyhinder, fo.nd of niNillc eiuhroidery, uiid given to artistic cm — broidery. y . :d3ixtv-fivp rears Emnionj; Dflge was arrest cil at HaTt font, Cv„ far selling ice, ns tlie doctors had decided that it was unwhole some. .A year iigo 3tii5yAnJ (pling, tiow ntic of fhe niust " popular flhtliors in The world, wns in Pliiladclplia linbnobhing with newspaper tneu, and regarded simply as a clever man. ' A grnndfatlicr about to read hfs paper found that he had mislaid his spectacles, and there upon dccla®d— " 1 linve lost my glasses sonio- trhcTC, and can't read tlw pHiwr." A little three. and a half year old girl, desiriug fo assist him, answered — " GVn'fm, you go outside and look froo ze window, and I'll hold ze paper up so vnu ran read il" Tile new Tower bridge now in course of con struction across the Thames will he 2ti4<) feet long. Alwjut 8b, 000 tons of sume. have already been used in tlic construction of two piers. In the entire construction, in addition in stone, concrete, and iron, 81,000,000 bricks will he used. While Mrs. Butler was phiying Juliet at Philadelphia, and just when she had exclaimed, " Oh, cruel pn'si u !" a tall, lean, gaunt, snnHy- haircd medical studcut in the stage box, deeply absorbed in the scene, thrust on his hat wrtli a eonvulsive effort, cning out in a voice of thunder at the same time, 41 Ivcep him up. Juliet ! I'll run and fetch the stomach pump." School inspector, examining a class — " Now. niv little man, tell me what five and one make!" Xo answer from the boy. Inspector again — 1 " Suppose, now. T gave you five rabbits and | then another rabbit ; bow numy rabbits would j you have?" 'Small boy — "Seve.nl" ln- ! spector — "Seven! IIow do you make that out ?" Small boy — " Because I vc got a rabbit j o' my ain at hainc." j Green frogs, leeches, and other slimy and j creeping beasts were scut through the British | Post Office in the .past year, and somebody even sent a .sucking pig carelessly wrapped in 1 brown paper with both ends open, which passed through the Bath office aud was delivered to the addresse. - " Arc you an Oddfellow?" "No, sir, I've been married a week.' "I mean, do you belong to the order of Oddfellows ?" ' I hdoiig to the order of married men/" " Dear me, how dull I Are jou a Mnsou ?" "No ; I'm a cftrpenter/' " \VoraC and worse. Are l you n Son of Temperance!" " ( .'cnfniind if . i nu ! I am a son of Mr. John Gosling." The querist went his way. Cnniiilc FinmiuarioTi, the celebrated astro- nouier. records some new and remarkable ob : servations on the plauct Mars, particularly the j existifiiLV of uliot Seems to be a bridge or dividing line across the Martian oceans from shore to shore. Severn! of their imperious "ivisions have Is-en noticed this season. " You linve asked to see me?" said un em- plover to hi? clerk. " Yes, sir." " What i? wanted ?" I wish to make a claim which doubt not your sense of justice will ncc-pl." Very well — what i? it ?" " I do the same work ! as Z,aiid I nm paid a pound a month less than he. I? that fair ?" " Nu ; you are jKirfmlly right. I will at once reduce Z's salary a pound'!" A nisnum keeper rccciiflv wanted & dwarf. | He got one ; that is he got what he called a ( dwarf. As a flint tor of fart the new freak va® I aji hig nr nearlv as big us an undersized man- j A cnuntrviuan entered ihe .niuseuin and lo<jk«xl at the dwarf. "Pooh!" be snid, "that ain't no curiosity." "It ain't no curiosity, hey?" said the museum man. "Why. flint, he went on proudly, " thai is the biggest dwarf jii the world." A story is told of a shrewish Scotswoman , who tried to wean her husband from the dram shop by employing her brother to act the port of a ghost and frighten John on his way home. ' "Who are you?" asked the fnrjxjcr .as the apparition arose before hint from behind a bush- " I am Auld Nick," was the replv. 41 Arc ye' really ?" exclaimed the old reprobate. witl> inqcdF sutiefaction instead of terror. "Mqn, ej'me awa. Gie's & shake o" your baud ; I pui married to a sister o' yours The secret of interesting conversation £ the same as that of lilcratare— Jiaviug F?>inething in the mind, something to say. Yet how few people have minds furnished ovith anything but commonplace, .or, At leaaL Low few can . pro duce Accept ride fragments from a 5tor£. of JuiowJedge ! Those who have devoted thcin- ficlveFarduously to intellocturi w<>rk--fj>cciriists in Aliori, who know what work is — are often the pleasantc5t talkers. Not by any means on ' their special Fubjects alone, hut on anything that ftirs ilic intglleut of oilier?, by the reflex action of sympathy in mind to. mind. — Block- wood. bbifbakk, Monday.- — a discovery of a npply of faj)ph»res has been repented 12 njjlos mirih from Wither?fieM rt&liqu; on ilie F-enlral r«i)«?»v in -what is known the lletn-at . tGfc: . 