"AS OTHERS SEE US." l(jâjJnsviU>)J Jv*: « LnViasîl^r^atkijBj jjif Sourhài,. " 1nave h; ' 1 an inquisitive pe^p at thejieighborbi of Traralgoiv and in connection fhei jth I eyi press ray satisfacti'Ji. I am iu»t acpus-' tomed ifcoeither oppcraatingor impartingflattery, bat I a tu a thorongh believer in the old English maximol "giving «edit where credit is due," and it is my intention of adhering to this rule" in ray few remarks regarding Traralgon. I would not be asserting too much if I were to say that the pen of "The Vagabond " conld find very useful em-; ployment in writing up a graphic description of this locality foi the benefit of the col.my at large. The land of '"coal (black and brown), fire clav, red and yellow ochre, blue stone," and other things. I quote this list from an encouraging subheader in the Journal of the 14th inst. I have heard glowing accounts in the city of the prospects of Gippsland as a conl producing country, it' being described a3 the fntare coal emporium of Victoria, while others. of a more fnngnine temperament. predicted that, if properly developed, Newcastle would be outstripped, and Gippsland hare the honor of being the coal-mining centre of Australia—a veiv substantial . honor, ton, TFrealised. The article referred to «lui offersomeencnuragement. and the fact that deposits hare been discovered in numerous places—the latest, at Callignee, being, nearly black—-allows room for (lie assumption that the predictions of the Melbourne politician, speculator, and citizen, will, eventually, be partially, if not fully, realised. The energetic people of Traralgon may yet live (and, perhaps, not have long to wait) to find their property advanced in value,—the increase per rentage I shall not attempt to*fix—and the town itself doubled in area nnd population. However, to return to what I intended first to toncli up in, viz.,—the. natural aspect of the fleighborhootLuf Traralgon. As I said at the ' outset, 1 was pleased with it, and my «ôj'rorn here has -Solidified the good impression formed from hearsay as to the nature of tlie .Gippsland country. | v The soil isgotid, an<l it is surprising to me.tliat more orchards are not kept in so suitable a locality. Ab->ve all x>laces, I should imag'ne Gippsland should, te the one to which the Government bonuses re new growths, would apply to. Traralgon property pwneis should jsee to this. Both the Soil and climate are in their-favor, and the same with the dairying business. I believe a little is done in this direction, but, from what I can gather, nothing to what the district is capable of producing, and this part of the colony shonld play an important part in the future export butter trade to the Home markets. With the fine grazing lands, which appear to surround Traialgon, good milch cows should be kept in abnndance. If not immediately available for the use of residents, there is abundance of water in the vicinity of the town. Very few conntiy places can boast of running streams in a large creek and river at tl- is time of die year. Yet Trar»lg »n has both. A few days back, I paid 8 visit to the Latrobe river, passing through the cemetery on my way. I must congratulate the"people of Traralgon upon having the place of burial at such a respectable distance from the town. Although I must confess—like ttie disheartened companions of Columbus on his fanions India Exploration trip, when the greater part of their journey had been completed—that I despaired of ever reaching my destination, the distance being so great and the weather so warm. There is no need for the Traralgon people being superstitious of ghosts, for the distance wonld prove too far for such white monsters to pay a visit to the tewn. I vas rewaided for my trouble on finding the river close by. The presence of a member of the snaky tribe particularly drew my attention to the fact that the cemetery required clearing of the long grass, as at present it is dangeron3 to walk in. After such a long journey, a refresher in the shape of a bath, was, indeed, a luxury, and a very dangerous luxury, too, swimming, of course, being out of the question. There are a few spots safe f»r a plunge, and thus arises the question " Why not have public baths ejected ?" The water could be easily diverted in some places so as to make t "iecent swimming ground. The cost- ol the preliminaries, which would not be very great, would eventually be recouped I should think to the council or anyone enterprising enough to take the matter in hand. As it would occupy valuable space, ani very likely be unnecessary, to dilate upon the healthy exercise of swimming and the dangers attending rirer bathing, I shall dismiss the subject with the remark that as regular bathing is necessary to the health o! every individual, artificial or good natural baths should be provided, wherever possible, the same as recreation reserves. On my way back my companion fairly filled me with astonishment when he quietly asked me if I would like a '-feed' of wild cherries and raspberries. He assured me they were as good as the ordinary fruit, and on the mention of such welcome names, bot rather uncommon luxuries for a Mdbonrnite, all snch fruit being dear in the city, and to be had " free, gratis, and for nothing," save the trouble of the journey and picking them, I at once expressed my willingness to pay them a visit, both from a feeling of couriosity and " another feeling." Thoughts of this grand country were passing through my mind daring the journey, when, to my farther astonishment on arrival, I found them to be of the ordinary Kentish species. The trees resemble the wild scrnh. being so thick, and they line the banks of the creek in Mr & Campbell's paddock, for about SO yards—loaded with cherries. In Tarions places along the creek were anglers, whose occupation appeared to be made Teiy pleasnreaUe by the presence of the cherries. There were others also family sngaged with ladders. " On arrival a . dialogue at onoe Misutil brtween myself and companion as to his reasons for calling ifcem wild «berries. He answered coolly, -So they are, they bare sprang op from the stones c t from the «yigupl tm» T «ad teoM tbe / serubbyappearance. Alltfai» "" accwadfeimol stealing. "Steali: acflivd W, "why they will only be to rot on the tress, anC «LP*-'' "l lic lavtfltieen here befçr&çs. Besides Mr ;Canipbell doe3 not object " Upon such ant f u ^ p ^ o i ^ ^Having •done justice to "this hranctt of the " wild fruit." I enquired after the raspberries. O !" says my companiod, "they are further up the creek." 'On arrival I found gilm like 4he Retries,%>f « -rather '"tame" description, but, nevertheless, they were-growing wilJ all along the creek for about -two or three hundred yards, and I Felt justified in ascertaining their quality. Well, this made niy journey back all the more pleasant, although feeling somewhat chagrined at thy friend " having" me so nicely about the mythical " wild" cherries and "wild" raspbenies. A pleasant " have " after all, though. On Saturday, the I8«h inst., I proteeded to the Recreation Ground to witness the ' proposed cricket match " Smokers vl Non-smokers." I arrived only to find two young ladies and an elderly gentleman present, and, like myself, they appealed to have been "sold."' However, after a pleasant conversation, I had a look around the gronnd, and I have to again congratulate the Traralgon people, this time on being possessed of such a complete and compact reserve for holding their shows and sports. The grand stand is par excellence. • The ground is evefl^ and I think from : its position would 'jnot bj greatly affected by tlie wet weather, but to make a g«»nd cricket ground or fontracing track it requires clearing in suitable parts, liveir convenience appears to be available fur sports and show .purposes. The exhibition hall is a handsome and servi-reable building. Just a word of warning to the Shire Council. In. my ramblings I came across a bridge over the creek—commonly known, I believe, as the old bridge, and, at one time, I am informed, much nsed—which is, ' indeed, •• more holy than rijrMwrtis."' Besides various holes in the bridge itself, the pannelling on one side has been demolished, and at present it is unsafe for traffic o" any description. It is hardly necessary for me to remark upon the danger those responsible incur in the way of heavy damages, but it is to be hoped for the good of the ratepayers at large, they will have the matter attended to before any accidents occur. Before concluding, I sh -aM like t» refer to the advantages the local Mechanics' Institute offers to townspeople hit It in the way of literary works and current news. The librarian informs a me that the membership is very fair, bat still the number is not as large as what it should be, wh'le the free reading room could also be better patronised, and some of those who do attend might b*»bave themselves instead of annoying those who wish to read. With all such institutions I know " the more subscribers the more books," so my readers may do well to accept the hint through A VISITOR. 