General News. The Waterworks Department, t- In the completion this year of the duplicate 15in main from . Newstead the city will possess a supply proportionately greater than any other City in the colonies. ' The pipes for this work are on board the barque 'Phoenix, and her arrival may be looked for at any time, as three ironShs. have elapsed since lenvine the Dort of Bremerhaven where she had to put in' after leaving England to re-stow her carj;o, it having shifted during some heavy weather, which waa experienced after leaving her first port of soiling— the Tyne. : The British Postal Ratk.— According to a cable which appeared ou.Saiarday, Mr Gpschen, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, proposes to reduce the present rates for etters between the United Kingdom and Indii and the Australian colonies to 2Jd P6T half-ounce by all routes. The rates now in force are 4d by the long sea roiite, and 6d via Italy, France, or America Were the reduced rate . adopted by the colonies, it is estimated that the. loss to Victoria (says the Melbourne Argus) would be about £10,000 in the first year.' Our share of the £75ip.'0,'the annual subsidy fortho .ocean mail service, is about £30,000, and although our receipts from postages just about cover that sum, we have to pay about £3000 a year extra for the special transit rates through France and Italy; which is a loss, and the only loss at present sustained in the home mail service. If is' approximately estimated that the amount realised .yearly for tbe postage of letters to the United Kingdom is £20,000, and the postal autho rities estimate that the reduction to 2 Jd, allowing for a' large increase of business, would result, as stated, in a loss of £ 10,01.0 at the outset, which sum is small as compared with the anticipated loss this year, viz., £100,000, on the penny postage in Victoria. Mr Darham, the Postmaster-General, h?i subject, but intends to bring the matter before the Cabinet, and to communicate with the other colonies to ascertain the views of the respective Governments. Roman Catholic Chuech, Railton; — The ceremony of laying the foundation stone of a new Roman Catholic Church at Railton took place on Wednesday (atvys the North West Post), and was very successful. Amongst the passengers from Latrobe were His Lordship tho Bishop of Tasmania (Dr. Murphy), and the Rev. Fathers Noone; and Gilleran. At the site the' Archbishop, vested in mitre and cope, and assisted by leathers Noone and' Guleran,. recited the QQ*A Dantvvt nffnt. nrl^inY* Uia Qitnnri vaoiha^ uviu ^ auiuij uluoji ttixjivlx ma uiukio igi^ipyu the prayers usual on such occasions: ' The Litany of the Saints was then recited, the clergy and all present kneeling. At the end of the Litany the 126th Psslm was recited. ' His Grace placed the foundation stone in its place, and this part of the ceremony concluded with the 86 Psalm and the prescribed prayers, after which Father Gilleran preached a powerful ad dress from the words, 'Going, therefore, teach ye all the nations, baptising tuem.in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have com manded you' (Matthew, 28-20), at the conclusion of which he made an eloquent appeal to the generosity of the public to support such a useful and noble word, and then almost everyone present came forward with contributions, until over £100 were placed on the stone. Father Gilleran con gratulated those present on the success of the collection,. and specially spoke of the generous way in which members of other churches bad given towards the noble work. His Lordship also spoke of the good work done that day, and of the pre vious energy of the young men in clearing and preparing tbe site of the temple to be a power of God, and then followed bis blessing, which was received by the as semblage kneeling, with bared heads. The .proposed building is to be a handsome little edifice, and will cost upwards of £300. The plans for the building were the work of Mr Gadsby, architect, of Latrobe, and have been prepared with great car6 and skill. : Orpheus Clob. — The concerts to be given on the 8th and 9th of next, mouth will include the majority of the items rendered at the last concert in Hobart, on which occasion over 60 people were unable to obtain admittance. While during .the protmutj .tiii^j bua umu win uuu, ua uiiuuiu panied by Mr R. F. Young who has for some time past retired from public perform ances, tbe lighter uart of the. programme will be ably supplied by Mr F. M. Hud speth, who iB well and favorably known in Launceston. I ocjust Plague.— AresidentofNumurkah who was across the Murray last week gives a graphic account of the state of the country there in consequence of the severe lonust plague, which has prevailed there for the past three or four weeks. He travelled, says - an exchange, over tbe Biirooga country for about 20 miles, and re ports that not a blade of grass is to be seen anywhere. Sheep are in a frightful state, through starvation, and lambing is on now, and the condition of affairs is made all the more serious as there is no nourishment for either ewes or lambs. So weak are some of tbe ewes that crows are picking out their eyes while they are lying on the ground too helpless to defend themselves. Across the run hundreds of sheep are so reduced by hunger that they can hardly walk, and those that tried to run away from before the vehicle fell down, and could' not rise. Messrs. M'Farlane Bros., the owners of the ,Barooga run, have a large number of sheep —stated to be about 6000— and if rain does not fall soon their condition will be more serious than at present. So general has been the plague throughout the district that it iB useless to stock, other places being as bad asBarooga. ,The insects are flying towards Mulwala and Corowa, where grass is plentiful and green. , Should' they reach those districts and devastate the country en route immense losses will be bound to result. j Bagdad.— A correspondent writes : — I ,am ; informed by the secretary of the read jingiciub that there are about 15 entries for 'the prize' of £2 2s offered by the' club for tjie b'est poem on any Tasmanian subject.' They will.be judged and the prize awarded as soon as possible. — Apple-picking is very brisk in the district. The crop is good, arid one or two owners are shipping their fruit' to England. . Talking of apples reminds ine' that this district can hold its own with' regard to size. Mr G. Sinnitt has a Blen heim orange a trifle over 15in round, and' which weighs over 24oz. Thin, I am in formed, is not the largest apple that has been grown on the tree. All the apples of the crops are unusually large. It will, no doubt, interest many fruitgrowers to know that Mr Sinnitt always prunes tbis tree in the summer. —Ballasting on the line iB being pushed on vigorously, the engine running backwards and forwards all day. One of the wheels of the engine broke last week, causing a delay of a day or two. The ballast pit ou Mr Joseph Johnson's has turned out to be the best on the line,— It was generally thought that the winter meetings of the reading club would be opened by Mr'F. B\ Butler (secretary), but that gentleman tells me that owing to his near depature from the district he is reluc^ tantly compelled to leave thnt duty to his successor in office, Mr A. Gray. -The autumn show of the Green Ponds Horticultural Society takes place on the 24th of May, and various exhibitors in the district are pre paring for the event. The Oratorio ' Elijah.' — Despite the great attraction at the City Park last even ing in tbe shape of tbe chrysanthemum show, there was a large attendance at Christ Church last evening, when, under Mr J. Frost's conductorship, the oratorio of 'Elijah' wasproiluced for the buneftt of the choir fund. The entertainment was quite a success, and Mr Frost is certainly to be congratulated for the way he has coached so many young singers in the knowledge of the grandest oratorio music 'written. AH the solos and most of the choruses were well sung, but in some of the best concerted piecdS the voices' were not well balanced, a fault which a little more attention at practice would have remedied. Miss Grant acquitted herself admirably in all she had to do, the recit. and air ' Hear ye, Israel,' a very heavy number for a young singer, being the best rendered of the whole, and she was very heartily applauded. This young lady is the possessor, of a strong, sweet, and sympa thetic soprano voice, and already stands in. the ranks of our best amateurs. Miss Panton. an old favorite, sang the arias, ' Woe, woe unto them' and 'O rest in the Lord,' the latter number being excellently given. Mr C. Dunning, as usual', had moot of the tenor soIoh allotted him, and all he had to do was veally well done, his best number being ' If with all your hearts.' Mr J Spreftd borough has seldom sung so well as he did last evening, and he was loudly applauded for that grand aria, ' It is enough,' and 'O, man of God, help thy people.' Mr J. H. Bryan was also well received for his recits., the beat of which was ' See now he aleepetb.' Master B. Frost also contri buted a couple of recitatives. Mr C. A. Morris was applauded for his solo, ' Lord God of Abraham,' and the conductor quite excelled himself in his duet with Miss Grant. A word of praise is also due to ? Mrs Russen, Misses Ferrall, Lomond, Monde, and Weymouth for their assistance in the quartettes and trios, one of which, ' Lift thine. eyes to the mountains,' being one of the best numbers on the programme. Miss Frost again displayed her usual skill as Accompanist on the organ, and during tha offertory played ' Cujus Animam.' Soottsdale, — Our Nortb-Eastern repre sentative wrote yesterday: — A meeting was held here on Wednesday, the 23rd inst., in the Mechanics' Institute, for tbe pur pose of hearing the views of the candi dates for the forthcoming local town board election. The large gathering was thoroughly representative, and must as a forerunner of similar meetings be con sidered a complete success. It is to be re gretted that all the candidates did not make a point of attending, and taking ad vantage of this, the best, chance of moving the electors. The utmost order was ob served throughout the even.'ig. On the motion of Mr T. Tucker, Mr W. R. Counsel was elected chairman. Tbe first candidate to respond to the chairman's call was Mr R. P. Foat, who, in an able speech, re viewed the work done by the board in the past years from the time of its formation up to the pvesent, showing how impartially the funds have, been expended, and pointing out the many improvements done with the limited means at the disposal of the members. At the end of his speech Mr Foat was loudly ap plauded, and was followed by Mr Harvey, whose term of office also expires. There being but little to add regarding the doings of the board, Mr Harvey having consented to stand again assured the electors of his best efforts in the distribution of the town funds, should they again be inclined to place him in office. Of the new candidates only three were present — Messrs. W. Tucker, J. M. Lord, and A. W. Loone, who all spoke well and to the pur pose, the last - named candidate, who met with a very favorable reception, wishing it to be understood that he con tested the seat vacated by Mr Gofton, and did not appear as a candidate for the pur pose of unseating former members. The chairman thanked the candidates who had come forward, and by expressing their opinions gave the electors an opportunity of judging their merits. After according the chairman the usual vote of thanks the meeting dispersed, the opinion being freely expressed that the absent candidates had lost a good opportunity, and as a conse quence had lessened their chances of elec tion; CITY and Suburbs Association.— At the office of Messrs. Corrie and North, architects, we were yesterday shown the plans of a very pretty three - roomed cottage, which it is intended to erect at the Cataract Gorge, near the new pathway recently constructed by the association. The building is of the Swiss style of archi tecture, and will be in complete order and harmony with the rustic surroundings. Though it will be an ornamental structure, it will not be devoid of strength, and will add to the attractiveness of the place. Messrs. J. and T. Gunn, who have been staunch supporters of the association, have been entrusted with the work of this building, and we understand it will be con structed without delay. 