REMARKABLE CATS. The following feline gossip we have gathered from various sources, and now lay - before our readers for their amusement. . ". ...-•• - While cats have toes known, like the famiahed mothers in Jenualecvto devour their own'offspring, tfcqy have also been taown,when dtpnved Of tiwarldttens, to adopt young hares, hedgehogs, rats,' and evaa cfiiotainE. The juiusualpigfet of a rat and five young ones InThesjyjie nest -with a cat and three kittens "has been seen in Edinburgh. Tortoise-shell cats especially are clever at opening doors; othere deplorable poachers on weekdays, become the very pink of propriety as soon as Sabbathday comes round. Besides being capital hunters and mole-catchers, others can flsh, ring door-bells, steal cream, and break eggs in * most systematic manner. But let the following anecdotes speak for themeelvas:— The cat that gravely laid a portion of Its dinner in front of a mouse-hole and then retired to await the result, had TFurdy something in oommon -with the human speculator and quaek -who does pretty nearly the same thing through a newspaper advertisement. While block cats are supposed by the Superstitious to have some connection vrith the Evil One, others make capital ghostc. A farmhouse in tho north country -was haunted by en invisible ghost, -which; for a considerable time, had been in the habit of ringing a certain bell, and the most lamentable results were abont to follow, when the fumcr with the family Bible, and a student with a bottle of whisky, sat up all.night and effectually laid tlie ghost. It was discovered, very much to their, satisfaction, that the bell had been rung by-puss in her efforts to eeixe the handle, -which consisted of a hare's foot. Many people have heard of the ploughman's -wise and affectionate cat MytU. A ploughman at tho foot of the Ochijs had been long ill—his home was in poverty—when the doctor said the poor man would die if his strength was not kept up by stimulants and animal food. Let the sequel be told in the words of the ploughman's wife. "I put _awa* my marriage gown and ring to get him wine; but we liadnaetliing in tlie house but milk and meal. Surelj, sir, it was the Lord Himself that put it into that cat's head; for that same night slie brought in a fine young rabbit, and laid it on the verra bed; and the next night the same, and every night the same for a month, while's a rabbit and whiles a bird, till George was up and going to his work as usual. But she never brought anything hame after that" The ingenuity shown by cats in opening doors is ecmetimes remarkable. A large cat in tlie country was in the habit of opening the door for himself in Uie following manner. Tlie handle of the door was one of the old fashioned hooped kind, which required to be grasped and the lateb pressed with the thumb. He leapt on to tlie window-sill, which was near the door, sprung from their and caught the hoop •with nis forepaw, and lrnng on until lie pressed down the latch with the other— this operation requiring considerable force— when tli- door swinging open, puss dropped to the floor, and quietly walked in. In a like ingenious manner, a cat lias been known to ope* a kitchen-dresser door by working the bar which acted as a fastener round from a horizontal to a perpendicular position, and thus gainingingress. A correspondent sends us the following: A friend of mine has a cat which gives a double knock at the street-door when it wants to get in. Tie house has a side door which has the upper panels glass, and the knocker is placed below tliis, so that by standing on its hind-leas it can toacH tlie knocker, which it takes hold of with both paws and gives a regular double knock. Visitors who do not know Tom's knock do not notice anything in it different from that given by a human bring, and llnd it very difficult to believe it is the cat. until, waiting till the knock is repeated, the"door is opened, and Master Tom walks in.. They are obligfed to look pretty sharp to see that he is in before tlie bouse is shut up, as he has -several times returned home in the middle ofii oold nigbt,«nd knocked again and again, until somconejiasjfe^s?^pelled to gat np and Jot «tm in. Occasion anymii^i rtn. dum».opeiied-in answer K liis summons, he will stand purring for a short time and then wdk away, as if he enjoyed tlie fun of giving tbsm the trouble for nothing." Another contributor writes: "We had a horse which was kept in a stable not far from the house, and into the stable my man introduced a kitten, asd a very close intimacy soon grew np between tbe kitten and the horse. I have often seen-her on bis back, which her equine. friend quite seemed to understand, and she made her bed just under bis manger, and wfe have frequently seen them having bits of fun together. Tlie horse would advance liis , head towards her, when puss would put uj> both her pnwe and pretend to scratch his nose, which he seemed rather to enjoy; and then he would seize grimalkin by the skin of her neck in liis teeth, nnd lift Uer up and quietly drop her, only to repeat the game, . which both seemed to enjoy.. ^ " After a while we sq}d the horae, where- upon the cat seemed'quite disconsolate. Previously the stable had been Iter home, where she always stayed except for an occasional run in "the garden. But now she could not be induced to stay there, and for weeks she lamented tbe loss of her friend i by fretting and mewing about tbe house." " I am tempted," says a third correspondent, "to inquire whether instances are common of cats showing affection for strangers at first sight. Twice this has happened to me; once on return from India after eight years' absence, and tbe second time on Jlntheran Hill, near Bombay. "On the former occasion, having reached home in the forenoon, I was taking a solitary walk in the garden after lunch, when a strange cat trotted up to me, rubbed itself against me, rollod on tlie path and frisked about in front of me, never ceasing ite demonstration until I re- entered - the house and room, into which it accompanied me. I was on the point of "expressing my surprise and gratificationattfie warm welcome their pet had given me, when my father exclaimed: " What! a cat! you never saw a cat in this bouse, 1 ' and poor Puss, frightened at the tone of voice, flew out of the room, and was never seen again. Precisely the same extravagant tokens of regard were shown me at Matheran on entering a bouse that had been closely shut np during th^ rains. In this instance the cat belonged to tlie Malice who lived en the premises, bdt it was a recent acquisition, and bad never sees me before. Ite attachment was also shortlived like the farmer one, and ended that morning by Puss being caught with its head in the butter-dish when breakfast wa^announcedL. Both animals were full grown. 9 "An anecdote which nas just reached me from America," writes a fourth contributor, "seems to outdo all former records. About a year ago, a cat, unheralded and unknown, came to the house of Mrs. Leonard, a lively Irishwoman, living at 98, Fifteenth Street, South Brooklyn, United Statesj and the day after Pussy^ arrival she was found on a nest of eggs'which a hen bad deserted. Madame Fuss was driven off- the ej^s repeatedly, for fear -eke would break them, but persisted in returning and lying on. tbem. At. last, to tbe astonishment or thfe household, she appeared with four chicks, which she had succeeded in hatting! Since then, die has hatched four Ijroods; and on November 8th, when my correspondent wrote to me, sbe was batching a flfthl Pie writer says :"WhenI<^ed to see this ckicfcen-hatcliiBg cat, ! ftraadin one comer of the- kitchen a large bird-cage, around which'a»doien "-sired chickens were strBttiag and picking up a "meal. Inside the cage, on some straw, was the eat, ooverf-- four segRfc. In order to do' this, she . irhedberself full length over thera,aiid so hih themfrom "view.' Tifrs-teonardsays: ' She leaves litem at intervals, but only- for a short tboe; and ^Ue'-Aickens she has has always evinced great kindness towards her-offspring. When liey -flrst lmx$ appeand, she carried onediiclreu «p-a stair, taking it cat-fashion by-the bade of the licck. The eliicten's Ekin being. tender, blood flowed from the young biped; =but the cut applied her toogne to the -wound daily until it iiealed, and new the chicken is a full-prowii lien," In the f bn course rvnintp. -if ; an- animated dtseussion in xno columns of Hie ScoUmari newspapertlie subject, of omasa) intelligence, ;»ood cut m cries wtiTi xdated.- We' •'• -vo of them. • . yeafe-ago a young is the Crowa ^na- JUu&WL; Lane, Carlisle, while alone reading a book at tbe fireside, fell asleep. ShewasEuddenly awakened by the cat, which had mounted her back, and was violently tearing her hair, to discover that her clothes had caught fire to such an extent, that she narrowly escaped being burnt to death. j The tenacity, of, life in the cat is well &U8tnite4in; jheftdlowing&oy; from Land an& Watir, given & the words _ of the narrator: Croatly to the -sorrow: of- the children,ijurcat, a half Panriup, euddeiUy disappeared, and her accustomed place by the hearth, "knew her no morer -Searcli was made high and low, but no trace of puss could be found. As time went on we conjectured either that our favourite' had been stolen by a sailor and taken for a voyage, or killed, and so resigned ourselves to our loss. Great, then, was our surprise last Friday on seeing puss quietly walk in, scarcely able to stand, a veritable skeleton, covered with fur, and take lier seat before the fire. I need not say she was fed and caressed hd libitum. The next day we learned her adventures. It seems on the - 24th of February, puss had strayed in to pay a neighbour a visit, and then finding a ulank of the flooring up—a man was alter- ing the gas-£.ipee--had retired into this hole to seek mice. In due eoutse the plank was nailed down; and die cat made a prisoner. Here then, without food, drink, or air, puss remained until the 20th of Horcli, when her incessant scratching made the occupier of the house fanty a rat must have a nest there, and take up the flooring to lay poison. Tho poor creature was taken out considerably more dead than alive; but kindly nursed and fed with little drops of beef-tea, and the next day found strength to crawl home. After her twenty- six days fast, I think poor puss fully entitled to a most absolute indulgence during the remainder of Lent." Another correspondent to the Scotsman, gives a brief biographical account of several of his feline friendB. " Ko. 1 was a she-cat of the gray brindled kind, which I believe is the Scottish breed. She, like Kimrod, was a mighty hunter. Hares, rabbits, and partridges all fell victims to her sporting propensities. What is remarkable, is, that whatever she killed she invariably brought home, and laid at my mother's feet If they were worth keeping, as they often were, they were appropriated, while puss sang her" song of pleasure; -if they were not worth keeping, they were givenbacktoher, and she devoured them with relish. She ate none till they were lifted and thenthrown down to her again. She was fond of fish, but unlike other cats, she -was willing to"wet her feet for them. Often has she been watched sitting on the burnbank until a trout came within reach, when down went her paw and out came the trout, almost without fail. "Ko. 2 was a Tom- cat, red and white, lake No. I, he was a mighty hunter. At first he brought the fruits of the chase home; but afterwards became more selfish, and devoured what he could on the spot. What was left he kept hidden until it was : required. Perhaps your readers may consider what follows about him as incredible but it is a fact nevertheless. lie seemed to become weary of the lying-in-wait process of catching game, and actually endeavoured to ran down hares by speed of foot! Ever : after that we considered bim as Having ' a want.'' He was shot because, when a certoin gardener was shooting partridges, Gib pounced upon a covey, ana deprived the sportsmfin-gardenor of his game. Out of revenge, he lodged the shot in poor Gib." A lady in Ifcfffolk writes as follows: "We had a cat that always came t» family worship. She knew the bell, and would rfux from tlie garden or yard to rcaeli the door ere it was closed, then take her place demurely on the hearthrug, and sit erect with tail curied gracefully round bcr paws. AVhen her kitten was old enough to enjoy the privilege, the mother made her come too asd tut by her side in precisely the same position, gravely reproving any inclination to play. We close our selection with tbe following extraordinary instance of 'a cat drowning itself, the facts being vouched for by a correspondent in Perthshire who writes as follows: " I have never been able to find a proper solution for the pithy saying, "Care killed WnKaaQf^ circnmptance occurred which may throw some light upon "tlie matter, and prove an interesting addition to your anecdotes of animals.' " Some of us a few days ago were looking from a club window which commands a fine view of the North Inch of Perth, and were struck by tlie erratic movements of a laige black cat. The creature was wandering about upon the Inch in a listless and it seemed-tui aimless fashion, sitting down now and then, and after a brief pause resuming its loiterings. Presently it moved down the river-side towards the bridge which spans the Tay, and we lost eight of the animal and also of our speculations. Next day, as I was crossing the bridge, an acquaintance laid hold of me, and told me that he had something curious to communicate in the way of natural history. During his constitutional, his attention was arrested by the figure of a black cat sitting upon a heap of stones and wearing an aspect of the most strange dejection. Pasting on, he turnod round after a little and pereeived the cat following, slowly in his track. Then it came close lip to him, gazed piteously in his face, and gave utterance to a low wail of peculiar anguish. Holding out his hand out to the distressed creature he said, "Poor Pussy! what's the mutter with you?" It looked at him eteadily for a^ioment, and then descending to the river in silence, leaped in, and keeping ite whole body resolutely under, was drowned in two minutes without one attempt to escape from its fate.' Is it known to any one of your readers that, animals are addicted like men and women to the sin of suicide? We have all read of the scorpion putting an end to its agdhy by tlie keen poignard of its ownsting, bu"t we are in tlie habit of identifying suicide with those of the human spccies who cannot bear to bee their own attions. Oould it be that poor grimalkin was under mental aberration, or had care really killed the cat? Wore the cares of'life too much : for this unfortunate of the feline tribe? When we think of the proverbial dislike of! cats even to wet their glossy paws, the act' recorded evinces a deep determination of purpose and a fixed loathing of life. 