TAR RUN. Io pioneer dlyes, ingeia Run, or Old Tar, as the inhabitants facetiously called it, had, the reputation of being haunted; and the stories told of thetgi sighits and sounds werewell calcilated tosnanke a timid person feel nervous if he fooid himself alone on thie road aftet nightfall. Althouhl it was alsuticeable fact that the people whotww the ghosts were these wnho stuppid to quenih their thirst at the Three idiye Howse before they started on their journey hones, get many were credulous enough to beliere the tales thlat were told, and numeruusWrel thie lodicrous scenes and lauIghiable accidents that occurred in con sequence. OneI d toper, who hain not been gifted with second sight, sneered at the marvellous adventures of his friends of the bar- room, and cin to the conclision that hie also would isti a gost if it were to be seen at all. Accordingly, tite night, after hie had fortified himself with a few drinks, and had stored a full bottle in his pocket, lie started for home with the avowed determination of seeing a spectre if possible. Not far up the Run was an especially ihauntedspot, and here our toperstopped to watch for the ghost. Looking around for a comfortable seat tie espied a small straw stack, and en this te comfortably deposited himself to wait until the midnight intruder put in en appearance. "And there I oat and watchled for that blaied old ghost to come," he afterward said, when relating his experience; "but it was mighty slow a-gitting around, and the night was pretty cool, so I kept taking a nip from the hattle, just to keep myself warm, and pretty soon I did not know anything until dsy light; and then I found myself standing on my head in a IHollow, and my feet up agmin the straw stack. I must have slid off, or IMr. Ghost came along and knocked me off for spite. lut"-this with a snort of disgust-"t did not see any operrets, and Ill be tianged if I believe there isanyt andif the felloivs that see so manyxnow1d keep Eobher like I do, they mould not see one either." Another mon-s young one-did nt fore quitu so well. IHe hod escorted his lady tovo home from church, one night, and had to pass the haunted place to reach his home again. After linagerng as long as ho dared, he started for kms deatination. The night was intensely dark, and to make it worse, a drizzling rain had set in. With eyes and ears alert he drew near the spectro's haunt. There was no way of escape; he must go forward or hack; so mustering all his courage, ie essayed to pass tlhespotasquickly as he could. lut just then he hearda alight sound, and stumbled on something lying in the path, which Homotthing,witl a hbllow of affrigt, sprang to its feet and dashed awayo carrying the tapless ghost-seer with it for a fes yards, and then dropped him, half dead with fright. How heo reached home the youthl never knew, hut reacil there ho did in a sihort spase of time. Then. when hs had rne covered from his frigoht and collected his scattered senses, ht knaewit must Ihve been a calf that was the cause of his disaster; hut his thoughts were of thu ghost wienlie fell, and la was sure e had stumblsted upon it. And now comes a strange sequel to our Strephon'u adventure. Some years after weed, a tin box filled with gold end silver was found under the very spot on which ho felt; and it would be very hard to convince the dwellers at the Run that his disaster was not occosioned by supernatural influences, notwithstanding the fact that tihe calf was its immediate and ostensible cause. 