The Phantom Ship. ! DV MAniO j. OALE. I "The Paialihol Tho Palaunol'' Tbeso i words paesod from lip to lip an tbo danocra I poured out of tbo hotel parloro to gazo at Bomethiog away off on iho murky v/uters that Bpiunod tlio ehoroa of I3!oak Isluud. Tho ovemug was dark and dreary. Only now and then a otar utraggled into viow from behind a oloud, and tbo pretty girla aud ihofuw baaux that oould be niuuicud from tlio whirl of thu oiticu profcrrcd n (Unco in doors to "Hpooulng " on the piazza. Bo when uoineuuo announced tho appearance of tho uncanny 1'alHtimi, very few wcro ablo lo oaloh a glimpse ol the fiery vision beforo it diHupncatod. 44 What io tho Palatine?" inquired Kale Willard of the Harvard otadont upon v/houo arm sho hung. 44 Have you novcr licard of Block Iulaud's Inmon3 ghost? Miss Willard, you know every placo of any noto lias its spooky legeud, and th'io sea girt iolo io not bchiud the rest of tbo world. In faat, hero the supernatural takes upon iUclf a uniquo form in tho cbapo of a sea ghoct ; in otlier word?, it is a burn ing ebip thn io occu off tho shoro and then dieoppearn." . 44 Do tell mo moro about it. I lovo to bear logeuds," saidKato. 44 Woll, onco upon a timo— that la tbo way to begin a ttory, I believe— when many of the islanders hero woro wreckers and pirates, they wrecked, robbed and burned a alip oallod tho I'atantiDo. As a reminder of this dread ful deed tho burning phantom appcara occa sionally, oomo say to herald a death on tho island." "How interesting I And tbat was tbo JJUliUWU Dill JUBD UUW J 11UW 4 wioh I bnd eeei it!" said Kate. Kxciuiug boraclf, sho ran to her room for a wrap and again sought tbo piazza, now quilo dcicrtcd. Perching bersolf on tho rail ing, ebo thought ' 14 1 don's bulicvo it V7aa tbo Palatino — I don't bclievo in t-ho phantom at all. Rut 2 shall wr.tch hero, aud perhaps tbo illusion may appear again. Of coureo thcro i.i no thing iiupornatural about a light at eca, How foolish tlio islanders rauet bo to bcltovo such a tbiug I" Philip Dayton did not ceo Kato es bo and threo other raon stepped oat on tbo piazza a few momenta later. Bho bugged tho pillar against which she leaned very clocely, with tho hope that oho might pans for a portion of it. Kate was not on tho beet of tcrmn witli Phil Dayton ; chobad been treating him badly, and deserved no pity if bo looked scpromoly indifferent to bcr bowRohing black eyes. 44 Wo can enjoy our oigaro down by tho -chore, where wo shall ba moro likely to ceo the bhip if it nppoars again." It was Philip who spoke, and tho four men dcccondud tbo step li and imetoned away. 14 1 wilt go too ; I can cosily kcop them in aight, and even if I do not, there io nothing to barm mo on thin qalsS I.i! and," said Kate to hcraclf, as she slipped down from tho roil- iog aud hurried after tho group. . Tho men walked very fust, nnd Kato wna about to slatb into a run, in order to keen them in eight, when cbc beard u heavy tread behind bcr. Thin was alarming ; but worm wan to come; bvforo elio had tukcu rnauy moro steps sho f< homclf ocizsd, nnd a largo, ooarsa hand wag firmly placed uorow her inoulh, while n thiok voico sounded clono in her ear. 44 1 lmvo you' now, ray lino lady I You would not walk with mo or even npcak'to uio when I hung rouud you by tho beach. But I have you now 1 Tho old Falatino out thcro has tiot . shown up for nothing 1 Thoro o to be death on this island to-hight— dcoth, death 1" . , . ivuo u mouu iroZiU in mr veius, duo trica vainly to struggle, but tbo strength of a gtaus .IicKlJicr fast, and thu preuura on her. mouih was flul/ooatiog, Sho felt heruol/ 'hurried abing by. her oaptor. ' Presently, at n kaCO distaueo from tho hotel, the hand was .wub-' 'drawn nud -a handkerchief substituted, but bofoio it was ' tightly scoured' a stifi&d.; Qgnniced'Bcreamcseuped ber. ' . ' "Kobpstilll YolIIng won't do no good. You'rpdoumed— doomed— doomed I I wantad you-for my bridu, but now. tbat can never bo,' Tbo; old ship out thcro is' a sign'of death. The last tlino'it uppsarcd my lulhcr died, and tho time bo'oro my grandfather. Now. is is my turn, and you must, go beforo mo. I 'ehal! givo you n fiery death, for you ore n witcb. You Lave bewitohed rac." ; - , Ktlo did hot faint in epito of her (error; Sbo rccognined bar oaptor. as a half brazed islander. Ho who .known, to her only as Amaziuh— iiiah ho wno .moat' frequently called. Ills brain trad been14 bracked. ' ho liia neighbors said, by reading blood-ouidlini' literctuio. . Ho had persiitouUy annoyed ICivto during her: daily rambles, 'and eho had always repelled biiu with unconcealed dis gust.' A thouonnd appalling thoughts oaourrcd to tho poor girl. That ubo wafl m'tho powcr'of a madman sho fully xaaliood. .What was hq going to do with her? Would/ ho really burn bor as ho intimated ? - Oh, if nbo bad not- troubled herself about' tho phantom ship I Suroly tho old Falatino did portoud evil,. and that , to others beaido tbo Hloek Islanders. ' Wboro yrero Phil Dayton innd his friends ? If bUc oould only m'nkoliimhoarho would forget tbat sho bad been & silly tnflor whea -bo saw tlio torriblo 'danger ubo was in. . Zinb took Iior In bis arms , and with rapid strides carried , hor to a rcraoto part of tho abora, toward hn old but -that stood almost, ruined and quito. alono. ; Entering it. bo plaeod her ou a rlckctty bauoh and witlvetrbng cords bound her feet and bands. Then ho Inshcd'her to. tbo befaob-Usctf.".1-.,'' ' Now, my darling, thiu shall bo your funeral pyro,: Ih India 'they burn widows after their husbands die, bat.I oliboEQ to.soo my lovo no . beforo rac.'V - v / , y-: . Ilo gathered together all tbolo'oso materials in tho but, somo papers, (i; little firowood. .and. an old Btool v/hioh ho'.broko up and ' Great drops' ohperapiration Wcro atanding ou Kito'o forehead. Sbo' rolled ber head from side to side-in agony. Tho rubbiog" o£ tho bnndkerohief ogdiuat tho benh tooscued it, aud beforo Eiah was awaro of what his. Viotim was doing, bho gdvo ono loud, tcrrifio Boronm nud fchon another. T.ho maniao ttprnng toward her. "Icrjuld knonk you on tho head and keep you otiil ,V ho eald as lies tightened tlra hnnd- : lccrobief with cruel'Iorco, 44 but I don't want to ntuu you. I want you to feel tho firo. It will purify your eonl and raaka you fit to join me tomorrow. .You will bo burnt to a cinder boforo . tboy mfan you, and beforo day dawns I ahuli bo dead loo." ICte tried., ngain to-dooKcn tbo .galling handkerchief;- but'Ziali had dona liUwo>k v/ell; and ubo c6ultJ,eoreQra no more. - i The manido lit a matoh, aud, to Kale's iu- dcuoribablfl terror, applied it to thu ,'pa'pcr, whioh coon begau to ignito tbo wooi). In nuother inotaut her :clothin'g:-wou1d outab. Bho gavo up all hope of life, end tried tu frame in her heart tho prayer wbioh her poor,, bound llpa wcro wholly unnblo to utter. Ilut help was near.. At Jhia very moment n terrible pounding resounded on tho door, and nlraoHt immediately t/io; rottun old tira; bcr» gave way. ; 5SiaU uprnng forward like a svild beaat, but three Qthlctio pairs of arms oaught liiin nnd held him fast, wbllo I'iulip Dayton kicked awny.th& firo'amlcut tliccords that so cruelly. biranil pour Kato. Then uho' fainted, nnd Philip boro her'Jcndcily out of tho burning hut, while hit friendo bound the 'madman nnd led bim to a plneu of hafifly. i All that, night -Kate luy p'routratod, but 'when her rollioking brother Ren ouran dowfJ on tho boat from Newport next day suo war well oncugb to list'eu to bio oulogtcmn on Pbii'o bravery, uofe..\YithoiH 5 teU-tnlo blueh, howovor. - . . . ' "I'tbongbt.yoa were going a (rip to Canada this 'week, abo paid to hiw, 0BT> " Oh, X ohaa-red ray nitnJ,'' ho anowciaa ,4You nco Jrok Luos .wanted ono rtcro to mako up hid ynohtirg party fr-»: Newport, nnrl , tho teuiplation was too grcai. Wo arrived. - thcro 'early this morning. By tho way, wo were nailing off horo luat night. Did wu ceo , thuPolatine? Ob, no I I wioli wo had.foLv really, Kate, I think It js a mpn of awed- > ding from tbo lookn of things." Ben enantercd toward tho door, next an Iio went out without cvon a backward glauce, bo 44 To think of our red firo oroatmg nueli a seurationt O, guilliblo hmuauity I Buper- . stitlon did not die with tbo dark ages.". 