whose was the hand ? Br Miss Braddon. Chapter XII. — Florestan's Mission. Florestan lunched with Sir. nnd Sirs. Ardon on the day after thoir meeting at the opera. It was tho lady who gave him the invitation. Ho had always been a favorito of hers, since tho time when ho sold tho meadow, and earlier, when ho had just left Eton for tlie superior indepen dence of tho University ; and in this busy Paris, crowded with strango faces, she had been plcasod to meet with a familiar face, a fnco associated with the cloudless years of hor first marriage. Everything was dear to her that brought back tbe memory of that time. Was she ' happy with her, second husband ? No, sho was not ; unless gratitude and a placid submission to tho dcereo of F.xto mean happi ness. She had drifted into this second marriage upon tho strong tide of Ambrose Ardou's pas sionate love — a love which had gathered force with each long year of waiting, and which hod become a power that no ordinary woman could resist. Such jv passion, so exceptional in its patient endurance, its intenso concentration, will compel love, or at least the surrender of liberty, and tho submission to woman's destiny, which is, for the mo3t part, to bolong to some- ono stronger than herself. Sho had submitted to this mastery, and she was grateful for that devoted affection whioh knew no wavering, which had , lost nono of its romantie intensity with tbo waning of tha honeymoon. No woman could be heedless of such a love as this, from such a man as Ambrose Arden ; and liis wife was deeply touched by liis idolatory, and gave him back all that a woman can give whoso heart is cold as marble. Ten derness, deference, companionship she could give, and sho gave them ; but the love she had lavished on Robert Hatrcll was a ' fire that had burnt out. . It was not iu Ambrose Arden's power to rekindle tho flame. Never since tho first year of lier widowhood had her thoughts reourred so incessantly to tlia past as they had done since her seoond marriage. I11 hor lifo wrtli her daughter, they two as sola companions, something of her girlish gaiety had .returned to her. SI10 had become almost a girl again in adapting herself to a girl com panion. In hor anxiety to keep the'burdon of sorrow off those youthful shoulders she had shaken off the shadow of her own sad memories, and hnd given herself up to girlhood's small pleasures and frivolous interests. But uinoe her marriage— sinco, her chief companion had been AinbroBc Arden and not Daisy, a deop cloud of melancholy had como doivh upon hot mind. The imago of hor first husband had be- como a ghost that walked beside her path and stood beside her bed ; and tho moinory of bar happiest years had become a haunting memory that camo between her and every charm and every interest that hor present lifo could oiler. Thus it was that sho had been eager to see more of Florestan, and had asked him to lun cheon at their hotel. Tliis time they wore at the Bristol, and it was 111 a salon 011 the second floor, looking out upon tlio Flaco Vendomo, that they received Gilbcit Florestan. Daisy beamed upon liiin in a white straw lint trimmed witli spring flowers, and a neat little grey chocked gown, mado by ono of those opicono tailors who give their minds to tlie embellish ment of the femulo figure. Sho had a bunch of lilies of the valley pinned upon her brenst, a bunch which Cyril had just bought for hor in the Rue Castiglione. They had been running about Paris all the morning, Cyril protesting that tlio groat eity was a vulgar, glaring dusty hole, yet very delighted to attend liis sweet- licart iu her explorations, and to show her everything that wa3 worth looking at. "I hope I havo satiated lier with churches," he said ; " wo have driven nil over Paris, and have gone up and down so many steps that I feel as if I had boen working on tho tread mill. Wo wound up with a scamper in P6ro la Chaiso." " It was a scamper ! " exclaimed Daisy. " Ha would hardly let me look at any of tho monu ments. Thoy aro all mixed up in my mind, a chaos of bronze and marble, classical temples and Egyptian obelisks — Balzac, Iiaoliel, tlio Russian Princess who was burnod to death at a ball, DescliSc, Thiers, Abelard and Hoioiso. I oould spend a long day roaming about in that placo of names nnd memories, nnd Cyril took me through tho alleys almost at a run. " " Why should a girl want to prowl about a cemetery, unless sho 13 a ghoul, and is mnp- ping out tho placo in ordor to go back thore in tho night and dig ?" Oyril protested with a dis gusted air. " I would rathor havo to stand nnd wait while you looked at all the shops in tho Ruo do la Pnix. " Tho luncheon was a vory livoly meal, for both Cyril and Florestan were full of talk lind vivacity, and Daisy talked as much as thoy let her, loaving Ambrose Ardon and bis wife free to look on' and listen. Thoy had spent thoir morning together among tho Becond hand book shops in the Quai Voltaire, whoro the scholar had found two or throo treasures in sixteenth century literature, and where the scholar's wife hnd hunted for herself among volumes of h lighter and more modern character,, and had selected somo small additions to tho carefully oliosen library at River Lawn, a oollcction whioh had been growing ever sinco Robert Hatrcll's death had mado her in some way dependent upon books for companionsliip. After lunch Florestan suggested a pilgrimage to St. Denis, nnd otforcd to net as cioorone, an offer which Daisy aceepted eagerly, so a rooniy earriago was ordered, and Mrs Ardon, her daugh ter, nnd tho two young men sot out for the rest ing place of Royalties, lonviug Ambrose free to go back to tlio bookshops. "It isn't a bad day for a drive, " said Cyril, aB the landau bowled along tho broad lovol rotid outsido the eity. " but I ain sorry that wo Mo pandering to Mis9 Hatreii's ghoulish tastes by hunting after moro graves." Thero was moro discussion that evening as to bow long tho River Lawn imrty should remain in Paris. They lind arrived from Italy two days boforo, and while they were in Venice Mrs. Arden had seemed anxious to return to England, and confessed herself home sick. In Paris she seemed disposed for delay. "I can't quite understand you, Clara," said hor husband ; ' nil your yearning for homo soems to have left you." "I am as anxious as over to go liomo, hut there is something I want to do iu Paris." " "What is that ?" ' " Oh, it is a very small inattor. . I would rathor not talk about it." : Ambrose looked at hor wondcringly. This was tho first timo sinco their marriage Hint silo had refused to tell him anything. Ho did not pross tlie point, iiowever. Tho mntter in ques tion might be some feminiiio frivolity, , soma business witli dioss makers or millinors, wliiuli it was 110 part of a husband'B business to lenow. Later on in the evening liis wifo askod a ques tion apropos to nothing. " Does Mr. Florestan know Paris particularly well?" Cyril answered her. " Ho tells 1110 that ho knows Paris by heart, and nil lier works and ways. Ho has lived hero a good dcnl off and on ; anil now lio hns estab lished his pied it tevrc in tbo Champs Eiysecs, and menus to winter hero and Bummor at Fouu- tainhead. You will havo liim for a neighbor,' Daisy. I hopo you nro not going to make ma jealous by taking too mucli notice of- liim." Ho spoke with tho easy gaiety of a man who knows himself beloved, and who is so secure in the possession of his swcctlienrt's affection that he can afford to mako a jest of tho possibilities which might alarm other men. Daisy first blushed, and then laughed -at the suggestion. "Poor Mr. Florestan!" siie sighed; "no father or mother, 110 sister or brother ! Nobody to bo happy or unhappy about ! AVliat an ompty lifo his must bo. " " Oh, the follow is lucky enough. He has 'a pretty old plneo and a good income. Ho is young and clover — and— woll- — yes — I suppose he is handsome." Daisy offered no opinion. p 17 " Dcoidedly handsome," said Ambrose Arden, looking up from the oiicssboard at which lie and his wifo wore seated. Clara had never touched a card sinco tbe nightly rubber came to an ond with her first husband's tragical death ; but she played chess nearly every evening witli lier second husband, who was a fine piayor, and intensely on joyed tiio game. .His wifo played just woll enough ta mako- tlio game interesting, nnd then thoro was for him nil unfailing delight in having Iter for his antagonist ; the delight of. watohing her thoughtful face, with the varying expression as she deliberate upon her play j tha de> light of touching her hand now nnd then as it moved among the pieces ; tho delight of hear- .ing tier low sweet voice. This life oould givo him no greater joy than hor companionship. It had been the end and aim of his cxistonco for long and patient years. Mrs. Ardcn sent Florestan a telegram next morning, asking him to call upon her as early as he oould before luncheon. Her husband was going to spend his morning at a sale of a famous library, and she would be freo to carry out an idea which sho had entertained sinco her meet ing witli Florostan at the opera. Mr. Ardcn had not been gone moro than a quarter of an hour before Florestan was Announced. Oyril and Daisy woro sight seeing, and Mrs. Ardcn was alone in the salon. She was sitting near one of the windows, with her travelling desk on a table before her. She thanked Florestan for his prompt atten tion to hor request, and motioned him to a seat on the other side of tho writing table. "1 am going to ask you to do mo a groat favor, Mr. Florestan," she said very seriously, " although our friendship hns been so inter rupted and so casual that I have hardly any claim upon you." All that was ardent and frank and generous in the man who affected cynicism was awakened by this deprecating appeal, and perhaps still more by the pathotio expression of tho Boit hazel eyes and tho faint trcmulousness of the lower lip. "You have tho strongest olaim," he answered " eagerly. "There is nothing I would not do to show myself worthy to be considered your friend. If wo havo not seen very muoh of each other we have at least been acquainted for a long time. I remember your daughter when she was almost a baby. I remember Ho checked himself, as ho was approaching a theme that might pain her. "You remember my husband," she said, interpreting his embarrassment. "It is of him I want to talk to you. I think you are good and true, Mr. Florestan, and I am going to trust you with the secrets of the dead. I am going to show you some old letters — letters writton to my dear dead husband — which I would not show to anybody in this world if I did not hope that some good, somo satisfaction to mo and to my daughter,, might come out of the light these letters can givo." " My dear Mrs. Arden, you do not surely hope that after all these years tho murderor will be found through any olue that tho past can afford." " I don't know what I hope — but I want to find a woman who loved my husband very tonderly and truly before evorlsaw his face. Sho was a friendless girl in this eity, a girl who had to work for hor living, but hor letters are tho outcome of a refined nature, and I feel aBtrange and melancholy interest in her. My heart yoarns towards the woman who loved my husband in his youth, and who might have been his wifo but for dillerenoo of caste." " Did your husband tell you about this youth ful love affair ?" " He alluded to it laughingly once or twice luring our happy married life; but I know aothing more than that he had once been in love with a French grisette until the week before my second marriage. I had a curious fancy before thatgreatohnngo inmy lifetogo book upon tho past." There was a grave regretfulness in her tone ab this point which was a revelation to Florestan. "And I occupied myself for a whole night, where everyone else in the houso had gone to bed, in looking ovor my husbanfl's papers. I had been through them moro than once beforo, and had classified and arranged them as well as I oould ; but 1 suppose I was not very business like in my wojy of doing this, for among soma commonplace letters from old college friends I found a little packot of letters in a woman's hand, which I had overlooked before." Sho opened her desk as sho spoko, took out a small packet of letters tied with a piece of red tape. There had been no sentimental indulgence in the way of satin ribbon for tho milliner's poor little letters. Thie tape was faded and old, nnd it was tho Bame picco which Bobort Hatrcll's own band had tied round them. " Pleaso read ono or two of those letters, and tell mo if they speak to your heart as they spoko to mine," sho said, as sho put tho packet into Florestan's hand. Ho untied tho tape, counted the letters, seven in all, and then began to road tho letter of earliest dafco. " Bue Chauvo Souris, Faubourg, St. Antoino, "9th May. "It was like a day spent in Heavon while we were togethor yesterday. I felt as if it wns years and years since I had seen groon fields and a river. Oh, the beautiful river, and the island whore wo dined. .1 did not think there was anything so lovely within an hour's journey from Paris. Ab, how . good it was of you to givo a poor hard working girl so much pleasure. I havo been in Paiis moro than a year, and no one ever showed mo a glimpse of green fields until yesterday. My brother was too busy with his inventions, and there wns no one clso. I woudor at your goodness, that you should take so much trouble for a poor girl ; and that you should not bo ashamod to be seen with anyone so shabby and insigni ficant." , Three othar letters followed, telling the same story of a Sunday in tho environs of Paris, of tho woods and tho river, and the rapturo of boing with him. Gradually tho pen had grown bolder, and it wns of love tho girl wrote to her lover — a humble, confiding, romantic, girlish love, which took no thought for tho morrow, asked no questions, suffered from no agonies of doubt. She wrote as if hor happiness was to know no change — as if thoso Sunday excursions to plcnsant places wero to go on for ovor. Sho told him how sho had goao to mass before she met him at tho railway station, or tho steamboat pier, and how sho had prayed for him at tho altar. The later letters had a moro serious tone, and breathed tho fear that hor dream must come to an end. " It hnB been liko a dream to know you nnd bo loved by you," sho wroto ; "but is tho dream to end in darkness, and tho long dull life that would bo left for me if you wore to go away and forget mo ? I suppose it must be so. I have boon too happy to remember that such happiness oould not last. You will go bnck to your own country, and fall in love with' a young English lady, and .forgot that you ever spent happy days on tho Seine, laughing and talking with your poor Toinetto. Your will forgot tbo arbor on tiie island where we dined in tho twilight; while musio and singing went past us in the boats, while we sat hidden behind vino leaves, and heard everything without being seen. Ob, how aweot it was ! I shall never see any more stars liko thoso that shone down upon us as , wo came from Marly ono night, sitting side by side on a bench on tho roof of tho train. I' shnll never see the river in Paris without thinking that it is tho samo rivor on whioh our boat has drifted, oh, so lazily, wbilo wo have talked and forgotten everything oxccpt our own faces and our own voices. All that was beautiful in the river and the landscapo seemed not outside us, but a part of ourselves and our lovo." Thero was more in tho samo strain, but later -the key ohanged to saddest minor. "I know you cannot marry me; indeed, I never thought or hopod to bo your wife. I only wanted our love to go on as long as it could. I wanted it to go on for over, asking no more than to see you now and then, once a week, once in a month oven— ab, even once in a year ! I oould livo all through a long dull year in tho hope of seeing you for ono blessed hour ou New Year's day. Is that too much to ask? You cannot guess how little would content mo — any thing except to lose you for ever. Tho day that you say to me, 'Good-bye, Toinetto, wo shall never meet again,' will bo tho day of my death. You are tho hotter part of my life. I cannot livo without you. I think of you in every hour of the day. I think of you with ovory stitch my needle makes through tho long hours in whiah I sit at work. Tho sprig of willow you picked when wo wero in tho boat last Sunday is'liko a living thing to mo — as precious as if it had a soul and could sympathise witli mo in my lovo and my sorrow." Florestan read on till tho last word in tho lost letter. " Do thoso sad littlo lcttors touch you as they touched me ?" asked Clara. "Yes, they oto pretty little lottcrs. They oro full of a tender, sentimental lovo whiah might mean much or little. Thero is no knowing how much reality thero is in all thin sentiihent — women are actresses from their cradle. Thoy can simulato everything — lovo or bato or prida or jealousy ; nothing comes amiss to thorn. But there is a pretty littlo air o oelf-abnocation in these letters which takes my fanoy, just as it ' took yours." "I believo that the sentiment in them is real," said Clara, "and I want to know what beenmo of this poor girl after the last letter was written. I want to know whether sho is livi or dead. Bemember, it . was her namo that was used to luro my husband to his death. Thore must have been somo link between tho murderor nnd that girl." » "Ah, I remember. There was a woman's name mentioned." "Yes, Colonel MacDonald heard tho name. It was Antoinette. He had heard my husband speak of a grisette with whom he had onoe been in love. "Do you think tbo girl was concerned in tho murder?" > . . "The girl who wrote those letters? No, assuredly not?" " Thero nro women whoso slighted love turns to remorseless hate," said Florestan. " Not such a women as tho writer of those let- tors. Sho is so humble, so unselfish, she accepts her fate in ndvance. No, I nm sure she was a good woman. I want to find hor if I can, to help her if she is poor and friendless. I want to find her for her own sake ; but still more for mine. Sho may bo ablo to give tho cluo to tho murderer. Her name wns used as a luro, nnd very few people can have known that Bobcrt ever cared for that girl. Tho man who inado that vilo uso of hor name must have known of that old lovo affair. Ho may have been tho brother of whom she writes. " "My dear Mrs. Arden, would it not be wiser — in your circumstances, with now ties — a husband who worships you, a daughter who adores you — would i not bo wiser to draw a curtain ovor that ono dreadful scone in your life — that ono terri ble shock which you suffered nearly eight years ago?" " I cannot ! I oannot forget the man I loved with all my heart and strength," exclaimed Clara, passionately. "Do you think because I have married again that he is forgotten ? Do you think that I have forgotten his life, which was so bright nnd happy, so full of gladness for himself and others ; or his miserable death? No, I havo not for gotten. I have married a good man, whom I honor and esteem. I nm as happy as tho most devoted lovo can make mo ; but I do not forget. Evor since I found those letters I havo been brooding ovor tho possibility of tho mur derer being discovered by that woman's agency." " Do you think that if her brother was tho murderer she would betray him?" " I think Bhe would no moro havo forgiven tho murderer than I havo— even if he is hor brother." " But she would hardly put a ropo round his neck." "Perhaps not. Only find her for mo, if you can, Mr. Florostan, and I shall bo deeply grate ful. You who kuow Paris so well; and who are living hero, havo opportunities." " If she is to be found I will find her. But thc3o lottcrs wero written moro than 12 years ago, and tho cleverest polico agent in Paris might fail in tracing her after such an intorval. Bemember, wo do not cvon know her surname. Tho lcttors hnvo only ono signature — Toin- ette." "There is the address of tho houso in whioh sho lived." " That is tho only clue. "Wo must begin upon that." "You are very good. You can understand, perhaps, why I appeal to you' instead of to my husband. In tho first place, ho is h dreamer and thinker rather than a man of action. Ho knows very little" of Parisian life, and he would not know how to sot to work. And in tho second place, it might wound him to kuow that my mind has been dwelling upon the past." "I understand perfeotly. I conclude that you havo told him nothing about thoso letters ?" "Not a word." "Thoro is one circumstanoe connected with your husband's death whioh has always mystified me," said Florestan, after a thoughtful pause. "How came the murderer, a foreigner nnd altogether unoonnected with your husband's life at Lamford, to he so well informed about his plans— to know that on such a day nnd at such an hour ho would bo on his way to Liucoln's Inn with a largo sum of money upon his person ? Tho man's plans had ovidontly boon made somo days in advance — tho lodging wns taken with one deadly intent. The woman who noted asnn accomplice must have been taught lier part in advanco ; tho flight to the Biviora with tho monoy must havo bcon deliberately thought out, for there was not an hour lost in the dis posal of tho notes. A little hesitation, a few hours' delay, and the polieo would hnvo. been able to track tho plunder. Everything wns ar ranged and carried out with a diabolical pre cision whioh nrgncs foreknowledge." " I havo puzzled ovor tho samo question till my brain has reeled," answered Clara. "Somo-, ono must have given the information — ono of our servants— a lawyer's clerk, perhaps. I dismissed every sorvant wo had at that time, as soon as I recovered from my illnos3. I would not havo anybody about mo who might oven unconsciously have helped to bring about my husband's death. All our servants know what was going to happen. "Wo talked of the purchase very often, and at dinner on tho evening beforo Robert went to London we disoussed his visit to tho bank and to tho lawyers, and his appointment to lunch; with Colonol MacDonald at tho club." " It is just possible that tho murderer was in your house that evening, and that ho got every detail from ono of your maid servants. "Women are such fools, and women of that class will believo everything that a smooth tongue tells thorn. It was tho yoar after tho war, a tirao when England swarmed with exiled communists. It was posaiblo that this girl's brother was among thorn, that ho haibored an old gradgo against hor lovor — that ho took pains to find out all ho could about your husband's circum stances, and, hearing of tho purchase monoy whicli was to be carried from the bank to tho lawyer's office, conceived the desperate idea of a murder and robbery in broad daylight, in a house full of people. I take it that the police would make somo investigations in your house hold, although the murder oocurrcd in Lon don?" "I know very little, of what happoncd qt that time. I won too ill to bo told any thing that was being done — and after I re covered I had too great a horror of tho post," I dared not speak about my husband's death. Years havo brought calmness. 1 can think of it now — and reason about it — though I shnll never understand why God cut short that happy life in so cruel a manner — I shnil never understand tho wisdom of my heavy chastise ment." Florestan was silent, pitying lier with all his heart, both for tho husband she had lost, and for tho husband to whom sho had given herself in a loveless union. Ho had seen enough ' of Ambrose Arden and his wife to divine that thero was profound affection on the husband's sido, and on the wife's only tho pensive submission of a woman who has givoti away her lifo in solf- nhnegation, pitying the passion whioh sho cannot recipro cate. ' - Daisy and hor betrothed camo into the room at this moment, sho laden with bunches of white lilac and Mardchalo Nicl roses, as tribute to her mother. - It scorned to Florestan as if Spring itself had come dancing into tho room incarnnto in that gracoful figure in a cream colored frock amd sailor hat, shining upon him out of- thoso sunny hazel eyes, giving warmth and brightness to tho atmosphere. Sho shook hands with Florestan in tlio friendliest way — too friendly to bo flattering to a man who was accustomed/ to oxcrciso a some what disturbing influence upon tlio other sex. But a girl who is engaged to bo married lias somotimes no eyes for any man except hor lover. Florestan had experienced that kind of thing ; and ho hud experienced the other kind of tiling from girls who are over on tho alert for fresh conquests, and who aro only stimulated .to . audaoity by the knowledge that thoy have secured one man for their bond slave. Daisy had no hidden thoughts, she wns just as simple and unaffected, just as unconscious of her own charms as she had been four years ago when sho wns still n child, with all a child's thoughts and pleasures. How different sho was from tho type of woman lio had onco compared with Dante's Beatrice, with Petrarch's Laura : tho splondid nud grnudiosc among women, tho Quoou of Beauty in tho World's Tournament. That magnificent typo had lost its fascination for him now. Ho stayed to luncheon, half roluotantlj, yet unable to resist his inclination to lingor. Am- brose Arden camo in from his book salo flashed with triumph. . He had gratified desires of long standing by tho purohaso of certain first editions of French classics — Villon, Bonsard, Clement Marot. His son mado light of the father's craze for books with a certain imprint. " "What does it matter who printed a book, or whore, or when ? " be cried. " The book is only a voice — tho voice of the dead. It is a spiritual thing. '. It is tho soul belonging to a body that has long been dust. How can it matter what outward form tho soul wears — upon what kind of rags the divine specoh has been printed — what kind of leather keeps the book from falling to pieces. I am amazed when I see people going into ccstacies about binding — except as furnituro to brighten a room. For a book I really caro about the outward form is of not the smallest account to mo." " You nro young, Cyril," bis father answorcd gently. "Youth has the kernel of the nut; age must bo content with tho huBk. Old men have to invent pleasures and passions. There is so much that they havo left behind them for ever." " That is a very reasonable explanation of the collector's mania, my dear father," answered Oyril, " but it is a great deal too early in tho day for you to begin to meditate upon tho con solations of old age. The sun of your life is still in the meridiau. Daisy and I are like the young birds, just peeping out of our nests at tho rosy glow of dawn." Tho River Lawn party left Paris two days after Olnro's interview with Gilbert Florestan, he seeing them off at tho station, an attention which, to Cyril Arden, seemed somewhat superfluous. Superfluous also the posy of Mnrdohalo Niol roses which Florestan handed into tho railway oarriago after the ladies had taken their seats. " You will have your own roses to-morrow," he -said to Mrs. Arden, "and if they are not quite so fine as these I daresay you will liko them better because they are home grown. I shall think of you all at River Lawn, and of my empty house close by." " Why don't you come and fill it?" asked Clara. "I mean to do so beforo long. I shnll givo up vagrant diplomacy and settlo down as a small Berkshire squire. I begin to think that I am not of tho stuff wliioh makes ambassadors, and that a roving life is all very well till a man approaches his thirtieth birthday, but begins to pail afterwards. My Paris is as familiar as an old song — I know all her tricks and her manners." He shook hands with mother and daughter, said good-byo, yet lingorcd and said good-bye again, when stern officials ordered him off. Ho loitered at the carriage door till' tho very last momont. He sighed as he walked away from tho ter minus, and ho was full of thought through all tho drcniy length of the Bue do Lafayette. " Happy fellow, to bo beginning lifo with such a girl as that for his companion," he mused, thinking of Cyril. "Sho is 'so gentle, yet so bold, so fresh and frank and gay and clover — a child in iguorance of all baso things ; n woman in power to understand and appreciate all that is grcnt and noble. If ever I care again for womankind my Love wijl be just such a girl as that. I wonder if thoro are many such, and where they are to bo found. " Ha wondered too, though ho scarcely shaped the thought, whether if the world wero rich in girls as innocent and as bright, endowed with all tho qualities that made Margaret Hattrell charming, ha should bo attracted to any other Bpcciinon of the kind as he had been attracted to her. Ho wondered whether it might not be tho individual and not the typo which had fascinated him. Ho pondered theso questions as if in a purely speculative mood, but was careful not to answer them. They woro doubts which floated through his mind like cloudletB in a summer sky. And in his mind there floated also the image of a girl's fnco, fresh and fair, with no taint or tarnish of the world, no artificial embellishment of paint or powder, pencil or brush upon its pure young beauty. The image haunted him long af tor tho train had carried Olarn Arden and hor daughter to Calais,' long aftor thoy had settled down quietly at River Lawn. Ho did not forget tho commission which Mrs. Arden had entrustod to him. Ho went to the; Rue Ohauvo Souris ou the morning after that prolonged leave- taking at the station, and found the house whioh, if there had been no alteration in tho numbering of tho street within tho last 12 years, must onco have sheltered tho girl who loved Bobort Hatrcl. It was a narrow house, with a shoemaker's Bhop on tho ground floor, kept by ono of thoso small traders who do more in tho way of repair ing old boots and shoos than of soiling new ones. Thero was a sido door, which wns open, nnd a narrow passago, leading to a staircase, whero thoro was just enough light to reveal the dirt and shabbiness of the walls and the"1 indications of poverty upon every landing. Florestan went to the top of the house with out meeting anybody ; but he heard the voicoB of children upon tho first floor, a domestic quarrel upon tho second, with voices raised to their highest pitch in accents of recrimination, and on the top story a woman was singing a monotonous sentimental melody, in apparent unconsciousness of tho strife below. It wns evident thore wero separate households upon each story. Tho sing-song voico of the woman in tho garret was so suggestivo of a peaceful menage thnt Florostan took courage to knock at hor door, which was opened by tho siugor, a faded woman with a gentle, long , suffering cast of countenance, a washod out cotton gown, and a littlo cashmcro shawl pinned across attenuated shoulders. A baby in a craillo in the corner near the hearth accounted for tho monotonous chaunt whioh Florostiin had hoard outside. He apologised for his intrusion, and told her ho was in search of a woman who had lived in that houso 12 years before. Would she diroot him to the oldost inhabitant of tho house?" "You won't havo far to go to find her," answered the woman. "There's only ono lodger who has beon in this houso over two or threo years, and I fanoy thnt one must have lived hero over sinco the taking of the Bastille. No body knows how old sho is, but it wouldn't surprise mo to bo told sho was n 100. If she has sense enough or memory enough to answer your qucstio s she ought to be able .to tell you any- thing you want to kuow about former lodgers." j " Who is this person?" " Mdlle. do Lnfont, a pensioner of a noble family in Tonraine. Sho is a distant re lation of tlio Marquis de Laiont, who al lows her a tiny pension. Her grandfather and grandmother wero guillotined in "92, and her father was left a helpless lad in Paris. Sho will tell you her story. Sho loves to talk of her youth and its dangors. And though sho has a very poor memory for events that happened yesterday, she remembers the smallest things connected with lior childhood." "If that is tho condition of her mind, ste may have forgotten a lodger of a dozen years ago," suggested Gilbort. ' " . ' " I can't answer for that. I can only toll you that sho must have been in this house with your lodger. If you want - to talk to her I can take you down to her room. She is very poor hut her room is always dean and neat. Sho has just strength enough left to attend to that, and when her sweeping and dusting are done she sits all day by tho window rolling hor thumbs and talking to her canary bird." " Boor old soul ! I feel interested in lier from your description, and shall bo very muoh obliged if you will introduce mo to her." (To be continual.) 