AMUBKMKHTS. . THEATRE ROYAL. 1IBL HTLM AH HAIIUrr. . It: fa so seldom Uwt we see uHambt,'or indeed aay of Saakspsare^ tragedies we might go further aad aay pbya— performed with a stranr all round east that Um unwonted circumstance b worthy of being put on record. ftnw»r*;'«^ H fa Hamlet who la Um living figure fa a group of puppets; oonasinnaHy Ophelia fa the only character who fa capable of evoking Um sympathies of the home, aad one feebakrad of cruel satisfaction Tatttie whole sab slaughter which marks the finish. On Saturday night, however, it waa positively a new sensation to see some of tho more subor dinate characters fa Hamlet as played by tho G. a Mifa Company assert themselves so weU aa to divide the attention of the huuse between them aad Um principals, but of thfa more anon. Mr. G. a Mim, a new exponent of 8bakspean here, opened at Um Royal for Um first time on Saturday night fa Hamkt, and got one of those badly recognitions from the Adelaide pbygoan who an wont to practise the precept tewel como Um coming, speed the partfar guest' hi af«Mioustash1cacaaraotetMtiolrtUn. We have never had ft Hamlet who has lived in our memories fa more kiadry guise than that of Montgomery or of Faiidough, for theirs had an air of ongfaaUty about it and the stamp of trueaaturafess. Mr. Mifa'a Royal Dane dfa appofata at first aad pbasas afterwards. It abo haaorigfaal points— the 'business' fa rnrtioo larry good,' Uicsotiloqnistngthebttet istiiisqtory. dear voice1, a tnflo too measured though, ana themn Kes hfa weakest point Some of his ao&bquie;* wen delivered in the tone of a panonical bomOy, but be never rants, and hfa acting ba an air of stU-rettraiat about it which makes dae rmprtssioa. Ia fact, we like Mr. Mib's conception of the character of Hamlet, and fa a measure his in terpretation' of h, all but the maunerism to which we have referred. He ba* noaeof Um waa Um bat pretentious actcr we saw assume UMpart ben. and he iiossbssm much of Um ease aad manly mem of Fairdough, although we give the palm to Um btter. It is by ao means a stereotyped aad rather a subdued re presentation. In Um first act Um brooding mebnchoryof UMaomfare-soubd Prince is the marked feature, and Mr. Mibrt deattaaoar fa apt to create Um idea that hfa Hamlet wffl be lacking fa fin and feeling, but as be goes on Um repressed energies oTtbe Prince's natun came crsduaUy to Um surface, and we see a fairly vkorous setf-contafaed man, who, but for his mind being 'sicklied o'er with the nab cast of thought7 would have comforted him self more bealthOy as the worthy type of hfa moat worthy tin, and taken hfa allotted active part amonr hfa peers. In short, Mr. M0n% Hamlet v Jess of a nervous than an artistic one. He is strong fa Um sudden bunt of emotion, but never bees a sort of dignity that sits naturally upon him. Then was a bokof sincerity andsMf-possession satirical moods hfa manner bora testimony to Um acidity of bis words. The scene with the gravediggen and the apostrophe to YoriokTs tkuU wanted warmth and force of e/prnaiion. TaUngit altogether, however, we think Umt Mr. Munbaa made a deep and comprehensive view of Um. character ami humanised it: hfa Hambtfaaotmd of mind, though hfa brafa is distracted by Um torture of doubt, aU Um more exbanstfag because of its concentration within, and when hfa pent- up feelings do find vent they an suffidwitly terribb fa their inten sity. In the scenes with Ophelia there was much. more tenderness than we usually see, and it was : consistent with Um general conception; ao. abo when with hb mother the prcvailfag sentiment was sorrow shadowed over by Just annr. * He fatroduoea effective by-play fa the interview with Um ghost . .For instance, be kneels wiU- hfa oross nQted npbr before him, and when the spectral counterfeit preeeutnnent of nm murdered avo vaafahca the unnatural nervuue strain fa relaxed and Hamlet faBs prone. Tbedoiet scene with King Claudius fa omitted, aad ao fa a good deal ebe, or the phy would have bated beyond 11 oVbek. .: Weansury we cannot coagratabte Mfas Loose Jordan on her Opbdia. It jras colour less and unsympathttic, wanting individuabty at the first, and aha oaly awakened the faterest of Um boon in Um mad scene. Her dress when she first came on was a carious colour combination, aad took away much from Um air of centb grace with which the fair sweet Ophelia won young Hamlet's love. In the mad scene abo was modi better, and her demeanour then touched the sensibilities of the bouse aided by Um pathos of the scene itedf. We do not think Opbdia biT best part aad expect more of her, assne has the reputation of being a careful, competent actress. The bdy would do wdl not to paint «o much; it n a faHfag aniiy actresses have, aad causes comment when praise might other wife coma. We have rarely seen Hamlet played with a stronger cast, and it waa a pleasun to note how weU the principals wen suppnrtrd. Mr. J. H. Nuna nude a manly vigorous KfagCbudfas; Mfas Kate Douglas was ft worthy mate for Um energetie ruler of warlike Denmark, and fa the dumber scene with Hamkt acted with a most intelligent per ception of the situation. She affected a royal dignity when Um neomsitwa of Um case de manded it, but was all woman— albeit perbapa, alittbbysterieal— when hcrsim sternly Drought her face to face with her degradation and treason to hfa noble father's memory. Pdoniua fa Kcneralry made a pottering, garrulous old hnbecflo, but Mr. Joseph Starirefavated the character, and showed him up m an aged. weakening man who had done hfa liege lord some Kmce fa hfa time aad was worthy of the esteem in which he was hdd. Many acton mfatako the point in Um 'very like a whub' episode- where Hamlet trifles with the old courtier) but Kr. Stark condu liveJy . showed that Pulonius was not - a sycophantic old fool, but was oaly humouring Hamlet for hfa auppowd inanity. We have naught but commendation to bestow upon Mr. Atbolwold for hfa Laertes. It was a very nabbed rendering; and ao waa Mr. W. J. MmtattMrrii Horatio— a wen-built manly, graceful gaUant Tbu first gnvedmnr was ?a original— a robust, beany, middle aged jovial odver amongst dead men's bonce, fa itead of Um senue crack -voiced querubus relbw of former fashion. We did not take, kindly to the ghost WhyheshouMbecoverod up from bead to foot with something like a moMnnto net we cannot coucdvo hfa armour would protect him from the fibs. He waa too material a ghost aa he rtaDeed across Um front of the stage. The remainder of Um distribution of dnracten was as follows, and all did wdl :— Rosenoranx [Mr. E. Walton), Gmkbrstem (Mr. H. Hill), Dtrie (Mr. Cbment WakefiddL MarceUus air. W. Monoyl, Bernardo (Mr. F. RnbertsJ, rrascfaco (Mr. A. Robntaiei), Priest (Mr. T. LeceyL Player Queen (Mfas Frances Ross). The puce was admirably staged. KouMoftbe dothca Mr. Miln has brought with him an very artistic, and tbo.cortumfajr was wxthy of the occasion. Mr. Mifa dresses wdl as Uamlet, and bo fences skilfuny the encounter with Laertes fa the last set bemg a spirited iflair. The house waa not a large one, hut rery appreciative, aad the company aa a vbob created a htjrhly favourable impttniin. They drtrrve to be liberally patronised if only ror the fact that they an so wdl babneed: IVi-night the 'Merchant of Venice' wffl be : rtawrt. Mr. Mifa ought to make a good gbybek. 