No. 315 SOUTILAUDLEY STREET. (vANsTrnY FAm.) It was a charming little house, and it suited meexnctly. My wife said so; and as every thing that pleases her pleases me, I said so too; and we took it furnished for twelve months from Lady-day. The landlord's name was Mr. do Rosay ; but we never saw him, as he had gone abroad. We only in tended to use the house for the season andfor occasional visits when the country became dull, or when the frost stopped hunting. As a matter of fact, we lived in it for three-qpiarters of our term, and tried to take it on afterwarli: but the ownier was coming back to live in it, and is living therem at this moment. I have not been quite so certain during the past few weeks that I should like to return to it; but my wife says that, except for an attack of indigestion and a consequent night-' mare. I never was sick or sorry in it, and that she wishes to goodness we were back now, tustead of in a Victoria street fiat. I deny the indigestion, and question the night mare; but it is of no use. My wife would go to the Bldnkneys' ball on the 5th of July in last year, and I would not. Everything which pleases my wife pleases me; but exceptions prove the rule. So when she said that she should do as she pleased, I said so should I. Then she was quite pleased to go without me, and the rule was again proved; so much so that I nearly repented and went with her; but eventually consoled myself by dining with a bachelor friend at his club, and doing a theatre. Of course I had to stand himn supper in return, so we had a lobster salad and a little buttered crab somewhere in Maiden lane-I forget the names of those places now that I am married. The supper was excel lent, so was the burgundy; and after a cigar I turned in about 1 o'clock, and fell asleep so quickly that I had hardly time to wonder how my wife was enjoying herself, I and to hope that she would not wake me on her return. I must have been asleep for a couple of hours when I was aroused by a light in my eyes. Thinking that it was my wife, Igrunted a remonstrance and prepared to turn over to my other side. I partly opened my eyes as I did so, and, to my astonishment, saw a man in evening dress bending over my bed with a candle in his hand. Iwas asleep on the left side of the bed, in the position that I always occupy; and as the bed was a very wide one, I could not at tirst make out what lie was doing, as I was without my eyeglass. When, however, I had really got my eyes open and used to the light, I could see that he was paying no attention to me, but looking at the side of the bed nearer to him-the side, in fact, usually occupied by y my wife. Was that a sob? 1 turned my head a little. Then in horror I perceived that my wife-no; the hair on the pillow was long and fair, and my wife is a brunette, and between ourselves, this-some of her hair- . At all eventsa, it was not my wife, but a fair woman quite unknown to me, who was lying half undressed outside of the bed. Her eyes must have been half closed, for the man bent lower and held the candle close to her face as if to rouse her. "You are in pain, rilror nis ie," he mur mured, in a very deep, but not disagreeable voice, "Drink this." In his lelt hand the man held a wine-glass, with some dark liquid in it. The woman moaned faintly. "You shall drink it," he said, in a slightly louder tone. And as he did so he placed the candle on the foot of thebed. While moving, he threw the light more completely on his features, and I saw them clearly. He was a dark, aquiline-featured man, distinctly of a Jewish type, with black hair and moustache, and with the blackest eyes that ever I saw, and the hardest looking. There was the least touch of something wrong with the left eye-a cast, I suppose, but a slight one just enough to give a sinister expression to the face in some aspects of it. He returned with the wine glass stillin his left hand, and with his right he clutched the woman's left wrist, and I could see his teeth a clinch and the muscles of his lean square jaw r set themselves. She gave a little shriek of pain, but opened her hand, and then let her fingers close on the stem of the glass. "Drink it off," he said; "it is the sedative Sir William ordered;'a wonderful thing for neuralgia." L She raised her head from the pillow and i put the glass to her lips. As she did so, I t could see the .,arks on her wrist, where he had clutched it, change from white to red. S"It is very strong," she said, taking a sip. ,. ..- .. - geoitD voicei ;anpinsgm his arasonud her neck he thrust his finger against her lips till she opened her month. His hand was on the bottom of the glass, and he tilted it till it I stood on end. She choked and coughed. t " You are as hard to dose as a dog," he I said, with a low, soft laugh. "You will soon sleep now. Good-night, moon amic." Then he took up the light and walked to wards the door, looking back as he did so with a sort of smile on his cruel, sallow, face, and with the lest in his eye more apparent thainever. It was the sort of look that a man might have as he watched the result of an interesting experiment-a look full of quiet, choerful interest. I had been waiting then from second to second-the whole transaction hardly took a minute- for one of them to notice me. Twice I had opened my lips to speak, but a vague feeling kept me silent. Now that the man was actually leaving the room I shouted after him. But, to my horror, I could not hear myself; and the man did not turn his head as he closed the door after him. Had I been suddenly struck with deafness, he at least would have heard; and I should not have been able to listen, as I was listening, to the heavy laboured breathing of the woman lying beside me in the pitchy darkness, or to be con seious that it was growing fainter and fainter, till, after a low, moaning gurgle, it choked and ceased altogether. Then the spell was broken, and I was able to spring up in bed with a yell of horror that re Ssounded through the house, clutching in Svain terror in the blackness, my hand Sfalling first upon the head and then upon Sthe hand of the woman beside me. To my Sastonishment, my hand was angrily graspel 1 by little warm fingers, then flung back upon Sthe counterpane; while the voice of my wife, Ssleepy, very cross, but unmistakably hers, asked what on earth I meant by rousing her from her first sleep when she had shown such consideration in slipping into bed without Sdisturbing me. Itold her as well as Icould; but neither I then, nor during the day which followed, when I told the whole story much as I lhave above, was any explanation which did not Sinclude the buttered crab accepted by her. SIn fact, she pooh-poohed and scoffed at my ghost story to such an extent that, though the incident took plhce a year ago, I have Shardly ventured even to think of it since. ; But the whole affair was brought to my mind forcibly a week or two ago, when I was ,at the office of my late landlord's solicitor, Smaking some payments, which, by-the-bye, SI ought to have made on giving up ps 1 session at Lady-day. I had remarked to him how sorry we were to turn out, and sthat he really might have allowed us to Sstay on for a few weeks of the season, con r sIdering that our landlord had only now I returned. 1 "What sort of a man is Mr. de Rosayl" I asked. "He seems pretty peremptory, from the only correspondencel have had with him." S"Poor old Will !" said Mr. Inkpen. "He is not so bad as he makes himself out, and he Shas had a lot of trouble. HIowever: he seems happy enough now. Look at his photo graph !" And the solicitor, who was filling up a receipt for my money, nodded towards a Slae e~nvelope which lay on the table in front S" What sort of troublo ?' I asked, think Sing that, at all events, Mr. de Rosay had not bad to accompany his wife over a hundred I and odd furnished fiats and houses in search of a roof to shelter him. S" Trouble!" ejaculated Mr. Inkpen. "Why his young wife died when they had only been married a year." I had been thinking of my bachelor days, but still I expressed a becoming sympathy for Mr. de Rosay. Mr. Inkpen, who is a very cheery specinen of a lawyer-more like a family doctor than a family solicitor-ran on "Charming girl she was, with a snug fortune. 315 South Andley street was hers, and she died there two years ago on Satur day next. You did not know your land lord was my cousnin Heo used to wander abontlookinglike t corpse; but since he has been abroad; like many.people who seem heartbroken, he has married aga.n." e"Indeedi "I said, in an untecessarily sirn tineam wihing all the time thatmy til?b'ghts would not travel quiteo soiindily to my bshelor days. ". . "Yes, married a great friend of his wife's -a clever girl,who, curiously enough, was studying medicine in London at the time Marie was taken ill." "Indeed!" I said again. I was getting a little tired of Mr. and Mrs. de Rosay; but Mr. Inkpenwent on " She used to help to nurse poor Marie with the greatest devotion; fed her, mixed her drinks-everything, in fact. She gave up her studies to do so. Curious what one woman will do for another, isn't it ? Will is half Spanish himself, and his first wife was French; but this time he has married an English girl, thank good ness! Well, well, if he is ever ill he will have a good nurse to look after him, and a very pretty one too. Look at her photo graph.' I drew from the envelope a cabinet picture of two persons standing side by side. At the pretty features of the bride I hardly glanced; the man beside her was enough for me. There he stood, unnistakable-the dark hair and moustache, the sinster smile, the curious look in the left eye! I suppose I uttered some exclamation, for Mr. Inkpeu looked up, surprised. " What is the matter?" he said, rather drily. "You don't know her, do you?" " No," I said; "h but he is like someone I know." 'lThen, as I could hardly tell my story to a solicitor and the cousin of the man in question : '" W't did his first wife die of ?" " Very sad affair," he answered. "Delicato woman. Headaches and neunrlgia-vou know the sort of thing; took a lot of opiates. One night she took an overdose of chloral or laudanum, or something of the kiiind, and died while he was in the next room undress ing." "Dear me !" was all I could say. "How sad !" " Sad ?" he echoed; " It was only his iron nerves and constitution that emnbledhie reason to stand the shock. - I had a lot of worry, too, about the business, trying to get her insurance money for weeks before they would pay it. We had to threaten an action, but they gave in. Of course, it wa not suicide." " No," I echoed; "'of course it was no suicide. What date did you say ?" "It was Saturday next-the 5th of July, bless you!" said Mr. Ink-pen, evidently gratified at having so visibly shocked me. "We should have been nowhere, all the same, but for that girl, the present Mrs. de Rosay. She knew of every drop that poor Marie took, and could not stop her. Well, it's all over now, and de Rosay will spend the second anniversary of his first wife's death in her house with a new bride. What a thing it is to have iron nerves! Dou't you envy him ?" " No," I said, turning as I left the room; " upon my soul I don't !' I fancy Mr. Inkpen stared a little as I left. I would.not pass to-night at 315 South Audley street, if I had the house rent- free for the rest of the season. No, upon my soul, I do not envy Mr. de Rosay to-night, nor his wife either ! But perhaps she has iron nerves, too. 