SCIENCE AND AET JOTTINGS. Photographs have lately been taken of Hie two interesting old astronomical instru ments at the Pefein Observatory. These instruments are the most ancient of the kind in the world, having been made by order of the Emperor Riblai Khan in the year 1279. They are exquisite pieces of bronze work, and are in splendid condition, although they have been exposed to the weather for more than six hundred years. Dn. Wiehelhx, of Griistrow, Germany, strongly recommends that in cases of lead poisoning a small quantity of blood should be taken from the arm. He has practiced this treatment in twenty-five cases, and •peats warmly of the success he has met -with, the patients in some cases expressing themselves as greatly relieved immedintely after the operation, and the affection taking a marked change for the better from that time. What is called " the ice-bag treatment" of internal hemorrhage, pneumonia, and various other ailments, has come into considerable vogue on the continent of Europe and has been introduced into Eng land.- It consists in laying an impervious bag filled with pounded ice upon the lungs Land other affected parts. Eminent English physicians oppose the practice on the ground that the chill induced by tlie ice cap weakens the vitality of the parts to "which it is applied, and retards instead of accelerating the recovery of the patient. The ibb6 Nollet has always been claimed . by the French as the precursor of Franklin in the discovery of electricity. And now a book has been, found in Italy, -written by a Venetian doctor, Eusebio Ignario, and published in 1746, two years before the dis coveries of Abb6 Ifollet, of -which the title ' is "Electricity, or the Electric Force of Bodies." It contains facte extremely curious ; for the epoch it belongs to, and on thunder is this-characteristic paragraph: "What fatal surprise awaits the first experimenter who, having found the means of artificially producing lightning, -will succumb a -victim of his own. curiosity." Apples have enthusiastic advocates. One of them, writing for the Country Gentleman, says: " It is not claimed for the apple that ."it is a complete food in itself, but on the food list it possesses a'value far above the nutrients it furnishes. Apples aid the stomach in the digestion of other foods, and, therefore, the best results are obtained from eating tliem after, rather than before, meals. If one feels that he has eaten more dinner than is compatible with his after comfort, he will find that an apple -will facilitate • an early digestion and afford greater relief than an alcoholic drink or a drug-store prescription." In the Pacific Coast region there «r» =oiv . four flourishing colonies introduced pheasants. The moat northerly of these colonies ie the south end of Vancouver Island. -iear Victoria; the second in Prot-ec ±£i>n Island in Puget Sound; the third at the junction of the Willamette Eiver with the Columbia; and the fourth in the middle portion of the Willamette Valley. The two latter colonies are now separated by so narrow a strip of territory that they will doubtless become united during the next few years. All the pheasants of the three colonies last mentioned hare been imported from China by Judge O. N. Denny. Two new seismoscopes, adopted at the Italian meteorological stations, are de scribed as being of a very simple nature, the one consisting merely of an iron rod, about five inches long, leaning slightly against an adjustable screw support near its middle, and with its lower pointed end in a cup. When a shock or tremor occurs, the rod falls away from its support and is " caught by a fixed metallic ring, making electric contact and ringing a bell. In the other instrument, the ring is connected with a hinged lever arrangement, which stops the mechanism of a time-piece, show ing when the earthquake shock occurred. . A EINGCI.AB Asiatic people called tlie , Akas, "who live among the bills north of Assam, dip the barbs of their arrows in aconite, and they are so made that when «ny/-attempt is made to pluck out the ^ anow, the barb breaks ofi and remains in thsironnd. The poison is so deadly, that even a buffalo usually falls, after running • -a few yards, when he has been struck by . one. Some of the superstitions of the . Akas are curious. If a river runs between an Aka's house and his burying-place, his soul can never go home after death. This -inability of the spirit to cross water is, however, overcome by stretching a string across the stream that divides the grave from the house of the departed. The ghost can easily cross when the slightest foothold is given him. Dr. W. B. Eichahdson, in an article on " The Physiology" of Good and Evil," says: " Let us first look on the ideal of goodness or perfection. The "scientific view of human perfection is strict and plain. Men of science of all men, fail to see any human representative who is the perfection of goodness. To them there is but One perfect and truly sane intelligence, whose immen sity none can conceive, whose power none can measure, whose goodness none can comprehend; all space His Heaven, all energy His existence, all thought His mind. Men of science of the strictest truth bold in most precious memory their own children of genius, their discoveries, their martyrs; but they venture not to compare even them with aught that is above our common humanity." Is the introductory lecture to the agri cultural class at the University of Edin burgh, delivered at the opening of the I present session, Professor Wallace urges • that sheep farmers in Great Britain will shortly feel the effects of rivalry with the flock-masters of Australia. There are 100,000,000 sheep in Australia, mostly merinos, which are not, by the way, a " flesh - yielding, but a wool-giving race. Professor Wallace hazards the opiDion that, before many years have passed, Australia will be possessed of over 200,000,000. He makes, also, the astonishing statement that merino mutton is equal in flavour and tex ture to the best Highland, Welsh, or South down mutton. Upon these two assumptions lie foretells calamities to the meat pro ducers of his country which his country men hope he will not live to see. A Curious Experiment.—Dr. Galton tells us of an experiment lie made in an aquarium with two fisli. It was divided into two parts by a plate of glass perfectly transparent and therefore invisible totlie fish. In one division tliere was a pike, in the other a gudgeon. Every lime the pike saw the gudgeon he rushed to seize him, but every time he was stopped by the plate of glass. He did not learn soon, but for several months made this rush, and bruised his nose against the glass. Finally, he. came to understand that for some reason inscrutable to his intelligence he could not seize the gudgeon, and Sen he gave it up. He now svram about, seeing the gudgeon constantly, but paying no attention to it. Then the plate 01 glass was removed. This made no difference, the pike . did not at tempt. to take the. gudgeon. He had acquired the habit of leaving the gudgeon alone. The conundrum was, would his de scendants inherit that habit or possess the original impulse pf their kind? Illustra tions of tliis kinder showing the operation pf the principle of acquired inheritance are what Mr. Galton wants. 