THE BISHOP'S ADDRES3. Following is tin- text of tliu address delivered by ihw BmIiop of Uiveriua at tlie.recent session nf tho Churoh of England Sjuod : — liY REVEREND BBKTHUE^ AND BBETII tj RE!f 3P rnu LAITY, W O UlUUt' «a u oj uuu uu ii-a ruai. session. Somo fuces uro now,, somo aro those of uld and tiiod friends, whom mny God abovo long spnro lo tbe Diosese and abnndantly bloss in His service ; and tnay Ho be training others to tako a liko deep and enrnost interest in the welfare of our Zion. We havo invoked the Divine blessing iipon our proceedings. We havo pleaded Divine promises. Lot us go forward in drpeudonco npon that blessingr and trusting in that promise of one tvbo cannot fail. To one and all I tender my hearty welcomo, nnd. rojoice to see you gathered iu our qnasi Synod Hall. Let us oach ,on douvonr to manifest that spirit whioli, befits those who are met togother, as we havo met, for the welfare of tho church to which wo belong, tho Church of England, which is a poetion of the whole body of iho' church, to redeem which Je?as Christ our Lord gave nothjt\^ ie0a than Himself. ' At tli'o commencement of our second synod it seems right to review the . work of the three sessions of the first, aud to' take stock of our possessions in the way of ordinances and standing reso lutions: Havo we anything to Bhow for onr existence, or has our time been wasted P Has it been taken up with mere talk, or is their some substantial resnlt to nhow to the Church and to tbe world 1 Have wo cumbered our reports , with legislation that uimply lies on tho shelf, or is our legislation useful; and practical? Let me invito you my brethren, to review with me onr ordinances and standing reso lutions, nnd to see what answer we can give to the above important questions.. By two resolutions ;|we have accepted the Constitution , of tho General S ynoa, and have assented to all determinations of that body made be fore 1886 and also No. 1-2 of 1886, and thus have'plnced ourselves in willing con nection with the synodical action 'of the Church ot England in Australia and Tasmania. Wo have duly taken onr place in the fedoration of onr church in these dominions of our Qaeen. By our first ordinance we assented to a draft constitution for the Provincial Synod which that body proposed with a view of amending it self, and have also considered a pro posed ordinance on tho subject of Ecelesinstical. Discipline and reported to the Provincial Synod ns requested. Our second ordinance regulates the method of electing lopresentatives to the General and Provincial Synods and is found' satisfactory in its working. The third ordinance regulates tho con vening of Diocesan .Synods and the eleotion thereto of Lay Representatives andpresentsnodifficdlties in its working. The fourth provides for the: election' of future bishops ot Eiverina, and has beent anxiously scauned by both the Chancellor and myself, in order to dis cover if hindrances, wiiich~hnve arisen underJoertaioWentualities to tho filling up of other dioceses in Now South Wales and Now Zealand, would affect this. See, with tho satisfactory resnlt that we see.that our ordinance is so judiciously worded as to avoid thoso and similar difficulties to which allupion has i been made, and though the ordi nance in question describes itself in its preamble as of a provisional nature, I am inorfe and more coavinccd that we could not do bettor than leave it as it ib, and where it is. The fifth of our ordinances in terprets and shortens ? thoir languugo and stands bb a wise and' unefnl measure. Tho sixth constitutes a Dio cesair Council and has been found to bo, wisely framed . Speaking personally, I have found the Council to be of very great assistance to mo, and in no way a hindrance, in all the ^matters which have como before it, and .myself : nor have its members Bhrunk from the worlf^ but havo'devotod long hours to financial and other considerations. I' gladly expresB hero my best thanks to tho members of the council for the help' given 'to myself, nnd for their services to tho Church. As a matter of necessity, owing to the goography of the jliacese, it ihas been the members living in or nenrost to Hay who havo chiefly taken part in its deliberations ; only at that mooting wbich is usually held ' b'eforo 't,he 'Synod can it be tlio case that the whole council is gathered together. Still I am convincod that although it, is those.nearcst to Hay who have 'tnoit to do with its worlc.jthoao at a distance not only are not disposed to find fault with that in which thoy oannotp toko, part, but feel, grateful for what is cldne by those who. can do , it. One slight amendment to tlie ordinance was fb'undjadvisablo in order to avoid unnecessary expense and trouble. ' Th'^ quourm did consist, of -3 clergy and ,,2: -laymen. Two. of the; throe' ' clergy had to -travel at least 80 mileej if .nbt 100 and upwards. It was felt u'aithat thero was no need of more clergy than _ laity, ; especially aa the' Bishop is alwayB in tho _ chair ; tho' number of clergy required for a quorum was tKor'efo'ie reduced to two; The seventh ordinance for instituting a Olergy Assurance Pund was repealed by the eighth, tho following session, whicH ' itself also was found to need slight'&neh;'dments to mqet emergen cies which arose. This is in working order^and,; is tho best that a young diocese: call do : it is n crying shamo that (betels not a strong' society of long stiJnding 'to provido ponsions for all thosa1 clergy in Australia who tnay yrish, to Bubsoribo in this matter, I as in failing to provido a school for tho eons 'of the clergy, tho Metropolitan Diocese 6o;pm8 signally to have failed in foresight; ' What a nureTy for tho clerical; ranks shch a school might havo proved!' Here, as in tho old country, the fainiiUoB of tho clergy might have provided, as they fail to do here, in n' large moasure tho fnture clorgy. Sacbi'anotljer, school as tho .Clergy, Daughter's School at W uvorley might have been well formed, if not earlier, nt any rata raced tly, with windfalls which havo como to Sydnoy Diocese. How ovor, with rogard to provision for tlio old ago of clergy, wo aro doing what we can. The ninth ordinancois for the purpoao of increasing tho efficicncy of Sunday Schools, nnd promoting thoir ostablishmont, Tho tenth is for con stituting n tribunal for tho adminis tration of ocolosiastical discipline, and soems, on comparison with like legislation in othor dioceses, to combino the good points of all and to go beyond i it in aims important features. This : ordinanco, whilo I trust that it may ' never bo necessary to pnt it into force, stands as a monument of tho deliberate : opinion of the sensoof Churchmon as tojtbo high charactor, both as to- con-s 1 duct and duty, which clorgy onght to 1 boar, and of tho intention of both ' clorgy and laity so far as is possible to I stop anything to tho contrary. Of all f moni thoBe who como so near to God, i in privilego, in* power, in service, a i do tho olergy, should recommend ihe I religion thoy profess by tbo ' con- i sistency of -their iiyoa and obedi:uce f 10' tlioir ordination vows. Besides i thoso ordinancos, we have resolutions, i Ono of the first session requires tho I olergy to keep a registrar ? of i parishioners. 1 shonid havo thought i that the clergy would do this, not' only i as a matter of obedience, but also for effioiont working of their parishes, and that wh'en thoy leave, their successors may bo enabled to know who bolorigs to the Church of England ; but whon I ask for return?, in most casos, either a blank column is left, or thero appears an insertion to the oGfect that ths clergyman has no idea of tho numbor, or something to the samo effect. A seoond resolution of tho same Synod requires churchwardens to furnish financial statements annually to the diocoso. Por this purpose tho council has issued forms, which havo for the most part been answered promptly, and no doubt within a fow days the' re- mainder will come to hand. These will be tabulated and presontod to - the Diocese with the Synod Roport, and will show the finoncinl validity of somo parishes, that thero is something to dosiro in othors, and tho painful struggles of yet others. A third reso lution requires congregations to make collections to tho Goneral Fund of tho Diocese. This is done almost uni vorsally, and I trust that thero may bo no oxcoption to tho rule. Loyalty to tho church and tho Dioceso, and its mouthpiece -'n tho Synod, should suffice to secure this. The council has fixed thoso for Trinity Sunday, and tho last Sunday after Trinity. The Clergy Assurance Ordinauco roquiroB an offertory alao, for that fund, and asks for it on or noar Christmas Day,, when it is hopod hearts aro openod wido in gratitudo for- highest Chris ticn mercies ,1'n God's greatest gift to man. - To return now to my questions. Havo we anything to show for our existence,' or has our time been wasted, has it been tnlcon up with mere talk, or is thoro substantial'rosnlt to show to tlio church and tho world, have wo cumbersome and useless laws, or are they needful and useful p I venture to; predict, tho vordict that much has boen done in tho threo years in legis lation, and that substantial good is' the' daily result of it. We can notice that aoine dioceses longer in existence have framed similar ordinances to oars since we have legislated, and .that possibly good has been effectod ' oven outsido our borderB by our example. Instructions from last Session. — In obedience to your authorisation I sigjned your address to the lato Pri mate, had tbe seal attachod and for warded, registered, to his address in England. , I havo not, - however, re ceived any acknowledgment of its having reached its destination ; but doubtless such is the case. Probably the acknowledgement, though : sent, , has foiled in delivery.' You requested the Bishop in Council to furnish the Synod on the first day of each session wit|i a copy of the report and state- , mont of accounts' proaontod by the ? Clergy Assuranoo Board. This will be found upon tho table. ! LEGISLATIVE HATTERS. There is nothing to report except that tho Church of England Proprietary Act of 1889 having rocoived tho assent of His Excellency .tho Governor on May 21st ulto., I havomow received from tho Bishop of Goulburn the deeds of church lands in this dioceso held by him ns- trustee;- that Act having de clared me his suecossor in:tho.. part of this diocese formorly;undor hia juris-, diction. {Tlio diocese ofBathurst bad pre viously surrendered auy-dcedii of 4and now no longer in that diocese. All sqch documents are iti safa keeping in, tho I Bank 6f South vWololi, -iiii Hay, and tho Chanaollor hopoa ? shortly 'to Ivivo ready a terrier -of all church .lands in tho dioco'se. Tho coniioil li'avihg, proYious.to tho bill . being, introduced, : agreed to boar a'share^in tlio coat of a .privatosaot with five' othor dioceses has now beon informed of its quota, viz., £'10. By joining with othorB we have escaped the. whole cost of an aot which was nocessiiry. The- other beneficial effects of this act -I havo stated in my addross at this last session. tjir IIpbiVam'..: ' ?' After an intorval of a ytar, Australia is likoly soon to have again n ' Priinato, New South Wales, a Metropolitan, and Syduey a Bishop in eohneotion Without ohurcb. ThiR is important, !as a session of, the Provincial. Synod is due. in the present year, an'd of tho Gbneral Synbd' in 1891. Tho position of the Dioceso of Sydney -is -likewiso to be considered as left tbo long without a head. Recent events and tho cumbrous nature of the determination of the General Synod by whioh tho eleotion to tho ? primacy is offected, point to the 'desirableness- of some ohnngo in tho matter of the Pri maoy. The Sydnoy Dioooao seems not' unxious co retain tho .primacy for its bishop, and if it be; detached from , that Soo that dioc'oBe can elect for its own bishop tho ono whom it boliovos to be best. Tho Bishops of Now South Wales can then elect their metropoli tan from their own ranks, and tho Bishop of Australia also thoir own ^Prjmato.^ Meantimo none cnu but sympathise , with Canon Saumarez \- ' '? v Smith in tho nnfui'tunuto position iti xWiich ho found himsolf through no faalt of Itis own; but owing lo a mis take such as \Vill sometimo occur.1 'All aro bound to prny that God's bost blessings miy rest upon him ill his con secration, in tho voyage out, in ht t episcopul office, and in thoso of Alotrn politan and Primate. It is expoclod that ho will roach Sydnoy in August. THE DIOCESE. Sovoral changes havo taken place since last Synod, and seme vacant post; nro filled. Broken Hill was manned last August by tho Rev. A. G. Wheeler, lato of All Saints', Potorsham, and for, several years previously in tho English ministry, Hohas manfullystood io hisnrdnons pos-, and if thoro ismoch to try, and dishoarton, bo cortainly has iomotliing .material to show for tho liino of his rosidenco there, as well as spiritual -results which only eternity. can nauifest. From his spirited Easter iddrosB to his parishioners ono finds lhat ioOO has been rnisod for church 3xtension, going toward scouring a good lito, t-omoTiug and onlarging consider ibly the church, and eroding a parson igo now near completion. In addition to this a small stono churoh has beon sponed nt South Brokon Hiil nt the cost of £200, and is in uso for sorvices and. Sunday school. Tho Rev. E. Ward Thomas was ordained in Advent and Bervoa with Mr Wheeler, specially aitonding to Silverton and Jfonindio with ; 'the. district around. There is ample sphere for tho 1 ibors of yot another hero did funds allow of it. Tha straiu upon tho two would be relieved and additional work bo dono. Brokon Hill itself now contains botween 15,000 and 20,000, and is likely to incroase continually in population. Sovoral honorary licensed lay readers render voluntary services whioh aro gratefully accepted and much valued. Tho Rev. O, T. S\ West moved from Silverton to Wilcannia in August. This parish has been supplied by mo with a clergyman at the desire of. tho Bishop of Bathurst. You resolved last soBsion that it was desirable that it should bo added to thts dioceso. The Synod of Bathurst has by tho canon ceded it to us, and it now romains for you to reio.lvo to accept it. A map showing tho division of the dioceso agreed to by Bathurst lias on the table. I believe it to be as convenient a divi sion as is possihlo for tho working of tho country, boing not determined by parallels nor by counties, but by hold ings, ns they can more oasily be reachod from Bourke, Cobar, Ivanhoe, and Wilcannia respectively. I or dained the Rov. H. M. Trickelt in Septombor, who has boon Binoo working in Narandora, and in tho oxtonsivo and populous district which surrounds that growing nnd important town. Of Naran dora itself, tlio Rev. ;C. Eldrid took charge in November, having bean in the Grafton and Armidale Diooeso. The work of tho church is carried on hero with vigor, and a large; number of ; bouses aro visited and services ' are' I hold, Tho Rev. T-. Ward undertook I the charge of Wontworth in July; n town whioh at tho present timo so ems to have outlived ils usofulness, itiid which has been depleted of population' and trade by first Broken Hill, and then Mildura. 1 It is' uphill work both for clorgmon nnd church officers. The dis trict northward of Hay, around Booli gal, Mossgiel ond Ivanhoo, is visited nnd ministered to periodically by tho Rev. H. Bradsbaw, who, residing in Hay, i gives assistance there also. ' Mr Verso gives a monthly oervice at Euabalong I and Cargellico instead of at Booligal. I The Rev A, D. Mitchell loft Moama in September, and is now in the Ballarnt Diocese. Mr -C. F. Davis, a candidate ! for Holy orders. -in in charge of Moama, where tho commencement of a parson age has boon made ; tho Inrgor part of tho cost was previously roisodand lying upon deposit. ' Two front roons- with parsonage betwoen, nro well nigh finished, and with small' detaohed kitchen will form comfortable quarters for a bachelor, and savo the co9t of rent ^hich has hitherto boon paid. At Doniliquin a commodious brick build ing, cupablo of being enlarged if need bo, has been erected as Sunday aohool and parish room, which will prove of great advantage both in relieving the church, whioh is not fitted for classes, of tho Sunday school children, ond will ssrve also for many^ another useful pur pose. On this there is still a dubt which will no doubt, boforo very long, be cleared off, Tho nest., egg whioh enabled a commencement to be mado enmo from tho late E. Allen, Esq., of Sydnoy, who wished to -ereot a monu ment of a useful kind ' to a deceased brothor whose mortal. remains lioiin tho cemetery. - He- had put by £100 for this somo years ago, which, with the ; accumulated interest,, was available at. his death. Former debts havo beeu fcloarod off at Hay, Hillston and; Urana,' and largely reduced at Doniliquin and Wontworth, As re gards tho receipts- for' both parochial stipends, received through the Council, and also for tho gonoiat fund, the amount's 'sobrn to diffor very littln from thoso of ..tho previous year. Thore soom^little advance but.no retrograde motion. While somo churoh baildiugs have been orected and their numbor haB boen fidded; to, we havo suffered tho loss of tho parsonage at Tirana by fire. This o'ccurred early in tho present 'year. For tunately the building was insured, and the insurance money haB been. paid by the office, and lies ready for uso. Mr Thivaitps had his furniture insured, but not to its full value. Kind friends in tbp neighborhood liovo Bhown their sympathy in a substantial way. in, trying, to supply* tho loss j thoro aro, however, many^ things which .money cannot re place in little.treasnros, and in tho re sult of thought nnd roading. Happily no loss, of life occurred, but it will take long for. .Mrs Thwaitos to recover the shock sh6_rocoived on discovering i; the fire and having just time to bovs hor in fant and herself. Our sympathy will, I am sure, run over to ono of our own olergy and a [mejaber of their; body in the loss of h'ome and possessions. ooN?miil^iohs. .. The confirmaiiolls Jiave not boon 'many or large sinco this time last year. Indeed many of those held hare been' \- ( I for tlib conronloncs of a fort thrtn as i general for d parish, Tho numbor con firmed is but 56; of wliich moro than hilf havo been in Hdy or its district,1 viz., 10 males and 10 foinalos. There uro signs; however, that bjforo tho ond of 1890 there will havo boon a far larger number of candidates, judging by tho confirmations 1 am askod to hold, and tho pains tnkon in their pre paration in sovoral quarters. I look on confirmation as a timo which, if woll u8od by tho clergy, is ono of tho most precious in tho wholo lifo. Apart from the rito itsolf it should bo an occasion for bringing to a hoad all the teaching that has gouo before in the family, iu tho Sunday school, and in the churoh, and in fixing upon tbo mind and hoart tho groat claims which Jesus Christ has upon the life, and ths immense blessings which depend on faith in Him and union with Him, and the great helps which Ho has provided in tho moans of grace to koep alive and strengthen that lifo which proceods from Him. Many a high aim and noblo purposo dates from confirmation, taught in tho instruction given and strengthened by the gift of the Holy Ghost. RESIDENCE POR THE BISHOPS OF HIYRBIKA. On my arrival in tho diocese tho matter of building a residonce for tho bishop was proposed, and partly by my advice (he question was loft in abey ance for a whilo. On somo accountB tho advico may not have boon good, but upon the whole I am inclined to think that iu the interval a great doal of experience has been gained, and timo givon to find a good site, and to develop ideas as to the most suitable site, plans, ' and material for such a1 climato as wo havo in Riverina, com bining a good deal . of heat and some searching cold. Soon after tho forma tion of the Diocosaa Council, * within tho scope of whioh the subject came, that body considered that it was not well to go on paying the heavy cost of tho houso thou rented at £275 por annum, with its somewhat limitod corresponding advantogo9, and ap pointed a subcommittee to obtain a' sito to orect a honso and to provide tho means. A circular was issued through the clergy, but only a limited response was elicited to this appeal. However, as there was a sum of £1000 given by my lato revored fathor for this purpose, lying on deposit, and as I expressed my willingness to make a gift of a like sum to give an impetus to the project, tho matter was proceeded with. It was believed that the best material for tbo c'imate was tron, partly as being cool, partly that cracks and sottlemonts which from tho naturo of the soil ap poar, if brick is used, might bo avoided, and pnrtly beaanse iron would cost £1000 loss than brick. Plans nnd specifications wero obtained from Mr Sulman, of Sydnoy. Aftor considerable thought and enquiry a site was chosen which has groat advantages, if it be not without some disadvantages, which however are not insurmountable. After some dolayB the house was i-i a sufficiently forward Btate to bo in habited last September, and the ex perience of a long and severe summer has proved, that -tha material used and the plans adopted are admirable for tho climate, and the house most convenient for its purposo. Nor 'does tfibre aeom any reason to foar that oold will not be excluded. The oost of purchasing the land (21. acros), fencing and building, will have amounted when all is paid to about £600 0, of which more than half has boon borrowed at 7 por cent, from the Bank of New South Wales. Tho Council has thought right that tho Synod should pronounce upon their action and determine upon tho best 'way in which to reduce tho loan and free from debt this groat addition to the diocese, which will always bo a valuable property. Bolieving fully that the Synod' will endorse the action of tho Counoil, and that tha diocoso will realise 'that it should do its part in providing a residonce for the bishop, I have willingly mado myself responsible for tho loan which I am confident will bo gradually extinguished. , I would only point out that my means to moot tho interest are diminished to the ex tent of my contributions, and that I rely upon some prompt measures being taken to reduce tbe loan. But for the last point mentioned, the position is at least no worse than&before;, the interest is not moro than tho former rent paid, and tho accommodation and comfort are tenfold more. I must express my wnrmost thanks , to the building oom mitteo for the pains they have bestowed upon .the subject, and have pleasure, in stating that Mr Witpombo who .has overlooked the work has shown the ut most enthusiasm in tbe wholo business, and that to him it is in great measure' due that the house iB the success it has proved. DIOOBSAN. ORGANISING! SECRETARY. The outgoiug council at its Jan uary mooting expressed the opinion that it was needful to obtain the ser vices of an otganising secretary for the diooeso,- whoso timo should bo wholly takon up in ' proaohing,- holding meet ings, and cauvassing tho diocese for contributions toward diojocsan objeots. Such an one I am most desirous to ob tain, and believe .that owing to the want of such a olergyman much avail able | monoy is lost to tho church throughout - tho diocese because, not applied for. , 'It will indeed be a happy time when- all members of our ohurcb voluntary contribute a fair proportion of thoir income without waiting to be asked, and count it a privilege to help in making tho church to flourish in means of extending herself,' and multi plying hor power of ministering to the bouIs of men. This will bo tho case, in proportion as each . individual realises bow muoh. Qod has givon in tho gift of His Son, and is ovor giving in things in natnro and in graco. r Tbe question to tho conscience will bb, Sot how little can I give, or why should I give, but rather how muoh shall I givo, and iyhy shonid I not givo. THE CENTENNIAL FOND. . While ihe Contonninl Fund' has not attained to the proportion it wob hoped that it would roach, ia considerable sum has been raised. As the original scheme V - ^ ? of raising a cdnmon fund for churoh Sttonsion wob not adherdd to by most of tho diocese, tho .JJoard dotermiuod 'that inch dioceso should deal with the funds it had raisod. Tlio Sydiioy Hoard has lately mado to this diocosd tho offer df £500) on the condition that tin equal sum bo raised in it during tho current year, and tho uniiod £1000 bo in vested, its interest t - bo for permanent uso in tho diocosefor church oxtension. This offer tlio finanoo committoo thought it right to thankfully acoept, and the council has sinco approved of this courso. Our Synod, which in 1883, cicclarc'd tlio schome of the Centennial Fund to bo a wise and com prehensive measure, and that tha ob ject of the fund shonid ho commendod to tho parishes throughout tbo diocese, will no doubt consider that no other course was open aud that our immediate business must bo to securo tha gift. A motion to this effect is upon tho busi ness papor. : With rogard to tho motions which aro upon our business paper with re spect to a mission to Cliinoso in our midst and to New Guinea, I desire to have the voice of the Synod expressed; not that I doubt for a moment what Ibat voice will be, but that the position of the church in these enterprises may be a strong one, Two of tbe clergy in tbe dioceso have felt much tho fast that thero are largo camps in their parishes, and that nothing has been at present dono in tho way of bringing tho Gospel to them, whilo they have vividly brought before them cortain vices of the nominal Christian and aro gaining harm thereby. A suitable Chinese Catuchist and well trainod, can bo now engaged at a salary of £100 per annum. His work would bo prin cipally in Narrandera, whore the largest camp oxists, and in a less do groo in Hay, nnd perhaps Doniliquin. I have applied to tho Church Socioty of Sydnoy for a grant of £25, and to tho Australian Board of Missions for £25 annually. Unless wo get aomo help thus, or by tbe support of such sums by ono or two individuals, I fear tha onterpri-o must drop ; but with that assistance wo ought to be ablo to manage tho remaining £50. Tho othor mission work of the chnrch which Will bo brought beforo us is that to New Guinea, whioh has been takon up by tho Australian portion of the Church of England as its special object of interest in obodienco to onr blessed Lord's parting charge to His churoh ?' Go and make disciples of all nations,'' and to which is attached the promise which wo havo no right to claim — though it is sometimes dono — unless wo obey the conimaud, ' Lo I am with you all tho days, ovon unto tho ond of the world.' How important obedience te His command and the inheritance of the promise is wo may at once see whon wo consider that without His presence neither church, nor sacrament, nor priesthood, nor ordinance, has any worth or force at all. . He knows all things, and knows tho struggles of an infant diocese such as this, with the manifold difficulties which exist and meot the chnrch at every turn, and He is not unreasonable ; but Ho may ex pect ns to do what we can, that we shall believe what Ho says, and that we shall show that wo are desirous of His presence on which all deponds ia order to gloaify him. He has set us a noble example of unselfisb , ness and thought of others besides our selves, and tho Church as well as tbe individuals is to tako Him for. .its pat tern and example, And, for myself, I am bound to say that I believe lhat we shall boo far greater blessing upon our work among emigrated Europeans and tho native born Australians if onr lives are carried on in obedience to our Divine Master. It is on this^account, nnd what T believe to bo tho highest motives of all, that I desire to have the expression of opinion from our Synod on tho motions which nro upon our business papor with rogard to. the two missionary subjects. ' THE LORD'b DAY. Believing firmly in the Divino in stitution of this day, and that its ob Borvanca as such brings blassiun iu pro portion as itis obsorved, and that the failure lo observe the day brings im moiiso loss' in its train, I cannot bni notico with pain how much the day is disregarded, and how much this has to do with the irreligion which is too common in.our 'midst, and the gradual declension in tho religious boliuf and praotico of thoso who have known and done better in the past. I therofore tako this occasion to dwell upon somo of tbe reasons . which should cause the day to bo observed religiously, and not to be used solely as a day of rest and recreation for the mind ana body. Ono day in seven was reserved for rest of body and communion with Him from the beginning by God the Creator, who knew our frame after ' making it, and who know what the whole man, body, soul, and spirit needed for health and hapninesB, for he has pleasure in the prosperity of His servants. God, who appointed the soventh day in tho first instanoe, might for sufficient reasons change , the day to be observod. The birthday of His Son from death, tho re-appearance of tho Sua of Rightoous ness from His temporary setting, was sufficient reason. So great an event as this greatest of miracles — the rosur roo'tion, of Jesus Christ—ought to be markoa through all time, and God has marked it ; and it is one of tho moBt | remarkable proofs of the resurrection : that this day onward was used by tho Christian Jews and Christian Gentiles for approaches to God in the breaking of the bread,1 prayer, praise, ond preaching. ? Again God marked the day by sanding fifty days later on tho Sunday the Holy Ghost as Jesus Obrist had promised, wheroby the apostlos wore enabled to go with a courage and power unknown beforo, and witness to their risen Lord and the power of His rosnrrection. Thoso facts must give a character to the day considering that their power has in no respect ceased. It was on the first day that God began His croation. The day tells of God a creator, i-: redoomor, a sanotifior, the God tbat each soul of man needs, and to whom ne owob all, whose he is and whom he ought to serve, Must it not bb lllcdly that if that God is fofgottett upoil tlliit day Ho Will be forgcttoc during tho romniniiig six-; and is it not likoly that tho wholo of tho lifo will t'ocomo lower in its motive and aim as woll as in its pritotidBtand tha happinoss decrease ? if God be specially ap proached on tho Sunday, and His charactor, as revoalod in Jesus Christ, porfootly holy, fnll of love to and caro for man in all his highost interests be dwelt upon, i'b it not likoly that rogard for Him and His goodwill for us will result in tho dosiro that whether wo eal or drink or whatovor wo do, to do al to His glory, i.e. in lovo to Him nnd in lovo toward our follow mon, and tho desire to do good in our day nnd generation and help forward tbe right and tho truo? And will not thus personal happinoss and that of othors be tho more advancod ? So will each Lord's day render us the more fitted for tho groat day of the Lord. I would encourngn oach head of a family and of overy ostablishmont to exerciso tho priesthood he possesses, and load all aroun 1 him, who will do so, in prayor, praiso and meditntion, whore thore are no churoh servioos. As to the details of Sunday observanco, they must be left to each conscience to guido in the I circumstances in which he lives, pro- 1 vided that the great Christian principles of the day bo romombored as giving their color and tone to the details. THE UNION OF CHRISTENDOM* Tho union of Christians has been muoh before our church for somo years, I and it is much to bo desired ; but like tho federation of tho colonies, which perhaps we may soo in our lifetime, it is a matter to be desired and prayod for but which cannot bo forced or brought into oxistonce until Christendom is ripe for it. Meantime, while we value our own Chnrch of England, nnd hold to her and her principles as a precious inheritance of these centuries of the Christian era, and boliove that God has yet a groat work for hor, let us uover bo blind to tha fact that Christiaaity is not hor sole inheritance. Saints are made in other bodios besidos our own. Men, women, and children nro led to purity, houesty, courage, nnd solf Bacrifice in other communicna ns well as this. Christ is maniiestod iu the l:ves of others ns well as in those of English churchmen, and if wo come to think of how much of Christianity will be neododwhen tho naked soul is about to lonvo tho tabernacle of tho body in death, we shall probably como to tho conclusion that there is little, if any, difference betwoen what they need and what wo neod. Such considerations will help to make us vory careful in our language about, nnd conduct toward thoRo Christians, who, for ono reason and another, aften through accidental circumstances over which they have had little control, are connected with other bodies than, our own. Let us value the truth wherever we find it, and value Christ— likeness in whomso ever it is seen. And if, we love our own church best, let each show that '.his is tho case by serving Christ and imitating Him most of oil. CHRISTIANITY AND ITS CRITICS. The Christianity of to-day receives a large amount of criticism in the litera ture of tho day, some of which ia reasonable, some unreasonable. We must honestly confess that at times there have boen presented opinions which are not fundamental doctrines of the faith, as though they stood upon the samo footing as thoso fundamental doctrines. This has had tho effect of shaking the boliof of men in tho Christian faith, whon they find that somo part of what thoy have beon tanght to believe is simply a human addition. It is thorefore most impor tant for us all, and those who are teachers especially, to be most carofui to refrain from demanding acceptance for any doctrino which is not an essen tial part of the Christian faith. On tho othor hand, scienoo has had frequently to retract opinions, which, with moro information, have been found to ba false, aad this in regard to pointB where scionco has been supposed to be at variance with Christianity. Where scienoo seems to bo at variance with' Christianity, and therefore claims to disprove any part of Christianity, - wo mnst reply that wo will wait until scionco has learned yet more, and haB proved her points. Many a science is yet in its infancy, and haB yot much to discover ; all honor to thoso who use tho powers God has given them to search out truth, and we, who value Christianity, must be glad to learn whnt w.i do not know, and to advance in tho knowledge of truth \ bat cer tainly we can never believe that Christianity nnd seionca are really nt variance, if from a partial knowledge thoy may seem at times to bo so. Of science, as well as of literatuio, it may be said that ' thoy havo much to toiioh us, but they can never tako tha place of Christianity. Neither ono nor tho other can ever offer a oubstitute for Christianity. Thoy rnroly recognise the struggle between sin and holiness in human nature ; they soarcoly allude to the need or existence of external holp; they place their centre in man, and not abovo man ; they give little guidance; they give no fresh power; they roooguiae self-saoriSoe as a beautiful thing, perhaps even as tho one condition of fruitfnl work ; bui they give no help, no powor, no faith ontof which alone self-Baorifico springs; they save no sonls from the dominion of evil ; fchey ignore that convergence of conviction which forces upon iib the thought of God as our Father, our Ruler, our Judge ; they cannot doal with faith in Christ and tho fresh powers *od hope that human nature, panting for laok of God, got from the touob of ChriBt the Savionr.' (Rev J. M. Wilson, English Chnrch Congress, '89.) Nothing then can take tho place of Christianity, and wo may, aa the Synod of the Churoh, unitedly work and go each to ourindividnal sphoreof work, conscious that wo havo a something evon more important than literature and eoienoe, mnoh as wo valuo them, ? and' which will throw a bright light on both, and also' enlighten us where that is ,ont of their power. 