TH? WEDDING NIGHT. Woka sometinies w.dered why Miss St. Sauveur had not married. Mein never did. Possibly they were aware that she could hare married whenever she chose. In this they were right. It was Claverhouse's opinion. He at least did not imagine that the offer he had just made was at all a novel thing to her. Nor did she take it as though it were. She had a habit of frow~nling a little at times-a frown that brought her fine dark brows together. She frowned in this wary now while she looked at the young man contemplatively out of her yellow-brown eyes. "I cannot picture to myself why a man like you should wish to marry a woman like me. I am not ductile, not malleable. I have not the qualities that make a good wife-for such as you." Claverhouse shrugged his shoulders. , I love you." "Oh, yes. The old story." "Meanwhile you do not answer me." "Well, I answer you now. And in a way which, to a degree, surprises myself. You want me to marry you? I will do as you wish." Never, surely, was there a strangercourt ing. Claverhouse would have wished to draw her to him, but something in her mien forbade approach. Whether, she loved him would have been a question he could have asked himself very pertinently under the conditions existent. liut Ihe did not put the query to himself. She con sentedl to marry him. And for the rest, he lovedher. This fact alone filledthe horizon for him, suffused it with a glamorin which all other issues showed shadowily through a veil. When news of Claverhouse's anticipated marriage reached his friends it occasioned a wondering murmurur. He had been deemed an eccentric where women were concerned: almost a misogynist. In many other ways he was unlike other men. As a boy hle lhad been a dreamer; as a youth at college he had been called "hiss Claverhouse" until hlie one day quietly knocked down a big fellow in whose mouth the appellation lihnd most frequently been. He lhad a skin fir as a girls, and his frame was slight, tall and delicate. He had travelled most of his time. He had never taken any active part in life whatever, lie spoke little, and his mode of address lhad some thing of thie drawling gentleness of a very feminine woman. People did not fre quently affect to understandl him. Gener ally, thie verdict concerning him would have been thatb he was exceedingly easy going and harmless. And why should Miss St. Sauveur care :o marry this fashion of man? He ha. money, to be sure; but so had Miss St. Saureur, now. Time had been when she had not lhad, and that only shortly before. But a belle she had always been; and a beauty too according to those whose taste was~conccded to be that of the connoisseur. No. It was inconceivable that she should want to marry a man who was "so de cidedly aMiss Nancy!" " Yet, inconceivable or not, the wedding daydrew nearer. It was felt to be, by the friends of both, another eccentricity that the marriage should take place in Florida. Why had they not come hiomse for the cere mony? But Miss St. Sauveur had not wished it. She ihad always, for the matter of that, been given to strange caprices. And as for Claverhlouse, what cared lie ? There was a full moon, and tlhrough the yellow whiteness suffused by it a light in a boat moored on the river hard by glowed dully red. A man had been waiting in the shadows dowvn by the river for an hour-for two hours-then three. Tlhe llights in the house had seemed to him to be about to burn for ever. Through the mellow, flower-scented warmth of thenight there came at intervals an echo of laughter, the tones of a piano, the ringing notes of a song. The man lighted a cigar, waited agair, and then tossed it away with a muilles oath. How long would this last ? ie tookl out another cigar. But this he did not light. His quick eye had discerned a moving shadow among the motionless shadows of the trees. It was a woman's shape. His restlessness subsided at once, veered into a steely quiet in which each nerve was tense wath purpose and set a. "L Well-you wanted to see me and here I am." The words came haughtily from under the scarf of lace that half concealed the woman's face. Nevertheless the man gave a short laugh. He leaned back againsta tree and crossed his arms. She might take what tone she liked. She had come out here. She had tacitly consented to meet him, to hear whatever he had to say. If he had lost his power she would not lhave done that. Had the shadows been less thick here elm must have seen the triumph in his eyes. "Do you think you are treating me fairly ?" he drawled. At that the Josephine St. Sauveur he knew flashed out upon him. "Fairlyl I FairlyI What right have you you!--to use the word? By what daring do you find yourself here ?" " We will waive all thlat. I heard onlya week ago that you were to be married. I was in Mexico, but I managed to get back here." "I am to be married in two days from now- yes." *"And I?" "You?'" Yes, II" He suddenly uncrossed.hil arms and drew a step nearer to her. The monlight fell on his face. As she met his compelling glance Josephine St. Sauvenr "hivered Yes, I I You loreme. Deny ?t if you can. What are you marrying this muff for?"' lie had caught the involuntary quivering of her nerves and gauged his whole in fluence; but now he saw her react-gather her strength together passionately. "How dare ydu come here and say these things to me ? You I a man who can lie to a woman and deceive and play such a comedy as Satan might blush at ?' "I kept from you the fact that I had a wife when I told you that I loved you last year. That is true. But, as I have since said, I expected at any moment to secure a separation-a divorce. "Well?" That tremor had seized her again. Well, the divorce is now mine-has beed for a month." . "What is that to me?" The words were muifled, and the voice that spoke them trembled. Hlie drew yet a step nearer to her, and she cowered a little. Indifferent, invulnerable, superb, she had found her master, as such women always do. She knew it and be mknew it. "Simply this. We can be married now. You have come into money recently, too. That makes it easier. Before you had nothing and I had nothing. It would have been hunger espousing thirst, even had there been no other obstacle." She laughed cynically, that trembling through all her limbs increasing every moment. "How magnificently, how nonchalantly you say that. You are the sort of man who does not mind living on his wife." Hlie made a gesture which seemed to waive that field of discussion also. The taunt left him unmoved. "Your marrying this fellow in two days 'is absurd," he said. SHalf of her face was now in light, half in shadow. His commanding eyes plunged ifito hers. She made a desperate movement to ward him off, to protect herself from her own weakness. But he had wound his arms about her, and all struggle was quenched in a wild kiss. Mfter that she listened to what he had to sayin motionless quiescence. His plan was bold, swift, sure as himself. Her wedding ras fixed for the following night but one. In the confusion she was to slip from the house, to meet him in the thickets a quarter of a mile down the river. He would convey her in safety to the nearest coast town, and on the next day a vesselsailed which would take them to Havana. Thence they could go to England. The moon had passed her zenith and was westering slowly when Miss St. Sauveur approached once more the long open win dows of the house. A tall, slight figure encountered her. "You!" she looked at Claverhouse. "I thought you were gone an hour or more ago." "I found that I had forgotten something and returned.~" He stood twirling his hat carelessly in his hand. "Whatwas it? I hope you found it." " I did not come back in vain-no." Her hands and lips had grown cold. She leaned toward him tentatively. She had never been lavish with hercaresses. Claver house's kiss grazed her cheek. The chill passed from her. "Absurd! How could lie have seen or heard?" she said to herself. "Absurd I" "Disher's de bride !" " No, I guess hit's one of them that waits on her." The dusky faces pressed close together on the outermost fringe of the lawn were accented by wide open eyes and gaping mouths. For miles up aid down the river it had become known that a large wedding was to take place at Orange Grove-Springs that night. The chocolate-coloured circles of humanity waited patiently, but even to its outer limit there presently communi cated itself a consciousness, born of unde fined suggestions in the air, that something -was amiss. The music played perfunctorily, paused, ,nd began anew. The white-robed bridesmaids flitted to andfro. There was a stir, a growing murmur, in the house caught up by the house servants and finally percolating to that waiting crowd outside. The bride was gone The bride was gone and the groom had not come. Miss St. Sauveur had gone to her room early in the evening with orders that she was not to be disturbed. And Josephine St. Sauveur was not a girl whom, even on such an occasion, people disobeyed. When the hour for the wedding arrived, however, and with it the few guests bidden, her door was knocked at and, no response forthcoming, finally broken open. The room was empty, and on the bed lay the white dress, the white veil. In the dismayed confusion that ensued no one at first observed that Claverhouse, too, should have come by this. But as the wild search for the bride continued without result it burst upon those assembled below that they were congregated together to witness an occurrence strange indeed-a marriage at which neither groom nor bride had appeared. Suddenly a quivering cry rang over the lawn. A small negro boy stood, with goggling eyes; the centre of a circle that pressed ever more tightly around him, and strange words were those he poured out 'stammeringly. One or two of the white people cried at first that he had seen a ghost. But the boy, his teeth chattering, insisted thathe had not been mistaken,and, following his stumbling steps, they came to a thicket down the river where, in the checkered moonlight, there gleamed some thsing ghostly-the pallor of -a motionless face turned upward, and near it a shadowy form, the dead body of Josephine St. Sauveur. There had been a double murder; by whom committed who could say? The other victim was recognised by one of the gnests as an Englishman of great fascina tion and fast life, who had been knocking about Florida for the past two years. On a vessel sailing for England the next •lay there embarked a tall, fair, taciturn, .lelicate-looking man, rather boyish of address and gentle of voice. Il wrote his name J. Smith and appeared to be travelling without luggage. Ten minutes before the ship weighed anchor a little knot of men rowed swiftly to her side. The fair, boyish-looking young man saw one of them climb to the ship's .leck. There was an instant's conversation, cad then the man wheeled and faced " J. Smith." The latter had already stepped forward. "You are looking for John Claverhouse, suspected of the murder of Miss St. Sanveur ind a-to me--namelesa man? I am he whom you seek. I hoped to get off and lash overboarx a few leagues out. Food for :ishes would be better than this. It seems I am unlucky." The man had a hand on his shoulder. "There is no mistake, I guess. You acknowledge the deed ?" Into John Claverhouse's mild eyes there came a fascinating blue light. "Yes." The man dropped his hand. There was a sudden plunge, an oath from the officer, a rush of many feet over the deck. Too late. When John Claverhouse was borne upon Sleek again he had passed beyond the reach of the law and justice of earth. - "Ded.," said the officer. - .-,? . . 