Q-U-EST. ':? T y '.l — :« 0KATTKH I. . ; , . ill. Hounbea is ;ono, of, tlioso -ivatoring . ,plnoe8; littlo known lioyond its own immadinto:. neighbourhood — a protty, ,yr ihonlth-giving spot,, oonnootod: ;by a: : sinerlo lino of l-nilwnv with Hull, -from \- ivhioh -.placp, nnd -other. Yorkshire 'towns', a .goodly "mimbor . of visitors pour-iuJin tho: summor,- hut thoso nro ;hirds-of-pnssngo; ; .Out' of the season -Hornsea is - nnothor villngo ; it i seems wrapt in a gront cnlm. 'l'ho rosidonts . , .for tho most. pnrt, profor tho .nine -. months of tranquillity. - There is- : ; Vf nothing dull , nhout Hornsen ; it- has. its ohuroh, its moro-r-nyo, and.evon its 1 library rnprosoutod- by -two dozon yollowrbaokod- railway novols, tasto- ; fully rnrrnn god on a - vnonnt sliolf in tho shop of the lending drapor. : ' Eor 1 the most part evoryono ; nt . . Hornson knows ovoryono elso ; but —"Wilhiot- Lodge was -an', oxoeption, to -„..thjs. rulo. ...Whon old Mr. Wilmot .'Jdiod nnd loft his- family to 'shift as , ; jibost -.way. tlioy ,i could, tho, greatest curiosity had provnilod ns to the ,pur- „ chaser, of -the old liouso. 'It was- too -.Inrgo-for.nny but. a family- of means.; " Built e'onturioB boforo, its winding . . .passngos aud rambling shapo.woro no , rooommondntion to modorn- liouso- lmnnnva Prtnnln . an nrivftul/i/l ;# n,n n \- suited for a scbool, nnd only hoped it , , would not heoomo a hoarding- sohool — an institution regarded by tliomt as decidedly lowering to tho oxolusivonoss on: .which they prided thomsolvos. . - Porhnps, though, tlioy would havo pvoforrod ovon that to what roally , happonod. : Wilmot Lodgo was loasod .tfor.along torm.of yonrsv.to a gontlo- mnn who rofusod ovory attempt at ( i Booinbilityj dooliaod ovory . invitation sont.him;- and novov ovon oondosooudod to roturn his neiglibours' calls. , Mr. Harton was a mystery to tho plnco, nnd though a ghost story is supposed to shod liiBtro ovor n village,' . r ' '.'tho'f prosonoo of n -living onigmn is inoro, irril,nting than: aught olso. - Mrs- Barton hold no communication with anyono at Hornson., Tho clorgyman T;onllod,r; and was,- rofusod ndmittanco. , IThojfow tradospooplo thoro-woro ro- , ooivod. no -neoossiou to thoir oust'om ;-fipmv;tho Bartons.- Throo sorvnnts , had eomo with tho now propriotor of .ii . Wilmot Lodgo,' and tlioso nttoudod: to tho wants of tho housoliold; which honoofowrird ' mndo its own broad; \- -Ij/ohurnod its own huttor, grow its' own vogotnblos ; moat onmo from Hull, . "grbcol-ion in largo consigiinionts' from . tho -London sloros. Tho postman was , tho only person who had nood to uso tlio hugo brasB ' knookov, and ho was . . ! rignrdod by tho villagers ns a mnrvol of information, hocnuso ho had onoo beon allowod n poop at tlio interior' of . , .tho hall whilo-, waiting for tho' ovor- ohargo duo on n lottor for Mr. Barton. :.y . Hornson gonornlly disnpprovod of- ; i Wilmot Lodgo ; but in my own mind I-think tho plaoo owed tho 'Burtons a . largo dobt of- gratitude ns furnishing. . , ,tliom. with, .a, novor-fniling. topio for conversation nnd bowildonnont. -Tho liouso had boon in its present tonant's ocoupntioirfor fivo yours, whon Horn spa, genorally. -wns oleotrifiod by tho ai-rival of a now-ooraor, a woman of ? ; haughty,", bearing -and l-ogal - boauty; whom, in a moment of unwontod urbanity,. Mr. Barton presented,, to tho roctor ns his sister. . - . Pooplo -doolarod Miss Barton would Toti-.stny. ar woolc; supli q Jonoly life /wpnlilsui-olyvbo distasteful-, to ?ono Sof uucu uui-iiocions., xjioy wore an wrong.- Julia Barton sottldd down as part . nnd . pnrool of Wilmot Lodgq,' . and, f vrliat, , iv iwnsmoro, oontrived- without - betrdy- j)'- mg nny -confidonoo roppsod in hoi' by !, ,,hei- ..brotlior— almost .to, root" out the >iii.i projudice: oxcitod - by - the' mysterious. silonco -of tlioso fivo; yoiirs. ' ; ' " ..Hoi-,- biother, she told tlio rodtoi','; ,i;iYiW,ns, -n. doctor of great learning, but .. 'outirolj dovotod to ohomistry ' and c-i soiontific .resoavohes ; ho used ninny of tho rooms nt Wilmot Lodge as labora- .rteries; ho was givon up heart and- soul to those pursuits, honoo his soli- , ( tnryf,.,wnys. , As to his ohurlish reodp- tion of Ins neighbours, ho hated sopipty, v wns nervous and -absent- minded, as -all hook-worms 'or, students aro. .i . Sho, was a oleyor woman, nndfin a . . month she had managed to make Mr. Barton far Iobs hatod than lio had boon before, while she' iievor betrayed a word of his secret lifo, and left the j good people of Hornsen. learning very ! ' little- more than they had dono boforo. Shp was as- popular ns her brother had- been- the rovei-Bo. Sho uovor ' missed a sorvioo nt church or a work- . ing party for tho hoathon ; sho batliod in summor, fishod in spring, and skated in winter with unremitting zonl. Unnblo to invito guosts to Wilmot Lodge sho yet hnd as many invitations horsolf as any othor lady in tlio plaoo, and nccoptod most of thoin. Truo slio could novor roturn .tlio' hospitality sho recoivod, but sho : bquld and did repay tho khidnoss in pthor ' ways, such as drivos in Lor .pretty baslcot carringo, instruction in tlio latest London scnndnl, or daintiost fiuiby work, according to' tho tasto of tho. recipient. ' ; Tho vory Juno day' whon Lord Ducio roooivod tho musk-scontad lottor, . regarded by liis .daughter with such distastb, Miss Barton aud her brothbr wore bronkfaBting nlono, and doop in consultation. It was a long, low room) with coloii- nado pillars running down the oontro, reminding, ono of tho saloon of n steamship. Thoro woro flowers on tlio tublo, ilowors in hanging bnskots in tho .windows, snowy dflmnsk' of rare finonoss oovorod tho oval tnblo ; white muslin ourtai us wore looped bnok froni tho windows, tho carpot of . tapostry was, of cool nbutral tints, tho furni ture : -light oak ; tho room had oyory- thing nocesstiry for daily uso, and an amount of tnsto and l-efinemont about 'tlio wbolo wbioh would have aston- isbod tho world nt lnrivn nnnld f.hnv liavo boon privileged to behold it. < Julia Barton sat behind tho toa-tray —a 'womaiT who must have boon striking at;any ngo, and., who at thirty-' fivo -was in tlio zenith of her attrac tions. . Slio was of , tlio. Juno typo, tall and: stately, her beautifully-moulded bast- and sloping . . sbouldorB admirably .sot off - by a. tight-fitting dark dress.: Her hair was black)- smooth and- satiny in toxturb,' but without d: singlo wave or l-ipplb. ' Sho woro -it' hraided in heavy plnits arrnngoA in a ooronal on lior head. . Hoi- hands were largo and , wliito, her. eyes bluo-blaolc, hor complexion olivo. ' At ' tlio first glqhoQ you" would, ball lior boautiful, at the. socond- elogant. Not .until. you knew, hpr well— unless you-woro a'oloso 'dbsoi-vo'r — would' it1 liavo dawnod on you that tlio glitter in lior oyos was, cold .and oruol, lior Binilo hard . and cunning,, and that in libr oxprossion thoro lurlcod something of forooity. ' - : ' Thoro is no lottor thoro.' Mr. Barton looked up — a trim, dappor littlo man, as unlike a dreamy student as well could bo. Ho had eyos and hair like his sis- toi'ls, only modifiod ; his smile- was a-oadior than liors, his features loss, under, control. In fact; hie wns the weakor oliarnotor. , ; . , Given training, circumstances and inco in ins iavour, i. ao tlunlc I/etor Barton might liavo boon an hoiios't man. Nothing in tlio world would liavo mndo his sister a good woman. . 'Of course not,' snid tlio master of tlio liouso,. slowly. .-.'Thoro can't bo a ilottor for two . days, or oven- longer. Yonr noto Avould got to Nothorton this morning, and it has to ho sont on to Mr. AVintor, who mny bo nt tho ut most ends of tho oavth for. .aught wo know to tho ooutrnry.' J ulia sinilod. Hor mouth .was ad mirably - shnpod, tho tooth hor open lips disclosod Avoro .whito- nnd ovon, and yot I novor saw her smilo without nil involuntary shuddor. . '1 fnnoy Mr. AVintor is nt Nothorton'.' ' Not nt all. Ho moroly gavo nio tliat address hooauso lio was suoh a wamloror ns to- liavo no sottlod homo of his own.1 In tho soveu yoars l havo hud AArilmot Lodgo I novor noodod ; to .write to him boforo.; .Puiiotual to tlio day tlio monoy arrivod.'- ' And did you never send an noknow- lodgmont f nskod Julia, sharply. ; ' Novor. T asked- him: onco wliothor if U»/-I1ll/I tlftl-: llrt IMrtwn Imm'nnan lit.. IIo rojoinod lie would' always draw tho ohequO' to ordor ; my signature noross it would thon.be a roooipt.1 ' ' AVhnt sovt of a man is ho, Potb?'- Poto considered. ; 'An aristoorat horn.'. . 'Like //«-.?' < , Tho doctor shook his head. 1 ' 'Not tlio lonst bit in tho world — I never saw a brother .and "sister more unliko.' - ' Horn.' ' ' . , ' AVhnt'8 that for ? ' ; ! \- -' I dou'.t boliovo. tlioy ; aro vbrothor and eister.' . . , ... ; ' Juf ' ' AVell, you know vou hnvo just said lie is a born aristoorat — everything about him -shows; i(i. AA'liat other would . pay suoh . princely terms nnd never interfere with you in the least ? Oh, yes, Pote.Mr. AVintor is n'gontlo- man right onough.' , ' AVoll,' said- the dootor, slowly,- 'how does that prevent his being her brother?' ; , ' 'Slio is not-n lady/. ' Granted, but if you bad . gono through- tlio .vicissitudes sho Las I ' doubt if'ybu Avoiild retain much trnco of-ladyliko manuors.', - '. I don't bolievo, sho ovor was. a . lady,' ) retorted Julia. ' Gomo, Poter, tell me all you know about her.' , /f I. havo told you a dozen times.' 'Then toll- mo for the thirteenth.' \ ' I was in a small way of business down bt Peckbam, . you know, Julia. I; didnlt hnvo suoh a house as this, and I'd hard onough work to get a living out of it.' .' Yes, yos.' ) ' One summer night a cnb drove up and a gentleman nskod to speak to mo. Ho said his sister had gone tlirough great afflictions, that sho was almost stupifiod by tho taking of nar- botios. In no sense of tho word was sho insano, but it had become neces sary to guard her as carefully as tho most violent lunatic.' ' And you said ' ' I .'nskod what terms,' ho returned. ' A tliousnnd a year, providod all troublo ivas takon off his hands. . Tho bargain, was sottlod in ten minutes. 1 wont to tlio cab and lifted her . out;- Slio was linlf-stupifiod, and glared at I mo liko a wild auimal.' ' And that was ' . ' Fifteen years ago, Julia. Sho has boon with mo ovor sinco. Perhaps sho brought me luck. I know I have got on immensely sinco.' ' And you have never soen Mr. AVintor again ? ' ' Onco — just as I hnd concluded the bargain for. this plaqo. I met him in tlio stroot. I bognn to toll him of my pationt, but ho stopped me. Ho de sired, lie said, to know nothing. I put my card into his hand ivitli this address arid wo pm-tod;! . ). ' And all tlioso years sho has novor betrnyod. her history ? ' _ '.She has novor recovorod her facul ties. Sho is not iiibano, but hor memory in a blank. ' Sho can tnlk'.of whnt sho did yesterday, of, what she riiny do to-morrow, but of all ; the years boforo sho oamo to tlio old house in Pookhnm she knows nothing.. It wns just ns though n spougo had boon passed ovor hor rocollootions, blotting thorn out. for ovor.' ' And now ? ' 'Slio is dying. Tho fall the other day - injured somo vital part, ' and, ; strningo freak of nature) the blow that kills. hor sooms to restore hor' Intel- ' ligenoo; Slio cries for her. husband — hor one moan is to soo him again.' , ' Arid yot you maintain Mr. AVinter ia tin/ lini» Imolinnil I ' Ayo. Ju, I novor went, fishing about the world to find out things like, you do. So long ns pooplo pay mo well I; let. thorn alone.' .. . ; ; 'You're a fool, Pete.' ' , ,' Thank you, my doar.', 'AVell, you don't soemto see .your ..own advantage. If. you accept the fact this lady is Mr. AVinter's sister you lose all hold upon hor brother at hor death.' , - r:- ' ') y 1 Of course I do".' ,'U she is not his sister, if she' isjliis wife— his wife whom lie has kept hid den away to' save the honour .of his nonie, . perhaps, to save his ohildren, why then at onco you are possessod of a.sooret worth making money of.' ' I don't want to make money of it. 'I'm not averse to anything in the. way of , business, Ju, but I don't card to. steal a man's' seorets and then lovy blackmail on him afterwards.' ' AVell, I shall do it for you.'./-., .' I doubt your getting much out of Winter.': ' But I may out of hor.' . Sho roso and left tho room. Tho secret of AVilmot Lodge is olear to you now, l-endor. 1 It was not a madhouse, in any true tense of tho word ; it was a hidiug-plnco for a fow poor wretches whose relations wished, from interested motivos, to he rid of them. Tho Pookham establishment hnd boon begun after a much humbler fashion. Its inmates wore rin illegi timate child, a cantankerous old maid, and a bowod-down widow of ninety. Thoso paid modest terms as oom- parod with Mr. AVinter's munificence, but considerably; more than'ordinaryl boarders. : , Mr. Barton, who, was. incorrigibly idlo, and oarod for notliing in the world so muoh ns out-door sports - nnd ohomioal . oxporimonts, found it a vory easy .way , of getting n living.- . v\ . Mo., removed to HornRoa whon his foundlings inoroasod. . Tlioy numbered' oigkt whon Wilmot Lodge wns in- the market. , Ho sont downi tlio - servants -.first to; ,mako, nil . ready, lodgod the eight victims at Hull, and drovo thorn over in dotaolimonts at- tho doad of night to his now ostablishmont.- : : ' No one- in Hornson .had a suspioiori; of tlio truth. -The .-night - unfortunates wore- not starved or harshly treated, but thoy woro .prisoners. . Still, tlio beautiful gardons, tho frosli country air must havo-soomod 'a pnrndiso to thorn after- ; tho narrow stroot in Pookham. r \- : ' ; - (To be continued. J 