Sketcher. OUT OF THE DABKNESS. ,;r By 0. Iiiixni. 'George ! I boliovo in ghoats, and I've los my iiog.' This was the remark \riih irhich Paul Western greeted mo, and however much I might have felt inolined to ridicule such a double-barrelled announcomont, I was res trained by thogonuino distress -risible in my friend a manner. # The night was eold and stormy , and I was Bitting alone in my chambers in. Grav's Inn, getting up a threntrical brief, whan Western ?walked in and made tho above statoment. I at ouco pushed papers and programmes asido, wheeled him an easy chair round, andbndc him unburden his mind. 'You knnw Gipaoy.' 'Why, of oourao I do, Paul.' 'You know how muoh I cared for that dog, you know what a fund of humour, riiht down doggish humour, ho hid beneath that blaok and white ooat of h'a j and as for fighting for downright regular milling with tho gloves off, why ! that fox terrier hadn't hia match this sido of Whit week. Tho -waj he'd go ami lean his nook up against another dog's— ?wnioh was his way of invitation to a sorim mnge— was perfeotly human and lovely. And then tho ways ho had with him. ' N.- X?*' t8?,' ho to Wmsfllfi 'orosso* my master's threshold. It's truo ho permitted no dog to enter my atndio ; it was awkward at Umea, I admit. Early this yoar when I was in Oromor I took him with mo, certainly. Woll, he got to look upon tho hotel whera I stayod as belonging to me— aa a new kind of ex tended studio, in fact ; maybe ho thought there tvo'o rather more visitors than usual; but the otherdogs — itwaa tromendoua. lou know, olhor people had dogs coming with thorn, naturally enough, and, moreover, there was one lived in tho house. Of oourso it was shameful to go for that ono dog, but ho did. I think they com promised tho matter afterwards. It was a big brown retriover, called Bosoo, and it used to fling Gipsoy round tho room liko an old Bhpper. But, bless you, ho Uked it— ho used to fasten himself on tho rotriover's ear liko an earring, which grow mighty awkward for Bosoo. Howover, they compromised. No doubt Bosoo explained that ho had lived there for aomoyoars; but tho other dogs, Goorge— it was awful! Often I had to loavo lunoh hur riedly, owning to a frightful racket in tho hall. I always knew what it was. I always found a couplo of waiters, tho bootboy, and an interested atrangor trying to separate a couplo of aerobatio dogn, and ono of tho per formers -was invariably Gipaoy. Tho worst of 'was I never oould porauiulo nnyboily it wa8 all humour on hia part— just ahoergood ani mal spirits, born of muoh oxoroiso iu racing over sundy flats and inhaling too muoh ozone ? ' ?Now look here, Paul I thought you said when ? ' ' Wait a. minute, I must toll yon this. You know I've just roturacd from Flanders. I couldn't well take Gipsoy thoro, though I know IioM have givou tho rest of hit tail to havo worried a poodlo. Another thing, ho never hit a dog loss than himeolf ; ho'd hurry them into tho gutter, maybo, and loavo thorn there, but ho never fought them. No, ho al ways preferred ono tho aizo of a haystaok, Bomothing that ho could loap at ? ' « Now, Paul, just pull up. You Baid when you oame that you bolievod in ghoata, and I irnngined I was going to hoar some conclu sive ronson or othor.' His mnnnor oliango d a littlo as ho Slid, ' I will toll you now.' Western relit his pip;, took a f ow prolimi nary whiffs, and bogun. 'A fortnight ago I was at Burgos. Bsforo Btartm* I had loft G-ipsoy at my unolo's uouso in llsgont's Park, and it scomod that during my absenoo tho clog had boon in tho nabit of visiting Hamstoad onoo a weok, whero ho spent most of tho day sitting on tho doorstep of my shut-up itudio ; ho always turned up again atn ight a littlo dojootod and vory hungry. The night boforo I returned from Burgos, so my. undo told me after wardn, tho dog had *soapod from tho stable yard and presumably gono on his usual do teotivo eirand to the studio. This time ho did not oomo baok. A woek wont by, but Gipsey nevor roturnod. I viaited tho Biir raunding polioo-stationa, and paid a oouplo of visits to tho Dogs Homo at Battornoa, but no Gipsoy ovor grooted mo ; lost, stolen, or killed, I gavo him up. 'Lato ono dark night, as I wns entering my door, something brushed hurriedly past, and then turned on mo — a strango gaunt dog, that I at onco kioked out of tho placo anu closed tho door upon— thon I hoard a whine. . Qoorgo, Iaoaroofyliko to think of it now, but I know at onco why it was bo madly eoratohtng to get in, and whon 1 oponcd the 'for, ,in bounded tho gaunt dog again, poor old Gipsoy, as thin as papor and as blaok as a broom, but so glad to boo mo and so for giving of those rutblesa kioks, that he did not know how to testify his joy for tho next two hours. Ho conducted no doubt that it ?was entirely owing to him that I was found : you understand I don't for ono instant sup pose ho evor droamod that ho had boon lost. No, it was I who had beon lest, and ho had boon working hard' to unearth mo— I suppose, dogs do reason — ' 'I say, Wostorn, you distinotly said you had a ghost Btory, nndhoro you aro winding on inoffably about this dog.' ' All right, I am making for the end, I only wanted to explain tho intimato relation ship botwoon my dog and me.' ?Never mind tho intimaoy ; you told rao you'd lost your dog, now you've found it again j bo lay tho dog aatdo and call upon tho ghost.' ' It's true,' replied my friond, gravoly, ? and it happened yostorday. We wont to my unole's that night, whore I am staying at present. Tho room I genorally oooupied yas boing oloaned, to thoy put me in tho Stafford room, bo ' oallod booauso there is a picture thoro of Lord Stafford, paintod by Vandyok— a big picture, lifo size. Well, I «ould not got Gipaoy to loavo mo— fanoied I'd got lost again. Ho was put in tho Btablo with tho othor dojs, but somehow got out again and oamo whiniug and sratohing outoulo the dining-room windows, Into at night. 'Lat him stay in your room to-night,' Mild my aunt. I nsaou'od of coureo, nnd Gip?oy,juatas plpiwod na Punch, oaaio flying upstairs liko a butterfly. Ho lay down on tho rug by tho flro, and narrowly watohe d mo till I oliinbod into bed, then ho stretched himself with a contented nmilo tpakou in tho blazo, so to ep ak, aud cloBcd his oyoj. ' I think I must havo slopt for somo timo for wlion I awoke, aa I did with a strong o Buddonnosi, I found tho flro long gono out and tho rowa in totnl darkness. I heiiril tho hall oloak chime and thon striko three Somo how I did not fool at all sloopy; thoro was a watory* moon struggling through drifting clouds, sonvrtimea making things dimly visi ble, Bomotimes plunging all in murky bUok ness. At tho foot of tho bed was thla groat pioturo of Vandyok's. In a few minutes I bociuno oon oiuus that th re waa a tiny light gloaming on tho oanvas — uomo high light gleaming on tho armour, I imagined; and I thought : ' Well if that follow Vandyok oould paint his hirfh lights like that, thoro win not muoh ohanoo for modorn mon to ovor boat him.' Thon all at onoo tho moon was hidden behind a blacker veil than usual and tho room booame quito dark. I thon experienced a moat un ploaaaut Honsation. Tho light in the. pioturo lmd not moved. At, tho mime, tiir.o my liuinl whiuh lay outsido t'iu uovorlet, wits touched by something olummy aud col j. ? Pur one hrluf sutsoud I was horror-atruok, and tlion— what do you think P — well, I knew what it was — the dog's uobo P' ' I say, Paul, exouao me interrupting you, bnt I want to ask if ? ' But my friend waved aside the interruption, and continued : 'Putting mj band outside the coverlet ag.iin, I found Gipaoy with hia four paws resting on the bed and trembling violentl) . I patted him and soothed him, but how caa I explain to you that I had an instinctive feeling that there was something in lha room besides our two solves, an unseen porson by tho great pioturo — you know it was quite close, to mo just at tho foot of the bed — and thoro as I gazed waa tho strange littlo light grown brighter, actually fluttering into a bluo plumo of flame ; and ns I still looked it had grown longer and lighter ; and I giro von my word of honour, George, there was a hand holding it — a long delioato hand, tho arm of whioh aoemod emorgad i i th* dark ness of the painting. I « tared in a f assiuatod way, waiting I supposo for -what might happen next; all this time I had my hand on tho dog's collar, then I attempted to lift him on to tho bed, and curiously enough found I could not ; strangest of all. the ani mal seemed to bo making strenuous efforts to fet nearor to me. It was horrible to think waa contending nith eomo force that chained Gipaey to tho floor ; anyway, I waa obliged to desist, and whon I took my hand away it Boomed as if he slunk under tho bed though it Bounded aa if ho was running round tho room — so much so that at last X angrily oallod out ' lis down,' after which he was quiot. a ' Thon I saw tho hand was fading, the light grow gradually loss till nothing was left, and tho grey blaokness filled the . room again. For a whole hour I waa speculating on that raysterioui light, half believing, half in doubt till I fell asleep again ; for when I awoke the sun was shining brightly and tho .eorvant knocking at the door. I got up ut onre into idiug to Bond tho dog down. I called and whistled, whon there — oh, George —all lying huddled up in ths farthost oorner of tho room lay my poor dog dead — dead, and stiff, and staring with a horrifiol look in hia faithful oyes, und bis tongue blaok and bitten through. 1 Tho coachman oamo up stairs and batbod Gipsoy with warm water, but what was tho uao P My Uuclo Stuart oamo, and after breakfast I told him my Btrango experienos of tho night. Ho wont rathor pulo, I thought and flually asked mo not to tell hia wife, as ho said there was somo idle legend in the Stuart family, and it might upsot her. He has h*-d the pioturo taken down, and tho room soarohed and lookod up. ' That is my story of ths ghost and tho dog and it all happened yeaterday.' ? ? ? ? ?« * As we two mon sat thore with moditativo pipes, watching the firelight flicker among tho o* sties in tho aoals, I suddenly bo t hough t mo of a book I had. Some thing in Paul's atory had struck a chord of rnmombrauco, and going to my librury shelf I soarohod and found tho book. It was a raro old work, ono that I highly prized ; ?ho titlo-pago boro tho date 1718, with tho name : ? The Papistry Disproval in the Reign of King Charles I. By Piers Geaton. Im printed at tho Blow Boll.' Turning over suvurui pages, x Bt ia«i iouna what x wanted. ? Paul,' I exoluimed, churning his attention from a revurio, ? just listen quiotly to this : it's very Btrango, to say the least of it.' Then prefacing my extraot with a f sw oxplan atory remarks, I road the following : — ' Tho King that night lay at Oxford with his oourtiors about him, his bodyguard and pages in tbe anta-chambor, when toward the middle of tho night thero eamo a furious ringing and a-ualling, whioh woke hia seoce tary, Mr. Auhburuhan, and a pago, who forthwith oast themselves into the chamber. Charlos, girt with ovory appearanoe of Terror domnnded of thorn, why they have lot any Person pnes into his room, at which thoy were much astoniod and donyed it, culling upon tho OapUin of tho Watch und the sol diers, who in lika manuor awarano body had passed them. ' Afterward the King oonfidod to Sir John Burgoine ho bad soen tho flguro of Lord Stafford enter tho room in armour such as ho wore and stretch to him his ungloved hand, and say, ' I know how to look Doath in the faoo, bo yo ready too,' whereat tho Kiog was meoh disturbed, for no great time had gons by since Stafford was oseoutod at Tower Hill on May 12, 1741. In the morning boforo they took horso for York thoy found iu tho Kings room a dead dog lay whioh waa con sidered an omen by some' Whon I had finished roading Western asked to boo tho book, aud porusod tho tulo himself. ' That,' ho said, decisively, ' must bo the germ of tho ' idlo legend ' ray unolo alludod to. I nover heard of it before.' ' Well, do you think thore ia anything in it?' — ' What oan I Bay? Aro thero not strango instincts, atrange presentments and warnings ia this world of ours to thoso that heed them — ia it not a strange coinci dence that my Cousin Charlie Stuart gavo mo that (lend dog before ho joined hia regi ment in India t Now I understand my uaclo's uneasiness lest I should havo told tho story to thomothor, who idolizes him. Do you re member roading in one of tho London papors some fow years ago, whon tho question of wurningswaa mooted, tho story of tho Scotch family to whom a blaok dog always appeared when death threatened a momber of tho family, or tho moro famous legond of tho ' drummer's tatoo,' and how a ludy, a stran ger nowly arrived at tho castle, montionod to ler hostess at dinner tho strango musio she had heard playing boncuth her window us site dressed, the consternation of thottgVjstE that know tho family log'end, tho swuuning of the hostess, and the tidings of a son's doath in a foreign land t I boliovo there aro warn ings to thoBO who heo 1 them in howover stran&o; a guieo they maybo brought to us,' and then Paul Western got up and after lighting his onormoua pipe- salliod out into tho night, and I was left alone in my oham bera, round whioh the rata raced, and tho facoa of dend men lookod at mo from the walls, for I oould not nil at onoo divest my self of thoetory I had hoard whon my eyes fell on tho pictured portraits with whioh my room was fillod. — P. Slf. Budyct. 