Cfte tiapturta f&nattj.; TUESDAY, OCTOBKB 7, 1890. THE STRIKE. The present Government will find that it only requires a continuance of the infirmity of purpose which they displayed last week for them to lose the reputation, for strength that by comparison, with their- predecessors com tesj has extended to them. They profess to be prepared to put down rowdyism with the strong hand, but decline to interfere until the harm has been. done. Mi*. Hay ford evi dently believes in cure rather than prevention.. As Mr.. Dashwood- put it, he will consider that when property has been thrown into; the river the moment for its protection has arrived. The presence of an adequate body of police with liberty to act within"the usual sphere of their duties would probably have presented last Wednes day's rowdyism at Port Adelaide, but the police were sent rather late, and when there seemed incapable-of acting without orders from headquarters. It is all very well for the Groverameni; to say that they will remain neutral in the strike, but the maintenance of personal liberty and security is no. departure from neutrality. The uuionists as a body are opposed to^ blackguardism of any sort, but every mob, whether of employers or laborers, contains some rowdies prepared bv their violence or intemperate acts to disgrace their fellows. We believe that the superciliousuess and arrogant intolerance of the employers is more culpable, and with opportunity would be for more actively tyrannical, thaa any complementary displays of the others, but the Government, as guardians of the peace,, have nothing to do with the relative merits of either class, but must deal with the facts before them. There is, no doubt, thqfc something stronger than moral suasion has kept men from work at Port Adelaide, and that the failure of so called moral suasion has led to the ■adoption of mueh more forcible and. , successful arguments. Apart alto gether from the interests of the strikers and the employers, there are the interests of the general community which are deeply involved in carrying on the trade of the colony, and the plain duty of the government is to protect those who are willing to do the necessary work to whatever societies or callings they may ot may not belong. The maintenance of the peace and right of personal liberty isj as we said, a consideration altogether foreign to the merits of the present dispute. The strike had an origin too trivial for the dimensions which it has assumed. Probably neither the maritime officers nor the shipowners would have insisted upon their respective posi tions had they anticipated the present crisis, and it now remains to be seen which of them have the greater share of moral courage necessary to make by a slight concession a real advance towards conciliation. . In this con nection the lines of Pope should be borne in mind, that they never forgive who do the. wrong. The obligation of taking the first step is, in our opinion, greater- on the employers. The general strike was on a, point of honor; it may be mistaken, but nevertheless honor. The men went out on principle, under a sense of what they considered duty to the officers, and many of them, must have f been conscious of the great sacrifices their action entailed. Their motives, therefore, claim at least the respect of the other side. Under the circum stances, itcanbe no derogation from the dignity of the employers to make some advances towards a conference. So far from doing so they are even dis inclined to meet those made by the unionists. This is really an exhibition of temper in keeping with the tradi tions of their class. Professor 1 horold Rogers tells us that - from the time of the Wars of the Koses to tie repeal of the combina tion laws, all legislation was simply " a conspiracy concocted and carried by parties interested in its success, entered into to cheat the English workman of his wages, to tie him to the soil, to deprive him of his freedom, and to degrade him into irreparable poverty." The old trade guilds were at first societies to protect the con joint interests of the employers and workmen, but the employers succeeded 111 making those interests antagonistic, separated from the guilds, and then proceeded to legislate in suppression of all such combinations. Even as late as LS2i all combinations of work men to raise the rate of wages were illegal, and the complete recognition cf trades unions only came in 1871. Societies on the union principle, of course, existed before they were legal, for custom always forces the pace of legislation, but their meetings were often obliged to be held in secret and the records of them buried. How commendable and temperately ex pressed were the objectB of these societies is shown by their manifestoes, from one of which, founded in 1809, we extract the following.-—" There existed a necessity that some limits should be set (at any rate an attempt made in that direction} to those increasing exactions that continually take place when power to interpose them happens to fall into the hands i of unscrupulous men, and to obtain and to preserve as far as possible that desirable and reasonable arrangement,, a fair day's pay for a fair day's work. The only way to secure these objects was by the formation of a union, which would place the workmen in a position where there would be a recognition of his right to be dealt with as an intelligent being, and not merely as a bale of goods or merchan dise* Trade disputes and strikes we all deplore, and as much as possible avoid. It behoves us to carefully study the causes of disquiet, to trace them to their foundations, and to try fey every means to settle them amic ably, remembering at the same time what are the duties we owe to our selves and ©u? fellow workmen individually, and study, too,, the best and truest interests of the societies collectively." The historical temper undoubtedly appears to be on the side of the working classes. Held Oveb—"Flights and Darts." and other matter. A Rejbeshjiekt Boots.—At the show on Thursday nest the Bible Christiana will1 bare a refreshment booth, the proceeds of which are in aid of the manse funds. The Tbadb xsr ITitJX.—The following are the quantities of flux dispatched from the Xapunda Railway-station for the fortnight ended October 4th, 1890:— To Dry Creek —Ironstone, 496 tons 14 cwfc. O qrs.;! marble, 814 tons 9 cwt. 2 qrs. Grand total, 1,311 tone 3 cwt. 2 qrs. Masqueeade Skatiso G&RNIYAXz.;—The proprietors of the local skating rink hare a special programme for show night. The first part of the evening will be devoted to a mas querade skating carnival, and at 9 o'clock there will be a ball, which is advertised to break up at 4 a.m. A brass band has been engaged.. Cheiet Chubch ScHOOEftOOit.—An ad vertisement notifies that a bazaar to assist the building of the proposed schoolroom for Christ Church has been fixed for the first week in next month and contributions of goods or produce are asked to be sent either -to the Vicarage or to certain specified ladies of the congregation. Eti/rs Newiok.—This well-known itinerant •alesman has been drafting crowds of people to his large tent) at the rear of the Franklin Hotel for the past week, and lias taken buckets ful of money. For show night he has arranged an attractive entertainment, particu lars o£ "which will be found in another column. "With Mr. Newton is an old friend> Mr. Moulton, the lightning caleul&ter;, and the proprietor of certain liver and' corn speifics and the New Zealand midget (Mir. Jackson). Wesieyas Litebaet Society. — The usual meeting of this society was heli last Friday evening, the attendance of mem bers being good. The president (Rev. H.. H. league) presided. The evening's programme was derived from Longfellow's life and writ ings.. Mr. T. Jeffs gave a short sketch, of the poet's life and works, in which he contended tliat the most beautiful: o£ Longfellow's wri tings waB " Hiawatha." Several, members of the society assisted Mr. Jeffs in his task by reading portions of the American poet's works. The presidentexpressedhisopinionthatbe con sidered that a6 a writer Longfellow was much more popular than many writers of equal mmt, b\it tliouglit he was not so deep as Wliittier, Low, and several others. A question-box lecture ia the programme for the next meeting. Indtjstbiaii and Abt Exhibition.—It must have been gratifying to those who wish success to the institution to find the meeting which was held on Friday last so veil attended, nnd'that. besides the forty ladies and gentlemen, who attended,some of the most influential persons of th© district have con sented to give the exhibition their support. It is to be hoped that now the workers have come forward ths supporters will also, do their best in contributing towards the funds whioh are necessary to promote so useful an institution. At the meeting referred to the committees for revising the prize-lists for the various classes were appointed, and it seems very probable from the interest taken through out that the next exhibition is to be even a greater success than the previous ones. At present there is an uncertainty whether it will be advisable to extend the circuit for competitors to the whole colony exclusive of the metropolis or otherwise. j Tqg Kapunba Litebabt Society.—The meeting on Tuesday last was devoted to the conclusion, of Mr. Cameron's excellent paper on iron, the particular section being -steel by Uessemer's process. Mr. Cameron gave a description of the furnaces in which the metal is kept in a kind of boiling st-at<\- by the admission of hot air under great pressure. The eff-xt of this process I as been to render eteel so much,cheaper that it is now used in preference to iron. Its advantage of greater strength in proportion to size making it more advantageous for many purposes., A descrip tion of the Forth Bridge was next given. Xhis was made pretty clear by the aid of some nice diBgrams. Some Idea of the immense span from pier to pier may be got by stepping out the distance of 570 yards in Main-Btreet. The next evening will be occupied by Mr. Havment'e digest of Stanley's new book on Africa. SHOW Pat-—Next Thursday the annual aho-w of the Kapunda and Light Agricultural Society is to be held. Bjf the comparative statement given below (the figures of which for 1SG0 are only approximate) it will be seen that the entries, on the whole, this year show a falling off, there being fifty-four less than in 1889. There is, however, an increase in the number cf c;:tries itj »heep, tKiiif, gram ai.a ftaur, dairy produce, end vegetables, &c.; The entries iu the implement class are only one le ss than last year, but in poultry there are fifty-seven less. In the miscellaneous class, a class that might be largely availed of, there are only two entries against nine last year, and in the unenumerated there is a falliug-off of three. The total number of entries are greater by fifteen than in 1888. 1890\. 1889. Draught efoek ... 24, 24 Roadster stock ... 90 95 Blood etock... ... 4 9 Cattle 25 32 Sheep 68 61 Swine IS 10 Implements 41 42 Grain and Flour ... 9 6 Dairy Produce ... 25 21 j Poultry 117 174 ' Vegetables, &c.; ... 22 7 Dogs 13 17 Miscellaneous ... 2 9 Uueuumeratsd ... 3 6 Total 459 513 j Blessing the New Chancel of St. Rose's.—The enlargement and general reno vation of St. Rose's (R.C.) Church, having been so far completed as to permit of its consecra tion, Sunday last was the day appointed for the ceremony- The sitting accommodation of the building has been considerably increased, and, although on account of the dampness of the western walls,, some of the colorings have not been finished, the church has a very neat and cleanly appearance. Long before the hour for the Mass (10.30 a.m.) people were wending their way to the church, and at the opening of the service the building was crowded to the doors, there being in the con gregation a number of Protestants. As the admission was by ticket at half-a-crowa the building fund must have been augmented by a goodly sum. Archbishop Reynolds (assisted by lather Byrne, another priest, and the necessary acolytes) having blessed the new chancel, delivered an. eloquent address on "The Rosary," the day being "Rosary Sun day." The object of his addres9 was that His hearers might have a reason for the faith' that was within them. The rosary, in one form or other, was coeval with Christianity, and was not a superstition. Explaining the rosary, the preacher 6aid it was put into its present form by St. Dominic iu the thirteenth century, and was a cateehism and epitome of the gospel narrative of the immaculate con ception, the birth, life, death, and resurrection of Christ. It was divided into three parts, each consisting of five mysteries. The first five were called tbe joyful mysteries—the Annunciation (when the Lord was conceived); the Visitation, of the blessed virgin to St. Elizabeth; the Jfativity of the Lord, His presentation at the temple, with tbe Purifi cation of the blessed virgin. The second five were called the dolorous, or sorrowful, mystenes, and had. relaSion to the passion of Christ, His prayers and agony in Gefchsa mane, the scourging, crowning with thorns, &c.;, and His crucifixion and death. The re maining mysteries were called the glorious mysteries, viz., the resurrection of the Lord, His ascension^ ths coning of tlis Holy Ghost, the assumption of the blessed virgin and her coronation. The roaary consisted of two hundred, beads—fifty Our Fathers and one hundred and fifty Hail Marys. The reason of Hail Mary being repeated so much ofteuer than the Paternoster was, the beads being to commemorate t he incarnation of Christ, and to honor Hun in His blessed «notUer> it was re garded S3 right that the prayer particularly adapted to these ends should be repeated a greater number of times. During the course of this description of the rosary there was a brief historical reference made to the beads and. beadsmen.. Closing his address, His Grace asked his hearers ta daily recite the rosary, and io. ponder over what he had said that they might be able to give a reason for the faUh that was within them. He congratulated the congregation on the im proved. appearance of the church, and the collection which had been taken up, he placsd on the altar- with the prayer that the givers.might be blessed a hundredfold. The choir, assisted by several ladies and gentlemen from Adelaide, rendered excellent music dur ing the mass. The Raxntah,.—From a statement pub lished it will have been noticed that the rain fall registered for the present year has been :— January, 8 days, 4*200 ; February, 5 days, 0-850; March, 5 days, 2 085; April, 5 days, 0 900 ;. May, 9 days, 1975 ; June, 14 days, 3 050.; July, 19 days, 5 015; August, 18 days, 3 420 inches. Mr. Clarke has favored us with fhe following statement of the rainfall Day.. Inches. 1st 0010, 5th 0*320 7th 0070 10th 0:230 11th 0005, 12th 0005 13th O'OSO 14th 0040 15th 0*140 16th 0075 Day. Indies. 17th 0*160 18th 0025 19th 0*010 20th 0=015 23rd 0*015 24th 0 005 26th 0010 2Sth 0165 29th 0120 30th 0*37o —~ uiuum, in iu ciaja, which brings the total up to the end of Septem ber of the present year to 23 365 inches in 99 days. In 1889 the rainfall for the same period was as follows :—January, 5 days, 1*025 ; Feb ruary, 3 days, 0140; March, 5 days, 0 205 ; April, 12 days, 11*175 ; May, 11 days, 2*145 ; June, 23 days, 3-950; July, 13 days, 0*655; August, 19 days, 3*000; September, 12 days, 3123 inches—a total of 25*295 inches in UO-days, being 2'930 more than ha6 lallen in the same period of this year. The fall registered at the Kapunda Reservoir this y<-ar been as follows :—January, 10 days, 2 900; February, 0 days, 1*050; March, 4days, T8S0; April, 4 days, 1*210 ; May, 9 days, 2-03U ; June, 14 days, 2 940 ; July, 17 day*, 5*220 ; August, 19 days, 3 900 inches. Mr, T. E. Smich, tiie superintendent, informs us that the rainfall registered in September was— Day. Inches.. Day. Inches 5th 0*510 19th 0 090 9th O 210 24th 0 040 13 th 0 090 26th 0 020 14th 0050 27th 0 200 loth 0150 28th 0*190 16th 0*120 30th 0-320 18th 0110 Total, 2 100 inches, in 13 days, a grand total for the nine months of the year ol 23 230 inches in 91 days. In 1889 the rainfall registered was as follows:—January, 6 days, 1 740; February, 2 days, 0*250; March, 5 days, 0*310; April, 11 days, 11*870; May, 14 days, 2*790; June, 21 days, 5*100 ; July, 10 days, 0-940; August, 18 days, 3*300; Sep tember, 13 days, 3 250 inches—total, 29 550 in 100 days, being 6*320 inches more than bae lallen this year. At the waterworks yard in the township the fall for the past month was I S45 infills in 11 daye. 