Chapter VIII, ~ ' THK CAPTAIN S KETUBifl^ "Discharge tea at Sydney, and prepare to take iliwool and produce at that port and at Melbourne." Such were the orders which came to the captain of the Briton Bold. It gave him much 'concern. He saw danger ahead, and of an unfamiliar sort. Big seas and black coasts and straight forward runs of uny sort would not trouble liim much. But to face " that ' " woman ! Could he brace himself up for the interview and weather it with- ! out breaking down or discrediting himself? lie ciune'at last to the con elusion that he must try. The encounter was at leaafr-Awtr months am i i and might be avoided, while giving up the sliib iueant^M^lnte hiin :& f.w+.liwith ltl> nnmni! wifli ♦<\VV«jJL'aI ijhi \1 * • » «= & luvnuvwwmw; rtiui^rQ M f faced forthwith, lie argued witli himself too. *'Whtttffi thera i; : have but to harden my heart and stick to my gtiqaJp^Sbout ten and it's all over. So all about the Australian ^oast-iand round the bitter 1 cape and northward of the sunny seas he brough^hds. good ship along bu generally with a heavy heart and troubled face.' ' lie steamed uf> the l iver in September. and brought to at YJravescnd. A fisherman boarded Iiim there, ami, touching n fbrejock. requested an inter view. "Just ten quiet words, cap'n, it' y< ut could spare the time." Not without foreboding liie captain said, " is it? .Speak up. my man." " This lie from a ladv, cap'n ; and wouldst tlieo semi Iter an answer?" It was a very brief note— simply Miss. I'oynfer'scompliments, and a re quest that Captain Johnson would call on her, or peimit Iter to wait on him at lite earliest opportunity. " What are you, my man ? In the service of this lady?" " So far as this affair goes 1 lie, sir." " You know all about it, then?" " 1 knew Mr. Dunbar—Mr. Cranston, as he was called—served under his father, sir." " You're a sailor man, then ?" " lmurteen year in. I loyal navy, sir." " And what is she, this lady ?" " She was daughter of a clergyman, sir ; and he died. She's lich and good, and is learning hospital work now." " ll*ui. And she wants to see me. Well, poor lady, there is nothing to tell, of course, lie bade me tell no living soul of his death, but t lie pa pets got hold of an odd tarn of it, and so 1 thought better to tell them the lot. I'll see the lady. It's Tuesday to-day. tell her I'll see her on Friday." " Aye, aye, sir. l'.ut she be terril.de anxious." " I'oor lady, yes, but wo shall he all in a mess for a .layer two. You take my message, and tell her to write to me at the agents, and tell the steward to give you a glass of grog." John Dinm returned to her who had sent him with this message, and she vv rote, making an appointment for the Friday in Dark-street. The captain receiving it was very ill at ease. ]In looked up a mate the same evening, and half resolved to tell him the whole yarn and seek advice, or. at ieast, sympathy. lie had, indeed, such an idea when he said to Captain Wilson, " Is there no snuggery about here where we two old sea dogs roitId have a, pitch and a pipe?" The other captaini laughed as he answered. " Which of us shall lead the way?'1 Ihit. himself hailed a cab and said, " The liells." Chapel-street. So they sat in the parlour of the Hells, and they had drunk to each other and were smoking nicely, and the skipper of the 1 Sri ton Hold was just stroking Ids cliin. and wrinkling his brow, and trying to shape a beginning to his yarn, when the lady of the house looked in—a pleasant enough vision, doubtless, to a cheery-hearted mariner just, off a two months' voyage. .She was sorry to disturb tliein, but what a lire it was for a chill night, and no kettle, and a lemon that might have grown at the North l'olo. " Servants are just like sailors," said she. " Nothing right unless the captain is about." - ■" And you have got a snug little erait hero, madam." " So they all say: and you are heartily welcome to n place in the cabin, .lust got to port ?" " Yesterday. All the way from the land where the lemons grovy, and the grog is made tmt, and plenty of it. but not much stuff of this sort." *" l.et me make y«ai another. Nobody understands my grog and my kettle but myself Where does he come from, captain ?" "What! Don't" you know each other? 1 thought you were old ac quaintances. Mis. Webb. Capiaiu Johnson, of the Hritou Hold." Then "Mrs. Webb" dropped tin* kettle, and the boiling water ami steam went tlv ing all over the room. There was a scream, of course, and it- was dis covered i-int she had sea Med her foot badly, and must get away to her mum. "You put out your foot and made me stumble, bur ir will he all right to-morrow. Look in in lite morning, and see how lam." This to Captain Johnson. And when tin; morning came what could Captain Johnson do less than'; look in ? And when the lady lounging upon the s<>la said," J'm soglad to see ' .v»iii ; but- would von mind closing the door, because I've something parti cular to say"—what < ould he do hut obey, tjlie w as tliinner than of old, her rlii- elis were brighter, her skin more transparent, filie was not by any means an ill-looking woman, •• Are von really the captain of the Briton Hold lb* answered " Yes.'" bur asked mentally, "Ami who the devil are you?"' " Then von can tell me all about the death of that jtoor fellow - Cranston vou called hint." The captain stared at her. Had she married, and very recently. Was he bccoining involved in the meshes of some diabolical plot. " 1 thought," be stammered. " I thought the ladv's name was Hoytitei." The mere mention of that name stung Iter unto madness. The scalded foot w as instantly heabil. " You thought the lady's name was 1'oynter, and you thought perfectly right. Captain Johnson. And vott took the lady's money to let that murdering radian go. did you ? And that's why she's |tr*ti' •nid nursing at the hospital is it? 1 see it all now. t.sh. il's a previous plot ! What did ymt bury there oil" Adelaide, tiaptain Johnson, and Itovv will vou look when I bring v.on face to face with the Jaw? 'Jell me the • ■.ruth now. or I'll tear it our of your heart." i With the menace of personal violence the captain's courage rose. He! spoke sternly, " You arc beside yourself, woman, and have little respect for ; your own good name or that of your house. Stand aside. 1 say ; I 11 not be i vaii ■ hisi-d as to my actions by such its you." I "tin right on. and toil her then, (in and see the dainty lady. Co and \ give her back a few of the pounds von took. She wants them by litis time. I <ict our of my house, anyhow, you murderer's accomplice ! Cci our. J say, j or I'll call the poliee !" j He muttered something of frenzy and madness, but knowing the folly oi *• lighting a raging woman, backed out, and went down to bis ship, looking very much like a man who had seen a ghost—and in broad daylight. And yet the interview resolved him on a definite course of action. " lie can't split, or In-will he hanged ; and A lick's my brother, find deeper in man i am. The loa's there, and h.v the log I'll swear. Let cm conic on. 1 believe the chap's innocent. and still more alter that vviid cat's pratming. Let what about the oilier?" lie luul to meet heron the Friday afternoon ; but on Friday about noon lie received u call, and on the same busi- i I less. I A detective officer sent his compliments to Captain Johnson, but was not very troublesome. " There is the log, find that, newspaper account is ac curate us I gave it to the reporter. 1 don't know that I can add anything to it." " I don't see that you can. Of course we pay no attention to that wild cat who has been fooling about the office. Did the doctor come home?" No ; settled in Sydney." " You arc going to see the lady—Miss Hoynter?" I have promised. Nothing but that would take me there." "It won't be :t pleasant job, though she is a lady all through. And, '•upturn. I don't want to be nasty over ir, or even bothersome ; but is there anything to be delivered to that lady '! Any writing, or keepsakes, or any thing of that sort? You know that we ought to know all that can be fold because it was a bad ease, and we should like to clear it up if IHissilde." 1 should like nothing better than for you to lunch with me here now. and come w itlt me to her this afternoon, and hear all that 1 have to say. There is nothing—absolutely nothing. He didn't even tell me his true name. Fought for me like a man, ami died like a Christian. He a murderer! I don't believe it, and even if he was. I'd rather be should be down on the bottom there with a shot fit his feet than rotting in a gaol-yard here." The officer's eves brightened a little lanieatl) their half-closed lids. "Justoff" Adelaide you buried hint ?" " Yes, three flays after Chrisunns." " A nuisance on hoard a ship a dead l.vody ?" " Yes, and as you know, of course, there is a standing rule making buiying within twenty-four hours compulsory." " Well, we'll close the record in litis case, and T don't think I will call on the lady with you. You will not be troubled much with her, but I wish she'.l I tad butter luci; ill the way of sweethearts." Notwithstanding this expressed resolve, however, the captain was very closely wak-bed as lie went towards I'ark-street, ami from a window opposite a pair of eyes sought, though without much success, to see all that j Kissed in the lirst tloor front room. Helen IViyntcr knew not what to think when her interview with the captain was ended. .She sat as one dazed, witli n memory of a stern-faced man whose vocabulary seemed to consist almost of one monosyllable. True, he had told her a long story, but it seemed as if he had been leading from a iiook. When it was ended he abided all her questions, ami answered all, " No, no, no." There was nothing, absolutely nothing. All she loved, all the hope of her life, her earthly idol, whom she Almost deemed would reach iv hand to her from beyond the grave, had gone that way, and could never return, ami had said neither hope oil, nor farewell. Oh, hitter life! oh, thankless irresponsive humanity ! What can wc hope of you ? what can we do for you? "Help you ever so little," said her own good heart, and believing that good saying, she laboured .on, if possible with even more . earnestness, lotting humanity generally absorb all that it could of the affection she had once deemed consecrate to him. Ami yet the heart of hope thrilled within the sepulchre which circum stances seemed building around and above it. She scarcely di earned of an earthly felicity in her love, hut still when any phantom of 'the mind rose up to hear false witness against him, she stood up strong in nil hc-r armour of loyalty, and said again and again—"He is not guilty. I will not believe." Jiut was he de.nl? Whence came these sudden impulses to arise and deport, to follow some unknown indefinable quest? And when she sought to answer why was all so dark, so hard, so sepulchral, above and around and before? Happily she was busy. Her life find few idle hours, and she jived chiefly amongst men and women of practical mind and earnest life, A mouth of idleness then, mi hour or two amongst the clever impostures of spiritoaltain. aml she would have been utterly wasted and destroyed. Her foiihht5AyAf|ld ha\ e been sucked away, Iter thoughts forced into fantastic in8^^1jftg%K>oves, and all lier.wprkiug power ruined. The discipline of tlie -|)pkpft(li was very good, a constant companionship, heaJuig and ' . J A ^ !f nhi>n<TC« Clin jltrl MA<\- Uro!lf OA IMItolt !-»«» 4 Ito „ ailfegrv™., »* sacrifice, dierholiday, and wfttad amon ■ MMflfe communion with the-autumn. anu ..v.— nl o we nil Iter mind and life to the nutumu m«J ' O'ho ani-ing of her being had never known the ^l&^rSuS^Siot hifwpuently it rose rebellious beneath that Sum cloak whicli imtute had not ordained. Why should she not rejoice, live, love. he. nil that woman may lie in the worldV JIn< 1 a single draught exhausted (lie fount? .-ii bin; knew too well it' lor a moment tin1 i*'11 XVils seriously mtcuued. " 1 licar it now, mil! <;Vr, ami luernal greetiugs to ilit.' <leml; And Ave, Ave. Ave ««id. Allien, mlieii, fur evermore " Aye. or till the son gives up its .{end. Had it not already given up ? Had not Captain Johnson brought up the dead l»ody ol' ali Iter Imp-, and laid it at Iter feet? The peace of (Jod which passeth tdi understanding should have mine .surely to oik: who snhinitted. resigned. and laboured thus. And yet site knew it not. Instead thereof, into the calm house of endurance she had sought-to prepare for herself, ugly companionship seemed to steal. 'I he sense of haunting she had known in I (fidget on at the tragedy time returned. She was conseiotts that strangers who yet were not wholly strange freipiently crossed Iter path. A familiar face and lonn met or passed her in Iter loneliest walks. If she halted in the very heart of London, or about the docks, she knew that she was not alone. And more than once or twice, that, cdher woman was encountered, a smile of hitter half-triumphant malignance on her faee. Pity struggled with loathing'in Helen's Poi nter's mind then, for Iter increased experience told her that hideous h or was painted on what was little Letter than a hollow mask of death. Adelaide Jones knew tlmr also, hut did not realise it. She had con sumption : so had forty thousand others. " Mid she not drink a little at times It" the doi-tor asked. AYhal if she did. " A woman must take it drop at j times who is bothered like 1 tun." " Let the drops l<e seldom as possible." said the doctor, hut she did not heed him much. Her troubles and her disease were, indeed, growing together. There is a freemasonry amongst, master mariners, ami though few words had heen spoken by either of the two captains who had had experience, it came to he understood that the Hells was a place to he avoided. Thus trade declined and debts increased as autumn chilled towards winter. 