LIFE FOR HER LOVE. T.aE night Christobel Somerville made her first appearance cn the stage, in the part of Juliet, at the Eclipse Theatre, was an occasion long to be remembered by the playgoing public. Such'a sensation had hardly ever be fbre, been created. After the great chamber scene the audience was fairly swept away by the storm of enthu siasm: Men rose to their feet and cheered, and cheered, and cheered again, as if frantic to find some ade quate vent for their desperate admira tion. Even Mr. Aristarchus Snarler, critic, of the .Daily C~ncograph, could hardly refrain from applauding. Again and again the actress had to appear before the curtain. It was a great. hurricane of cheers and applause, which, continuing, only gathered in volume. At length the orchestra grappled with it, and in time got it under, as water quenches fire. On that night her fame was made and secured. She became the rage; Bohemia received her entirely, and the male members of the aristocracy were at her feet. And what manner of girl was this Christobel Somerville ? To begin with, she was not a girl. She must, atleast, have been thirty. She was tall, with a figure which, while it was moulded beautiful, was as supple .as could be desired. Her face was remarkable for her eyes. They were not bright, vivid eyes, but they were large and deep, and soft, and dreamy; 'They were eyes in which a man's soul might seem to drown. You could not 'help noticing in her expressive fea tures an almost painful greed of fame. SHer voice wasever soft, Gentle, and lowv; an excellent thing is :woman,' And, when off the stage, she spoke with great deliberation. Her manner was often listless; sometimes it was grave. Of the vivacity generally found amongst actresses she had really mnone, It was a sight worth seeing to notice her sometimes at a reception, seated son a .chair, or lounge, looking half pleased, half weary, one arm hanging indolently down, while the other hand just moved her fan to and fro. She naver said anything worth hearing, anless.she were speaking of her art; dben, sometimes, she would stumble into a fairly good piece of criticism, She liked champagne suppers, when the theatre was.over, ias well as most antresses, indeed, as well as most women do. She realised, perfectly, the attractions of summer Sunday dinner at the Star and Garter; but through the most festive scenes she preserved the peculiarly fascinating, .eleepy, style she affeeted. Men raved about her, and vied with each other in costly expression of their homage. Some persons imagined that because she was not vivacious, she must, there fore, be profound; and it took such persons the whole season to find out that off the stage she had no more intellect than a wax doll. Now,' it chanced one night that Mr. Frank Rose encountered this syren. He was a pleasant, handsome young fellow ,of four.and-twenty; and he was a poet -that is to say his virgin volume was in the press. Report said it would be worth roading. To meet the actress bad been his heart's desire. It was gratified. He stood face to face with her, he heard her speak, he looked into her eyes. Bifore the evening was over he knew that he was irrevocably in love with her. He had often tried to. be in love. He had stimula'ed a someniwhat lethargic passion by writing sonnets to the object of it, From sheer force of habit he went on with the sonnets when even the pretence of love was gone; as some shops tradb under the name of deceased proprietors. Time after time had 'la grande passion' eluded him; but here it was at last. At a literartgatherio'g it was that he met her. A man ofb some distinc tion in the republic of letters h'd pointed him out as one from whom he expected great things, so that she was pleased to know him. As' for Rose, poor boy! he .was a great, deal too 'far gone' in love even to attempt to disguise what he felt. Through tie evening he followed her like her shadow; when she was going away, he said, 'When may I come and see you ?' 'Do you want to came adid see me, then ?' 'There is nothing in the world I want so much ?' 'Let me see, to-day is. Monday; there is something for every after noon and night this week. Come to luncheon on Tuesday week.' '.But surely I may see you before then ?' 'I don't know." Will you be very good if I say you may come round be hind the scenes to-morrow night just for five minutes?' 'Thank you,' he said, and then he had the felicity of seeing her to her carriage. As he handed her in, he said in a tone of voice hardly louder than a whisper.' 'How do you think I can wait till 'to-morrow night?' 'Why, very well,' she answered with one of her soft, slow smiles; "Good,night,' He watched her carriage lamps out of sight; then he roamed about the streets conscious of nothing but his love. The grand passion was ever a grander pIassion than he had imagined -it was more profound, more thrilling. As he paced the streets he seemed to hear her voice, he seemed to gaze into her eyes, to feel once.more her hand in his, to smell the perfume that escaped from her dress, quite different from inny perfume he had ever known. He thought the day would never pass, but, at last, night came. Before tihe curtain rose he was in his place He was not an impecunious poet, and he had brought with him a most splendid bouquet. When the per formance was over he hurried behind the scenes, where all seemed bustle and confusion. Miss Somerville had gone to her dressing room. He sent up his card, and was presently re quested to ' walk this way.' He was shown up a narrow and exceedingly steep staircase; in another moment he stood in her room, but could have sworn with mortification to find the small apartment literally overflowing with people. Captain Maddick was there, big and very military. As Rose made his way up he was saying : 'No, I say, it's a shame that I should have been cut out to-night in the matter of flowers; it really is. I'll take some awful vengeance on the fellow.' 'Will you not deign me a word to night?' said a little, evidently 'self made,' man, with red whiskers and a somewhat flasby 'getup;' he was a rich advertising agent. ' When may I have the p:easure of driving you down to Richmond ?' 'My dear Mr. Parsons, it is impos sible for me to say at such short notice. You had much better consult Miss Grey.' Miss Grey was Miss Somerville's companion. She kInows my engage ments better than I do myself. Oh ! Mr. Rose, is that you ? What beautiful flowers you threw me, you've made Captain Maddiok quite jealous. Captain Maddick, this is Mr. Rose, who threw me that lovely bouquet.' Then other labituds of the theatre, Lord. This, and Lord That, and the Hen. Soand-so, came up and began to say good night. Rose outstayed them all. 'You will dress for Lady Walder shire's reception now, miss ?' said the lady's maid, as if by way of hint to Rose that he had better take his leave. No, I am too tired to go out to night. If I don't take care, I shall look like an old woman soon. ' I have scarcely spoken to you,' said Rose. 'No,' she answered; 'but you might have known how it would be. I tell you what, if you like to wait at the stage?oor while 1 change my dress, you may drive home with me.' Rose was, of course, delighted.be yond measure at the prospect. The theatre was all dark and silent, the only light visible being that over the stage.door. As he passed through it he gave the keeper thereof a sove reign. It was a beautiful May evening; the stars looked warm, and almost golden, as they peered through the sultry hase that hung over London. As he stood in the deserted street, Rose thought how many people were playing their own parts in their own life-dramas; but he felt sure that no part was as exciting as his'own. He was walling up and down like one possessed, lost in his refictions, when the stage-door swung open as Miss Somerville came out, and stepped lightly into her carriage. He followed her, and they drove off. 'Where do you live ?' he askekd. . ' In Westminster.' 'Then I have a clear quarter of an hour with you ?' 'Oh, quite that. Are you happy now ?' \- -'Yes, madly happy !' He took one of her hands, and held it between both of his; then he went on, finding it impossible to keep his love to himself. 'When I first saw you at the Ecolipse T'hoeatre, I worshipped your genius--but, now, it is the woman as well as the actress that I adore. You have found me at last, my beautiful, beauliful fatel' 'What a foolish boy you are !' re plied his companion; 'you have only known me a few hours !' ' I know it; but have you no belief in love at first sight ?' ' I'm not sure I believe in love very much anyhow, first sight or not.' ' But you have felt love ?' Perhaps so-I really can't tell.' He kissed her hand, and she very considerately removed her glove. It was soon known in London circles that Mliss Somerville's new lover was Frank Rose, the poet, from whom fine verses were expected. She found him quite a pleasant change; he loved her in a desperately romantic way, which was quite new to her. He accredited her'with a great soul. She was hardly seen anywhere without himn, and when the season was over, they went to the same watering place. The more he stw of her, the more in love he grew. As for Miss Somer ville, she grew tired. A course of Browning wearied her, as may be imagined. Could he have seen her with clearer eyes, he would, in his own interest,. have acted differently. He was absolutely fool enough to be jeal ous I-altogether, he played his earls as badly as possible. His jealousy tired her. She got weary of being called 'a great, beautiful, sleepy prin cess !' She thought it 'stuff.' She got tired of pretending to understand things of which she knew nothing. All round she got tired of her lover. The reason that she kept him on was that his volume would come out in the autumn, and, if it was a success, it would be well to have him still in her train. Her re-appearance was fixed for early in November. At the end of October, Messrs. Hogan, Mark, and Co. gave to the world ' Christobel, and other poems, by Frank Rose.' The Tuesday fantler, the most im portant critical organ, was first to give a, review of the book. He read it at a restaurant, at which he had been dining, it ran somewhat as follows: 'The literary world has been for some time expecting a volume of poems. by a Mr. Rose, and now, after much and unusual hornbloohing, the work, if it can be called a work, is before us, and adds its author to that long list of ambitious young men who, when they have learnt to rhyme and scan, fondly imagine that the world will mistuko their frivolous trash for poetry. When Mr. Rose is himself, be is dull and sentimental. When he is Swinburnian, as he often is, it ia difficult to say whe ther he is more offensive or amusing. The so-called poems are really not worth further notice.' The 2Tuesday Tattlir was monstrously unjust, for the book had some good work in it. Poor Rose had, unfor tunately for him, the sensitive poetic temperament. He sat with his eyes rivetted upon thie cruel words. 'The liar !' he said. Then he went out. It was a raw November night; the streets were full of a cold fog, through which people went shivering and coughing. After such a notice, how could he face Christobel again? He plunged into the first public-house he came to, swal lowed some brandy, and then made his way to Westminster. Miss Somerville was, as he expected, at home. 'I have brought my first review,' he said, grimly. ' A cut-up, I suppose, by your face ?' she remarked, taking' the paper. 'It's not nice,' she said, as she finished it. 'The man's a liar,' ejaculated poor Rose, who was walking up and down the room in the greatest excitement. Of course, and a fool, too l' she said, with something like a sneer in her tont. 'Good God I Christobel!' he cried, stopping before her, 'you don't take the man's part, do you ?' 'I'? I tlke no one's part; but I suppose that on such an important paper as this, they give the poet of critic to some one who is qualified to judge.' 'Then you believe him ?' he replied, his face growing livid as he spoke. High words followed, which was just what Miss Somerville intended. Mightily wrath he left the house. By the next morning he was calm and patient. The first post brought him a letter from Miss Somerville. He tore it open, and read, ' It seems to me that to-night you insulted me greatly. You have at last wearied out my patience, and I think it better that we should not meet again. That is all I have to say. Good-bye.' The letter nearly drove him mad. Not to see Christobel any more ! To think of some other man loving her! Of hrr loving some other man! Why, it was impossible! By noon, he was at her house. He was told that she, was not at home, but he found his way intoher boudoir. She was sitting by the fire, in a bewitching state of ddeehaillo, examining a superb diamond bracelet, the gift of some new victim, who, she was thankful to know, was not at all poetical. 'I am surprised to see you,' she said quietly, 'I should have thought, after the letter I wrote last night, you would have stayed away. It,.was surely frank enough.' ,' hristobel, you don't mean what you said in that letter ?' 'Yes, I do, every word of it. You have tired me out! Now, when you don't vex me, you bore me. If you had acted differently--.' ' If my poems had been a success 2' 'Yes, undoubtedly that would have helped. I should have kept my interest in you a little longer.' ' Oh Ohristobel, don't you think you are cruel ?' he cried, throwing himself down on his knees before her. ' Perhaps so-Pray don't, we have done with all that now.' He was beginning to kiss her hands frantically. ' Ohristobel, who do you think will ever love you as I love you ?' 'Why, as many men as I wish to have love me, I should think.' 'Not one I' he protested. ' Ohristo. bel, if you cast me off you will drive me mad !' . 'People don't go mal for love,' she replied, and laughhd. He pleaded no more, but rose and said good-bye, and went without even trying as much as to touch her hand. She heard the street door shut heavily behind him; then she wrote a letter of acknowledgement to her new lover for the diamond bracelet. As for Rose, he wandered about like one deaf and blind. Hardly knowing where he went, he roamed about the streets, and, to his surprise, found himself in the country. He forgot to eat, and was so exhausted that he had to pass the night at a little roadside inn. He returned to town two or three days afterwards. It seemed to him that his memory was going, for he was sur prised to see placarded on the walls: SRE-APPEARANCE TO-NIGHT OF Miss CHRISTOBEL SOMERVILLE AT 'THE ECLIPSE THEATRE, In the character of CLE OPA TR A.' How he had looked forward to this night. Of course, it was speedily known that Miss Somerville had thrown over Rose, the poet, on account of the ' slater' he got in the Tuesday Tattler, and that she had taken up with Mr. Isaacs Stephens, the celebrated money lender. As you can imagine, the Eclipse Theatre was crammed to suffocation on the occasion of Miss Somerville's entree. The performance, which was watched with breathless interest, wase a tre mendous artistic success. So great was the excitement, that such persons as knew Rose and something of his affairs, scarcely looked in the direction of his box. His most intimate friend did say once to a mutual acquaintance sitting beside him, 'By Jove! if there isn't poor Frank Rose ! He looks like a mad ghost, doesn't he ?' To which the other answered absently, and with a careless glance in the direction indicated; his mind was full of the actress, and the splendour of her act ing. It would be impossible to de scribe the uproar which took place on the falling of the curtain. To hear it was a sensation. Bouquets showered down in scores. Among the others, fell at the feet of the actress, a wreath of Nightshade. Standing there, clothed in her triumph, as it were, she looked strangely and dangerously beautiful. She had seen whose hand had thrown the wreath; she took it up with a smile, then placed it upon her forehead. All at once the applause dropped dead, for the sharp 'ping' of a pistol-shot rang through it, and above it. All eyes turned instantly to the private box, from which the sound proceeded, the curtains of which had been closed. ' Quick ! quick I' said one friend to another. 'It comes from Rose's box.' So it did They found him therein, a revolver on the floor beside lhim, a pis tol shot in his head, and his heart at rest. Miss Somerville had, for the first time in her life, genuinely swooned. Of course, next morning, when she came to regard the matter in cold blood, she could not help seeing, sad as it was, that it was a most splendid advertisement for her. 'AUsTIN. 