\- London.; - .. ' (FROM ODR OWS COKKESrOKDENT.) ' - . ?,'. May 2. I don't think that yonr friends at Mackay are. much, interested in Imperial Federa tion, except perhaps as a subject to joke alJout when I.C.D. has ran dry of local witicisms, and the Arizona Kicker is not up to the mark. I often hear allusions to this matter o.-id read speeches, but for some time' I have ceased to take any practical interest in 'them, as I have satisfied myself that the overwhelming majority of c6lonist3 do not entertain the idea of Imperial Federation for a moment. This being so,, the question ha9 but academic interest, and there arestoo many things of real life and importance . to con sider nowadays to justify people wasting their time and brain phosphorus over fads. Imperial Federation lias a lot of devotees on. this side, made up, as far as I can learn, . of abont a . dozen good men like Lord Rosebery, who thoroughly believe m the principles of Imperial Federation and the possibility of their successful applica tiont and a band of Anglo-colonists who hang round- the Agents-'General and the official functions that arc celebrated, occasionally in connection with colonial milters. There is a' whole band of these gentlemen in -London, lolling in West Snd Clubs : they are thoroughly out of »uch with Anstralia, or Canada, or the West Indies, as ? the case may be, and reuld find themselves as mnch at sea if ionfronted.with the' real democracy of the :olonies as the raweat new chum. ? I liaye 10 patience with these _ impbsters, who lose as great authorities' on colonial ques ioM, yet are-rtiually ready to forswear all illegiancc to and affection for the countries ,heir' connection with which furnishes the iole'shrcd of miy-claim to reputation. In tome few narrow-minded coteries it is sUll *e fjuihion to run down genuine calwists, and not admit them to the inner mysto-ics of the. cult. The ignoble persons alluded; Jo above readily, (.?cho this infam ous ' scntmniit if they can Bccnre the eVree ' tljorcby. Amongst all the liaso andN j5etty -tricks practised' bjp itcokers after vjciety I consider this' policy one of the niVt atrocious. Taking ft humble case r I wvjyg ^,ok back upon the years spent liy- uk .in tho Australian- colonies with:{iride.aiid's1jwgnrc# itry hard to talk as much an -— b]e of coionjai mlb. icct* in Uifl«ompav..of trienda. and to inU're»t them m tlic-^,,,^. .jvj,cro gr() many good and true \y^a {){ IM)8i',ion andinllueiice who set Wstjie .exfliiinlji but there are aUjo many w»K;j,wtify my criUcism. I intcuded in *K-M\m,r& of tlio 'Imperial Federation meeting. ^ tIm PoopieV Palaco on MondaY, wh.3kt).o itiAnhtiuablo Mr. Parkin dclivcrcd\\. iddro»fl. .Thd place for tho meeting. w» well cluwcn: the idea, «f courao, i« to 1/iod people to thialt Uiat Hie movomnui i» i f making hciulway with thu huimcii.. Thoh cmntitiitioft of the platform Van, liowever, I ] of the clnnwin. ' cDiB»y'— if I may coin I th« wofd— «nd tho audienco was largely 1 rccruitwl from the west of London. Tlieii Diiko of Cumbridgc wan cliairnwn, iifiil I ( Lord liiMcldiiy mndn n good addruHB, in \' tliK «-unso of which h« ruktol tho follow- 1 1 ing MiKcdotivin lii« itntlaraarg charming I I iiiuiia^r :— Thuro wai.oneu a famous lady I of whom you may havu heard— tho will' of the famous Diiko. of Marllwrougli, old Sarah, DwheaH «l Marlborimi{li. Sli' wbh, naioriHiOf t« all .ruportn, a ratlmrl tough old fttbjfct in dual- vyitu, and mi know of ont; of Jiei' deiicundantRjin the i «hap«. of oiir.'frieiul IjOrd Uanilolj.li I ! Ghnifhill.. Welt die did not llv« to «» that-df«c(i[wlant.'' l«t »hu lived to «cn a jrreat nwiiy, 6ni tho idea otrook her that she would 'tofTo-thi'm «U- to dinner, and made . them a pathetic and melancholy speech. Jn the courseiof. her speech she said 'the saw many fair branches around her, find that she was pleased to be the ancient., root from' which they sprang. Hergracions grandson who had: expecta tions' from her, and who was seated at the board,;, said in an''audiblc voice that he thought that, like other roots, she ought ?to he underground. His Lordship used this to indicate that England in talking about] the proposals has no intention whatever, of taking a back seat-. Mr.iH. M. Stanley made his appear* ance at Victoria Station on- Saturday last, having journeyed from the King's Pahcelat Brussels, where he first went to report j himself. The. Barones3 Burdett .Contts Idrove the returned explorer to his new house in deVefe Gardens, Kensing ton, and Mrf Stanley is now receiving' the attacks] of multitudes of friends and would-be friends. To say that he is the lion of the hour is to understate the case : hostesses and ladies of the '' L'8o Himter' stamp are fighting desperately to get' him to show his face for a 'few minutes at their social gatherings, and probably ere long Stanley will get sick of the whole thing, and wish himself back in the Congo forest, amongst the disagreeable little dwarfs shooting their poisoned arrows. He finished his book 'Darkest Africa,' (which will be out directly), at Cairo, well knowing that he Would. not have a spare moment in London: Stanley has acquired during his three years' absence'in the dark continent! a rather sullen, ? suspicious air; which he still retains, and his hair has turned quite white.' The '.position- of a sneeessf uT, explorer is one that offers many unexpected difficulties and anxieties, and Stanley . doft3 well to be on his guard. The Pail 'Mall Gazette asks: 'Shall we waste Stanley V\ -The suggestion, is that he should be placed at the head of British progress jn East Africa, in order to neutralise ;the action of Germany, which, has lately: become extremely aggressive. Although 'Stanley. was thoroughly suc cessful in-'i his quest- for and rescue of Emin; the'-man for whom all this bother was incurred, who kicks against his rescuer and enters the German service in order . to :circumvent onr conntrynien. News reached London yesterday that the agent of 'the British E.Ar Company, Jackson, had succeeded in making treaties with that powerful ruler of the .Uganda district, King Mevanga. From what I can learn, Emin Pasha was a strangely over-rated inan : 'some of ' his followers state that Ms captivity was owing to his unwise and inconsistent treatment of .the natives. who formed his flock. All the qualities required in a ruler of men are. absent from -Emin's character. He.' is evidently. % scientist and nothing more. However England owed him assistance 83 the lieutenant of Gordon, and has now discharged' the debt through the skill and daring, of Stanley. .Should the hitter return to Africa, I expect that it will be the west and. not the east that will claim him : Governor General of the Congo ?with a free hand would suit him'.. ' Succi tasted his 40 days at the. West minsttr. Aqnarinm, « to the pecuniary profit of himself and the institution, and survives! Dr: Tanner also accomplished this feat, your readers will recollect, but he injured his constitution and died in six months. The ' Welsh fasting girl' gave np the ghost during her experiment; so Succi has done the best, as lie is quite well .and -gaining weight rapidly. His fast -was concluded at 2 p.m. Saturday, and afterwards he advanced to the central stage of the buiHing and partook solemnly; of his first nourishment conrwr.pu}Z-Vo, con sisting' of a spoonful of bouillon. For 40 days this man had nothing but a little table waterat intervals and a few drops of his mysterious elixir.. Spring. water would have done jnstas well of course, but he was well paid for advertising the various ajrated waters which he took day by day, Succi was watched closely during the fast by a doctor, and a pressman, who opened his. letters amongst other dnties to see that no food reached him that way. This was necessary, because the public sent him all sorts of comestablcs, in some, casqs from real sympathy, in others by way of joki ; these reached him from nil parts of the world ;' such grotesque conceits as a rump steak; onions, and vegetables, a bundle of toothpicks,' an elaborate menu, n tiny loaf of real brftid, a little coffin abont two inches long- and a complete little sk ek ton. He lost S41bs. 'during his fast, and became a haggard- looking skele ton at the end, but strange to say, he re tained his muscular power, He attributes ?his success, to his streng$i of will. ? ? Queensland ladsjiavo almost invariably done well in schools and. colleges in tho old hind ; and hero is Mr. Reginald Clay ton's, boy coming out first in * tho St. Paul's Collego open competition . for boys undor H years of. age. Hugh Clayton, aged 12|— -a nativo of Maryl-orongh, liy the way — heat 57 boya from othor public schools and-privato tutors, as 'well as a largo number of l-oyn from liiti own school,' St. Panl's. He will now gut his cilncation freo.to the age of 10, and with another ex. Tiiiiimition to 19. 'Then no donbt'ho will win one of Ilia vxhiMtipiiR to Oxloru, con nected with St. Pivul's. AdxTinco Aus tralia I I wonder that colonists do. not irad their «on« -to this nclinol niori; than wilo, J lie ncUtinti --- iilr.cation ifc an '\Niiiit oiii', and tticru aro nmny advan 'IfNMax. O'llcll (Paul Illonut). was l' rt'onNwt(.r there for ycmrH. , .bSSn^t-I^'?, cilIlH .on m!n'BS, i tvftmi,nL*lnt rniniirpiniiiiis of niWin .MSI1*1'1 'S'0, lltmT i »'ay iL -T«orfsen ;«''' lmn!''rs; atdilon; given by . a-f#« - Imi'wto't «Mfc re «ttt!iipii.K clKKUwW.-JMdg' l«t veniwicu oliequo fonrm are \f am con hanker*, hut occa»Ionally onu»V))y °-'r nnd'hw to writn his ordev on iviM'j''; i.( nnto v*w*. Til' i«V. lftil1 fct law that the «lAin» mliHt hfl uHlxod PWtt 'drawer at tho'tlmo of tho oxpoution o! wi documont, wid that it i* ««}? coiiiiHsiant h\ lany otlinr-iKiriioh'.to «tomp it, UnlonD the! drawer chntpliiM wlih: Dili condition Hie olienno i» - invalid, '. ond -MmtfRflm Olympia, the monster hall at Ken sington, has' experienced another change in its fortunes. I have known it as the home of the Paris Hippodrome, a Picture, Gallery, a Dog Show, a'Horse- Exhibition, the Irish Exhibition of Jl8^8, a Bankrupt Institution with a Poor.Rate Bill of £100 hanging over it, Bamum's Greatest Show on Earth, and now a skating rink. And the latest vicissitude is not going to be the.least interesting. The three acres of area laid with smooth hard boards, a good substitute forw ice. Skaters are only allowed to go one way, so there cannot be without great carelessness the disastrous collisions that have made linking in the colonies a fearful joy. Olympia is far and away the finest skating rink in' the world ; five laps make a mile. Seats. and lounges are fitted for spectators, a good band make3 thing3 lively, and a number of handsome yonng instructors, attired^ in velveteen jackets, glide about to 'give' a helping hand to the halting, and especially to take ladies jound the course who' have not competent cavaliers -at hand. Ladies .and children are admitted free in the morning, the charge for men at all times, 'of the .day is one shilling,- which, sum is; also demanded ? for. the hire of skates. Skaters may not take their own rollers: I believe that the rink will be a . success ; already it is largely patronised, and thei mnsical roll of the wheels on the resound ing flooring is very pleasant to hear.; The best skaters are- Americans. Rinking has died pnt as a fashion in this country for 15 years, and it is donbtful} whether it can Be revived. The;:; American girls gliding along lobk:chanriing. -The season is to October 81,- so the- Australian 'young ladies had best hurry up to -show us if they can rival their Yankee cousins. '?'' The Stock Exchange, after being; down in the dumps for months, has -.had a fit of activity, and brokers are earning lots of commission, and are in. high fettle accord ingly. ' The rise 'in the price of silver, caused by the determination bf the United Slates Government 'to .buy' thaU'metal,' caused the first spring, arid ever since' that start things have been booming.' Ameri-! can Railways, Mexican, Canadian, ;arid Indian securities have aH gone ''up ? with a rush, and everybody is; pleased — except to Bears, and they are so merciless them selves when they ' command the market that nobody has any pity'for them.: 