S- ---- -- Al \-- lAt it r or ,pa to ca fic 'IRT'17 YEARS OF COLONIAel a GOVERNMENT. Thirty Yeart of olonial Government. A Selection S from the Despatches and Letters of the Right E Honournble Sir Georgoe Feguson Ilowen, (Longman, Green, and Co. 3Es.) ar THERE are few books that (ive a greater of insight into the practical administration of w our colonies than the selection from Sir id George owen's letters and diespatches ki which Mr. Stanley Lane- Poole has edited tli under the title of "Thirty Years of Colonial in Government." During that period Sir Ut George Bowen administered with marked m success most of the chief dependencies of Jt the Crown, including Queensland, New 01 Zealapd, Victoria, Mauritius, and Hong aI Kong. The two volumes before us contain liL a valuable record of his work in each of these colonies, and of the problems with C which lie had to deal. The principle on W which he uniformly acted, and which was gi one of the chief causes of his success, was It to regard himself, on the one hand, as the so pecial guardian of Imperial interests, and, " on the other, to defer to the utmost to the It wishes of the colonists in matters of purely G local concern. it It was in 1859 that he was appointed the II first Governor of Queensland, and called P upon to organise constitutional government t in the colony. He had previously held an si appointment in the Ionian Islands, then to under British protection, and had travelled L widely in Greece, engaged in the congenial task of compiling Murray's "IIanlbook" for that interesting country. Modern Greeks, lie once explained to Lord Palmer ston, pronounce the words meaning "we," at and "you" inl precisely the same manner. In "Ah, they confound 'we' and 'you' do p1 they?" said Palmerston. "I fear that is SE not the only way in which modern Greeks s, confound ' inum' and ' tuuim.'" The fol- y lowing extract contains an interesting description of it QiEENsr.AxD IN 1859. ti "I shall ride about thirty miles every day, and shall be comfortably lodged at L night in the houses of the prnncipal 'squatters,' or pastoral settlers, whose stations average that distance from each cl other. These gentlemen live in a patri- in archial style among their immense flocks ii and herds, amusing themselves with hunt- Ii ing, shooting, fishing, andl the exercise of a i plentiful hospitality. I have often thought r; (especially in reading Thackeray's novel, ji r Tie Virginiatns') that the Queensland t gentleman-squatters hear a similar relation \ to the other Australians that the Virginian c planters of a hundred years back bore to n the other Americans. q "But there is a perfectly distinct class of t people ill the towns. Brisbane, my present ii capital, must resemble what Boston and the y other Puritan towns of New England were o at the close of tire lust century. In a lpopu- v lation of 7,000 we have fourteen churches, t thirteen public-houses, twelve policemen. It The leading inhahifants of Brisbaneo are bard-hendeil set of English and Scotch t merchants and mechanics-very orderly, h industliouns, and prosperous." The Q(ueenls?u l of those dtays was almost I entirely a Ipastoral country, and Sir George t Bowen tells an amusing story gbgut one of the principal squatterm. A SEcoND Jon. "A successful Qneenslander, who became hi a member of the louise of Commons, where he supported Lord Palmerston, was invited J to one of the political receptions of Lady a Waldegrave at Strawberry Hill, That a accomplished hostess prided herself on her g information about her guests; and on the arrival of the gentleman referred to, site is f, said to lhae gr(ootll hinm with, Oh, Sir. - , I am very glad to ea i"oU, I hear tliat you have as manny sheep1 and cailt as thePatri- ti archs-that, in short, you are a r?co;ul iJo,' io lHer guest replied: '1 lope, Lady Waldte- t grave, jyo: do not mean to eomnpare me to Jobt, wi,: as we learn from the Bible, had only 5,000 sheep, wheri~ I have 300,000. ,Job was a mere Efriu?y-barlker, It thould 0o be explained that young settlers, on begin: nitg oltv?!,p-farming in the interior, with only Irolit jl000 to 10,000 sheep, cannot gdineryly hffor i: lbifld at first houses of wood or stone; aqd are ftbliged for some time to content themselves wit?L e mfort table huts litntehl from the bark of the so called "striugv-hibar" i ulcalyptus. So they were often known to !ha grait squatters by the sobrliqttet of 'stringy.-lhrarher.' In thoso days they played wihist in the wilds for ./teip points anud a bullock on the ruiher. From Queensland Sir (ieorge was sent to New Zealand, thin in the throes of tile MIaori troubles, which he largely succeeded in assuaging dilring his government. Like most of those who have come in contact with them, Sir George was full of appre ciation for the fine qualt ljes of the tMaiori race. The following story is bher gi)en at s first hand: A STRANG:E CONVEiSION. f "Among th!r loyal hMaori chiefs invited t to meet thilkeDuke of Ehijnburgh was-one of f the original signers of tile Trgaty of Wai- i tangi in 1-'10. and who had ever since been c a firm friend of tlhe English. One of Shlp j Anglicatn Iishops afterwards said to the a Guittri!or, 'Do you know, sir, the antece dente oif thft old heathen?' 'NSo, my clear Bishop,' wa thep reply, 'but I do know that he B lnutterght five tlltlIdred of his clans men into the field to flght fur tlip Queen, so I invited himt to meet the Il Queents so."' 'Well,' potinled tile Bishop, ' when I first I arrived in ^tesv Zahland, that chief came to me and said that l?i wished to be bacetised. I knew that I he had Lt'. wives, so I tolt him that lhe must tst irt tersantai one of them t to rlpturn to her famnily lie sidt hle feared t that woaul blie diflcukt, bit thri.t Ile wotd-ql see lwhat crucld be done, and coine backl tb I me in two nontls, Ilhen lihe returited, he ti excltimedt, 'Sow missillnary, you mnay I b:hptise ie, for I have only ,one wife,' I asked, ' What lhave tou done withl our deal ' sister, your first wife'?' HIe rcplied,lntacrk ing his lips, ' I hare cfaten her '" ln 1873 Sir George w-as promoted to Victoria, wlhre lie remained until 1875, when his termn expired, asd bie was assigned tile governmcent of amurititr, te only Vacancy at the time. Compared toith Asitialhti, lhtre was quite an air of anti ijAlty abouit thie 'id French colony in wllichl -P'iil arid Virginia 11ad !irpl and loved. LAonornDoNtAIs' GIIosT. "Tha Austrailasian Colonies are too young for ghosts, b)ut here we lhave a hauntei clunmber, where Iti great Labourdlonnais, the famnous iFrenlch Gobern.o; of Mauritius, is bIelieveld hI- tlte l'Frenelh creoles to wnallk nighlltly. We put a highl civil functionary there, but hlie tlcelared that le heard strangt noises, atnl nothing would indluce him to occuly the room again. IHowever. , next week th!le English admiral of thile station arrivted Wit!l his squadron, and when we asked hinm if I'e would I have tile hlauntedl chamlber, the hrl ' spare room in thIe house, lie saidl, 'I a;m iafraid of no Frenclhman, dead or alive'; and I lhe neithler hIearld nor saw a ghost during I the month he spent with us. It is true that lie was sulpported by his Flag Captain in thie room on liais right, andti by his Flag Lieutenant in the room on lhis left. Then, too,u trange noise is often heard iL nilil at tile tJum of full moon, as of a carriage driving by the Cihhteau; andI some creoles declared tltey had seun Labourdonnais pas sing by in his coach and tix horses, witlh liis escort and lacqueys-all skeletona in the uniform of the age of Louis XV. Itathel suspecting some trick, the aides-de-eamp of a former ioverosr pgt up withl their swords and a bottle of iced chliampagne on the table; and when they heard trlp strange noise approachling, they tinrad ouit tue guard withl loaded rifie.s and fixed bayonets, and all sullied forth--to nse a grandt herd of wild stags from the neighbouriiig Ipoun tains tossing their antlers in tie brightL tropical moonlight." HIong-Kong was tile last of tour depen dencies over whiich Sir George Bowen was called upon to preside. During the years lie spent there hlie took occasion to visit both China and Japan. TBE ALTAR OF TItE SeN. "There are some grand Buddhist temples at I'ekl:ing; ibut the most interesting olbject there is tlhe famous 'Altar of Jjoaypn, where, for at least three thousand years, tle Emperors of China, tlhe lords of one-fou'rth of thile hInlan race, have once a year offered a burnt sacrifice to the One God of Heaven-with rites like those observed by Ahbrahai in the. wilderness. This is the Holy of Holies of China, and. admission to it is a rare honour.. The last permission given, before my visit, was to General Grant. Imagine one corner of the vastcity occupied by a walled park as large as Hyde park, and with groves of immemorial trees, beneath which roam the sacred cattle reserved for the Imperial sacri fices; and in the middle of this park a collosal structure of white marble, rising on terraces with broad flights of stairs, and culminating in a grand, simple 'altar of burnt offerngs;' on which the Emperor of China, annually, at the winter solstice-as the sun rises over the eastward amphitheatre of snow-capped mountains offers for himself and his people his solemn worship to the One God. There are no idols or idolatrous rites. It is not generally known in Europe that the Court religion the only ' established' religion (so to speak) in China-is still monotheistic, far older than any of the idolatrous cults. A China man may be a Confucian or a Buddhist, just as an Englishman may be a Wesleyan or a Pomanist. But, as I have said, these are not 'established' religions in the Eng lish sense." In his brief interrvals ~f holiday Sir George managed to see a goaI deal of Italy, where, he tells us, Mr. Gladstone is re garded as the chief foreign founder of Italian nationality, and with. almost the same sort of affectionate veneration as that with which theAmericans regard Lafayette. It is worthy of note that the result of Sir George Bowen's colonial experiencees has been to make him an ardent supporter of Imperial Federation. Mr. Stanley Lane Poole has very adequately performed his task, and has given us the record of a singularly well-filled and useful career in two volumes of more than usual interest. Literary If orld. 