The Church Missionary Society in India. SUNDAY SERVICES AT ST. MARY'S. The Rev. John Cain and his wife, who are mis- sionaries from India, stationed on tho Godavery River, in the presidency and diocese of Madras, visited West Maitland for the purpose of preaching and speaking on behalf of the Church Missionary Society by which they are employed. Mr. Cain preached at St. Mary's on Sunday last at both morning and evening services. In the morning his sermon was founded on Matthew xxviii., 19, 20, " Go ye therefore and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost : teaching them to observe all things whatsoever I have commanded you, and lo, I am with you always, even unto the end of the world. Amen." The preacher dwelt upon the duty laid upon the Christian Church to obey her Lord's com- mand, and speke of the claims of India, which contains a qnarter of the world's population. The English Government had done much for the material and moral advancement of India, but the Gospel is needed to give Spiritual life and fibre. He gave a remarkable instance of an illiterate low caBte man being led to a knowledge of the truth, and there being now 8,000 adherents of the Christian faith (more or less), the direct result of this one man's conversion. In the evening Mr. Cain took as his text, John iii., 16,17,-"For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son that whosoever believeth in Him should not perish, but have everlasting life j" and, in the course of his sermon, spoke of God's sacrifice to redeem the world, and urged his hearers to be co workers with God in telling of His love. He dwelt upon the terribly enervating effect on the mind and character of the Hindoos of the doctrine of Karma or fate, and showed the need of the Gospel to deliver India from that bondage. In the afternoon Mr. and Urs. Cain addressed the Sunday School ehildren, of whom there waB an attendance of 830, beside many visitors. Mr. Cain exhibited several views in India, and Mrs. Cain greatly interested the children by many pleasing anecdotes and description of her work in the schools in India. 