A PEE XAR Er. :The tralmeanal of the wa er "ar," inits commeejal seses, b ia "freM market." In ether words,a"fair" mireatwbl il andery mayg: chase; o ant without beinga sabjeteaijto feraet, and also who allandlevery eanseln with out any such disabilities a attach to ordinary makets. Atone me the fairs in England were great fatures in the social and induitrial life of. the people;- but, sins the establishment of railways, aad the quicker tnt'o oamunistoa whichhau reulted, these fairs have rettyr wenlidied ont,amatterperhaps for regret, in some respects, but inevitable under thl r anged oondit "s of the national life. Here n Australia fairs are unkown. sdeed verylittle of the old fashioned methods obta inL these fast g--beaeolonies. Life is not so slow and letharuic as in Erope, and business ia done With a movement lnd force to whihb, ven in this day, few provincial folk In the old ouitry are acc med, Thi'hOwever. Sa eneety, following upon our flier and saoespteperous condition, as well asthesisteni energies and intelligen of the last half centi?y. nife, too, tho6gh lo"ger in its average than our woathy forefathers enjoyed. Is ill too abnst for rlowor epmbrous methoda; and the art iow La iought in all directions tondm io nr. horem asr oo years ago was aeromplshed in a week. This, however, in not a matter for. marel If we live at higher e smetae, we obtai higher rewards than the 'ld folk -mld possibly earn. The avenge earnng apaity, and therefore of expenditure, it' a huared foldgreater, and is more equally disirbtited tha in those "good old days" which sentimentalists are continuallyregretting-people,bytheway,who are of aismi r sapless constitution to that of Lord Manners who wrote: " Let scence; learning,oats and eommerce die, But giveus hack our ownnoblity." People nowadays have money thgspend, and as educa tionandas higherintelligencehaveitaught themlowto spend it wisely, we find great establishments, such as For and GMibso's, of Smith street, Oofingwood springing into existence, whose purpose it is to supply to a well- todo population, the comforts, ahq necessaries, the elegancies and refinements of home life. Here we pause to make a corrnection. We have said that fairs are unknown in Australia. We are wrong. At this present moment, the mrs we have mentioned, Messrs. Foy and Gibson, are etcondncting a; gigintic; sair,i t and to usesi graphie, though perhaps somewhat vulgar, expression, "it is a sight to do sore eyes good." Any theatrical managerawho mayhappen past Messrs. Foy and Gibson's great shps during therday must, indeed, have a large and'generous mind if he forbear from- a sirh of envy as he notes the throng and press of people intoand out of those places, All moved by thedon.e npulse-anl?tager desire to vailthemselveos ofthea.vantages oferedby Foy and Gibson to prchasers during their great Fair. To the benevolent it not give pleasure to reflectthatat least90per cent. of these crowds are rendered happier by their attendance at this Fair. The young wife who has bearme posseesed of one of those elegant mantles, of which such numbers of surpasing beauty and race are exhibited, eill have a sweetertemper and more contented spirit than has hitherto ruled her. The matron who has seeured one of those splendid Brussels carpets at 4s.6d. per yard will feel a greater pride than ever in her home. The country gietleman who bas prr chased his suite, of furniture for the home t which he shall presently conduct his bride, is lled with a sense of importance and ?eepoaoibility, to whichhitherto, dursing his hitleaseloven lybarheli days, he has been an utter stranger. In aord, It is] impossible for a reflecting observer to look on at the eesaeIne influ and out - flx? of visitors to thi shnow to .be iama to the circumstance that theeeasol serve a higher purpose than perhas evereteired into the orlndera tions of the originator themselves. We do nots aup pose that MeIers. Foy and Gibesoe, whe contemplat ing the establishmet of these fairs, took into rec oning the philanthropic aspect of the matter. But as a role moral good follows upon all honourable en terprise, and Mmesrs. For and Gibson when they reckontheir profits, may, if theyplease, add to them the important, though intangible balance in creased popular contentment. There is another lessontolearnfromthese fairs,and that is, that in the hands of capable men, no aofaie however intricate or eomplicated, are beyond the influence of method. The rules by which this great establishment is governed, are evenas the laws of the Modes and Persians. A fixed system-result of: long experience-snd large business ex perience, controls every detail of the busl ness, so that matters go on like machinery, and to our mind, with much of the throb and pulse of the steam engmine. Some idenmay be formed by those who have never visited Foy and Gibson's premises of their sire when we inform them that the frontage extends 220ft. to Smith street, and that there is a depth to Little Oxford street of 200it. The grea show rooms, £11t' with thLeostliese of feminine raiment are enormous apartments. We wonder if ghosts of departed belles assemble hereo' nights and, midst dainty silks and velvets, and laces, and other bewildering matters, taste again dome slight flavour of the delightlwhich once modd them in the flesh. We do not believe in ghosts, but, as we have Mr. Shahespeare' asthority that there are more things in heaven and carth thin are dreamt of in our philosophy, it miyhbe onthe ards that ghosts of de auted fair ones do revisit these smenes of Ort delights and mingle in spiritual sympathy with the sobstantial throng at Foy and Gibson's Fairs. People-ladies in particular-who want a new sensation, osght to spend an hoor or two at Foy and Gibson's Fair; and if they, having done so, do not eiperience a sensotion as of one who has beheld anew revelation, all we ean say is that they must be very blast and played out. For such people there is but one resoiree-patent- mcdicines.-[ADnv.1 