A Lublin Hamlet. " I am av tho opinion as Polonius whin he tald, 'Don't fight wid ivry souts for the pure joy av fightin', but if you do, kuook tbe no-e aft him first un' frcquint.' " " What do you know about Polonius," I demanded. 1 bis was a now side of Mulvanoy a oharaoter. " All that ShakoBpearo iver wrote an' n dulo more than the gallery shouted. Did I not tell you av Bilver'e theatre In Dublin, whin I won younger thsn I am now, an' u patron of the drama ? Ould Silver wud nover pay aotor man or woman their just duoB, an' by oonsequinoo his aompinies was oollapslblo at tho laet mrnut'. Tbin the hboys wud olamor to tako a part, au' oft us not ould Silver made thim pay for the fun. Faith, I've seen Hamlut played with a new blaok eye an' the queen as full as a oornu- ocpia, I remimbor wasn't Hogin, that 'listed In the Blaok Tyrone, an' was shot in South Atrioa, ho sojuood ould Silver into girin' him Hamlut's part instid av me that had fine fauoy for rhetoric in those days. Av couiso I wint into the gallery an' began to fill tho pit wid other pooplo's hats, an' I passed the time av day to Hogiu walk- in' through Denmark like a hamstrung mule wid a pall on his back. ' Hamlut,' eez I, ' there's a hole in your heel. Pull up your sbtcokin's, Hamlut, sszl.' 'Hamlut, Huinlut, for tho lovo av duoinoy dhrop that skull au' pnll up yonr shtookin's.' The wholo house begun to toll him that. Ho ebtoppel his sililu- quishms mld-betwoen. 'My shtaokiu's may be oom'n' down or they may not,' eoz he, soraw- iu' his eyes into the gallery, for well he knew who I was. ' Bat afther this performlnoe Is over, mo an' the ghost '11 kuook the head av you, Terence.' Eyah 1 Those days, those dsj-B. Did you iver have onendin' divllmont on notbin' at all in all your wholu blissed life to pay, eorrP" "Nover, without having to pay," I sold. " That's thrue 1 ' lis mano whon you oou- eidher ou it ; but it's sumo wid horse or fut. A htudacho if you drink, an' a bolly-aoho if you ate too muoh, an' a boartaobo to kape all down. Faith, the boost anlv gets the oollo, an' he's tho luoky man."— Rudyurd Kipling. Sunday school teaohor : " Miss Fanny, what tie wo to learn from tho parable of tbo wise and foolish virgins?" Miss Fanny (aged 10 years) : " That wo are always to be oa the lookout for the oomfng of the bridegroom." Jane (coming up the stairs) to missus : "I should feel extremely obliged, marm, if you would do me a little favour." Missus: «Voll, Jane, what is it P" " I hardly know what to s-iy, msrm." " Well, of course, I can't comply until I know." ; " Well, marm, my young man . is at the back - door, . and I thought, perhaps, you would be so very klud as to apeak with him for a few minutes while I run upstairs and make myself presentable." - 