STORIES FROM THE BUSH. No. I.--TE DEAD JIIDEt. By WA rrrLEBLossoM. We were sta'ing at one of the most pin turesque watering-places in this colony, and while on an excursion to one of the numerous lions of the locality, "foregathered" with' two surveyors who had first seen the plane in its primitive state, and who had, in fact, helped to survey its not yet very well developed roads. In the evening we strolled out on the pier at that fittest of fll times " Twixt the gloam ing and the mark," while the sea shone pale and mysterious beneath us. It had been a roasting hot day ; but now, with the breeze off the sea and the damp briny feel (which, for want of a better name, I call sea-dew). we felt chilly enough. Suddenly Surveyor No. 1 said, "This seaweed smell is sugges tive of gh-sts." " Why?" asked someone. " Well,' he said, "it's well known that ghosts are generally a compound of water salt water by preference-and dead bodies." "But there are no dead bodies about, are there ?" hastily inquired a lady. "Not that I know of," said the surveyor, cheerfully, " but let's take a seat and I will spin you a yarn which illustrates the theory." We sat down, and he told us a story, the details of which I've quite forgotten, exoept that it had somnething to do with a church yard by the sea, and was sufficiently improes sive at the time, besides proving his theory to his own satisfaction. But once start s* fascinating a subject with surroundings so in accord, and it will not languish, but acquire momentusm as far as it goes on, like the stone rolled from the hill. " I know a true story," said one of the ladies, "which had some conneotion with relations of my own." "That is a sufficient guarantee," said one of her companions in a peculiar tone, while another remarked, "Ex cuse my smiling." Dut the lady, being en couraged to proceed, began-" Many years ago my uncle and aunt spent a winter in the south of France. The railways wore not so numerous or well managed as they are now, and the most popular way of getting to and from England was by sea. Well, I daresay you have all heard of the wreck of the Garonne. She was crowded with passen gers going home for the summer. Myunelehad taken a cabin, but being a very kind-hearted man gave it up at the last moment to an old gentleman whose life was despaired of, and whose only wish was to reach home to die. This small act of kindness saved the lives of my relations. Among the passengers was a delicate girl, the daughter of a widow, who had been sent abroad for her health. Her mother in England, knowing she was with friends, and also believing that my uncle and aunt were on board, felt no anxiety about her, but was looking forward eagerly to her return. On the night of the wreck she was :awakened by a sudden light in her room, and, looking up, she saw her daughter, clothed in white, standing before her. " Mother," she said, "the ship is a wreck, everything is lost, and I have saved only this," touching her robe. " What is it?" asked her mnother feebly. "It is the robe of Christ's righteousnoss," said the girl; and gently the vision faded away, leaving the mnotheor alone with her grief. Next day, when their old clergyman and family friend ameo in great distress to break the news, the widow said, " I know it all, but in the midst of my sorrow I have the unspeakable comfort of knowing that ma daughter is ' not dead but gone before.' There was a pause. It had grown darker, and some of us were shivering slightly, when Surveyor No. 2 (I have to number them, for thouglh they were pleasant companions, I have eompletely forgotten their names) knocked the ashes out of his unromantic pipe, and said, quietly, " I will tell you what 1 once saw in Queensland." " We were camped fur, very far, out in the bush, scores of miles front thile nearest out stations. One night, as we sat rather late over the camp fire, we were startled by the clatter of a horse's hoofs in tile distance, as it were galloping mladly. It canme nearer, and a sudden sort of fear got hold of uss. We jumped up, and tried to scatter the embers of our tire, but we were too late, and in another monment a horse galloped into the circle, and stopped short. There was a rider on his back ; but why was he bending so low, as if in ironieal salutation l And why was -his face of so strange a hlue? Dead ! Yes, stone dead. It was a corpse that sat that horse, and its mystery was never solved; for, though after decently burying him, we mnade many inquiries, neither at a station, town oship, nor bush shanty did we ever hear of missing man and horse answering to the description of those two who took that ghastly ride together." After a while " That is nota ghost story," said Surveyor No. 1. " It's a true story," re torted the other. But we were all shuddering. The "murk" had tal:en the place of the "g loaming," and with one accord we turned our backs on the sea, and went in to the mlusic ilnd lights. 