An Ocean Tragedy, By Y\ CLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER XVI. — continued. WE SIGHT A SCHOONER- YACIIT. "Skk tJiat cuqiosant, »ir?" rumbled Linn out of the daikncsa. "Yen- well, indeed," 1 nnawcrcd. "Linn has explained," I continued ; "that liuht is >\li;»t sailors call a corpusaiU — fcome! iiuus compi'frRant. If we were Call i' ilica of the Columbian period m e hliould tumbledown upon our knees and f.ooiir it with a litany or oblige it with a h \ 'mi ; but being bleak-minded Protestant all that we can do is to wonder how the deuce it happens to bo burning on such a niL'ht ;\s this, for 1 have seen scores of th.i -r 1 1 'Tpns'ints in my tinie, but always i uhi r in dead calms or in galea of wind. But -.h Li. it is, Miss Jennings, an atuio- s; !;i ; io exhalation as commonplace as J :/i kT, harmless as the glow-won/i, tie i : 1 1 in its way one of the most poetic of "hi ocean's hundred suggestions; for 'that nivstic lamp, "hose irnulia- j t i"ii blends t lie \ ast spirit, shape m itli the pi and blinds the Bight to it, though l'\ Matching with a little loving coaxing 1 i I Mury "Me should be able after a tut to retell a glimpse "f a pair of large sorrowful cu.s or the outline of sonic wan giant (ace." "It is gone," she exclaimed with a shudder. "Hii-dil" I exclaimed, "we may hear tii i nailing of pinions by listening." t-i:o eiuui viitli .a hysterical laugh. Suddenly the light glanced and then I1 mud at the furetopir.ast head, where r. threw out, though very palely, the form f the lookout man on the tupgalhmtvard, \\\ lmse just ui e sIium ed him to be crouching n .ih his arm over his eyes. "1 dare say that poor devil up there," I i x elaii ued . " full v believes the fire-bubble t- l.e a man's ghnht." "It is a . startling thing to see," ex- j "Rut Colonials are ton young as aj >C"ple to be supiut- tjtiuutj,'' said I. "It i only ne of the old cour.trv, \ uii know, I m uh our mottled grniiui s- - " 1 "What is the horn. Mr. Mur.snn?" "I Bay, thai Us. aic you on deck?" diuuti-d Y lltnd from I ho cumpaniou "A_v; hero 1 am with Miss Jennings. V ti-.t's tin. time, Wilfrid, d'ye know ? " As 1 spoke tun silver chiiucs, and then third, came floating and ringing from the forecastle— three bells, half-past nine. "vice that corposant?" bawled AN'ii- frnl ; and he came groping uji to ub. " -U' omen, bv GcorgeJ " lie cried M'ilh l--i u?ti, mark me, that flame isn't shiu- it):.- b ir in. tiling. 'Tis a .signal light fired by imtunc to advise us of some great i-nt at hand." " Quarterdeck tlierc 1 " came down the voice of the lookout man, falling from Bail t' s.ul, us it seemed in an echo that made the imt'crioufi flame a wild thing to the imagination for a moment by its coining , dn ect from it. i " Hallo I " roared Linn. I " Can 1 lay down till this here blasted J hht b burnt out ? 'Tuiii't right to be nil i alone w ith it up here." I " It is burnt out," cried Finn in a May I Mhivii hlioMed lie sympathised M'ith tlio I felluiv. hi fact, as the Bailor called the j lylit vanished, and, though we stood I looking uuhile M'aiting for its reappear- i ance, we saw no more of it. I J hat ocean corpse candle had aliono at the right moment. Likely enough I j should have made myself a bit merry over I t'B' tender and beautiful companion's fears | in revenge for her pouting, pettish wonder- 1 rnent at the uneasiness which the myste rious voices had raised in inc. But Wil frid remained with us for the rest of tlio evening, and, as I was anxious that he should know nothing about the strange sound, I forbore all raillery. It was mid night when we went to bed. Our Ulk hid been very sober, indeed somewhat philosophical in its way, with its refe rences to electrical phenomena. Wilfrid ? tWted with excitement, wiiich lie m- i rinsed by two or three fuming glaascs of and spirit. He told us a wild 8U)0'of a ship that he was on board of B_,sufctohcrc down ofl' tlio New Zealand cntut, ploughing through an ocean of fire 1 a pitch-black night with a gale of wind uwnig and a school of whales keening e 0 rushing fabric, snouting 451 leather-like fountains of bumiug ieT finned througli it. Ho ,1,. ko a man reciting a dream or vhieringan imagination, aud there was o passion in his speech duo to excitement old cognac, along with a glow in liia peering oyes and a play of flush od cut urea that persuaded mo of a very do- Jf/iod mood of craxiness passing over his Mind. Ilis fancy soomoa to Mot in the roaring fiory scene he figured ; the ship J'lunging into hollowB, which flashod about her bows like volcanic vomitings of flame, the heavens above black as soot, the ocoan waving like sheet lightning to its confines, and the huge body of the whales crushing the toM-ering surges as tlicy rolled head long through them into a moon-like bril liance, flinging on high their delicate emerald-green sparkling spouts of Mater, 1 winch floated comct-like over tlicm against the midnight of the lieavenB. On eight, bells sir iking wo went to bed. All was quiet on deck ; a pleasant breeze blowing under the hovering prisms and crystals of the firmament, tiie yacht lean ing over in a pale shadow in the dusk and seething pleasantly along Mitli a noise rising up from round alxiut her like the rippling of a flag in the summer breeze. 2 fell asleep and slept soundly, and ivhen 1 awoke it Mas to the heating of some body's knuckle upon my cabin door. The day had broken, and rny first glance going to the scuttle, 1 spied through the thick glass of it a windy sunrise with Emoky crimson flakes and a tmtof tarnished pink "Halhi! Hallo there! Who's that knocking l " "'lis me, sir, Capt'n Finn. Can 2 have a word with your honour ? " ex claimed the skipper, who had subdued his \ nice l" a note that vas alarming with its sucm Minn r if physical effort. | "V,.uie in, Finn. What is it now ? " i The handle was turned, and the captain enteied cap in baud. He closed the door carefully and instantly Raid, " .Surry to di>turby"U. sir, hut baste me for an old duckling, Mr. Monson, if I don't believe the Shark to be in sight. 11 " If hatf " I shunted, pitting 1k>H up right iiiul flinging niv legs u> er the edge of the bunk. He glanced at the door, looking an inti mation to me to make no noise. "I thought I'd consult with 'ec first, sir, before leporting to Sir Wilfiid." "Is .she m sight from the deck ? " "Nn, sir." "Have you m en her >" "A', Mr. Muntiiii, I'm just of!" t lie t'gallani vard, where Lie been inspecting her cicr since the was first reported, anil that'll be draw mg uii for five-and-tM eiily " Ihit'she i s 1 1 u 1 1 down ?" j " Yes, sir, and still a schooner yacht at j that,1 said he emphatically. "Mind, l| don't say she is tin: Sluu):. All I want, to . report is a schooner with a yacht't canvaB i — not American cotton. Nn, tir, canvas like ciuni, notlien square furrards, and tailing well she hioks." 1 " How lieading 7 " " Y liy to the south ard and wet-third as we are. 2 'in iri vuiir hands, sir. It'll be ; a fearful excitement fur bir Y ilfnd and a 1 terrible blow if it's another vessel." "Oil, but you have to give him the news, hapjien m hat m ill. Y ait, however, I till 1 have had a look will \ou 7 1 shall 1 be with ynu in a minute or two." He left, the berth, and in red-hot haste iiiul with a heart beating x\ itli excitement 1 plunged into niv clothes and ran on deck, posting softly, however, through the cabin; for, though 1 know nut why it should lie, yet 1 have observed that at sea there is something almost electrical in a time full of startling significance like this, an influence that, act aa softly aud be as hushed us you may, will yet arouse sleep ing peoj'tlo and bring them about you in a dreaming way, vondcnng what on earth has happened, l'ale and windy as tlio sunrise was, there was dazzle enough in the sunring luminary to stagger my sight on my first emergence. 1 stepped clear of the companion and stood whilst 1 fetched a few breaths gazing round inc. The sea was a dull, freckled blue with astrugghng hwell underrunning it athwart the course of the wind us though the coming breeze , was to bo Bought northwards. The liori- ; zon astcm was ghxmiy and vague in the 1 sliadow of a Hng bank of clouds, a heap , of sullen terraces of vapour lismg from J flint to saffron and then to a faint w ct rose where the ragged sky line of the compac ted body caught tlio eastern colour. All was clear water, turn whero the pazo would, On the topgallantyard tlie fellow on the lookout lay over tiie spar w ith a telescope at his oyo ; his figure, he it swung through the misty radiance against the pale blue of tlie morning sky that south east looked to be kindling into whiteness, was motionless with the mtentnesa of his Stare. If what the tubes were revealing to him was tlio »S7imb, then, as he had been the first to sight her, that glittering heavy five-guinea piece nailed to the mainmast was his. It was as much the i thought of this reward going from them I as curiosity that laid sent the watch on j deck aloft too to have a look. The last of , them was coming down hand over hand as I 1 went forward. Discipline was forgotten j in tJio excitement of bucIi a moment as ; this, and swabs and squiligees had been flung down w ithout a word of rebuke from Culbill whose business it was to superin tend the waaliing of tho docks. I sprung into the foreslirouds, and w as piusentiy alongside the lookout fellow. " Gii o rue hold of that glass," said 1. To the naked eye up here the aail hung trans- I«irently visible ujion the odgo of tiio ana, a point of lustrous wliito like the head of a marble obelisk lustrous with the silver of sunrise. But the telescope made a deal tuore of that daah of light than this. I | threw a leg over the yard, steadied the 1 glass against the mast, and instamlv wit , r.esscd the white canvas of what t'or.c' I unquestionably a large schooner- vachi ; risen to lier tail upon the horizon where ' the thin black length of her swam like an eel with Lhe fluctuations of the refractive atmosphere ; but all above w as the Etcadi brilliant whiteness of the cloths of the pleasure ahip mounting from boom to pad' ; a wide and handsome spread with a flight of triangular canvas hovering be tween jihbnuiu and topmast, as though a floek of heafowl were winging pabt iusi there. "Do you know the Mm rh 1 " said I tu ' " I've- seen her once or twice at South- ! hamjiton, sir." j " Js that, the, tlhnk 3-ou 7 " "Ay. faartm as that tliere water's salt. " | "Yell, there'll lc good pickings for j you on the mainmast," said, I handing | him back the glass. I Ilis face Eceiucd to w ither up between i his whiskers to the incredible wrinkles of ; the snub: which shrunk it to the aspect uf ! on old dried apple. 1 got into the rigging i and descended to the deck. The sailors I stared hard at ine as went aft. 2 sup pose they imagined that I was Well ae- j quainted with the b'/enk, and they eyed I my countenance with a solicitude that was 'almost Jiuiuuiuiis. Finn stood Hear the main iigziug pei- spiring witli impatience and anxiety, fanning his long face w itli his cap . iiid onidiJig glances in the direction of the sea, where presently those two idabastei'-hke spues now hidden would be visible. j "Is it the ShmJ., thinker, Bir?" lie I cried m a luealhless wain "My gn><b Linn, how tlic dickens should 1 know '' I know no more of the >7eii/. than of Xoali's Ark. But, seeing I that tin: vessel wa- want is a schooner of j some ! w r, hundred tons of ;i fore and aft j rig bound our way, and a yacht to boot, Mien, it yonder little ilnp Ix. not the chap ! ate m frin l h of, tins meeting with her " J lift w liat 1 tlnnk , sir, " he cried, still i breathless. " Ho vuti mean to siiift your helm lor her f" " She was abeam w lien first sighted, eir. i 1 liavc hrnijo,: Jn-j , ,j ihe bow since then, ss yc can see. But I'll head straight if ye | should think proper, " lie exclaimed with | a look aloft and around, j " (Jli, by ail means go slap for hor, I cajnain 1 " said I. " Tliat you know will Trim s.td t lie watch'" lie baw led out. j The helm was put over ;uid tlie yaelit's I head fell off till you saw- by the line of the (flashing glass through which the fellow aloft continued to peer that the Jiidden j sail had Ixjen brought about two jxnnte j on the lee Iwiv. All was now bustle on \- deck wutli trimming canvas, setting btud- I dingsails, and the like. The dawn had j found us close hauled with the topgallant- sail lifting and every sheet flat ait, and | now we were carrying the wind abaft the beam with a subdued stormy heave of the I yacht over the sulky swell. Indeed, Finn I should have made sail to.tho first shift of I helm ; but the >oor fellow seemed to hnvo I lost his head till he had talked with me, I scarce knowing how to settle his mind as j to the right course to bo instantly adopted I in the face of that unexpected apparition whiJi waj showing like a anow-fluke from I aluft. For my part, I thought, I could j nut better employ the leisure that yet i remained than by prejiannp fur what was I to ciime by a cold brine bath. So down 1 went, telling Linn that 1 would rout out j Sir Y'llfrul as 1 passed tliiough the cabin and give him the news. CHAPTER XVII. ' 1 uem.'un nun into the cabin, walked l straight to the door of Y'llfrid's bertli and 1 knocked. j "Who's there 7 " ' " I, Cliarles. 2 Iiuve news fur you." | " Come in, come in ! " j 1 entered and found NN'ilfrid in his bunk propped up un his elbow, liis eyes looking tw ice their natural size w ith the intensity of Iub stare, nnd one lung uncoutli leg &I-; ready flutig over tlie edge so that his j>os- turo was as if lie hud been suddenly paralysed whilst in the act of springing j on to the deck. ' " What news in the name of heaven 1 Quick, now , like a dear boy ! " " There's a schoonor-yaclit uncommonly i like your »h'/iurk away down on the lee bow visible from aloft." Ho whipped his other leg out of bed and sat bolt upright. 1 had expected some extravagance of behaviour in him on his hearing tliiB, but greatly to my surprise he bat silent in his bunk eyeing me, his brow dork and his lips moving fur several seconds which might have been minutes for Uio time they seemed to run into. " What is to-day, Charles ? " ® Thursday." "Hal It should be Monday. That light lost flight w&s; an omen, as I told j von. I Lncw some grcat orent could not be far off." His eyoa kindled Under their ! quivering lids and an odd smile twisted his mouth into the expression of a sar castic grim It waa as ugly a look in him as I had ever seen, and it gamed heavily in the effect it produced by his compara tively quiet manner. "Wo are heading directly for her, of course 7 " " Finn has her about two points on the Ice bow," said I. " Will that do 7 " he exclaimed. "Why, yes; hold a weather- gauge of the chase, it is said ; though I think we diall be having a northerly blast upon us jofore tlie sun touches his meridian. " " 1h alio the Shark, Cliarles 7 " "You know 1 never saw the vessel, Yilf. But Finn and the chap on tlie yard seem to liavo no doubt of her, and the skipper ought to know anvhow." On thiB lie leapt to tlie deck with a cry uf laughter, and Cuming up to me let fall his hand heavily upon my shoulder with such a grip of it that, spite of my having my coat on, it ached after ho had let go like an attack of rheumatism. "Now what say you 7 " said lie, stooping, for lie nan a taller man than 1, and peering and zrinning close into my face. "You looked upon this chose as a crazy undertaking, didn t you ? . The sea was Buch a mighty circle, Charles ! the biggest ship in tlie vnrM but an insignificant speck upon it, hey 7 " He let go of me and brought Ids hands together, extending and. Blowly beating the air with them, with his body rocking. I awaited some passiunstc outfly, but whether his thoughts were too deep for words ur that he was satisfied to think what at another time he might have .termed out with, he held his peace. | Presently and very suddenly he aban- luncd his singular attitude and fell to -ollecting articles of liis cluthing which he nulled on as though lie would tear them to pieces. " 1 11 be with you un deck immediately," said I, going to the door. But lie did not seem to know that I was present ; all the tune lie strained and dragged at his clutlies he talked to himself rapidly, fiercely ; pausing once to smite hia thigh with his open hand ; fullowing this on Mith a luw, deep laugh, like that of a sleeper dreaming. " Well, thought 1 as I stepped out and went to my berth, whether it prove tlie Shfi7-k or not we shall have to "stand by," as L inn hinted, for some queer displays to-daj-. I met Miss Jennings' maid in the cabin and asked if she was going to tier mistress. She replied yea. "Then," said 1, "give her my compliments and tell her tliat we have raided a large sclicxjiier-yacht during the night, and tliat l'inn seems to think she ib tlie Shark.'' As I entered my berth I caught myself 5imJing over my fancy of the look 'that would come into tlie aweet girl's face when her maid pave her the message ; the brilliant gleam of mingled alarm,' temper, astonishment in her eyes, the sudden flush of her cheek and its paleness afterwards, the consternation in the set of her lips and the agitatiun of her little hands like the fluttering of falling snow- flakes as she dressed. But in goi>d south I too iivi s feeling mightily excited once i more ; 1 had cooled down somewhat since I going on deck ami viewing the distant ' sail from the masthead ; now that 1 was alone and could muse, my pulse rose with | my imaginations till it almost came to niv 1 thinking of myself as on the eve of some 1 desperate and bloody business, boarding I a urate, say, with tho chance of a live ! slow match in his magazine, or cutting I nut something JieaviJy armed and full of, men under a costlc bristling with artd- I lory. Supposing tlie craft to be tlie ' Sh'nk, what was to be the issue? The i liri'fi w ould be recognised ; and Hope- 1 Kennedy was not likely, as 1 might take | it, to let us float alongside of lum if he ; could help it. Suppose we maimed her and compelled her to bring to ; what ' then? 1 had asked Finn this question , lung before, and lie had said it would nut. I come to a hand-to liand struggle. But how I could lie tell? If we offered tu Ixiard I they might threaten to fire into us, and a j single shot, let alone a wounded "r a killed man, might raise bluod enough to i end in as grim an affray as ever British : colours flouted over. Small w under that , my excitement ruse with all these fancies | and speculations. And then, again, sup- ! posing the stranger to be the Shark, there , was (to ine) tlie astonishing coincidence ! of fulling in with her picking her up, indeed, as thuug'h wc hud been steered ! dead into her wake by some spirit hand instead of blundering on her through a 6troke of luck, which had no more re- j ference to Finn's calculations, and sup|x> I sitioiis and hupings, than to tlie indications of tlie nose uf our chaste and gilded figure-head. i Y'hen 1 went on deck 1 spied Y'ilfrid ' coming down tho fore-rigging. He held on very tightly aud felt about with his sprawling feet with uncommon cautious- I noss for the ratlines ere relaxing his i grip of tlie shrouds. Finn was imme diately under him, standing by, perhaps, I wj buuujuei una up li ne blluuitl lUlTi dizzy. They reached the deck and came aft. "She's not yet in eight f rum the cross- trees," exclaimed Y'ilfrid, puffing and irritable from nervousness ami exertion and disappointment, "and 1 can't climb higher." "If she's the Shar).," said 1, "yuu'rc not going to raise her upon the horizon us if she were a beacon. But there's a spread of wings here that sAc can't show anyhow, and it will bo strange if her white plumes are nut nodding above tliat blue edge by "Ay, sir, rumbled Finn, "specially with tliat coming along," jjoinring to tlie North, where the weather looked heavy and smoky and thundcruus with a purple rounding of shadow upon the sea- line and a hot-looking coppenah light flowing off the jagged 6iimuuta into tho dusty blue as though it were Bundown that was re flected there, m liiist the troubled roll of the swell out of the shadow on tlie ocean put a finishing touch to tlio countenance of storm you found spreading astern from north-east to north-west. "There'll be wind enough there, sir," said Finn, keep ing his square-ended stumpy fore-finger levcllod, " to give us w liite water to above our bow ixirts anon, or I'm a codfish." Wilfria turned about and fell to pacing tlie deck ; he atruck out aa though walking for a wager, tossing his legs and swinging his anus and measuring tlie planks from the wheel to very nearly abreast of the galley. Such of the sailors as weiu to windward slided to the other side, where you saiv them exchanging looks though there MSB no want uf respect in their manner, but on the contrary an air of active sympathy as if tdiey were getting to master tlie full meaning of the existence of that sad below tlie horizon by observ ing I iuw the rejKirt of it worked in the baronet. "We inuflt try and raise lier, " muttered Finn in my ear, "if only to jiacify hia honour by tlio eight of her. Ho can't climb, and 2ie'll go out of himself if he don't aeo licreoon." "Butdo you gain on Iiovf'1 "Why, yes, she is risible from the crosB-treea already. But Sir Y'ilfrid can't get so high." Well, thought I, this should surely signify slower heels than the Shark ( is allowed to liave, I 1 went to the taffrail and overhung it, watching the sky astern with an occasional mechanical glance at the wool-white spin of the wake, gushing over the Burface of the jumble of the bwcII like steam from the funnel uf a locomotive. It was blow ing a fresh wind, though I guessed it wuuld slacken away Boon to pipe up in a fresh slant presently. The yacht was a great fabric of cloths, every stitch abroad that would hold air, and she drove through it humming, troubled as kc. was by the irregular heave of the fw. In fact, her movements were so awkward as to render walking inconvenient, and nothing, I believe, but the not knowing what he was about could have furnished Y'ilfrid with his steady shanks that morning. It was like a bit of sleep-walking, indeed, -where a man who awake could nut look uumti furtv feet without desiring tu cast himself out uf a window, Bafcly and exquisitely treads a narrow ledge of roof as high as the top of London Monument. I was startled from my reverie by an exclamation, and turning, sine him hastily approaching Miss Jennings, who had jus't arrived on deck. He cauio to her with his arms extended aB though he would embrace her. " Laurn have you heard 7" " Is it the Shark, Y'ilfrid?" "Finn bays yea. She exactly anaivcrs to tho Shark's description. Hereabouts she should be; tliia ib her track. Yes, yes, it is the Shark. Y ould God it Mere Monday!" Then, seeing ine looking, he bawled: "Eh, Charles, what other ship should she prove? Lore and aft --fore and aft, of the Shark's burthen, an you and Linn say, a schooner, a pleasure craft by the colour of her canvas." His face suddenly darkened, and lie said something to Miss Jennings, but ivhat 1 could nut gather. She half turned aM- ay as if over come by a sudden sense of Bicknesfl or faintnesa; the effect uf some expression of fierce joy, I dare say, on his part, some savage whisper of assurance that his opportunity was not far distant hum which acted upon her nervous system that trembled yet to tlie Buririse uf the neM B I had sent her through her maid. There was something so and and appealing in her beauty just then that hut for tlie ! feelings it possessed me with 1 might I scarcely have suspected whrri a lover's j heart I already carried in n;v breast for her. Hie truubled sweetness of bor glances, her pale cheeks and lips, the sm ift rise and fall of her bosom, betokened consternation and the conflict of many emotions and, aa I could nut but think", a subduing sense of loneliness. Well, I mutt Bay 1 loved her tlie better for this | m cakne.s.4 uf spirit, fur this recoil from i the vonfrrmtment tliat- she had been i endeai ounng to persuade herself she was I looking furward to Willi a longing fur it i only a little less venomous titan Wilfrid's. ! Nothing, I had thought again ami auain, , but the soul of a fond, tender, chaste woman, gentle in mind and of a nature 1 Liveable, uith the best weaknesses of her hex, Could go clad ill nidi gracca us ehc walked in withal trom her topmost curl of i gold to the full, firm, elegant little fuot on which she seemed to float to the buoyant measures of the yacht's deck. I Y'ilfrid addressed her again hurriedly and eagerly M-it.ii the gesticulations of a Jew in a passiun. .She answered suftly, continuously sending scared looks over tlie I yacht's bow. J head him mime his wife W it mm not fur me to join them nor to listen, so I overhung tlie taffrail afresh, uWrring that, even now there m-ils a noticeable m eukeiiing in the weight of tlio wind, m JiiLt the swing of the swell from a little to the westward of north M'as grow ing rnore regular, a longer and fuller heave with an opalescent glance in the vapour liuuicdiately over the sea-line as though the Meather M as clearing past the rim of the ocean. "Mr. Mnnson." I turned. Miss Laura 6tood by my side. Y'ilfrid Imd left the deck. "Is that a esse! that is said to be ahead, of us tlie Shark do you think ? " "1 wish knew positively furyoursakc tliat 1 might relieve your anxiety." "If she should prove to be the vessel that my sister is in"— she drew a long tremulous breath — "it Mill be a inarvcl- 1 u lis meeting, for I feel tioic aa yuu have felt all through— now that that j-acht is in sight from the mast up there- that this ocean is n vast M ilderneBB." She bIumIv ran her eyee, Mhich Merc still charged with their scared look, along tlie eea-lme. " Well, Miss Jennings, hanging and marriage go by destiny they say, and bo docs chasing a wife at sea apparently. 1 give you my word I am so excited I can Bcarcel- talk-" " But it mav not be the Shark." "Why, no. r' " I hope it is not," she cried, starting to tlie rise in her voice m'ith a glance at the helmsman, M-ho stood near us. i i cam bee uiui. in your lace, aaia i. i j " Oh, I hope it is not, and yet I M-ant it | to be the Shark too. Y'ilfrid must recover ' I Henrietta. But it makes my heart stand i still to think of our meeting. Oh, her j bhame ' lier hhame ! and then to find me \- here. And what is to happen ? " I " Best let that craft turn out to be the Sharl. though," said I. "Hero we are 1 M'ith a programme of rumbles that | threatens the world's end if we don't fall I ' in M'ith the colonel. Keep j our heart up," I said 1 gently. " What have you to fear? | It is fur the galled jade to Mince. Y'Jiv, ! j t'other night you Mould have shot Hopc- Kcunedy had lie stood up before you." I Rhc tried to smile, but the movement of ! her lips swiftly faded out into their ex pression of grief and consternation. "1 Mill play my part," she exclaimed, tM'ifatmg lier ring ujxin her finger. "If my sister refuses to leave Colonel Hope- Kennedy 1 have made up my mind not to leave hrr. Y'here she goes I'll go." "I hope not," I interrupted, "for it might conic, Miss Jennings, to my saying that M'hcre you go Til go, and the colonel ! iuav have rather curious views on the sub ject of guesta." "You said you wei too excited to talk," she exclaimed m itli a little colour mounting. " It may he tliat I am stupidly influenced by old memories. 1 M'as alM'avs afraid of Henrietta. .She had an ini>e- rious maimer, and an old lord M'hem I met at your cousin's — I forget his name — told ' Y'ilfrid tliat her eyes made him think of Mrs. Sidduns in lier finest scenes. I fear her influence upon ine when 1 begin to entreat lier. I kiioM- how she will ook." " All thia is mere nervousness," said I. " You thought of these things before, yet yuuare here. Besides, the sense of ivroiig- duing Mill mightily Mcakeu the genius of wizardry in her — her pOMer at least of exercising it and subduing by it— sub duing even you, timtendereat and gentlest of giria ; or depend ont bIig'b no true I member of your bcx, but one of thoao I demon-women whom Coleridge describes | as M ailing for their, or ratlier in her case for tictr. lover." ' She made no rep))'. Shortly afterwards tho breakfast bull summoned us beloM'. Ar table Y'ilfrid spoke little, but his maimer mub collected. Y'hether it muis tliat excitement waa languishing in him or that he had managed to master himself, M'hat he said Mas rational, his m'uixIb and manner unclouded hy that hectic M'fiich M'as M'unt to give the countenance uf a high fever to all he said and did when any thing happened to stir him up. He mtvb stem and thoughtful, and it Mas easy to see that lie accepted the vessel ahead as the Sharl:, aud that, lie was settling his plans. I was heartily grateful for thus posture in him. I never kncM any one so fatiguing with his restlessness as my cousin. Half ari hour of his com pany when lie Mas much excited left one as tired, diy, aud liulluw as a four hours' argument M'ith an illogical man. He was too much preoccupied to notice liuw pale and subdued and scared Miss Laura M as, struggle as she might in Ins presence to seem otherwise. 1 talked v<_ty cautiously I fur fear of provoking a discussion that might heat him. Once lie asked me in an angry tMittnig way, as though to the heave-up M'ithin him ofusuddenminxlof Mrathivith a parcel of M'urds atop which M'ere bound to find the road out, M'hcther I telt disposed H'/ir to challenge his judgment, -whether I Mas still nf ujiiuion tliat the ocean Mas too M'ide a field for such a chase as thLs, and so on, proceeding steaddy hut M'ith rising M-annth through tlie calalugue of my u . . j i \ oijjuuuuiis kj cue \ u\ age ; uui in stead of .answering him I praised tho bit nf virgin coniad beef off which I M'as breakfasting, wmidered M'hy it was that, jioultr- was always insipid at. sea, and so forced him back into his dark and col lected silence or obliged him to quit liis subject. However, liis inability to keep his atteri- tiuu Jong fixed helped me here, for he never attempted to pick up the end of tlie thread 1 had cut, though, little oa he spuke, two-thirds of M'hat he delivered himself of might have been worked into hot arguments but for niv cautiouB I was nut surprised on going on deck to find tlie wind no more than a light draught with the main boom swinging to the. long roll of the yacht and tlie canvas flapping with vicious snaps at sheet and yard-arm. The M'ator Beemed to mhIi thick as oil from tlie yacht's sides, a dirty- blue that went into an oozy sort uf green nortliM'arde. There M'as a deadness in i the lift of the swell that made you think I of an idiot shouldering his way through a I croM'd. and the eve sought in vain for a. , streak of foam for the relief of the crisp > itaiity of it. "Is that vind or thunder, think you, Mr. Crimp ? " said I to the mate, whom I found in cliaige, whilst I pointed to the heaped-up folds of cloud astern, the broM-a or wliich were not far off the central sky that, spite of the sunshine, was blurred to the very luminary himself M'ith the shadoM' in the north and with tatters and curls and streaks of rusty brasaish vapour risen off the line of the main" body aud sulkily floating southwards. " Y'ind or thunder 7" answered Crimp with a dull, indiflerent Jnr»l- ; " 'taluT tutted enough for thunder, but there'll be a breeze, I allow, behind this here swelL" "Are Me rising the chap ahead ? " ; "Not noticeably. She'll have to shift her helium for us for that to happen at this pace," sending an askew glance over the side. 1 M'as leaving him. "Heard any more wuices 7 " he asked. " No, have you 7 " "No, and don't Mant to. It's been a puzzling me, though," lie exclaimed, mumbling over a quid the juice uf which had stained the corners of his mouth into so sour a sneer that no artist could have painted it better. " Tell'ee M'hat it is. I'm agoing to believe in ghosts. " " You can't do better." said I ; " get liuld of a ghost and it will explain every thing fur you. " " Y'ell, 'tain't a childish notion any how. There's first class folks as bolievea in sperrits. Y'hat's a ghost like 7 Ne'er a man as I've asked for'nuK knowa Baring the mute, M'ho describes it aa a houtline." " Y'hat's iuiside his outline ? " I aaked. Y'hy, tliat there Muffin can't get fur ther than that. I says to him, how can a houtline Bpeak 7 Look here, says he, answer me Uiis : Bupposeye takeB a bottle and sucks out all the air from inside of it, m hat's left 7 A vacuum Bays I. And | what's a wocuum ? Bay-fi he. Y'hy, I sayB, I bays f, space, ain't it 7 I says. And m hat's space 7 Bays lie. Y'hy nothen, I suppose, 1 aays, sajH I. Then says ho, bow can nothen exist 7 And yet, saya he, it do exist, because yc can jx>int to the buttle aud Bay there it is. So M'ith a ghost, aays he ; it's a houtline M'itli nutlien inside it if you like, but it'e as real in ita emptiness as the inside of a bottle M-itli notlien in it." At any other time I should have hugely enjoyed an argument M'ith this acrid old : sailor on such a subject as ghosts. There I is no company to my taste to equal tliat oi a sour, prejudiced, ignorant salt or matured years, M'hoso knowledge of life lias been gamed by looking at the world through a ship's hawse pipo, and mIio is full to tlie throat M'itli the sayings and the superstitions of tiie forecastle. Jacob Crimp mos such a uian. Indeed he was the best example of tho kind that I can recollect, thanks, pcrlmps, to the help lie got from His queer sea. eyes, glutinous in appearance aa a jelly-fish, one peering athwart the other M'ith a look of quarrel ing about tiieiu that most happily eorres- jxindcd M'itli the sulky expression of his face and the growl of his voice that m hb like R sea blessing. But it M as im>ossible to think of the schooner ahead and talL- m ith this man about ghost. I left him and got into the fore- shrouds and ascen ded to tiie cross-trees, where, receiving tlio glass from tho felloM- on the yard above, I took a view of tlie eea over tlie bow, and caught plainly the canvas of tlie vessel we M'ere heading for — her mainsail visible to the boom of it with a glimpse of her boMBprit end wriggling off into the dusky blue air at even- rise of her bow to the lift of the SM ell. 1 noticed, however, that bhc had taken in her main gaff top- Bail, possibly M'ith an eye to the weather astern ; but it was a thing to set mo prob- lemising. Supposing her to be the Shark, either she had not yet sighted us or she had no suspicion of us. r idler, her cap tain, would, when we showed fair, be pretty sure to tMig us by our rig ; but was it likely that tlie Colonel and Lady Monsou M ould gravely suppose tliat Y'il frid had started in chase of them ? That, indeed, might depend uj>on M'hcther her ladyship had missed the Colonel's letter to hor, which iny cousin had asked me to read. Y'ell, wo should have to wait & littJe. My heart beat brisklyAs I descen ded to the deck. Put yourself in my pi nee, and think of the sort of excitement that was threatened before that morning sun fihining up there had set J Half an hour later the weak draught had died out ; the rolling "of tho Br.'dt was putting a voice of thunder into her canvas, , . and tho strain on homp and spar presently j i obliged old Crimp to take in his studding- i sails, which he followed on by ordering the topgallant&ail; to be rolled up and the gaff' topsail hauled down. Y'ilfrid, who liad arrived on deck, stood Iiaggardly eyeing these manceuvrei, but lie said nothing, contenting himself M'ith an oc casional look, n h dark as the sliaduw AsteiTi of us, at the weather there, and a fretful stride to the rail and a stormy stare at the sallow oil-smuut!i Mater tliat catue swelling to the counter and washing the length of the little ship in a manner that made her stagger at tunes most abomin ably. ' ' Let that vessel prove M'hat alie mav, " said I, sitting duivn un a gmting abaft the wheel close to which lie Mas standing. " we appeal' to have the heels of her in light airs, however it may be Mitli lier in a breeze uf wind." " Hum- do you knoM' ? " he inquired in a churchyard note. " Y'hy," said 1, " I was just now in the croastrees and found lici .iIiom nig fair from them, whereas before breakfast she Mas only visible fruni the topgallnntvard." He looked at inc villi a heaiy, leaden eye. and said, "A plague on tlie Mind! It has all gone ; just when M'e M'ant it " Y'e shall have a cupful auun," I ex claimed ; no need to whistle for it. Mark how it brightens down upon the sea- line yonder as that shadow floats upMards. That means wind enough to whiten this tumbling oilmess fur us." liL.V.LA.i.1 ULJS ill li UJt.CJliWliC.kl way towards tlie quarter in M'hich J Mas. looking, but said nutlung. Miss Jennings cnmc out of the companion. 1 took her hand and brought her to the grating. "A strange, opprcssh e calm, "she cried ; "how sickly tho sunshine is! Nature looks to be iii a dull a mood as we arc. " " Y'iJf, " said I, "if that schooner is the Shark, M'hat will you do?" " Y liat w ould ynu do ? " he answered stenily, as though he imagined I quizzed him, when God knows I moos in a more Buber and anxious humour than I can ex- press._ " Y ell, " said I, veryquietly and gravely, " when 1 got my yacht within reach of her glasses, if I could manage it, I should signal that I wanted to speak her." "Quite right; that's m hat I shall do." said he. "But after?" I exclaimed, "After M'hat?" he cried. "Y'hy, confound it, Y'ilf, suppose she makes no resjxiuse, holds on all, as we say at se-a, and bowl along without taking the slightest notice of us?" I He annroached me close, laid his rrreat I hand u>on my alioulder and thrust his long arm forth straight aa a handspike pointing to the forecaatlo gun. "There's my answer to that," he cried in my car in a voice as disagreeable as the sound of a saw M'ith irritability; "you wished me to strike it doM'n into the hold, d'ye re member? you M'ere for ridiculing it from tlie moment of your catching sight of it; yet without that messenger to deliver my mind what ansM-er would there be to tho question you have just nbw put? Oh my God," he suddenly cried, smiting his fore head., "1 feel as if I shall go mad !" We «roo«.ji vu Lht otLer&ide; urine deck and paced it alone. Miss Jennings was too much dejected by all this, by the excitement of the time, by nervousness, grief, anxiety, to converse ; nor, indeed, Mas my mood a very sociable ono. I pro cured a chair for her, and presently found myself alone, as Y'ilfrid was, wishing from tho very bottom of my heart that Colonel Hope-Kennedy M as liangod, her ladyship in a lunatic asylum, and mjBclf in my old West End haunt again, though somehow a misgiving a to the accuracy of thia last desire visited mo on a Budden with tie glance I just then hapjnmed to cast at Misa Ixiura, who Bat M'itli her hands folded upon her lap, her head boM-od in a posture of meditation tliat took an indescribable character of pathos from the expression on her sweet face. It was now a little after tea o'clock. Crimp, who m-&s; pacing near me that Y'ilfrid might have the whole rauge of the weather quarterdeck to himself, Guddeniy rumbled out: "Here comes the M'ind at last!" The stern of the yacht wo Btill uj>on the north, M-here, at the very verge of the waters which sluggishly heaved like molten lead under Uie dark canopy of vapour that overhung them, the sea m b roughening and whitening to the M'hipping of wind which looked at tliat distance to be coining along in a straight line, though aa it approached us I M'itiiessed a strange effect of long fibrine feelers ewecping out of the hoarse and rushing ridges of foam M'hich were seeth ing towards ub, like dRrting livid tongues of creatures hidden in the yeafet behind, tipped with froth that made one think of the slender stein of avesael ripping through the surface, fn a few minutes the bdiling nipple was all about us, hissing to our counter M'ith a shriek of Mind which flashed with such spite into the great space of mainsail aud tiie whole spread of square top&ail; tliat the yacht for a moment M'as boM'cd doMU to her ways, fair as it lay bo, then came surging back to an almost level deck with her rigging alive as M'ith tlie ringing of bells, took a Budden plunge forward, tliroM-ing from either bow a masB of creaming sea the suminitof Mhich went spinning like s snowstorm ahead of lier, then gathering impulse in a long, floating, launching plunge as it were, she M'ent sliding through it faster and faster yet till she had a wake like a mill- race in chase of hor. It was a Bcene full of the life and spirit and reality of the ocean after the spell cf sulky calm M'ith it dingy northern heaving of water and it haze of weak, moist sun light in tlio south aud east. Finn to the first of the blast came on deck and fell abaM'ling, the Bailors sprang from rope to rope with lively heartiness, the slack running gear blew out in semi -circles. Mhich with the curve of the canvas ana the loan of the masts as the yacht 8Mept forward with tlie brine boiling high along her, gave a wild, erpoctant, headlong look to tlie M'hole rushing fabric, aomething indeed U) make one fancy that the spirit of her owner, the expression of wtiose face had her own strained, eager, rushing air, so to speak, had passed into and vitalised hor — mere structure of timber as she was — into passionate human yearnings. > (To be continued.) If a mnn ko£ a right to be proud of anv-- tiling, it is of & good action doneas i£»agnt to be, without any bsse interest lurking At tlic bottom of it .. . TnK normal state of fl - of which the other name is hopewSSflft converse, endeavour. It is always ywipg with us, from. the cradle to Ahe.jLJkjriS always that looking For fcomeihigg pmM to come — always that rthing eomething that has to be rmr covetous "man faoajas to <mjoy .tiiem. dteit-%0 starves himself tutnfe cudst most of -that .rfcieh 3s &ds; n&w;&i;&uiB; ktSHJOia: h arf thitt to lrt to poor tod WUSkiUQjrool ; great estate as anytnaatan tekrUKSwlSfd HE CAME TO 1JEH MTTli HIS ARMS EXTENDED AS THOUGH HE WOULD EMDRACE 11EH. 