41 A3^ THIN, WHIN THE TOTITiF. WAS TO BE BILLED, DINAH CAME IN—MY THE Gonrtiiig of Dinah Sliadd By RUDYARD KIPLING. (Omtinued from, No. S3.) " Did I ever tell you how Dinah Shadd -cametobe wife av< mine?" I dissembled a burning anxiety that I had felt for some' months—ever since Dinah Shadd, the strong, the patient, and the infinitely tender, had of ner own | good love and free will washed a shirt for ! me,' moving in abarren land where wash- j ing was not. "I can't Teraember," I said casually. " Was it before or after you made love to I Annie Bragin and got n6 satisfaction 1n ' The story of Annie Bragin is written ih another place. It is one of the many episodes in Mulvaney's chequered career. *' Before—before—longbefore, was that ~ business av Annie Bragin an' the corp'ril's ghost. Never woman was the worse for me whin 1 had married Dinah. There's a time for all things, an' I knew how to kape all things in place—hanin' the ! dhrink, that kapes me in my place wid no hope av comin' to he aught else. " Begin at the beginning,'' d insisted. " Mrs. Mulvaney told me that you I ' married her when you were quartered "in . KrabBokhar barracks." " An' the same is a cess-pit," Baid ' Mulvaney, piously. " She spoke thrne, did Dinah. 'Twas this way. Tallrin' av j that, have ye iver fallen in love, sorr ? " I preserved the silence -of the damned. Mulvaney continued— " Thin I will assume that yehave not. 11 did. In the days av my youth, as I have more than wans't tould yon, I was a man ' that filled the eye an' delighted the sowl j av women. Never man was hated as 11 have bin. Never man was loved as I— no, not within half a day's march av nt! For the first five years av my service, whin j Twas what I wad give my sowl to he new, I tuk whatever was widin my reach an' digested ut—an' that's more than most men can say. Dhrink I tuk, an' ut did me no harm. - By the hollow av hiven, I cud play wid four women at. waust, an' kape them from findin' out anythin' about the other three, an' smile like a full-blown marigold through ut all. Dick Coulhan, av the battery, we'll have down on us to night, could drive his team no better than 1 mine, an' I hild the worser cattle ! An' so I lived, an' so I was happy till afther that business wid Annie Bragin—she that turned me off as cool as a meat-safe, an' taught me wliere I stud in the mind av an honest woman. 'Twas no sweet dose to take. " Afther that I sickened awhile an' tuk thought to my reg'mental work ; conceit ing mesilf I wud study an' be a sargint an' a major-gineral twenty minutes afther | tliat. But on top ov av my ambitious ness there was an empty place in my sowl, an' me own opinion av mesilf cud not fill ut. Sez I to mesilf : ' Terence, you're a ] great man an' the best set up in the reg' hient. Go on an' get promotion.' Sez mesilf to me, * what for 1' Sez I to | mesilf : 'For the glory have ut!' Sez mesilf to me: ' Will that £31 these two strong arrums av yours, Terence ?' 'Go to the devil,' sez I to mesilf. 'Go to the married lines,' sez mesilf to me.'' ' 'Tis the same thing,' sez I to mesilf. ' Av you're the same man, ut is,' said mesilf to me ; an' wid that I considliered I on ut a long wliile. Did you iver feel ] that way, sorr ? " I snored gently, knowing that if Mul vaney were uninterrupted he would go on. The clamour of the bivouac fires heat up to the stars as the rival singers of the companies were pitted against each other. " So I felt that way, an' a bad time ut was. Wanst bein' a fool I wint into the married lines more for the sake av spakin' \- to our ould colour-sergint Shadd, than for any thruck wid wimmen folk. I was a corp'ril then—rejuced aftherwards, but a corp'ril then. I've a photograft av mesilf to prove ut. ' You'll take a cup av tay, wid us?' sez he. 'I will that,' I sez, ' tho' tay is not my divarsion.' ' 'Twud be better for you if ut were,' sez ould Mother Shadd, an' she had ought know for Shadd, in the ind av his service, dhrunk hung full each night. '' Wid that I tuk off my gloves—there's was pipe-clay in thim, so that they stood alone—an' pulled up my chair, lookin' round at the china ornamints an' bits av things in the Shadds' quarters. They were things that belonged to a man, an' no camp kit, here to-day an' dishipated next. ' You're comfortable this place, sergint,-' says T. ' 'Tis the wife that did ut, hoy,' sez he, pointin' the stem av his pipe to ould Mother Shadd, an' she smacked the top av his bald head upon the compliment, ' That manes you wants money,' sez she. "An' tliin—an' tliin, whin the kittle was to be filled, Dinah cSmc in—my Dinah—her sleeves rowled up to the elbow an' her hair in a gowlden glory over her forehead, the big blue eyes beneath twinklin' like stars on a frosty night, an' the tread av her two feet lighter than waste-paper from the colonel's basket in ord'ly room whin ut's emptied. Bein' but a slilip av a girl she went pink at seein' me, an' I twisted me moustache an' looked at a picture forninst the wall. Never show a woman that ye care a snap av a finger for her, an' "begad she'll come bleatin' to your boot-heels." j '"I suppose that's why you followed J Annie Bragin till everybody in the mar ried quarters laughed at you," said I, remembering that unhallowed wooing and casting off the disguise of drowsiness. ; " I'm layin' down the gin'ral theory av the attack," said Mulvaney, driving his foot into the dying fire. " If you read the Soldier's Pocket Boob, which niver any soldier reads, youH see that there are : exceptions. Whin Dinah was out av the i door (an' 'twas as tho' the sunlight had j gone too)—'Mother av Mven' seigint,' says I, but is that your daughter ? ' 4 Ive believed that way these eighteen years,"' j says ould Shadd, his eyes twinklin', ' but Mrs. Shadd has her own opinion like iv'iy other woman.' "Tis wid yours this time, for a mericle,' sez Mother Shadd. ' Thin why in the name of fortune did I niver see her before 1' sez I. ' Bekase you've been thrapesin' round wid the married women those three years past. She was a bit av a child till last year, an' she shot up wid the spring,' sez ould Mother Shadd. ' I'll thrapese no more,' sez I. ' D'you ! mane that?' sez ould Mother Shadd, i lookin' at me side-ways like a hen looks I at a hawk when the chickens are runnin'' free. 'Try me, an' tell,' sez I. "Wid that I pulled on my gloves, dhrank off the tea, an' went out av the house as stiff as [ at gen'ral p'rad, for well I knew that Dinah Shadd's eyes were in the small av my hack out av the scullery window. Faith ! that was the only time I mourned I was not a cav'l'ry man for the sake av j the spurs to jingle. "I wint out to think, an' I did powerful lot av thiiikin', but ut all came round to that sldip av a girl in the dotted I blue dhress, wid the blue eyes an' the | syarkil in them. Thin I kept off canteen, an' I kept to the married quarthers or | near by on the chanst av meetin' Dinah. Did I meet her ? Oh, my time past, did I not, wid a lump in my throat, as big as my valise, an' my heart goiri' like a j farrier's forge on a Saturday morning !' 'Twas 'Good day to ye, Miss Dinah,' an' ' Good day t'you, corp'ril,' for a week or two, an' divil a bit further could I get bekaze av the respict I had to that girl that I cud ha' broken -betune finger an' thumb." Here I giggled as I recalled the gigantic | figure of Dinah Shadd when she lianded < me my shirt. " Ye may laugh," grunted Mulvaney. " But I'm speakin' the trut', an' 'tis you I that are in fault. Dinah was a girl that that would ha' taken the imperiousness out of the Duchess av Clonmel in those days. Flower-hand, foot av shod air, an' the eyes av the mornin' she had. That is my wife to-day—ould Dinah, and never aught else than Dinah Shadd to me. " 'Twas after three weeks' staudin' off an' on, an' niver makin' headway excipt through the eyes, that a little drummer boy grinned in me face whin I had ad monished him wid the buckle av my belt j for riotin' all over the place. ' An' I'm i not the only wan that doesn't kape to barricks,' sez he. I tuk him by the scruff av his neck—my heart was hung on a | hair-thrigger those days, you well under stand—an' 'Out wid ut,' sez I, ' or I'll lave no bone av you unbreakable.' ' Speak to Dempsey,' sez he, howling. ' Dempsey which?' sez I, 'Ye unwashed limb of Satan.' 'Of the Bob-tailed Dhragoons,' sez he. ' He's seen her home from her aunt's house in the civil lines four times this fortnight.' ' Child ?' sez I dliropping him, ' Your tongue's stronger than your body. Go to your quarters. I'm sorry I dhressed you down.' 'At that I went four ways to wanst huntin' Dempsey. I was mad to think that wid all my airs among women I shud lia' been chated by a basin-faced fool av a cavl'ry man not fit to trust on a mule tlxrunk. Presintly I found him in our lines—the Bobtails was quartered next us —an' a tallowy, top-lieavy son av a she mule he was wid liis big brass spurs an' his plastrons on his epigastons an' all. But he niver flinched a hair. " 'A word wid you, Dempsey,' sez 1. ' You've walked with Dinali Shadd four times this fortnight gone.' " ' What's that to you ? ' sez he. ' I'll walk forty times more, an' forty on top av that, ye sbovel-futtcd, clod-brakiu' infan try lance-corp'ril.' " Before I cud gyard he had his gloved fist home on my check, an' down 1 went full sprawl. ' Will that content you ?' sez he, blowin' on his knuckles for all the world like a Scots Greys orf'cer. ' Con tint !' sez 1. ' For your own sake, man, take off your spurs—peel your jacket an' on' glove. 'Tis the beginr.in' av the over ture ; stand up !' "He stud all he know ; but he niver pedled liis jacket, an' his shoulders had no fair play. 1 was fight-in' for Dinah Sliadd an' that cut on my cheek. What hope had he forninst me ? ' Stand up,' sez I, time an' again wliin he was be ginnin' to quarter the ground an' gyard high an' go large. 'This isn't ridin' school,' sez I. ' O, man, stand np an' let me get at ye.' But whin I saw he wud be runnin' about, I grup his shtock in my left an', his waist-belt in my right an', swung bim clear to my right front, head undber, be liammerni' my nose till the wind was knocked out av luin in the bare ground. ' Stand up,' sez I,' ' or I'll kick your head into your chest,' and I wud ha' done ut too, so ragin' mad I was. ' My collar-hone's hruk,' sez he. 'Help me back to lines. I'll walk wid her no more.' So 1 helped him back." "And was his collar-bone broken ? " I asked, for I fancied that only Learoyd could neatly accomplish that terrible throw. " He pitched on his left shoulder-point. It was. Next day the news was in both barracks, an' wliin I met Dinah Shadd, wid a cheek like all the reg'mintal tailors' samples, there was no ' Good mornin', corp'ril,' or aught else. ' An' what have I done, bliss Shadd,' sez I, very bould, plantin' mesilf forainst her, 'that ye should hot pass the time of day 1" " ' Ye've half-killed rough-rider Demp sey,' sez she, her dear blue eyes fillin' up. " ' May be,' sez I. ' Was he friend av yours that saw ye home four times in a fortnight ?' "'Yes,' sez she, very bould, but her mouth was down at the corners. ' An'-— an' what's that to you ?' "' Ask Dempsey," sez I, purtendin' to go away. " 'Did you fight for me then, ye silly man ?' she sez, tho' she knew ut all along. " ' Who else 1 '■ sez I, an' I tuk wan pace to the front. " ' I wasn't worth ut,' sez she, fingerin' m her apron. " ' That's for me to say,' sez I. Shall I say ut ?' " 'Yes,' sez she in a saint's whisper, snc at that I explained mesilf ; and she tould me what ivry man that is a man, an,' -Jnany that is a woman, hears wanst in liis life. v j '"But what made ye cry at startin',1 Dinah darlin' ?' sez I. '"Your—your bloody cheek,' sez she, duck in' her little head down on my sash j (I was duty for the day) an' whimperin' like a sorrowful angel. " Now a man cud take that two ways. I tuk ut as pleased me best an' my first j kiss, wid ut. Mother av Innocence ! but I kissed her on the tip av the nose an' undlier the eye, an' a girl that lets a kiss ; come tumble-ways like that lias never j been kissed before. Take note of that, sorr. Thin we wint hand in hand to ould Mother Shadd like two little cliildher, an' she said it was no bad thing, an' ould | Shadd nodded heliiud liis pipe, an'Dinah ran away to her own room. -That day I j throd on rollin' clouds. All earth was too small to hould me. Begad, I cud ha' j picked the sun out av the sky for a live coal to my pipe, so magnificent I was. But 1 tuk recruities at squad- drill', an' began with general battalion advance whin 1 shud ha' been baLonce- steppin' em. Eyah ! that day ! that day ! " A very long pause. "Well ?" said I. " It was all wrong," said Mulvaney, I ■with an enormous sigli. "An' sure 1 know that ev'iy bit av it was my own foolishness. That night I tuk, maybe, the half av three pints—not enough to ! turn the hair of a man in his natural senses. But I was more than half drunk wid pure joy, an' that canteen beer was j so much whisky to me. I can't tell how it came about, but heJcazc I liad no thought for anywan except Dinah, bekaze I hadn't slipped her little white arms from my neck five minutes, bekaze the breath of her kiss was not gone from my mouth, I must go through the married lines on my way to quarters an' I must stay talkin' to a red headed Mullengar heifer av a girl, Judy Slieehy, that was daughter to Mother Sheehy, the wife of Nick Slieehy, the canteen-sergint—the black curse av Sliie lygh be on the whole brood that are above groun' this day ! (2*o be continued.) 