THE BENDIGO ADVERTISER ; (PUBLISHED DAILY.) rnooiiiisaioN, oun kicjuts, axd odji jiraouncig. SANDHURST, TUESDAY, JAN. SI, 1S90 "THE BARBARISMS OF BARBAROUS MELBOURNE." When Mr. G. A. Sala wrote the article entitled " Marvellous Melbourne," three or four years ago, a thrill of delight was ex-: perienced by the metropolitans at the good' opinion expressed by the .celebrated journa list. Mr. Sala saw and wrote g,bout Mel-' bourne's bright side. If ha had wished, he might have written an article the reverse of complimentary, and with very good reason, for if ouc capital city has had a marvellous development it has also many defects. At a recent meeting of the Bankers' Institute in Melbourne., Mr. Barrcw^ p. bank manager at Brunswick, delivered a lecture .entitled, | " The Barbarisms of Barbarous Melbourne." Lest we should be considered to agree with 1 the very strong opinions expressed by the lecturer, we will say ut once that the " barbarisms" were in many instances greatly overdrawn. The lecturer was, iioiv ever, justified in his condemnation of the sanitary arrangements of Melbourne. It is a common subject of remark amongst new arrivals in the colony that Melbourne , is remarkable for its smells, and expressions of surprise that an under ground drainage system has not been adopted are general. As Mr. Barrows remarks, the nose is assailed with stinks at almost every turn, and the ricer from Studley Park to the Bay is a porfect sink of corruption. What with factories and fellmorigaries and drainage from the suburbs, the once clear and whole some water of the Yarra lias been poisoned to such an extent that the very vapours which arise from it are perfectly overpower ing, Any one who has any doubt 011 the point requires but to become a passenger on an outgoing steamer from the Queen'i Wharf. In swinging off from the wharf, and turning round in the "basin," the deposit on the bed of the river is stirred up into whirlpools, and the passengers who, but a moment before, were waving their handkerchiefs to their friends ashore, are fain to put thorn to their nosos, and rush below. Mr. Barrows affirms that the gutters, drains, river and n{glit-part are a discredit to our boasted civilization. He has a word also for the manner in which the streets are swept, the way in which the scavongers perform their work, and the sweepings from the shops are discharged on to the footpath in the midst of the passers-by. Ho points out that in London a by-law requires the sweeping out of shops to be done at 8 o'clock in the morning, the work is never done without the aid oi w-iter or damp saw-dust to allay the dust. These are all matters which are to .receive atten tion under the new Health Act. ' Some of the evils complained of are experienced in a lesser degree in our own and other country towns, and, in the matte? at drainage, the sooner attention is given to the require ments of Sandhurst, the better. Gur coun cillors should not shrink from a heavy outlay in putting the gutters in a proper condition. Many complaints have been made latterly of the smells arising from the street channels, and if j Sandhurst is to retain its reputation as a health resort, stringent measures must ba adopted in order to make the gutters and channels as clean as they can be made. Of course tins old wooden blocks are respon sible in s great measure for the smells. Phere should be no pause in the work of their removal, and it wot^ld ba well if regu lations rftquirini; housohoMesvs to flush their drains at a certain hour ovary-.flay ivero framed. | Wo have been led from our itibject to lome estent by the similarity hetween some >f our local " barbarisms" and chose of VIolbourne. We can console ourselves, lowavor, with the fact that these thinga are vorse in Melbourne. Mr. Bajrr.owa has, lealt severely with the railway porter, ' it, ItiuaL be fetid that ho lias boon too sweep ing in hi3 condemnation of the natives. , Australian natives are not all larrikins, and are not allboorisli in their behavior. They do not claim to be perfect, but it is unjust to de scribe them generally as asserting themselves offensively, and a3 being remarkable for their lack of modesty. Mr. Barrows says that the Australian Native adopts as his rule of the road tho following " Stick to your right to the whole of the path; the right and (he left and the middle too." If the Australian youth errs in this matter it is be cause the rule is disregarded generally in the colony. Very few people understand the very excellent rule, which, as Mr. Barrows says is laid down in the words, " Pedestrians pass to the right, horses and asses go to the left." The lecturer . concludos with some severe allusions to the Jumbo worship," which has grown up among the people of late years, in their madness over football. He maintains that on the Sunday morning while: parsons are ho'ding forth and trying to prove, their theories, or propositions, to perchance unwilling hearers, the cry goes up around without doubt or hesitation, "Jumbo is the only true God, and the Australian native is his prophet." Although to a certain extent these observation's are justified, the lecturer betrays the possession of a deep rooted prejudice when he says " the Australian native, like his deity, is low toned, brutal, selfish, barbarous, with defective education, no God, ' no1 good, no Bible (except the fourth edition of the 'Herald'), no history, and very little geography." By his in j temperate allusions to the Australian native, Mr. Barrows depreciates greatly from the value:of his earlier strictures on the bar barisms of .the metropolis. Whatever m.iy be said of the way in which ho has dealt with the sanitary defects of Melbourne, and the other nuisances which require to be abolished, he has been far too bitter and unjust in his references to the natives. We would like to have some hope of the future of the Australian race and the country, but to accept Mr. Barrows' jaundiced views as correct would moan the abandonment of hope (altogether. Tub United Devonshire Murder.—The police now have reason to suspect that a young man recently implicated in a sensational bur glaryin this district had something to do with the murder of William Trevethick at the United Devonshire Company's mine. It lias been ascertained that the man alluded to was seen in company with his. mate early on the morning that the fatal blow was struck. The police are making a close investigation of- the ca|e.: The .mining commission will sit at the town hall to-day at noon and to-morrow at ten o'clock for the purpose of taking evidence, and in the interests of the miners and of the whole com munity who are bound up so much in the development of the mines, it is to be hoped that all those who can offer suggestions or have any thing to tell that wopld in any way add to the prosperity of mining,.-will come forward and give the world the benefit of their knowledge. The Late Mr. J. G. Ramsay, M.L.C., of South Australia, who met suqh a tragic death by the bursting of a, railway carnage lamp near Adelaide a day or two ago is not altogether un known in Sandhurst. He married a daughter of Mr. J. Horwood, of this city, and about a year ago he paid a visit to Sandhurst'.' Mr. | Horwood has gone over to South Australia to attend the funeral. Death of an Old Identity. - A very old Eaglehawk identity in the person of Mr. D. Fleming, father of Mr. D. Fleming, the well known member of the Miners' Association, died this morning. The deceased had been identi- fied with Eaglehawk from the very early days, and at the time of his death was nearly 80 years of age. Death of an Old Bendigonian. - Another old Bendigonian passed away yesterday in the person of Mr. Michael Noonan, landlord of the Suburban Hotel, White Hills Road. The deceased, who was well-known and generally respected, has been a resident of Sandhurst for 36 years, and in the earlier days followed mining pursuits. He was at one time underground manager of the North Garden Gully and Passby United Com- pany, and was later working at the Hercules and Energetic. He leaves a widow and large family (mostly grown up) to mourn their loss. It may be mentioned that a few years ago he had the misfortune to lose a son by a mining ac- cident in the Lady Barkly Company. Mr. Noonan had been ailing for about six months from phthisis, and his death was consequently not unexpected. The funeral will move to the White Hills Cemetery at four o'clock to-day. English Cholkra.—Councillor E. T. Whit ten, of Ballarat East (wires our correspondent) died somewhat suddenly last evening from Eng lish cholera. . State fSchool Change.—Mr. Chris Gam betta, ,whb has lately been in charge of the State school at Smeaton, has been transferred to Goor noong. Mr. Gatnbetta was recently enter tained at Smeaton, and the besl wishes ex pressed for his future welfare. Death of Mr. Ludeman.—Intelligence is just co hand (writes our Raywood correspon dent) that Mr Henry Ludeman, who sustained an injury a short time since at Moxom's Hotel, Kamarooka, expired at his residence at one o'clock yesterday. The unfortunate gentleman had apparently been improving up till yester day, when a relapse took place ending in death. An inquiry will be held this morning. f fijfi'KRANCE Festival.—A very successful rehearsal ojf the local contingent of the choir which is to take part in the grand festival that our temperance friends intend Ufllijutg }n Mel bourne next week, was held in the Toinperance Hall last evening. Mr. Broadbent, of Mel bourne, was present, and discharged his duties as conductor of the undertaking—a most impor tant position—in a very satisfactory manner. It is expected that about 60 choristers will be present from this city. /t lJoLy.—About five o'clock yesterday after noon a horee attached tp ^ qa.rt"belong ing to Air. A. Conneii, of £/Ong Qiilly, golfed whilst the driver was delivering bread to the customers at Quarry Hill. After going some distance the cart was brought into violent col lision with a telegraph pole near the Quarry Hill State school. The front part of the cart was smashed in, one of the shafts was broken, and the liarno.°s considerably damaged. The horse galloped off, but was caught soon after. jiusH Fire at Quke.vscmff.— Yesterday afternoon at 2 o'clock («ire3 our Queenscliff correspondent) a. bush fire threatening the des truction of house property broke out near the Queenscliff cemstery on the road to Point Lons dale. The fire spread rapidly, and it required every effort on the part of about 120 men of the Victorian artillery, .undxjt the command of Cap tail) jyallace, and a number of civilians to save all the h.o.yaes at Point Lonsdale from being razed to the ground. ^'ij.e efforts of the rescuers were unabla tff s^y.e the marine resi dence of ill'. Dungerijield, Y/hj'eh \vas consumed by the fiery element, The f>rp wi^s raging furiously all the afternoon, and the steady action of the permanent force under fire was beyond all praise. Their elforts, ably assisted by civilians were directed to keep the fire from spreading, and in this they were fortunately successful, although the summer residences of the visitors at the Point narrowly escaped des truction. The Vivian Dramatic Company open a seaeW&t; Sandhurst on Monday night, when they will in "Current cash." " The Heiiald.''—By advertisement it is announced that this old-cstablishoij 1'clboiirne evening paper can be obtained on the arrival of the Melbourne train every evening from Mr. Morris Phillips, of Bull-street, who has been agent for Sandhurst and district for 20 years, or from the runnors. The proprietors have latterly made very extensive improvements in tlie i£a,chinery and plant, and have perfected arrangetnin,!;? fpf obtaining the earliest infor mation from all poi't?.of the world. The Eight Hours' AKNfypijBAUY.— The first meeting of delegates- to take ' 'preliminary measures towards celebrating the eight'hours' anniversary was held at the Court House Hotel, Pall Mall, last night. There were 23 delegates present, representing the Miners, Carpenters and .) ifinprs, Coacluviakers, Engineers, Bendigo Enginedriyew, JSaglehawk Bnginedrivers, Iron moulders, Stoueniaa^j's, and Millers. Apolo gies were received from a number of others. Mr, T. Davey (carpenters and joinars) moved and IJr. J- Goates (enginedrivers) seconded that the eight Injurs' anniversary be celebrated on the 21st Aprjjj c$.rp}pi\, Mr. }y. Hamilton (coachbuildcrs) moyed W _that it be celebrated by a pro.cesslor,, sports, and art union. The election of pfl}cer? re sulted as follows:—Chairman, Mr. M. M'Canu; vice-chairman, Mr. C. Wake; oaaretary, Mr. J, Michakon; assistant secretary, Mr. \V, Hamil ton; treasurer, Mr. T. Davey. It was decided to advertise, inviting all sympathisers with the movement to attend tlio next meeting on Monday night. The diamond tiiade is much interested in re markable artificial diamonds, which came into notice during ,the Paris Exposition. So perfect are some of tfejc imitations that chey puzzle dealers and experti. ' fhe same chemical analysis ao applied to procioua stages they are found to melt at only a very high degrof heat, and, of course, were exceedingly hard—in fact, so hard that they would scratch and almost cut mirror glass, Thk Sandhurst and Eaolkhawk Tramway. , —Our Melbourne correspondent states that Messrs. Booth and Ellson informed him yester lay that the whole of the machinery by the two vessels recently from London, had now irrived in Sandhurst, Mr. Booth having just received a telegram announcing their safe irrival there. The plant is now in the custody of the Railway department, and will be de livered to the company in due course. The machinery consists of three steam engines, three dynamos and adjuncts and instruments. No cars came in this shipment. London Tommy Again Before the Court.— Tin's well-known eccentric, though harmless, character *vas again before the court yesterday morning, and the charge he had to answer to was one of having ho visible lawful means of support. Constable Molloy said he found " Tommy " drunk and lying on the footpath in Hargreavis-street about 11 o'clock on Sunday night. He told the bench that he had known the defendant for over 12 months, but never knew him to do any work. Tommy, with a good assumption of astonishment at beiug made the subject of such a degrading charge, assured the bench that he had lawful visible mean3 . of support, which " the whole town " could testify to. The bench, thinking that the whole town would be rather an unmanagable sort of witness, asked Tommy to name a few who could show that he had means of support. Tie accordingly ran over a fair share of the licensed victuallers' roll, and in order to secure as witnesses those whom he had named, his case was adjourned till Thursday. Steady Heat.—The director of the School of Mines sends us the following note as regards tho weather :—" The past week is almost unprecedented in this district for the high temperature maintained day after day with but little variation. The thermometer has reached exactly 100 ° F. on three consecutive days, while the mercury has alternately stood at 90 ° and 100° for the remaining days. The night temperature has also been correspondingly high and constant, varying from 60° to 70 ° and averaging G6 °. This sensibly lower tempera ture compared witli the day represents the minimum in the open air, but it must be re membered that from the continuance of the heat tlie houses have become very hot, and as the watches of the night have been anything but pleasant, the tent, hammock and punkah used in Indian climates would be a great desideratum foi: the trying portion of the Sand hurst midsummer. The Remains op a Wedding. —■ At the city court yesterday James Downie, applied for permission to hold a dance at the Evmia Hotel last evening for the purpose of celebrating the birthday of the licensee's child, and what the applicant called the celebration of the "re mains" of his own wedding. Of what the "remains" of the wedding were the bench did not seem to have a very clear idea, but no doubt thinking it had some reference to the anniversary of the auspicious and happy event, they granted the application. Important Sale of Furniture. — To-day, commencing at eleven o'clock, one of the most extensive and important sales of superior art and modern furniture, carryall,-etc., ever held in the district will take place on the premises, I'enang Villa, M'Kenzie-street, when Messrs. H. M. Marks and Co. will sell by auction the whole of the household plenishing of Mr. Alfred Joseph, who is leaving for an extended visit to Europe. No reserve whatever is placed upon a single article, and everthing will be sold utterly regardless of cost. Catalogues of the sale have been prepared. Banquet to ex-Cr. Josurii.—The arrange ments for the banquet to ex-Cr. Joseph, which takes place at the Town Hall on Thursday even ing next, are now completed. We are requested to state that to enable the caterers to make ample provision for those attending, that any gentlemen desirous of being present can obtain tickets from Messrs. J. P. Carolin, R. G. Gibson, W. Davis, I). O'Keefe, C. F. Kennedy, and Dr. Hugh Boyd, or the lion, sec., Ivjr. H. M. Marks, members of the executive com mittee, up to three o'clock to-morrow (Wednes day). The A.N. A. Excursion.—The following letter re the above excursion to Melbourne on the 27th inst.-, has been received by the secre tary, Mr. Curnow :—" Chief Secretary's office, Melbourne, 16th January, 1890 Sir,—I am directed to inform you that in compliance with the request contained in your letter of the'12th inst.,' the Chief Secretary has given instructions that gentlemen who come by your excursion, ladies not being admitted, shall be allowed tc inspect the Peutridge Gaol between 1 and S p.m. on the afternoons of the 28th and 30tli instant, the 4th, 6th, 11th, and 13th proximo, in parties of not more than six at a time on presentation of their railway tickets. The clerk of tj)e Legislative Assembly has also beer asked to a (lord any of the exourslonlsts, pro duoing similar evidence, every facility for. see iug the Houses of Parliament on any date except Saturday and Sunday. The deputy master of the Mint, whose letter is attached, will also make special arrangements for the reception of the excursionists. It is presumed none of the excursionists will seek In visit the Mint or Parliament Houso on the 27th inst., as that date is a public holiday.—Yours obediently, A. Callax, pro. Private Secretary." In connection with this excursion, arrangements have been made with the Railway department by which the trains leaving Sandhurst at eight a.m., will stop at Golden-square and Kangaroo Flat to pick up passengers. Excursionists will ralso be addmitted to the Cyclorama in Mel bourne on presentation of their railway passes at the reduced rate of one shilling, children six. pence. Tickets will be available at the ad. i vertised agents up to 10 p.m. on Saturday next. Little Lokd Fauntleroy. —This delightful comedy-drama was repeated at the Royal Princess Theatre last night by Messrs. William son.fjarner uiul ^Ius^rdvo'u excellent company oi artists. M jss Glracie Hopkins' replaced Miss Olive Berkley as Little Lord Fauntleroy, and gave a vivacious and exceedingly pleasing and correct impersonation of the part. Her acting was natural and realistic and evoked much applause. All the other characters were in the same capable hands as formerly, and the entertain ment passed off exceptionally well. Little Lord Fauntleroy will be repeated r,gain to \jkcifAUD and Vineyard Pests.—At a meet ing 'of the Horticultural' Society on Friday night (states the Rutherglen correspondent of the " Telegraph"), Mr. French, the Govern ment entomologist, stated that he had tried several remedies for the fly pest. Fusel oil in a raw state did not affect it at all, and the only true remedy was benzol in equal parts with water sprayed on with a patent'pump. It kills all ip $ few minutes. 4.3 to the risl; of affect ing the vino, although it was applied in the full heat of day, after two days' watching no effect on the leaves or grapes was perceptible. For aphis on fruit trees Air. French recommended kerosene emulsion, one to fourteen parts. For ant-bods bisulphide of carbon put in the ground was a certain cure, and for scale on fruit trees kerosene emulsion heated to 120 deg. Fahren heit was prescribed. Mr. Knight, in charge of the ViticukuralCollege, supported Mr. French, and said he wished to have a chance of watch ing the habits of the insect pests as to deposit ing their eggs and hatching them since if they could be got at in their first stage, prevention would be much easier. Tempi-trance Physiology Examination The following are the results of the examination in Temperance Physiology for the prizes given by the Sandhurst committee for Sandhurst com petitors only. 1st. division—Eva Mary Silvesfer, ' Wattle-street, 1 ; Alfred A. -Mflis,' " Annersley ' Wi>ttle;street, 2 ; George Sp&rk;'nian, CJlinda;g|;reet, Quarry Hill,' 3; Hector Taylor, High-street, •}. 2nd division —Will. Ernest Williams, Wesloyan Parsonage, Forest-street, 1 [ Joseph Howard Dare, Bond street, Long Gully, 2: William Mills, "Annorsley," Wattle-street. 3rd division — Lilian Bird "Heidelberg," Quarry Hill, 1; Wm. Barrass,' Don street, 2; Herbert V. Richardson, Short street, 3. 4th division — Fred. Davison, M'Kenzie-street, 1; Phoebe Mills, " Anneisley", Wattle-street, 2. The prizes, which are books,' varying in value from six shillings to one guinea each, will !)e given at the qsuial morally tfcni porahoe mooting helt] on litii February, COOK'S AUSTRALIAN travellers' oahettb is to hand, and is an invaluable paper for those who wish to do the colonies or " the Continong", or indeed any part of the world. The route aid uosts, where to lodge, and what to see are all plainly set forth. Warden's Court.—Mr. Warden Patterson, P.M., presided at this court yesterday, and recommended the granting of the applications (f II. Y. North, on behalf of the Garibaldi Co. 'or a loauo at Ifmy Chijtn; H. y, JJorth, for the Hustler's Royal Reserve Co, "No.' Ij for a lease >f laud in Pall Mall) and L. Henderson,' on jehalf of the Panton'a Freohold Alluvial Co. 'or a lease, under the Mining on Private Property Act, at Epsom. The application of IVm. Curtis for a lease on the Hustler's Reef ,vas partly heard and adjourned for 14 days t--> jennit of certain legalities being compiied iith, The court then adjourned. AtABMisw AoptnRST TO" a JoqKEV.—A sad ac cident happened on Saturdayr.ioniingta a young jockey named Joseph Power (statqs flip !' Age"). Th? 'youth', who is but) 17 years of age, and is pngsigocj at Messrs. Yuille'a sfableaj Newmarket, Vas cxepcislpg a racchojrse, when it" ran away with him, threes" him ts <-!>S gmund apd rfjllod over him, He must have lust n-lf consciousness as soon ss tlic accident happened. Ifa was picked up hy some companions ;md conveyed at once to the Melbourne Hospital, where an ex amination disclosed the fact that the young man was suffering fvom concussion of the brain and abrasions on the lvi-ly, A- a Vo hour thfu'u was no improvement in his condition, but it iu Sloped he will pull through with care. Tram Fakes.—On New Year's Day, states the " Building Societies Gazette," the total r.v.rr,bsu flf trftIP fares collected in Sydney was lip,000, giving a return of £1,503, or a decrease on the same day in 18g9 of £2QQ." ' Pr.EssvTri:iA Church Services. — The Rev. Joliu M'Laren preached at Gulden- square and Kangaroo Flat Presbyterian Churched last Sunday on Philippiuns, 3rd chapter, 8th verse— " Yea, doubtless, and I count all things but loss for the excellency of the knowledge of Jesus Christ my Lord." The preacher said a great change had come over the Apostle—once he prized what now may as well be lost. His high Hebrew extraction, his strict adherence to th3 letter of the law, his unwearied enthusiasm in propagating what he considered the true religion, have no meritorious value or atontog power in reconcilling him to God. The know ledge of that despised Nazarene make3 a new man of hiin, a more excellent citizen, an am bassador of Christ. What is wanted in these days is more self-denial, greater courage in showing that culture and even Bible knowledge leaves a man very ignorant if he is not born a^ain. May the Holy Ghost teach lis to be manly and upright in the matter that concerns all the claims that the Sou of God has on us all. Traffic Return's.—The Victorian Railways traffic returns for the week ending 16th January show the following results:—The number of miles open were 2,341, as against 2,191 for the cor responding period of 1889. Total returns for the week ending 16th Jan., LG2,G9o 53; for corresponding period of 1889, L63,013 19s. 9d. Aggregate to date from 1st July, LI,724,078 lis 7d: for corresponding period of 1889, Li,773,042 4s 8d. Weekly average (29 weeks), L59.450 19s 8d.; for corresponding period of 1SS9, L61.139 7s. 8d. Bridgkwater Sports.— Many entries have been received for the sports to be held at Bridgewater on the 29th, including such names as C. Samuels, Plant, J. J. Moore, Doxey and other first class ped3. The secretary has . arranged for carriages to be put on the train leav ing at seven o'clock on the night of the sports. Lecture.—Last evening, the Rev. H. West moreland, of Ballarat, delivered a lecture on " Queer Folks" or " People that I have met," in the Methodist Church, Calvin-street. Not withstanding the very warm weather, there was a good attendance. The Rev. Mr. Turner, pas tor of the church, occupied the chair. The rev. lecturer dealt with his subject in a masterly manner, and at the conclusion of the lecture, a hearty vote of thanks was accorded him with acclamation. According to ail advertisement in our columns to-day, the rev. gentleman will leo i ture to-night at the Methodist Free Church, Ironbark, on "Round the world on half-a ero wn." The lecture has been delivered over 150 times in many parts of the world, and has always been received with much favor by both pressand public, and those who attend to- night may reckon on an entertainment of a high order. ' : ' ■ Juvenile Sixoixa Class. — Mr. Edward Allen announces that he is forming a juvenile singing class at the Masonic Hall, Saturday afternoons, coinmeuciug Saturday, 1st Feb., and as only a limited number of pupils can be admitted, parents are requested to send iu their names on or before 1st February. St. Patrick's Sports.—A meeting of the St. Patrick's committee was hold at the Palace last evening, Mr. Donnellan in the chair. Corres pondence was read from the City Council, granting the use of the Show Grounds for the 17 th March. Mr. T. Hogan and the chairman reported that they had met with great success in canvassing for subscriptions. The names of Mr. P. Mitchell and Sergeant Fuhey were added to the general committee. It was decided to write to Captain Rogers to ask for the use of the Orderly-room. Mr. R. O'Neill was appointed auctioneer to sell the booths. Five thousand posters were ordered to be Drinted and distributed. Advice to Yo.dxq Ladies.—Tho following is Irovq the pen af a London medical man :— The hujiom, bright-eyed, rosy-cheeked, full breasted, hounolng lass, who can darn a stock ing, mend trousers, make her own frocks, com mand a regiment of pots and kettles; feed the pig, chop wood, milk cows, wrestle the boys, and be a lady withal in company, is just the girl for me, and for any worthy man to marry. But yon, ye pining, moping, lolling, screwed-up wasp- waisted, putty-faced, consumptive, wort gaged, music-murdering, novel- devouring daugh ters of fashion and idleness, you are no more fit for matrimony tha^a pullet is to look after a family of fourteen ohicks. The truth is my dear girls, you want more liberty and le33 fas hionable restraints, more kitchen andless parlor, move exercise and less sofa, more pudding and less piano, more frankness and less mock modesty,, more breakfast and less bustle. Loose your selves ;a little, enjoy more libertv less re straint by fashion, breathy pure atmosphere of freedom, and bQC,ome acunothing as lovely and beautiful as the Uod of Nature designed. A XfFAY &QW.;—'A Nuremberg firm is bring ing out a new kind of solo for boot3 and shoes, for which it olaims groat solidity and conveni ence. The sole consists of a sort of trellis work of spiral metal wire, the interstices being fitted with gutta-percha and ammoniac resin, which give them "both atre.igth and suppleness. They are fixed with special nails on to ordinary soles, and can be produced HO per cent. below the ordinary prlooa for leather ones. They have already been used in the arm}, and it is stated that the results of the tests are very satisfac tory, i The soles are found in good condition after long and severe usage. ■' Buiumxo Societies and Rest.—Although, as a rule, we (the "Building Societies'Gazette") believe payments to building societies are being kept up with regularity, we hear there is a good deal of distraining for: rent going on and bailiffs are kept pretty busy. A lot is said abont the wealth and prosperity of marvellous Melbourne, but it is not all gold that glitters, a;>ci though it may not show on the surface there are more privations and hardsV,ij}5 suffered in Melbourne than is imagined, A OThOUMAR Earth.—A peculiar earth, very similar to that which was recently discovered in Boston, and which was alluded to in the " Electrician" of 9th August, was discovered some few weeks ago on the Boulevaul des Oapuciues. As at Boston, it was noticed that horses manifested considerable uneasiness on passing over a particular portion of the. road way. The electric light company. was com municated with, and on tlje roadway being dug up, it ivm iaimd that the lead .cover of the Wa'neh conductor to the street lamp was in con tact with one oE the bave main conductors, and as the neutral wire was faulty inseveral placesa circuit was completed throughtheearth between the lead cover and the neutral wire. The iron hoofs of the horses made excellent contact with the damp wood of the roadway, and the un fortunate animals consequently became a shunt on this leakage, circuit and receive^ smart shocks. To-vnori'ow evening at the Baptist Church, Har Pfreavns-iitrent, the Rev. S. Pitman will lecture on "The Go'den-mouthed Preacher." A collection will be taken up on behalf of the Dayle.'ford Church. In our advertising columns will ba foirai an advertisement announcing that Mr. J. J. Burgess is prepared to undoitak-o the tuuin? and repairing of pianos, etc., in Sandhurst and the surrounding districts. Mr. Burgess is a nativa o£ Sandhurst. His father is an old Bendigonian, and was organist at All Saints' Church in the fifties. 