Humour. Give' no moro to ov'ry guost Than ho'B able to digest ; Give him always of the prime, And but little at a timo. Stranger — Haven't you anything hotter than 5-cent oigarsP Country Storekeeper (astounded)— Hi, Jimmy, run down to the Indicator office an' tell them Mister W»n dorbilt is 'n town. Woman (to tramp who has eaten a whole miuoo pie) — You seem to have a good appetite. Tramp (with tours in his eyos) — Yes, madam, that is all I have loft in tho world whioh I can rightly call my own. A oood toie. If you and I — just you and I — Should laugh instead of worry ; If we should grow — just you and I— Kinder and sweeter hearted — Perhaps in some noar by and by , A good time might get «tarted, Then what a happy world 'twould bo For you and mo — for you and mo ! Poor Diet—' What do you live on down hero, anyway V asked a hvjigry Northerner in Florida of a native tho other day ' Waal,' drawled the' Floridian, ' In the summer wo live on fish and yams, and in tho winter we livo on sick Yankoos.'. I'esty Old Gont— ' Huh ! Do you think you can support my . daughter in the stylo to whioh sho has beon accustomed ?' Young Suitor — ' Well, no ; but I oan support her in tho stylo to whioh hoi- mother was noous tomed for a good many yoars after she mar. riod you.' (Subdued) — ' Take hor, my son and bo happy.' : Archdeacon Farrar's son, now at the University, is quite a wit. Whilo he was in Philadelphia ho was lionized a good deal. Ono evening at dinner a rather fresh young 1.. .1 ? i ? ? j ? t_! ? ^ ? si. i ir . Jr ?? is ono of tho big guns of England, is he not, Mr. Farr f ' ' Ho waa at ono timo,' ' He was a canon, you know GOOD ADVICE. If you worry when thoro's trouDlo, You but mako the troublo doublo — Do not fret. Bear up bravely, dont ory, baby, And romombor that you may bo ? ' Happy yot. Sing the blithest song you knew of , And wait a bettor throw of Fortune's dico. Hard it may bo to bo morry, But you'll own that this is vory Goudadvico: It does not tako a very hard hit to knook some people Billy. Before arithmetic was invontod poople mul tiplied on the facp of tho earth. Lovo is an exouso for a woman to tell you all hor troublos. The greatest of all pootry is a girl's first love letter. Landladies aro famous gossips; the pay groat attention to roomors. It ia considered a protty serious oharge to bring against a woman to say that sho moans nil sho says. . . Poor woman ; if her husband sneezes ho wakens tho baby, and if the baby cries it wakens him. A sulky girl may sometimes be oured by taking her in a buggy with a Boat just wide enough for two. *. An old maid sho wished, sho was an auo ioneer, for it would bo perfectly proper to say. ' Make mo an offer. Interesting Business. Abarristor trying to serve his olient hy throwing Buspioion upon a witness in ? ease in tho courso of cross-examination, said — ' You havo admitted thatyou were at the pri soner's houso every night during this time r ' Yes, sir,1 replied thbwitness. . ' Wore you and he interested in any busi togetherr' ' \ 'WeU,' annwored tho (man, hesitatingly, ?Yes.' ???'. . . \ ? ' ? ' Ah! Now, will you be good enough to tel 1 us how and to what oxtont/land what the na ure of this business in whioh vou and he were interested P' ? \ 'Woll, I ha vono objection to' telling,' was the reply. ' I was oourting hli daughter.' Tho beautiful in art— a prottf. face in tho latest stylo of bonnet. ' a Nothing makes one. moro uncomfortable than to be stared at by a glass oye; Stranger (in the country) — ' Sonny, wher can I get a drink ?' Sonny — ' Down to oa horse trough.' There is no law to prevent people who de sire statues from leaving money behind to pay for them, provided th6y have it. The philosopher is like the mopn^-his brightness is due to reflection. He is not al ways bright when he is full, howaver. We all know that it is wrong to talk about people behind their baoks ; but talking abont a man in front of bis book is not so easy. ' It is easier for some people to write their memoirs,' remarked Goggles, ' than it is to find readers for them after they are written.' Speaking of the whatwouldyoudoif you-were-a-man question, it was an un feeling woman who said she supposed , she would make a fool of herself just like any other man. ' Don't be too severe on tho mana wno j scolds his wifo in publio. Perhaps that is the only time he dares to do so. 'Had you sir,' said Harry Brown to a dilatory tradesman, 'been to buiidthoark, wo should not havo had the Flood yet.' Mrs. Smithington— ' Oh! Mr.Tibkin, you are always so kind in coming to see me off.' Little Tipkin— ' Not at aU ; it is always a pleasure. . I do detest a man that's closo, And, furthermore, a day ; But if a pretty girl is oloso I feel tho other way. . Young Wifo— 'I'm putting up preserves every day now, Harry.' Young Husband( (aloud)—' May God bless and preserve you my dttriing ! (aside) and mo too.1 , 'Do the Irish make broth of their children?' asked Freddie. ' What makes you ask P' said his papa. ' Why, I heard Mr. Eafferty . say something about a ' broth of a boy.' ' Talk of mothers-in-law and sons-in-law not agreeing,' remarked Titmarsh ; 'my mother- in-law and I agree. Sho says I ought never to hava married her daughter, and I coincide with her.' ' Do you think that as a ruliJ people who attend theatres arj superstitious?' asked a travolUng man of a manager. ' Do I think so P I know it. I have seen people sit for an hour waiting for a ghost to walk.' Prospeotivo Father-in-law — 'How do you expeot to get along without a salary if you are going to got marriodp' Young Biniloy Bas ker— ' That is not tho point— how am 1 to got along if I don't got married ?' Friend (to young author) — 'Your now volume of pooms is vory nioe, but don t you think three shillings is rather a high price P' Young Author—' No, indeed, I don'c. Why, you won't got a decent copy of Shakospeuro under half-a-orown.' ' Why that far-away look, dear P' he said, tenderly. 'Are you gazing into tho futuro, . and oontoraplating the rostful happinoss which is oominp to you and mo, lovo f No George,' sho replied^dextorously suppressing a yawn, ' I was moroly looking at tho olooii.' OOSFKL FORTIIS SHALL HOY. Oh, ' Johny -jump-up,' don't forgot _ The longest, lives aro lives of laughter — Consider all the times you've sot For His that haven't happonod yot ; Thera's no occasion for rogret. Or worry ustil after. , Magistrate—' The young woman says that your oontinued staring at her annoyed her exoessively.' Prisoner— 'I novor intentionally annoyed a woman in my life, your honour. Magistrate—' Then why didyou stare at ? her bo persistently P' Prisonor — ' Booauso sho is pretty, and I oouldn'c help it.' YDang woman— ' Let him go, judgo,' ' Edward (nshlngly)— ' I think of going to tho Cannibal Islands as a missionary, Ciooly, but you havo only to »ay one littlo word to bid mo stay, darling.' Cicely (after a mo ment's thought)—' And did tho horrid things oat tho last missionary, Edward?' Edward (oagerly)— ' Yes, Cicely, yes ; they loft noth ing but tho bonos.' Cicely— ' Oh, how ex oiflnir ! Yes, I think that it is your .duty to . go, Edward.' The following is on extract from a real composition written by a email sohool-boy : — The subjeot given by tho teaohor vras tho extensive one of ' man.' Here's what the small boy wrote : — ' Man is a wonderful ani mal. Ho has oyos, ears, and mouth. His ears aro mostly for catching oold in and hay ing tho earaoho. Tho noso is to got sniffles with. A man's body is split half- ways up, and ho walks on tho split ends.' # __ ' My dear,' said a gontloman to his wifo, 'whero did all thoso bookB.como from?' 'You know you said this moraing that we ought to study BBtronomy, and I went to a bookstall and bought everything I could find on the subject' It was somo minutes before ho spoke. ' My dear,' ho thon said, his voico husky with emotion, '_I never said wo must study astronomy — I suid wo muat study economy.' 1 Thomas, if my wifo asks you whero I am toUherlhavugonotolhoopora.' Sorvant— 1 Certainly, sir, oertaiuly ; but whore are you really going, in base anybody should want to know PV ... Nowadays the young mon of thb porioa don't go down on their kneusinnorvous agony before thoir future wWos. Thoy hold a soli taire diamond ring abovo thoir heads and the girls jump for it. Needed ooaohing.— Young farmor (opolo getioaUy) — ' I know I'm n perfect boar in my manners, Miss Edna.' Swoot sixteen (hosita tingly) — 'No, you'ro not; you— you nevor llllirn'od mA vfifc.' ' So your old undo is dead, Charley P' 1 Yes, died yesterday.' He was a vory ccoon triooldfcUow. Do you think ho was alto gether right in his head?' 'Well— er— I couldn't say, you know, tiU tho wiU is road. ' Your son has settled down nnd married, I understand ?' ' Yes to the best andmost sub missive Uttlo lady in tho world.' ' How oame ho to he so fortunate f ' ? Oh, he married a typ°wrH°r» one who wasusod to Doing diotatoa Fond Mamma— Oh, undo, you should soo our darling whon I play tho piano ; Ho just listens by thehour.and when I oeaso playing the nurse has to tako him away, ho ones bo awfully.' Cynical undo— ' Perhaps— aw— my ? dear, ho -aw— woepsfor— aw — joy.' _ Young widow — 'Mr. Preuohly, will you marry mo P' Mr Proaohly— ? WoU, really, Mrs. Buoknor, this is so sudden and ? Young Widow—' Oh, woll take your timo to think it over. Mr. Htirkins and I thought wo'd like to havo you porform thoservioo lor ns.' '; Mrs. Gibblegabblo— ' Dootor, thoro is somo thing the mattor with my tonguo; it pains mo badly at times, and I don't know, what to do for it.' Physioian— ' Plaoo a little ootton pillow under it between meals ; it may bo tired and needs a rost.' Mrs. Gibblegabblo —'But I couldn't talk then.' Physician— ' That is why I proscribo tho pillow. 'You advertised for a boy.' f Yes, Do you want a place P' ' Yos, Bir.' 'Do you whistlo P' 'No, sir.' 'Do you ciirro your name on desks and benohos 1' 'No eir.' ' Do you play ball during offioo houra P' ' Oh, no sir!, Never.' 'I'msorry. Youwon'tdo. I wanted a boy, and individuals who do not . behave as I have indicated aro not boys.' Tho great difficulty about advioo is tho pro dominance of quantity over quaUty. \- When a man's tompor gots tho boat of him it reveals the worst of him. An observation found in tho album of a Frenoh ' psychologuo'— the ' husband of . a pretty woman is neve/ sympathetic Mabol — Amy, what has bocomo of your Anti- Slang Sooioty. Amy— Oh, it's in tho soup. . When a young man with plenty, of Bund marries a young woman with plenty of rooks thoro is no reason why their houso should not stand. . It Tioklcd Him— Friond— Aro you happy P Spirit (through medium) — Porfootly so. , Friend — What has pleased you most sinoo you - loft us? Spirit— Tho epitaph on my tombstono It both amuzo and delights mo. - p. A bad habit is IDco a oat in that it has many lives, and liko a oat you wUl , have to' lull it nine timos boforo you are suro it is dead. 