GfRIFFO AND MORANV ; Tlio Little Wouder 'Wins. HE WANTS TO MEET IKE WEIR, '?*?'. ? ? ___^_ ? ? ??-?-,.. :. Aud He Laughs at Murphy. Onoe more Griffo. the littlo human bull terrier, has got neatly and oasily, away with a. man iu Buporb condition, , bigger than himself in every way, and an old ring celobrity. Paddy Moran mot his dot eat at the Champion s hands last Friday .night like a man. He was whipped every stop of the journoy, and stood up to' his gruel unflinch ingly until ho saw that ho hadn't a ghost of a cbauco of pulling off tho match, and then he mot his fall like a thoroughbred Australian. Ho didn't walk over tho stage and say, 'Gontlomon, I give this fight to Mister Griffo,' nor did ho toll a pitiful lie, and say that tho gloves ho had worn during the contest wore got at. No, Moraii was too manly to say anything of this sort. Ho simply held out his hand to his conquoror aud admitted that the little chap carried too many' guns for him, and if Billy Murphy had done tho same thing I and all Australia would havo thought more of him than we do at present. Porhaps it is slightly out of place to refer to Murphy at all in this report, but as tho American mail has just oome to hand with a lettor which it is alleged Billy Murphy wrote to the Calif ornian Press leant abstain from dragging him in. especially as I have just received a letter 4nd a telegram from the erratic gent himself in whioh ho claims to want to moot Griffo again. Now I am authorised by Griffo, the undis puted Champion Feathor-woight Boxer of the World, to toll Mr. Billy Murphy that if he can find a stako he can have a match at Albury, and to put the matter clearly to our English and American roodors I may state that Albnry is a town located on the border line which divides Victoria from New South Wales, and Griffo has chosen it as being a neutral ground. Ho won't go to Melbourne. I think lie would be a fool if he did until after certain arrangements are altered in athletic circles in that city, and ho will not compel Mnrphy to come to Sydney, as hehasaporfect right to do as holder of the proud title ; so, if Billy Murphy really means war and not idle words here is his opportunity. Let him put up .£50 in this ollico and get to work at once, for it will tako him a life-time of good deeds to undo the foul impresiiions holms made by his letters to America. Griffo is on his mottlo, aud ho is prepared to show Murphy in a 2;tft.. ring that it is hot such men as lie who can dare to call New South Wolshmon convicts. Murphy need not trouble to write to this office again unless he souda along his deposit to bind a match to a finish with tho Champion. I thought that he threw over his last fight with Griffo, and now I don't know what to think of tho man ; but all or best part of the Sydney sports think him a rank quitter. THE FIGHT. A couple' of very smart and willing bouts preceded the championship contest. Young ITKeuzie and young Seguy were the first, and they gave a rattling show. Then Dummy Winters and young Funnell put in somo nice, cracoful and vigorous work. Thon Griffo entered tho ring, accompanied by his faithful mentor aud second, dandy Jack Fuller, and Jack Bateman. Moran was on his his heels with Eddy Seymour and George Eussell. Moran looked very fit, aud towered over Griff in every way, aud it looked as if the little phenomenon had been set too hard a task evon for his prowess. Fuller won tho toss and sent the Moran party over to the fatal 'hoodoo' corner, out of which so seldom a winner emerges. A few sensible words of caution and advice from Sid Broomiield sont tho men. away upon their journey, and they sprang together looking very confident and happy as Eound 1 opened. — Griffo looked far tho prettiest lad or the pair antl nis snarp leatures wero set like marble as he fiddled like a master. Moran broke tho ioe by letting go a long loft, which the champion avoided prettily, then Moran chopped across with a wicked right, but Grift' was sailing away out of clangor- with a morry twinkle in his eyes that said volumes for his confidence. Then Moran swung tho loft for the belly, but Griff jumped away and came again like a flash, and put tho left four times home on Moran's face without a return. Thon tho men stood close in, and somo ratlior wild fighting followed, until Griff spanked homo a daisy left on the mouth, and crossed his opponent neatly with the right on tho chin, and sont him reeling on to tho ropes. Moran pulled himself together and shot a long right at the heart, but Griff avoided neatly. Moran then tried a loft hook for the jaw and missed, and Griff landed him a daisy on the chin with the left flush from the shoulder. Eound 2. — This round made Moran's party look as if they had caught the wrong pig by the ear, as Griff fairly smothered his man, dealing out left after left square on the face, and ducking from the returns like a trades man. In fact Moran was lost, and lie seemed to realiso it, for he did not get in a blow all the round. Eoued 3.— Griffo opened the ball by sending in a brace of lovely lefts on the mouth. Moran rushed, but he wus not within .throo feet of his man when he lot go his heavy right hand and Griffo commenced to laugh at him. Moran trot homo a light loft aud a iair right on tho ear, aud the Eocks lad punched him silly, with clean, neat, loft handed jabs on the mouth, chin, and throat, and it was very ovidont that unless Moran had n slice of luok ho was a dbad bird for tho champion. Moran now changed his tactics by poking out his left arm strong and stiff, and this kept Griff at bay for a spoil. Bound 4.— Griff got homo a dandy brace of lofts on the face, and Moraii got his right hard home on the ribs, aud then the Eocks lad shook him to pieces aud made him look like n. chump by dazing him with cloau long loft stabs in the face. Moran got home a heavy right on the back of tho head, and tried nulling, but Griir used his feet liko a dancing master, and got away with no trouble at all, and his stock went up like a balloon. Then ho foolod his man completely by his tricky graft, and got homo throo dandy lefts fair on the mouth, Moraii replying again and again with heavy right swings for tho oar which never got near their mark. ' He changed his tactics and fought for tho body and got homo pretty hard a couple of times, but did not alter his chances of victory a bit. Eound 5. — This round was all Griffo's, and he let a lot of knowledge of the art of modern boxing into Moran, and it looked now as if an earthquake couldn't 'whip tho champion. Eound G. — Moran came as a surprise party for Griff this round, and more than hold his own; ho landed his right on tho ear a couplo of times hard and heavy, and twice got homo with good left hooks in tho face, and once with the right under the heart, while Griff got in a few neat left jabs in the face, and one nice chop on the jaw with tho right hand. : ? Eound 7 — This round paw both men doing a lot of fancy work, and it was evident that Griff was fast bringing the bigger' lad down to his own sizo. Griff shot home a pair of daisy lefts, and Moran, who did, his best fighting in this round, got even with the terror by sending his right hard on the ear, and his loft in tho face, while his right again found tho soft spot undor the heart. ' Griff kept pegging away with the loft hand fair on tho lace anu throat, ana once lie banged tho right hard on tho chin, and it looked as if Moran'a logs would commence the kissing act. /- ? Eound 8. — During tho first two minutes Griff doalt out a lot of gruel by clean loft stabs, and at the same time he ovaded all Moran's attempts to get home a knock-out blow. Then tho pair stood together, and a good willing slugging match followed, in whioh the honors woro about . oven. Griff then started to fiddle Mb man. and he made him look like a wooden man by his remarkable cleverness. Tho Champion shewed that ho had learnt a lot from Billy Murphy by suddenly limping in and upporcuttiug in tho erratic Jilly'sbost stylo, and the change didn't do Moran a bit of good, as his legs began to rook. At the end of the round Moran fought better, aud a nice ' rally followed, in whioh honors were oasy, but Griff had his man well in baud and the issue was never in doubt, though just before tho call' of corners Moran got in a daisy right on tho ribs. Eound 9.— During the first minute, Moran took a big lead; getting homo with the right on the ribs and stopping Griff's right for the ohin very neatly, thon ho mado a big rush and tried to oornor the ohampion, but he might as well havo tried to battle a shadow, as Griff assed under his arm and let him slide on to thoronos. Thon. 3riff boltod him silly with tho left hand, kooping it on tho f aao all tho jburnoy, until Moran looked mighty sick of the contest, but he came, again, and got homo hard on the ribs with tho right a oouplo of timos, and sent the loft with a hook .on to Griff's face Eound 10.— This was a rattling round, both men fighting well - the whole journey, and though it was evenly mixed it was patent to all. that Griff was playing 'kiss and come again' with his .man, and the Moran party wero vory down in the mouth ovor it, as thoir man was tho woakost of tho two at tho call of oornora. '.'.'' .-,'.. Eound 11.— Griffo lod and got homo with the left, thon he passed undor Moran's long left arm, came boliiud him, and as tho big follow turned Griff sent'in one, two, threo fair on mouth, nose, and chin, and thon spanked Moran on the jaw with the right hand. A splendid rally followed, and .-then Griff played tho doyil's tatoo on Moran's face, making him look liko a greenhorn at the tamo. 'Moran rushed and triod to worry the little follow down, but Griff turuod upon him and set sail at him in turn, and gave him a doing ho will romombor all his life long;' tho left hand found the mouth and noso, and tho right came along on the jaw so ofton that Moran began to get« full of it,- and it was a fact patent to all old ring-goers that ho rocognised that his case was a hopeless ono. Griff was now smiling, oonlidont and full of tricks, and' he has never showed tp greater advantage than when in this round he coolly avoided Moran's rushes, and ducked undor bis Ravage onslaughts as cool as an ice ohest. Out of a clinch Moran claimed a foul, which elicited the reply of 'fight on' from tho referee, and to tho end of his chapter Griffo made things very sultry for his foo, who had not a ghost of a chance with the Champion. Bound 12.— Griff went out with a great rush, nud lot go his loft with a vicious swing in the belly, whioh, shook Moran up a lot. Then the pair mixed it for fully half a minute, in . which things wero about dead oqual. Then Griff stood off his man and gave him a deuco of a thrashing, and a fool with a glass-eyo could soo. that Moran's chances were like the Eev. Mr. Buckley's. Griffo was simply playiug with Moran, and the latter's frantic attempts to hit him seemed to amuse the little wonder, for ho grinned and ducked'aud played head man at a picnic party all through the round. Eound 13 and last.— Morau met a determined rush of tho champion's with a good left hook in the mouth which rilod Griff, and he set sail at his foe to finish him, and after shooting his left home four times iii succession on the mouth he crossed him on the chin, and Moran went down and waB oounted out. Bemabub. Moran was whipped fairly and squarely, and he had u fair deal. Thereferoo was perfectly fair and just to both men, and not a murmur was raised against his decision. The audience was impartial and generous in. all its dealings, and the fight was won upon its merits. Moran was not knocked clcau out, but he was whipped at all points of the game, and his heart was broken by tho 'cleverness of his foo. Griff kept with him and worried him down, and the lad showed that he is a wonder, and tho next thing that the now celebrated Sydney Amateur Athletic Club had better do is to put up a tremendous big purso and pay Ike O'Noil Weir's expeuses out from America, and get the famous Belfast Spider and Griffo together in the ono ring, and thon wo will be prepared to hand iii our checks and die, for we shall have seen the two cleverest mon on earth at the game in grim earnest. 