MUSIC. The programme at the Saturday afternoon concert of the Victorian Orchestra was of special interest, as it contained five numbers that had not been heard before. These were the overture " King Stephen," 1 Beethoven ;IScotch Rhapsody in G, No. 1, Mackenzie ; overture " Gnstave," Auber ; I " Danse Maccabre," Saint-Saens; and Feet-1 March in C, Raff. The Beethoven over ture was composed, together with other music, for a drama by Kotzebue, entitled "King Stephen." Although the masterly hand of the musical giant is plainly dis cernible, it cannot be included among bis greatest works. The Scotch Rhapsody is one of two, the other being inscribed "Burns." It is after the style of the Hungarian Rhapsodies by Liszt, consisting of three movements—allegro ben marcato, adagio molto, allegretto giocoeo—which follow on without intermission. It is remarkable for the skilful treatment of Scotch melodies and for effective orchestration. The national element is preserved throughout, and is as gratifying to the Scottish ear as iB the heather to the Scottish eye. Ab was to be expected, the applause at the termination was loud and long continued. The " Gustave" overture is in the French composer's usual bright and happy manner, I and accordingly found favour with the j audience. Saint-Saens' "Dans Maccabre" is a cleverly written, though eccentric composition. It depicts a midnight "dance of death," pre liminary to which a spectral violinist is heard tuning his fiddle for a waltz for other ghosts to dance to. The idea suggested by the xylophone is the ghastly rattling of bones, and the picture is altogether a morbid one, amusing to some and producing a dif ferent effect on others. Tbe Feat-March by Raff was originally! written for pianoforte, and afterwards re-| written for orchestra by the composer him self. It is majestic and pompous, and con tains a very effective trio movement in marked contrast to the foregoing. The symphony for the day was Mendelssohn's "Italian," which is well known to Mel bourne audiences, and with its warm glow of southern gaiety is always welcome. Mr. W. T. Barker gave as a harp solo a I study in F by J. Thomas, and as an encore j another study by tbe same composer. The performance under Sir. Hamilton Clarke'e baton was, taken altogether, satis factory, although in one or two instances there was room for improvement We regret having to record that tbe attend ance was a meaere one, the Town- ball being only about half filled. With so excellent a programme this does not reflect creditably on the public estimation of good music. On Thursday evening a Beethoven pro-I gramme had the desirable effect of drawing j together a very large audience in the Town-' hall This is as it should be. Unless we j are mistaken, the C minor symphony alone— which waa included—would insure a good attendance. Amongst musicians this is con sidered, after the ninth, the finest of Beet hoven's works of this class, and its popu larity with the general pnblic was amply demonstrated during the late Exhibition con certs. Tbe following are the movements Allegro con brio; andante con moto, A flat; scherzo, leading to finale; allegro in C major. The first movement opens with the famous rhythmic figure of four notes, which gives us the key to the entire work. Beethoven, when questioned about it, replied, "that is how fate knocks at tbe door," and as has been observed, "the phrase seems a fitting text for a movement so full of the struggles of life, of conflicts and victories, and laments, and triumphs, and happiness." The andante is one of those exquisitely beautiful, melo dious inspirations that [once heard cling to the memory and haunt the ear for long alterwards. The treatment of the theme,- in varied form, is inexpressibly charming, The scherzo, which is partly heard again in the finale, is subdued, weird, and mys terious. The trio, with its rapid passages for the ponderous basses, is. humorous in the highest degree. The final allegro is all vic tory and joy, and is a splendid close to a magnificent work. Towards the end a gradual crescendo and accelerando culminates in presto. A novelty at these concerts, the wisdom of which we are disposed to doubt, was die in troduction of chamber music. The work re ferred to was tbe quintet in E flat, Op, 16, for pianoforte, oboe, clarionet, bassoon, and born, which wag played by Mr. Hamilton Clarke, lb*. W. R. Morton, Mr. E, Lyons, Mr, PhiiLacgdale, and Mr. A. M. Laweon. This has been so frequently heard in Melbourne during the past few: years, both as quintet and quartet for pianoforte and string, that it is how well known to all appreciative amateurs. The performance on Thursday-was anything but satisfactory; it was taken at too fast a tempo throughout, tbe one aim appearing to be to see how quickly it could be got through, and the "beauty was thereby annihilated. Mn Max Klein contributed as a viblinsolothe 'Ho* stance in G op. 40, and treated It in thoroughly artistic fashion,- the teauRbeing a pleasure to listen to, which was evidently the opinion of the an£«nce, ths applause being unusually loud and long-continued. ; The remaining orchestral numbers were theovertures "Coflolan,'" " Prometheus," and " Egmont" The programme was altogether' S splendid and well-selected oee/and the only matter of regret eras that the performance was hardly up to the level of the Tiotoriau Orchestra. At the concert this after noon— for which the inmates of the mind-Awluta have been invited, Oowen'e -'ScanduiaT^q Symphony " will be given. A Becond plebiscite concert will take place on Thursday next, when none ol the ntimben selected on the previous occasion will be re peated. Voting papers may be obtained in the hall thia afternoon, and should be left with the doorkeeper. Thie evening a concert will be given la the Freemaeons'-hall, when the new organ built by Messrs. Fincham and Hobday will be opened. 