NEEDLES= "Short, Sharp, Shiny." Dull. Cricket. Theatre. Garner's. Derby day. Tempus Fugit. A soap jubilee. Political crime. Norwood cloak. Yachtsmen out, Gillies resigned. Marzi Baza sports. Attacks on Stanley. "Jim the Penman." Eleventh month, 1890. Patawalonga blocked up. Stanley accused of greed, Yachting season opens to-day. Sir Maur and Christie Murray. A cry from Glenelg yachtsman. Big bullion shipments last month. Adelaideans in force in Melbourne. Jubilee of Burford & Sons' business. What's your favorite for the Derby? Jews congratulate Cardinal Manning. A Cornish Musical Association formed. Rev. D. Badger died suddenly at Echuca. Congratulations from Australian mayors. Lord Jersey leaves for Australia on Novem- ber 21. Messrs. Troup and Stairs go for the ex- plorer. Burford & Sons' have been in business 50 years to-day. Sydney Agricultural Bureau regrets Mr. Crawford's decease. Grand military tournament on Old Exhi- bition Grounds to-day. Dr. Leahy, Roman Catholic Bishop of Dromore, died last month, aged 88. A little more than 200,000,000 tons of coal are now burned annually throughout the world. Smaller shipowners are afraid that foreign bottoms will get the trade if they lay up their vessels. Encourage our defenders by patronising the Lancers' sports. Good programme; plenty of competition. The clock presented by Sir E. T. Smith to the Norwood people will be started by Lady Smith this afternoon. In August the emigrants from Great Britain to countries out of Burope were:—English, Scotch, 2,469; and Irish, 5,235. Aluminium, which is so abundantly present in common clay, is the lightest of all the metals that possess any commercial value. Thousands of miserable city waifs, says Philadelphia Christian Standard, only know the green grass as something to "keep off" of. Twenty thousand German singers who had their festival in Vienna are said to have con- sumed 24,000 gallons of beer within a day and a half. If a large number of newspapers can bring it about "electrocution" will be the word to designate the judicial act of execution by elec- tricity. The missionaries of Calcutta are protesting against a new municipal by-law, which is in- tended to put a stop to preaching in the public squares. The last census in New Zealand reveals the interesting fact of a profession of religion on the part of no less than 95 per cent. of the whole population. An eminent scientist is quoted as saying that in five years there will not be a steam locomo- tive on any railway in the United States, and that every kind of machinery will be driven by electricity. "Olt in the stilly night" was produced by Moore after his family had undergone ap- parently every possible misfortune. One of his children died young, another went astray and a third was accidentally killed. NOTEWORTHY SAYINGS. The natural alone is permanent.—Long- fellow. There never was a good war or a bad peace.— Franklin. A man will endure anything but a wound to his self-love; a woman anything but a rival. A Frenchman's love is 90 per cent. vanity. He wishes all the world to envy him his mis- tress.—Edmond About. Death and love are the two wings Which bear man from earth to heaven. —Michael Angelo. In taking care that your cleanliness is next to ypur godliness, take care also that your god- liness is not next to nothing. Never despair of making yoursel felt some where. If you can't make an impression abroad, try being less disagreeable at home. GLEANINGS OF HUMOR. A very little food goes a long way with a giraffe. He—"I'll never marry a strongminded woman. She—"No, I don't think you will." Thiz iz thee fate of man—To be in luv or to be in det. Sumtimes he is in both, this is tuff; sumtimze he iz out of both, this iz tuffer. There are more than five million women in the British Isles, and yet to watch the disap- pointed lover you would think there was only one. Alice (2 a.m. in the parlor)—"O, George I hear papa coming! Run!" George (smiling) "He won't come in here." "How do you know?" "I lent him £20 this morning." Not so Very Bad.—Anxious young wife— "Do you really feel too unwell to go out to dinner, dear? You see, I am all ready." The Would-be Invalid—"Well, what is there for dinner if we stay at home?" At a suburban dinner party—Local to- bacconist who goes out waiting of an evening, to guest—"Champagne, sir? Beg pardon, sir (in dramatic whisper) but you forgot to pay for that ounce of bird's-eye what you 'ad this after- noon." "Tommy," said his mother, do you think you'll get a prize at school for being good?" "No, ma," said Tommy. "Why not, sir?" asked his father sternly, laying down his paper. "Because they don't give any," answered Tommy meekly. "I suppose you find this to be a hard, hard world do you not?" she said, as she gave the tramp a loaf of stale bread. "Yes'm," an- swered the tramp, trying to make a dent in the loaf with his knife, "but we frequently strike things that are harder." Little sister—"I know who's goirg to call to-night; it's Harry." Big sister—"How do you know?' Little sister—"You picked out his picture and put it on the mantel where he would see it, and took down Mr. Jones's and laid his away until Sunday night." "Now, sir," said the colonel to the major, "I took no notice of your behaviour last even- ing, considering the state you were in; but are you aware you put your umbrella in my car?'' "Oh, thank you so much," replied the major; "I'd no notion where I'd left it. Would you mind returning it?" "Mamma," said a little five-year-old boy who disliked to be washed, "do you know why papa growed big so much faster than I do?" "Why do you think he did, my child?" ''Because grandma did not rub so hard when she washed him. You rub so hard that you keep me rubbed down little." Reginald—"I love you, Madeline. For you I would give up family, position, wealth——" Madeline—"Hold, Reginald. Giving up family is all right—I fain would be spared a mother-in-law—give up your position if you can get a better one, but for heaven's sake hold on to your wealth. We may need it." Mrs. Fussy—"I wish you would either shave yourself or let your whiskers grow; it is fright- ful for you to be going around with a week's beard on your face." Mr. Fussy—"My dear, you make my life a burden. I shave you say I look like a dried mummy, and if I don't you declare in two weeks that I am a wild beast. What's to be done?" "Are you an Oddfellow?" "No, sir, I've been married a week." "I mean, do you belong to the order of Oddfellows?" "No, I belong to the order of married men." "Dear me! how dull! Are you a Mason?' "No; I'm a carpenter." "Worse and worse. Are you a Son of Temperance?' "Confuond it, no! I am a son of Mr. John Gosling." The humorist went his way. "You have asked to see me?" said an employer to his clerk. "Yes, sir.'' "What is wanted?" "I wish to make a claim which I doubt not your sense of justice will accept." "Very well—what is it?" "I do the same work as Z., and I am paid a pound a month less than he. Is that fair?" "No; you are perfectly right. I will at once reduce Z.'s salary a pound!" A museum keeper recently wanted a dwarf. He got one; that is he got what he called a dwarf. As a matter of fact the new freak was as big or nearly as big as an undersized man. A countryman entered the museum and looked at the dwarf. "Pooh!" he said, "that ain't no curiosity." "It ain't no curiosity, hey?" said the museum man, " Why, that," he went on proudly, "that is the bigger dwarf in the world." A story is told of a shrewish Scotswoman who tried to wean her husband from the dram- shop by employing her brother to act the part of a ghost and frighten John on his way home. "Who are you?" asked the farmer as the apparition rose before him from behind a bush. "I am Auld Nick," was the reply. "Are ye really?'"exclaimed the old reprobate, with much satisfaction instead of terror. "Mon, come awa. Gie's a shake o' your hand; L. am married to a sister o' yours!" 