The Sydney Morning Herald \------------- FRIDAY, JUNE 27, 1890. \--*-- PniKCE Fbbdixahd, of Bulgana, is visiting Vienna. There is disruption in the Bulgarian National Party, und eovoral changüí of offices have taken place. TitE return match betweon the Australian Eleven and Yorkshire waa won by the latter by eight wickets. Ik reply to tho Agonts-General of the Australian colonies, the Financial Secretary to the Treasury has indicated that Mr. Gosohen's answer on the subject of sharing the guarantee in connection with the cabio tariff will probably bo of an unfavourable nature. The prices for greasy wool at tho London sales chow a fair general steadiness. The decline ia ohiody noticeable in tho caso of scoured wools. Tnr. Viotorian Railway Bill bow no longer assumes any party shapo. A committeo of mom bars of the Legislative Assembly waited on tho Premier, nnd asked him to increase the mileage of tho proposed railway extension» by »t loast «100 I milos. Mr. Gillies intimated that h'j was favour ablu to making o substantial inerwio. Tua Karl of Carnarvon is sorio_s\y ill. IlcrxYixo to a deputation nt Goulburn, Mr. Eddy etatod that ii tho differential railway rates wero abolished tho rovonuo o£ tho rail«vnvs would suQor to tho oxtcnt ot £150,000 or £200,000, and an enormous trado would. f;o away from Now South Wales. Tub Bill dooling with tho housing o£ Iho work- ing olassoB in linglau.il. has boon roforred to tho Grand Committeo of tho ïïouao of Commons. Ik tho Bankruptoy Court yosterday morning a croditor's petition was granted by Mr. «Tustico Manning against Mi.'. J. S. Hawthorn!', M.L.A. Mr. Hawthorno, «a ho rosignod last night, had represented l!almni\i in tho preiont Assembly. UÍ3 estate wasordorod to ho sequestrated. Titi: lobonrore.' disputo at Hobart lias been amicably sottled» The bill for t'ao ropoal of tho Tarty Processions Act was boforo iho Legislativo Council last night After an anirnr.ted dobato a division was called for on tho motion, for tho second reading, and it being found that t'jero was not a quorum present tho Houso adj'auTuod. It ia stated that tho Nowoastlo Charabor of Oom merco ip.teuda to proto«t against tho cxloosion of the Kovth Shore railway from tho prosont terminus to MiUou's Point Itr.rr.KSESTATivns of tho Mynioipal Council of Newcastle waited upon the Ministor for Lands yes- terday «ith refcrenco to the leasing of portion of tho lí'ortiíicaUon Reservo. T-HK Oceanio Company's R.M.S. Zoalandia nrri«rod yesterday afternoon from San Francisco, via usual porta, Sho had boon doloyod by heavy wostorly palos. The Zcalandis's dates aro San Frnnoisoo .May 31, Honolulu Juno 7, Tutuila Juno l'l, Auck- land Juno 22, Mada-b Mkliu has securod an engagement for a series of performances ia London, during tho nott season, at a rémunération of £200 per night Our. San Francisco correspondent refers to the railway acoidont at Oakland, the M'Kinloy Tariff Bill, the silver question, the taking of the olovonth census in the United States, and a number of minor matters. The Customs dntios roooivod yesterday amounted to £86«. It is prohablo that S, 51. J. Wood«, of tho Cam- bridge University team, will play with the Aus- tralian Eloven. The members for Bourke hsd a long interview with tho Minister for Works and tho Acting Engineor-in-Cbiof for Hailwoya yesterday, with référença to tho construction of an embankment at Bourka A rETiTio.N- signad hy 1000 residents of the Maoloay district was presented to the Minister for Work« jestorday, asking that n bridge bo built ovor the Macleay River at Kempsey. At tho meeting of the Public Works Committoo yesterday, Mr. 0. W. Darloy, Enginoor-in-Chiof for Harbours and Rivers, was o\ am hi eil in relation to the proposod extension of tho North Shore railway to the waters of Port Jackson. Floods have occurred in Gippsland. A largo number of houses in Bairnsdale havo boen sub- merged. The gasworks aro under water, and tho navigation of the rivor is stopped. Thk various labour organisations inNowZoolond are stated to havo a membership of -10,000. Ix tbo action of Lovien v. Fox, for libel, in No. 8 Jury Court yesterday, a vordict for tho dofondant was roturnad. A convkbexce botweon tho Seamen's Union, tho Trades and Labour Council, and tho Marítimo Council w»b held last night with tho view of tak- ing concerted action in connection with tho impend- ing strike Tho meeting was held with oloscd doora, Db. Bowkbu brought in a bill in tho Legislative Council last night to rogalate the practice of medicino and surgery in the colony of Now South WalrB, and it was read tho first timo. At the meeting o( the Trades and Labour Council last nicht it was stated that since the formation of tho Omnibus Employees' Union a number of mon had boen discharged bocause they had joined thu union. A deputation was formed to wait on the chairman of tho company to ask that thoy bo re- instated. English officials deolaro that thoro is no prece- dent for tho colon os asking England to contribute to the cable subsidy. It is stated that if the oolo nios insist upon their doubla demand that the home Government should share in tho subsidy as well as in the guarantee against lose, it would pro- bably result in both being refused. Tins Marquis of Lothian, according to Truth, stated that very probably Lord Balfour of Bur- leigh would bo appointed to succeod LorJ. Carring- ton. The Trades and Labour Council has dcoided to assist the Shearers' Union in its endeavour to abolish non-uni.n labour. Tnx echoonor Elsie, which has arrivod safo l.t Thursday Island, was reported to havo boen de- stroyed by natives and tho crow murdorod. The Queensland Assembly yesterday had a long discussion on the question of tho compulsory assurance of railway omployoes. Ik tbo Import markets jestorday trade was ex- tremely quiet, the inclement woather making itself folt on tho demand for both town and country re- quirements. Breadstuff» were in very good request, prices bciog unaltered. A nrtt, ontitloi tho " Mulgo Irrigation Aot," which waB read the first timo on tho motion of Mr. F. T. llomphory, in tho Legislativo Council last night, is intended to enable George Chaffer and Henry Gorman to establish a system of irrigation and water supply withiu and adjacent to the polico district of Poarith. An exhibition of Mr. Edison's phonograph took place at the Athenmnm Hall, Melbourne, yesterday. The Governor and tho Countess of Hopetoun wore present Is th« Legislativo Assembly lait night, the Toronto Tramway Act Amendment Bill, and tho Goulburn Water Supply Chorgos Bill, woro road the third time; and tho Legislativo Council Quorum Bill was read tho second time, aud poised through committee. The Assombly, on tha motion of Mr. Brunker, went into committee to considor the expediency of bringing in a Crown Rents Bill, and after a little discussion tho bill was brought in and read the first lime. A Probate Bill and a Coal Minos Regula tien Bill were also introduced._ Hostility to tho Publio Works Com- mitteo, which has been manifest from the first, was shown very strongly in tlio Assembly on Wednesday night. The com- mittee is an instrument for carrying out Government jobï and making log- rolling easy-such in brief -was the criticism ti- the momber for New England and his friends. As Mr. Copeland explained, when taken to task in the Assembly, and at tbo meeting of the committeo yesterday, ho does not a ecu so tho body of. which he is a member of improper or unfair conduct. Iii» complaint is that tho committee is hampored by the pro- visions of tbo Act, and is obliged to play into tho hands of Ministers nnd log-rollers because it has to deal simply with rail- way lines that aro referred to it on the recommendation of the Government, and is not in a position to take uny effective action with regard to alternativeroutos. This fresh attack upon a« institution which seems to bo decried by some politicians in pro- portion to tho capacity that it displays for doing good, sound, and useful work, was excited by the action of the com- mittee in recommending for adoption the railway from Molong to Parkes nad Forbes, as referred to it by the Assombly. Two other routes, Borenore to Forbes, via Cudal, and Cowra to Forbes, are advo cnted, and it was broadly asserted by dis satisiied members that either of theso routes would have been better than the one selected. The cornmittee, as its report shows, considered the various routoa and took evidence upon thom, the result being a vote of 10 to 2 in favour of the Molong line. This decision is charac- terised as an egregious blunder. The com- mittee, however, has erred, its critics say, not because it is wanting in judg- ment, but because the line which it has chosen was placed at an advan- tage ovar its rivals. The committee could inquire a« much as it pleased into the other routes, but it had no power to recommend either of them. Under the provisions of the Act it could do no moro than xeoomniend that it was o_podiont or inoxpediont that tho lino which hnd boon reforrod to it should bo carried out. Whilo tho committeo is attacked, this limitation of its powor is donounaod as inischiovous by certain mombora, who would rofor ovory posaibhi and impossible proposal to tho committee, and loavo to it on Uroly tho duty o£ Bifting out tho good from tho bad. . From tbo drift of tho dobito on Woduosday it would Boom as though the Assembly hardly roalised the moan- ing of tho suggestion, which amounts to this, that the responsibility of initiating public works nhould bo taken from tho Government and cast upon tho Standing Committee Is it desirable that such a chungo in thopolicyof tho country should bo ruado ? It was certainly not tho intention of Farlinmnnt when it parsed tho Aot which oallod the committeo into existouco to mako such au innovation. Tho object wa« to establish rnachiuory for revising tho pioposuls submittod by Ministers, not to supersede tho Govornmont in tho exercise of one of its most important functions. This question, it may be pointed out, was raised iu tbo Assembly a yoar ago by Mr. Waddrll, who moved a resolution to tho effect that all rival railway routes should bo submit- tod to the committee. Tho proposal, vrliioh could not bo given effect to without an amendment of tho Act, was strenuously resisted by tho Government, and was ro jéotod by tho House by a largo majority. The objections which wero urged on that occasion by tho Premier and tho Miuistor for Works aro just as cogont now cb they woro then. In tho first place, to remit indiscriminately all publio works proposals to tho Corumittoe would relieve Ministers of a responsibility that they ought to boar ; and in tho next place, it would throw upon the Committeo an amount of work that it could not possibly goj. through. As it is, tho Com- mitteo is soarcoly able to keep paco with the business that is placed before it, and if it were required to talco into consideration every railway ruuto that had over boen | surveyed, it would bo ovorwholmed. It may be said, of course, that under tho Bystom to which Mr. Copblaxd so strongly objcots, the Govornmont, whon there are rival routes of railway, is in a position to promote tho chañóos of this or that lino ; but allowing that this ia tho case, thors is a limit to tho powor of Ministers and Departments. Tho Govornmont may ask Parliament to refer a particular lino of railway to the Committeo ¡but the Committee, oven though it may consider that the proposod work would bo a remunerativo one, is not obliged to rocommond it. The inquirios it makes may load it to tho conclusion that eomo othor lino would bo moro dosirublo, in which case it ia at liborty to report against the proposal which has been submittod to it, and to sug- gest tho ndoption of another route. Some- thing liko this was dono in tho case of tho Robertson and Mosb "Vale lino, and thcro is nothing to prevent tho Comtnittoo from acting with equal freedom under similar circumBtancos m the future. Whatever may be tho^ineriti of the rival lines which wero the subject of discussion on Wednosday night, it cannot be urged against the Committeo that it arrived at a decision on slight or ill-considered grounds. Tho report of the Soctional Committee, which tcyjk evidence on tho spot, and the re. port of the Committee as a whole, show that the question was thoroughly and carefully investigated, and the roasonsgivon in favour of Iho Molong routo aro of a substantial kind. It is not to bo supposod that tho Committee would havo made suoh a strong report, which wa9 adopted by ton votes to two, without good reason. If serious doubts had arison na to the desirableness of tho routo, suroly some trace of thom would have been found in tho roport. That dissatisfaction ha* been caused in some quarters by the decision of tho Committee is not a matter for surpriso ; it would havo beoa a strange thing if dis- content had not boen o_nro8sed. Con- flicting interests aro involvod, and what ovor the decision may havo boen some people would hnvo boen displeased. In questions of railway routes there íb no such thing as compromiso. As tho committee points out, in calling attention to the evidence that was collocted in tho country, " much of this testimony supports ono or other of tho routes or line», and dis- approves of everything which is opposod to it.'' The disappointment that is felt in tho localities which aro not to have the ad- vantages that aro so greatly desired can bo easily understood, and that tho fool- ing is rellocted in tho House is only what might have boen expected. Hut tho fact that tho committee has adopted the line which the Assembly placed before it does not justify tho accusations that havo boon mado of jobber}' and log-rolling, nor tho a sortiou that tbo whole Bystem is a failure. Tlio committeo, sinco its constitution two years ago, has done a great deal of work, the value of which is becoming moro apparent evory day. It has discharged its duties honostly and well, and, spoaking generally, it may bo auid that the object for which it was called into existence is being carried out. All that it now wanta at the hands of Parliament is fair play. Thero is a good deal of truth in some of th« statements in Mr. W. E. Abbott's lettor about the prolixity of speakers in Parliament, and its causes. It would bo a miBtako to suppose that members who talk much and talk often, in thoir places in tho legislature, do so in a single-minded spirit of devotion to tho businoss before the House. It is a good-natured error to imagine that tho representativo who catches the Spbaiusb's oyo rises to address that function- ary. What ho has to Bay is directed to his constituents ; and ho knows that the recording angels of llamará and of the daily press, who occupy an even moro oxalted position in the Chamber than the Speaker's chair, will afford him the means of reaching their wondering ears. An almost empty House would discourage soma speakers. Hut not so the practised member who knows the value of keeping himself well before the public, even at tho risk of a little unpleasant notoriety. It matters nothing to him whether tho Houso listens to him or not, so long as a quorum is kept. It is sufficient for him to know that his constituent") will road in the publio prints how ho asked this or that question, or demanded this or that explanation, or spoke in such and such terras of moro or less eloquent denunciation or approval of some measure in which Lthey are interested. He keeps himself [ well in ovidence, and makes use of the parliamentary institutions of the country as a systomatio kind of running adver- tisement. Meanwhile tho publio busi- ness is a secondary question so long as his immediate object is secured; and all that is now necessary is to multiply this example by the number of members addicted to this kind of thing, and wo get something like the real reason why legis- lators talk and comparatively little busi- ness ia done, while Parliament sits for three- fourths of the year. The demoralising effect of all this could not bo bettor shown than in tho way suggested in the letter to which wo havo ro for red. It is dismally true that the loquacious gontlomou, who havo taken up most of tho time of the House aftor this fashion, have occasionally been tho members most cherished by their constituent*?. Knowloügo of this rogrottablo fact brought, to somo extont, it own romody. No nowspaper syatom in the world could stand the ¿train put upon it by mombtjrs who t diced for tho moro purpose of Boeing thomsolves re- ported, llamardsupplied what was want- ing ; but the tallcntavo and notoriety-seek- ing legislator is imjmtiontof Hansard, and ho has a siuistor misgiving that this uu oxciting periodical has but a limited popu- larity among tbo publio at largo. Othor dovicos woro necessary. As a moan h of gotting at the public ear in tho quickost and most effoctivo way, a äisordorly Boono is perhaps as good a mothod as any, and so tho disorderly membor waa oyolvod. It is a curious illustration of the soundness of the principio uudoi lytng all thi*, thai, now and thon the vory members who havo been jnost pro- minent in theso sooucs, who havo usod the wildost and most disorderly language, and who hivo thrown thomaolvos into the most marked opposition to the Spoakèr and tho decorous sense of iho llouso, havo occu- pied tho ii ¡ghost pitacos in popular favour. There havo boon no moro popular mem bors of Parliament in this country, and none more certain of ro-olootion, than some of thoao who havo boon the most disorderly. It is not only the tone of tho House that is affected by this, nor oven the rate of pro gross at whioh the publio affairs of the colony aro advnncod ; for on tho tono of certain of the constituencies and tho inter- est of tho publio in politics gonerally tho effoot is demoralising in the oxtrome. Electors of a specitio ordor aro edu- cated to oxpect a cortain livolinoss in thoir representatives, and these gentle- men in thoir turn bocomo occenlrio to order, and disorderly uudor a sense of obligation. AVhuro tho result does not talco the form of disordor it moaudors off into prolixity, and so tho ovile react upon oach other. Quaintimportinenoos and vncu otiB inanities divide the time betweon them, and oven if a member has nothing to say, ho .will riso and say it at considerable length, rathor than loso an opportunity of ndvortising himself to his constituents. It is nothing to him that tho officers of the IIoubo and others who aro compelled to bo present, are led to dovolep a morbid intorest in tho promonitory symptoms of softening of tho brain. Tho fact that publio intorost wearies in Parliamentary prooeodings under theBO oircumstancos is of no importanco whatever. Tho art of making long specchos is culti- vated, tho waste of public time gooB on, the tono of politics is lowered, until the Logislaturo is in danger of boiug shunned by capablo mon who aro abovo tho tricks of tho trade, and who would only tako an intoroat in politics undor un honourable sense of obligation to the country; and Parliamentary institutions thomsolvos aro in somo danger of being brought into signal contempt. It is quito beside tho question to talk of tho right of freedom of speech in this connection. The unbridled licanoe some Bpoakors allow thomsolvos-and not only I the disorderly member«, be it repeated-is as far from what is meant by froo speech as theso people aro from tho ideal popular ropresontativo. It is this kind of thing that kills freo speech. Hy making rotisontiblo discussion of any proposal im- possible, the portons who fritter away tho timo of Parliament take away from the l-ost of the membors tbo right they have to express an opinion. Anj'ono who cares to watch tho course of tho (lobatos will seo that tho bulk of the talking is dono by a few persons, who rob tho rost of the House of the right of freo dora of spooch just as ofPoctually as if thoy had pasbod a gagging act for tho purpoBO. Freedom of speech, after all, is only a means to nu end. The roon who won tho privilege in the past had in their minds something altogether dif- ferent from the garrulity of many houour rable moinbcrs of tho colonial legislatures. As those old patriots understood it, the phrase meant tho solemn responsibility under which thinking mon lay to express thorasolves with serious gravity on such points of common interest as suggested themselves in council or in the adminis- tration of tho country's affairs. But it was never intontlod to miko a flood of flighty talk talco the piuco of rosponeiblo deeds. Discussion is intended ns nn aid to «action, not as a hindrance It is quite useless to remind chatterers of this, howovor, ns the notoriety-sookor will talk under any and all circumstancos. The only hopo ia in the awakening in the country of an intel- ligent interest in politics, that will bo intolerant of a state of things -which is as fatal to good government as it is a libel on true freedom of speoch. The Crown Koota Bill introduced and partially csplninoil by the Ministor for .Lands in the Assombty lust evening secins to öfter a reasonable sotllomont of what it was feared would prove a costly difficulty. That difficulty had mudo itself apparent, it will bo re- membered, through tho caso of Alison v. Burns. Plaiutiff s rents had boon appraised by tho Local Land Board, and subsequently revised and raised by the Minister. Tho lessee appealed against this action, und tho Supremo Court of this colony held that undor the Act of 1684 the Miuister for Lands for tho timo being hud the power to override tho board's appraisal and fix tho rents. This is tho viow that wo havo al\va3's taken. Plaintiff appealed to tho Privy Council, however, and tho decision was reversed. Tho matter, of courso, was one of the greatest intorest to those interested in lund tonutos in tbo colony, while tho Government was so far affootod that it was said to havo incurred a liability of a quarter of a million for rents fixed by the Minister in excess of that recom- mended by tho local boards. Mr. Bhunivkb's bill is intended to in- troduce an elemont of certainty into this vexed question, by appointing the way in which the rents of publio lands shall bo dotorminatoly fixed. The preamble recites the position of affuirs in view of the Privy Counoil's decision, and as will be seen by a paragraph elsewhere, the bill goea on to propose that whore rents havo beon fixed or notified by the Ministor at a higher rate than that appraised by tho board, the holder may apply within one month of the passing of the bill to have it determined anew by the Land Court. The burden of proof that the Minister's decision is exces- sive will lie with the appollant ; and if the Court holds that this ia the cuso, tho lessee will bo entitled to a refund calculated from tho time of the beginning of his lease. The measure is to apply to the pastor«-!, conditional, and homostead lessees, with a special provision for the Eastern Division, and saving clauses rotating to rents ap- praised under the Aot of 1880, and to flec- tion 2 of the Aot of 1887. Tho measure -was readaiirBttimolastnight,androcoivodbyf/the Houso as an oarnest and busiiess-liko proposal to deal.with the difficult whioh had arisen. The prosont position of the patties in Alison v. Burns, of couW can hu in no way affootod by tho billi but it may bo reasonably expected that di dis- putes of a similar naturo will bo ttcidod without friction by tho Lind Court, Vhioh was really oatt.ulishod t» doal with mUtôrs of this kind. \ Tho course of the tido of migratitn in tho various Australasian colonies in altost ovory instance presonts tho samo chaiac toristio». Whon from any cause work in a particular provinco becomes hard to >b tain, thoro is immediately a largo eflluxof males, for tho most part single mon who aro ablo readily to chango tlioir abole. Should the poriod of depression bo short tho curiont of migration soon turns, and tho advent of brighter times is nccompunioi by an incroaso in the number of arrival! corresponding closely to the oxcossivo emi- gration whioh previously took place, If, on tho other hand, tilings romain dull, tho drain of malus continues, and the murriod mon also are obliged to Book a market moro favourable for tho disposal of thoir labour. This is the socond stage, and, if business doos not improve, it is fol- lowed boforo long by'an oxodus of womon and children, representing the wives and families of tho mon who have already soibtlod olsowhore. Tho fortunes oí any of the oalonios have seldom been aloudod for a sufficiently long time to allow this period to bo reached, and oven in thoso oases in which the ofilnx of women has sat in it has gonorally boon associated with a rotura of the current of malo immigration. It would appear from the interesting report whioh bus just been insuod by Mr. Ayliffe, the riegistrni-Qeuoral of South Australia, that the mo vernon t of population in that colony has roached its final epoch, and tho turn of tho «ido has come. Although the number of emigrants from South Australia during 1SSD, as in the four preceding years, outrumjberod the now arrivals, tho loss from Ihii cause was smaller than it has usual!.- boon of lato, and tho excess of births '-ovor deaths was sufficiently largo to afford a substantial addi- tion to the total number of inhabitants. An examination of the figures for the twelve mouths ending in December last shows tha» South Australia lost by tho excess of departures over arrivals no fewer than 1167 tómales and. 001 children, a rocord whith must bo viewed with apprehension by thoso interested in tho welfare of tho colony, although sotno comfort may bo gained from tho fact that thoro was a net gain from immigration of 1045 malos, ipossibly indicating that tho prospects o£ \omploymont are improving. As Mr. AV-TWe points out, tho departure of so many wtmon and children is a matter of sorious mouent to the colony, for not only doos it bear testimony to the sovorily of the ordeal through which tho country has paiBod, but such emigrants do not return, anl tho oxoduë of this class of persons, to quito Mr. AY_irr_, " Beoms to indicate that a considerable portion of our population hw been leaving tis with tho intention of sdtling elsewhere." For various reuBons-pa-haps the lavish expen- diture of borrowed honey on publio works, perhaps a reported rioh find of gold or silver in ono colony or another-orowda of mon often leavo a proirinco temporarily with no thought of permanently remaining away, but the same cannot; be said of the othor box, whoso depurtura represents a lasting loss to tho population In this instance, ho wovor, the loss of oie colony is tho gain of another, and tho mutual interests of all the provinces of Australia are so closely interwoven that South Australia will still reap sotno benefit frouihor dosertors in the incronsed trado with Slvorton and Broken Hill, or across the Viotirian bordor. A mu, was introduced in tie Legislativo Council last evening whioh has for in objoot the admission of certain conveyancers is attorneys, solici- tors, and proctors of tb> Supreme Court Tho bill contemplates úut certificated con veyancors shall ¡mracdiatch; after pissing tho final examination for tho ainission of attorneys, solicitors, and proctors (bit excluding there- from that portion rolatinj to oonveyancing), bo admitted as attorneys, &&, upon the production of their certifba'os as conveyancers and thoir certificate« of oxanination. No convey ancor will l>o clig'tblo for exnnination as a solicitor unless ho prove to the cxaminrs that ho (a) has been solely engaged in the lojal profession for a period of at least five yara prior to tho date of his application for examination, or (6) that he has been prcctisag a> a certificated conveyancer during such period,« (c) that at least five years havo elapsed «inn» the granting of such ccrtillcato. The bill prort,. « for the ropaal of tho llih section of tim .-.cr j I Viccia, No. S3, but contains a olau'e preserving tho -ights and privi- leges of any person alroady dub/ authorised to praotiso asa convey ancer. Is the Legislative Assembly yesicday evening Mr. O'Connor stated that it was a rule n the depart- ment administered by him to give a Deference to moa already in tho sorvioo when vacancies ia the sorting and letter-carrying branches had to be filled. The same Minister replied to dr. Trail's query concerning the employment of a dtective to discover tho authorship of loiters appesing in a publio journal. Mr. li'Millan repliod tojuestions regarding tho reservo xille company a\ Cobar, (ha Earloy railway acridont, the lctors in a local paper, tho voaden building adjoin- ing the lending branch of tho Publio Library,-tho appointment of Mr, Quinn tea post in the Railway Department, and tho eleolon of fuiurj Govornars of Now South Wales. Thcroply to the last query was to tho offect that tho V Go- vernment has no knowledgo of any proposa for the election of futuro Governors." Mr. Bruce Sotlh stitod Hint a movement would be made, towards po viding llroken Hill with a railway by way of W| cinuin, and that the proposed bridge at Goolagong would bo much more costly than was anticipate! Mr. Gould gavo information regarding thl Court ot Petty Sossioas at Jindabyne, while Mr. Biunker roplioi to Mr. Ewing's quostions concerning pastoral leases in the Casino district Without notice, Mr. Waddell askod a question re- garding the proclamation of special areas similar U that asked by him ou tho preceding evening, and rcceivod from tho Minister for Lands a similar roply. Mr, J. P. Abbott drew attontion to a fiootl gaugo on tho Murray, and Mr. Gould explained the truo hearing of some ro marks rando by him the previous ovening in the matter of observations inado by Judges from tho Benah. The third readings of tho Toronto Tramway Act Amendment Bill and of the Goulburn Water Supply Chargoi Bill having boon carriod through with commondablo colomy, way was made for tho Ministor for Publio Works to resumo business at the point whoro it was relinquished the preceding night As somo of tho proposed measnrei, however, wero postponed till next week to maka way for other Govornmont work, Mr. Smith's place at the table waa takon by Mr. Brunkor. In a Committeo of the Whole, tho Minister for Lands obtained leivo to introduce his Crown Rents Bill, a measure necessitated by the recent dooiBion of tho Privy Council in the well known case of Alison v. Burns. The Ministor had no intention at this stage to oxplain matters in connection with the proposed measure. A mild protost from Mr. J. P. Abbott, however, to tho effect that It waa usual in similar circonstances for some explanation to be offered to the House, induced Mr. Brunker to chango his mind. Ho then etatod that the contemplated measure was tho inevitable, result of tho Privy Council's decision in tha case already mentioned. The final Court in the realm had decided that tho Minis tor had no pawer to determino roch without the conourronco of tho Land Beard. Many of tbe Crown lessees wero naturally dissatisfied with the apparently arbitrary mannor in whioh the Lands Department had acted. The objeot of the proposed bill was to deal with tbo matter in a manner at once fair and simple. A now appraisement would be made, and it would take offect from the commencement of tho leaso. On 6uch appraisoment would dopend whethor the Govornmont was the debtor or the creditor of the Crows legeos. In the [ formor caso it would pay tho balance, and ia the latter hops to receive it Thoro vu a further pro- vision to deal liborally with tho tonaota of tbe Eastern Division whoso loosos torrainato shortly. Aflor a ioiv eommondatorjr words from Mr. J. P. Abbott, and an expression of unoqnivooal satisfao tion on tho part of the Houso, tho second roading o£ tho hill ira« mado an ordor of tho day for an early dato. No sooner had tho Ministor for Lands rcsttmoa his Eoat than his placo at tho tablo was faken by Iho Colonial Troasuror. Mr. M'Millan anticipated no opposition to tho second roading o£ the înoasuro in his chargo-tho ConBtitulion Act Amondaont (Legislative Council Quorum) Bill. Tho necessity for a chango in Iho number requisite io constituto a quorum of tho Upper Houso was too obvious to bo dwelt upon at any length. At prosont it required but 20 mombors to constituto n quorum in (ho Lower Chamber, whilo the attondanco of no fowcr than ' ono-third of tho moni Dors of tbo Upper House nero necos.'ary to rendor, tho despatch of business aossiblo. As tho Council numbers 70 menbers ind the Assembly 137 tho disparity in tho numbers lecessary to form a quorum was striking. Th« ^ ¿ault was that ¡uoanvonienco constantly aro» tkrough tho difficulty in Eoouring a sufficient attondanco in tho formor House. To remedy this '. insonvoniouco was tho object of tho proposed measure. It was intendod to substituto ono-fourth for ono-third in tho forming of a quorum, and so %<A over tbo dillloiilt Tho moasnro had boon intro lucoä in tho Upper IIoubo and possoJ. Ho thorn- bro anticipated no objection to a proposal so reason ¿ila, The second roading of tho foregoing moasuro hying pa'sed without commont from oithor side, it wa reasonably expected that tho ioma general aouiMconoo would bo obsorvod in committee. Such, horoTor, was not tho caso. Mr, Crick «rae desirous of latin, tho quorums of both Housis raised, or, as m ilteruatlvo, that of tho Upper nduced to 3. Ho ilhdod to tho nocessity for placing the latter Cliamlnr on an entiroly difforent basis, tnd roferred patronhingly to the British . Houso of Lords. Ko futher objections having been offered, the bill voit safely through, tho third reading being fixed foi an oarly date. Tub Iouso having once again rosolvod itself into a commitoo for tbo purpose of considering the ox pedionoyof bringing in a bill to amend the law relating b probate and germane matttr«, Mr. Gould oxplained that so for baok as 1885 Sir William Manning drew attention to the nocessity for na alterationin Iho existing law on the subject The presont mosuro had for its raison d'etre the dear abloness ol introducing tho requisite chango, therobj bringing tie ousting systrnn into consonance will modera unges and idea«. After a few obecr valions th< moasuro passed through cominillo with ovoi greator colerity than tho on preceding it It was timo to rotiro for dinner who an unusual difficulty aroso. M umbers seomd anxious onotglt to reach tho table d' hole, but wee unablo to doso, ai thura was not a sufficient nun bor presout o form a quorum, anil therefore tot sufficient to adjourn the Houso. A count ont, >f course, could aava boon resorted to, but it was mt doomed o_podon_ Au uncompromisiig appliis* tion, howovor mado by tho Sorgoant-it-Arms to tho olo/jtrio bul in his vicinity brought a large cin tingent of legislators, whoso ailroat «nabled ho unfortunates lift in tbo Chamber to break the bonds that bouid them. Aiinn (linne an unusual stato of affars was dis 'olosod. Tho n-icos of motion having ben passed with unprocodoitcd expedition, and ceiain orders of tbe day having boen postponod, tho net dawned upon the Houso that thoro was a prospect of a short Bitting through laving nothing to do. "With tho great bulk of mankind suoh a prospoct-larticularly when thoir salaries continued-would bo «lowed with equanimity. 13 ut it was not to bo supposedth at such a golden opportunity of showing the dilatotnois of the Government and tho zoal of tho Opposiicn would be suffered to oscape by tbo Jailor. Mr Bibbs st onco roso aid requested to bo told why tin Admin- istration was not propsrad to go on rita tho country's business ; was it becauso tho Potraastcr G caora 1 wts anxious to witness a porfornanoa by Mr. Toole? To ths Opposition leader ittppoared as if, in tho absence of tho loader, the lick was jetting throuüh tho fences. To havo no iusinoss to go on with at 7 p.m. on a Government n'jht waB in his mind a foot as extraordinary as it vas dis- creditable. ' Mn. Copeland followed with a rathor telling attack on the Government for permitting itilf and the Houso to bo led into snob a cul-tle-sa, He drew attention to tho fact that for each ntht so wasted the country paid £2 ta each of its retesen tatives. Mr. Crick thought the speeches of fessra. Bibbs and Copeland entiroly too mil for such an occasion. Ho would not let the Girowa ment off so easily. Ho did not. Mr. O'Sulivjan produced au amendment in tho shape o! ¡an addendum to Mr. M'Millan's proposal. 'Jho Qicaki boyan member's tag was to tho effca thai tile Government postponed business thrcagk ¿einig anproparod to proceed with any, M this stacii Mr, Garrard stood te throw somo lighton tie pro- bable causos of the deadlock. No oncooull ha|*i foreseen that the business already disposd of wouBd havo boen gono through so quickly. Ch the ctlBa. trary, there scorned evory probability of olongsittiAr, ovor questions whioh passed almost in silencBa Erom current rumours the boliof was gnord that ¡Ä long, and probably acrimonious, dobatowoild have^k followed on the appearance of the (rovn Bents & Bill. Yot there waa not a word sal arainet it. cW During a Parliamentary experience of .0 years tJM"¡ could not call to mind an instance whreso nuofv ; bills in various stages made such progrtB during llr > singlo sitting. Such being tho case, t was litt wjati wonder tho Government was takoa tt a dial^t advantage. 3iÇ'U Oh tho Treasurer's motion to postpmo businoä?J!^k a division took place, with tho resit that 58NJ^L supported it, and four opposed. An aljounmentof *^H the House was at «neo (8 p. m.) proweed but was ,n^H not suffered to take ofTocl before 9.15 Fir almost V^H two hours grievances of ovary comptxioaappeared 'iw^H and disappeared like epots on a chameleon. Messrs, _^B Criok and Willis were bitter ags-nstthe prnciple of ^t paying members-a principle which thej onfossod, S was onco dear to thom, and tuppirted bj thom, lÊ but which honcoforward they vtouH dispise. '.? bfl Possibly through forming half jf tht forfgoing minority, thoy considered that the £300 a you was debasing public lifo in this colsny. iVero a bill brought ia to repeal it to-aorrtw, fho[ woild be among tho measure's warmest supposera. Tho young member for West Macquarie tnnu at open i confession by asserting that thi greatest pditical mistaao he eror made was to vote for p.rront of members. Mr. M'Court advocated thi ilaiins ? of gaol warders to promction to the superior posta which occasionally btcomo vacant u the department. As matters stand, out-atslbow arrivals from tho o'd country were placed over moa who had tuon for years i tho service, and had proved themselves zealou' and competent offieom Ho alludid with somo assrity to a memorandum of the late Comptrollor-Gieral regarding the unitness of a number of wardei for superior posts. Many of thi members spo'j on tho samo subject, after whioh Mr. Gould mie a brief reply. Somo further conplaints havingieoo formulated and pressed with a fair sha' of , vehemence, tho Uouso rose. I Mb. Jon» Btdabt HAwrnmxE, one of tbo ism bers for Balmain, resijrnod lis seat in tho J"gis ativo Assembly last night. The bon. tho Staker las issued hu writ for the mr pose of lilli)/ the heaney. Tho placo of noninalion of caiddates HU be Balmain ; tho date of writ, Friday, 27th Jure; the date of nomination, Thursday, ¿)h of Jly; polling day, Saturda;, 12th of Jul|, and ream of writ, Saturday, lOh of July. Th:o aro fir polling places, and Mr. ilfrod Handeod, J.P., of Ualmain, will officiate asreturning ofiicei I 1 . i. nu.!, dealing with a ptaso ot tbo land election whih has exaited a groat leal of interostlf late wasread the first timo ¡a ti» Legislativo Aslmbly last tight, on the motion )f Mr. Brunkorl The mcaairo, whioh is to be caled tho " Cro tv niton ts Act o£ 1690," is intondd to givo cotdnty as io the proper mounts payabl ta the O (own as ronts and licence fees underlie Crown Landa Aot of 188 i, aad «deal with ofaor matters in comedión with such tenta and liorase feea and tho adjistment thereof, ll'be preaml'o states that a reeou decision of the Wdi oial Ginmittes of tho Priv; Council has mae it questioñblo whether certain sntB and foes uidts, the Crown <ands Act of 1884 han over boen projerlf or validlf letermined, and that Iho Crown LnidsAot of 1889has provided a betteimothod for thi daer minatioriof rents and licenseioes. Therefore ii is ooneiderel advisablo that be later and bo tor method ol valuation should b employed in ill lis puted ess«, and it is tho prpoeo of the ict to authorise fais ehango. under lause 3, when tis lont of any loale under the Aot 0II88-I has been leter- mined by Iho Minister at ahighor roto thai'that recommendid by tho Land Bard, the holder i the loue may nako na application tho Mlni»terand ihe easo «lall be referred to tho Land Oom for considoratitn. The rate of rcítal fixed by the had Court shall be doomed to have ten the proper roe of rental undergo 1881 Act, bd in olansoOtis provided thaï if the rental 10 fixed oxcoedstho amount whie\ bas actually bil paid, the diO'omco aliall be paid jtithin two manta te the Treaior; by tho holder of tho lease, On io other hand if tho \ I «nial fliod is loss than tho amount which has boon Mid, tho difference together with intotest at the rate if four per cent, per annum, shall bo paid to tho helder of tho lease by the Treasury. In clause 0 it ls enacted that no action with regard t" rent« m dispute Bhall bo begun or procoodod with aftor tho «aisingofthoAct; but nothing in thb Act is to ibnlv to tho caso of Alison and others v. Burn», .headv docidod by tho Supromo Court, or to affect "y rights acquired by tho plaintiffs in that cue, A MKETiNo of tho Parliamentary Standing Oom mittoe on Public Works was held yostordny, Mr. J. ? V Abbott, M.L.A., Prcäidoöl, in tho chair. Somo reference was mado to tho remarks mado by Mr. Copeland io tho Legislativo Assembly on tho pre- vious night in rogan! to log-rolling, and Mr. Cope- land exploit-oil that ho did not intend to convoy tho meaning that log-rolling waa boihg carriod on in tho Works Conimitteo, because suchwas not tho cafo. Further ovidonco wai taten in relation to tho proposed ostensión of tho Norlh Shoro railway to the sboros of Port «Tookson at Milson's Point. Mr. 0. W. Darloy, Kngineer-in-Chiof for Harbours l ind Rivers, was examined, and tho committoo thon adjourned. The oxaminors of proposol publio works havo, during the week, boen examining gentlomon in con- nection with the propoeod Bo«ohill-Dural railway. Up to tho present tho following havo givon evi- dence-Castle Hill: Moisrs. J. Puller, X AY. Foster, J. Black. E. Blaok, F. H, G. Rogors, J. Purser. Dural : Messrs. G. Hnnt, G. T. Hunt, Johh Hunt, 0. Gibbs. Baulkham Hills : Messrs. E. H. ¿ores' Sparrow, and M. Davioa. Farrahiatta : Messrs. H. Taylor, M.L.A., John Taylor, John Thorpe, W. A. Brodie, G. Cootos, jua., W. It. Murray, and J. E. Kolly. Mit. M'Mn.-«!.-, tho Colonial Troaiuror, ot tho «quest of Messrs. Waildoll, Willis, end Davis, Ms.UA, has cansod boats to bo sont to Enngonia, Barringun, and Muogunyah, on tho Warrego River, which, owing to flood «-rotors, is now ovor its banks and rising. Ono or two boats will bo drspatobod from Sydnoy to- day to homostoad lesooofl, whose solootions aro near Bourke, and who ire again flooded out. Mr. J. P. Addctt, M.L. A, has rocoivod from tho Mayor of Wentworth the following telegram i «The town appreciates and thanks you for your nluablo services for tho Irrigation Bill. Tho neent Hood reports aro causing the greatest alarm hero." Kessbs. Waddell, Willis, and Davis, tho mem- bers for Bourke, had a long interview with tho Minister for Works and tho Acting Enginoer-in Ohiof for Roilwnys yctorday, with roforence to tho eonstruotion of nn embankment on two sidos of Bourke township to sovo it from damngo by future floods. Tho ombankment, it is contended, «raid be utilised as a means for conducting railway traillo to tho river bank. A second Inlcrviow betweon tho Ministor and motnbers will Uko placo to-day, wbon tho Minielor will arrivo at a decision. It has boon arrangod by tho Ministor for Publio Works, at tho roquost of Mossrs. Fletcher, Curley, and A Brown, Me.L.A., that a report shall b« sup- plied on tho damogo caused to roads in tho Wickham district by tho rocont floods. When tho official report has boon rccoived the Ministor will dotormiiio whethor a special grant shall bo givon by tho Go TOtnment for road n, is. In oonsoquonco or certain statements con- tained in tho report which has been received by Mr. Bruce Smith from tho board lately appointed to inveBtigato cbargos made encerning work done in connection with the construction of fortifications on ' Bear Island, tho Ministor for Works yesterday sus- pended two officers in tho Colonial Architect's Manch, ponding further inquiry. I» tho Legislativo Council last evening tho Attornoy-Gcnernl gave somo information relativo to the Betting apart of a portion of Rodd Island for tho cultivation of vaccina of anthrax for tho inoculation of sheep. Ha then statod that special legislation «vould bo noco'sary to abolish tho Randwick toll-bar. Bills relating to tho Mulgoa irrigation echóme, to tho admission of certain convoyancers as attor- neys, and to tho regulation of tho prac tioo of medicino and surgory in this colony, were passed through thoir initial stage«. The Weat Wallsend Coal Company's Bill having beon taken through committoo, tho romaindor of tho evoning «MS occupied by a debato on tho Party Procossions Act Repeal Bill, which waa subjected to severe criticism. Mr. Simpson, Attornoy General, opposod tho bill on tho ground that its adoption would not conduco to tho poicó, tho prosperity, anil tho happiness of tho peoplo of this colony. Dr. Garran also opposod tho removal of tho Party Processions Act from the Statute book of tho colony. Ho adverlod to tho circumstances undor which tho Act was origin- ally brought into existence, and touched upon tho revivals of tVo measure at later periods. Tho ques- tion involved in tho proposal to repeal the law was, ho said, ono of publio order, Ho wontod to know from thoso rosponsiblo for tho jnaintouanco of publio order whether or not it Would bo safo to do without the Act, and it foomed to him that the Government could nop absolve itself from responsibility in that I mattor. In the absenco of any assurance from tho Government suoh as ho had in- dicated ït was, ho submitted, tho duty of the Logis. Muro tío rotain tho Act in fotco. When tho motion «fortho second reading of tho bill was submittoJ it ans found that, although thero was a -tajC'ity against it, tho supporters and oppononts togethVir did not constitute a quorum, and therefore the meosaire lapsed. As- ¡¡Important irrigation bill, entitled tho "Mulgosj Irrigation Aot," was road tho first time, on the motitXn of Mr. F. T. Humphery, in tho Legis lttivo CJfmncU last night. Tho moasuro is in- tended Up onnble Georgo Chaflby and Honry Gor \ mau toZroatablish a system of irrigation and water i tttpplyil within and adjacent to tho polioo district of Penritnn ; to acquire lands to establish irrigation wotto ;jl to authoriso tho silo and supply of wator (for irrigation and domestic uso; and to construct, ¡mike, J and lay dams, woirs, or floodgates upon or »ctofalthe Nepean and Warragamba Rivers, and for %11 oUfflkor purposes whioh may bo incidental theroto. %e nlreamble of tho measure eots forth that it is jxpjcmient, and would bo to the advantage of the .iuiäfmta of the district, to ostablish a system sihííraby tho wators of tho Nepean and Warra Hp./nba rivers might bo utilised for irrigation and íojjéincstic purposos, and for watering stock. It is pllmo stated that Honry Gorman and Goorgo Chaffey pjave acquired, or aro about to acquire, largo areas of Jlfflnd within too district, whioh, if providod with a jfflKitablo Bupply of wator, will bo available jïljfcr agricultural and horticultural pur iljoses. To onablo the promoters to cany y/nt tbiB work it is proponod to givo them powor : li J'To orcot, make, lay, or construct upon and across j Jtho Rivor Nepoan, at any point within thrco milos |llabove its junction with tho Warragamba Rivor, a //tiaro, woir, or floodgate, with tho nocessary 'J offtake works, and also to erect, make, loy, or construct upon ami across tho Warragamba Rivor, at any point within flvo milos abovo its junction with the Nopean River, a da«n, «voir, or floodgate, or cither, with tho noccs=ary ofltako works, and also to make, lay, and construct from any point within i one milo above tho dam, weir, or floodgate upon or ' across tho Warragamba Rivor, a tunnel, aqueduct, or canal to carry tho waiora from tho Warragamba River lo tho Nopean River abovo the dam, woir, or floodgate to bo constructed upon or across tho Nepoan River," Authority is also given for tho erection of mnchinory«, tho divorsion, sale, and distribution of tho wator; and for oil purposes nocessary for tho conduct of irrigation works. The report of tho Departmental Board of Inquiry on Uie fatal accident at Farloy Station on May 13 »as presontod to Parliament last night Tho board, whioh consisted of Mr. David Kirltcaldio, Chief TrafftoManager.andMr.W. Thow, Locomotive Engineer, reports as' follows :-" Tho ovldenco as to tho density of the fog is conflicting, but all wit- nesses agree that thoro was moro or 1o«b. Somo of the witnesses describo it as very slight, but others »s Very fogsy. It appoars to havo boen a shifting fog, not sufficiently donso to render tho fixed signals invisible at a distanoo groat enough to givo timely warning to men laoking out for thom, M to malte tho uso of fog signals advisable. The eucinomnn and fireman admit that tho homo signal was at danger when they approaohod and passed it, but tboy assert that the distant was off. Against thoir testimony, which was given in a feeble and indireot manner, wo placo tho opposite testimony of numorous witnessos, and do not ontor tain s doubt that both signals wore against tho twin. We cannot account for the men of the down mail passing tho homo signal, oxcopt on tho ?apposition that the? did not look out for it until 1'uet before entering Farley station, and whon too tie to void the accident. The onginoman admits that he did not seo tho home signal at all, and twly took step» to stop his train when the Äwtuau callod out to him to do bo. The fireman .bolters himself for disregarding the home Bignal On the pie« that a green light (hand lamp) was waving from or near the platform ; but the rules .w very explicit on this point ; they emphatically forbid the men to pass homo signals whon at dan- ger, except under ¿early expressed oonditiocs whioh Mvo no bearing in this ca6e. Tho enginoman of Hw up mail, W. Sanderson, appears to have aotod jHtti great judgment in slarting to movo his train nek immediately he eaw the spood at which tbs down mail was approaching tho Blntion. Thero is no doubt that tho acctdout might havo boon much moro serious hut for the prompt action of this driver. , MKssns. Eletohor, Croor, and Wdlkor, Ms L. A, intorviowod tho Minister for Works yesterday, and dosirod him to withdraw the proposod prohibition against tho contents of iho city oE New- castle sowers being disohargod into tho Nowcastlo harbour. Mr. Braco Smith Bald ho could give no doflnlte answor until ho had rccoivod a doparlmontnl report on iho sub jeot If ovidonco ühowed that the sanitary condition of tho people would not be interfered with, his decision would be in favour of oontinuing the exist- ing system. , , , A DEPOTATio» representing the irustocs of Wilberforce Common waited unon tho Minister fop, Minos yoslorday morning, to request that thoy might bo pormltted lo ranko regulations to provont tho ro moval of wood from the common, oxcept by the commoners. Tho Minister, in reply, said tho wholo of too commons of the oolony wero undor consideration, as it was thought many of thom could bo put to bettor uso in tho futuro than thoy had hoon in the past; and moanwhilo tho request of tho deputation must rémain in aboyanco, ' Mn. D. Fimauso.v, M.L.A., will introduco to the Po'atuiastor-Goncral a deputation from the Stuart Town Progress Committee, nt 11 o'clock this morning, in roférenco to a post and telegraph office for that placo. A rfarmox signed by 1000 residents of the Macleiy district was presented to tho Minister for Works ybslorday hy Messrs. P. Hojan and 0 0. Dangar, Its. L, A., asking that a bridge be built over the Mncloay Bivor at Kempsey. Mr. Bruoo Smith replied that tho request embodied a mattor regarding whioh he was unable to moko any ¡remediate promise 'ino Government had already announced its intontion to proceed with preliminary stops toward« tho construction of a north const railway. It would bo necossary to see whothor it would bo desirable to construct euch a bridge as would at tho samo timo answer the requirements of a railway and meet tho necessities of the local resldonta. In any casa tho proposed work would have lo bo brought boforo the Parlia- mentary Standing Committee on Publio WorkB, and the only promise ho could make would bo to send the examiners of publia works proposals to the district, and on receiving their report ho would coiutnùoiealo the result to tho bon. members. Some time ago tho Minister for Publio Instruc- tion ordered the removal of tho West Maitland Boys' High School to a site at East Maitland, because of the unsatisfactory tenancy held by tho Department of the promises at prosent used. Yoslerday a deputation, including Sir. Scobie, M.L.A., and Aldermon Gillios Cracknell, and Winter, interviewed Mr, Carruthers and objectod to the removal of tho school, the main contention being that Wait Maitland was the better locality for such a Banool beoauso of the largor population. Thoy suggested two sites in West Maitlattd for tho now school, ono being on land in Church- streot rocently sold by tho Govorn- mont, and the other a portion of the West Maitland Publio Park. Mr. Carruthers, io answer, «aid his opinion was that the trustees would object toa portion of tbo park being usod for any other purposo than tint for which it was dedicated. lV-garding iho other site, ho would obtain a report from Mr. Dwyer, tho local inspector. Ho had no wish to remore tho school from West Maitland, and no oulsido influonco had boen usod to endeavour to indaco him to change tho looilo of tho Echool. Plans had boen prepared of tho now building, and it would bo oreotcd in tho most suitablo position. *Tho present nttendanco provod that tho school was moro a district than a local one, and whether it was situated at East or West Maitland did not appear to him to bo a matter of far- reaobing importance. In any case, however, it would bo noccssary for tho Echool to bo near the railway line. A corr of tho correspondence with regard to the purchase by the Government of a portion of tho Roamville Estate, near Goulburn, for tho purposes of a lunatic asylum, was laid on the tablo of the Legislativo Assembly last night Tho correspon doncoincludes a letter from Captain Rossi on the 15th Octobor last, offering a portion of his proporty, of the estimated aroa of 870 acros, to tho Governmeot for the sum of £10,000. Ho desoribos the esiato as being especially suitable, not only for a hospital for tho insane, but for a molel farm. Dr. Manning, tbo inspector of the insane, reported favourably on tbo proport) as a bUo for an asylum, and then on December 3 the Bank of Now South Wales, which hold a mortgage on tho proporty, was roquostod to postpone a contemplated salo for a period of 11 days. To this tho manngor of the bank consented, and then Mossrs. Bichardson and Wrench woro in- structed to valuo tho property. In tho letter from this firm, dated tho 17th December, tho proporty is fully described, and reported on as follows :-" As a property for a publie institution, in conjunction with a model farm, for whioh its Boil is ad- mirable and its water supply never ending, wo do not know of anothor ostato to equal it, con- sidering its short railway distance from Sydnoy, and for the purposes indicated it can hardly be paid for too dearly. As a marketable investment for grazing and dairying purposes, with rosidonco and grounds, wo estímalo its value at £15,158." After a considerable amount of negotiation, which lostod until tho 4th of February, the property, containing 718 acres, more or less, together with the home- stead and other improvements, was pnrcbasod for the Govornmont for this amount, and the necessary local stops wore taken for its conveyance to tho Crown. Thk lihol action, Levien v. Fox, in whioh Bobort Henry Lonou, M.L.A, sought to recover from Charles James Fox,< editor aud proprietor of the Narrabri Northern Argus, a sum of £2000, for having allowed a libellous lottor to bo publie! ed in his nowspaper, was concluded in tho Na 8 Jury Court yesterday. After doliborating for ono hour and 10 minutes, tho jury roportod that throo of thoir numbor wero agreed. Counsel expressed willinpnoss to accept tho verdict of tho majority, and tho jury, on returning into court, gavoavordict for the defendant. The action Loo v. tho Borough of Wavorley was continued in tho No. 1 Jury Court yesterday, when further evidence was given as to the damago dona to the plaintiff's property. The hearing will bj resumed this morning. In the No. ti Jury Court the cases disposed of were of little public interest, Tuf npneals to tho Metropolitan Quarter Sessions against summary convictions of »hioh thero are three, viz., vagrancy, larceny, and a breach of the Licensing Act, will lie heard on Monday noxt, at 10 a.m., boforo his Honor Judge M'Farland. The Metropolitan District Court was formally opened at D irlinghurst yesterday morning by his Honor Judgo M'Farland, and immediately ndjoumol for a week, in cra-o jitonco of his Honor having to presi'lo at the Metropolitan Quarter Sessions. Tue sittings of the Metropolitan Quartor Ses- sions were continued at Darlinghurst jostordny boforo his Honor Judge M'Farland and juries of 12\. The juries in the cates of Thomas Downes and Augustus Lnoerda, the men who wero tried ro 6pootivoly for maliciously wounding and maliciously inflicting grievous bodily harm, failed to agroo after being locked up all night, and wero discharged. Each of tho accused was bound ovor to appear at the nott sessions. Thomas Dymock and ThomaB Carvey wore found guilty of houso breaking, and wero oaoh sentenced to two years' imprisonment with hard labour in Goulburn Gaol. A young man named Francis ltogors pleaded guilty to having maliciously injured proporty, and was son tencod to 12 months' imprisonment with hard labour in Darlinghurst Gaol, The particulars disclosed in the case wero extremely sad, and his Honor gavo the prisonor permission to petition for release at the end of six months. Potar Coffey was plaeed on his trial for tho second time on a charge of having inflicted grievous bodily harm upon John M'Guirc. The jury, after deliberating for an hour and 35 minutes, acquitted the prisoner, and bo was accordingly discharged. Tho Court at 7.10 p.m. adjourned until 10 o'olook this morning. A case tried at the Ponryn Potty Sossions, in Cornwall, England, in whioh Captain S. Williams was fined £50 and costs amount- ing to £21 18s Cd, for importing from Qormanv matagnite gelatine, showing strong signs of exudation, and boing very unsafe, has been brought under our notice ; it in urged that there ought to bo at least equal caro shown boro against tho reception of dangerous compounds. It is alleged that the oharges on the storago of explosivos are very high, fully warranting tho employment in the publio interests of an official competent to male the necessary test, We havo received from tho offioo of tho High. Comraissiênor for the Western Paolfic copios of tho correspondance between his Excellency Sir John Thurston, H.B.M. High Commissioner and Consul General for tho Western Pacific, and tho Hon. W. S. Baker, Premier of tho Gnvernmont of Tonga, with roforonco to cjrtain libels whioh, it will bo romomberod, wero printed and published by Mr. Bakor, rofiooling on tho proceeding of tho Court of the Commissioner, and on Mr. Honry Symonds, tho lato representative of hor Majesty's Govornmont in Tonga, Tho correspondence cotumenoed in Sep- tember, 1889, by a demand from the High Com- missioner for a complote apology, and af tor much parleying Mr. Baker, in January last, wrote a letter I withdrawing tbo obargbs mado, and apologising for having printed and published thom in tho Australian colonies. It was after 10 o'clock last night whon tho ll.M.S. Liguria from London mado the port. Heavy southorly gales, vooring betwoon south-east and south-west woro oxporiencod hy tho mail steamer on hor voyngo ronnd the coast from Mel- bourne. Tho Liguria was duo under ordinary cir- cumstances at noon yesterday. During tho worst of tho woatbor sho reports passing two or three steamers hove-to off the coast There aro three steamers duo from Molboarno nnd thoso reported by tho Liguria would probably bo the samo, and may bo oxpoetod to arrive at daylieht to-dny.' Tho passenger list of the Liguria on this trip com- prised about 240, all told. Of this total 105 were third-class. Thero woro sovoral landed at Mediter- ranean ports:, but as a set-off against thoso, a number of the saloon passengers from tho wrecked steam- ship Dacca, and bound to Queensland, wore embarked at Suez. Ambngst tho latter are Captain Almond and Mr. Saver, a member of tho Queensland Legislature. Tho iist for Mel- bourne numbered 100 and for Sydney 125. During the pa«sago E. Hornor, a third-elass pas- senger, died on the 18th instant from ohronio pleurisy. The gonornl health of the passongers throughout the voyago was excellent Satisfaction waa expressed on all hands with the provision mado for the comfort of possongors. Captain Dixon and his officers did all that lay in their powor, consistent with the duo dischargo of duty, to make things pleasant on board, and their offorts w ero thoroughly appreciated. Tun R.M.S.' Zealandia was yestorday mot hy a great many friends of passengors upon her arrival from San Francisco. Desptto tho inclomont weather Cowper Wharf was crowded on tho vobscI being mado fast tliere. In Iho passonger list wore Mr. G. T. Baggs, nowly-appolnlol Vine-Consul for'the United States nt Nowcnstlo : Mr. W. B. Chsffoy (of Messrs. Chaffey Brothers, Limited), and a number of woll-known colonists and business mon. CovFinsrATioji of the report of tho loss o£ tho barqno Ethel while on a voyago to Hobart was received yesterday by the Underwriters' Association. Tho first report in Sydney of tho sinking of tho vossel appeared in the Berala ebie news yestorday. The underwriters' message, after Btating that the Ethel was on a voyago 'o Hobart, not Brisbane, as was first Bupposod, montions that tho vessel the Ethel was in collision with wa« the TJmbilo, a steamship of 1233 ton», bound to Port Natal. Both vessels wore in tho English Channel at tho timo and both wero outward bound. The sailing vessel eank in a fow minutes and three livos woro lost, tho remainder of her crow boing picked up by a boat from tho stoamer after tho Ethel sank. Tho survivors were landod at Portland subsoquontly. It haB boan roportcd to tho Marino Board that on tho voyago of the steam co'lier Aldinga from Sydney to Newcastle on Tuesday lair, whon off Long Beof hor master picked up a boat painted white on topBidos and yollow bolow. In tho boat were found a rudder, four bottles, ono containing tea and another water, a pair of trousors, threo fishhook*, end about 20 fathoms of Manilla ropo. The boat is on board tho Aldinga. The recent Buddon closing of the Paddington EiÚo Bango in consequence of the dangor to visitors to the Centennial Park has led to the preparation of a potition by tbo metropolitan riflemen for presentation to Sir Henry Parkes, praying that the range should bo opened on Thursday and Saturday afternoonB until a cow rango is provided, and that tho publio receive tho fullest warning by notices and danger signals in tho Centennial Tarit on the days of shooting practice. A largo number of signatures havo been attached to the petition. ' ' Tns Waroonga finished a «nccossful round voyago to tho Now Hebrides yesterday. Sho brings important news of tho contemplated Bale of largo estates and stores in tho group to the Fronah Trading Company, Somo interesting particulars of inquiries mode hy tho captain of H. M.S. Boyalist respecting alleged outrages woro also ro ceived by tho Waroonga, and tho arrest of a labour vessel named the Windward Ho in the group for brcachos of the recruiting regulation?. An account of the mooting of tho Presbyterian missionaries nt Anoityum shows that the Presby- terian body is active in oxtending its religious work in tho group, It wnB decided to send three now missionaries to tho island of Espirita Santo, the last island in the New Hebrides not occupied by a mission station. Cobalt, chromo, cocoanuts, aud copra form by no moans incoueiderabio ¡toms in the inward manifest of tho Waroonga from tho islands, yet, in addition to thoso, tho vossol has stowed away in hor capacious holds, 25,000 bunohos of Fiji bananas. Tho passengers by tho Waroonga for Sydnoy yesterday inoludo tho Hon. P. S. Solomon, Q.C., from Suva; Dr. Kottmann, Dr. Gibson, tho Bov. A. Boid, and Sir. M'Gillivrav, tho two last-named gentlemen being mombors of tho Presbyterian commission to the New Hebrides from Viotoria. A vory pleasant incidont is mentioned in tho report of tho Waroonga on this voyago. Captain D. Calder, as roprosonting tho ownors, gavo an invitation ball to tho residents of the Fijian capital, Suva, and a similar party Was given at Lovuka. Tho guests woro astonished and doligbtcd at tho splendid proportions of the ox.Britisb-India mail liner, and the promenade dock, dressed with bunting and tropical foliase, and illuminated by tho eleotrio light, no doubt pre- sented a most pleasing appearance. Mb. Bichabd Ootn, the Cornish temper- ance lecturer, dolivorod a fnrewoll lecture in the Temperance Hall last evening, under the auspices of the New South Wales Local Option League, Tho aubjeet cho'on was "Our Cornish Peoplo and their Charaotoristios," In the absence of the ß v. Dr. Kelynnck, Mr. Joseph Creer, M.L.A., presided. Mr. Coad, who was well received, prefaced biB remarks by statin* that the nrosont asrilation bv tho publicans in favour of compensation was Hiebest thiog that could havo happoned for the cause of temperance. Professor Max Muller, tho lecturer said, hold a vory high opinion of Cornish people, who woro oelobratod for their «clf-relianco. montai vigour, and longevity. Cornwall had contributed largely to England's roll of worthios, and ho in6tancod Murdoch, of Bodruth, who made tho first locomo- tive, and who invented gas j Sir Humphrey Davy, the inventor of tho safety lamp, which had saved the livos of thou ands of minors ; tho Earl of Chatham ; tho Tangyo Brolhors, who launched the Groat Eastern ¡ Dr. Temple, the preeont Bishop of London, wbo had boon a teetotalor for 20 yoars ; and eovornl othor celebratod men. Donovolenco, wit, and sobriety wero tho characteustics of Cornish pooplo. Tho county of Cornwall was ono of the most religious in England, and a wicked Inok had never be*n written in tho Welsh language. Tho lecturer concluded his remarks by expressing tho forvont hopo that local option without compensation would hooome law in Now South Wales. A vote of thanko was acoorded Mr. Coad at the close of his lecture. The Metropolitan Board of Works Bill of Victoria, introducod by Mr. Gillios, provides that members aro to bo elected hy tho respective councils, except where two or three council« aro to conjointly elect a merabor or members, whon the oleotion shall bo conducted as tho Govornor in Council mav direct. Except in tho caso of tho chairman, as soon as a mombor ceases to bo a member of tho council eleoting him ho must retiro from tho board. Ho must also retire if ho become insolvont, accept an office of profit under tbo board, participate in any contract with tho board, or ia absent from four con Beoutivo ordinary periodical mooting». Nino mombors ara to form a quorum, and any member noting whon incapacitated is Hablo to a fino of £50. The board has powor to enter into eontraol«, appoint officers, and to exorcise full control over them. Tho Supreme Court, or any Judgo tboroof, may direct an inquiry to be mado whon it is deemed that a mem- ber of tho board has been improperly elootod. Tho whole of tho soworago works and wator supply of tho motropolis is to bo vested in the hoard. Power is given to construct, repair, and maintain main drains and Bowers, to prevent sowago from flowing into tho Yarra, to erect machinery to destroy sewago mittor, to establish «ewage farms, eroot bridges, archos, or ealvorte, and to comnel counolls to koop rowors in proper condition. Power is given to municipalities to construot sewers and to connect thom with those vested inthe board. On the other hand, tho municipalities may delegate tho work of construction to tho board. Tub bill to regulate the practice of the legal pro- fession, which has been introduced into tho Vic- torian Legislative Asrombly by Mr. Mason and Mr. Munro, embodies (states the Argus) tho prinoiplo of reciprocity botweon tho two branche« of the pro- fession which has already boen adopted in England, It is propo°cd that any barrister of not less than llvo years' standing at tho bar, and who has had himself struck off tho rolls as a barrister, shall ba entitled without payment of any foo to bo admitted and enrolled as an attorney, solicitor, and prootori and that in tho samo way an attorney of five years' standing sholl bo entitled to become a barrister. To those provisions aro added two clauses copied from tho Queensland Act, to cnnhlo a barrister or attornoy who has transferred himself to tho othor branch to resume his original position if ho desiros to do so at tho expiration of another five years. The Pormanent Artillery Band, under the direction of Bandmaster M. Devory," will perform in Hyde Park this afternoon, weather permitting. 