Biggenden Mine. Wm. B. Roberts, manager, under data August 3, reports as follows for the month just ended : Gold Shafr. — The winze from th's Bhaft has been sunk to 38 feet from the level, the banging wall and lode stuff keeping un changed in oharaoter, bnt showing rather better gold than usual for last few feet. Slak ing; haB been stopped here for the past week, owing to breaking through from main level and having to timber np and secure ground. South east level : This has been carried in a further 8 feet. The lode matter in this face has given place to very dense magnetite, assaying about 1 ok. per ton for gold. I have abont 66 tonB of this gold bearing magnetite at grass, whioh is eminently suited for use as a flux for smelting purposes. Main tunnel : Work has been suspended hero for the month to admit of the heap staokod from it being dressed, and also to allow the tramroad and turn tables being put down. Crossont: Tho diivo from this to oonneot with the winze haB been driven 22 feet, total length 26 feet, at whioh point we broke through ; ail the rook broken from this drive carrying payable geld, and being Btacked for ornshing. I may mention here from various oaloulations I havo made, and including tho 306 or 4'6 tons of crushing stuff now at gross, that we now have in sight above tho present tunnol lovel and all commanded by it, fully 18_ months' work for a 166 tons a weok mill. This on tho average ia not high grade rock, but fully payable. While I quite agree with Professor Krause as to the advisability of a low level tunnel, in viow of tho largo body of crushing staff already oponod up and com manded by tho present one and only awaiting roduotion maohinery, I think this mattor would very well stand over until we aro in reooipt of regular returns from what we now have await ing machinery, whon tho deadwork oon- nootcd with it will not be felt. Third Crushing. — Owing to soaroity of teams I havo only been able to get away about 26 tonB of this up to the present. Bismuth Ore. — I haveaparoel of 4 tonB hand-drossed Bulphide ore (biBmuthinito) ready for despatoh by first available teams. This assays 15 6/10 per oent metallio biijmutb, no gold or silver present, money value about £80 per ton. I havo made several eeriee of tests during the month re the msgnetio method of oonoontration, proving be yond donbt the sucoesB that awaits the erootion of that olass cf machinery for separating the iron and bismuth. In No. 1 test I brought tho valuo up from 6 per oont to 19J por osut, in No. 2 from 7 per oent to 29 1/7 per oent. A further great advantage would be that as it is essentially a dry proooaa ; no water would be required exoopt for tho boiler. Have got a sufflolent area of Borub oleared and started to erect shed for tho machinory, whioh I hear is on tho road hero. Ho (sympathetic) : " I am sorry to hear of tho death of your dog. What was the mattor with him?" She: "I am sure I don't know. Poor Fido was suoh a dear, and wo did set everything by him." He: " Well, perhaps he ate some of it." An Accokhodatinq Suitoh. — " Where are yon off to?" " To apply for the hand of one of M<— , the banker's, daughters." " Whioh of them?" "That depends. If he looks pleasant, I'll take tho youngest ; but if he's cross, the oldest." Kkowledoe is Power.— " Uncle 'Rastns. are you afraid of ghosts ?" " Yesstr. I doan' like ghossos." " Well, I merely wanted to warn yon that my obiokenhonee was hannted." "Haunted? No, sab, 'taint. I done boon dar 'fore dis, honoy." Auctioneer Mullcr (at tho dinner given in honour of his daughter's betrothal): " Gontlo mon and ladies, I havo to annonnoo to you that my daughter Elise, has been to-day betrothed to Mr. Angler for the first, for the Booond, for tho third and last time." 