Twm SKCR^TS. ? A Story of tha Imaqmatum. ; ^ ' By David Dalston. aU) HE doctor was not the sort of fCtj&vii; man to give oftcnee intentionally ?SnMr* Even in private life he was viyjnr mut:'' niorc used to hoaling than inflicting them; aud, though lie might occasionally -rc9 have toopen a bad place in a neighbours leg, he made it a ?? rule lievnr tn nrnhc the heart. 1 nn ccnnmus to everybody, he was far from just to him self, and amongst his scattered patients on / the banks ot the Darling, he had raised the v. '-reputation of being nobody's enernv except his own. Had Dr. .Martin lived in England, he would have been to this dav hoveiog between tlio surgeries of more fortunate practitioners, and the poorhouse of some provincial town. Me bail qualifications, both natural and academical : he bad also thu bold head and grey beard that no examining board is empowered to confer, and vet which, ? young doctors who have not tell you are in themselves a fortune to medical men. Hut unluckily, as a kind of set-off. lie had also a large red nose nud a pair af blood-shot eyes. He was what might be called a bi-product of the. profession. Under no circumstance at home would lie have been nioro than wuatis known as a ' sixpenny doctor.' Decent people would have closed the doors of their sick rooms in his face. None but the poor would have swallowed Ins medicine. -Yet he did well enough for the Australian bush. His remedies were drastic, but his heart was kind, and the 'boss cockles' themselves were as glad of his company at all tunes as tliuv were ol his advice in time of need. Now Edward Winters, the new v; i manager of the ? branch bank , at Wnrronn, having just come to the n.ighbourhood, and being unaware of the ; place iolil in the estimation ot most people ? ! ???? by - follow lodger at the Grapes, saw only I^ire bun, as he Hit on the verandah that afternoon, the blood -shot eves that persisted in watering, the dirty hand with the still dirtier cull that was raised to ? brush the significant tears away, and the beer-stained waistcoat that rose aud fell in \- apoplectic waves. And when the old man began to talk he made him understand us plainly he could without being absolutely ? rude, that lus advancos were uncalled tor. ? D.v II ircin. Iij.vj/or, tuil nut young follows f r - n lOi; nl oif.Ke. and he knuwj or v thja^.i; cut; lo k-u.v, l»tli low to measure thorn up and how to take i thorn down. Yet thcro was something he rather liked about young Winters, ' Ho hns. at least, tho appearance of a gentleman,' thought ho, ' and maybe he don't know whom I am ; besides, it . will be desporatc dull for him with no ono but the parson and tho school master and this boor of a publican to talk to.' An English newspaper was lying on the verandah. It had come by the mail that day, and the new bank manager having read it through during office hours, had carried it tohfs hotel and thrown it dow,n beside him, whore, lialf-an-hour beforo, he had fallen lazily into his chair, 'iWitli your permission, '-Sir, said tho Doctor, returning in the best of humour to a charge which most meu would have aban doned in disgust. The young man pushed the paper over with his foot. Dr. Martin stooped to pick it up and then fumbled for his spectacles. But the sun was setting and it was already too dusk for the bleary old eyes to read anything but the heading of the articles and the name of the paper itself. ' I know the place well,' he. said. ' Dear me i jl cs. aiosseaton in riampsnire. i ought to know it anyhow. You know it too, I suppose? Friends living there, eh 7' ' I had friends there once,' replied Win ters deliberately. 'You had? Had you now? Friends in the loveliest village in tho world, and your self m an up-countrv town in Australia I Old Dives might say he'd friends in heaven. Isometimes think of the little church there, and if it wasn't for professional reasons, and the sake of the boys out hero, who don't get a good skull every day, though mine is a little battered, 1 almost think I should crawl home to banquet the worms of Mosseaton. The church gates were never closed against a corpse of mine, Sir, and I've no reason to believe that they would be now. IIow were the elm-trees getting on when you left home ? I calculated that in my time half of 'em had been struck by lightning that was meant for the parsonage. He was a boisterous old man — that rector. But he's quite now — gone to the 1 meet ' across the river. A happy hunting ? ground, no doubt, but a comical sort of ' field.' Think of a scarlct jacket, a velvet cap with a peak, and a pair of winjss. Still, it's a lovely spot, and many a man I've sent to rest there. Have a drink, sir — do !' Most men thaw a little under the warmth Of old associations, especially when the as sociations arc in a manner picturesque, and i hey arc alone in the hush. llut. outwardly, Mr. Winters .showed no disposition lo relent. Tim most lie did was. for the first, lime since thev had met, to appear interested iu thu doctors conversation. Indeed, if the old practitioner could have felt his pulse at eliat moment, he might have discovered that he was real I v more interested that he cared to show. He declined the drink, however, and sat with an air of moderate indifference whilst the doctor shouted a couple of whiskies, as he said, ?' for the good of the house,' aud then drank them both for his own good. ' I was saying that I'd put many a poor devil to rest in that quiet chuichyard,' lie continued. '? J hey should bo grateful. Per haps they'll thank me- when we meet — all. excepting the last, ease, and I won't be so certain about his gratitude. I attended that man for five years, and. would you believe it, lie died cursing inc. I he worst man, sir, I ever knew in my lite, and. lor ! l ve seou some pretty bad ones. He bad a lovely wife, too, much younger than himself, or it she wasn't she looked it ; and 1 always say it's not what a woman's age really is that mat ters. but what she looks. She was the belle of the country, and 'there wasn't a young squire for miles round but would have married her without asking a question. They never did live happily together, though. For months at a time he refused to look at her, and when she did gain his bedside, anil, with tears in lier eves, begged to be forgiven if she had done wrong, aud plcudcd that it wa-ouly n natural liflectum — I flout know what — he beat her oil, and charged her with turning him out his home for the sake of bringing up another mau's child there. The tullow was uiad, of course, but I always though ttliere was something in that, tor the best of us have our moments of weakness, and the worst — I count mvself amongst 'cm — have our periods of suspicion.' Winters yawned, but the doctor went on, ?,Ono vomig and queenly, remember, with troops ot admirers, aud the oilier old and lean, without a single friend in the world. You cant wonder at a woman, can you ? und Lady Winters was — was but a woman,' lie was about to say, when the young bank manager rose lroin his cliair with a cry of horror. ' For heaven's sake stop,' ho Bhrieked, ' do you knew to whom you are speaking? 1 hat woman was au av.gcl. She was my mother.' '??Your mother I impossible! You haven't a feature like her — like either of them, in fact.' ' I don't remember my father. You ought to know that if vou attended him as long us you say you did ' 'No, no, of course not,' said the doctor, musing. And he, too, rose from Ills chair and paced the broad verandah. Edward Winters was not what is called an emotional man. He bad allowed his com panion to ramble oil in the course ot conver sation all through lus native village without once interrupting lnui, until ui the mental darkness that comc9 out of successive glasses of whisky tho old babbler had unwittingly set his loot down on a tonder memory. At iirst, he was dull from indifference ; uow he was stupefied with astomshmunt. I here had been heavy iains in Queensland, aud the river was ruuuiug 'a banker.' The greater part ot the atternoou he bad been watching it rush madly towards the ocean, idly specu lating oil thu numbor of sovereigns a miuute he would have to throw out of the window to make the loss to lus employers equal the loss to the country from such a waste of water. The sceue had changed since then. As he stood now with hm hands to his head, pining blankly at the stream, it was no longer flow ing westward. It was rushing with stupen dous speed back upon Its source, back to-^ wards the Queensland border, back to the* Darling Downs, higher and vet higher up the banks, over the ndjacont paddocks. Into the maul streets, flooding the houses and rumb ling iu Ids ears, ilia stream of tlie young man's lite had changed its course. At the touch of a hidden spring the flood gates of memory had been opened, nnd a resistless current was now forcing itself back upon him from the great oucau of the past. Often had he gazed upon it thou flowing placidly on. Only an hour ago bad he traced it from the rivulet, upon ono of whose boulders 'lie was standing, anil whoso every turning ho coulu well, define, to the broad Hood with ragged huuks, and the hazy ocean beyond. It had uot appeared a very dark stream then. Patches of shade had contrasted with bands of brightness, and on the whole thu effect had been rather pleasing. How different now, as it thundered back upon him its pitch black waves, and streA'd tho shores with skeletons, some ot which ho had never dreamed of, aud others that he hadknowu and loved to look upon in life. Out of the general wreck, 0110 face gnzed beseechingly iipou him; ono pair of glassy eyes looked more lull of love, and less wild aud staring than the rest— his mother's. lie could bear it no longer. Hushing away from the doctor, who was stammering out an unheeded apology, he pushed through a crowd of idlurs in tlie bar tn tho staircase that led to his bedroom. The door would uot fasten, for tlie look was broken, so he ram med a chair against it, anil then Hung himself 011 the bed, aud groaned and sighed alter nately- For a long time he made no attempt to grasp the situation.' He was only con scious oE au inward pain, and yet so uiidofiued that he could hardly tell whether It belonged most nearly to tho region of the body or the mmd.'7. Iti[focuBse«i itself tin. his (heart— not the heart that the clorgy speak of as being capable of moral dovclopmonts, but in tho fleshly heart, the organ that beats beneath the ribs of tho left breast, and is subject to diseases coming within the range of tho pharmacopcca. He pressed his hand against it, nnd tossed from side to side liko somo winged creaturc brought down from a height, and stunned by the fall as well as wounded by the arrow. It is a happy arrangement for poor humanity that pain hns a deadening effect upon it3 victims, and that even tho seed of nn agony must often die before it can be quiokened into mortal growth. Atter a while ho rose and paced the room with lus hands deep down in his breeches' pockets. He flung open the window, nnd gazed out. Tho atmosphere within was stifling ; without, tho lurid twilight of the interior was deepening into a mysterious gloom. Perhaps yon nave watched the sun set over those western plains, nnd been dazzled nnd bewildered by the fine red dust that, rising about that time, impregnates tho air with a peculiar radiance, and imparts to the mind a feeling of strange repression, almost amounting to spiritual suffocation. You might be walking through a vast terra cotta. modol. The weatherboard township assumes a brick- like heaviness nnd hue, the trees might be fashioned out of red clay, and the darkoning sky is Bteeped in a sombre glow as unlike the sunset colours of any other land — excepting, perhaps, portions of the African bush — aa the herbage of the back-blocks is unlike the meadow swards of England. The warm tones of the landscape harmonised with Winters' mind. He gazed at it for sometime with his hands still in his pockets ; then, folding his arms, he laid them on the window ledge, nnd, putting his head and shoulders as far out as he could, began to turn over in his brain, his red-hot brain, as with the prongs of a pitchfork, the phnn torn that broiled and fizzled within. At first it was quite in vain that he chased the whir mg thoughts. They dodged him like a crows of imps. He made a lunge at one only to hook another, and when dragging the intruder off the entire army of fiends would round upon him in a solid phalanx. He might re treat and leave them. He had not sought the battle. Thoy had assailed him unawares. But that would be cowardly, and besides to little purpose, because they would be sure to follow him. No, he must face those phantoms manfully. The dinner bell recalled him from his re verie. At that moment the sight of food would have turned him sick. Ho took an old slouched hat from the bottom of his travelling trunk, a thick walking stick from one corner ot the room, his pipe from a stand in another, and when the rest of' the guests hail gathered round tho table, sneaked down stairs aud out into the darkness. Oil lamps twinkled in the quiet streets ; a few horses, tethered by their reins to posts outside tho grog shanties, neighed and pawed tbe ground impatiently ; there were very few people about, und the moou had not yet risen. This was. perhaps, fortunate, for a bank manager rushing out of the township after dark, with Ins hat pulled over his face, and nn uneasy roll m lus walk, to say nothing of the hurried glances lie oast from side to side, would have looked at least suspicious. Following the main street to the end of the township he turned abruptly round by the fence of a butcher's paddock, and darted swiftly into the bush 111 an opposite direction to the river, for its gurgling waters aggravated him and he wanted to get away from it. The bush was silent enough. Au occasional lizard started from the grass, and here and there the footfall of sheep upon the dead leaves and rotten twigs varied the monotony of his own quick steps, but that was all. The trees in the district were taller and of more sub stantial growth than we see in most parts of tho country, for the scenery along the river banks alternates between low,' flat stretches, covered with nol hing but herbage, and forests of considerable magnitude, where venerable gums, festooned with length of pink mistle toe at times, suggest thu grc.v pillars of au ancient cathcdrat decorated for some great festival. It must have been at least an hour since lie passed the last house on the outskirts of the township and he was still walking bard, lie had since said that he knows of nothing that woulij have stopped him but sheer fatigue, or the billabong, too wide and deep to cross except by a risky pluagc, ?which at length stretched out before liiin . The moon had risen, and as he c.nne up unexpectingly to the water s edge, it poured a broad shaft of light down through a rift iu the foliage upon tho cold, still surface. He was certainly brought to a standstill now. There wns a fallen treo beside him. He lialf-leanod, linlf-sat upon its enormous trunk, nnd. mopping the perspiration oif his forehead, began to re-adjust the wayward thoughts which the exertion of the long walk had drilled into something approachiug discipline. What could the strange old doctor have meant? Why had the fates decreed that he should meet, 111 the black-blocks of Aus tralia, a man who appeared to know more of his faituly history thau he knew himself. What a fool he had been to bring the musty old country newspaper home with him. The very mischief wns in the affair from begin ning to end. How dared the old ruffian say what he did ; aud why didn't he shoot him on the spot for his insolence ? That was one way of looking at the matter. For the moment be felt almost inclined to pass it off with a little cheap heroism, and after a good supper and a good night's rest to offer the alternative of an ample apology or a horse whip to tho offender. Sir Wilfred Wiuters was a memory and nothing more as far as he was concerned. He had lelt homo mys teriously when Edward was a child — had been aomohow associated with drawn bliuds and crape hat-bands a few years afterwards — and neither in the meanwhile, nor in fact at any time, had he been a topic of conver sation butwoon mother and son. The ser vants had Bpoken of lum seldom and then always disrepectfully. Nobody had thought it worth while to implant a single -sentiment of tunderncas for tlie old man in the heart of the ohild. There wbb evidently a screw loose somewhere. Probably the doctor was right. He had been a bad mail likoly enough, and it was just as well that he had not been taught to worship thu image which was at length to be so ruthlessly hurled into thu mud. This was all true ; but tlie train ot thought which brought the recollections was but a momentary recoil of the spring that had for the last three hours beeu press ing the life out of hm very 6oul. The horrors ot thu situation soon burst with fresh force upon him. At all hazards he would believe iu the perfect Bam tlineus of that lovely woman. Her memory, at least, was a tonder one. It was his gospel — the corner-stone of his bcliot 111 goodness anywhere. No ; though un angel from heaven were to whisper a sus picion of her purity, Ihb faith would remain unshaken. His mother was above tho sus picion even of aichangcls. Then how dare hi? father disown lum ; how dare he charge his wile before a stranger. The thing was preposterous. Why, the man must bu mail ! the word had scarcely escaped his lips, for Iwtward was muttering aloud, then the blood . coursed with renewed force through his veins. Mad I Ot course he was mad. Hadn't the doctor said so ? For tho momeut he could scarcely remember whethor ho had or not, for he had listened with indifference to tho old man a conversation until I11-1 family namu liad been bo unfortunately dragged into it. - Be tides, one horrible suspicion had blotted out every other consideration, and it waa only with a mental eflirt that he at length re membered what thu facts leading up to the climax ot the story actually were. Now he recollected them all. The doctor had said distinctly that lus father was mad. Why had he uot thought of it before ? Why had tho folks at home conspirea to koep him iu ignorance when thu sweetest memory ot lus life might at any 'moment have been wrecked for the want of simple fa' ike that. He know that hia father hatfjfd away from home, and that for sovcraliSirs before his name had not been so mu m as mentioned there. As for himself — lijF wns so young when Inst lie saw him thatfit was with the utmost difficulty that lie recalled n vague impression of the old mail's face. Evidently he had been confined in a lunatio asylum, and at. last had died there. An unhappy ending, doubtless, to an coccntric au unlove able life 1 Yes ; Sir Wilfred Winters had diod a madman — there could be no gainsay ing that. Edward felt a Bensation of relief ; almost a thrill of joy. The charges against his mother fell worthless to the ground. Then lie remembered distinctly an incident in childhood that had hardly come into his mind since its occurrence, but which having been dragged from the depths with the levia than's hook, now rushed into his recollection and confirmed the conclusion that his father must really liavo bocn insane. He was out walking with bis mother one afternoon, and after wandering a long distance from home they had sat down to rest on a green om bankment overhung with hawthorne. A carriage and pair of horses turned sharply into the lano. Apparently it was going to pass them. His mother watched it with the utmost interest, not to say anxiety. As the vehicle approached, she grasped the hand of hor child and drew him closer to her. When it came within a hundred yards she seized him bodily, burying his head in her Bhawl and rooking him nervously to and fro. He heard the wheel go by, through the folds of the garment ho sniffed the dust, and from the carriage itself he heard the noise of coarse voices flung discordantly upon the air, and his mother's name '.Emily Winters' re peated time after time and accompanied by jeers and boisterous laughter. When, tho noise died away, and he was liberated from his imprisonment, he had looked into his mother's face. It was staiued with tears, and wrinkles had spread themselves like an ugly cobweb on her usually placid brow. Until now the incident had remained a mys tery. But it was a mystory no longer. The carriage was the vehicle in which the patients from a neighbouring asylum were taken out for 'airings,' and his father must have been one of the hideous picnic party on tlia? particular afternoon. In itself not by any means a pleasant recollection, but by com parison almost cheering. Edward heaved another sigh of relief aud sprang to his feet With the intention of walk ing back as fnst as his legs would carry him. Indeed, lie had already moved a few paces off, when struck by some new phuse of the question ho staggered back to his fallen tree, aud held a pale and puzzled face up to thu moonlight. His ono anxiety had boen to justify his mother. He bad felt that at all i hazards he must reason out his belief ill tho purity of that fair spirit. And lie had done so, but at what an awful sacrifice I If Sir Wilfred Winters Was a madman aud lie was iu reality Sir Wilfred Winter's soil, then he, Edward Winters, wns, pcrliups, mnd too, or at the very leaBt an incipient lunatic. The reflection was horrifying. He looked for a solution into thu reccsscs of the forest, for help into the faces of the sheep. But one was dark, like his own fate, involved in mys tery, and the other blank — blank as despair ; and he cast his eyes hopelessly upon the 1 ground. ' Every man has his hours of dark and bitter trial. Edward, your time has ' come,' a voice hissed in his ear. 'Admit ono treacherous thought, entreat it hospitably, ' banquet it upon your mother's memory, and all shall be well. Cast that thought henco, koep her entroned in your heart, and she wiil live, but you will die — die in a madhouse I The choice is your own. Are you prepared ?' 'I am, oven for so great a sacrifioe,' no said, slowly aud with terrible emphasis. His lips were ashy pale, his legs trembled beneath him, big drops of cold sweat stood on hia forehead. He knelt beside the fallen tree, aud thought an earnest prayer. Then with 1 an expression of tearful resignation, liko a man who in tlio cause of love nnd duty had 1 parted with something dear, he rose and staggered homewards. It wns Into when Edward awoke next morn ing. He wns a sound Bleeeper at any time, and the cares of the previous day, involving 110 mere transitory annoyance, but a suc cession of grave alarms and a culminating idea of portended death, had tortured his lierycs to tho point of excessive weariness, and when far into the night he returned to his hotel, he fell almost fainting into bed. Whatever may be the case with old people, who are generally satisfied with less sleep, a young man has only to take a weight of trouble into his mind and to roll it round and round in the snine orbit for a given number of hours and he will soon grow tired aud fall fast asleep from sheer fatigue. But the first gleam of sunshine will bring the heartaches back. Edward was conscious of the semi-physical pain he had experienced 011 the previous day even before he was sufficiently awake to re flect upon tho cireuruBtanccs that had given rise to it. Another momeut and the arrows of memory, poisoned at liis heart's blood, wore quivering in hiB mind again. Poor fellow ! The night's rest bad only refreshed him with a keener perception of the reality of the dangers around hiin. Ho might re view the evidence more calmly now ; he might renew his determination in spite of every consequence to believe in the spotless holiness of that mother who hud so long since gone to her eternal rest; but do what he would ho could see no way out of the final conclusion to which a judicial scrutiny of the facta inevitably pointed. One thing was certain. Ho must deal plainly with the doctor. Tho old man would probably be sober then, and perhaps wise enough to see the dilemma in which he bad placed him. Not that lie thought for n moment his infor mant could clear the horizon by added light. That was evidently out of tho question. The most that eould possibly come of an inter view would be a mutual explanation, an ample apology, and a few bottles ot physic — perhapB gratuitous advice as long as he was 111 need of it. Edward had quite made up lus mind that, poisoned blood was flowing through his veins, and though at that moment, with the sunshine streaming in through tho window, and tho fresh morning breeze fan ning his half-naked limbs, to sav nothing of the restorative effects of a good night s sleep, he felt as sauo as ever ho had done in lus life. Still lie had 110 doubt whatever that sooner or later vicious symptoms of some kind would begin to manliest themselves, and that ulti mately he would follow Sir Wilfred to a mad-house. A terrible thought to go to one B liath with ! An idea that did not materially assist in the buttoning of lus collar nor in the fastening of his necktie. But ho dressed as usual, and walked into thu breakfast room with as little concern as he could well dis play. Most ot the boarders lind already breakfasted ; a swarm of flics was feeding on what Bugar remained 111 a cracked and dirty bnsln ; a tall greyhound was mouth a. bono 011 the floor, nnd a pair of smallor dogs woro distributing all over the room the latty por tion of a half-enton mutton chop. A solitary stranger was 111 the apartment, and he waa ogling a couple of girls who had just ridden up to a store on the opposite side of the road. Edward rang the bell. ' Ib Dr. Martin up yet ?' ho asked. ' He left by this morning's coach, Mr. Winter'a,' the waitres8 replied. ' When docs he roturn ? Somotime to day T' ' I think not, for he settled his account, und said he could't tell when he should bo likely to want his room again.' , ' Called nwuy on an urgent case, no doubt,' said the stranger, who had by this time transferred his attention to Winters and the slovenly girl who served the purposes of waitressa and housemaid at tho Grapes. '! An urgent caso, no doubt)' he added, with a curl ot lim moustache and a depression of the lower jaw, indicative of supreme contempt for somobody. Yes, sir, very likely,' roplied tho sloven. ' Buh I girl. Why don't you speak the truth. Women are tho same nil the world over. If they can sorvc their purpose with a lio thoy will. Thoy love lying, and you go at it as if you were qualify! ng feu- sociity You know very well that Dr. Martin didn't leave because they wanted him nnywhero else. He loft because he couldn't stand being awoke in the middle of the night by a drunken wretch falling over his boots in tho passage, and then groaning himself to sleep with at little thought for other people's dreams a3 he evidently had for his own.' Thestranger looked significantly at Winters and the girl trudging out of the room, the latter returned the glance with a frown. ' An urgent case, indeed !' the fellow repeated with a sneer. 'Look here, Mr. Wintors, that sort of thing may go down very well in the township, you know, but it won't answer here. 1 know who you are, and what's more to the point, I know who yon are not. You are not the son of Sir Wilfred Winters, Knight, of Mobseaton, in the County of Hants. It wasn't for nothing that I arrived at the Grapes late yesterday after noon, and walked on the verandah just as tho doctor was rehearsing a titbit of family history. To be plain with him, I may say that I didn't heari*. nil, but quite enough to satisfy me, and 1 think, Mr. Knight, enough also to please your pretty Ethel ? ' 'Ethel Hayburn I Are you her cousin. Poor Ethel ! I'm sorry for it.' ' No doubt. It's a convenient relationship, you know. A fellow's cousin may jilt him for the sou of some gouty old knight just out from home ; but she's his cousin all the same. The reserves are called out and the big guns brought into notion, but it don't follow that the cables are always cut, No, Mr. Winters, believe me, communication's going on all the same.' ' I don't know what you mean,' replied Edward, with an air of indifference. For tbe momeut I even forget your Christian name.' ' lliehivrd — Bichard Hayburn, born in Sydney, had thu measles young, brought up to commerce ; penniless two years ago, a balance at the banker's now, and a cousin pining to see me as I pass through on my way to Etiglaud for au extended tour in — well, shall we say in tbe neighbourhood of , Mosseaton.' , With that Hayburn rose, nud sticking his thumbs in his waistcoat armholcs, began to pace the floor in a lordly fashion, illustrative, no doubt, of the nobility of average mankind and the consequent worthlessness of a blue blooil ancestry. He was a contractor himself, known amongst his own 'sat ' as the ' plun ger.' Nobody could be sure when they parted with him one day whether the next they would run up against him wheeling a barrow or riding in a brougham. Winters went on with his breakfast. He was really huugry, for he had not touched food since lunch time 011 the previous day, and it was now eleven o'clook in the morn ing. ?' Thank you.' he said at length, as he loft the table, ' You've been uncommonly civil for a stranger. I've heard your cousin speak of you. she cherishes tender recollec tions of your pleasantries, Mr. Hayburn. I shall see her to-morrow, have you a message ?' 'Yes, but you needn't trouble, 'I'll deliver it myself, good-bye.' Winters left the room, aud walked out of the house towards the bank, telling the laud lord, whom ho passed in the street, that he was going to Sydney on the following day, and would be away probably for the beat part of a week. 'Ye'U have one agrayable thravelling companion anyhow, Mr. Winters,' replied the wily Irishman, winkiug with both eyes, and jerking his thumb in the direction of the dining-room window. If you have travelled from the ' far west ' Bince the railway line was opened, you may have been struck with the strange variety of style in carriages with which the traffic manager endeavours to meet the convenience of all manner of travellers ; and perhaps you liavu thought that there must be some eccen tric residents in those parts, considering the peculiar tastes for which he caters. Each train looks like a long list of samples, and the fairest thing to conclude is that it lias been driven over the plains for three years in search of a buyer, and none having turned up is still on the market, aud much the worse for weur. Edward Winters picked the dirtiest, and meanest carriage of all. His lnaguilicent acquaintance, he was well aware, would seek one with cushions and a spittoon at all events ; and in that way I10 might . count on freedom from annoyance for the iirst part of the journey at all events. It's a good time for reflection when you are imprisoned within four narrow walls, it they are evon tho walls of a railway carriage and the train is bowling over the plains at 1 he desperate rate of twelve miles an hour From his corner in the dirty compart ment Edward sat wearily forcing fresh links in the chain of destiny that had so recently begun to chink at his heels. Outwardly he maintained an appearance of moderate tran quility. In reality he was on the brink of despair. So earnestly indeed had he fought the doctor's suspicious, so bitterly did hu mean to maintain the conflict, that not only was a belief in Sir Wilfrid's madness essential to the position ho had assumed, but he began to feel it no less a matter of duty than a matter of course to admit the certainty of a similar doom in his own .case. This was the spirit in which he raked amongst Uie ember.-,, dirty and charred and dry as they were, ol the past twenty years ol his life. Would a review of his conduct from child hood supply 110 evidence ot mental aberration? Were there 111 his composition 110 instances of hereditary eccentricity ? Ihu dilheulty was to know exactly what was evidence and what was merely irrelevant coincidence. But he was going to be balked by no nice questions of that sort. Uhere are time» — when a mail is very desperate — that he insists upon discovering the worst, and it the ' worst ' is not. bad enough, then at the bottom of lus heart lie leels dissatisfied. Edward WiuterB was in just such a humor. With the ingenuity ol n criminal lawyer, he pressed the ease against himself. One lact alter another, relating more or less closely to the question at issue, cume to light ; .cir cumstances that had hitherto appeared absurd or trivial, clothed themselves 111 un dreamed ol significance. He tiftcd, and arranged them cautiously, aud then with trembling anxiety argued each point iu suc cession. After all though, his lile had not been althgetlier wretched, it had been grovi ously haunted, and now, as he peered into the past, the ghosts came out of their caverns aud greeting him with hornblu jibes led bun back to Ins lather s grave. Ilius thu case went against him and the train bowled 011. The gaunt, grey trees with their nakud out stretched arms, nud those that were clothed with their shroud ol colorless leaves marchcd past 111 ti ghastly proucssiou. lo avoid his compuuion ot the day before, instead of gut ting out with the rust ot the passengers for refreshments tie fed alone 111 his cage. He suiokcd there too ut intervals, una before night camo, to lus surprise, for lie wus a sober man, he discovered that be had emptied lus whisky flask. Hour alter hour passed away. Tho salt bush country gavo place to the forest, the plain began to bredlc up into low lulls, the townships grow more important, cultivation paddocks surrounded the homesteads, and at length as tlio outlines began to lade uml the red dust to riso once more into thu air, lights appearing iu tho scattered shanties and glaring fires outside the tents, ho dozed oil into an uneasy sleep. It wus quite dark \--when I10 awoke, with a start, as tbe train shunted with a jerk against Bome cattle trucks waiting on a siding to be^convcyed to tho metropolis. To his surprise he was 110 longer nloue, During his nap u stranger had onterod tho compartment. Ho had evidently joined the train at the lost stopping place, H; ?? v-'Viv': -rW for ho was still arranging his luggage, and had not even disturbed tho packages with which tho opposite seat was strewn, Thoy were almost in the dark, for the oil lamp which they shared with their next door neighbours wns less cffcctunlly distributing light than simile. Edward ro«a at once nnd removed the obstructions lo his fellow travel ler's comfort. The man thanked him courte ously, aud having ensconced himself in a corner began to fill a huge pipe. 'That's very provoking,' he said, after searching in every pocket, ' I certainly had a box of matches.' Without saying a word, Edward passed half-n-dozen wax vestas between his finger and thumb. Again the stranger thanked him, and pro ceeded to light liis pipe. The transient glow irradiated a bearded face with a pair of earnest eyes, and lips so tightly compressed at the corners that for the moment it wns hard to Bay whether or not it was a kindly face or merely one indicative of unusual firm ness and sclf-posseision. 'I hope it's my only vice,' said tho stranger, puffing away with the relish of a man who had just survived a tobacco famine. 'I suppose I could give it lip if nccessory, but why should I ? Why should any man lind a pleasure in whittling down the little comforts of life ? It is said th£it it's easier to sacrifice one's grog than one's pipe, and for my own part I believe it. Indeed, in my case I some times think that smoking's hereditary.' Hereditary I The transmsssion of personal characteristics was just then occupying Ed ward's mind to the exclusion of almost everything ^Ise. His lips quivered. Ho looked stedfastly into the speaker's facc and enquired with some anxiety, ' Have you studied the question ?' 'No, not the question of an hereditary love for tobacco. It's a mere surmise, though there may be something in it. The Irish must surely inherit a liking for potatoes.' The stranger laughed, and struck another mateh to resuscitate his pipe. Edward smiled faintly, nnd assuring him self this time that lus companion had a kindly face, replied, .'You believe in the transmission of some peculiarities then — how about madness ?' ?' Undoubtedly 1 believe in thu hereditary transmission of madness.' The young man winced ; but it was too dark for anyone but himself to ba aware of the fact. ' Did you ever hear of an instance She_iead half tho letter through, theu paused to count the days to Christmas, when he had promised to be la town a-ridn.' in which the child of a man suffering from acuta and permanent derangement lived and died in his senses ?' ' Certainly I- have,' replied the new-eomer. ' Injrny? experience as a clergyman I've seen many such cases, although as a matter of fact I've generally observed a tendency to wards mild'eecentricity in'most'ef them, nnd I shouldn't like'to vouch for the next gener ation. Are you interested in thaistudy ?' Edward Winters hadino' intention of pro claiming! his deal's to -the world. Ho felt that I10 was trending on dangerous ground and merely replied that I10 liad recently mat with a caso in which 1 a voung «man whoss father- .had died 111 a madhouse, soon dis covered hereditary symptoms in himself ; nnd added, ' Now, supposing that young fellow asked you for your daughter's hand, would.you consout .?' '?It I was acquainted with 'the ilreum staucus I should certainly do my bust to dissuade him from marrying at all. It's a difficult question to answer. It would all depend upon the symptoms ; and after nil it's n matter for the- doctors .to decide. Is yotir friend engaged ?' I his was almost too much. Edward bit bis lips, niul hesitated. 'Perhaps I'm trespassing upon your cou fulcuco,' said the clorgyman at length. ' It was quito unintentional. I assure yon.'' ' Don't apologiso, ' Edward ropliod. ' Yes, I'm sorry to say that hu is engaged.' '? What do you think of lus stata of mind1;'' ' Well, oddly enough, nobody doubts it but himself ; although to tell you the truth the syniptoniB as hu describes thum do look lather bud. Throughout his life, at intervals, he hns suffered from acute morbidity. A change 111 tho weather, a lack of congenial society, a slight disappointment, has always been sufficient to produce tho most lament able depression of spirits. Then thore woro tlie tears ot Ins childhood, fears - of ghonti, fears of robburs, fuars of heaven, fears of hell, and ono particularly iiguificaut dread — a fear of having committed what he called 'tbe unpardonable mu.' ' He wrote doggrul, too, indeed sometimes even now you miyht see his verses 111 the poet 8 comer of a conntry newspaper. Not that that wiui bad 111 itself ; but in his father the passion for vgrslfyiug was uncontrollable. Indeed it wan a vory pronounued phase of his dlmentia ; so that, to say tho least, it's a most questionable heirloom.' The clergyman listened attentively. ' Is he n religious man, or at least a man inclined to respectable morality ?' hs asked at length, Edward shook his -homl gravely. ' Ah 1 that involve* still furthur grounds for appre hension,' be answered at length with a eigli. 'For a while lie was littlo better thau a monomaniac, nnd he told me himself that In the end hu gave up his religion, even gave up attending a place of worship from a horror of being through a lack of mental ballast impelled to lengths ol irredeemable extravagance in matters of devotion.' ' Your f riend'a case is a least nil interesting ono, and 1 fear a sad one,' replied the clergy man, bestowing w^t Edward considered an unnecessarily soarch^ng gaze upon liim. A third passenger found his way to the car and nothing, moro wn\ said on the subject, though in tho silonce of tfiat fair Australian night, as the train wns standing with the signals against it and the stars shining in through the open windows, you might havo heard a low sob in the nornev of the dingy railway carringe, nnd. perhaps- even caught a sentenco or two as it escaped, tho lips of Edward Winters. 'Oh! Ethel,' my Ethel, God bless you darling,' he mnrmered, 'Little do you dream of the sorrow this dny has in \- store for you. Biit it must bo done, I can save you and I will.' ill. Ethel Hayburn walked up to the breakfast table thnt morning with the sweetest smile imaginable. 'That's the sort of dish for which you have a never failing appetite, my dear,' said hor father ns she reached out har delicate hand for a letter that had been thrown upon her plate as a pleasant surprise by one of her brothers! She lind several brothers nnd two small sisters, for the Haybtirns were a large, and in one sense, a 'growing' family. Ethel's mother was an invalid, and the care of the household had consequuntly devolved princi pally upon her good management. She wns her fnther's right hand, nnd soft nnd gentle as was her nature, no partner could have shared the responsibilities of his business with better judgment or more marked suc cess. He did absolutely nothing without her advice, and whether it:rolated to a hundred feet of city property- or to a purchase of arrowroot, alio gnve it, *' for wlint it was worth,' she always said, with as much feminine grace as though she had been pass ing an opinion upon the latest styles in opera cloaks. 'Why don't Ethel read that letter,' in quired her youngest sister, 'You spoke as if it was something to eat, father, and I always eat lollies as soon as I get them.' 'Evett with, your hat* sandwiches at luncheon for Instance, my darling,' chimed' in her sister. The fath«r looked up, and smiling, know inglg replied. ' Oh, Ethel'a a woman you see, and women have a habit of separating the sweets of life from the savories. That's why some woman take to , the cloister, and others go into the churches to pray on week days. There is something too sacred about a woman's highest joys to share them with the world.' 'And men, what about their joys?' asked Ethel. - - ' The majority o£ men are incapable ol joys quito bo etherial,' replied her father, , buttering a mushroom that he was about to swallow with a piece of steak. 'Their pleasures aru for the most part pleasures of the world— of tho earth, earthy, my dear.' 'Or liko Cousin Dick's of the weed,, weedy,' sho suggested naively. Charlio Hayburn, oiglit years old, with bib and tucker on, laughed heartily, and, by way of emphasizing tho joko, began to puff away at a crust of bread that he had already nibbled 111 the shape of one of cousius Diclc s favourite meerchums. 'Your ooiisin will bo 111 town during tho: week, probably to-day. ' observed the father, when I-.thel walked with her arm through his to the garden gata. ' Now. like a dear good girl, do your best to mako poino re paration fer tho past. Tt is a crime to love a woman who is purer and nobler than one- ? self ? You know he loved you.' \- ' As well as I10 could lovo anything but himself.' . / 'And for my part. I think it was the only good thing ho over did lu lus life.' ' And you know, fathor, dear, that I would forgivo lum for everything* but that. - v Happiness would only have beon possible ' undor one condition, and that waf when lie had dragged mv lifo down to tlie^lovol of'his own.' - . 'You might havo elovated Dick, my love.' , This was too much for anything. The idea ' ? of elevating Dick I Fat, lazy, tobaaco-sceutod1 ? '? Dick- 1 ' 'You are4cally to humane, you old dear,' said Kthol. with a parting, knin. ; 'Most ' ' fathoi'H would have kicked the fellow out: of doors.' When tho servants had received tlieir orders for tho day, the young mistress might 1 be Been strolling loisuroly into tlio gardon. Sho made straight for hor old friend, tho Morton Hay Jig treo. Its shado wau pleasant that morning, for the sun wa3 powerful and tha soa breeze was lato iu .springing up. Her grandfather had planted that tree three quarters of a century ago. Her fatkar when a boy had ornamented its stem with all manner of duvisos — mottoes, hearts, initials and so forth, aud her brothors had aided to the rcportoiro. It was likswlao historic, of the exact height at certain ages— but the ages always aro forgotten — of three genera tions of Hayburns. Aud it seemed to Ethel as though beforo long it might become the standard measure of a fourth generation evon. Sho drow the letter from lier pocket, and having thrown tha envolopo 011 the ground composed lrersolf to the task of J reading it. They were always moments of m- / tense pleasure — thoso moments spent over r. Edward's letters. By postponing tlie perusal / . of tliem until she had leisure to drink in the/. v' sweets of oaeli lmo, she sunwhow addeiV^M, more than bank interest to their value\ ? s_ ? ? ? ? ? .-open at tlie end wns like draw A of agod wine she fanoie 1. Tho ^fore hor was the best she lind ever ..each successive ono wn,3 always tfie but how unsatisfactory after nil, low „t- short of tho joys of actual coaversiition. /She read half tlio letter through, then /mused to count the days to Christmas, when he hail promised to be in town again. At last it was finished, and read again, awl she was still sitting witli it before her when the gate leading from a side lane opened and sho heard ft low and faltering footstep on the gravel walk. It was not ft familiar step. She never remembered hearing it before. And to enter by the side gate too, the gate that only hr. lind been in the habit of using in the day time. It approached toa junction, that of two paths and there for a moment paused. She listened. It moved 011, but instead of taking tlie road to tho house door, it. followed (lie pslli behind the shrubbery, ll'jr heart heat qiliek. There' was something ?-'' strange, almost suspicious in that _ step. *4 Whose couM it'be. She listened again. It \- ?1'eil away. It must have passed on to the \ '.nvly planted flower beds. Sho will go ciraight tn the gardener, : As she rises, a hand falls gently on her .'? ' shoulder and a voice— a strangely altered . voice gasps out ' My Ethel 1' Another /I iiminent and she wns quivering like a bird in / Judward's arms. He is ghastly pale, and j ten rs are standing in liis large brown eyes, ji She is the first, lo speak coherently. ' You I are ill dear. That place ia hilling yon.' ' It's not the place , my darling. It's the. thought of you that makes me pale.' She only shook her head and gazed more: wonderingly than ever into his face. ' Oh Ethel !' at length he burst out ?'? I' am not the man I thought I wns. I've no. right to marry you, nnd I won't.' ? ' Why Edward, what do you mean ?' she; said with a start. -=rr^-itr-ivon M-only-pa:ii -von ? Belter forget all about me.' 'Hut I insist upon knowing,' she con tended. 'You can't alter it, dear. It is a matter of family history. It has to do with my . parentage.' ~'p?i'But you are English. You were tha first of your family to come out to Sydney. Why should you be asliamediof your parent nge ?' '?UVnot that, Ethel — it's' something in finitely worse, I would rather drag my owa life out, iu iron chains than bind you to my altered .fori line'! with the cord of'a poisoned love.' This was more than she could stand. She put her hands up to her face and wept bit terly — the first time she had ever cried iu his presence without rocking herself in. his arms. Edward sat beside her motion less. Another gate opened— the front gate this time — and it was a flat and heavy foot that trod the firavel beneath it. The color came to E.i ward's face, and Ethel, leaving her seat, walked behind the shrubs where the shade was dense. N®r did she appear again until Cousin Dick's portly form hail twice tra versed the lawn, and after subjecting itself to serious contortions in the presence of Edward, liad disappeared for the rest of the day. The lovers, fc.r thuy were lovers still, re paired to the house. Bitter tears were sheil iu a half-darkened room. Kisses were wrunj* from a pale and silent form stretched help-' lessly upon the couch. Then the great hall ' j door opened slowly, and Edward reeled to 'lie garden gate. * * » * \t Warrona people had begun to talk of Grange ways of the new bank manager, ^ergy had doomed it their duty to inter t him. Some of the storekeepers had \considering the propriety of removing /accounts. Even the police had been |Aed to keep an eye upon him. Edward .:-,£till going mad. . Others migh* tell you liiat he is more knave than fool, but he knows better. Changes in the weather affect' liira more than evor. On dull days he only speaks iu monosyllables, and when not actively en gaged with customers, sits mopiue before his desk; Ho walks by himself, und then only iiee isionally complains of nervous twitching in his muscles. Certain localities he exclidos a! together from his rumbles.' Open .stretches of country and particular aspectsof the town i ship itself 'jars on liis nerves,'' he tells you. Ho has dillieulty too in concentrating liis thoughts upon the figures before him. All sigus of the approaching ends. He had cea sed even to kick against the prickB now. 'It's only a question of time,' he said to himself oue unusually cloudy day as he sat alone in his bedroom after leaving the bank. '?Another year or two and I suppose^ I shall be notonly be rosigneil to my fate — I've been tliafc all along— but perfectly contented with it.' . A knock came to the door. Ho took no notice of it. Thero it was again, and this tiiie the hanble was violently shaken. Still lie sat, silently stroking tho hair down over hi, 3 forehoad. Thou tho door was gently ' opened.' and au unexpected visitor sidled ?with '.difficulty into tho narrow apartment. * 'Excuse me, Mr. Wintors,' said the intruder ; ''but I've got some news that may -be interesting.' , Edward looked up. Oace again in his lifo ? he ' was surprised.' Lately ho had been .wJMOnished at nothing— barely interested, in ct', iu anything. ' Dr. . Martin !' he now claimed, ami took the old man. by both (ids with a kind of 6avage gleo. ? Sea, it was Dr. Martin. The man who wnixed the potion and then disappeared ?jjnously seemed, to have come back again \\. 5in time to give, his .victim a decent \' -:Aarcd as much,' he safe! anxiously, as vv- -i'-fl into the pale wan face. ' That was v ^SMit's work, .but J didn't thiq.k yoq'd k-:£Y La ? ^ kciwhat I said soriously. So ffew people om sl('e tho Profession ever gave hereditary dial 'asc a sin8lc thought. I left Warrona in a ht. T1'y '03' you should ask more questions, for 1 'tl liad a littl0 whisky. ami didn't know how l ?uch *'d t0,ti you- And if it hadn't, been i or atton-iln{» a young lady who is away from i l,0.me f°r change of air, having been nenrly killed by the heartlessness of her lover, I shoulc. . 1 n-iver hav? Sivcn yo» the credit for thinking anything but my unfortunate allusion t0 Lafly Winters, which, I beg to say, is ei direly without foundation. This same vonn, '- inf'y 'roused my suspicions, nnd hero I am to doctor you now. Everything's eome right i ^ last- secrets are solved. For' ive riie i uk! I'll c'.re you in a fortnight.' 'Nothanto, no medicine doctor,' said the patient with i -? waive of his hand. 'Its too late for thai ni 'This ono «lo a.e ftnrl no more, I promise you no more,' pwrs isted the old man. And so saying he took i medicine case from his huge breast-pocket, JM id read out the following rather queer pros 'ription, which ho said had been placed in his bands by tho young lady's fathoi . j.Mosga ..ton, May 16th, 18S2. 'To .Thomas Haybv 'rn, Esq. 'Dear Uncle,— Vou 'told me to write what particulars of young Vl 'inter's family history I was able to discovei ' during my tour in England. I think at ll '-st wo have bowled him out. IIow dare he pass himself off in Australia as the son of i'itled parents. I should bo obliged if yoil will .inform my cousin Ethel of the true fonts of .the case. They are briefly these. His father, a drun ken blacksmith, died when he was a few ! months old. His mother, unable to maintain a family, sought help from the neighbouring gentry. Edward was taken in hand by Lady Wintors, who, nnich to the annoyance of lier husband, determined to adopt him as hor own son. Both Sir Wilfrid and Lady . Winters have been dead for Bomo years now, arid their estates being encumbered with debta, nothing remains for the Australian .adventurer. 'Your nephew, 'Richard Hayburn.' * * » * , 'What an aBS a follow is to label himself a madman, Ethel,' said Edward Winters to liis bride one fine spring morning, as they leaned over the side of the Flora on their -way to Tasmania. ' You'll never do it again, dear, will you?' she said looking up into his face. ' No. in future I am going to wait until other people tell mo I'm mad my darling,'- ' And you'll believe it then ?' ' I don't promise.' 'Why?' '? Because that old bachelor with the 'possum rug over his knees says we look like a pair of lunatics — that all young couples do.' 