RELIGIOUS. Professor Drummond has again disappointed his Sydney friends, having finally left here on Thursday night for Brisbane en route to India, China and Japan. Referring to the deportation of Rev. Shirley Baker the Weekly Advocate (Wesleyan) says "There is reason to hope that at last there has come peace to that sadly-distracted church and freedom of conscience and worship to those who have been fined, imprisoned and exiled upon the most trivial pretexts, and often in open disregard of all the forms of law and justice recognised in civilised society." Archbishop Carr, of Melbourne, says children in the State should not be brought up as Pagans, for if they are allowed to grow up without religion they will not make good citizens. The book of morals in the State schools only teach children to lead good lives for the sake of expediency, and the suggested remedy of introducing selected passages from the Bible would supply non-Catholics rules of faith, and Catholics object to the introduction of purely Protestant rules of faith into the State schools. Speaking at the annual meeting of the Victorian Auxiliary of the London Missionary Society Dr. Bevan maintained that the only proper course in regard to tbe South Sea Islands was to clear out all European Powers from them and leave these waters absolutely free from the complications which arose from the disastrous presence of tbe European nations. He protested against the transference of the difficulties of tbe Northern and Eastern Hemisphere to the Southern and Western. "The Nations of the Saved" is the subject of a special discourse to be preached to-morrow evening at the Apostolic Cuurch, Elizabeth- street, Redfern. In a neighboring colony (remarked Canon Selwyn in his address to the Newcastle Synod) if a school inspector asks a child whether and why it ought to honor and obey its parents and the child is innocent enough to say " Yes. because God teaches us to honor our parents," the inspector will answer " Not at all, not at all ; I know nothing and you have no business to know anything about God, You are to honor your father and mother because they clothe and feed you." Pastor J. R. Cooper, formerly of Perth (Tas.) has gathered a large church at Portland (Vic.), who have recently purchased the local Masonic- hall for £1100. Rev. Wilson, of Northern Queensland, succeeds Rev. Pollard in the Anglican charge at Brown's River, Tasmania. Rev. Thatcher, M.A., B.D., a native of Victoria, who began his academical career in the Victorian Congregational College and University, has arrived from England on a short visit to his parent colony. Mr. Thatcher has received a permanent engagement at Mansfield College, Oxford, in conjunction with Dr. A. M. Fairbairn. A bazaar in connection with the Leichhardt Baptist Church is to be opencd by Mr. William White, of Redfern, on Wednesday next. The 32nd anniversary of the Balmain Congregational Church was celebrated last Sunday. Newtown Baptist Church reports an increase of 87 members and 100 Sunday-school scholars for the year just closed. The Anglican Bishop of Dunedin (Dr. Neville) is visiting Victoria for the purpose of obtaining subscriptions for the establishment of a training school for clergy. The danger of Sir Alfred Stephen's Divorce Amendment Act (according to Canon Selwyn) arose from its being undertaken in the sacred name of pity for the oppressed, as if Christians and their Lord and Master were likely to be less pitiful than the heathen's of old and the infidels of the present time. Rev. John Hallan, of Newcastle-on-Tyne, is the new president of the British Primitive Methodist Conference. Rev. G. E. Rowc, recently installed as Worshipful Master of the Lodge Unity, under the South Australian Constitution of Masons, is the first Methodist minister in Australia who has been elected to the chair of King Solomon. Rev. Thos. Kench (late of Finsbury Tabernacle, London) has accepted the pastorate of the Stanmore Congregational Church. Steps are likely to be taken shortly to erect a permanent edifice. Rev. William Allen, of Neil- street Cburch, Carlton (Vic.), has accepted the pastorate of the Petersham Congregational Church, in succession to the Rev. Joseph Robertson, M.A. Mr. Allen is a native of Victoria and is regarded as an exceedingly able man. He was the author of the prize " Centennial Ode" at the late Melbourne Exhibition. His pastorate at the Carlton Church extended over 10 years. Rev. J. Wbeatley, late of Ipswich (Q.) has been inducted to the Anglican cure of Scotts- dale (Tas.) The Banner and Anglo-Catholic Review is the name of a new religious paper published in Sydney this week. The Rev. J. E. Carruthers, of Ryde, returned to Sydney from Queensland on Thursday. The Auburn Baptists have just completed the purchase of a block of land for the erection of a church. Rev, Robert Harley, M. A. has decided to further extend the duration of his ministry at Pitt-street Congregational Church until the end of November. Early in September Mr. Harley visits Brisbane for the purpose of delivering a lecture under the auspices of the Royal Society. The Melbourne Argus says it may be better policy for the Pope to come openly into the world and work in harmony with the secular powers than to remain in seclusion. The Victorian Auxiliary of the London Missionary Society raised £1282 18s 6d during last year. Archdeacon Pownall, of Wagga, still continues indisposed. Professor J. Stuart Blackie thus interprets the decision just given in the famous Dods' heresy case:- You've done a bad thing, but you're not A bad boy ; this time you go free; But if your tougue you dare to wag Again, without a Dingwall gag. You'll get a flogging for your fee. Mrs. Saumarez Smith died, in the prime of life, of congestion ot the lungs. She left a family of seven daughters and a son. Rev. Clark, locum tenens for Archdeacon Wilson during the latter's absence in Europe, is to succeed Rev. Reid in the Anglican incumbency of Carcoar. To morrow special sermons will be preached in the three Franciscan churches — St, Francis of Assisi, St. Charles' (Waverley) and St. Joseph's (Woollahra) — preparatory to the great celebrated on August 1. Fathers Hegarty and Mangan, of the Redemptorists, have just closed a successful mission at Branxton. The Young People's Magazine for August should receive a hearty welcome from young and old. It is full of interesting reading and capitally illustrated. The Rev. W. E, Masterman conducted an Orange service in the Toongabbie Primitive Methodist Church last Sunday, Local Orange- men appeared in regalia. A requiem mass to the memory of Father Placid Quirk was held in St. Patrick's, Parramatta, last Tuesday. The church was crowded, and about 30 priests attended the solemn office. Arrangements are being made for a hospital church parade by the Parramatta friendly societies. All Saints, Parramatta, celebrates its 42nd anniversary next week. Special musical arrangements are being made for the service at the induction of the Rev. J. W. Inglis at St. Andrew's, Parramatta. The Rev. H. M. Parkinson preached a sermon on " Gymnastics" at the Parramatta Wesleyan Church on Sunday last. Speaking of modern athletics he said, cricket should tend to foster energy, patience, pluck, skill, magnanimity and restraint, while football might tend towards the brutal. A danger to be guarded against was dragging down what might be good by drinking, gambling and Sabbath desecration. The mania for amusement in churches is coming to a head in Sydney (says the Christian Leader) when the Sunday -school teachers must have a comic man at their annual meetings, while funny recitations are given at children's meetings and " a kiss in the dark" at congregational soirees. Mr. Morry, the newly-elected M.P. for South Brisbane, in a prominent member of the Primitive Methodist Church and an occasional lay preacher. Croydon Congregational Church has reduced its liabilities by £500 during the past year, not- withstanding that they have been without a pastor. A farewell social is to be tendered to the Rev. Joseph Robertson, M.A., and wife by the Petersham Congregational Church next Tuesday. Rev. William Higlett, pastor of the Toowoomba Baptist Church, has accepted the pastorate of the Albion Church, Brisbane. Mr. H. C. White, of Havilah, has given £250 towards the jubilee fund of St. John's Church, Mudgee. Rev. Dr. Steel has written a kind letter of sympathy to the wife of the late Principal Fletcher on behalf of the Presbyterian Church. Mr. Hudson Taylor, founder of the famous China Inland Mission, is likely to visit Australia soon. On Monday evening Mrs. Brand, who has been engaged in Indian mission work and who is returning to the Punjaub, delivered an address in St. Thomas' School-hall, Balmain. There was a large attendance. Mr. J. C. Waterman presided and Mr. W. W. Williams and the Rev. J. Dixon afterwards addressed the meeting. A welcome meeting is to be given to Mr. C. Boyall, the evangelist lately from England, at Bathtust-street Baptist Church next Thursday, Glad Tidings, the New South Wales organ of the Methodist Holiness Association, has a circulation of 14,500 copies per issue. Rev. Dr. Sellors is temporarily laid aside and prevented from fulfilling all engagements by a severe attack of acute rheumatism. "A race for souls" is the subject of a full page illustration in this week's War Cry. The picture represents the majors of the various colonics competing in a footrace as typical of the effort made throughout Australia during the past six months to " win 10,000 souls" The competitors are shown in the order of merit. Victoria first breasts the tape, followed by New South Wales and Queensland. The number of professions at Salvation Army meetings in Australia during the first half of this year total 11,219 men and women and 2826 children. Rev. O. R, Hewlett, on resigning the Anglican charge at Papakura (N.Z.) on account of failing health, was presented with a purse of sovereigns and an address. The Auckland Y.W.C.A. presented Miss Alexander, a lady long and actively connected with the work of that association, with a purse of sovereigns and several minor gifts, on the occasion of her marriage. Rev. W. Scott, of the Wharf-street Congregational Church, Brisbane, invites questions from working men at his Sunday evening course of special lectures on the Bible. Rev, G. Ewan, licensee of the Glasgow Free Church Presbytery, and Mr. Alexander Barr, who has passed his University and divinity course at Glasgow, are proceeding to Queensland and are strongly recommended to the Church there. Professor Rentoul, of Melbourne, and Dr. Steel, of Sydney, are visiting Brisbane as a deputation in connection with the proposed Presbyterian mission to the Queensland aborigines. Both preachers occupied city pulpits last Sunday and delivered lectures in various church s during the week. Rev. Andrew Chapman, M.A., of the Westray (Orkney Islands) Presbyterian Church has resigned his charge and is coming to labor in Queensland, probably in the Rockhampton district. Bishop Dawes has started on a gigantic tour from the west to the Gulf of Carpentaria, and thence via Thursday Island to Cooktown, a distance, by land and water, of about 2000 miles. His object is to station Anglican missionaries at certain centres to work the surrounding districts. Canon Wilberforce has declined to speak again on the platform of the Church of England Temperance Society, in consequence of the society's opposition to the " no compensation " agitation. Referring to the deputation of South Australian ministers, asking that the law preventing ministers of religion from entering Parliament be amended, the Weekly Advocate (Sydney) says :- " There may be exceptional cases ; but the adage, ' Let the cobbler stick to his last' applies to preaching as well as to meaner callings." Rev. John M'Neill, speaking at the May meeting of the London City Mission, remarked : "What is wanted is a new baptism of the Holy Ghost and that means a baptism of common sense. Grace and sense are synonymous terms and are about equally scarce. Preach not the sham, brummagem, pinchbeck gospel of the day, but the gospel of God's salvation." Queen Victoria, it is calculated, rules over more Mahomedans than the Sultan of Turkey— more Mahomedans than Christians, counting Roman Catholics and Protestants— and ever more pagans than Christians and Mahomedans counted together. "At one leap," says Mr. W. J. Foote in regard to Mrs. Annie Besant's acceptance of Theosophism, " she left atheism and materialism and plunged into the vilest pantheism and spiritualism." The returns of membership in the Wesleyan foreign missions for last year show 34,086 cburch members, 4866 on trial, or a net increase of 950. Canon Wilberforce on being told that in taking part in the " no compensation " demonstration in Hyde Park, London, he would have to stand beside socialists who, if they had the opportunity, would destroy the very organisation to which he belonged, replied that he would rather see the temporalities and externals of the Church of England— for that was all anybody could touch-destroyed by the socialists than built up by the co-operation of the iniquitous liquor traffic. He would rather see their cathedrals and churches rot upon the ground than built up by money amassed out of the blood of the nation. The bishops and cardinals of the Roman Catholic Hierarchy have! been summoned to meet the Pope in conference next year to consider the present condition of the Church throughout the world. According to a writer in the last issue of the Jewish Quarterly Review the Jews do not consider themselves free to engage in any form of manual occupation on the Sabbath. They will neither draw, write nor drive on the holy day, nor will they then take part in gamed of chance, attend theatres or play instruments of music. I think the greatest religious malady of the age (says Mr. Gladstone) is shallowness and feebleness in the sense of sin. The bronze statue of the late Henry Ward Beecher, destined to adorn the Prospect Park, Brooklyn, is approaching completion and is said to be a very handsome work of art. The statue itself is an excellent piece of modelling and the design for the base, representing a liberated negro girl looking up in admiration, a poorly clad street arab boy also looking up reverently and a young girl strewing flowers on the plinth is also very effective. The cost of the monument will be about £7000. In some " Early Memories of Edinburgh and Dr. Chalmers," Mr. Gladstone gives a number of interesting reminiscences of the eminent Scotch divine. "1 was excessively embarrassed by the fact," he writes, " that he always signed his letters to me, ' Yours most respectfully Thomas Chalmers,' and I being a young man, and I hope not particularly impudent or self- conceited, was extremely troubled, because I didn't know how to sign my letters to him, for whom I felt a sincere veneration." Rev. Henry Owen, rector of Llangefni and one of the oldest ministers in the United Kingdom, died on May 9. He was ordained in 1832 and was 94 years of age at the time of his death. \------------------------------------------------------------ 