<S>hMvm'# if clttttm. Folk-tales for Little Folk. THE ELFIN HILL. ßv UKCLEWIIX. (Concluded. ) Tlic daughters drew on their shawls am bowed down to tho ground. There stood th old goblin from thc Dovro mountains, wit! his crown of hardened icc and polished fir cones. Besides this, he wore a bear-skin, au< great, wann boots, while his sons went witl their tliroats bare and wore no braces, fo they were strong men. "Is that a hui ?" said thc youngest of tin boys, pointing to tho elf hill, " we should cal it a hole in Norway. " " Boys," said thc old man, " u hole goes in and a hill stands out ; have you no eyes ii your heads ?" Another thing they wondered at was, thai they were able without trouble to understand thc language. " Take care," said the old man, " or pcopli will think you have not been well brough up." Then they entered thc elfin hill, where tin select and grand company were assembled, and so quickly had they appeared that the} seemed to havo been blown together. Bul for each guest the neatest and pleasantest arrangement had been made. The sea folki sat at table in great water-tubs, and they said it was just like being at home. All behaved themselves properly excepting thc two young northern goblins ; they put then' legs on thc table and thought they were all right. "Feet off the table-cloth!" said tho old goblin. They obeyed, but not immediately. Then they tickled the ladies who waited at table, with thc fir- cones, which they carried in their pockets. They took off their boots, that they might be more at ease, and gave them to the ladies to hold. But their father, the old goblin, was very different; he talked pleasantly about the stately Norwoginn rocks, and told fine talcs of the waterfalls which dashed over them with a clattering noise like thunder or the sound of an organ, spreading their white foam on every side. He told of the salmon that leaps in the rushing waters, while the water-god plays on his golden harp. He spoke of the bright winter uights, when the sledge bells arc ringing, and the boys run with burning torches across the smooth icc, which is so transparent that they eau sec the fishes dart forward beneath their feet. He described . everything so clearly, that those who listened could seo it all ; they could sec the saw- mills going, the men-servants and thc maidens singing songs, and dancing a rattling dance,-when all at once thc old goblin gave the old elfin maiden a kiss, such a tremendous kiss, and yet they were almost strangers to each other. Then the elfin girl had to dance, first in the usual way, and then with stamping feet, which they performed very well; then followed the artistic and solo dance. Dear me, how they did throw their legs about ! No one could tell where the dance begun, or where it ended, nor indeed which were legs and which were arras, for they were all flying about together, like thc shavings in a saw-pit ! And then they spun round so quickly that death-horse and the grave- pig became sick and giddy, and were obliged to leave the table. "Stop'."cried thc old goblin, "isthat thc only housekeeping they can perform? Can they do anything more than dance and throw about their legs, and make a whirlwind ?" " You shall soon sec what they can do, said the elf king. And then he called bis youngest daughter to bim. She was slender and fair as moonlight, and the most graceful of all thc sisters. She took a wlute chip in her mouth, and vanished instantly : this was her accomplishment. But the old goblin said he should not like his wife to have such an accomplishment, and thought his boys would have thc same objection. Another daughter could make a figure like herself follow her, as if she hod a shadow, which none of thc goblin folk ever have. Thc third was of quite a different sort; she liad learnt in the brew hoUBe of thc moor witch how to lard elfin puddings with glow-worms. " She will make a good housewife," said thc old goblin, and then saluted her with his eyes instead of drinking her health ; for he did not drink much. Now came the fourth daughter, with a large liarp to play upon ; and when she struck the first chord, every one lifted up thc left leg (for thc goblins arc left-legged), and at thc second chord they found they must all do just what she wanted. "That is a dangerous woman," cried the goblin ; aud thc two sons walked out of thc hill ; they had had enough of it. "And what can the next daughter do?" asked thc old goblin. " I have learnt everything that is Nor- wegian," said she ; " and that I will never marry, unless I can go to Norway." Then her younger sister whispered to thc old goblin, "That is only because she has heard, in a Norwegian song, that when thc world shall decay, the clifls of Norway will remain standing like monuments; and silo wants to get there, that she may be safe ; for she is so afraid of sinking." " Ho 1 bo !" said thc old goblin, " is that what she means ? Well, what can thc seventh and last do ?" " The sixth comes before tho seventh," said the elf king, for he could reckon ; but the sixth would not come forward. "I can only tell people thetrnth," said she. " No one cares for me, nor troubles himself about me ; and I have enough to do to sew my grave-clothes." So thc seventh and last came ; and what could she do? Why she could tell stories, as many as you liked, on any subject. "Herc are my five fingers," said thc old goblin; "now tell me a story for each of them." So she took him by thc wrist, and he laughed | till ho nearly choked ; and when she came to the fourth finger, there was a gold ring on it, as if it know Ibero was to bc a betrothal. Then the old goblin said, "Hold fast what you lia vc : this band is yours ; for I will have you for a wife myself." Then thc elfin girl said that thc stories about the ring-finger and little Peter Phvymau lind not yet been told. " Wc will hear them in thc winter," said thc old goblin, "andalBO about the fir anil the birch-trees, and thc ghost stories, and of tlic tingling frost. You shall tell your talcs, for no one over there can do it so well ; and wc will sit in thc stone rooms, where tho pine logs arc burning, and drink mead out of the golden drinking-horn of tho old Norwegian kings. Tho water-god IIUR given mc two ; and when wc Bit there, Nix comes to pay us a visit, and will sing you all tho songs of thc mountain shepherdesses. How merry »-e shall bc ! Thc salmon will bc leaping in thc waterfalls, and dasliing against the steno I walls, but he will not bc able to come in. It is indeed very pleasant lo live in old Norway. But where aro thc lads ?" Where indeed were they? Why, running about the fields, and blowing out tho will-o' wisps, who so good-naturedly came and brought their torches. "What tricks have you been playing?" said thc old goblin. " I have taken a motlier for you, and now you may take one of your aunts." But tho youngsters said they would rather make a speech and drink to their good fellow- ship; they had no wish to marry. Then tiley mode speeches aud drank toasts, and tipped their glasses, to show that they were empty. Then they took off their coats, and iky down on tho tnblo to sleep ; for they made themselves quite at home. But the old goblin danced about the room with his young bride, and exchanged boots with her, which is more fashionable than exchanging rings. " The cock is crowing," said thc old elfin maiden who acted as housekeeper; "now wc must close the shutters, that tue sun may not scorch us." Then the hill closed up. But the heards continued to run up and down the riven tree ; and one said to the other, " Oh, how much I was pleased with the old goblin !" "The boys pleased me better, said thc earth-worm. But then the poor miserable creature could not see. ' 