??'?;? EEOISLATIVE ASSEMBLY.. ; ..?:.???; i-n-- Thursday,^ September, 1890. !: ., ,V Vhe Speakkb took the- chair at. half-past 3 ... , o'clock. ? I'.;.;'.::: . FORMAL MOTION. I ?!? The following formal motion was agreed to : — -.'. fcy.Mr1. PALMER— . ' .' : ' That thoro bo laid upon tUo tablo of tbo Houeo, n ?4 return ahowing— . , l.'Tho uinmint of monoy paid Into tbo consolidated . ? revenue ttafa tho pastoral district of Iinrko for pastoral rents, BnrVoy fees,' and land rovonue nndor occupation .?I licenses. 6c.-, lit thosottlod district or .Burke.' ? ..!? , ? ., . 8. Also tho amount ol Customs duties received nt tho , . ports of Normautou and llnrkctoyvn, with all chipping . recolpts and amount of Government land sales, and the ? 'total' values '.of all piporta and imports Into tho Gulf ' . ports.1 . ? 3. Also tho amount of expenditure from loan fund on . i ?publioworkB in tbo towns and ports of Noruianlou and ... Burketpwn,— .? , - .? .? ? .'? ? .?' such return to extend over a period of. ton years ending aoth Juno, 1800. -,.?'. MOTION FOR ADJOURNMENT. Proposed Removal of Dredge 'Eh'tinA' ; ...''.' from Norman River. Mr..PALMER said,: Mr. Speaker,— I desire ? to bring a matter, before the Chief Soorotavy with regard to tho district I represent, and I shall ' conclude with tho usual motion. I bring this matter before the bon. gentleman on bahalf of mv constituents at their oxnress wish, and I shall read, some telegrams I have received connected ., with this matter. I also bring this matter i forward on account of my own convictions, . especially with regard to some conversation I had : with the Colonial Treasurer lately. I rofernowto the removal of tho dredge ' Hydra' now engaged at the Norman River bar. When I, called on the . .Colonial Treasurer a foiv weeks ago he assured mo, with regard to tho removal of tho.dredgo, ' i which has .now been working for about two years on the bar of the Norman Riyer, that there was np .intention at that time on the part of tho Go , . vernmont of removing the dredge, and he also said that he would inform me before any stops ,- were taken; I wired the result of that interview to my, constituents,- and now it is said that the order , has gone, forth that the ' Hydra ' iB to be removed at once— in fact, that tenders are called :' for her insurance on her removal. This makes . , it; appear as if I had been drawing a little on ;ii my; imagination, in stating things which wore not; perhaps quite correct. It is a matter of vital importance to the port of Normanton and to the Gulf district that this dredge should finish the work she was sent up to do. In fact it was, i I believe, stated by the Colonial Treasurer who ii sent the dredge there, the Hon. J. R. DiokBon, Ii that :' tho dredge was intended solely, for Gulf . ^purposes, in view of the importance of i that . .'district and the little assistance that had been given in times past. We always understood that ,-. . the dredge would remain permanently there — at all events until all tho work was completed ; and, my constituents now are intensely disap . pointed and feel aggrieved.. They think that they have not been treated very well by the dredge ' being removed before the completion of tho work, ' 'especially considering the reasons given for that '''removal. ? It is Btated that it is absolutely necessary in order to repair hoi4 to bring ' her , South. Now; as it is a matter of very groat . i expense to bring a vessel of tlio kind South and return her again, it would bo well if such repairs could be effected locally, and to show that ' tlio' matter is of no much' ihiportanco I feel called upon to read one or two telegrams I have ' received from the residents of Normanton. I : hope, tho House will not ! consider that I- am boring thorn in reforring to a matter of ;i such vital importance; to my constituency. I consider I am iOuly doing my duty, and lam not bringing the matter forward with any idea of .calling the Administration into 'question, as I ? '? ' consider T. occupy ah independent position in this 'House.' -From the turn affairs have tniken ? ! politically i am not; bound particularly to either side of tlio House, and ['consider my first duty is ,. to my: constituents. Tho first telegram I shall read is from tho Municipal Council of Norman ? ton. It is addressed to myself,' and is Sated from Normontop, 15th Soptember. It 18 as follows: — ; ,, ??' ' BpitepromUomauoyou by Minister Sminors reports dredge to bo reinovud I( Doimvliiirnt. will not protnlao drodgo romatn bring mat tor boforo llouso to- morrow Such atop would bo ruinous futiuq prospects, .Gulf district.' ' The, next telegram is also 'from Normanton — from the chairman. of the divisional board, and . -reads as follows : — ? . , . n ?'Board desirp you niako strenuous efforts rotaln,nnd ' havo dredge overhauled hero Palling tUia to obtain ''? deflriito prbmiaoof immodluto rotum. Aro of opinion repairs only subtorfugo Bunnors to got Month having ? repQfttcdly- expressed strong dcslro tor removal' Driug ' this boforo Assombly.' ' [ ? I may statej'Mr. Speaker, that Sunners ia:tho .'.captain of tho dredge, and in an interview I had' ?i, .with, 'him when.! was up there, not a great many ,.j months ago, ho gavo.mo to understand tliat tho, . j ; dredge ,was in. very good order, and all tho repairs. ? '. , ,| that would Ik- required could l-o dotio by beaching .'. ..her inside the Norman River,' wlluro.thoro'is a eloping beach, and whore large veusola have pro . , viously been beached nnd nttundud to before.. ,'.lThe next telegram, and the lost one 'I Bhall '' trouble tho. House .with, is also signed by tho town clerk of Normanton, and it refers to a meeting held there yosterday :— r ; . ' l . (? Largest attondod nnd most, inllucnttnl public meet , iiiR hold Normauton Uesolution passed that removal . drodgo most disaslrons district That any repairs or ' 'cleaning required can bo effectively done- lioro at little . cost That her work past two years most.succcsstul. Sotou ' Wet six on liar at low springs twonty feet 'high wntor ?In vlow proposals estnblisli meat oxport works to givo outlot produce, our humcuso grazing, districts most deslrablo that clianncl bo.nuiilo dpop on posuiblo If ''.'takoffawaynowrosultiipastwtirltlngslost Akkliigthut '? I competent nmrlno surveyor and ougiuoer. bo sent to report Wired Trbasnror resolution in full also.sontliim further w(ro stating 'that it is well known on bo»t ?'' authority1 that dredgo Viu'novor In bettor working ii 'W^t tWu Rowtlmt any wpprtrco.elyed'b^donartmont;. 'J*ij,,'1ii'.'itriv'.ijy|l!'i.'.1.'.)!|'. ;ii'J ; J.-...«a':ilJ '!?- jji'i-£T jji to contrarj- untruo Further staling that as thoro appears dlfforonco of opinion botwecn Sunners and pilot as to amount silling Oounnll trust will givo nuccasnry instructions Bond indopondont competent authorities roport on theso matters llollovo slnistor inAuonco referred to arises from Sunnors's undlsguiBcd dcaire leave Nonuantoa Bringing matter before IIouso particularly ompliaaiso reason , alleged for romoval dredgo whioh is grossly 'fnlao ' Call for Suuners's roport challonga statomcntB nnd move that competent men bo sent up Strain every nerve bring alLinflueneo nt com mnnd got her romoval dolayed for reports Falling promiso now deputation will probably lcavo horo.' It appears from that that tho people of Norman ton aro so impressed with the necessity of re taining tho' sorvices of tho dredge that they will , forward a deputation to Brisbane to enforce the request wliiph I now make to the head of the Government. It appears to mo that if Captain Sunners is so desirous to get South the easiest way would bo to givo him leavo of absence . instead of removing the wholo plant down South . for hia especial benefit. I behove it is a matter upon which a competent marine surveyor should decide. Tho Colonial Treasurer has informed me that she is not required in tho Brisbane River, and. the fact that tlio work has been so successful at Xonnanton that there is a depth of 7 feet G inches of water at low springs is sufficient guarantee that her labour is or great advantago. Then we must consider that tho Croydon and Etheridge railwaysare progre3sing,and it is of great importanco to the mining industry, and also to the grazing country to the west and north-west, to have an outlet. AU tliat trade is done through Normanton, and it ia only common justico that tho dredgo shonld bo allowed to remain there in order to keep the outlet npon, and assist a part of tho colony that needs much assistance. I do not think the Brisbane River requires any further dredging. Two dredges are now at work in it, and by the last report of the Engineer for Harbours and Rivers I find that up to tho 30th of June last about £103,000 has been exponded in working expenses alone for the two dredges. They have been able to keep tho river opon, and I do not think it fair to rob a distant part of the colony to still further improve this river, which is now open to navigation. I may state before I close that it has been said that trade is dwindling away from that port. Trade which should go there is no doubt going to Townsville, and for tho reason' that facilities have not been given hitherto for it to go in its natural channel. I consider that the Norman River is the natural channel for all tho great north-western country, as it is also for tho mining fields of Etheridge and Croydon, and if action like that to which I refer is taken it will still further, divert the trade from that port. I am therefore only doing my duty when I ask the Premier to delay .the romoval of the dredgo until a sufficient report has been obtained from a reliable and independent authority with regard to tho necessity of her removal, if it is necessary to remove her at all, which, from what the captain: told me, seems doubtful. Very large sums of money, havo been obtained from those districts for years past from Customs, and the amount should be nearly doubled, for wo know that Customs duties aro paid in Brisbauo on goods shipped to Normanton. Therefore the amount of Customs entries at the port of Nor manton does not really represent the true state of affairs in regard to tho revenue from that, source. A considerable quantity of goods which should go through the port to the westward are carried by land from Townsvillo because of the inconvenienced attending their shipment at Normanton, and this would be avoided if the cause wero removed and the port kept open; I do trust the Premier will give his attention to tliU matter and do his best . for 'the district I represent, ^consider that we have a claim on the dredge, and [that it ' should be kept there, as was promised originally. Thero is alfio a necessity for a few months' dredging in tlio Albert River, whoro useful and important work is required to: be dono. .The Albert llivcr is a port for .the export of 'wool/and facilities should bo given for, carrying on that trade, so. that it should not, from want of proper, conveniences, go from the Gulf to Adelaide. I beg to 'iiiovo tbo adjournment of tlio Hovise. Tho PREMIER (Hon. Sir Sv W. Griffith) said': Mr. Spealcer, — I am -sorry that my hon. collehgno,' the Colonial Treasurer, is not hero, because this, of course, is a matter in 'hia department, and ho knows all about it. I only happen to havo a. very casual know ledge of tho subject. My hon. friend ia!engaged this afternoon, as he has an important speech to deliver this evening, and ho dbes not propose to be hero this afternoon. All X' know, about the matter is this : I reoeived some' telegrams on the subject from either Croydon or Nornmnton — I think both, and I asked the Treasurer what his views on the subject wero. He informed me that ho had received a report from the Engineer for Harbours and Rivers— which would Bhortly Imprinted, and which would 'satisfy everybody when thoy saw it — that it was absolutely noces saryihat the dredge should como down to .Bris bane at onco for the purposo of .repairs. , I did not press inquiries any further. I was satisfied with that. If that is so she ought, of course, to coine down to TJrisbano to have her mauhincry made ollicient. I do not blame the hon. inomber for. bringing tho matter up, but I would ask him not to pursue it any further now, because there is no ono in tho House who can givo him any infor mation on tho subject. lam just reminded by ono of my colleagues that the information tho Treasurer had was that tho repairs could not bo elfectcd at Nonnantnn. I do not think there is any uso discussing tho matter now. '?? Mr. MTTLE said : Mr. Speaker,— I have somothingto say on a similar subject. It) is now two yoars and a-half ago sinco I, as member of the Assembly representing Woothakata and tho ? people of Port Douglas, made inquiries with respect to a dredge for Port* Douglas. They havo been promised a dredge for some time, undone very day aftor I arrived I interviewed the present Colonial Treasurer, Sir Thoma's'McIlwraithjthe thou head of (he National party,' ?mid lie tqlq'-ue that it was not then decided what department should liavo tho control of tho dredges. I have followed tho hon. gentleman for many years, and it is welllknown thatl havorecoived noaccommoda tion from him. I never was assisted in an election contest. I fought an honest and fair battlo by myself, in the interest of the hon. gentleman as leader of the party. Ho told me in tho library tho day after I arrived that it was not decided who should havo control of tho dredges. At that timo tho hon. member for Townsville, Mr. Macrossan, had gone North, and as I was coming South I passed him on the water. It was some time before I ascertained who had control of tho dredges, and I can assure tho House that I hunted very closely to got information on the matter. I had any amount of cor respondence ou the subject, as I knew tho importanco of this promise mado to the people of Port Douglas who hadalwnya sup ported the colleague of the Prcmior. The hon. gentleman told me that I must see the hon. mem ber for Townsville, Mr. Macrossan, and ho can positively confirm what I say. I saw that hon. gentleman after some months, and after many interviews he promised that a dredge should go to Port Douglas, and that promise can bo con firmed by tho leader of the Opposition. What was the result? Tho moment that I got that news I wired it to tho people whom I had the honour to represent. Mrnistors afterwards went North, and when the present leader of the Opposition wob at Cairns it was said tliat thoro was n- rumour afloat that tho dredgo was going to Oookto wn. Ho said ' No,' and I wired that information at once to my consti tuents. I told them what tho hou. gentloman said, and his promiso was the same as the ono I had received from tho hon. momber for Towns ville. I was perfectly satisfied with that reply, but immediately after our ' push' was knocked out what do I find? I wont to tho Treasury Buildings two or three times to see the Colonial Treasurer, but could not find the hon. gontle man, and, although I thought it wasscarcoly fair for mo to go to his . private office, I wont thoro, and tho hon. gentleman said that tho Minister had no right to promise a dredge, and that there was no money for it. I am not a cunning man, but on looking into the matter I find that thero is no monoy provided for any dredges, .but thero is money for Port Douglas. Thu work there was started about nine years ago. I interviewed Mr. Jardme, the Engineer for Harbours and Rivers; on the subject, and was shown a minute by the hon. mombor for Townsvillo. I showed it to tho hon. gentleman wliilo ho was sitting on tho Treasury benches as 'Minister for Mines and Works, and asked him whether that was his decision, and ho replied, ' Yes, thero is to be a dredgo for Port Douglas.' If over any portion of the. colony was robbed and deprived of its birthright it is tho people I have tho honour to represent, living at Port Douglas. Mr. ALAND : Is anyono living there ? Mr. LITTLE : The hon. member can go thore and find them. Upon my word I am surprised at the hon. member asking that question. Thoro is somebody living thero ; men who aro the pionoera of North Queensland, and who have contributed more to the rovenuo of the colony than any of the cadgers in Brisbane. I am Bpeaking now because I consider I have had a slap in the face froni tho Colonial Treasurer :: and it is ^very well known in. this House, and throughout the colony, that I am one of bin very oldest followers, and still admire his abilities. He has oripplod one of the most importarit^ttnvns in tho North. ' Hon. members may ? not be aware that in tho district I havo the honour to represent they havo Komo of the very host machinery in Queensland, and it was all carried over the range from Port Douglas. I seean hon. gontleman sitting opposite, the present Minister for Mines, and ho is an old friend of mino. ami he knows the district well and knows -the machinery thero. is there. Thoro are : thirteen crushing machines and four smelters thorc, and' they wore all carted from Port Douglas. I Bay the plnco has boon most unfairly treated by tho Colonial Treasurer, and tho hon, gentleman hits given mo a hit below the belt. Mr.' HOOLAN said: Mr. Speaker,— I can endorse every word tho hou. member for Gar ' pontaria has said on the subject of the proposed removal of tho dredgo from Normanton. It will be. a serious loss not only to tho inhabitants of Normanton and tho Gulf country, but to thoso of, Cfbydon, the Etheridgo, Cloncurry, and other places. Tho proposal to remove the dredge is most unjustifiable, whoever put it forward, and it would bo bettor to say at onco that the colony is too poor to afford to keop a dredgo thero than to givo as the oxeuso for. its removal that it is necessary to bring it down hore for repairs, as that really amounts to flaying what is untruo. I may inform the House that beforol came down' I made a marine survey of the vessel, and I found her in a perfectly sound condition. I only wish I could say tho same of tho finances of the colony. I could wish also that tho heads and ideas of members of the Legislative Assombly woro in a similarly sound condition. Thoro may bo a few barnacles u]jon the bottom of tho dredgo, but it is an injustice to the people of the North to removo tho dredgo down horo for repairs when there are plenty of skilled ttrtmins at Normanton quito capable of effecting any; necessary repairs. Tho port of Normanton has had vory littlo attention paid to it, and' this dredge is about tho only favour granted tb it since tho port was opened. Wo 6eo £1B,OOO or £10,000 for a bridgo ovor that duty little stream. Ross Creek, at Towusvillo j and it must bo romom-. bered that if tho dredge is removed from Nornian ton the money that has been spent there already will be wasted. I cntor my protest against all this dishonesty of purposo, as it appears to me, in ; bulsturing up one port at the expense of another., I say it will be most unfair to remove the dreil^o;. from Normanton, as is proposed, , t , . ; I Tho Hon. J. M. MACROSSAN /said.; Mr.:' Speaker, — I was vory much1 surprised to hear b tho projected. removal of tho dredgo from Nor mantoii and of the refusal to send tho dredgo to Port Douglas; but I havo boon still more surprised to hear tho statement mado by tho Premier.onthoauthority of tho Colonial Treasurer, with regard to tho condition of the dredge at tho Norman River. I understood the hon. gentleman to say that the Colonial Treasurer told him that) ho had : got a roport from tho Engineer of Harbours and Rivers to tho elfect tliat tho dredge must come down for repairs. Am I quoting tho hou. gentleman correctly ? : . t The. PREMIER: Yes. The Hon. J. M. MACROSSAN: Yes; that the dredgo must como down, for repairs. . Well, the very week I loft oflico I made it my business to become acquainted thoroughly with tho state of all the dredges. in tho colony, and the Engineer of Harbours and Rivers assured mo positively that tho dredgo at tho Norman bar, the 'Hydra, ' required only a foiv insignificant repairs, and that he intended to keop her thero until she had finished tho whole of the work of dredging the bar, and that . then she would be brought down not for repairs but in order that -he might undergo a complete overhaul. That is a very different stato of affairs. That is only about six weeks ago, and now wo are told that 6he has got into such a state that it is necessary to bring her down for repairs. Tho Premier abakos his head at that, ' The PREMIER: I have told you all I tncw. t Tho Hon. J. M. MAOROSSAN t I carmot be lieve that the Engineer for Harbonra and Rivera could have been so misinformed at tho time lio and I had the interview, as to makesuch a'stato inent as he did to me, and make such an entirely different statement since. I think; it will bo a great mistake to brlug tUatdrodge clown until she has finished her work. She was- sent up thero to dredge tho whole of tho bar in order to allow vessels of heavy draft to get insido-'tho river, as onco they got in they can gonp'the river to within twenty miles of Normanton. ' We are making the railway to Croydon, and propose to take it further, and the line must bo carried on' from Normanton to tho Red Bluff, twenty miles down tho river, to which point theriver Is navigable for largo vessels. I say. that, under the circumstances, it is' imperative that the work of dredging the bar should' bo dono, if we aro to derive any advantage tit all from the largo expenditure of money in tho 'dis- trict. Then look at the enormous distance tlio dredge will have to go if she is to be bronght down here and taken back. And when wotcon sider the danger, the delay, and the insurance it will involve, I say it is amost culpable act for tho Treasurer to remove that dredgo unless it is abso lutely required ;and I am informed that it is not. As to the dredgo at Fort Douglas, I cannot understand tho reason for tho action taken with respect, to it.,. The excuse. for tho.refusal of, the drodgo there appears to bo 'that there is. no money for it, : Is there any money , for the dredge at Cooktown or anywhere else? Tho dredg'i) ,, at Cairns was . promised , to. go to . Port Douglas mor.e than. once. !,'.' The 'Platypus' was promised to go to 'Port Douglas as Boon ds she luul xlono her work at Cairns. She was', promised to, go thoro to complete the work' loft incomplete years ago. Wo had a dredgo at Port Douglas eight or nine years' . ago, aud we spent some .£8,000, I think, in dredging tlio entrance, to the inlet ; but tho dredge used was too light or too small to do the, work completely, and the port has boon suffering over since. .An hou. member has asked whether there was anyone living at Port Douglas. There has been a, large population living there ever since that time!, and I maintain that if tho entrance to tho iulot . was ; drudged in such a way iis to allow the coasting 'steamers to go in,' thoro would be a larger popu lation there, because Port Douglas is the natural ?outlet of a largo ' district behind it of good ?agricultural aud pastoral land.. It is ;the .natural: outlet .also of tho i Mosman River, the Daintroo ? River, and in fact of all the rivers thero south of Capo Tribulation,.' I can assure hon. members that I received a re quest officially froni tho managor of thu A.U. S.N. Company to have tho drodging done .at Port Douglas, in order that their steamers might go there. At present their vessels havo to' be lightered ; and anyono who has been at Port Doug las must know tho injury that is dono to produco thero by being twice handled. Tho same necessity for dredging does not exist at Cooktown as at P, orfc Douglas, because coasting steamers can enter Gooktown without difficulty, and what is wanted there is a larger basin, the dredging of wllich will take years to accomplish. One reason given by tho Government for the romoval of the dredgo was that Port Douglas was too near to Cairns, and that it would destroy tho prospocts of Oau'ns as a harbour and lessen the value of the Coirns 'Herberton Railway. J rocoivell a letter from the town clerk of Port Douglas, informing'nio.that a tolegrain had been received from. the Govern ment stating that that was the reason. . : ?, The PREMIER: What Government? .( . The, Hon. J. M. MACROSSAN : Your Go vcriiment. ... ? ' The PREMIER : When ? ,''.' ' : ' ': ,, 'The Hon. J. M. MACROSSAN ? ,'I cannot . give tho date. 1 '?,'?-..'.'' ? ' : ' /The PREMIER:' Do you mean; some years ?ago?, ?;.:. „,. ., i ?....:. .,,'??. '...', ' ,;:. ? ..The Hon. J. M. MACROSSAN xA, few -days- ago. ? I received. , tho lotter lastjWook. Tiio . writor .said that was .tho. reason. given ,tp. tho Seople of .Port JJouglasifqr.tlie removal, qf/tho ronge, and I think it is ,'n yery'.unfair' reason. . And the reason given by tho'Ookinial. Treasurer as .repeated, by his colleague ia 'pqually. bind. I must proton, Mr. Speaker, against tho i'riter ieotions of t .tlio hon., mnmbercfpr Carabnoyn.'. I navprto raiso,my voice, to makd myself heard : ondjlfind, quito/eii^u'slr -difficulty., in speaking, i;Withcmtbo]iigaul)jeotodtf):iiitorruiJtk)ii8. | ,'.j ' iThofSPEAKKRsftid :I-mtil* Wnnost-tlidHbn; ^jnembe^n^^^ li I'M) U'.illl^t Hi, :,'lili i.'J /?Im!!.'):!.:. ,:' ,n'i''..| -',,'l'vi Is in possession of the House. Just now, .when the noise of the weather is so disturbing, it is espooially necessary that hon. members should be allowed to speak without interruption. The Hon. J. M. MACROSSAN : I know the requirements of the harbours of Cooktown and Port Douglas better than tho Colonial Treasurer, and I am quite certain that tho people in the North, and the people in the colony generally, would rather have tho harbour of Port Dougla3 dredged sufficiently to allow steamers to go thero, than havo the dredge sent to Cooktown to increase tho size of the basin there. 1 hen the . ...dredge could be gout to Cooktown as .soon as tho ? work was dono at Port Douglas. The PREMIER : It would take yoars to drodgo Port Douglas. The Hon. J. M. MACROSSAN : It is only a short distanco from tho outsido bar to the inlet ?inside. The work dono by tho 'Bremer' has Btood ever since, and the work yet to bo dono could be done by the ' Platypus ' in about three monthB. Then the ' Platypus ' could do the work required at Cooktown. The PREMIER : I am sure that is not the information the Treasurer has. The Hon. J. M. MACROSSAN : I am only repeating what passed between tho Engineer for Harbours and Rivtrs and myself. The informa tion I have given is purely official. Thore are no private relations between ub, and, I am certain that he told me what he belioved to be correct. If he has said anything else since I am very much surprised ; but I do not believe he has. I think the dredge should do the work required at Port Douglas before it is sent to Cooktown, and then it might be kept at Cooktown as long aa necessary. Mr. POWERS said: Mr. Speaker,— While we are on the subject of dredges, I should like to point out that I think they are sometimes removed unnecessarily. I hear that the dredge 'Maryborough' is coming to Brisbane to bo repaired almost immediately, although it was built in Maryborough. It was sent a short timo Bgo to dredge the Burnett bar, and it was under stood that it was either to be sent back to Mary borough or olso to Brisbapo for repairs ; but she has instead been dredging the Burnett River. At the present timo there are two dredges at work in the Burnett, while the Mary is entirely neglected ; and if the Premier inquires he will find that the navigation of the Mary River, as well as that of the Burnett, was seriously inter fered with by the floods. There is ono place at Sandy Island Strait and ono near Mary borough; and even the steamer 'Fitzroy,' during one tide in Sandy Island Strait, could only get to Dundathu before the tide turned, and had to stay there all night and go to Maryborough the next day. Of course if it is necessary to bring the dredge to Brisbane it will have to be done, but I hope it will bo seen that it is not done unless it is absolutely necessary, because there are two of the best foundries in the colony at Maryborough. If the dredge were allowed to do even three or four weeks' work atMaryborough sho could do good work there. She was built in Maryborough, and christened the ' Mary borough,' and the people of that town were given to understand that sho was built for the benefit of Maryborough, Gympie, and the sur rounding districts. Tho dredging of Sandy Island Strait is a national work, and I hope that if the necessary repairs can be done in Mary borough they will be done there, and that the dredge will be allowed to go on with her work at Maryborough. Mr. O'SULLIVAN said : Mr. Speaker,— In rising to say a word on this matter, I need not inform you that I havo no' axe to grind.' My constituents in Stanley want no dredge. But there seems something very unfair and very unmanly in the way in which tho hon. member ? for Carpentaria has been treated. He was told that this dredge would remain at Normanton until it had finished its work, and he conveyed that information to his constituents. What will his constituents say now? Has this change been made to get the hon. member's constituents to vote against him at the next general election? Really it is very unmanly. Can we wonder that the North are going in _ for separation when wo seo these petty little things brought to work ? Is it not nearly tho cost of a new dredge to bring tho present one from Normanton to Brisbane and tow her back again ? And tho authorities there say sho really wants nothing at all doing to. If the hon. member ' will take my advico he will put a notice on tho paper that, in the opinion of the House, the dredge ought not to be shifted. I do not think tho shifting of these dredges should be made the plaything of any Ministry that conies into office. The House should be consulted, and should know what has becomo of them. Let me toll tho Ministry that it is too I soon for them to begin this shifting and dodging —too soon altogether, seeing that they have only ? been a few days in office. If repairs are neces sary let them be done, but it would be far better and cheaper to send up an engineer to survey tho dredge and say wliothcr Bho requires to bo brought down to Brisbane or not. I havo no sympathy with the action of the Government in this matter, because I think tho hon. member for Carpentaria has been unfairly treated. If a promise is made by any Government, that pro mise should be kept, or else good reason should be shown why it should bo otherwise. Tho Chief Secretary has given no reason at all. Tho PREMIER : I gave all the reason I havo. The dredgea aro in the Colonial Treasurer's Do artment Mr. O'SULLIVAN : I think it would [bo 'too important a step to take to shift tho dredge on the more xpse dixit of a man who wants to como down to Brisbane for a few weeks, and if tho hon. . member for Carpentaria will table a substantivo motion that in tho opinion of tho House that dredge should not be removed, I promise him my voto if it should come to a division. The COLONIAL SECRETARY (Hon. H. Tozer) said : Mr. Speakor,— I am sure it i3 not the intention of the Government that the hon. member for Carpentaria should be badly treated in any way in this matter, I was one of the first who received a telegram on the subject. Having .Recently visited those parts I naturally mado ' inquiry as to the removal of the dredge from tho ' Norman River, and tho reason given me was that ? her removal was absolutely necessary for tho II purpose of giving her an ovorhaul. That is all tha information I have on tho subject, and I got : it from the Colonial Treasurer. Hon. lnembers who have had much to do with machinery will know that at any moment repairs may bo required in connection with dredges, and it is rather premature to discuss the question 'until . wo. are acquainted with tho facts. It is not . likely the Government would remove the dredgo ? from the Norman River unless on tho report of ?ome person qualified to give an opinion tlirtt l)« removal was absolutely ior tho purpose stated by the Premier. I have lately visited the Northern ports, and I differ in opinion from the hon. mem ber for Townsville, Mr. Macrossan, as to the probablo time it will tako to do tho work alt Port Douglas. Tho Hon. J. M. MAOROSSAN : That de pends on what you do. The COLONIAL SECRETARY : The hon. gentleman has not seen tho effect at Port Douglas of the weather and tho floods.; I was . thoro three or four months ago, and also afc Cooktown. At Cooktown I saw the. steamer 'Billii'nua'— a vessel trading between Sydney and Cooktown — on coining into, port, was laid across high .and dry in ' consequence of thero not boing room for her to turn, but I am satisfied that a very littlo dredgo work would anawei\there, at any rate for present requirements. I then looked at Port Douglas, and found that the place was then in' a very depressed, condition. The railway which is being made from Cairns to Herberton will naturally take a great part of the mineral traffio to CairnB which now come3 down to Port Douglas ; and the consequonco will be, I chink, that many persons, taking timo by tho forelock, willromovo from Port Douglas. I admit that there is at the back of Port Douglas a very rich agricultural district indeed, but it is not at present very largely populated, and I am satis fied that in time that harbour, like all the rest of the harbours in Queensjand, will require to be dredged ; but I do not think the present moment ia the time for commencing tho very expensive dredging that will be required at Port Douglas. I may state that on going across the bar in a little boat there was only two or threo inches of water under her at low tide. I also spoke with persons qualified to give a good opinion, and they stated that the work done many years ago might practically have been left undone so far as regards the present ability of eithor steamers or boats to go into Port Douglas. Although, as I said, it will bo necessary to do the work at somo time or other, it will be wise, at any rate, to see what possiblo effect upon the district the railway from Herberton to Cairns will have. There is no doubt tho population of Port Douglas has very much diminished. If you walk through the only street there, you will find a great many of the houses on both sides of it closed, and you would fancy thero had been a wholesale migration from that portion of the colony down to Cairns in conse quence of the railway. As far as I understand, the dredgo was promised to Port Douglas by the late Government after it had done its work at Cairns. What tho action of tho Government is to be in connection with that dredge is a matter I am not conversant with. All I know is that it ia not contemplated at present to incur the very large expense that will be necessary to make a harbour at Port Douglas, although there is no doubt that eventually that harbour must be made. With reference to the dredge at Nonnan ton, I understand that it is a pressing urgent necessity for tho removal of the dredge, in con? nection with her machinery, that has caused the Colonial Treasurer to direct her removal to Brisbane. Mr. DONALDSON said : Mr. Speaker,— I find somo difficulty in being able to form an opinion as to tho question now before the House, inasmuch as I am informed by the Chief Secre tary and by the Colonial Secretary that the dredge now at Normanton is not in a fit state to do the work, and must be brought down to Bris bane for an overhaul, which statement is directly at variance with the statement of the hon. member for Townsville, who only a few months ago administered that department, and was told, as tho result of a special inquiry, that the dredge was in good order ; and also with telegrams that have been read here this afternoon by tho hon, member for Carpentaria, which i support that contention that tho dredge was never in better order than it ib at the present time. I am sorry the Colonial Treasurer is not here to explain matters ; but without such explanation it certainly appears to me that the weight of tho evidence at present before us is decidedly in favour of retaining the dredgo at Normanton. With roga d to tho other dredge at Port Douglas, or rathor at Cairns, I think any Govern ment coming into office should have some respect for the promises made by thoir predecessors. With regard to the late Government, thero was never a promise made by their predecessors that was not faithfully carried out. In no case was a dredge taken away, or any promise left unfulfilled. In every case public works were carried out in good faith, so that, so far as the change of Government was concorned, there was no ohango whatever in tho programme in that respect. When I went up North a few months ago the people of Cairns were very anxious to get .a fow feet— about three feet — dredged,' n order that large ships visit ing tho i)ort should be able to get up, to ?the wharves. Before going North I had eon Biilted my colleague who was in charge of that department as [to the requirementa there, and more especially with regard to dredgos. Tho hon. member for Townsville, Mr. Macrossan, then informed mo that a promise had been made, that as soon as that cutting was completed !the dredge must go to Port Douglas ; that it would , take'only about threo weeks to do tho necessary work thero, and that she would then go to Cook town. If that programme had been carried out, according to tho information then before tho department, the dredgo should havo finished late in June or early : in July . at Cairns, and when the work required at Port Douglas was finished aho would have been avail able for Cooktown. Tho people of Cairns pressed me very strongly indeed to let the dredge remain there, but I said a distinct promise had been given by the Minister for Worm that the dredgo should go to Port Douglas as soon as the cutting was comploted ; and I think it very hnrd and unfair that tho present Government has hot carried out the promise then mado. They ought certainly to havo somo regard for promises of that kind. With regard to tho other ques tion, aa I said before, I havo a difficulty in being able to form an opinion, but the weight of evidence is at present decidodly against removing tho dredgo from Normanton. I trust that before any action is taken, further reports will ' bo obtained, because it will bo very costly to bring the drodgo down here from Normanton, Mr. WATSON said : Mr._ Speaker,— Accord- ing to what I havo heard, this dredge has been at Normanton for two years, and every member of this House muat know that af tor a utoamer or vessel of hor capacity has been in salt water for that period her bottom muBt be in a very pad condition, bo much so that oho will leave 'her bones there altogether if she is not brought down and has hor bottom cleaned. I do not belibvo tho Government has any ; object ; in , bringing her down here except to get hor cleaned, According to tho Navigation Act, all vessels. haVe to go into; docile evsry rfx months w .mti oloaned ; if theyMon't, tho probability' is that in less than twelve months some bf\tneir plates will bo eaten right through. I feel sure that if Mr. Jardine was asked as to the condition of the ' Hydra,' ho would say that aftor being up thoro for such a long period she required repairs. There is no dockor^Blip there whero her bottom could be cleaned, and that I beliove is tho reason why sho is not now in u fit state to do her work. If Bho is not brought down shortly, tho result will bo.tliat. sho; will leavp her . bones ,, thero 'altogether. .: . i - !?. i1' ?? ', , ' ?.', K .. ?? \ ': '.' 'i I ..Mr. MOREHEAD-Eaid: Mr.., .Speaker,— We. how appear to have a sort of assistant .Treasurer in the person of, ^hp hon. member for Fortitudo Valley, Mr. Watson. I'do not know whethor tho hon. member is aware of tho effect rats may have on the bottom of a ship. They may sink her at any time. Thoy may sink the ship of State, Sir, and I have no doubt tho hon. momber has assisted in an operation of that sort. I think the state ment made by the hon. member ? Tho Hon. P. PERKINS : He is absent. ;: Mr. MOREHEAD : I do not want to bo inter rupted by the hon. momber for Cambooya. Tho Hon. P. PERKINS : I will interrupt. Mr. MOREHEAD: Then I must ask tho Speaker to call you to order. The SPEAKER : Order 1 Mr. MOREHEAD : The hon.. gentleman is too fond of interrupting people, ana it is time he was called to order and put in his right place. Perhaps the hon. gentleman thought I was alluding to him. ' The Hon. P. PERKINS : Certainly not. Mr. MOREHEAD: I must# ask youy Mr. Speaker, to protect me from the interruptions of the hon. member, and to maintain the dignity of this House. Tho SPEAKER : Order 1 Mr. MOREHEAD: After, what has' fallen from the hon. member for Carpentaria, and from tho hon. member for Townsville, Mr. Macrossan, there can bo no doubt that the dredge is in a perfectly efficient state to do the work required. Either that or tho Engineer for Harbours and Rivers has made a gross mistake. I do not suppose for one moment any member disbelieves the statement made by the hon. member for Townsville, that when ho was in charge of the department only a fow weeks ago Mr. Jardino told him that tho vessel was in an efficient state for work. I do not suppose that assertion will be disputed by any member of this House, therefore it resolves itself into this : Eithor the vessel is in an efficient state and able, to work, or for Bome reason or other best known to tho Treasurer she is to be removed. Either that or misrepresentations have been made in one direction or the other by the Engineer for Harbours and Rivers. I; look ?upon it as a serious disaster to the Northern por tion of Queensland, and especially of that part of which Normanton is tho port, that the dredge should be removed from .there. Unless the vessel is really unseaworthy and unfit to work I think a great wrong and seriouB damage are being done to portions of the colony whose trade is connected with the port of Normanton. Mr. STEPHENS said: Mr. Speaker,— I think a good deal of time is being wasted in this discussion. Until the Treasurer is in his place and ia able to give us the report of the Engineer and full particulars, wo are only wasting time and talking in the dark. The reason why the hon. member for Balonne attacked the hon. member for Fortitude Valley I do not understand, except perhaps it is a little bit of jealousy because the hon. member for Fortitude Valley, Mr. Watson, did not engage a brasa : band and find that he had no use for it when tho election was over. There may be a good deal in that, Mr. Speaker. I think it shows a little jealousy. Or perhaps the hon. 'member for Balomio does not liko Bitting on the other side of tho House. I think his use of the term 'ratB' because members who formerly supported him do -not now vote with him was very unfair and very uncalled for. If he wants, to attack' somebody, lot him attack a Minister or somebody who is able to defend himself. With regard to the port of Normanton, I may state that from what I saw up there, it is a very neces sary place for a dredge. I also believe that the officer in charge of the dredgo is a very good officer, and if he says sho is not In a fit state to work, I would take far more notice of his opinion' than that of hon. members who are not engineorsj . and who certainly havo never spent any time on ' a dredge. ? ''? Mr. PALMER, in roply, said : Mr. Speaker,— Tho Chief Secretary has asked ub to lettfie mllltor reBt for tho present, but while tho matter is rest ing action will be taken elsewhere. ' The PREMIER: I said wait. until, the Troa-,. surer is hero. Ho will bo herp at 7 o'clock. Mr. P ALMER: I told tho Treasurer ' that I intended to bring the matter forward, and ho said that very likely ho would not bo inhisplaCoat tho time. The Chief Secretary said.' Wait for the report of the .Engineer for .Harbours and Riyqra and you will bo fully satisfied with the reasons given ;' but that officer gets his infor mation from' Captain Sunners, who I am in formed is very, anxious to get ; away South, and tho only way he can doeo is by Baying, tho dredge is unfit for work and requires to, be over- ' hauled. ' ? . . . . ' Tho PREMIER: Surely a man who dobs a thing like that knowB what the consequences will be. . . . ? . ? ? ? '??:??? Mr. PALMER: We know what the ^conse-, quonces should be, Mr. Speakor, but it is very Btrange that in six weeks such an extraordinary change should have taken place in 'tho condition' of this dredge, as has been explained by the hon* momber for Townsville, Mr. 'Macrossan.' ??' It would cost about £2,000 to nisuro tho voss'ol and bring her down to Brisbane, and it would coat the same to send her back, that is if it is over the intention of the Government to return hor. I have a very strong suspicion that the Borvices of thiB dredge aro intended for the Brisbane River, whero thore aro already sufficient drodgos, and it is not fair that a port which was ono of the . first opened in the colony should not have some assistance given to it, I request the Chief Socrotary to delay action until reports have boon obtained from a competent marine sur-, yeyor, because tho report of Captain Sunners is prejudiced. I state that on the authority of the people of Normanton. I have re ceived several telegrams to the effect that Captain Supners has expressed himself na 'in. tensely anxious to return South, na hi» family . aro in the South, and he has not boon South since . he .went to, .Normanton.,, In the interests of .tho Gulf country, which has not had much expended upon it out of loan money or from revenue, and ?^hlch has contturatgff&fge;!] $6 Uw revenue, I ask the Chief Secretary1 to delay action until there has been time .to'geC'ihllrefcjtfrts upon tho Biibject. I beg'to withdraw 'theTnotion. ADJOURNMENT OF THE HOUSE. The PREMIER said : Mr. Speaker,— Before tho Orders of tho Day aro called, I propose to move, 'That tho Houbo at itB rising adjourn until Tuesday next.' I believe that is tho wish of both. Bides-. Question put and passed. JUSTICES PREVENTION BILL. aDDn*tffiTO'farir-'of W-Barbemg^Feaa^iol: tho resumption of debate on Mr. Gannon's motion— 'That tho Bill bo now read, iaijec.qnA'tiine '— which stood adjourned (under Sessional 'Order of 25th Juno last) at 7 p'clpck p.m. on Thursday, ? the 3rd July last/' ' ? '?? —----?*— *~*-r Mr.- CALL AN said .J'j.'gr^ Speaker,— Somo time has elapsed since this BilFwas 'introduced into the House. TliB! hon. member who intro duced it did not mention any names, but tho Hon. Sir Samuel Griffith, Who Wai*1 th'pn{ leader of the Opposition, stated in his spoech'.-^Which immediately followed/ that although the hon. gentleman said ; the ' Bill was not personal Tie had mado it a personal, matter. Of course, wo all know it is a personal ' matter, directed against tho Chief Justice and his two sons. For mysolf, I do not know th'6 Chief Justice. I have never . spoken, to Him .except once when acting as a juror in Rockhampton. I do not know his sons any more than their father, and I am- not likely to' require their' services because I do not intendtogotolaw. I \ffent to law once about twenty years' ago over a matter of lfis., and it cost mo £17. That 'made me decide: that I would never, go ,to law. again if I could avoid it. I therefore stand in this matter freor than most members of this House in the remarks I have to make, and ariy thing I do say will be directed against the 'Bill'. ' This Bill is called the Justices .Prevention- -Bill, but I think.it should be called the Chief Justices' Sons Prevention Bill, because it is most ' decidedly directed against men who are knowrj— meji who are engaged in the pursuit of their professions in this colony. Therefore, I think \t is a ? measure which ought to claim the attention df members of this House_ strongly and decidedly, an&if; there is any truth in what wo have been told Ir\v6nld bo ono of the very first to try and put the; mlitter Btraight. At present I do not see'.thatthere is any grievance. The present 'Premier,^ in' his remarks upon the measure, alluded W things that had oc3urred in other colonies ????iri''di*ys'&one; past. He alluded to Bir Alfred - '? 'Stephen, and spoke of his sons as haying ' been placed at one time in the samo position as the1 'sons of the present Chief Justice of this colbny. Now, some five or Bix and twenty years i: ago I was in New South Wales, arid I; k'noto'the facts as stated by the Hon. the' Premie*'' are correct. I also knew of the case of ? another judge who had three sons, one a barrister;7 ono asolicitor, and one a doctor, all in practice in Sydney, and it wasurged then that he showed some favouritism to thorn. I know of other instancfeB of the same sort ; in fact I think it impossible for any man to retain ? offico on the ' bench about whom the same things would not be Said;1- if he had sonB practising before him. There1 U- the case of Mr. Justice Molesworth, of Victoria/'One of his sons is at present a judge in Victoria.;'' The Hon. P. PERKINS: He ia: no ornament to tho bench. . . ? ii, Mr. CALI/AN:1 The hon. gentleman -inter- rupts eVeryone who speaks in this House. :If he had the least spark of manhood in him' he wbuld give me somo chance. I am not a praotiised speaker, and if I am interrupted :I' (become nervous.' ? .'.,;- ..; ,:;..-;. The HON. P. PERKINS : I never said a word at all. .?..;.???. .-.T .. Mr. CALL AN :' You interrupt everybody-. The, SPEAKER : I ,must ask thehon!'in?wber for Cambpoya not to interrupt the hon. member jri possession of the Chair,, That.b0n.iinem.b9r is comparatively now to the House, T fun,d ,i,8,,not accustomed, to speaking, . ; ,,; ,,\\. . ,,, . The Hon. P. PERKINS: If the hon;' member goes to .Victoria for his facts 'I have aright to oorrect'him. - ? - ?'' ?! i'i' 1 . ThoSPEAKER: Thehon! member fdrKtiroy is in possession of thd'Chair., ' . ,' ' ' . '.._,, \ .1 Mr. CALLANrl think the hon.lmemboiwho introduced this Bill inodo a mibtakd 'astoitho number of countries in.which-asimiliir law tolthia is in force. ? The.only place' he coiild mention.was one of the. forty-three Statesof AnuSricd.:- -.?-.. j \- Mr. 6ANNp^;t;Thc^;^'BloypalV/j'|'Ii'.j.;-J'] j 'Mr.. CALLAN:: The hon^ member! .Baidiono out of. the forty-three States,, atfd I.caaWtate wjthout tho frtightest,hesitation%that:m nct'ufher civilised country is there such a Hv/L 1 1 , ! »i The Hon. 'P. PERStNS; Bpefe lduagfj'pWaM. . Mr. .CAL&AN; : Tuese interruptions fcraraiher hard upon pie. ... :, m,j ?..-. ,ij,'.i .i,, J;,.,.,,u../I ,The . SPEAKER k I.will point ont tb the hon. member who persists' ih mterruptihg that if ho continues t6 do so, in 's)f-ite'of boiijg; culldfl to order, I shall present hia riamoto tho i^ous%, : .The Hon. P.PERKINS: I' want him' to:B'p-ak up bo that I can hear him. '? ' ?. .i .11 .*? ii _ The SPEAKER: If the hon,' mernber persists in interrupting, nnd especially u;he interrupt; me ?when! speak, I shall at once prespnt hia nanje to 'theHpuse. , ....,., ,.?:,,?',.. ,1,. '......,, Mr. ' OALL'AN : ; I ' was Baying' that ' in ' 16ok ing for reasons why this. Bill should bo made law, tho hon. member' coiild ' Only Jriontion one ' State out of (jhe forty- threo in 1 America. In no European 'State''1 is it law, although I cannot cay Whethor '' if 'fiS in Russia or not. Does ' tho h'on: ?mfembbr' 'wish Queensland to be1 in the 'vanguard?1 ''Does' ho wish' it to be thought that the people ofQueenB havo '. no confidence in'thoir judges 'so'lorig as thoir sons1 are practising as lawyeri-?'.;-I'd'p'not thiAk that'ia h, position wo 'Should tiike'.ujy'at'all. I look upon it as an insult to the country1 that any Buch: Bill -should bd 'brought' before' 'the House. It had been said that- tho ritins'offthe Chief Justice had honefited by the position of their, father. He did not know, if it wototruo ; but if so, the correction is in tha htodii'of 'the Bolicitors.'who'dan do as tliby, chp;6se' THbj'can givo their Urjofs, to '.whoin'they '.ch'qo&v; jiftd if thoy do not ohooso to, employ these mennwhy should thoy do. so ? , ? - .',, ,',,„, Mr. GANNON; Thoy havo,ijot,t»luct,ph.g!igh Mr. CALLAN:To bring itv a Bill like 'this and deprive the sons .of the Chief ' Witice7-f,'two- tt-!^lpithe,irbWsioeBs:isaUflwd,1.;^^pie, .Baidthat^edidflotwiah.to occupy .the, position of a judge, and he did not care at present for any thing of thnt sort j but Buppoujng that in anotlj^r ten years ho should change his. mincj. Well, ho has sHHb growing iiivniid possibly ono of his Juris ? maygototho baft' So1 that, under this' Bill; if tlio hem1. Jgfintlv'mart' became n judgo in another ten yttare W'cOiild1 deprive 'his son of- lmlf his practice That is an aspect --£ the matter that must- Btriko -ever/ member of this House A prominent lawyer would Ray, 'If I accept a position; on the bench, I may lesson my son's practice1 l-y, over bo much.' I could make a long spebch upon this subject if I had timo ? to say all I havo to say ; but I do ' not \vant .to.tako up too much time. The hon. gentleman who introduced thitiBill has had the assistance of ' all the legal fraternity in Bris bane,- and all ho could find out was that in ono of the forty-three States of America there is a similar' law. Is (JueenBland to follow that example? I. have lived in the United States, and have had a sickening of the way they carry out their laws thore. Threo-quartors of all tha men there aro always armed, and they do not care twoponce for the laws. I saw things done there every day, which, if thoy were dono in Queensland; Would ho known all over the colony by telegraph in ten minutes. I saw a notice in the San JFiancizcn- Chronicle that the'drivor of a train had passedthedeadbodyofamanhangingtoateJegraph pole. He stopped the train, and.allhq could find out was the,notice on the body, ' This is .the way we treat horse-stealers.' Supposing that occurred between. horoand.Tonterfield, what would be the action of this House? And yet that is the place tho hpn. gentleman wishes ua to accept as an ex ample. If nobody else will divide tho House upon tho matter when tho debate is finished I will do so, and have tho opinion of hon. mem bers as to whether they are going to follow tho examples of American or English institutions. Mr.BA-RLOW said : Mr. Speaker,— As I have mentioned to the mover of this Bill my intention to vote, for it, I should be wanting in the courage of my convictions if I did not speak in support of .it. I feel that it is not the slightest use our plastering any unction upon our souls, and saying this BUI has not excited public atten tion. , . I am in a position to know that it has excited a great deal of public attention, and that thn hnn. member who introduced it has obtained a great deal of credit for the courage with which he undertook the matter. I know that nothing is gained in this House by personalities, and that nothing/is gained by mentioning names ; and in the remarks 1 shall address to the House I shall avoid either of these defects. Now, I ask hon. gentlemen to look at the administration of justice in this colony. Thore are four families coneorned in the administration of justico in various capaci ties who., are' entirely and completely inter laced with each other. I could take a chain, and draw it from one' gentleman on the bench, through both branches of the profession, and I could link it back again to the bench. I leave hon. gentlemen who understand the matter and who ara acquainted with the gonealogies of the judicature of this colony to follow the arguments I use. If there is any thing in the world that is a curse to a 'country it is where either the priesthood or the judicature becomes; a, caste— becomes tho inheritance of a few families. If hon. jnembera will refer to that brilliant passage in Guizot's 'History of Civilisa tion/'inwhichhedealswiththeeffectofthoChurch in the middle ages, they will find that he says that the reason why the Church had the confidence of the people, and why it had such a wonderful effect iri tho amelioration of their condition, was that .the Church could never, by reason of the celibacy of the clergy, become a caste. Now, as far as I can judge, the legal profession of this colony is fast becoming a caste, and tho inherit ance of a few families. It is quite as possible to be lawyer-ridden as to be priest- riddon. I havo given in my adherence to this Bill, and I shall vote for it if I stand alone with tho hon. member for Toombul. Objection has been made that lawyers with sons practising at the bar will be unable to accept the office of judge ; but I have yet to learn that tho people are made for the judges and for the lawyers. I was always tinder the impression that tho reverse was the case, and the further this principle is carried tho better. Tho further we can divorce the law from this family connection the better. I do hot think there is a closer trades union in tho world than tho trades union of the legal pro fession, Tho trades union of tho legal profession does not certainly stand at the gate of the Supremo Court. It does not hustle and boycott and abuse those who attempt to enter ; but it does what is worso — bysystematicnoglectitbreaksthoirhoartH. I could mention sevoral cases in which, through no fault of their own, men have been practically broken-hearted by the opposition they have mot with. Now, this Bill will, I believo, he a measuro of justice. The only amendment I would sug gest to the hon. member for Toombul would he simply this — that ho should allow a judge to sit in full court. I beliove that, the Bill prohibits him from sitting as a part of the full court. Of course some judges sit alono as a full court and review their own decisions i but whero a judge is sitting with anothor judge or judges, I think no advantage would bo gained. Thero in no occasion for mo to take up time or to talk tho Bill out. I havo honestly given expression to my conviction that the people of this colony view the measure with a very considerable amount of favour, and, considering it a step in ?-.he rigjit direction, I shall give it my support. Mr. MURPHY said: Mr. Speaker,— My Intention is to vote against this Bill, and I do so because I think it is directly aimed at a judge of this colony. I think the Bill would bo very much more correctly described as 'The Chief Justice's Iinpeaohmont Bill;' and for that reason i it is my intention to vote agaiimt it. The fact that this Bill has been brought in, constitutes a grave chargo against the bonch : of this colony — a charge which I do not think any member of this Houso, or any raombor of tho community, cau in any way substantiate. No charge has been made, except by ono member of this Houso, against the person i against whom thin Bill bus been framed. Mr. MORGAN': What person? Mr. ?M.tf.RPHY: I nm not going to mention nny liiunesi'but of coin-so it is well known to lion, gentlemen who iti tho gentleman who made that charge ' Mr. MORGAN : T want to know whom tho cliargOi'wlw Wade against. ; , ?»...- i . 1 1 ? Mr. 'MURPHY: lean read between tho lines,' nnd that speech of tho hon. gentleman shows well whom' his charge' roforred to. Thto hon. gentleman Htated that he was conedrnbil iii the action himself, 'and that he was tho'individual who suifonxV aud that! 'the ci\so where tufa mfs-' carriage of jiihtioo, which ho asserts occurred,1 occurred 'in ?'Bnshaho.' Well, I took tha trouhlo to limit up that casein the records bf thc'Supremo Court'1.''' ' '| '. '' ? ' ' ? ' '' ' Mr^{JAN$pN .;. ,Ifc,was h^edput; 'for you. ' old; I''' ,Jim 'l-'i-n..-- T.-.-.if v'ull-'iiv.'i -??.ill Mr. MURPHY: It was not hunted out for me. I took the trouble to hunt that caso up, and I found tho case was ' Kingsford v. Morgan anil Others,' tho plaintiff being one Alice. K. S. KingBford, and tho defendants ArLhur Morgan, William Collins, trustees and executors of A. McGuinness, deceased, and tho Itov. It. l'VaXer. Now, this charge tho hon. member for Warwick mado ? . Mr. MORGAN: Against whom? I want you to define against whom I made the charge. Mr. MURPHY: Tho charge that the hon. member for Warwick made was that a mis carriage of justice had occurred in this case, be cause tho judge on the bench and tho attorney and tho barrister wore in collision. Mr. MORGAN : No ; I did not say that. Mr. MURPHY : The hon. gentleman made a definite and distinct charge. Mr. MORGAN : I did not etate anything of tho kind. Mr. MURPHY': Well if I were allowed to quote from Saiisard, I could quote the hon. gentleman's very words ; but as it would be con trary to the rules of tho Houso to read his oxact words from Hansard, I am unablo to do so. Tho hon. gentleman made a distinct charge of a mis carriage of justice through theso three persons being in conjunction. Well I have gone care fully into this caso ; I have read tho pleadings, and I have read the settlement that was agreed to. Tho defendants were advised by thoir solici tors to settle the case out of court, and to come to some friendly arrangement, and that arrange ment was come to. The hon. member for Warwick asserted that his lawyers gave him that advico becauso they said he could not face that conjunction — tho trinity of tho judge and his two sons. Now, that ia a distinct charge. I havo read through the case, and I think the hon. member's counsel gave the defendants the vory best advico that could bo given them. It was » case that would not bear going into court — a caso that upou tho faco of it Bhows at once that the advice given was tho correct advice to give, and that thoy were wise in acting upon it. It was a caso that it was far better for the defendants should never come into court— one which, in my opinion, would not stand tho light of day. This is the only distinct charge which has been formulatod against tho Chief Justioe and his sons. No other charge of miscarriage of justice has been made, and my objection to the Bill is that it is ovidontly aimed at one particular person in the community — that it is aimed at the Chief Justice. If it gotu on to our statute book it will be a disgrace to this Parliament, and I hope the Houso will reject it. Mr. MORGAN said : Mr. Speakor,— I had hoped that I should not have to'say anything on tho subject matter of the speech of the hon. mom1 ber for Barcoo until the Mill was in committee. I had understood that tho professional gentle mon who considered their namo and f amo aspersed by some remarks I made on this question in tho debateori the Address in Reply had briefed certain members of this House for the purpose of show ing that the statements I made on that occasion were wrong. Tho hon. member for Barcoo seems to havo been one of tho members so briefed. I will do him the credit to say that he told me he was going to challenge the state ments which I made on that occasion. When he did so, I replied that I should be very glad to make answer to any arguments be might bring forward in refutation of those statements. Tho hon, member for Mackay, Mr. Dalrymple, who is not in his place, also informed mo that he intended to read a statement by the barris ters referred to by myself. I may say that after I delivered that speech on tho Address in Reply I was waited upon by a member of tho firm of Rolicitors ongaged in the case, and sub sequently by a member of tho bar. It was quito evident that a little commotion was caused in that legal circle. I do not know what the com motion was, or what was the reason of the commotion. I do not know whether those gentlemen were afraid they would lose any busi ness, or lose any clients or cases, but that does not matter. I was first invited to say that I had been misreported. I at once declined to do so. I was correctly reported in tho official record of this House, that is Hansard. The Courier report was also substantially correct, though there tho word ' solicitors ' was used instead of ' counsel.' I said then that I had not this advico from the solicitors but from counsol, as has beon stated this afternoon by the hon. member for Barcoo. The solicitors engaged by tho defen dants on that occasion were a leading Brisbane firm, and from first to lost they were consistent in advising us to tako tho case into court, as wo must inevitably win. And now tho hon. member for Barcoo, a layman who probably does not know very much more about law than the average laymon, comes here and tells the House that the caso was no caso to tako into court.. The hon. member says he has looked up tho records. They were very few in this caBO, aB it nover got into court, and they give no idea of the law upon which the settlement was effected. Tho hon. member has evidently beon briof ed by the barristers, who considor thomsolvos iu a rather awkward position. Mr. MURPHY: No. Mr. MORGAN : I know that those barristers havo been going about the city, in legal circles at any rate, stating that I misstated the facts in regard to this case. Mr. O'SULLIVAN: So yon did. Mr. MORGAN: I did not; and I defy the hon. member for Stanley;to prove that I did. Mr. O'SULLIVAN : I will prove it directly.' Mr. MORGAN : I can quite understand the hon. gentleman's interest in this matter. It is the same old family intorcst. Mr. O'SULLIVAN : Yos, in Warwick. Mr. MORGAN : I am now going to speak :i little iu detail upon this subject, which I had no desire to do. I can, I think, in tho space of tive minutes prove all I have said, in defiance of tho hpn. member for Stanley and tho hnn.. member for Barcoo, and I want also to say something on this Bill. Mr. O'SULLIVAN: Mind yourowncharacter. Mr. MORGAN : Thu huu. inumber is getting excited. , , Mr. O'SULLIVAN : Why did you say in defiance oEino? : Mr! .MORGAN; I propose; Mr. Speukor, to show that what I said on this subject during tho dobato oh_tho Address in Koply wus correct in every particular. , j ' ?' ,,;Mr.'6'SULWVANV:It'waa false. ... ' .'. . Mr. MORGAN : Mr. Speaker, -^ The hon. member for Stanley' iu sitting at the 'table,1 and when I niako an assertion ; ho ? tolls ? tne I-aiS .!„.. i in :.'.?;/ vilJ i: ?..':ji.l^l-:..!tit.i'im vl ,i:;m .. making a false statement. I am not quite certain whether that language ia parliamentary. .. Tho SPEAKER : I did not hoar the remark. .-Mr. MORGAN: The hon. member said that, and other hon. members heard him. The SPEAKER B:iid : I ho])C tho hon. mem ber for Stanley will allow tho hon. member for Warwick to continuo his sjicech without inter ruption. The hon. member will have an oppor tunity afterwards of speaking. Mr. MORGAN : This caso was one in which tho Rev. Robert leaser, and Mr. William Collins, and myself were charged as executors and trustees of one Allan McGuinness with moral fraud, and we were also asked to defend a will made by the said Allan McGuinneas. Wo were in this position that as executors we really had to defond tho will. Wo went to court, entered a dofenco to certain allegations net up by the plaintiff, and engaged a firm of solicitors and a senior barrister. The evidence was looked up by tho solicitors and referred to the senior barrister forhis opinion. In due course we received what was called advice on the evidonco, and the substance of that advice was that we were to strengthen ourselves to answer the charge of moral fraud. As to the law on thejqnestion not a word was said. Wo were advised by our solicitors that on tho law our position was sound, but tho barrister said nothing on the subject. Tho case was named for hearing on a cortnin day, and all the witnesses came down to Brisbane. At the last moment wo were tmmmoned to what was called a conference with counsel. The three defendants were there, tho solicitor, the senior barrister, and then for the first timo wo saw a junior counsel who had been engaged, I was told, according to the practice of the profession without consulting tho people who had to pay for bis services. That mado six persons present. At that conference tho junior barrister raised tho point as to whether the interpretation of tho law bearing upon the case was not doubtful — not a word of doubt as to the law on the point ever having previously been said to the defen dants. The caso was discussed by the solicitor, tho sonior barrister, and the junior barrister for Borne time, and I unhesitatingly affirm that the substance of the advice we got was that tho law, in the opinion of tho sonior barrister, should be with ub. We were told that we had a combination against ub. It was not the words ' tho three Smiths' that were used, but it was oither 'the Trinity' or '(the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost,' and we had better go and settlo. I am not going to havo a charge made against mo of telling untruths. It is unpleasant to mo to have to toll these things, but I am going to toll them to clear myRelf. We wero told, as I say, that in the opinion of the senior counsel the law was with us, but that wo muBt remember that we had the combination against us, and the result was that we were advised to Bottle. That was after we had plunged nearly jKOO into law on the Bubject — after the barristers had not their briefs and they had been marked with fat fees. That is the advice we got. We wero in this position — that we had to take our counsel's advice and settle, or go on on the advice of our solicitors in defiance of tho advice of counsel, and if we had lost no doubt counsel would have said : ' Serve you right. You would not take our advice.' We had to settle. After my speech in this House on the Address in Reply tho solicitorengaged cameto me, and subsequently tho barristors came to me, and I was asked to lot it be said that my speech was misreported. I declined, and subsequently tho barristers came to me and wanted to convincome that I had not understood, or that I had misunderstood, what took placo. I said : ' Gentlemen, I havo not done anything of tho kind. I was perfectly sober that day, and I have been perfectly sober over since.' I said to ono of them, ' You aro the gentleman who used those words.' They said to me, 'Have you any objection to our publishing our ver sion?' I said, 'I havo no objection what ever, but I do not know why you ask me.' They then said, 'Do you mind our getting some member of the House to get up and state our version of tho case.' I said, 'Cer- tainly not, I will do that for you myself if you wish it, but I shall follow it with my version. I have stated my recollection of the interview, and as to whether you think it right for me to havo alluded to i t or no t, Unit ia a matter of opinion, and I hold that having paid you for your advice it is ours.' The result was that it was agreed that on the first favourable opportunity I should get up and state thoir version of what took placo as fully and faithfully as I could. I was quite prepared to do that, as I thought it was only duo to tho barristers that I should do so ; but a day or two subsequently I was informed that they had prepared a writton Btatemcnt, and had handed it to a private member of this House, who had consented to road it to the House. Under the circumstances I thought thoy were taking a course of action which was not quite fair to me, as I had under taken to state their case fairly and fully to tho House, and to reply to it with my own. I did not seo why they should have gone outside me to brief another hon. member. That hon. member came to nio and said, ' I havo this to read, and I will show it to you if you like.' He did show it to me, and then asked me if I would take charge of it. I said, 'No, they did not ask mo to do' it, but I would have dono so cheerfully if thoy had asked me. I would have no objection to read it to tho Houso, but I won't take it from you at second hand. All I oak you is not to read it in my absence, so that I may havo an opportunity of refuting it.' That gentleman was the hon. member for Mackay, Mr. Dalrymple, who is not now in his place, but I will state now exactly what I under took to state for tho barristers. I shall state thoir case as nearly as I can recollect, though as it was mixed up with legal phraseology I may trip. The barristers contend that the advico given us at that conference was in substance this : ' Wo belii:vo that tho law is against you.' That in tho advice they say thoy tendered to us. Thoy deny that thore was any allusion to tho Smiths, tho Trinity, or Iho Father, .Son, and Holy Glio.it. That is the version of tho law, in which they aro all agreed. The solicitor who callud upon me subsequently came with tho barristers, and ho told mo that ho agreed that we were advised to settle upon the law ; but to me previously tho solicitor had admitted that ono i-f thaso barristers, the senior barrister, had mado distinct allusion to thu Trinity, the Smiths, or the Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. Out of the six peoplo present at tho conference of counsel lean prove, on tho admission of four, that allusion was made to the Smiths, or the Trinity, or whatever you chonsn to call thorn, and Iwoiitdlikoto knowwhyit wususcdif it was not used as an argument to induce us tosettlo., I contend that it whs used to induce us to settle. Now, ns to my version of what took place. I sr.y' distinctly that tho substance of tho ndvlcowogot was to sottio becauso wo hod tho Triuity ' against us, but! am not; 'going to rely upon iny own statement. One of the gentlemen who was asso ciated with mo m tlmtdefence was a clergyman, the Rev. Robert Eraser. Ho is now out of tho colony, hut when I heard that these gontlemen wero denying tho truth of what 1 said, I wrote to tho Ruv. Robert Eraser, who wan 'i Now Zealand, telling him that tho speech which 1 made on that occasion hud beon impugned by those gentlemen. I forwarded to him copies of tho Courier and Hanmrd, in which the speech was reported, asking him to write for me his recollection of what transpired at that interview, and to remember that I would probably require to mako use of it in a public place. His reply is here : — ' Tlio SInnao, navelock, Napior, ?' Now Zealand, 31st July, 1890. ' DKAn Mil IToiuun, '1 am favoured with yourlettorof tho 8th July. I kavo also received tho copies scut me of Hansard and tho BHsb'ne Courier, loth of 3rd July, nnd now hasten to reply. Like jrouraolf , I havo good cause to romombor what transpired nt tho 'conforonco with counsel,' to which you alludo in your speech on tho Address in Reply, and I can most positively nmrm thnt your state mont of what took plncontsald ? conforenco' is strictly nccumto and absolutely correct. Counsol nover advised us to settle tlio caso out of court, be causo they considered tho law was against us. On tho contrary, solicitors nnd counsel wero decidedly of opinion thnt tho law was on our side, and thnt a decision, accordlns; to tho merits of tho case, should bo in our fuvonr. But owins to some nmbiguity In a certain clnusc of tho Queensland Act, nnd tho family influence arrayed against us on tho bench and nt tho bar, counsel wero doubtful of tho issue, unless wo n-oro prcpnrort to enrry tho caso homo to tho Privy Council, should that bo necessary. This was the ground upon which wo woro ndvised to settle tho onso out of court. Very reluctantly wo agreed to act upon this advico, feeling that, under tho circumstances, it would to sheer folly to go on with the enso. ' Thoso are my recollections of what took plnco at tho ' conference with counsol,' and tho impressions thon produced wero too dcop and painful to do soon for gotten. ' You nro at liberty to uso this in any way you ploaso. 'Yours very sincerely, ' ItOJlEKT JbASBH.' That is one of the defendants ; ho is a Presby terian clergyman, well and favourably known all over the Southern part of Queensland, and any one who knows him will know that he would not tell nn untruth. I havo consulted another gentleman who was present at that ' conference with counsel ' ; he was also a defondant, and ho writes to me as follows : — ' Warwick, July 11th, 1800. 'Dkaii Morgan, 'Your letter of tho flth reached me yesterday. I read your speech on tho Address in Boply, as reported in Uamanl. lly recollection of tho interview with our solicitor and counsel, to which you referred, is sub stantially in accord with j-our own. Tho allusion to tlio Smith family was much plainor than you put it, and I think we all understood it. My impression was that but for tho nllianco against us tho caso would have gono to trial, and I believo, from what I have oinco heard, that wo would havo won. ' With kind regards, 'Yours truly, 'William Collins.' Thoso are two of the defendants in tho case with myself. I havo stated that the solicitor has admitted to me the allusion to tho Smith family, so that I havo four out of tho six who wero present at the ' conference with counsel' who admitted that that allusion was made. I ask why, if it was not considered a factor to induce us to take a certain course, the Smith family was mentioned at all? Thero can bo no doubt, from the evidonce I have produced, that that advico was given to us ; and I repeat that it was given to us. I think that upon that point I need say no more now. I can say more if the necessity should arise, and shall bo prepared to do so. I think, however, that the lion, member for Barcon will admit that, even on tho law of the case, there is room for doubt, notwithstanding his decided opinion that the defendants had not a leg to stand upon. Some of the best lawyers in Brisoano advised us from first to last that we had an excellent caso and ought to have won it. Mr. MURPHY : They often say that. Mr. MORGAN: Some lawyers do. With regard to this Bill, I hope the hon. member for Toombul will persist in his efforts, and that it will be carried. I think anybody who knows the feeling abroad in this country will agreo with me that tho state of things existing here is regarded very much in the light of a scandal. I know that a very largo section of tho legal community, at any rate, regard it in that light ; but I fear that we shall hear very little from them on what they really boliovo on this question. I know thore is a state of terrorism in the ranks of tho legal profession in Brisbane — abject fear in thu caso of some of them. But it is not in tho interests of the legal profession that this Bill has been introduced ; it is in tho interests of tho people whohavo occasionally to go to law against thoir will. I heard in Brisbanethoother day, quite accidentally, and I know my informa tion is reliable, of a case which was instituted in the Supreme Court, the plaintiff being a resident of Townsville. Hecommonced proceedings against a Brisbane firm of merchants. Tho Brisbane firm of merchants did not want to go to all tho expense of a long Supreme Court action, inoro especiallj' as they believed the man against them was a man of straw, and they sent their head man to Townsville with the object of settling tho case out of court. When ho got to Townsvillo and consulted the plaintiff as to the terms of settlement he made an offer — amounting we will say to £200— and he was met with this response: ' .£200 ! Why, you! know, I havo young Smith, the solicitor, and Smith No. 2 as barrister. .£200 ! I want a great deal more than £200 to settle the case.' Tho man evidently considered that the fact that ho had the two Smiths as his advocates entitled him to a great deal moro than he would havo been likely to get under other circum stances. This is only one of the cases I could mention. Whatever may bo the fact, thero is a feeling abroad that there ia room for reformation here, and I ontiroly agree with that feeling. I think sincerely that an alteration in the law is absolutely necessary, aud I hope the hon. mem ber for Toombul will carry his Bill. I had hoped that a return moved for a great many weeks ago relative to Supremo Court actions tried in jjrisbano would have been laid on tho tabli! before T spoko on this question, because it would have thrown a very consicltirablo light on the subject. I do not know whether laymen, as a rule, are aware thnt any person commencing u Supremo Court action has the right to say before which judgo his c:is6 shall op heard. N''», if a f-uitm- lnul no right to say which judge si oulltry his aixe there would be wry much less room for complaint against the existing statu of things than thero is. But that jHtwer, being iu thu hands of the plaintiff is very often used, I am inclined to think, to the injury of tho defendant. In the Judicature x\ot it is provided in Order 5, No. 1. that—' 1 'Subject to tlio power of transfer, every person by whom any miusn nr mutter may ho commenced shall iihsIkii such nuiso or matter to one of Hie Judges by . limikinK the writ or other original procuocliug with the nuuio of such Judge aud giving nutioo to iito ludgo's ? 4U3ociato.'- ??'?'?} r ? .,?.-... :--i ..,,., ii,i,i.-,|||.-c- -ll' li. -(id TiivniV So that 'the plaintiff' practically has the choice1 of ? tho juUgo who 'shivllf hoar' Ihis case. -d do'niiti Ttnow who ther I' tan of - a! lower ? mtiral - ordor. than i ? most 'men;- but II 'do not hesitate to say; to the ? House that if1 1, were to bring a suit lagainsti.fhq - leader of tho Opppsition--npt after this speech this' evening) Sit— X' should 'instruct my solicitor first to employ ? young Jdnes, noxt to secure tho' services of Jones tho -counsel, and then have tho caso set down fo be heard by tho other .Tones. And thero aro agroatmanymen in tho world -who would follow' ?A'siinilai eourso of action. It has-been done, and lam sure that if the return to which I have referred had been before tho House the proportion of cases in which a certain firm of solicitors and a certain barrister were employed would be seen to bo out of all proportion to tie total; out of all proportion to tiio experience those young men possess, out of all propor tion to their ability. And being out of propor tion in those two esaontialn, what other causa is there that would explain tho fact of their appoaranco jn suclJ a largo number of cases ? The House must look to its own common sense to decide.. I think the fact that the plaintiff has under the Judicature Act the right to name the judge beforo whom his case shall be tried, and tho fuct that in tha cases tried in the Supreme Court in Brisbane the names of a certain barrister and a certain firm of solicitors appear in so large a number of cases — I »ay theso facts bear a very sinister aspect, and furnish tho strongest evidence in support of the opinion that such a measure as that introduced by the hon, member for Toombul is absolutely necessary. I believe that if we could get a vote of the legal profession we would carry it almost unanimously. ? As I said before, howevor, we do not look on this as a measure to redruss the wrongs of the legal profession but as a measure to redress the wrongs of tho, people who go to law of their own accord, or rather, thoso who aro compelled to ? go to law against their wills, because a plaintiff having the first choice has little to complain, about. In speaking on the second, reading of tho Bill, tho hon. the leader of the Opposition— the prosent Premier— said ho thought it would be admitted that, in the case of tho individuals to whom it was supposed this Bill referred particularly', there was no bias— at any rate, he was certain that there, was no conscious bias in any case upon which Hint judge was calledupnn to adjudicate. I agree with him that there probably is no conscious bias. But there is such a thing as unconscious bias; and there is such a thing as human nature; and there is also blood, which runs thicker than water. I think 'it is highly undesirable that theso in fluences— and .thero aro influences such as I have described— should be arrayed against any unfor tunate wightiwho has the misfortune to bo the defendant instead of the plaintiff in a suit. The Premier also said that it would deprive young men who had been brought up to the legal profession of the fight to appear in courts— deprive thorn of the nioiins of livelihood, Ithink ho said— if this Bill were passed! Some hon. members who havo sinco Bpoken on the subject have suggested that- the country 'may possibly require tho services in a high' judicial capacity of a man in this House whom :we all esteem, who, wonld, I think', bo an ornament to any bench. If that gentleman chooses to bring, his son or sons up to the legal profession they will lie for ever shut out from a judicial career mthis colony if fchis'.Bill becomes law. I feel, for myself — much as I respect him to whom allusion has been made, and . much as wo must all admire his ? undoubted ability; and what n,;-judg'e,'as I think, we all'admit; he would make— that we had better ' do without his 'services as a judge if. we cannot have him.without his boys, or if, in order to'havo him, ' we 'must have his sons also. I believe thero is au unconscious bias between father and son that works to the prejudice of one side in any legal case in which that influence may be laid, which, in my opinion, is a serious and a crying evil, and whioh this Bill, if passed, will removo. Therefore I think we ought to pass it. Wo do not frame our laws here— at least I hope not — in the interests of individuals. Our object in to oonsult the rights of the people, and if wo find that any. existing law' is unfair to the people as a whole wo ought to alter that law, even though in altering it we dp some injustice to the individual. It is an axiom of justice that when tho interests of tho individual clash with tho interests of the State the former must go to the wall. I have no personal fooling in what I have eaid on thin question. I hope I shall never go to' law; I never will' if I- can avoid' it.' Therefore I am not pleading in my own interests. !n this matter. Tho little experience I have had1 I bought and paid for. I have pointed out what I believe to lie a very seriousabuse ; and, know ing what I do know, I think I should be wanting in my duty to tho people if I had not spoken as I havo spoken, and if I do not vote as I intend to voto. ' 'Mr. REES R. JONES said : Mr. Speaker,— I had the curiosity to read the pleadings in the case referred toby tho hon. member for Warwick, iiud I will givo a brief outline of tho caso to tho House. The plaintiff was a young girl, tho granddaughter of a man named McGuinnoss, and for whom the hon. member, for Warwick acted as agent in this transaction. '„.'.'' Mr. MORGAN : You nre wrong. Mr; BEES R. JONES : That was tho allega tion of the plaintiff in tho caso, I know nothing of the facts myself. . Mt. MORGAN; With the permission of the House I will explain to the hon. member that thereiwerp two Morgans mixed up in this case, and that it was not 1 who acted an ngent for this young lady. I hope, the bon. member will not misstate the facts, even unintentionally. Mr: REES R. JONES : I am not speaking from my own 'knowledge, but from what I havo derived from perusing tho statement of clnim on behalf of this girl, the statements of the hon. mem ber for Warwick, and a clergyman named Fraser, and also a' counter claim by leaser against thin girl. '-'From these documents I gather— and- principally from tho admissions made by1 the defendants— that Fraser 'had' bought, through the intervention of tho' hon. member for Warwick, who was acting as 'ngent for; the man, McGuinuesB, Ihu-pfoporty.in dispute— soino land at Warwick— for the sum of. £000,. of which 'only .£10 cash wan paid, tho remainder boing repro Bontod byWtiromissdry note for ^£590, payable on dehinnd'l-y Frns'er. Tho particular allega tion tltnt.Frasbr made agniilst this girl was that when h'djhttompted'to soil the property, mid had entered, into negotiations' for tho sale of it for £1,000,'. sho.gavo notice to tho'in tending purchaser that tho'liroperty WaVnotFrasor's to noil, and the sale weutpJF, ami ho wanted damages against her for thjfi'.lpss of tho sale.. That one fact alone, to my mind, iwns.,nu(ficiont justification for the advice whioh the. him. member for Warwick's, counsel, gavehhut— one of .the defendants in tho case— that'ho had bettor settle the case, on 'Mitt ground that if it caino beforo a jury tho very fact that ho had' been instrumental in selling that , ?old man's propprty- was quite sufficient to ruin him in1 the eyes' of' a jury;' 'I'was-not, ftf course,' present at! that conference;; .but their, names I. know, and they aro .men who; are highly respected in their profession. No doubt that was, what influenced their 'minds' in 'giving' that advice. Tho' case was settledafter it was net down for trial. Those are the' facts as I gather them from tho pleadings, and if I have stated anything wrongly I hope the hon. member will correct me. This clergyman, whoso letter was read here this even ing, was going to make a profit of .£400 out of this transaction, when sonipbody informed llio girl that he had no right to tho property. It is well known that a solicitor or a counsel cannot disclose tho advice given to a cliont unless his mouth is opened witli tho consent of the client ; whatever thoir advico was in this particular case, there can be no doubt that it induced tho defen dants Do come to a settlement ; and the settle ment arrived at wns that the laud should bo given up to this girl, and that each party should pay tbeir own costs — a very favourable settlement indeed for the defendants. If rom my knowledge of the gentlemen who were their counsel, 1 have no doubt it was very good advice they gavo the defendants. There is one fact I omitted to state. This girl sot up her claim for tho property under a settlement that the grand father, McUuinness, had made in favour of his daughter, the wife of a man named Kinsman, that she was to have this property on his death, and would bo able to will it away or dispose of it as she should think fit. She diod without making any disposal, and on the old man's death,, if this settlement was valid, it became the- property of this girl as the heiress of her mother. In the meantimo tho old gentleman sold the property to another gentleman named William Morgan. I do not know positively, but I am informed that ho is no relative whatover of the hon. moraber for Warwick. Mr. MORGAN : You know he is not. Mr. KEES R. JONES : I do not know it. I believe he is a brother to the Mount Morgan Morgan. He bought the property from the old gentleman fur £300, allowing him to retain it for his, life. William Morgan, it was alleged, was always ready and willing to pay the £300, but the old man rofused it, it was alleged, on the advice of tho lion, member for Warwick. That is the alle gation. I do not say it is a fact. This girl on her grandfather's death, actually acquired f mm Wil liam Morgan all his rights under that agreement ; therefore she had two strings to her bow. First 1 of all she had the settlement made in favour of her mother, then she had this contract made by McGuiuness, the ownor of the . property, . with William Morgan. . After the old man's death, ?through the intervention, it was alleged, of the defendant Morgan, the property was sold to this Mr. Fraser. Thero was another curious allegation in the statements. These facts go to show the hona .titles of the defence. It was then said that when McGuinness made the settlement on the mother he was not of sound mind or memory. That I do not know. But of course he was perfectly Bound in .mind and memory only eight or ten days before his death, when hq conveyed tho property to Fraser, the other defendant. Mr. MORGAN :iYou were for the plaintiff, I assume, in this matter. 'Mr. REES R. JONES : I was for neither one nor the other.' ; If these facts were proved in the .statement of claim and defence, all I can say is that any 'Honest advp'ca'to or solicitor would havo advised the defendants to settle, 'and they ;did. They had no costs to pay, except, I believe, for sonio small interlocutory, application. : , . / , Mr. MORGAN : What rot you are talking. ';Mr. REESR: JONES : £17, I , believe, was the: costs paid by the defendant to tho plaintiff. What the defendant paid himsolf I don't know, and I don't'eare. Ho may have p»id£10, 000. Mr. MORGAN : You are misstating tho facts absolutely. ..' ? The SPEAKER : The' hon. member is not in order in interrupting.. He may make an ex planation. ' .;, ... -,..' . .,. ?. : . Mr. MORGAN; I hope' tho hon.' member will allow that when I said the costs amounted to £850 I did' not over-state tli9 amount by. £845. The costs amounted to nearly £850. If the hon. member wants to Bee the receipts I can 'show them to'him.' ?? '?? ? ? ? :Mr. REES R. JONES:I never disputed the fact. All' I said was' that .£17 was paid'by the . defendant to the plaintiff. Each party paid their own costs according to tho settlement. What the hon. member and his co-defendant paid their solicitors or barristers I know nothing about, and I do not dispute his assertion. I am vbry sorry for him that ho. had to pay; If ho had taken good advice beforehand ho would havo saved a lot of that monoy. Thoso aro tho facts of the caso; and I say this in defouce of tho barristers and also tho solicitors omployod by tho hoii. member and .his co- defendant, that accord ing to my view of tho case .they gave' them good sound advice. If he had gone into court ho wpuld have had to pay inqre than £850 ; ho would have had' to pay- tho plaintiff's costs as we'll' ns his own. _ The principal question now is whether this Bill is wanted,' or ought to bo passed.' I say decidedly no. I say it is simply a slur on His Honour the Chief Justice of this colony — a man whose conduct not only in political life but in his social relations, and especially upon the bench— I do not think there is any man who has ever given sounder judgments,! or ono who is more highly respected by the members of the profession. Of eourso, speaking for myEelf as: a solicitor, I do not care about competition. I could get on very well by myself ; but so far as I can ; seo there is'uo objection to be raised against solicitors or barristers who may be of tho same family as the judges. I have never, in my practico, seen any leaning by His Honour the. Chief Justice towards his sons in either branch of the profession ;. and I consider that it would be a great slur cast upon tho ad ministration of justipo in this colony, aud upon the judicial bench, if this Bill were allowed to pass. I know it. I have been informed by the hon. mem ber for Toombul that in tho State of New York thero is a law similar to that contained in the Bill the second reading of which is now proposed ; : but what is the position of tho judges in the Stato of Now York? Thoy lire elected by the pltctors ; they have no independent position there,' as thoy have hero. It isqnite'u different state of society there, so far as the judges are concerned, to what it is in this colony.' I fail to see the necessity for any ,liiw Biich as thin being passed, and I i intend to voto ngainst it. ? Mr. AGNEW said : Mr. Speakor,— I move tliat tho dobatc bo adjournod. , . . . , Question put and pasHed. ? ... , # Oil the. motion of MrJ GANNON; tho.resiimp tion (if ilin dsbate'iwmi inado an Order iuf ibex Day for thia day fortnight. ?, ? ..... ;,.:..-.l !»n . ?; it :V!IT,!MU ?-¥? 1 1. -A!t. 7; o'clock,' ..:- i ..n-.l ? -?,!,;,- ii -,ili -,|*,..| I ,. The' SPEAKER' said I; In/ compliance nrifflil - ' Sessional' OrdeV, the House ?will'riowiifrocced'tb'1 - Government' business. ' ?? ? * ?- ' ?- ii !? ?-- -In ?-? i ..'?; .lpERSO'NABEXPIiANATiON]'-.'...1''LM'i . '? ' New /Ga'Lf- 'FititiiS Brtx'or 180O- li:-;' ? The Hon. J. M. MACROSSAN.said,: Mr. '' Spoaker,— With tho permission of tho Hou«/j I: ?' should like to make 'a 'pontorinl explanation. I .do not intend to move tho adjournment; of tho ; r House, because tha,t might .prolong discussion-. ? and delay the Treasurer's Financial Statement, . I prcfor, therefore, to make a personal explano- . tion. ? :.?... ? Tho SPEAJKER: Is it the pleasure of the House that tho hon. member he heard ? ' '?' ? HoNOTiitABLis Mehbehs : Hear, hoar ! '? ' Tho Hon. J. M. ,M ACROSS AN said: Mr. Speaker, — Last night when the hon. gentleman, at the bead of tho Government moved the,, adjournment of the House, ho stated — :? ' I am very sorry to say tliat the Bill wliioliwont from this Houso to another place yesterday will not 1)0 [ returned to-day.1' . ''.' .'^ , I, not knowing anything of what had taken place . olsowhere, said, 'Why?' and the- llon.'gentle-. man, in what seemed to mo to bo an angry mood,- . . said — ? .?:'.?,:! ' Jiecnuso the role ha playcil hero yestorday afternoon lias lrecu taken up in tho other Houso with success. ' ' That means tho rile I adopted on Tuesday in rela tion to tho Chineso Restriction' Bill. ' Now, Sir, the r6U that -I adopted oh Tuesday was1 the r6le that I have always adopted in this Houso. The same course of conduct that I followed on Tuesday I have followed since I came into this House, and before I came into the House ; that was to keep tho Chinese out of the colony, and as a means of doing' that, keeping thorn off the goldfieldti. The hon. gentle man told me a week beforo the House met, about the Bill he was going to introduce, and, in fact, showed it to me. I told him I could' not support BUch a Bill, but would not oppose it, and I gave him the same reason that I gave to the House on Tuesday,' So that there was no taking him by surprise by my course of conduct, ,pr rile, as he calls it. Before the Bill went into committee I asked the hon. gentleman, if ho would allow me to introduce a clause into the Bill prohibiting the issue of minor's rights in future to Chinese on any goldfield. He said, 'No; that will endanger the passing of the Bill in another place;' 'In that, case,' I said, 'I will not insist upon it, but will you under take to introduce ft Bill to that effect?' and ho Baid, ?' Yes.' . , There is. the -r6lc .? I .played. In addition ; to .that I.. also asked the Minister for Mines, and .of course the Chief Secretary as well, -to- draW the line some where on thejlussell River, which would permit the Chinese now there, and who were willing to go on tho upper part of tho river, to have a certain amount of work to, do,', but which wpuld prevent them from, interfering with the Europeans in any way to. work on the. terraces or in future to work on the terraces. The Ministor for Mines accepted my sug gestion, and mado an appointment to arrange ; : with me to carry out that suggestion. And that appointment was kept. Now, no- one could have been more surprised . than inyself , yesterday evening to hear the Hon. Premier reply by his interjection to my question why tho Bill could not come back to us. I knew nothing whatever of what liad taken place in the other House. I never heard of it until after this House had actually adjourned, so that I could not reply at all to what the hon.. gentleman stated. Sincethenlhavefoundoutthefactsof tlie case. It requires twenty -ono members to suspend the Standing Orders in the other Chamber, and the Standing Orders would have to be susponded beforo tlie BUI could be passed through'all its stages in one day, which it was the. intention of the Go vernment to do. The Premier has entrusted the management of the Upper House to a gentle man who has held office once before, and . it seems that hehas not been able tomanage the busi ness. Ho wasnot able toobtain the full complement of members necessary to suspend the Standing Orders, although there were actually more Oppo sition inembors present than Government mem bers, according to the report I have here in tho Courier^ ; The Courier tells me that there were .nine Opposition membors and seven Government members! so that tho r'6le played in. the other ?Hohse was actually played through, mismanage ment, and through mismanagement on. tho part of the gentleman who conducts the business of : tliat House. .1 think the hon. gentleman at the head of the Government had no right to apply the; statement to me personally that he made last night. I looked upon it almost as an insult, ? and I hope he will withdraw any imputation contained in .that ,statemont, so far as I am concerned, of attempting to obstruct the passage of that Bill. .. . Tho PREMIER said : Mr. Speaker,— In reply to the hon. gentleman I nsk the indulgence of the House to answer him. Ho courteously told mo that ho proposed tn make a statement, and did not wish to move tho adjourninent..of the House. I. . will endeavour to say nothing which, will call for . a reply from him. I am sorry -that the lion: gentleman should be under the impression that I said anything last evening whioh was unfair, and I will stato to the Houso the circumstances under which I said what I did say. When we adjourned five weeks ago, the Government asked for five weeks only, an unusually short time for a new Government to auk, and it was stated that it was desired to meet this week in order thnt a Bill might be passed beforo the end of the week to deal with the case of thoRussell River Gold Field. That was understood in both Houses,! and in order that thoro might bo no. complaint in either House that Parliament was being asked to legislate hastily in anything that we woro doing, wo took the opportunity of having tho Bill printed in the public Press of Brisbane beforo tho ' House met, so that both Houses, knew on Tues day the nature of the Bill they were to bo asked to pass. Fivo weeks, was a very short adjourn ment, and it caused a great deal of embarrassment ? and a. great deal of extra work to ^members of tho Govormnent, who were compelled to meet the House without tho time for preparation tliat . thoy ought to havo been able to have. had. But we thought the inattor to bo of sufficient 'im- portanco to justify any inconvenience wo might bo put to: Wo mot tho House under those circuni- ?' stances on Tuesday, and tho hon. gentleman who' ? ' conducts the, business of tho Goveniment^ufcho , cither Chamber endeavoured with all tho moans jn , his power to secure thu attendance of a sufficient number of members to suspend the Standing Orders. But we found that the, hun. uentlomcn who wero ordinarily working in cn'njiunJtioii with ; ' \- tho lateUovefunicnt refused to1 nllow,tliuStamlin£ , Orders. to be suspeinled.without-notice, null vo ? auii)etl:notice to i»jgiv.en f 0 v theifaltowing day.u . I am merely narrating the facts as thoy were in l i ».! .ii-.v; .(.r-imj.; - ,,.,.,|.. m,i..i! ??-; ,-??..( , my.mind yesterday.,', We saWnthis .happen on THdsday.LiThe: Bill,, was ,intrnducad; into,, this , Housp.andiwau, opposed, by, tho .bon. .member for,| tbwnsyille, 1 1 who, , said . ; ho , ,didi . not., intend , to, , oppose. id. -i.il-... .(; . :..-., ,,, j .,,jv ,i „ ?!''TM.Honj'JM Mvi M ACROSS AN. :I saiddiV -. tindtly I'did- not intend to oppose ib.;v I j-i -n- ??? ' ';Tli9 PREMIER :!Tlie'hdn.' 'gentleman sojd'no, ? did not ih'tehd tboppose it, lilcptfibgehtldnianwho said, ' ' Do not 'put him \inder tho pilinp'.'' Tho hon. 'go'ntleh'iin, ,wliile ho said ha did not intorid to oppose it,, iisod argiimonts of vory, great ipt'co ,tp people. who did hot; 'like 'tho ,Bill, arid would like to.opposo' it; and tho audience listening to the hon. gentleman included a1 largo number of ' ' .members of tho Legislative' Council. It was currently reported on Tuesday evening, iri birder ' tp prevent tho passage of tho Bill, that there , wpuld not bo a sufficient numbor of members in ' tho Legislative Council yestorday to 'suspend the Standing prders. ? That was known all through the House in the afternoon. . . ? Honocbable Meimebs on the Opposition side: We.nover heard, it. ? ....... ...... The PREMIER : I know that my hon. friend, Mn WflsonJ ? who leads the Government in the ?TJ;pper House, did hi? very best' yesterday to' ; procure a sufficient ? rtumber of members being presont. . : . -?. ; ' r The Hon. J. M. MACROSSAN : But he only procured seven members on his own side. '' '-'The PREMIER: The present 'Government nre not very strongly represented in tho number,., of membors in tho Upper Houso. Members who ordinarily work in conjunction with the. Jate Government made themselves conspicuous by their absence, and I do not think it was an unfair inference to, draw — it may be, and if so I sm . sorry^-but it was not an unnatural inference to draw, or at least it wns the. natural sequence that might have heon expected from the speeches of the hon. member for Townsville on Tuesday. :? The circumstanoe3 which followed the speeches of the hon. gentleman were in '? the relation of ' causa and effect. That was in my mind yesterday, . and having that in my mind I said what I did.' If I was unfair in connecting the hon. member with what took place in the Council, I. am very ? sorry. I do not wish to treat the hon. member ' unfairly. On. tho contrary, I recognise in Km a . fair and open opponent, and I hope .he- (will ?'. recognise ihe as one. When we sit in opposition . we. of ten agree, and I should be very sorry to say anything unfair to him; but I stated ex-' ? actly'what was inmymind at the time.;'. If the: '. hon. -gontloman did. not intend any such con-.' sequence to ensue, I-freely accept his denial. : Ho^otJBABLK Members : Hear, hoar! . AUDIT ACT AMENDMENT BILL. , ,'. ? On. the motion of the COLONIAL :TREA SURER (Hon. Sir T. Mcllwraith), it wjas re solved in Committee of the Whole that .it was ?? aavisable to . introduce a Bill ? to make better provision for keeping accounts of the expendi-..: ture of public moneys raised by ? way of loan, ? arid otherwise to amend the Audit Act o£ 1874. :The House resnmed, 'and the resolution was adopted.' : ? ? ' '? ?? ??'??? !- First1 Reading., : - The COLONIAL TREASURER presented ; the Bill, and moved that it be read a first time. Question put and passed..; ,.'.'.,. .On tho motion of tho COLONIAL TREA SURER,' the second reading of tho Bill was made an Order of tho Day for Tuesday next.' ? ??: : ' ' WAYS AND MEANS.' -'?', ' ' V' Resumption op CoMsrrrrEE. ' : ? '. The COLONIAL TREASURER Baid : Mr. Speaker, — I beg to move that you do now leave, the' chair, and the House resolve itself into a '. Committee of Ways and Means. ! :. Question put and passed. .' ',' ' '.'! : .''?' FINANCIAL STATEMENT. ? : The COLONIAL TREASURER said: Mr. Jesnop, — The Statement that I am about to make will bo made under rather exceptional circnmT stances. Compiling the material for the Bud get Speech required a great deal of time en the part of Ministers. It required a recast ing of _ the Estimates — a very considerable labour in itself. It is a work that usually de volves upon a new Ministry to make a Bet of Estimates boforc tho commencement of their labours in the House; but the work this time has been exceptionally .heavy, because the Miiixtry have thought fit to introduce a reform which has been often recommended by both sides of tho .House — that is, to lay on the table of tho House at the same time as tho Estimates, and in troducing into tho samo Financial Statement, the position not only of the consolidated rovenuo accounts of tho colony, but also an account of tho proposed expenditure from loan. We have dono so from principle, but at tho samo tirao thero is a very strong roason why wo should do it ut tho present time, even if it were only an excep tional case, and tho reason is this : That we cannot make tho present position thoroughly realised unless we explain the position we stand in with regard to tho loan expenditure of the colony, ffow, that remark applies a great deal .. to almost any Budget Statement, but more par ticularly' to the present, when tho finances of tho colony aro in such a peculiar, and I might almost say, in such a bad position. I have to thank my colleagues for the way in which ; they . havo helped in one part of the work, nnd that is a work very difficult to be encountered by » set of now Ministers. Of course, we know that now Ministers are inclined to sweep a great deal out of the Estimates that they havo thought much upon previously, and which they meant to do when they got into office; but at th& same time wo know how difficult it is to carry any matters through committeo whero salaries have to bo reduced. Ministers, therefore, although it involved a groat amount of labour tp find out what might be roduced, at the Bamo time, as a matter, of principle, . rosolved not to bring forward any reductions in the salaries of. the Civil servants , of the colony to any 'appreciable extent— hotf,' in'1 fact, anything necessary, to mention; ? They have,. - however, bqpn thoroufihly impressed with one fact, and;that..is that the Civil Service, of the. . colony is to a considerable extent over-manned.: Honourable Mkubeiis: Hear, hoar! ?-?, . .- . , Tho COLONIAL TREASURER: And in ' that way, i although it is still an .enpnnqus diffi- ? cujty to cut down tho Estimates, as far as 'i Ministers conscientiously believe should ,bo ! (done, still, at tho. . Bamo times ,we recognize tho difficulty of making this revision thorough at onco, , because, it, would throw on the hands, of , tlie Government a number of Civil servants ,for whom thoy cannot rind employment. ? While, , . therefore, wo-.haveused tho pruning boQk.as/nr ] as wo could, a great deal has been' left to bo doriq ,, in- tho emirso of the ;del-iit«a on the ISstjinates in , Xfcmmittee' of Supply. ' The Ministers wiH^oint' out the reforms they havo carried out, and also the *efonnB thfey intend' to make, i jGfinarallyi.i may, sayr-andXthink it ia tha opinion of all the honl, gentleman .who, have examined the : Esti mates, of-lthisi colony— that 'wo are not. in our CiviL Service, .particularly -extravagant ;? not more. so,', in fact, than- what imay.be found in ; any Government. I do not think extravagance is peeaHar-. -simply - to (Queensland. Wo. find tho samoicondition'of ? things elsewhere [ ,but as, far .as'.welicouM, tho , Ministry .have cnpbd with the difficulty, and havo ? attempted to do juBt! as'.mucb. as they, thought.: they could carry through /the House. When,, in the remarksl.havotomake, I refer to the Treasurer's ; financial :tables, I refer to the tables that were issned'-by my. predecessor in office, Mr. Donald son,-, .with, which I have no doubt by this time; hon.i members are very well acquainted. In addition to that I shall havo somo further in formation which I shall do my beat to put in a tabulated form when the speech appears in print. This Statement does not possess one feature that Sudget Statements usually have, inasmuch as I leave out a great part of the work which has been dona . by my predecessor. For instance, reference, to tho whole tables will be entirely omitted1 by me except for the purpose of enforcing arguments which arise in connection with what I have before me. All tho departmental part of the statement of my predecessor I take as correct. I take the tables an correct also, as they were taken by the hon. gentleman. Hon. members will aee, . when they examine the Estimates, that I have mclnded i not only the estimated expenditure from thd consolidated revenue fund, but also tho Estimates- for the year from loan fund, and fronvall other sources. We intend to make pro yinion, by-a Bill which was introduced this even ing,, that this shall in future be the legal form of appropriation, and that no money can be legally spent front the loan fund any more than i froiri the. consolidated revenue fund without a special appropriation after passing through Com- ° mittoe of i Sppply. The financial year ending SOth' Juneclosed with a deficiency on the opera tions of the year of £483,979- I am going now, before I enter on a statement of the consolidated revenue accounts,' to give a sort of general rtSsttmi of the position from which we started,not only as to- how wa stand .with regard to the actual revenue, but also as to how wo Btsnd with regard, to loan expenditure. 'The deficit! have, mentioned,: with the deficit with which tho year commenced,. mado the gross deficit at the end of the last financial ;year, as appears by .table B, £969,144. The land revenue for the same time was .failing, and by the action of the law- is bound to fail for the course of two or three years further. From this cause additional- taxation has become necessary; but even a more .efficient; cause for additjonal taxation would have been developed by a clear, or rather a. further, statement of the acnual: responsibilities of: the Government in fblio -works i constructed from loan. This am- ? proceeding to give now.. The Loan. Estimates that ore before the Committee amount , to £1,874(989. i That is tho amount the Go-: yernmeni think they ought to liak i appropria tion:: foiij-I may point out here that through a clerical «rror six items in the Harbours and Rivers. Department, amounting to £6,952,- were omitted from the Estimates, and will require to be brought in oh Supplementary Estimates. That makes:' the -total appropriation asked for £1,880,941. I want to point out to tho Committee that this amount is by no means dependent on the will of the Treasurer, nor is it dependent on the will of the Cabinet whether it is to be spent or not, because we find ourselves bound to the expenditure by circumstances, : suoh ? as con tract's let ond in progress, and by the necessity of making provision for - carrying on other works where .contracts have not been let. We find- ourselves bound by these circumstances to make the Estimates positively what we see them; and nothing less. When I say that we are bound by circumstances, I mean to affirm; the general proposition that this amount has been forced on us from- our position, because this £1,800,000, in round numbers, is an amount which we could not get out of except by stopping works under contract and actually m progress, or leavinjrworks that are in progress throughout the colony in such a state that no monoy would be earned by them. I will sbowthestateof thingsfrom a consideration of the railway account, and what applies to tho railways applies, to a conuiderable extent, to.- the loan money spent in other departments. The amount that is put down in these -loan Estimates : for railways is £1,140,399. There is also required to complete No. , 3 section of the Cairns-Herberton line, in addition to the £20,000 which I have placed on the Estimates, nn amount of £140,000. There is required to complete No. 2 section of the Bundaberg to Gladstone line, that is the section intermediate between Nos. 1 and 2, an amount ~of .£274,000, and, until that section is completed, tho line, of course, is of no value whatever. ; That makes about the amount that the Railway Department is committed to, in order to make the lines workable at tho present time, without providing for a single new line or any promise of a railway. And I may say shortly, that to fulfil present contracts there will be re quired £1,954,069. When I doduct from that the amount-put down for appropriation this year — namely, ,. £1,140,399, it loaves to be asked for next year, to complete the works imposed on .the .Government, the sum of £814,670. Out . of the whole of -this amount of .£814,670 there is no new work whatever, in any shape or form, initiated by tho present Government, but the money is 'simply required for carrying- out the works now in progress. There is on amount of abont £25,000, to which the Commissioners directed my attention as being in a sense new ; but when I looked at tho items, and found they were for relaying rails, interlocking, and so forth, I ''considered that amount was for neces sary/ work,- and have allowed the figures to stand- this year. After providing for the full expenditure of £1,800,000 generally from loan, but whjch includes .£1,140,000 for railway works, th.erowillbo left still for railway 'works to finish under the present contracts, an amount of £814,670, that is,. including the money for tho construction of- the second section of tho Bunda berg- Gladstone Railway, and the additional amount required for the completion of No. 3 section of tho Cairns-Horbcrton -Railway. In addition to that there aro plans and sections in different stages of completion ready to bo laid before '-the ; House for parliamentary sanction, and which I think tho late Minister for Rail ways annoiincod^'his intention to bring beforo tho House. -They comprise- 005 !,-. miles of'uow rail ways, and are estimated to coat, without thu coat of land .resumption, £2,20(1,000. ? In addition j to thut them -; tiro -l,203i- roilou partly sur veyor-authorised to bo tmrvoyod, or completely surveyed in a certain way. . I havo no means of estimating tlioir cost in the Baine reliable wny as the other is estimated, but if the same Rcalo or anything like thu same scalo cm which -other linos ' are lnattoiiartakon.it willreaultiiianamountiof five or six millions of money. I havo taken, tho | i 1.. 1 VI .;. . ' ? ? ? ... I T railways to illustrate tho position of our account ; but 1 1 cannot : demonstrate tho Bamo '? fact with regard i to other departments upon which claims are mode, such as tho Harbours and i Rivers Department, and other departments. I leave it to bo inforrod. Possibly the proportion will not be so great, but it is enough for my argu ment that a^ certain proportion will follow ; hnd it comes to this, that we aro actually placed in a position now in which wo are forced to spend .£1,800,000 this year out of loan money, and wo shall have a liability on railways alone to com mence next year with, in addition to all our other liabilities, of £814,000. If wo consider tho proportion^ £814,000 to £1,140,000,' the amount on the Estimates, we may conclude that our pre sent, engagements, without considering a single line permanently surveyed and ready for par liamentary approval, actually demand from us an expenditure equal to two years of thoheavicst loan expenditure ? wo have ever had in the colony. That is our present position, and hon. members will see that under tho circumstances there will bo some difficulty in making fresh demands on the Treasury for new or additional railways. We have got: railways hero approved of by a majority of the members of the present House, I take it, to last us for the next four years, without touching at nil upon the 1.203J miles surveyed and otherwise under the process of incubation as real railways. On surveys alone during the last eighteen months there has been spent something like £51,000, an amount which my hon. colleague, the Minister for Rail ways, is taking steps at the present time to decroaso as much as possible. Although, as I ha ve shown, we havo surveyed railways permanently so far ahead of our annual expenditure, still the demands for railways come in, but it muBt bo seen how utterly hopeless it is that we can go on in this way without Borne means being developed by, which the interest on these railways will be paid. We know quite well that these railways are not reproductive. That has been demon strated in the tables put before us with the last Financial Statement. I will take table R first, to show how the interest on the general debt of the colony has risen every year, and has gone on increasing. That will bo seen from the first line of the table; and if hon. members look further down I will direct their attention to the actual charge on revenue, and they will see how it has grown. In 1884-5 it was £392,813; in 1885-6 it was £505,804; next year it waB £650,918; in1 1887-8 it was £603,546; in 1888-9 it was £711,723 ; and in 1889-90 it reached £828,565. That shows clearly how the increase has gone on, and it has not been a gradual increase propor tionate every year, nor has it been proportional upon the. amounts themselves. Whoreas about six years ago we had actually to pay from general revenue, in paymont of interest over and above earnings, £392,813, in 1889-90 we hod to pay more than double that amount, £828,565. If hon. members will turn next to table Q they will see how that has been brought about, and this is a table well worth studying. It gives in one column the length of miles open, and in another the net revenue derived from them. I do not need to quote the receipts and working expenses, but simply the net revenue in order to illustrate the way in which money is being Bpent on rail .ways, and the gradual way in which they have become more and more unprofitable as the lines have been extended and as branch lines have been made. I give the items for the Southern and Western Railway from 1883-4 to 1889-90 s— Tear. Miles Opon. . Not Bovenuo. 18334 552' '?? £118,295 1884-5 ' : 669 107,793 1885-0 ? : 6361 . 119,970 1896-7 : ,7M : 87,513 . 1837-8 . ? ,819 113,021 : 1888-0 875 110,120 1889-00 81? ? 77,003 That proves that under the. present system, the continuation of our railways, by means of branch lines as made now, has beqn decreasing the net revenue gradually year by year, I have taken the Southern and Western line simply as an illustra tion of what I mean. I could have gone over the whole of the lines mentioned in table Q, and they would have borne out my argument, some of them perhaps better, but I have, taken the Southern and Western Railway because it is the first on the list, and not in preference to any other. I have obtained from the Railway Commissioners a table showing the position of all the different lines and branch lines with regard to the percentage of net receipts to capital — that is, what they pay in the shape of profit. It is a very useful table, because it shows what lines pay and what do not. Previous attempts have been made from time to time to get that information, and I think the Railway A.ct, under which the Commissioners work, provides that they shall give that infor mation ; but I do not know whether tho Commissioners take the same view. I know that this information had to bo prepared specially for this report, and it is in formation that we ought to have, because it shows not only the position of our main lines, but also the position of our branch lines. I will first take the Southern and Western main line. , When I say tho Southern and Western ' main ' line, I mean the line from Brisbane to Chsirlevillo and the line from Toowoomba to Wallangarra. It is fair to take them both as tho main line, because one is as much a main line as the other. The Southern and Western main line gives' n net percentage of receipts to capital of 1-91. That is the profit. The Sandgate line comes in at 67 per cent. That lino is made to look a little better than it otherwise would ; and I may explain that I asked tho Commissioners to Rive tho whole of the local trade to the Sandgato line, to which it has a right ; that is, to give to the North Coast line no receipts at all except from beyond its junction with the Sandgate line. It is a little unfavourable to tho North Coast line and a little favourable to tho Sandgato lino, but it ia practically just after all. The North Coast line gives 1*25 per cent. I do not think muoh of that, because it is a lino not half opened, and nothing can bo drawn from it. Tho South Brisbane and South Coast lines givo 0*2 per cent. The Cloveland branch gives 0°3 per cont. Then wo come to another batch of lines — much more interesting — which do not givo any por cont. at all, and I will utato how much moro it takes to work thorn than wo get from them. The l''assiforn brauch taken 5°3 per cent, more to work than tho total receipts. Tho Brisbane Vulley brunch taken (il por cent., moro to work thim its receipts ; that is, tho jiro|K-rtion of expenses to receipts is us £101 to £100. Tho |iroportion of expenditure to :receiptH on the Highfields branch— another in tisrcatinj? lino— ia l'J4.\\. It costs nearly, twice iw much to work tho lino as wo- receive from it. /Tiro JUeauarattft' branch costs, 32 per cent, more to- work thiui its recefpts, Tho Killarhoy brunch costs 70 per cent, moro to work than its receipts. I know it is wenrisomo to go through these items, but I do so for tho purpose of getting thorn into ? Hansiird. The main Central lino gives 3'4 ?per cent. Then wo coino to the Emu Park line, which coats 53 per cont. inoro to work than its receipts; that is, £153 aro spent to got £100 in rocoipts. On the Springsuro branch for every £100 in receipts there is an ox pendituro of £307. On the Clermant branch for every £100 in receipts wo spend £153. On tho branch from Mackay to Eton and Marian for ovorjr £100 received tho expondituro is £120, The Bowpn Railway has earned so little, and has been credited with so much, that I shnll not quote it. Tho Northern main lino to Hughendon makes 5 '648. That is tho best paying line we have. Tho RavenBWood branch is one of those that do not pay. For every £100 in receipts £116 is Bpont. Tho Cairns Railway earns 072 per cent. Tho Cooktown Railway is another heavy drag ; for every £100 earned by it there is £180 spent. Tho Normanton Railway does not count for much, but for every £100 it earns there is £243 spent. In the Wide Bay district, tho main lino from Maryborough to Gympie and Cooran earns 2-28 por cent. The Isis branch to Childors, for every £100 earned thore is £114 spent. The Miingar branch earns 1'1 per cent. Tho Kilkivan branch, for every £100 of revenue £208 ib spent. On the Bundaberg to Mount Pony line, for every £100 earned £126 is spent. That completes the railways in the colony. For this state of things I do not blame One Government more than another. That is not my argument at all. I am showing that the system on which we are at present con ducting our railways no country could stand, unless it had some extraordinary means of getting revenue. There is tho land revenue; that was a good deal more at one time in pro portion to the general revenue of the colony than it is now, and the land revenue was always looked upon by the advocates of railways for their particular districts as being one source, and a fair and equitable source, from which any deficiency in the interest paid by the line should be made up. That, however, has been decreasing. The land is there, of course, yet even if it was available for sale, I doubt whether much of it could be sold at tho present time— at all events, nothing to the extent which would encourage us to go on spending money on rail ways to a groater extent than wo are now doing. Not only was the land revenue looked upon for making good that deficit in intorest ; it was also looked upon to supplement the revenues of muni cipalities and divisional boardB. In fact it was the reason given, when divisional boardsworostarted, that they ought to be subsidised from ajsource of that sort. It cannot be called taxation, and I will show later on that the failure of the land revenue is one of the strongest reasons for tho decreaso in the subsidies to municipalities and divisional boards which I am going to propose. My object in going over so much ground is to show the help lessness of the position of the Government in proposing a smaller amount of money for works in progress than I have actually done. In fact, had circumstances allowed, I would have given a largely decreased amount. I have provided for something like- £1,800,000 to be spent; and I consider that in the present position of things in the colony, and considering the presont popula tion of the colony, that is a great deal too much to be annually spent from loan money, especially as I have bo clearly proved, that it is as plain as anything in the world can be, that the whole expenditure will inevitably result in a very con siderable loss to the revenue. It is proved to demonstration that, however we make the rail ways, if we continue them on anything like the same syBtem — and of course the same system will be carried on to n great extent —it will lead to very great loss. This long explanation I have made to clear the way for explaining the general Estimates moro fully. I will recur again to the Loan Estimates, and explain any particular items that aro im portant enough to call for any explanation. Coming now to the proposed expenditure from consolidated revenue, I will draw the attention of the Committee shortly, first, to the differ enco there is between my proposals and the amounts that wore granted by the Committee last year, and then I will compare my proposals with the proposals of my predocosaor, Mr. Donaldson. That will give hon. members a fair idea of the position of tho Estimates. The roveniie account I have left as it is ; hon. mem bers will see that I lmvo taken the estimates of revenue bodily from the estimate made by my predecessor. Mr. BLACK: That is somo credit at all ^The' COLONIAL TREASURER: I give credit to anybody who deserves it. I do not think I have made a single remark in deprecia tionof the hon. gentleman's estimates of revenue. I want the country to understand the position wo nre in, for unless it does we shall never be able to improvo it. As I said, I take my predecessor's estimate of revonue. I think it was a very care fully compiled estimate, although I am not prepared to say exactly that it has the thorough sanction of all tho heads of departments. Somo heads of departments wero inclined, from the experience thoy have had during the lout two or three months, to alter the conclusions they had arrived at. I considered that things wore in such an unsettled state — so many excep tional circumstances have been influencing our position during the last two or three montha — that is, tho part of the financial year that has just gone — as to make it doubtful whether it would bo a proper thing to alter the fore cast that was made in July. I shall, therefore, let that stand as it is, and will now proceed to compare my proposals with what was done last year. My estimates of ex penditure amountnow to £3, 602,002, nn compared with the Estimates of last year, £3,685,728, thus showing a reduction of £83,726. I will now briefly point out the principal heads of expendi ture in which increases and decreases havo been mado. In the schodules, 12,000 for tlie salary of an additional judge has beenprovidud, also £835 in excess of lost year's vote for tho Civil Survice Board. £8,000 is required in aid of buildingGirls' Grammar Schools at Ipswich, Maryborough, and Rockhampton, and £5,000 additional for pay ment of members. All these, with slight excep tions, woro provided for, as lion, members will seo when I como to compare tlicso estimates with tho.io of my rjiwlooansor. Tho vote for ondow mont to miiniuip.iUtcs has been reduced from £bT-,000 to £38,400, tho lattor mini only being now available under thu statute. £85,0dO wax tho amount available by statiito for endowment on rates for tho year 188!). That endowment ia payublu ono-lutlf in January, 1K90, und the other half in July. The claims mint in for tho tirxt half of thu year uiuountud to £-10,600, and Unit w;m paid. The balance between that and th« £85,000 is the amount now placed on tho Estimates, .£38,400. ?' Tho la to Government agreed to grant) £1 for £1, and that increased tho expenditure over and 'above, tho amount' ' of £8o,000 ivoted. There has iboon,. there- ,; Fore, an additional amount paid beyond. the . £4U,U00, and that difference will havo to be pro. , - 1 vided for in the Supplementary Estimates. , The £38,000 is provided by law, and must jro into tho ,'.' schedule Tho vote for divisional boards, an hon. f members will see, no longer appears in thd;i ,?: schedules, tho endowment provided: for. in the ? Divisional Boards Act having expired, and it would, thorefore, be out of place to put it in tho - achoduleB. This vote, together with the vote for municipalities, will in future appear in the esti mates of the Colonial Treasurer's Department. - ? ? The sum of £20,000'on lost year'11 Estimates for on dowment on health rates has been omitted from the : schedule, and £15,000 for the destruction of - marsupials has been reduced to £7,500. The £20,000 referred to has been left out of the schedule, because the Government have decided ? to pay no further endowment on health rates. In order to carry this out, certain amendments . will be necessary in the Health Act and in the : Local Government Acts, which will be laid before the House in duo course. The reduction in the item for tho destruction of marsupials from £15,000 to £7,500 resultu from tha intention i.,V, of the_ Government not to renew the Act when it expires at the end of this session. - ] There is not time to go into all the. details of the auestion, but the Colonial Secretary has come to - be conclusion, and the Ministry consider it:ad visnble, that the Act should bo allowed to expire, as it is believed that it has not been contri- - buting to the extermination of marsupials, which was the original object of the Act. The in- ? creases in tho schedules amount altogether to £16,801, and the decreases to £239,100, the net reduction being £222,299. Of course there are increases in other placet), to which I , shall direct the attention of hon, members when-; I come to the Colonial Treasurer's Department. ? - In Executive nnd Legislative there is a Bmall in- -? .. crease of £75 in the Governor's establishment, .) for clerical aasutance in connection with New.' Guinea. In the. Legislative Council andLegis- ? lativo Aesemby the reporting staff has been re- ? duced by one shorthand writer at £300, and ?' £300 has been taken off the vote for books, . periodicals, etc The departments under the Chief Secretary show reductions as compared with the previous year, amounting to £4,447— namely^ 1 £200 in the Agent-General's office, London,' £1,553 in the Immigration Office, and £2,694 in the Defence vote. Tho first two items are not all .'; saving, but rather a transfer from consolidated ?',' revenue to loan. Additional provision: to the extent of £937 has been made for the Civil SeN : . vice Board. The net decrease in the Chief Sec retary's estimates amounts to £3,510. Tho : estimates of the Colonial Secretary are well i worthy the notice of the House. He has : taken an immenso deal of trouble to revise _ them, and has succeeded in making,;,, reductions to a ? very considerable extent.: ': Last year the estimates of this department amounted to £441,006 ; the amount required for . ? the present year ia £424,816, a reduction of ??? £16,190. In the Registrar-General's Depart- ; ; mont £5,000 is provided for the census, and an ii additional £2,600 is required for hospitals for the ; ., insane. The £5,000 put down for tho census, which it is considered necessary to make next . year in order to make it run with the census to be taken all over the United Empire, will require to be considerably supplemented. The principal reductions consist of £4,013 in the -: police vote, £5,505 in petty sessions, £1,050 in Government Printing, £1,207 in gaols, penal establishments, and reformatories, £2,850 in grants to public institutions, nnd £7,104 on mis- '?'. collaneous services. Tho estimates of the Depart, ment of Justice are pretty much as they were last year. There is a small decrease amounting to £702. In tho Department of Public Instruction . there is a decrease of £300 in the vote for con- . : tingencios, but under all other heads a consider able increase has had to be providod for. State schools require, in excess of last year, £12,015; buildings, £5,000 additional; provisional schools, .. £2,100 ; scholarships and exhibitions to univer sities, £263 ; orphanages, £1,700 ; technical education, i'650 ; and other aervices, £350. The total Bum voted for 1889-90 was £231,207, whilst the present estimato amounts to £253,885, the net increase being £22,678. This ii a depart- .? inent tho estimates of which tho House very rarely succeed in reducing to any considerable extent, and it is the only department that I know of where the increases go on annually under regulations, and without tho con stant supervision and criticism of Parlia ment. The regulations entitle teachers to annual increases that tako place in no other department of the servico, and I can give no ? reason why that should be bo. Tho estimates of the Colonial Treasurer's Department for 1890-91 amount to £288,635, as compared with £190,545 for the previous year, an apparent increase of £98,090. This inorease {arises from the endow- . nient to local authorities being now provided for in the Coloninl Treasurer's estimates. The amount required for 1890-91 (in addition to the sum, of £38,400 on the schedules) is £28,500 for r municipalities, ~nnd £95,000 for divisional boards. In tho Treasury thero is a smallincrease of £245, owing to thu transfer of two junior clerks from contingencies to tho Estimates proper. The - Marine Board also shoiva an increase of £350, . . owing to the tranafor of the nautical snrvuyor from the Loan to tho Revenue Estimates. The Colonial Stores voto exhibits a decrease of £6,020 ; Customs, £1,175 ; distilleries and breweries, £905 ; harhours and pilots, £701 ; lighthouses and lightshipu, £2,117 ; and harbours and rivers, £238. Coming now to the Department of Public Lands and Agriculture, tho estimate for tbo year is £100,683, whilst for the previous year . it was £135,607, thus showing a net decrease of £34.924. Of this decrease £2,000 is ac counted for by the omission of the irrigation vote, and £30,000 for rabbit fencing not now required. The decreases under othor heads amount to £6,011; whilst Mir increases amount to ? £:{,0S7, chiefly in the division of runs, Department of Agriculture, and in the voto for State nurseries. ; Tho Department of Mines, for which £34,102 was voted in 1889-90, now requires £27,940, a reduc- ' tion of £6,1U2, accounted for by tho omission of tho votes of £3,000 each for prospecting for gold and purchase of diamond drills, which appeared 011 lust year's Estimated. The estimates of tho 1 Works Depnrtment show a reduction from £107,135 in 18SU-90 to £5(i,l)[HS. The buildings voto has beon reduced from £47,290 to £10,975, ? , and thu gononil voto from £12,100 to £28,400. ? Under tlie liviul of rixulu and bridges, latitycar'Hi - vote of £8,000 lias boon ruduccd to £3,700, tho, 1 1 difference beiug through, £3,000 in aid .of -- repairs to the -bridge, Rockhampton, and.',,: £1,800 towards tho oo»t of a brid^o over the.' 1 Mary River at /Tiaro being struck 1 r out* -..-! Tho net docrtiam) on thti estimates of- this de- . I-:irtmont is £50,139. Tho -Railway iMtimates, ... which amounted to £li44,52U in 1889-90, now ? fitand at £083,110 for this, year. ; On; thoiBun- ^1 doberg and. Mount Ferry Railway thero la a Bmall decrease of .£532 ; on trio Mackay Railway* £503 }'on tlioN»rtherha{'ailwrry,/£7;«}4 ;;.nnd on the ? Coilktown Railway '61' £885 ; 'tho- total decroaso ' on tWese ? rmes^amouriting to1 Jl*!);{i4(v On tho othor hand, tho general- establishment' shows !dn incroaso of .£00!):; tho Southern and Western 'Railway,- an inoroase of £37, 2S'J ;: Mary borough and Gym pie 'Railway; £3, 170 ; Central Railway,je2,557;JJowen;CairnSj and1 Norman ton Railways also show a 'small' increase on the Estiinateitof the previous year; The total iiicroasca amount to £48,141, which.lossthedecreasesabove' mentioned, make tho nctuaHnorease on tho Rail way votes J338tr-!-5. ? Tho' Postmaster-General's Department shows an increase in the vote for' the conveyance of Inails ' amounting tn £22,875; whilBfthe vote for miscellaneous services is reduced- bjr £10,484; The other alterations are immaterial. The net increase on the total vote for the department amounts to £11,833.- The Auditor^Gcneral'a Department chows a; email increasO'-son ' tho previous year amounting to: £245.' I will now show the difference be tween the ! Estimates that I havo been spoak ing of arid the Estimates that were put on the 'table of the House by my predecessor, Mr.- jI)onaldRon. ? The total of his Estiinatet comes to £3i756,80O,- and there isadecren&bin; that amount of-^154,708. .1 will point out some o the principal heads under1 which reductions have been made. In the- -schedules' the ?'Ote for the endowment to municipalities has bean reduced from £85,000 to £35,400. .My pre decessor had allowed the full schedule amount that-had -been previously voted for municipali ties.' -It is reduced now to -.£35,400, and an additional amount put on the Colonial Treasurer's estimates.. The ' vote of £05.000 for divisional boards'has been transferred also to the Colonial Treasurer's iDepavtmeht. The sum of ..£20,000 for endowment ttn the health rates, as I have; pointed out before, has been omitted from tho Estimates; and another item which I referred to — namely £16,000 for the destruction of marsupials has been reduced by me to £7,500. The total reduotions.in the schedules amount to £109,000, whilst there is an increase of £2,000igranted in aid of the' building for-the Girls' Grammar School at Maryborough. The claim for this amount haa ,cdme-' in since the previous Estimates were made; ! and- -being ? in propor form and in accordance ' with the Act it was necessary to put it on tho Estimates for this year. Going on ? still further to compare my Estimates with those of my predecessor, there is a decrease in the contingencies for the Legislative Council and Legislative Assembly, and a small increase for clerical - assistance. In tho -Department of the Chief '? Secretary- there is a small decrease Mn the vote for contingencies of the Immigration Department. In the Defence Force' .-estimates there is a reduction. This is one of the most- unsatisfactory votes hon. gentlemen will have to consider, and tho one which Ministers seem to have Ies3 control over than any other. ? There is a growing tendency in the Public Service to charge to loan what ought to be charged to revenue, and there ia no greater sinnerin thU respect than the Defence Force. A loan-Executive minute is treated as a bank account that can be drawn upon whether the amount ought .'' to -bo1 charged to loan or to revenue. Services: are often- put down for loan which ought to be oharged to revenue, and then pro vision has to be made for them by loan. The decreases in the department of the Chief Secretary altogether amount to £10,825. In the Colonial Secretary's Department the amount now asked for is £424,816, as compared with my predecessor's estimate of £439,875. The vote for charitable allowances,.- £64, 300, I. have left as my: pre decessor loft1 it ; but with that and one or two other exceptions it will be found that reductions have been made in almost all the departments under the Coloninl Secretary,' and they are too numerous to refer to in detail. But I may mention that under the heading of Petty Sessions there is a proposed reduction of £3,540. Thovote for -public institutions has been reduced by oneihalf.-and tho not decrease in the Colonial Secretary's estimates amounts to .£15,059. In regard to the votes for the Departments of Justice and Public Instruction, in the case of thti'former tho estimate remains as before, and in regard to the latter the amount of £2, =500 for a training college for teachers has been omitted,, as the vote was considered to be totally inadequate for the purpose. In other respects the amounts asked are almost tho same. In the Colonial Treasurer's Department provision has to bo made for the endowments payable to local authorities. The amount required ' for municipalities is .£28,500, and for divi sional boards, £95,000, an apparent increase of ? £123,500. There is also an apparent increase of £350, 'owing to the transfer of tho nautical sur veyor from the Loan to tho Revenue Estimates, as I said before. There are decreases in the Depart ments amounting to £9,010, tho moat important item's being salaries. In thoDepartmen ts of Public Landsand Agriculture tho previous estimate of. expenditure was £102,3!)P-, and the amount of., my estimate is .£100,083; a net decrease of £1,700. In the Department of Mines no change has been made at all, except that tho Harbours ? and Itivers estimates have been transferred from tho Minitstur for Works' Department, to that of the. Colonial Treasurer. In. regard to public works,' the estimate of iny predecessor was .£92,176, which I have reduced to £50,996. Re ductions ? on salaries and contingencies to ? the extent of £600 havo been made, on building votes-amounting to .£1G,25O, on general votes amounting to £16,900, and roads and bridges amounting; to jS.000. Certain votes havo been increased to the extent of £3,000, of which .£2,000, for repairs of post and telegraph offices consists of a transfer from tho PostmasterGene ral's Department. The total reductions in tho votes of tho ' Works Department amount to 440, 080, i and' the increases to £4,900, the net decrease being £35,180. In tho railways the comparison goes oii between tho Esti mates of iny 'predecessor and my own. My- predecessor's estimate was .£01)7, 27.0, and mine JiO83,lli-..a. reduction of £14,161, made up as. follows: — Goneral establishment ^£000. Southern iind Western ',£117, ? Wide Bay and Burnett £1,H17; Central -Hallway £0.090, Maukay. Railway £400, Bowon lfciilway £700, Northern ; Railway £2,064; Cairns j iailway £2,0113, Norman ton Railway £250.' Coining, to- tho Postmaster- ? (Jener'al'there is a gonOral reduction of £22,775 under the following heads : Salaries £3,.siiO,; con veyance- of mails £5,523, and miscellaneous ncrvjceH.JB13,4-)0. The lattt item contains a sum of JJSjflOO; additions and repairs to buildings, of which '£2,000 bus bran transferred to tho Works Department, -It also include a hum. of £3,000 for overtime and holiday ullnwancuH.iwhich in no JongVJS'.rcqTiirutl- owing ito thu- overtime regula tions' Tunned' by tin: Civil .Survive ]!-ianl having boon 'cancelled. TIiimb holiday and overtime. ? regulritioiiB1 recuivod tlm nanotion of thu (iiivoni- ? ineivt, but the cl«iiun were n6 extravagant anil the reasDna foriho payment of Much ullnwauccsso very inBuffliciiutj that1 tbo ? reculatioml Werexef oaled, ? rind these i allowances will nr,t in future bo granted. Ifl tho Rimo praotide wore -adopted through 't7iei whulenf tho fc-ivil Sorvico, the claims fnrovurtiiiun would amount toRomcthingliko-£15,000.. .In thb wboli) of the departments thu aggregate ? in-. crease amouutx to £111,170 and- the 'agi;iegntu .decrease to £2i)S,000,- the net- decreaso nil :tlm Estimates now .submitted toitho House being;! as; I mentioned before, .£1G4,7))8. .1 forgot to mention that the reason foritho1 largo incrcasu in, tho Postal Department is: owing to provi eidn being iriadd for a fortnightly niail sop-: vicorici Torres Straits. ? If lion, morhbors will now turn to the Estimates tliey will find that, taking. -the' estimated' revenuo of: my predecessor, I ?? :estimato the total revenno at £3,(!09,000, whilst the: estimated expenditure is ? £3,602,002, leaving a balance in favour of revenue of £6,908. From the comparison that I have made : between the - Estimates of 'last ypar arid . tha Estimates .of my predecessor and iny own; tho various means by which the Estimates have been so made up as toi show a' surplus instead of a dofieit will bo pretty clear to hon. members who s'tudy tho-figures I have given'. '. This balance of £6,998 to the good 13 likely enough to bo swal lowed up in Supplementary Estimates, as it is usual to spend a fair proportion, at all events, by every Ministry 'in addition to what they ? havo estimated; ondiin ordor to provide for that, and for possible unanticipated ox : penditure, tho Government' have resolved : to make full provision. That provision is to tako two forms: First, we propose to reduce tho endowment to municipalities, and divisional boards, and then we ? propose to raise additional.' revenue from other sources. I have -explained before that any proposal to raise additional revenue for the purpose of dividing that revenue among local authorities is to mo a thoroughly ?illogical position. When there was a revenue that came to the Treasury that was not taxation it was afair object of distribution among local* authorities in all parts of the colony. \Vhen,: however, that failed, and there is nut sufficient to hand round to the municipalities and divisional boards, of course tho source having been cut off, wo cannot be expected to find tho money from taxation, because, it is simply taking it out of one pocket and putting- it into another. For the Government to raise money by: general taxation for the purpose of dis tributing it among the various municipalities, divisional boards, shires, and boroughs, is an extravagant proceeding. I think that . municipalities and divisional boards can tax themselves a great deal better, and apply the proceeds of that taxation a great deal hotter than the goneral Government can. When the divi sional board system was first initiated, in 1879 — ten years ago — provision was made- for granting them an endowment at the rate of £2 for every £1 of rates they raised. Well, at the time that was considered an extravagant amount. It was an amount that was givon to make an unpalatable Bill as palatable to the House as possible. Had it not. been by some means of this kind I do not think the Bill would havo got through. Everyone con-: aidered it was an amount that could not possibly he continued for any length of . time, and, as a matter of fact, the Bill then, provided that the aubsidy of £2 for £1 should exiitt only for five years, and ' terminate th,en. However, at the end of five years tho finances of the colony were not in such a position as to alarm the municipal and- divisional board authorities, at all events, and there was a universal ngita- . tion --throughout' the colony for a continuance of the subsidy. Accordingly, a law was passed giving them tho increase of i32 for .£1 for other fivo years. Then an amendment was madclimitingthe' amount that should be paid, although the endow ment was limited to £2 for £1. ? Whilst, at the same time, they were only to bo paid what was voted by Parliament, and the limit was put at £105,000. That amount was paid, and in addition to that, practically up till two years ago, the amount voted came to £2 for £1, so that they got ' the full amount, and when the £165,000 came to be less than £2 for £1 that amount was supplemented, and the whole amount of £2 to £1 was p:iid. Of course the reason urged constantly for the continuation of the subsidy was that contracts were made, that works were provided for, that money must be found, and that municipalities and divisional boards could not rjosaibly keep on if that endow ment wero diminished: Wo have como to that pass, however, that tho Government cannot find money for these endowments at anything liko the rate that wo were pay ing before, and we have come to tho conclusion that tho municipalities should bo paid fur this year at the rate (if .133. 4d. in the £1 on the basis of last year's. rates, ;aud the divisional boards on the same basis should ho paid a subsidy of £1 for every £1 raised. The amounts that are in the schedules are calculated on the basis I havo just mentioned; But although that is tho rate, the municipali ties will not an a matter of fact get 13s. 4d. in the £1 on the rates raised this year. The endowment at that rate will only bo payable on last year's rates, but as tho rating powers of divisional boards and municipalities will bo increased by a Bill which we propose, to intro-, duce, and which I will refer to presently, they will in ;Ui probability raisu sufficient money to kr.ep their revenue up to. what it is at the: present time, making up by additional taxation for the amount of ondowmont they have lost from the Government. The sume thing applies, although the figures are different, to divisional boardd. I will refer now to the additional power of taxation which wo propose to give to local authorities. ?A Bill .will be brought in to,. make pro vision for altering and equalising the powers of rating at present possessed by .municipalities and divisional boards. At the present time the ratiug by municipalities is on the annual value, and that by divisional boards on the unimproved capital value. Wodonotseo why that distinction should oxist, and we are of opinion that it would be a proper thing that thoy should have tho option of raising their rates cithur 011 the unim proved capital value of (property or oiithoaniiual value. We propose, therefore, that thtmi ' bhull bo two kinds of rates both iu municipalities and divisions — namely, ground rutuu and occupation niton, the former baked on the. capital vulue of ? the Inndytho other bas;jd .011 tho. aunual value as. .provided in tho Valuation Act. , We proposa that tho ground rate,, shall not exceed in any ? ?one 'year tho amount of 2d. in tho-£-l of .tho. capital valmi of tho ratable land,, ;iml .that tho occupation ratu shall not oxixml In., in ? tliu .El of tho annual value :of , ;tliu ratablo land. The :Bill' will provide furtbur that tho local- autluirities, may luvy in any yeur,. rates, of both kindd,not cxcucdiiig.tbe.liuiitanmitionud. Thuy.are not bound to either onuorothurmuthod, and may adopt both if thoy. ohoosoi Spcuiul -ratcH of. tho cluiraetur of. ground :iind. --ccii|-atii-u rates may also Im levied, 1 thu. total amount of . which in any onoyear isuottoexceudduUin U10.&I; ? of capital ,valuo, or 1h. iu the £d -of: -annual: value, t Tbey.wiJl'tbei-eforo hav'e tue'powcr.of ratiogiUdJ 1 1^1 ' Ljwusuia -iiiii hi\L (1J. i-jt li ciu-i-j --J Ihji in.tlio 7£t of tho capital value, Is. irTt!io £1 of annual :value for gouoml; rntofyld.-'ln'fcneiGl'inf I thu capital -value;' and Is. in khqitl'oF thq.-inniiM - vijuo:ifo'r B|-isci»l ' ratcn. '? 1 This- will give 'the \mniiici|-alitii!3:aniplo'pnwters-u! raising rovcinuo, and thiB jiifovisioniwilli'las 'it' havo ! stuttd, apply ei|ually.'to divisioniU'bnards as'to 'irHmiei palities.- They nbod not tax improv'omonts unless ? they like, because thb power o£ faxing tho capital ? ?value will bo very much increased jiftwillbomorol thpii double, and it is quito ^possible 'they may: not tax r.improvemonts. '-The ondowinont' -ptf. health rates will bo abolished; and in ordor'td1 carry out1 tiiat change itiwillbe meceBsary ton amend. 'tho Act. 1 ? .ttf-\i :?:? '?? 'ii- ' .! ?- ??. Mr. 'DONAtiDSON.i.What-abbiit '-existing ? : ?- Tbe 'COLONIAL TBEASDEEIl:-. What ex- ' isting cpntractd ? . '?????? ? '???.?'? ??'.'?? ???.:-??.?, ? ? Mr. MoM ASTERN The Brisbane Corporation havo a contract for five voaw. - ' . '^ , -? » ' ' The COLONIAL TREASURER :/I-do' not find anything, in the law to justify any munici pality or divisional-board lotbingcoritractfl for five ' yeai-s that are dependent on- the' Subsidy being continued either-to municipalities or divisional boards, because by law the subBidyhas always ? been regulated- by the amount' voted by Parlfa mont, nnd- in1 the present 'year the claim for ?subsidy :bj*- divisiorlali boards 'actually 'Ceases! according to law ; so' that if any* frnch contracts have been entered itito' by municipalities,' divisional boards, or other local authorities, it lias been done at their own- rink' and; without ;tho ?sanction' of law. In fact the onlyclnim they will have will be a promise in a speech made: by the honV gentleman who has .just asked the question, that the Government would favour^ ? ably consider, the idea of continuing the endow ments'at existing rates. ? '? ? l ?'? ' ? . : - ' .-u-i: ,; Mr, DONALDSON :-Nofoh- health rates.v :- The COLONIAL TREASURER ;i Quite- so.i The linn, gentleman's proposition was: to pay oh a certain amount. ? ' ?.?'?!.' ?- ? :?:' ??'; ..'? . Mr. DONALDSON i Not on morethan 3d. ??:' .': The COLONIAL TREASURER: However, that is how I have changed tho- baldnce -from debit to credit. We' intend also ito bringi in a- Bill to amend the Stamp -.Duties Act. ;Tho:lato Treasurer had.' a Bill framed to effeci'a change - in the Act. Some of the provisions in that nieasurd ' will be incluaed in the Bill to .be intrbduced by the Government, arid it will!also contain j other; provisions that : wo consider are improvements; But the object sought to be attained by both the hon. gentlemen and. myself is the same.' WBilo wo impose no additional ' stamp duties we in'ake more efficient the collection of the duties pnyablfi-' by law at tho present time, andin'thisAvaywe expect wo shall got an additional revenuoiof about' jB15,000 'without -any additional- expense,' ? but ?simply by making the Act effectual to accomplish the object for which it was originally passed. Wo propose, to increase' tho' duty oh. spirits and' : strong waters to 14s.' per gallon,- and to lovy'an excise duty of 12s. per gallon upon ' spirits dis- : tilled in Queensland. That was estimated by my predecessor to produce a revenue of £15,000' additional froms one source, and ^£7^000 from the other, or an increase of ^52,000 -altogether; Then wo propose to pass a- Bill'by ; which- we will tax all dividends declared or ?? ascer tained or ? becoming- due from any company carryingon business in- '-Queensland, andhaving.; its bead office or chief place of 'business in Queensland; for every 20s: of tho amount of such . dividends tho sum of Is. and a proportionate sum for any part of snch ? 20a. ' ? We also propose that there bo raised, levied, col lected, and paid in respect of all divi dends, declared or ascertained,' of any com pany carrying on business in Queensland, and not having its head office, or chief place of business in Queensland, a like duty upon so much of the dividends as is duo to tho proportion of the capital of the company employed in Queens land. And we further proposothat there be raised, levied, collected, and paid by overy company carrying oh in Queensland any insurance i busi ness whatsoever, in lieu of such dividend duty, - a duty at the rate of 203. ftit every £100 of- pre;i miuriiB -received by the- company in Queens^ land: From the calculations made we --esti- mate that that will be about equivalent to Is. in the £1 on the dividends payablo by other com panies. It is very difficult to estimate' the amount we shall get from theDividend Act, but I havo tried to mako an'estimate nnd will giv'e it for what it is worth without going into tho details of the calculation^ I got a list Of all the comrianies that could easily lie got, and it includes' all the companies of any importancedoing busi ness in the colony of Queensland, and then adding .to that the proportion I considered due to the amount of dividends thataccruesfrombankswhose head offices are ini other parts of the'world, and also irom companies who, while' doing business in Qdoonsland have their head offices outside of this ? colony, I came to tho conclusion that there was two millions of money paid in dividends by these companies. : ' ? ' .-...'??? Mr. DONALDSON : How much ?-:-.. The COLONIAL TREASURER : Two nuV lion ? pounds. I do not think that isan:over estimate.; ? ; . ?'??? ?? ? ??? ' Mr. DONALDSON:.! am sure it i& : ' Tho COLONIAL TREASURER i Very;well, I aui telling you whatl'did. It cannot be much less than that,1 because I took a lint of the. whole of tho companies as they'appSar- in the stock' agents' lists, and I made out from dividends that I knew of, an amount of-21,500,000i arid thafdid ?; not include any bank except the Queensland National Bank, tho Royal Bank, ancTtho Bank of North Queensland. Alltliootherbanlcadcinybuai- : nesain this colony are not inoludedinthati'nordoes it include a single financial company wbose'head- - quarters are generally iniLondoh, nor aVaingle big squatting- company, nor any company' whoso shares are nut dealt with in Brisbane: ' So that I-; think that £2,000,000 is rnthei- an uhddr^istimate.' From that we expeot- to get £100,000. The ih .oroased duty.on stamps is estimated to yield, £15,000 ; tho increased duty on spirits is estimated to yield £-15,000 ; anil thu -uxcite duty oh Bpiritt); £7,000. I tako -tlie £100,000 fonnino months, not i nioi'o at' all events, and adding' those iigiireB to the amount of ruvienue over expenditure which apjjeats'iin tho frout pago-nf-.thu Estimaluil— - .naniiily, £i!,9!I8 — it makes tho balance tiii' fuvnur ' .of revenue over. expenditure £17U,!)!IK.-: iThabisi the calculation Ivmakey ahiiU'aUo\vln;*for.iiiider-v' . taintics from various causes,. I believe'thatit Will ' bo realised this year; and if nuit this year, thoro . is a very 'fair'ch'ahco of: itt being realised inniipdiately' aftjurwurds. '' I will : now ' say a fow' words about ' the Loan .Estimates. In ordor to- inake- 'my'1' Stiifoinunb1' clear, I. spent a good deal .of- time in tho ' first p:\rt --f iuy Statumoht /in - expliinih'g tho position of the: Loan 1 Estimates: I will riot rKpeabsniyiiolf '- hero,, but -will ? go over thorprin-i ui|-al 'items: --ln thni itoin'foriimiiiigratuiiitlKJ uiuuiint required i» £41,232, but J%a.4i\vill -l-o Keen,1 there is n further sum available uf-.C02,000 in thb ?triiKt ': funds ttatimatem - -Thosb a to1 amonntfi - 1 «oobribnted -by -iiersduB -lor^ d 'portion1 ? of itbofr u ' iI-'UI.jJ V'nii^iliJ. -vili' ., jijiuwi fll iu-ilj i!o passage money, nnd they havo boon allowed to mctumiila'ta''-iTneroi;|B/ii(3V,-B*-l!«rvddfenc»);'l«lMi-' rieiid'todt gtvintiVflH' thWibcms!o(-Ui-sivoto hore,'.' ??' bepansdUhcy haw been referrod'toibofurb/'anil'' -1 ?blip ?ainiilunt represonte^woHc Avbich hiul)l-een all1' -r ^iijtiUtedi :-x-iuinunowl,7.iTnostl.?-i;cjirried: au^i'dr1''' orilors t'thati ???llavqn'beuu' given ,for'i niatorirtt'''! in] Komoi -cases, ''or: ? \Vorks:' contracted ??lot. ''»? At, hill overitB, thol wholb' of 'tlioiarnount'pntl -i 'dojWir- ?hGro-'i£3}j(i5O) isubntsido 'OinMcontrol|'4'li :ini othen word's, tUoi m'inoy'is .Hrpothecated. '?' .Hhrliourt and' Rivers require' ^SlUl.Oyrj, itlib itdm»! t i » ;'for which, besides 'the Balarios; are £132l8G2.'i V-'-t'i ?ha'vo i-ointed.rjvi4 -tiiat ther'o iw ah drror:'lleroi'ii!'- owing to tho1' omission of .bIx ? items' relating.-'-'' 'tojthe steam bargoaj which will have .to:be intro-i';i'i duced on 'the 'Supplementary Estimates; -.The''i harbour worksjtho amounts for which Ihnye'i' just given, appear on page llOofithdJSstimatesj'i''' and-they woro'all, with two siriairexceptiomy. ?'?' completod, jor.' in .progress, ibri-underiicpntraoft''' before-' tho ?' present .1 Government! took -?': 6fflcoj'!'!* bo) that wehavo no control-:'over:thera;'!i(rh9i^'L' . wqrking'expennds of-th'e dfedges are put'dbwn ati'i''f £yj},000. iiThlB amonnfcl tried ta allooate dothab'i t the Committeo could decidb -where: the dredges'-'' should-work.bufcl found'' it was very impraotic^'i-Ji able. :The- Government;^ however,; decidebVtbiii:.. intrrfduoe a new systemby wbich no mdneyiBball'''-'' be andrit oh any barboiirsiih the icblony- without''.! haying previously recoivod tho shnctionx-f 'Earlja'* ?-*': ment.''- At the .present time .we allotwiid -''f railway workB unlessiithe plans bnd. sections' '/' are 'a]-pi-oVed|! iand ave i might as .well adopbitha;-''''' ' same plo'n'ini regard-to our hirrbours and riversl)'; for the future. J^cbxpondituro bejfond -£l-,OO0ri';^ will 'bo allowed unless tlio spocificntiohs havef '?-?'. \- been ? approved; ? This wiU'fce better than hllcfcafc. ( ?' ? ?ing the money for dredgingr to the (different - ? ?; harbours thrnughout the colony. !The-loan8it6i.'i lodak bodies -I have -estimatotl at £75,000.:.' That'.-: ?. is, I for the whole of the ''local bodies throngb*: out .the country.- ^TJpto ther ) other ?: day.' I' had applications, from- difforent ? local- tinthori-- ?' ties for.:£25,00O; in- addition to' whiqh jlTedeived ' ?: an applicatibnr:from' South 'Brisbane^ — which7I:*J'. isa^v yestcrday^-for £GO,000.'-3'hat will nih the^ ?'?[ exbonditure of Goyeftimenfcmoney npvory con1':' '-? siderably Bhould it: be granted.'.^I-ani' not-exx''! pressing any opinion as to whether. ?it-BDould ati ' - not;, but Iiiask .'for: leave to -lend £76,000^ -?-: There' are 'come municipalities approaching near. '?-?' enough'! foJHhe limit -that iwas-. previouslyi-.M'if Bet -tov.their .powers' ':-ofi. borrowing; in: ? fact, -- -n an: tho'. principle by i which. -we are now/ guided ?? 'with respect to.1 endowments-r-thgt^ib 4s. only-- to '.'?* 'ibo|an atlnuali votey-the limit -to the-; aniBunt lifr&WJ.; ilerid a municipality : is ^practically i gnn_e.:.::But ??????? some' of- them had approached tho limit- :I;do;i - * not say thnt there will be repudiation :by any of -v ?the municipalities. At -all : events, tho. eecurity-' rt thjj Government has had- for- 'the various loans tdl-* .. local linrtioritieshnsbeen thattheendowment.will ? -?? bo sufficient tot pay hot only the interest, but also ?? the principal-back again in tbe way provided by' '*.-?; law.' Tne-niXt item is forthe Brisbane water- '' works;: -That iiia -matter outside our 6ontrolj'- ' and -IVas astonished to get the inforniatiuh: '? yesterday 'that - tho ? amount which'. Would ben-?' . required this year was' £200,000; ? But £ think a; :? ? ' ' stretch should bo made to civo that amount;' ??? because' the population' :of-'BriBband!npd! tha-^r suburbs Btand - great risks whichi -were, rie'yee; :n . greater porlmp3tnanatthopresenttime.:ProviBifan''' I has been rnado for that amount, i- Public works!-;.; r are estimated-»-the buildingn :branch'at £G0,Y37i- ! :: and the bridges branch at £18,008.: The harbours: : : -and rivers' expenditure -for a:long time' has bees ??' r iB130,O00per annum, or close on that.': This.:i8 ?'.:? a very jarge amouht, considering that we- get no:i -. ?? appreciable return from 'that expenditure.: 1 We- ;- have spent 'an: enormous eum, :an amount-'ap- -. 1 ) proaclnng £2,000,000,1 on our'lights and harbours, ' ? vet we nave no harbour dues and no light dnes. We spend abonb £60,000 a year on our pilots ???:? and lights and get-^-speaking from membry^ani - ; income of. about i£i3,000' a year.^ Itisperfectlyi. . plain that there is a good field for taxation here for Bomo' future Treasurer, bo that when the !T' colony has to.' submit to trie taxation proposed -by mo; here, it. will :be seen ; that'-wo :havo . not fired the last sliot in the ?? locker. -. Having gone shortly over the Loan: Estimates, I:willt ' ju3t say one word as to the Btateof the- public. ? account, as two or three montlm have elapsed ' - since the last Financial Statement ATa3 made up :. ? Tho total cash balances oh: 31st 'August, -1890, 1 ?: , amounted to .£2,768,136, exclusive of £63,178 in , ? 'the hands of tho Agent-Goneral, London. There ' ? is also about £120,000 still due on account of the ' March loan, making a total in round numbers of t ^2,886,000. Of this s.um £1, '100,000: is hold,in:.i ? London; and as the December, -'1880, and June, .i.V. 1891, interest amounts to £l',075,8oT),.the.balanbe, -:l £325,000; i will scarcely be . sufficient to meet ?? i ?all other- paymenta - there up. to the ond of .??'.? ithe -finanaial: .year. .: The. ? loan ? Of 18fi6(!' ? ? ?£l,170,950;.whicn mdtures in Xondcn. 1st July,1 '??'?: fl891,;has also to:ba;providod for. -Ih.additionj.x -. theroforo, to making provision forithat, wo have ???'? ? ? 'to bear .in mind that if for no other purposes a. '? loan will be required to redeem tho debentures in nl ? the loan of 1806.. The' last of the 6 per cent.-' debenture's fall -due before the commencement . 'i. of the next financial year, and wo: shall -require ..' this session to : mnke xirovision for tho .re-''1' noual. Tliia will1 affect,' asitho amount :.was.i;. £1,170,950, and the interest will bo reduced from ..:: (5 per cont. to 3A per.cent.', a .saving! o£ about 1 ( £30,000 a year, nvhich will be to the. good noxt : ? year, as well as the increased revenue wo^xpect. 1 ? Tho remaining portion of the public balances, ? ' » amounting to £1, ?180,000, is held in the colohy,--i -. ' ; as follows :— £1,400,000 on fixed deposits'! with-'-' the various' banks, and £86;000;at the credit ?:.- of the: ColonialiTrflasurer'8 general or -working accuunts. ii -find from .a /statomeht -of 'tho ? ';« Government -fixed deposits that these Bums; with ;:t the exception! of £25,000,- which falls' due in :i'' November; arenbt immediately availablejibub' ? ?' ?da the pastoral rents. arcpayable thismunthjlno ' ? -i immediate necessity for money is. likely, to' arise. ???? The total of thene rents amounts to ^£315,000, o'f;. ' which not less than; £310,000 should be received, '!:': and this ' Bum will) ' it' i&'. expected, enable1 the - ?( Treasury-.ta. carry on uutil the iixed deposits ?' bocome. available:. in January,' l-'iibruary,' And: '.' March next. ?: Owing to theiiastoral-.rentkbflibsl. i' paid in tlie first balf of thu year,- and' the frrcator-.ii-' ' .portionof'thepaymeiltHtolucaliiodies fallin'gduu: '«( in the sedoiul half,. it; is not nt all'ilikely that tho i.n. defioitl, whichiinowiBtonds at £875,431,' iwlll bo* further incredsed during- tht- present half-year:' !??': lln tho statement of r thu 1 unexpended' bdlahces of ! ? 111 the various loan -votes' oulllst Augiist,1 tlietotal- I -I .of such, balances amounts' to .£^775,125,: but Im.: tho loan uashl Ualanco-ut thoisame dato onlymi': amounts .to..£2,851;000,- 'the ? difference'1 ibeing' H ;£U2J;000,.;'of .-which. ul!410,000Mi» 1 represented ' ' ? byiloan unforeseen oxiKindituViy i£l'2Q,000 in duo! --? for tho last loaii''.not .yot.ibronght- iintb the' ??? accnuht; ;qid' tin:. Ualuncoiby :tho 'depreciation' .- ?or i dieupmibiioii' tlio .Ioiiim of- .1»-J .and. 188!).- ????? That is tho'linduuial position at' tho present tiine.' 1 - - ; 1 will ilofor what I havoiito say -au 'to tho heeds-' ''ii 1 ?sity ofna loan «honv.'I'bring ini'tlio:Lodri ilillll v.'.i: ITVp bavoioxpendedia 'Veryi ltagoiawouirt-offoiw :-i;; ° money without authority, and for that a Loan BUI will require to be brought in at a very early stage. In addition, we shall have to renew the debentures that fall due of the 1880 loan. Full particulars of that will ba given when the Loan Bill is brought forward. I have now recounted at considerable length the financial position of the colony. I regret I could not make the State ment shorter. In fact there are several subjects connected with it that I should liko to have gone into at greater length, and Bome I have been forced to omit that, t should havo been very glad * to havo dilated on. I havo shown what wo oxpect in the shaiio of revenue, and what wo expect in the shape of additional revenue, from the legislation that is to take place. I havo Bhownalso that wo shall havo a considerable balance at the end of tho year, making provision thereby for unforeseen expenditure. I think tho amount I have put down for loan expenditure is, nnder the circumstances of tho colony, a great ? dealtoomuch; buttheamountisnotthorethrough my will, but in spite of it. I am bound by the undertakings of the Government, and of previous Governments, to put down on the Estimates ovory pound I have put down. I have simply provided for the ex isting obligations of the Government. Whero railways require to be comploted tho sooner they are completed the better, if we can find the money at all, bo that they may be producing some return. That has been tho idea that has guided me in any selection I had in the works that wore going on, though practically I have had very little choice ; and tho Treasurer who succeeds me for the next year will have very little choice either, because, as a matter of fact, as I showed at first, tho amount that ought to be Bpent next year has been in a manner appropriated, though not appropriated by law, by the engagements of the colony, with out taking into account a single additional new railway. These are unpleasant facts to a great many members of the House, who consider the getting a railway for their district the greatest blessing that Parliament can confer upon them. There is no doubt that many hon. members have been aware for years— and more every year — that we are approaching a time when that ex penditure must ceaBe. I have shown that we are within a very measurable distance of it now, anc have given the strongest reasons why we shoulc refrain from further expenditure— the strongest possible reason being the fact that the present engagementsoftheGovernmBntwillswallowevery jenny that ought to be expended from loan during ;he next two years. Mr. Jessop, I beg to move — 1\. That towards making good the Supply granted to lor Majesty, it Is desirable thoro be raised, lovlod, col lected, and paid In lieu of tho duties o( Customs now lovlod upon tho undermentioned goods tho sovcral lutles fallowing, that la to say :— Spirits or strong waters, oxcoptlng pcrfnmed spirits of any strength not exceeding tho strongth of proof by Syko's hydrometer, nnd so in propor tion lor any greater strength tliau tho strength of proof— per gallon, Its. Spirits, cordials, or strong waters swooti-npd or mixwi with any article* s-- I hat tho strength Iliorenf cunnnl. bn exactly ascertained by SyUo'ii hydrometer— por gallon, 1 to. 2\. Tlmt there bo raised, levied, collected, nnd i-aid in lieu of tho Eiclso Duties now loviiHl upon tun under mentioned goods the duties following, that is to say:— Unon spirits distilled in Queensland (if any strength not exceeding tho strength of proof by Syko's hydrometer, nnd so In proportion for any greater strength than tho strength or proof— per gallon, 12s. 3\. That thoro bo raised, lovlcd, collected, nnd paid for aud in respect of all dividends, dcelnrcd or ascertained, or becoming duo from any company carrying on busi ness In Queensland, and having its head oinco or chief placo of business in Quconsland, for evory twonty shillings of tho amount of such divldonds tho aum ot ono shilling and a proportionate sum for any part of BUCh twenty shillings. 4\. That thero bo raised, lD-vicd, collected nnd paid in respect of nil dividends, declared or ascertained, ot nuy company carrying on business in Quconsland, nnd not having its head ofttco or chief place ot business in Queensland, a liko duty upon so much of tho dividends as is duo to tho proportion of tho capital of the eom pairy employed in Queensland. 6\. That thnro bo raised, lovied, collected, and paid by every company carrying on in Queensland nny insnrnnco business whatsoever, in lien of such dividend duly, u duty at tho rate of twonty shillings for overy hundred pounds of promiums received by tho company in Quconsland. In conclusion, I may state that tho duties men tioned in tho foregoing resolution will he levied after to-night, tho necessary instructions having been given to the Customs. Honouraiim; Mksidem : Hear, hear ! Mr. DONALDSON said : Mr. Jessop,— I presume the Government do not intend to press this resolution to a division to-night, and, such being the case, that no other business will be gone on with until the financial question is dis posed of. The PREMIER said : Mr. Jessop,— I do not know whether I said so on Tuesday, but I in tended to say that it was proposed to deliver the Financial Statement this evening, as the earliest date on which it could be made, and to proceec to discuss it next Tuesday. The Government propose to make it the first business on Tuesday, unless there should bo any formal business which must be necessarily disposed of. Mr. MOREHEAD said: Mr. Jessop,— There is ono matter which has been omitted, perhaps by accident, by the Treasurer from his State ment—that is, the oxcise duty on beer. I think that is an omission. I hardly believe it is in tontinnal on tho part of the Treasurer. Ho has adopted a certain portion of tho fiscal policy of this lato Treasurer, and ho has built also, I may any, u[)on certain proposals of his predecessor, and I am perfectly certain this can be only a mistake, uiiIchh there is some occult reason for his not having included an oxciso duty on beer. I would ask the hon. gentleman whether it iu a mistake or whether it is intentional. Tho PREMIER: You can spell it with a '(i ' or a ' J.' Mr. MOREHEAD : I do not quite understand tho lion, gentleman. I know lie is not an hon. member who makes jokes very often ; therefore, possibly I may ask him for an explanation. 1 should certainly liko to know from the Treasurer whether tho excise duty on beer has been omitted by mistake. I assume that this debate will bo continued on Tuesday, and that it will contiuuo until you, Sir, are moved out of the chair. I do not suppose I shall got any explanation from tho Treasurer. I do not think he is capable of giving 01 The COLONIAL TREASURER said : Mr. -Tc3sop, — I inovo that you do now leave the chair, report progress, and ask leave to nit a'Tho no.v. ,T. M. MACROSSAN Baid: Mr. Jossop, — I should just like to remind tho Treasurer that he mentioned a num ber of railways to-night amounting to 000 miles in oxtuiit, and that I should like to see a list of them before wo resume the debate on the Financial Statement on Tuesday. I should liko to sco each railway specified, together with the estimated cost. I know that about 200 miles wore approved by the late Government, and I should like to see which of the railways referred to are the heritage of the £10,000,000 loan, and which wero projected by the late Government. Another thing, I should like to remind the Chief Secretary that jn September last year he stated most solemnly in this House that his Brisbano constituents would never elect him again without a land tax, and also a tax upon beer. The PREMIER : Give the correct quotation. The Hon. J. M. MACROSSAN: I can show tin a minute. It was in September last year. Tho PREMIER: You have given something The' Hon. J. M. MACROSSAN : There is \o 'like ' about it. It is a jwraitivo fact. The PREMIER: I don't think I referred to my constituents The Hon. J. M. MACROSSAN : Tho words were, ' My constituents will ncvor take mo again without u land tax and also a tax on beer.' Now, wo have not got tho tax on beer, but we have tho laud tax. I hope we shall have the Hub of vail\vayn printed by Tuesday. The COLONIAL TREASURER said : What I intend to have printed before Tuesday, in addition to my Statcme nt, is a list of the rail ways for which plans mid section;) havo been prepared and aro ready for the approval of Parliament. The Hon. J. M. MACROSSAN : Amounting to 500 miles. The COLONIAL TREASURER: Yes, as I mentioned ; and in addition to that the 1,200 iniles I referred to. Tho Hon. J. M. MACROSSAN: We don't care much about that. Tho COLONIAL TREASURER: I intend to have those papers printed before Tuesday. The Hon. .T. M. MACROSSAN : When I said 'We don't care much about that,' I meant that there is no party committed to those linos. Thny are simply trial surveys. Bnt we must seo a list of the other lines before we con tinue the debate. Tho hon. gentleman can have no objection, because he gave them to the hon. member for Maryborough before ho made his speech. Question put and passed. On motion of the COLONIALTREASURER, the Chairman obtained leave to sit again on Tuesday next. ADJOURNMENT. The PREMIER said : Mr. Speaker,— I tnovo that this House do now adjourn. Question put and passed. The House adjourned at twenty -fivo minutes before 10 o'clock. By Authority : Jaues O. Bkal, Gorornmont Printer, Wiiuam rtreet, Brisbane. 