The Last Romance of Astronomy. Tho romanco of astronomy appears to ba un folding itself day by day with Htrongs results. Aided by all tho latest improvements in mechanical appliances, astronomers can now speak positively on subjeota wbioh formerly thoy only spoke of with bnt doubttnl hesitation. The gradual fading of somo of tha stars has been matter of aoae discussion in all time. We have most of us hoard of the lest Pleiad, the star of Meropo, in tho woll known son- itellalion, bnt tho date of whose supposed disappearance baa nover been ascertained. Even now in Ursa Major thero is a dying star, whose brightness only two oentaries ago woo equal to tho remainder of the ouuslvliaiiuu. The extinction of theie bright orbs into blaok invisible oinders has lately boen ooonpying the attention of ' tho leading astronomers, and the most singular dodnotion has beon the result. It was noticed by Tyoho Braho that ono of tbo twin stars (Alpha), the brightest of them, suddenly bcoamo invisible for six months, and during that period the remaining star shone with redoubled brilliancy. At the expiration of tho period mentioned the dead star returned to lifo onco more, and until lately has been shining with lustre unimpaired, 'lhis strange phenomenon has ever sinoo been unex plained, although it has continuully been the enbjcotof longond acrimonious disputes amongst scientific men. Now, howover, it seema that the matter has been definitely Bottled, ond(in a way that would appear to make us ttomble for the duration of oar own globe, or rather tho duration of tifu on it. One of the Gorohino, this timo tho lesser one, has onoe mare disap- pcaicd with tbo same zesult fit renewed biu- lidnoy to its brother star. Professor Grimes, ol tbo celebrated Cambridge Observatory in Amerioa, has, howover, discovered, by moanB of; the powerful telescope thero, the dor- miuit globo from wbioh apparently the beat is temporarily withdrawn through some intense notion on tho part of its brother atar. If this absorption of bbat and thorofore light in twin stars i s oommon, why should it not ooour in the oaso of satellites P Supposing some ox- truordinury display of aotivity on the unknown side of tbo moon withdrew from the earth only a email partiole of extra heat, what wonld be the result P Tho Froi'eeaor says that then wo. should light a Club Honso Oigar, tho perfsot aroma of which wonkl enffioe to keep all people warm. Ben jamin Bros., Limited, sole agents. Miss 1'lizaheth Cotkbwoetk Is organising a co-operative company of working English gantlanoracn for the raising of ehoiia fruits and vegetables, to he delivcrod dlreotiy to such oensumers oh will tako a small amount of stock in tho enterprise. Young Piiuoo George, 'who is now oraising in Canadian waters, is bnt thrco romovee from tho British throno, with a very old grand mother, a father woll advanced in years, and an invalid brother aboad of him. Mies A. Moore, president of St. Molaohi's Ladies' Total Abstincnco Bocioty in Philadel phia, has joined the W.O.T.U. She is said to be tbe first Catholic woman who over spoke in publio at a convention. Hor first speech was delivered at tho Catholio Total Abstinenae annual inciting last year, whioh sho attended as a dologato roprcsonting 2,000 women. Referring to the habit of some men oi spend ing out of their weekly wases of perhaps 26s. some 10s. or 16s. in drink, Mr. Spurgeon desig nated such as " bruto boasts." Ho would not like to say s bard word, and therefore bo would retract that expression— wben he found a better. (Laughter.) A man who robbed his wifo and family was a " doublo-disiilled thief" — (bear, hear)— and ought to bo put into a different prison io ordinary thieves lost ho should deto- riorato, their morals. Addressing a tompcranco mooting at Ghoster, Sir Wilfrid LawBon dcaoribed Lord Randolph Chnrchiil as u Saul among the prophets, having flesoribed tho liquor traflio as a devilish and ds- itrnotlvo trade. The spoakor said ho nsed to . wonder forwhat purposa tbolorda woroerontod. Ae.achild'ho wua taught that thoy wero for seme good purpose, but hu waa 60 years of age before be ioand ont tbat lords were oreatod to Fpcak the truth abont tbo liquor traflio, which Ihe wretched Radicals daro net do. 