(BtumltytM* Woodchhjteb Racing Club.— This club will hold their annual meetno- on Bonne Day the 26 I-. D^cero! et 1890. g Mitiso Institctk.— & cake and apron fair aud promenade concert will be bed in the Milang Institute on Saturday evening next, September 27lb. in aid of £h» TnaHm,. finds. For particular* see aavertisameat elsewhere. Dacmisiti — The 6rst ordinary meeting of the St. Andrew^ Lodge was held at the Onnaiercial HoteJ,. Strathalbyu, on firiday evening last, there being a good attendance of member?.. Two new members wen initi* ated. atd several proposed .* This particular branch gives every promise -of: becoming a very strong -ooe- ?-- -.\ XnA* 8 iC^J'? -?: ** Fwesbi-t SocnmEs- PjchJc.- Tbft picnic is advertised elsewhsre to take place' on the usual gn-unda, Glenbar Paddock, on the 22nd. Ociober, and as the przes for the atbleiio f ports bave been considerably increased we beg to call «hletes'|special attention to it, i-'TBATHAtBYN PBnnTITB METHODIST SUM— DAr ScHoui..:— The anniversary of tnisoachool was celebrated on Sunday and Monday last* ui the usual way, special scrvicea being ©»n ducted in the Ids itute by the Rev., ji i Bay mona on the f«rmer day,, all being well attended. Oa M mday the treat was given to the children, a publio tea following, and in the . wning a public meetng was- beid in tie Institute Hall,; Mr. D. Bell presiding. Addresses were.given by various, 'fftakera ? and as at the Sunday services,, the school children sang ep.cjal hy.nns.' A supper, follower*, closing a suocsssful anniversary. Theatre Ro?a&.— Mrs. Brown-Fatter and her company bad a spleudid reception on their opening night SarosJay las', .tbe theatre, being crowded to its Utmost capacity and ao great has b «? «he d. mind for eeaia-since that ihe management have considerable difficultr in copirnt with it. 'La Rises' is one of the moHt powirfol plays- ever put on the Adelaide stage, and as interpreted by Mrs Potter and; Mr. Uellow and the splendid company supporting them, it is worth a long-journey -o see. The scenery and mounting is also of a very high order, while Hie dressing is moit beautiful. Mjb. Brown-Potter is a wonders »ul uresser and ladies in Melbourne* who cared little fur tier splendid acting, went nigbt after to see her wonderful wardrobe. Adelaide adies seem to be copying the fcsbion. On Saturday night *La TosoV wi» be. with-, drsv-nand. 'David Garrick'- substituted. ' Purify the bJooJ, cleanse she stomach,.. and sweeten the breath, wi'h Dr.Soulc's. American Hog Bitters.' 13- Chtjech op the NATrrrrr, Fnnnss. — On Tuesday last a large congregation assembled en this obnrch to be present at a fl-wer service which was conducted fay the Rev. W. J. Busℓ in connection with the Sunday school. The service was most heartv, and the flowere, both wild and cul tivated were very beautiful. After the ser vice the flowers were sent away to the Adelaide Children's Hospital. Invercargill hai been enjoying its turn with a ghost scare. The other evening a respectable married woman, who was taken for the ghost, had rather an unpleasant time. She had been visiting a friend at North Invercasgill, and was returning home by a path that cuts the south -eastern corner of the reserve, when she wai pounced upon by a man, who, somehow, had mistaken her for a ghost. Without waiting for an ex planation, he seized her by the body, shouting out,. ? I've got ion this time. I'll make it hot for you;' 'and proceeded to drag her towards the police-station. The unfortunate woman screamed with terror, and pleaded to be let go, as there was some mistake, but 'it -was some time before she was released. It appears that the woman carried a white parcel, and this seems to have been the only reason for the assault. \- This is a good story and a' true one:— Herr Joachim, ot violin renown, had been playing at a concert in Manchester. After it was all over lie was walking up and down the railway platform enjoying a good cigar and the con sciousness that he had never played better in bis life. The cheers of his audience still rang in his ears, and he was full of pleasurable self satisfaction. A respectable navvy-looking man, dressed in bisSnnday best, kept passing and repassing, and gazing intently at the great master. Presently he came up to Joachim and asked for a light. This the musician g«ve him. Having lit his pipe he looked Joachim full in the face, and then, tapping him on the sbrulder, he said, 'But Paganini was the man!' ThMt wbb all. But it was enough. Joachim says he never felt so small in his life. HoiiOWATS OlHTHGKT AHD PlIXS com bine both sanitive and sanative powers in a high degree— by the former term is under* stood their ability to preserve health, by the bitter their, capability to restore health. With these remedies at hand, noose need be at fault to guide himself or herself safely through the many trials to which every one is subjected during onr ofttimes inclement winters. Coughs, colds, ulcerated throats, diphtheria, whooping cough, can be success fully treated by well rubbing this Ointment upon the chest, and by taking the Pills. Daring damp, foggy weather asthmatics! sufferers will experience the utmost possible relief from the innunction of the Ointment, tad all tender-chested persons will save '? endless misery by adopting this treatment. ' * The Debasement of Woiobh. — To complete . the ecstasy of those who believe id the degradation of human labor, need I aay that rat Stockholm the debasement of woman is perhaps more thorough and complete than in any city of northern Europe ? She here practi . cally supplants the beasts of burden. And 1 am not altogether unfamiliar with woman's work in Europe. I have aeen her round the pit month, at the forge, and bare-footed in the brickyards of 'merrie England,' filing blast furnaces and tending coke ovens in 'sunny France.' I have daily watched ber bearing the heat and harden of the day in the ' Faterland,* and in Austria Hungary doing the work of man and beast on tbe farm and in the mine. I have seen women emerge from the coal pits of'bosy Belgium,' whs're little girls and young women graduate as under-ground as hewers of coil -and drawers of carts, for it is no uncommon thing in Europe to hitch women and dogs to geibcr, that manufacturing may be done 1 ' cheaply. Aged, bent, and sunburned, I have men woman, with rope over shoulders, toil logon banks of canals and dykes in pictur '?'as^ue Holland. Having witnessed all this. I was yet surprised to find in a city so beauti ful and seemingly so rich and prosperous as Stockholm, -women still more debased. In -Stockholm she is almost exclusively employed as hod-carrier and bricklayer's assistant. She carries brickR, mixes mortar, and, in short, -does all the heavy work about the building. At the dinner hour yon see group* of women *ittmg on tbe piles of wood and stones eating their frugal repast. They wear a short gown coming a trifle below the knee, with home icnttted woollen stockings and wooden shoes. Over the head a handkerchief is tightly tied. Those engaged in mixing mortar and tend ing plasterers wear aprons. They are paid for a day of haid work of this toil, lasting twelve honrs, the magnificent sum of one iroiier (equivalent to Is. Id.). Women sweep the streets, haul the rubbish, drag -hand- carte up the hills and the cobble etonef, unload bricks at the quay*, attend to parks, do the gardening and row the numerous -ferries which abound at Stockholm. Tbe entire dairy business of the city is in their bands, and here they take tbe place of horses and dogs, carrying on their shoulders tbe heavy cam of milk from door to door 