€rumb0. Zoo. Theatre. "Faith." Junction. Assembly only. Star Chambers. Bcir.-' hed heroes. Bulliir.oTe Fund. Allot I'.i r wet night. An Acting-Coroner. Conservative Judges. Englishmen again won. Chili is a hot place now. Kingston has an incendiary. Australians v. Sussex to-day. Palace of Wonders still open. Miss Emily Fitzroy in "Drink." Splendid innings by Dr. Barrett. Block 14 started dividends again. Obituary—Mr. C. D. McFarlane. Barometer at noon to- day, 30*08. Help the widow and fatherless. Our boys play at Brighton to-day. An appeal for poor Mrs. Bullimore. ^ Why are Judges afraid of publicity) Sir John Thurston, the hero of Tonga. One died very rich, the other very poor. Mr. H. C. Swan carries his C with him. Good start made for the Bullimore'Fond. Mrs. Bullimore's case is most distressing. Farewell to our dear old Sammy Beddome. Treason to the noble cause of tree cultivation. Hindmarsh tram made a profit last year of £58. Victorian bobby iB to get increase of sixpence a day." Meeting of North Adelaide Institute to< night. A clean sweep is asked for of the Junction Board. British smelters in blast from the Pro* prietary. Give the Incurables the soothing inffttence* of music. Captain Jorgenson to be banqueted *at Fork Adelaide. Sir William Milne undistinguished fcy force of character. There may be 3a bother about the last appointment. Those Barrier tenders will be the death of the Ministry. The brake question was not quite cleared np> at the inquest. Very clear that^Tonga was" getting too hotfor the Baker. Gladness prevails in Tonga at the exileflf the political parson. Now for the rag-tag and bob-tail of professional politicians. Old King George has had his eyes opened about Mr. Baker. President Celman is accused of selling his own Government. The importance of forestry is now represented by the Gill measure. Manager Buik has increased the receipts OH the Hindmaish tram. A gentleman learned in the law will pcesids at the City Poilce Court. Regret felt at the scratching of the late Mr. White's horses in England. Adelaide Steamship Company dmdendatthe rate of 7 per cent, per annum. Governor Canington has assented to tih&Bill; for the Nyngan to Cobar line. On June 6 Manager Adams predicted dividends to Junction shareholders. Rome was saved by geese, but Modern Athens is to be guarded by a Swan. Queensland Government is assisting" tho Presbyterian mission to aborigines. Sun rose at 7.3 a.m.; sets at 5.9 p.m. Moon rose at 11*3 a.m.; sets at 11*47 p.m. Show of pigeons, canaries, &c.;, at Norwood Town Hall on Friday and Saturday, One or two well- known faces will now be missed from the Police Court Bench. Toorak has a new baronet in Sir George Baillie through the death of an uncle. Bravo, Britain, to stand up, if alone, for abolishing the drink traffic to natives. Ministry is to be congratulated -on its general exercise of unpleasant patronage. Come forth ye politically lame and impotent ones and try the 'troubled waters of Yatala. 1 Messrs. Smith & Finlayson have oBezpd to construct the railway to Cobar for £13S{3U. The trouble iB as to the disposal of' ther surplus. May the trouble be yearly repeated. Why was the report of Manager Adams, of July 7, kept back by the Junction Directors? The appointment of Gill cannot be expected to give more than a small measure of satisfaction. Iron-nerved Surgeon Gardner has a tender heart. Listen to his appeal for Mrs. Bullimore. Judge Pater retires from Palmerston to Victoria-square on half the dignity^and .half the pay. Messrs. Rausch and Hancock, from Adelaide, had a narrow escape in the Sydneyexpress. Victorian Railway Commissioners are considering a scheme for insurance of goods against fire. It is monstrous that important legal arguments of public interest should be conducted with closed doors. The profession who benefit by their cases being fairly reported ^should move to open the doors of Chambers. Premier of Tasmania will not allow local bodies to interfere with State policy—that's an O-Fysh-al declaration. The selection for Forest Conservator is such as to preclude Sir Henry Parkes or anybody else from'decoying him away. Mr. Beddome has long been a good-hearted father to erring members of the family, and now another Pater succeeds him. ; Mr. T. K. Pater, who has had a most exciting career, will soon hold fashionable morning levees, Inspector Denis assisting. "The present contract for(pauper)burialsfor adults 25s.; children from seven to fourteen years of age, 16s.; under seven, 14s. There is a storekeeper in a country town whose name is Lonely, and it is an appropriate name, too, for he doesn't advertise. It is to be hoped that Mr. Pater will stinfi his lore, magnify his common sense, and reserve his jokes for papers which are said tobe comic. The Italian beggar must receive a licsnce to escape a challenge from the police. There are 12,743 licensed members of the confraternity in Ring Humbert's realm. Young wife (tenderly)—" What's the matter,' my dear? Don't you like pound-cake Husband (hesitatingly)—" Y-e-s, love; but I don't care for ten-pound cake." There is just as much reason'for carrying on Committee work in the Assembly with closed doors as the conduct of many cases in Chambers with the PresB excluded. The trustees of the British Museum havaf just purchased the second edition of the Indian Bible, translated by John Eliot into the language of the Virginian Indians, Cambridge, Massachusetts, 1680-85—a book of extreme rarity. Obituaries.—Do you fcnow the meaning of the words Abubeker and Caliph, or who are the Sunaites and the Shtltes? If not, justo listen to what our Historical Crumbman has to say about it. Abubeker was the father-in-lav and the successor of Mahomed, and that nam0 was given him on the marriage of his daughter Ayesha with "the Prophet of the Turks,", because Abubeker signifies " Father of thff Virgin." Then, on the death of Mahomed, Abubeker succeeded him, and assumed the title of Caliph—i.e., successor and vicar. But' this old fellow gave up the ghost" Joly 24, 634, after having 4 1 won vast territories from the- Syrians, Persians, and Greeks, when the squabble for the caliphate by the rival descendants of Mahomed divided their respective partizans into the two sects named above, and which "remain unto this day." Memorabilia.—It was on July 24, 1567, that Mary Queen of Scots, so famous for her beauty, her accomplishments, her wit, and her misfortunes, while a prisoner in Lochleven Castle, subscribed the instrument by which she resigned the crown in favour of her baby boy," then only a year old, but who waB at onoff crowned at Stirling as James VI., the Earl of Murray being appointed Regent during his minority. Be ton, a contemporary writer, says :—" She (Mary) came to the window? several times in so miserable a state—hei hair hanging about her lugs, and her breast! bare and discovered—that no man oould look upon Ler but she moved him to pity and coml^assion. For my own part I was satisfied to hear of it and might not Buffer to Bee itj. Alas, poor Mary J 1 