A GHOST STORY. By Mary Kyle Dallas. One morning Arthur Ileywood recctvcd a strange letter Jt was from his maiden aunt, Miss Maud Ileywood. ' Come ot once,' it said. UI am going to die, aud I want to leavo you my property. It seems ri^hfc to see you first, ' Arthur had never met his Aunt Maud, who lived by herself in a handsome country resmcncc, ane nau lniierueu it from her mother, while the boys — her brothers — were obliged to make their own fortunes. Arthur's father bad been the eldest, and all ho had ever said of his sister Maua was tbat some* thing she bad done in early youth had mado them all angry, ond that they never Baw caeh other, and, -for his part, ho never desired to do so. ' And now, when Arthur Ileywood was quite alono in the world, this aunt had written to him. He expccted to find a witch.liko old woman lying in her bed. Instead, when a strange, old, black servant-womau bad opened the door, lie was ushered into a room where a beautiful woman, who, in the light of the shaded lamps, scarcely looked old at all, sat in a velvet chair, and held out her hand to him. 'You are a Hey wood,' she 6aid. 'You resemble your father, but are not so Etern. Selim wa? stern to cruelty. And your mother is gone, too. Well, she must have had a bard life of it, unless ho was kinder to her than to bis sister. ' There, don't speak. I shall say nothing but what I feol. This estate ought to go to a Heywood. You shall havo it. I think you will have to wait a few months. My heart is aflected. I shall die very suddenly. At present I am not very ill, but it will be as I say. ' Don't express regret. You caro nothing for me, and the estate is valuable, and, above all, I bate hypocrisy. I have mado my will in your favor. Stay until tho last.' With these words she closed Arthur's mouth. . Then she rang the bell and ordered supper, and afterwards dismissed her thirty year«old nephew to his room, at nine o'clock, as though he had been a echool-boy. It was a large roum at the end of a long passage, very handsomely furnished, but at the samo timo very gloomy. Arthur felt curiously uncomfortable 09 bo paced the long floor, and despite tho early hour, resolved to go to bed at once. Anight lamp stood upon the mantel-piece ; he lit it before ho retired. Tho excuse he made to himself was that his aunt might bo taksn ill in tho night | but bo was conscious of a renewal of his old childish terror of tho supernatural. * 'It is all this talk of dying and of will and legacies,' he said. ' I shall sleep it off.' And, in fact, he fell asleep very shortly. And without being disturbed by so much as a dream unt-l midnight, at which hour, the proper one, as wo all know, for the ghost seer, bo was awakened with a start, to sceat the foot of bis bud a little dark woman with fierce, bright eyes, who wore a curious sort of whito cap on her head, and a dress of some grey stuff, over which was tied a white apron. She seemed to be a nurse or a ser vant of some sort, and it was Arthur's im pression that his aunt was ill, 'Have you como to call me?' he asked. The woman came a little nearer. ' Yes,' rftpiied a voice, which mado his blood run cold ; 'that woman is dying.' ??My aunt?' ejaculated Arthur. ?« Your aunt,' replied tho figure. 'If somo ono doesn't set to work at oncc she'll die without being hung. ? I want hor bun?.' '?This is a lunatic ' thought Arthur. He started to his feet, draping himself in a blanket, ready to do what seemed best under the circumstances, but tho woman was gone. lio went to the door. It was fastened ks he had left it on retiring. The windows were bolted down. Thero was no possibility of any one entering the room. Searching it thoroughly, he made sure that no ono was hidden there, resolved that he had bad a bad dream, and composed bimself to sleep again, wondering why imagination Bhould play such freaks on him. However, this dream, if dream it were, was repeated three times. Each time the stronge, dark woman oxpressed her desire to seo Maud Iley wood hung, and declared that if It were not dene it would soon be too late. . His aunt was not a woman to whom to repeat such a dream, even had Bho been in strong health. Thero was no one else to speak to. v But the thing seemed so curious that Arthur made a record 6E it in a sort of diary he was in the habit of keeping, following it by some reflections upon dreams. At last, however, be was awakened not by a ghost, but by a rap on his door. Jlisaunt was dying— a servant lmd come for him. When he reached her room sho wa3 .in* sensible. She never spoke to him a^aitt. Ho could not mourn her loss, for she was almost a stranger to him, but he showed every m.trk of respect possiblo to her memory. The funeral was largely attended, rather from curiosity than any other feeling, for Miss Heywood had entertained nowone, and visited no one in the neighborhood ; and in due course ot time the will was road. 15 left everything to Arthur Heywood, only son of her deceased brother, Selim Heywood. and with bnt one proviso: The garret should remain as it was, fastened by bolt and lock and bar— never to be opened on any prettxt whatever. 'I do not choose to say why,' wrote the testator. 'Unless ray nephew will agree to thip, bccannotinbcrit. I shall leave a codicil to be rend, in case that he refuses, directing the disposition to be mado of the house.' But Arthur bad no hesitation in agreeing to this whim of his dead aunt, who, doubt* less, had consigned to the garret some treasures of her youth which she did not wish to destroy. And he took possession of the estate, and soon married, and brought ; home a wife, j Years brought them a family, and still j the garret remained closed. A garret is a ' great loss to a housekeeper ; but whenever Mrs. Heywood made this remark, ber hus band would reply that 'tho estate would be a greater one.' ?? Who will ever know ?' Bbe would urge, 'Who cares?' **A codicil which I have never seen re mains,' Arthur would reply. ' Who knows what might happen?' And so his Fatima did no more than peep through the keyhole of this Bluebeard's chamber. ? The mystery was greater, however, lo the children ?, and when the eldest boy wos. ten yearB old it bad occurred to him that no* thing could be so delightful as to peep into that garret, iu which might be hidden all sorts of wonderful treasures. And 60 one day, by means of a ladder somo fruit*pickers had left near the house, he gained thesloping roof, and reached the dormer window. Perched on the sill, he peeped in ; but at the moment tho ladderslipped. He remained on tbo window ledge, .screaming for help, and the fruit-pickers, hearing him, ran to his assistance. However, though the child had crept up the sloping roof, the men could not reach bim, and knowing nothing of the taboo which forbade the opening of the garret door, one of them bade the child re main where lie was until he came, and rushed up the staircase, followed by ail the household. The door was soon broken in, the window opened, the child rescued. And then the woman, who until now had forgotten all but her boy's danger, took breath and looked about her. The garret was a bare place, hung with old garments and smelling hideously. In one dark corner lay what looked like a bed. it/, nuivw ? AW uypivuv,u, tu iiuu lo rush wildly from the room was tbe work ofamomeut. It was a skeleton dressed in a grey gown, and with a cap upon its head, still covered with long black hair, that lay thero. Arthur Heywood was absent from homo at the time. When he returned he found the ] 'ng-seJcd garret door opened, hcaid his wife's siory amidst her sobs of terror and proceeded to the spot. Thero ho stood, transfixed with horror and astonishment, The skeleton upon the bed wore the grey dress, the white cap, and had tho straight biackbairof the woman who had appeared to him thrice in a vision, demanding the execution of his aunt, Maud Heywood. Whatever this meant, tho discovery had been a public one, and sq, must the cxplana* tion be. Arthur sent for the proper authorities, and also for the lawyer in whose possession was a codicil of the will which had given Arthur possession of the estate. This codicil had been enveloped and sealed by Miss Maud, who alone know the contents. It contained these wordB : 'This paper will only be opened if the garret is opened ulso. In that case my secret will 03 known to tboBC who are of my own age, for there was much excitement when Jano Jarvelle disoppearcd. She wc? well- known in the neighborhood, and. bnt for letters which I wrote m3*self and ex hibited to ourious folk, the truth might have been suspected at tbe time. 'Jane came to live with mo as house keeper when I was but twenty, thirty years ago. I wns betrothed to a man I adored. My brother Rupert hated him. Ho placed Jane Jarvelle in my house as & spy. She intercepted letters and worked in such a way that my engagement was broken ol! and my lifo embittered. My lover left me with soorn, believing a false tale, and married another. One day I disco. ered Jano Jar velle's treachery. I went in search of her. I found her in the garret. There we had a scene, and there I raardercd her. I stabbed ber to tno heart. She lived only long enough toBbriek : ' *1 will haunt the house until you are hung for this 1' 11 She has done it. I have seen her. But I shall not be hung. The secret is all my own. I locked the garret, dismissed my Ecrvants in a body, and gathered new ones about me. I told people tbat Jane had been dismissed for dishonesty. I did not lie, ' My brother, Rupert, cross- questioned me, and made great search for Jane Jarvelle ; the others wero never good to me. Ours w&b; an unkindly race; but Selim, though stern, was a just man. To his only son I have left all. Let him pity me. ' Driven by desperation to an awful crime, haunted by the ghost of my victim, never at rest, never at peace, pursued for ever by dread of a horrible death on tbo gallows, and assured of future punishment, what bas my life been 1 Again I Bay—pity me, and pray for me.' 