CHAPTER XIV. THE ESCAPE. “ I should like to know what a come over that girl 1. Look at her, JaequeB 1 This is the third time sho’s. bounced up from the I fafclo to run to tbo winder and 6laro out. Ami it cornea cf bc-r gaddiu1 up to that old mmlhouGB so muob. I tell yc, Jacques, that’s tvliat nils her, anil nothin'else, and a stop must bo put to it.” Darnu Ferris delivered this rnthor imlig naut ontburet.as she cat at supper with her husband, on tha celf-same afternoon upon which oiir lost chapter closes. “■Efuob, dame,” responded stolid Jacques, j helping himself to another howl of por ridge; ‘‘don’t let yonr tongue run away with your wits. What harm can uomo oi the lass walking under the trees at Mount Chateau ronx ; crazy hain’t a entohin- disease, as ever I’ve heard, If ’iwas, my wits would ha’ been gone long ago, I’m a tfcintriu’;" Just then Josie draws in. her curly head, and turns to her father, with (lushed cheeks and eyes ail a-sHitcr;. sociatio.u_ ... ... 'Oh, for mercy’s sate,’ imolmei Dess, catching ho!d of the still's arm, •'don't leave me !" “Papa,” she says, “ I see the carriage fiomNivernois Court coming down the lane.” “ Well, little one, ’taiu’t likely it’s oomiug here,”'replies Jacques. “Wo don’t haye visitors from Nivernois Court.” “ Sit down snd eat that bowl of porridge,” nninroands the dame, severely. .loste is an obedient girl, snd she loves this stern, sensible “cams,’ go she begins to isf her porridge with that vigor of will vrisich is hor great ohavaetcristio. But the clatter of hoofs and wheels in the yard very soon puts an end to the frugal evening Jacques starts up from the table and runs to the door, followed by his wife, but Josie hangs back, with an eager look in her eyes, and a vivid bloom on her round oheeks. It is the carriage from Nivernois Coart,and amii the silken cushions sits Lord St. Aubyn himself. Ho leans out and looks inquiringly about, and his eyeB catoh sight of Josie, who has approached the window. She nods and makes a swift and silent gesture. “ Now, my good friend,” epeaks out the marquis, assured by her gesture that all is right, and addressing Jacques, who stands bareheaded and astonished before him, “ can you give me your attention for a few minutes 1 If you can, I think I have some thing to suggest that may prove a benefit to us both.” • - " I am at your service, my lord,” replies Jacques.' “ Can’t you ask hts lordship to get down, nnd walk in?” cries the dame,re provingly. “ X; supposo I might. My Jord, will you get down nnd como in?” c: No,” replies his lordship, blandly. “ Vou just step up here and take a seat beside mo, and we’ll drive out towards Mount Chateau roux, and you shall hear what I ba7e to say on the way.” JaequcB leaps up, aud is soon seated upon the silken cushions, in rather a dubious manner, and the grand carriage, with us blooded bays, rblls'idowly away.' The dame shades her eyes with her hand and looks curiously alter it. <* Now what doc3 his lordship want, I’d liko to know ?" she mutters. “And ten to one Jacques won’t let a word out when he comes home, he is so close- mouthed.” Joeie watches the handsome equipage, too, and when it disappears, runs into the house, with a flushed fece. and begins to gather up the supper dishes in au eager and excited manner, tbnt confirms the dams in her ides that “orazy” is a catching malady. Meantime the Nivetnois carriage nears the great iron gate3 ol the madhouse, and Lord St. Aubyn gazes out towards the grim tur rets'with a strango thrill, half horror, half blissful expectation, at his heart. Can it be true that the little girl that beloved, as he shall never love another living woman, lan guished a prisoner in that horrible place? It must bo all a delusion. Lady Cassandra could never have done such a heartless deed. Hut ho muGt go on—he must see the end of it. I He turns to the wondering peasant at his 11 Now, my man, to come to tho point at onco, would you like to change your occupa tion ?” “.Yes,.my lord, for better pay,” replieB Jacques, unhesitatingly. Hie lordship nods approvingly. “ Well, I want a head groom at Nivernois Court. You understand about horees? Very well, whatever your pay ia, I’ll double it. Will that do?" Jacques looks up, amazed. “My lord, you ore very kind—” “ No,” interrupts St. Aubyn, “ I want you to do me a la7or, and this is one of my in ducements. Here is another." lib takes from liis pocket a green silk, purse; filled to the clasp with glittering gold, and puts it in the keeper’s hands. *• Now,” he says, before tho man has had time to speak, *“ I’ll name my favor, my good fellow. 1’vo a friend up there”— pointing towards the' dark turrets of the \Ttfa3hdnSo—“ a dear friend. She's a deli cate, tender .girl”—his voice'shaking—“and she'was pledged to be my wife. They told I me she died, and for two years I’ve mourned | for her. To-day I find she’s in there—not mad, mind you, but a prisoner, buried Tie stops end wipes the great drops from his asben brow, while Jacques stares at him Jn wonder. ■ - “Now,” continues St. AubjD, “I might demand her—force them .to give her up to mo; but that takes .-.time, you see, aud would cause trouble and delay. . All this I muBt avoid, and I must have her ■ but this night. Will you help me ?" “ Wliat'can I do ?” inquires JacqueB, help lessly* ... “ Let the gate remain open to-night, only for a short time, and shiit'your eyes and CBts to all you see and hear. The rest will be mauagod by others. So take the gold, and keep it for a. marriage-portion for your pretty; black-eyed daughter. You'll do it—a deed of rneroy?” Jacques muses a moment, his eyes on the plethorio puree, his brain busy with Josio’s future.;; then he looks up, and answers stoutly: ■ . Yes, my lord, I’ll do it.” “ Spoken like a man !• Aud when do yon come to livp at Nivernois Coflrt V' “ Tbo first of tho month, my lord.” ‘‘Very well. Drive mo haok, now, Ed-' _T?he carriage rolls hack tho way it came, ’akd-Jacques gets out at .his own door.. “For mercy’s sake, husband,-What did liie lordship want ?” cries the dame the instant1 he entora the house. ' ' - “Nothing," responds Jacques, quietly, “ only we’re going* to Nivernois Court the firBt of the month." "To live?” excitedly shrieks the nmnzed woman. Jacques only nods; but Josie oan read his face like a book, and she sceB that all is A great, lioatBe bell, in one of the grjrn : turrets of Mount Chateauroux, tolls for mid l night. Silence as of tho grave reigns within i and around the queer old place. A solitary BCD Lin el pacc3 up and down the long corridor Lli a 5 faces the aidless linu of ceila, but tho uoora^ ai'3 all go strongly and so securely iockeo, and the inmates havo been bo ad mirably trained under the rule of Dr. Leuoir, tbafe no outbreak or attempt to ecoapo is an ticipated, and it io no unusual thin" for the guard of the hour to slumber at Me poat> ieantug against one of the huge stone pillars^ | °r seated in tbo old leather arm-chair at the end of the corridor. The guard dozes now, sitting in the ohair, with his feet elevated high above hiB head, and a long-stemmed pipe in his month dozes nud puffs away again at intervals, taking all the oomfort to himself that his situation affords. if is trained ear osn catch tea faintest sound, and on an instant’s warning he woulu do tip and in pursuit of any poor' soul-who shoula be foolhardy euough to attempt an escape. . In her o≪ down below, on her knees, in tbo dead, hot (’tr'tneee, with' the ' little Bhming key clasped in her thin white hands, poor Bess waits and watches. hoard the bell toll lor midnight, and, like a devout nun counting her beads, ebe kneels there trying to count the laggard momenta te they pp.es. In an hour’s time, as nearly as bIio can tell, sho must mako tje attempt. She knows too well, if she sheuid fail, no other ohancewill ever come to her ; and she lifts her wan face in tile dark ness, and nelis God to help her, as a helpless little child might ask an earthly father. Ob, to breathe the free, pure air odce more; to be away from all these poor, witless faces to £Cfc oufc into the world, and make her way buck to the old cantonment, anditoltedruend ■vjatew:.aream, aa-euo .ju.o-*o there; that hag been her dream for over two lone yearn. Strangely enough, all tbo yearning of her imprisoned heart go out towards the old, faithful love of her girlhood. She scarcely ever thinks of the man who held her later promise to become bis wife, Lord St. Aubyn. He seems to have beenlost to her with all that brief, feverish life she led at Mount Storm House, and she has no wish to reclaim him, her old life r.nd her earliest luvo fill her •soul so completely. . _ She risc-3 to her feet in the solemn, silent j darkness, and grogingwith her hands, after some little trouble elio inserts tho key in the . look. It fits; sbe turns it with a slow, noise less motion, and her prison door is open. 1’or one short instant she stands gaBpiug for breath, a dull, roaring Bound in her ears, a tremor in her limbs. But she remembers Josie and Josic’a warning, and her strength returns to her as suddenly as it went. She takes the key from the look, slips out, and closing the cell door, she locks it from the outside, removes the key, and hides it in her Then she starts down the long, black corridor with a step like the wind. A dim light glimmers at the far end, revealing ihe double lino of cells, and the guard dozing and smoking in the old chair. She flits along like a shadow, end has al most reached the far end, her heart throb 'bing violently as bIionears the guard, when all Bt once the dap over one of tho oell win dows flies up, and a wild, woeful face peers out, the face of a mauiao womnu. Her blood shot eyes glare out into the semi-gloom, and light on Bess?.3 Bhe lies along, and then a wild shriok rings cut upon tho silence. “ There she goes ! Catch her—■ catch her! There goes the pale-feecd ghost!” The guard is on his feet in an instant, and dashing down towards the cell. Half a dozen keepers, roused by tho uuububI outcry, start up in different directions and hurry to the spot; and poor Bess, rnoro dead than alive, totters on till ehe reaches the old chair, and then, with tho instinct of a wild creature brought to bay, she crouches down behind it. 