THE WESLEY GHOSTS. (" Daily Nkws.") The Wesley Ghosts are always being re vived, with all the curiuus questions which tlioy suggest. The latest appearance is in a memoir of Susanna Wesley, by Miss Eliza Clark (W. H. Allen and Co.) The book is nob very carefully printed, as the first ocld occurrences at the Wesleys'-house, Epworth Rectory, arc dated 1810. Of course 171C is the dh.te. The stories maybe examined or.co more, and compared with similar marvels reported elsewhere. The thing to be ex plained, or admired, is the concensus of evidence from the most remote quarters. Either such disturbances as annoyed the Wesleys are actually in the nature of things, or humanity everywhere shows a marvellous concord in lying and in imposture. Lying is quite out of the question in the case of the Wesleys, the most robust scept imam can not swallow that, hypothesis. Imposture, of course, on this part of children or servants lias to be allowed for, but (hen we are con fronted with a curious unanimity in impos ture. Incas, Buddhists, Mohammedans must all practise the very tricks of Robin, tlie Wesleys' man, or of the Wesleys' maid. Samuel Wesley the younger was in London when the troubles began. His mother wrote to thank, him for a lettei, as she had been anxious about him. In December, 1711! the maid—a new maid—had heard dismal groans at the door of the diningroom. Soon after several of the family heard a strange knocking, sometimes in the nursery, some times in the garret—where the children and servants were, in fact. Then "it" took to knocking near the bed of Mr. Wesley, who had not previously heard "it." Mr. Wesley, u questioned it if it were Sammy," but it was not Sammy. The younger Samuel, much interested, suggested rats. But tho rats, previously troublesome, had been ex pelled by blowing a horn. The horn was tried again, but only seemed to arouse ita ambition. " I was entirely convinced." says Mrs. Wesley, " that it was beyond the power of any human being"—still more that of rats—"to make such strange and various noises.'' Tho sounds were usually nearer TIetty, one of tho children, than the rest. There is very often a little girl whom it particularly affects. In his "Demonology, i Scott mentions a little girl who produced the noises, and made things fly about with in genious arrangements of horse-hair lines. Hetty was found guilty of no such contri vances. The noises were frequent wli 11 tho prayer for the King was read. Mrs. Wesley was a Jacobite, but it is absurd to suspect Mrs. Wesley of being the impostor. She herself was thrice "pushed by an invisible power." The mastiff was always dreadfully frightened, dogs being notoriously .supersti tious. They see ghosts, and, in Homer, see gods invisible to mankind. The mastiffs evidence is very good. Sukey Wesley men tions that her father's trencher "danced upon tho table a pretty while without anybody's stirring the table." These noises lasted foe thirty-four years, and became merely a bore and a weariness of the tlesh. About 100 years later the rector at Epworth was driven out of the house by the unexpected hububb. This is the Wesley story. That any servant; should keep up such it senseless disturbances for thirty four years seems almost out of tho question. We now turn to similar troubles elsewhere. One of the oddest is in the report of a Spanish missionary in Peru, one of the earliest missionaries. It i.s published by tho Hakluyt Society. The victim was ;i chief, or cacique, who was on the point of being converted. There were the usual noises, stones were thrown about the hotiso by invisible hands, and the cacique's drink ing vessel was lifted by no seen agency and set down empty ? This case may be illus trated by Bishop Callaway's Zulu converts, who were persecuted \>y exactly the sumo visions as St. Anthony and other early Chris tians. Something must be allowed for agita tion of mind in fresli converts. The dancing of Mr. Wesley's trencher corresponds to various phenomena. In a private letter from Lahore, in 1870, a traveller mentioned a UhuddistHigh Priest in North-west China who i.s " said to have the magic power of attracting cups and plates from a distance, and things fly through the air into his hands." In Colonel Yule's " Marco Polo" is quoted the report of a incdi;eval traveller, who saw the cups go about, of their own motion, afc the Court of the King of Delhi. He also witnessed other performances even moro marvellous, but these belong to a different branch of the subject. For example, one Yugi squatted in the air, and the slipper of another beat him on the neck in that atti tude. In a little work called " Obeah," lately published, are amazing accounts of decents of stones into a house ; they "camo from above," and were repeated at intervals for days. Disturbances exactly like those in the Wesleys' house occurred at Glenluce, in Scotland, about 10(i0. They were minutely recorded in " Satan's Invisible World Dis covered," by Professor George Sinclair, or of Glasgow. The instance of tho Drummer of Ted worth, at Mr Mompesson's house, is too well known to be quoted. Everyone has heard of "the Fox girls" in America, bub whether the Fox girls are good evidence or not is a question for the inquirer to decide upon. A farmhouse in the North of Scot land was worried exactly as the Wesleys were annoyed only a year ago. The mat tress behaved in an unusual and disorderly manner; was cut open and examined, and seb to work as violently as ever wheii' it had been repaired. A case very like the Wesleys, but of brief duration, disturbed Sir Walter Scoft, it Abborsford, when the house was inhabited, but not finished. On two nights there was a dreadful racket, 113 if the heavy furniture was being dragged about. Scott hnnt Jtiilrl "RpjiiyIia'r nr»<l Bolt u^ight And ready to fight, explored llie premises. lie found everything in its place, and all quiet. His architect oi upholster in London chanced to die on ono of W'ese noisy nights. Mrs. Wesley expected to hear of her son's or brother's death when the knot-kings began ; but Sammy was alivo and well, and nothing was ever heard about the brother, who was in India. Occasionally, as in ati example already mentioned, and perhaps in the Woodstock performance.'), the human agent in the affair has confessed or has been discovered. Ho has followed by mechanical means the general tradition as to how this kind of tiling should bo done. Much more frequently, . as afc Wesleys, in Glenluce, at Abbot.sford, no cause of the troubles has been found out. The Psychical Society seem to "have mado little or nothing of this pleasing study. Wo are left to make our choice between aimless imposture, prolonged for many, years, or tliu existence of forces about which we know no thing. .The latter is the more agreeably hypothesis. The visible earth has almost all been explored. We know a disenchanting amount about the moon and even the stars. Fancy would have no empty waste, or common, if we could quite explain away tho tribulation of the Wesleys. Therefore, many people will believe in "it" as long us they can. "It" has not been caught and classi fied. The bogies of the ancients cannot have been rats, because the rat was unknown to the Greeks and Romans. This is a reassur ing circumstance. 