-' wilSdonville. August 13th. Among the theories whicli scientific men advance from time, there is one at least which finds very little favor here just now, aud that is Mr. E^esnn's concerning ; the promised drought; but the cold weather we have had lately, winch. all here feel so keenly and suffer from in various ways, such as colds, neuralgia, chilolaius, &c.; , really makes one begin to think of premature age and in hrmties, or that Old bol after throwing off his light and heat giving rays so long is ex hausting the supply. We shall scout that theory before the end of next March probably, but still we would like to borrow a little of the heat and sunshine of next summer. Our roads are getting_badly cut up, and the monotony of driving is relieved by the varying experiences of ruts, pools, and bogs. A' little is being done in the way of roail . making; :I saw -some 'ol your'Laufa boys revelling in a gloriously muddy little spot on the edge of the Appila plain last' week ; but tlierei I suppose they felt quite at home ' for they say, '' Habit is second: nature, ' and I have heard that you have mud in abundance. at Laura. Some of the early crops are looking splendid, especially those on the plains,- aud 6ome heavjr yields may be expected next harvest. .'??.? The- local ghost has kept very quiet lately. Those most interested say it has paid them a quiet visit or two , without doing any damage, however ; and an evident desire to drop the subject does not increase our respect for the: visitor from the land of spirits. : The meeting of the Blue Ribbon Army was held last Monday week, and in spite of the cold, which was severe enough to make -one feel blue anywhere, the best attendance for the . .r year, .was recorded. The following .programme was carried out: — Mr. Whibley (chairman), address ; Mr. Kimber, address ; - Instrumental Solos, Miss Cockshell and Lily Wait ;\Recitatioiis, Jane Catford, Arthur Clogg, Mr- 'T« HWke, Miss King, Rose Catford, Sydney! Catford, Lewis Cockehell, and Mr.- Kiniber; Headings/ Mr. Whibley, Edith UppilL and Miss Cockshell ; Duet, Misses Kemp and Cuppper ; Songs, Misses £. Hawke, Lottie Wait, and Kemp/ Eight pledges were taken at the close — five adults and two children, and we have quite a respectable pledge -roll. - 