AN American Monte ' Cristo. j ALL EIGHTS EESEBVED.] A ROMANCE: By Jotian HA^rrnoirvE.. SYNOPSIS 03? PRECEDING CHAPTERS. riarTyTrent.awealtliydianiondmercliant, is discovered, murdered' in a lonely liouse he has been completing in the suburbs. At the time of his death his friends ex pected that lie would marry his cousin, Olympia Raven, or a New Orleans widow, Mrs. bailie Matchin. Suspicion of the murder rests on ii.eppel Darke, a young artist, in love with Miss Eaven. He is sentenced to prison at hard laljor for life. Mrs. Matchin announces in court that she was secretly married to Mr. Trent. We now see Keppel Darke handcuffed to Frank Munroe, the detee'dvej-on his way to Sing Sing. As he is brooding over his miserable future he observes a young man sleeping at th-i end g£ the car who is a per fect image of himself. Keppel envies the peaceful repose of the young man, who is probably on his -way to a happy home. In the midst of his reveries the train is 'wrecked, and when he wakes to conscious ness the detective is dead at his side. To - iiud the key of his handcuffs and free him self is the work of a. moment. He is turn ing away, when his eyes fall on the body of the young man who looked so much like him lying dead in the debris. A sudden thought flashes over him. He exchanges clothes with the unknown and locks the loose handcuff around his wrist ; then, satisfied with his work, he walks away. He arrives at the nearest station in time ?to catch a train to New York, and examines the stranger's papers as soon as he reaches it restaurant. 'j He finds the de'fid man' 'was' ' Burton Fairfax, and there is a '?paper in the pockets with later details of the Trent murder ease. The will of the diamond merchant lias been discovered in a bureau drawer in a. Philadelphia hotel. All his property is left to his wii'e, Sarah Athea Trent, thus proving Mrs. Matchin's claim in court that she 'eras his wife. Iso mention was made of the annuity of 8000 dollars to Mrs. itaven and her daughter. A ciphor letter that no one conld inter pret was found on Mr. Trent's person wJien discovered. It was_;penned in a French hand. Keppel resolves to try and find the real murderer, and some instinct leads him to a wild spot on Long Island. Overtaken at night he reaches a lonely house. It is occupied by a man dying of yellow fever. He arrives in time to behold the curse of Solange fulfilled on Dupont. The man dies, and Darke learns his iden tity through a cipher letter. He buries the body in a creek, and finds the treasure concealed in a box of wax fruit under the mattress in the hut. Lawyer Ban wick's ofnee in New York is the next scene. He receives a visit from Count de Lisle, a fabu lously rich foreigner, 'who engages his special services as agent and lawyer at 10.000 dollars per month, and requests him. to purchase the palace occupied by the late Henry Trent. The Count learns that Olympia Raven is supporting herself by painting, and lives with Lawyer Banwick. After the interview the lawyer goes home to tell his family of his change in fortune and of the Count. De Lislemakes Oiympia Raveirs acquaint ance, learns of her love for Keppel Darke, which she still treasures, although he is supposed to be deed. The count arranges to give a great bail in his new house, Mrs. Henry Trent, nee ilrs. Sallie Matchin, is to assist him to entertain. Before the guests arrive he shows her into a room esiDecially fitted up for her benefit. She realises at that moment th?it it is the very room in ?which her husband was found inurdered. She shudders. At that moment raising her eyes to the mirror she sees reflected in its depths the shadow. form of Keppel Darke. She shrieks aloud and staggers forward. Count de Lisle knocked at the door. For a minute or two there was no answer. He knocked again. - Mme. . Trent,' he said, ' pardon me for disturbing you, but the guests are beginning to arrive.' The door was opened slowly. The beau tiful Sallie stood there, pale, with dis tended eyes. She stared at him as if she hardly- realised liis presence. But after a moment she put out her hand arid clutched him by the sleeve. She drew him. into the^ loom. 1 Why did you put me here ?' she said, iii a husky voice. 'What was it?' ' Are you ill ? Is -anything . wrong ?' he' asked, anxiously. ' 'That mirror !' she continued- * I saw — I thought . . . Oh ! what Tras it ?' A tremor passed through heryandTiher teeth chattered. * The mirror ?' he repeated, Io6king per plexed. - . Slip turned as if ?with an effort and gave & glance toward it. The room was full of light. The fire burned cheerfully;':- The antique mirror reflected, their two figures, .standing together in the doorway. ..After & pause, she gave a faint laugh, and put her hand to her head. « I was asleep, I suppose ; it must have 'been a dream—a nightmare. Dead men are dead ?' and she laughed again, ' You are not well,' he said. * You had better lie down on the bed for an hour or two and rest. I will see that you are not disturbed. I will receive the guests my self.' ' Rest in that room,' she exclaimed. She gave him a very scorching glance. * You were speaking about ghosis a while ago,' she observed. ' Any one would think you had a presentiment. . . ' . Ah, well ! You'll think I'm out of my head. Come, I am ready. Don't be afraid, dea.r Count. I shall be equal to the emergency.' In fact, she recovered her self-possession -very rapidly, and was even more alert than usual. The incident of the mirror had aroused every latent quality, good or evil, in her nature. And Her mind, which was strongly materialistic and logical in its Lias, applied itself with a sort of angry heat to the consideration of the mystery. She did not believe in g-hosts, and she had not been asleep. Yet she had seen in the mirror the refiection-^or, as it seemed, the actual figure of Keppel Darke. As she had sprung toward it, it had vanished, and she had found herself gazing at her own frightened eyes in the mirror. 'What was it? She had heard of hallucinations, visions, cerebral impressions — there 'were names enough ; but the more she thought of this experience of hers the more con vinced she was that it was real. She had seen a real, substantial figure ; and its face -was that of Keppel Darke. But how was that possible ? Was not Keppel Darke's dead body found in the railroal wreck, handcuffed to the dead body of the police oiiicer ? No matter 5 this was either Keppel Darke, or it was some one who exactly resembled him. Whichever it were, the bearing of his appearance to her would be substantially the same. It could have been no accident ; there was a plan and a pur pose behind. Some power hostile to her was at work. Was the Count aware of it? How-.-oould he but be aware of it f Then he was her enemy — her deadly enemy ! And he had invited her here, and had plaeed her in that room, with the premedi tated design of ? Well, of what? Of giving her a scare ?? No, not that. ' Of giving her warning of battle — throwing down the gauntlet ? Hardly that, either. * It is no use my trying to fathom his motives yet,' said Sallie to herself. * I must wait and watch. Perhaps he meant only to try an experiment on me ; he has some problem to solve, and would test it by mj behavior. But what concern has he with Keppel . Darke ? What is the object of Keppel Darke himself ? — if what I saw was really 'he^ Count de Lisle would be a powerful friend — and a terrible enemy! There is almost nothing that a man of nis resources could not accomplish. Yes, and cannot I, too, accomplish something ? Have not women no more beautiful or clever than I worked miracles before now r And after all, I have nothing to fear. Keppel Darke may come back from the grave, if he will j but Harry Trent will not. And even if he did ... So glad to see you, Mrs. Vanderdonde! Great pleasure, Miss Fitz Murray ! Your wife unwell, what a pity, Mr. Roylance ! Yes, like a fairy palace.' For, all the while that Sallie was de bating a matter of vital interest to herself, she had been standing near the entrance to the drawing- rooin, with Count de Lisle on her left hand, receiving and exchanging amenities with one group or individual niter another of arriving guests. Every body knows how readily this duality of nature developes itself when any power ful impression is workiftg on the mind. The soul so selUoni has any part in the farrago of conventional and automatic things that we daily say and do, that when by chance it is aroused, it can. attend, to its affair without being in the least disturbed by the din of external things. Sallie, ac cordingly, smiled and chatted fully as well as usual, while her real thoughts 'were ranging to and fro through the past, and questioning the future in a manner that those who saw her standing there in the soft light, glowing and sparkling, would have been astonished to even suspect. Civilisation seldom can show a fairer scene than lay before Sallie's eyes that evening. The guests seemed to have done their best to render themselves harmonious ?with their environment. The beautiful girls 'were never so beautiful before ; the women with taste in dress were never so tastefully dressedas this night ; the women with jewels never before so shone and glit tered. As for the men, they could, not array themselves in ..silks and satins, as they might have clone a hundred years earlier ?;. but they made up for their plain black and -white by 'wit and gocd humor. Everybody 'was feeling inte rested- There hadfromthe first been curi osity to see how the Count 'would manage his ?' entertainment, and this curiosity had now. takes, on a deeper and livelier tone. The company felt that ' It ;was .going to pass an -evening that it would remember, and that, whatever expecta tions might be aroused, the Count was quite able to surpass them, without much exerting himself. Everything went for ward easily and 'without hiteh j and the Count was the most unconcerned and eare-free person in the house. He never' gaye an order, or eeemed to have a thought save of pleasure at the pleasure of his guests. His bearing was pronounced per- ' feet by the best criti.ee -present?— anid some formidable ones were fthere — and in addi tion he appeared far more genial and con versable than heretofore. Evidently he was one of those characters that develop upon acquaintance. The ladies soon fell in love with him ; his house 'was so nice j he 'was so nice ;: — and so incon ceivably rich. The men all liked him none the less. It is riot difficult to like a man who entertains you so charmingly and cour teously, and who, as far as society is con cerned, is simply an inexhaustible mine of enjoyments. Within ten minutes of the appointed hour, every guest invited was either in the house, or awaiting their turn to enter. The door by which they came in was in close proximity to the dressing-rooms, 'where the most skilful of lady's maids and valets left the guests nothing to do but to stand still and be put in order. A broad hall led through a pair of semi-transparent curtains to the reception-rooms. When all were as sembled, twenty-five beautiful boys, about 12 years old, and as many giris, dressed in Eastern fashion, appeared, and passed among the company, carrying trays on which were little cups of pure crystal, con taining an aromatic beverage : it was too exquisite and ethereal to be a cocktail, and besides the ladies drank it ; but its effect was marvellous ; it worked a change of heart in every one, and a change for the better. Following up this success, the boys presented bouquets to each of the ladies, in a holder of wrought gold filigree, with her initials -worked in it, while the young girls gave a buttonhole of similar design in miniature to the gentle men. Hereupon a sound like a peal of silver bells rang softly. close at hand, and on all sides, yet invisible, was heard ; the broad doors leading to the dining-hall were withdrawn, and the fragrant splendor of that freshly created apartment aawned upon the company. As they passed the threshold music was heard, delicate and remote, as if the flowers were singing together. Such a feast should begin with nothing less delicate than nightingales' tongues, and 'wind up with ai-ples of the Hesperides. (TO .BE CONTrNCED* 