A SINGULAR COURTSHIP. BY AV. C. 1'. Oun modern civilisation hlas devised many novel methods whereby those who are mnatrimonially inclined may secure hus bands or-wives* but we venture to say tlhat, amoigst thoso whom singular acci ldents ormatrimnonial'agencies Ihavobrought to etlher, it would be" difficult to find any whose fate lhas been determined by a more remaurkable conjunction of circuinstances than that described in the following narra ýtios E~ry- iiliii;~thisis~~iisssularcliain'-,s~ ii foiged- byatsj1orstition, mid-'yet, as things turned oit,~l dcllemded htippil . Mtljan y Yars`go, there lived at 1iittl English villnge of Bakewell, in Derbyshire, a quiet labouring fanily of the name of Arnold. Thie old an and his wife han one daughter, Annie, a bright-eyed, dark-haired girl of sixteen. She was good-looking, and tidugl piossessed of many feminiine graces, she could almost do a masculine amount of work, and was therefore a greatsupportto ier father and mother. She could manage farm woilrk of most sorts, anld when that was not to be had, she would find something to employ berin a neighbouring mine. Neces sarily she came into contact with a good many of the rougher sex, and, being a good-natured, willing girl, hail already made several conquests over their suscep tible hearts, but had never yet seen the one she would have liked to marry. In those days, superstition was at its height, and any difliculty that wanted solving was submitted to the power of spells for divination. Most of the ignorant implicitly believed in their efficacy, and practised them to a great extent. Annie was no excepltion and, young though sliewas,she h5lfr5ibO5 desire to know liar future fate. Once she had even exhorted a priest who passed that way to solve the secret for her, buit lie warned lher not to tempt the Virgin or pry into the iunknown. Gipsies had told her fortune, but it was never fulfilled. All manners of charms and incantations had she tried, yet without success; but for all this she did not despnir, and placed as much trust in every succeeding trial as she had done in the first. Oni St. Tlhomnas's Eve, she took the pro scrilbed but unpoetical large red onion, and stuck nine 1sins in it, according to the custom. Thlis she did by making a little circle of eight of tlhenm, and placing the ninth in the middile, naming it "true love." This she put undet liher pillow, and repeated the all-powerful verse: " Good St. Tlhomas, do me right, Send me my true love to night, In hlis clothes and his array. Which lie wesreth every day." That night, in happy dreams, she saw the young ia who was to be liher future lhus hand; limt the features were strange to liher, though lie wore labouring clothes. Ever after, she looked intently at every freshl face, to discover a likeness to lher vision, but without success. When New Year's Eve came roiund, she invited some of hler young friends to come and join in merry homely pastimes. All sorts of curious games they played, anil the pllansanit joke phasedl freely round in a manner that wouldl put to shame many of the sham, cold, and uncomfortable receptinis of the present dlay. As a conclusion to the eveninig's entertainment, Annie brought out a large substantial dish, filled with what was culled a cold posset, of liher own making. It was imade of mill, ile, eggs, currants, anid slpice; and lastly, but not least, her motlher's wedding-ring was thrown in. Then each guest toolk a ladleful out, and in so doing attempted to citell the ring. for whlnever did so was certain to lie mir iied before the next year was out. WYhether Anni haid pirepared it with a charml or not, certain it is tlhatsha was the luckyone who fished up the ring; and loud were tihe con gratulatio ns on all sides, for she was much ibeloved by lher companions. These repeated predictiois only increased liher curiosity, and sale lost no opportunity of further solving liaher destiny. Oin St. Valentines l)siy, therefore, she peeped through the keyhlole before oJiening the outer door, in the hope of seeing two or more persons, in which case soe would have a sweetheart very soon. lBnt better still, she saw a cock anld lien, which denoted, according to Derisyslhiro belief, that she would be married before the year was out:s Eiverytliing seemed to concur in promisinig lier mnnarried felicity that year, and yet, in quisitive girl, she did not knowwhlio was lier sweetlheart I She was sure it was no one she liadl ever seen before,for the face in lier dream wuss totally different from asmy she could remember. Thitus time went oin, and she wiis nowiser tlhan ever. lidsummer Eve had arrived, and she determinei d to carry out a bolder project tian any also hail before attempted, to confirm liher foimer dreams. It was one which very few girls dare do, andi the last one that had pierformed it five years before was a wild runaway whom they did not care to emulate. Bliut Annie wias a brave girl, and dlared to attemnpt it for her own satisfaction. iere parentsiwere not averse to it, but let her have her own way, fore seeing no harm; they placed great trust in the girl, and so feared nothing, The chanrm she intelndedl to perform was this: to go to thie churchyard at midnighlt, and wheni the clock struck twelve, to run a similar nuimber of times round the church, repeating: " sow hlmpseoodl-hempaseed I sow, lie that loves me best, Come after me and mow." Tie figure of the young. woman's- lover is lhesn supposed to appear and follow lier. As the timn piproached sue felt rather nervous; but being a girl of good spirit,a11o bIraced herself upfor thlie 6occansioni ind at hlilf-pait elevei o'clock bade "Good-nighit" to her father and ,mothei, witllh i cheerful heart. . Although superstitious, slh wiss not afraid, . aidj iad often gone. at night to strniigo places wvhere a uann would hiav(e fearel to venture near. hut a chuIIrchsyard at midsighit is not is -ery consgonissl spot, though upomi this nighst the moon shone brilliantly, anu sl1iecould seo tlhe olut church quite pliinly in thie distance. Though fanscyinmg else saw figures flitting herd asid there as Ishe moon was tempuoranriy obscured. by the whiitcefleecy'cloumda soe went on un daunted till sho reaclsed the little porch, and tIme gate crealkel open at lier touch. Though same was alond, and almost wishlimig she hiad-not come, hIai curiosity and pride resolved lier. She waited uneasily till tIme old bell clanked out its dismal sound-thie ghostly signal of spirit-revelry-and time winld rustled in tIme trees. with ass eerie souiigh. hound siud round the old familiar granvyard slo sped, pIeering into thes dark shadows she was ussable to.oametrate, and trombling- tith.- excitdmiesit, .Once slie stoppesi and looked intently at the shadow; of a tall shirubmh where she thought she saw somna bodily form, ier imagination was so strong thsit alsoe could make out the features soe hash seen in ler dream ; but the moon gleaming forth at that montent, dispelled the illusion. Vexed withl:ier dissppdint isent, soe again sped on, constrniing every shadow imito a spectre. Slie 1usd beemi renid eldivemi timeius, and s lwis despnaiimng of suc cess, whiesi in time moonslighlt she saw, this tisse quite plainly, the fIgure of. a-young nsan wliose fnsce seemid to resemmible t~hatof lier drnnam. lie woro eydisniry worlimig clothes, slnd was wptchiiiig hlir iii imitense -excitemienst. I was no ghost, but -a real live hliuman hieing, She sto01pel;, breathless, whlile theo Souiigsimsss,aeemisshlyl~l s0Ieslierste, wislkedl touvanirla liar. Shle shsil motreol bmt wiiited Isis spiuronchi. Nearer and nearer lie eamisus, isid, all hiss featulres -5l~' hierard fasmlilhimr to hir.e At' lust hu'e touiched liar, ansd tCle.faoeimsc tiinig shell sias broklen; b ial were thesn perfectly cer luin of flue otlier's bodily existemice. 1li was ass homiest, frsnki face, amid s1e trusted huim i mustinictively. Ito wvaus delighted wvithi lier modest beauty; isud a serihs of smisitussil ax Pilhuusations followed; and sifter a little ilifhiculty hle fathossed thue secret of tCle blushui~ girl. ioth considcred it a shecre of fate tilsut they haid thus set, sulan plighitesl ihieir. klnppi':y troth iin the old chiurclsyaruh, sesuingi it \ihhi ii timie-hsonioumreil hubs. nlil dnppiarpcae, however, at Clue cliurchl was slime to ass esitirely diiffremst cailssi. whuicjp lie exsplaimlo to sniia as le joyfully led lier fo . lir hsomse, Iliis naiuse wise Ii srdl lanslouim, and hie lived it flue little vilhuugec of Shiehldon, foulr mnIles off; hult c iuriouisly amiousgis il mieviur hsafora seesm Annii or also humiss, thossughs lie hushd luoen to hal~uikell aevarui Cusses - iefore. lIe hlash I seen frfenisi ci. astely fromi thin e ihiloso uhsy hef~yl 'ig pals, tootlach', for i ulng tinue, sis hail uneccssfuilly tried miansy mniussa tocmure it. The last cure he husah usttesmpleled was orinepeculiar to Dirrblyshire, .the iusui.n b ainsig siupioes to be caus5'l by a wormu anhld hleief smentiomued 1y Shiuuheaslp esre ihu Much Asia abuofut Ntitihimy'. To extract it they have recourse to a cursoums miethmoul: a. smsill qisasitity of dried aunsi powdered herbs is placed in a cup, and ila hot coal droppedon it; the sufferer then holds his or hecropen mouth over the cup, inhaling the smoke as long as it can be borne. Then the patient breathes ihard into another cup full of water, when it is saidl the grubl or worm can be seen in the water. This, how ever, Richard hIad tried without success, and was at a loss vwhat to do niext, whlen a new arrival from Durhamn told hlimn of another charm which was practised in that county.. This lie was only too glad to try, to cure if possilble the "love-pain," as they called toothache in tlheseo parts. The horrid charm was this: The patient must go to the churchyard at midnight and bite a tooth from an old skull; and the pain wouldleave hint for ever. We have seen ihow hie came to the churclhyardl, and how doubtless his "love-pain" left him, and by a much more agreeable process. Hie had seen the girl running round the church long before lhe reachled it, and had wondered whalint it could be. Then lie remembered the old Derby shire custom onahidsununer Eve, and deter mined to find out whether it was a spectre or not. The rest Annie knew, and how agreeably both had been surprised; and when they, arrived at her home, matters were explained to thie entire satisfaction of all. It was such coincidences as these, and sometimes perhaps preconcerted plans, that sustained thie old belief in these customs and superstitions. Many of the village girls were now amnbitious to try this sovereign aweetlheart charm, and for some years after- the churchyard at Ilakewell presented a lively "spectral" appearance on each MidsummcrEve. Annie'scuriosity was now satislled, and three months after her strange s:encontre she was nmarried to Richard Random at the ancient church she hnd so successfullycircled. Loild nid loig ,were the acclanations of joy that were raised in the village, and tihe old bell clanked with a merrier- tone than it had ever done before. All rejoiced Clint Ainic was happiy, though many wreaths of flowers were hung on the doors of her unsuccessful lovers, according to ibakewell custonm. It only remainis to add that Annie became ni dutiful wife, ujdl took events as they canie, without attenlpting to peer too far into the future; while Iitihard IRandom was never again troubled with thIe toothache or '"love pan." 