—j ———— ; — i j Sir Charles Lllley on Imperial : -i ' Federation;- j £ t By Electiuc Telegraph. Bhibuane, Sunday. \- Tho Briebano Telegraph publislios a letter by Sir Charles Lilloy, tho Chief Justice; to a friend, upon the subject of Imperial Fodora- tion. Sir Charles Lilloy expresses tho opinion that auy constitutional ohaiigo iu tho direction of olosor political union with the mother country would bo linschovous and would load to premature, violout, and mi- friondly separation, nnd to much misoty. | :Tho letter then refovs at great length to tho torriblo poverty existing in Sug- lalidj' and says that tho ardent ' sup- porters of Imporial Federation need novcr nope to assist Groat Britain to get rid of her surplus paupers by sonding them to Aus- 1 tralia. Those . who hold the wcnlth .of nations mnst boar its burdens, and Aus- : tralia will not relievo Groat Britain of hor paupors. itofarring to the promotion of Imperial Federation — Lorda Rosoborry, Carnarvon, and Cuvdinul Manning — tlio Chief Justice says tluit instead of dirocting their ability, energy, and knoivlodgo of affairs to tlie work of humanity and statesmanship which lies beforo tliem, theso gontlomon started in pursuit of Impotial Fedora tion — a phantom ivitli Iobh substanco than l'oppcr's famous ghost. What Australians dosiro, and will maintain, is tho right to dovolop national lifo as they will— unfettorod by restrictions from abroad, or from any cxtornnl authority. Referring to tho objects of Imporial Fodoration, tho writor de clares that tlio movement is pnrcly selfish, and in aid of British interests. Tho Lord Mayor of London had declared that it was bocatiso ho belioved that tho trado and oominorco of Groat Britain would bo largely aided by Imporial Fodoration that ho supportod tho movomont. Lord Carnarvon expects that tho outcome of our Intercolonial Fodoration would be another support to the old Mother Country, nnd Cnrdinal Manning says that the maxim of tho Roman Empiro was that "Rorao novor recedes," and England, too, lie hoped, would never recede, but would hold that which she had gained by indissoluble bonds, or in other words, writors say, by "Imporial fetters." It is tho hopo of Englishmen that Australia will holp them to coarco India, and to hold hor in subjection. Listening to the language of soma of theso mon at Home, wo may now reasonably apprehend that tho first armed cnomy of Australia will probably bo England with the Indian troops, at tho tost of tho wretchedly impovorised tax- ridden people of India. Australia should, wisoly lot hor prcscut friondly connection with England exist until wo .aro rovly to, incut any foo by land or watar. It is clear1 wo must prepare oursolves for any con tingency.: Tho writor in conclusion says:— "Lot our motto be then, in dependence, peneofuily nohiovod, if it may; but indopondonoo. If Englishmen arc wiso tlioy will bo content with tlio present Btato of their relations with Aus tralia, so long as they will last ; how long Australians will bo content it is impossible to say, for tboir indepondouco is not likely to remain long the condition of a powerful people.' .'It is not probablo that tlio Aus tralians . will submit to tlio English their - .rights— first, for tho English to hand -- them over to any foreign powor, by ' whom England may bo defeated, or even .to sell them into, a foreign domina tion,- second, to tho absoluto voto of t heir legislation j third, to the disposal of all their domestio and foreign affairs. Tho pressure of any schomo likely to hamper Australian dovelopmonts will lead hor to mcasuros of Bolf-uefence." Tho letter ox- tends over throo and a half closely printed newspaper columns, and is couched in very emphatic language. 