'i'iiN MONTHS' SUFFElilNG IN A HOSPITAL. THKBE is an old saymt'that physicians are a cUss-yt uie'i who pour drugSj.of iviiieU ih^y-k'H'W little, into bodies of which iliey kno^'Wsa. This is both true and umrue at iho same unit-. There are good una poor luivy^rs, anii coo.i and poor <3ucto-b. T'i.e trouble with tlie^e inedica! fjentltuieii as a protection n> iiia; they are clannish, and apt 10 be conceited. ! They don't like to be beaten at ilieir own tra,le ny outsiders wlio have never studied medieine. 'i'tiey therefore pay, l>y tlieir frtquent lailuiei, '-lie penalty of refusing instru aim) unless the "-Hclier bears their own " Hail Mark." An eminent physician—Dr. Brtnvn Siquartl, of 1 J lis—stales the-fuel uL'ourately wlien lie says : " themeiical profession »re so bound up in tlieir Seil- ctiitd-ienCc and conceit, that they allow the diamond truths of sefnue to tie picked up by persons entirely ouiside their ranks." We (iive a most interesting incident, v/inch illustrates this important truth. Toe steamship '». Concordia," of Itie Donaldson Line, sailed from Giasguw for Baltimore in 18S7 h»ving on board as a fireman a man named Kiohard Wade, of G.asgow. He hati been a fireuian lor fourteen years on various ships railing t» America Cnina, and India. He had. borne-the hard and exnuustuig labour, and- liad beeu healthy and strong. On the trip we now name he benan for the first liuie to teel weak ami jill. His appetite faiied and be suffered Jroin dro»lsinei?, heartburn,, a bad taste lit the uioutli, a.ill conslivencsa a,,<i irregularity ot the bowels: Sometimes "lien at, work he had attacks of tiiddiuess, but suppose') it to be eaused by tiie heat of tile fire-room.. Quite often he was tick and felt like vonililug aod ha,l some pain iu the head. Later during the pa"suse h= grew worse,.and when the ship reauHed Halifax he was placed in the Victorian General Hospital,' and the shin sailed away wiiiiout nliu., Xne House surgeon i;ave liiin some po'wlders to stop til,* voiiniing, and the next, day the yiaiung physician savi- inin u uiixture lo lake t-tfery four hours: Within two days Wade was so much worse than the doctors slipped both the powders and the mixture. A month passed, the pnor liieuiou geti,i.,g worse ami worse. Then came another doctor who was to be visiting physician for the next five months. He gave oilier medicines, but not much relief. Nearly all that time Wade suffered great torture; he digested nothing, throwing Up all he ate. There was terrible pain in tile, bowels, burning heat in the throat, heartburn, ; and rucking heaJac;,i.. The patient was now itskum a (uixture ev?rv iour bourn, powders oini after each mi-al' 10 diteit the fond, operating pillsjone every ni^ht, and temperature pills two eaen ni^ht to slojl llle Cold sweatr. 11 drui.-s could cure him at all. llicliard had an idea tlisi he "look enough t-i d.i it. Hui on the other hand pleuri«y eel ui iiinV^ doctor.i took ninety ounces of matte' J/om hu right side a ,d mid hi--, iic was sure lo die. Jfi,v nlonuis lii-.ie r.nled by, and li'-re was another' ensure of visiting . piiys:ciiii'^. Xne 11V-W One SJV, Wade » ni.xi.jri- ulncii ne san. made him Irani, e iihe a leaf on a h ee. At mis eil^is Wad-'s ciewtcll ulood asserted Mself. ile refused 10 SLond any n-ol'e iJOMMt!, and loid t'le duciori Uiat it tic imlsl Oie ile could die as well.without Ihedi as with Biein. 13y mis tune aeupot inilk would 7 turn sour on his stomach, auu- .ie there for days. Our fr end Irom Glasgow was lilce a wreck on u eiioal, last tfoing |» pi«.ee». VW Wiil let lilUk fell the lest uf his experience iu ihe words in which he communicated It to tile pres.. He says : When. I was in this state a lady whom I hod i.ever seen caii.e to the hospital and ialked wi»h me. She proved to be an an^el of mercy, lor without her I shoiild not now be alive. She told uie of a medicine called. * Mother Seigel's Curative Syrup,' and brought me a boiiie next day. I started with it, without consulting the doctors, and in only • a few duyn' iinie I was out ot bed calling for ham and, eggs llr breakfast, From li.at, time, iei-ping on wiili Aloihur hei^ei's yrtat remedy I got well fast, audi was soon able to leave the hospital and oonie home to Glasgow. I uow iaei. as if 1 was in another world, aod have no illness of any kind." The above facts are calmly and impartially stated md the reader may draw his own conclusion. We deeui it best to use no names, . although Mr. Wad= tjave them in his orijfin.il deposition. His address is 2-H, Stolijjrodd.SUeet, Glasgow, wiiere letters will reacn him. BIGAMY AT ALBUKY.—A case possessing some remarkable features Was"heaid at the Albury police court last week, when Frederic SfLwani Ki'eucll, a young man, was charged with hi(;amy. Kvidence .was given by Mr James Mitchell, painter, that accused was married at No. 6 Union-street, South Melbourne, to ilia {Mitchell's^, daughter on December 17, 1879. The parties • lived together for Ave years and three children were born of the marriage. Accused then became involved financially aud w'at declared insolvent, and soon afterwaids he ran away witu another woman. The wife applied for a divorce, which was refused for want oi sufficient evidence, but the court ordered a judical separation..' Mary Anu Kiug, dressmaker, residing at North Melbourne, deposed that 18.. months ago she was employed as forewoman iu a large drapery establishment in Melbourne, tflwu she inserted a,u advertisement tu a Melbourne paper iiatiug that she wished to correspond wiLh an eligible man, with j a view to uialiluioio. fjlie received 32 replies, land she selected accused from his photograph.. Ail appointment wan airau^eu, and accused showed iier a roll of notes, and 'wanted ' to be married wiinout loos of time. She protested, saying that tile insertion ot llle advertisement was only a workroom iack." Accused, however, ouu» tinned to pay Ills addresses, and ournaje was arranged, but in consequence of the opposition displayed by her parentis, It was decided mat llle-ceremony should late place at Albury.. Accordiujtly, she aud accused came lo. Albury on August 26, 18SS, and were married oy the Kev. G.. M.. Taylor,. Weoieyaii miuister. Accused before Hie ceremony rxpreseutiug himself as a w.idowier.. The pair returned to Alelbournt, and aeveu montbs afterwards she learned 'that accused had a wife livinn, and aiie then ordered him out of the house. Shortly afterwards shu came to Albury;. ami laid information auaiusi accused for brainy. The witness wad subj.'-eted to a.severe cross'-ezaiuination,, the justilicatiou being that she was aware before marrying accused that he nad;a wife living.. She admitted that since the issue of me warrant she had lived with accused in Hobari,,Coburg,.and oiher places, aud that she wrote letters lo him offering to leave with hnu for America. These letters,, she said, were written at the instigation of Defective Whit, uey,. who, wished to apprehend accused.. On the completion of her evidence the witness.Went into liysU-ric=,.aud had to be carried out ot the Court. Accused was commuted ior trial to, tile Circuit Court to be held on October A. disease in horses has broken out again ill the Wiudsor district,, aud these aunnals are dying ail rouud.. Tile l^,cai .auihonties ridicule the statement that the disease is caused by feeding on flooded corn, as hor<es mat never saw Hooded corn are aSected <juite as miicU us others.. IsTECOi.o;NXAi,Suiii;p Snow.—Tiie intercolonial esliibitioa <)f siieep, a sort of appaoage to the Agricultural Society's exhibition of three mouths ago, waa contiuued last week at the society's grounds, Moore JPark. Iu the forepart of the day the attendance of the general public was very slight indeed, so insignificant iu fact that it was- not worth while Having a formal opening. Sir John Eubertsou, president of the society. arrived,at noon for the purpose of declaring the shoij. open, a function which was apparently staved off to the luncheon tcble. wherj a few brief speeches were delivered. The stuck' of sheep exhibited is certainly not I erge,. hilt the ouality iu niany clashes is far ubt7e tas averge and tiie judges themselves even grew somewhat enthusiastic; in iwdi'dtng the champion prizes. The grutid championship iti rams was carried off uy Mr. F. C..outtur ' with a fine wooly animal called Cutniuoiioii.. It is of good ancestry, and certainly the best of the male kind upon the ground.. lib feuiaie companion iu these coveted honors is ail3. months ewe by Nugget, owned oy the Colliruy Company, Limited. ' Iu. some classes the judges had only oue eutry to deal with, and tbis was more embarrassing perhaps than if theyi bad • a round dozeu of exhibits lroui wliich to select the animals worthy of their commendation.. | The lightness of competition is however, liightiy attributed to the fact that this _ is the first year of the show, aud the laxity is not; likely to continue wheu -its scope aud objects j become more niauifest.. Trials iu sheep Uo^sl .were engaged iu the afteruoou, but were iieither | so excitiug uor diverting as on the previous day..! The aUeiidiiuce of the public largely increased towards p'.m.. Geueral interest was attracted by the exhibitions in sheep-shearing.. There were eight | entries iu the catalogue, but for various reasous some, uf these were absent from the competition, before the judges.. The test, which was protracted, over four hours, was entered upou ! by the Wolseley, the Bariquaud,' the silver aud the Australiau Shearer Companies' compressed jair pateuts. : A WiNTEidrace meetiugwill be held iu Bulranald on the 25i.li July. The prise iiH will cover L50 besides trophies. IK. the match Australians v. Au England E.leveu, the former won by 88. rutis. There have ' been 17 matches played duriug the present visit of the Australian Eleven, of which th<?y lust 7, >vou C, aud 4 were drawu,. TUII !3AKK AND THE JEWEIO.KB.—I tiie Dixtrici Court last week, before his Honor Jud-t M-iarlenp and a jury of four, Ereu Jooes, jeweUe'r of Huiuer- otrettt, nought to recover i 200 damages trotn the Uuion Batik of Austmiia fo the v.roiig. iee, whereby tui dishonoring of one of ilia eheq , Ins credit and i-epulatioo waa damaged, filr. X. \V. Gibsuti lUBtructed by Mr. Men-dan, appeared instructed for the Haim;5. and Mr. G. H. lieu e defendantf,. Messrs Wsnt, JobDEon. and Co., for tl iTi the bank Tiie oiaiuiaill went infolveut last ye red. He ob-_ being a credjtur for £3S00, party eecu asked to be Lamed his cert:iicate :n January, and was told he allowed to opiU another account, ant ;d £15 to his niiyht do so, 0;j February 1 he ledg 5. one of hia eredir, iu the hank, but on February there were ehtques was d,sli0ti0ifij, it being, sau it was stated, no fuml? to meet .t. Fur the dt-lenee u yetuitssior.. that although the piainli2: was giv> UUB so iu the to optti a ucw aCL-ouut, he Had oul t • io the. old, ujual way,, and the £16 wad paid Mr. Jones account, which was largely overdraw! stated that he had been baukinu' with dlie defendant fur about 18 years.. When his cluqlue was dis honoured lo went to the bauk officials', who agrccC that a mistake had been made, and took steps to set lain right in she eyes of Mewre. Charles Mooro. aud Co., the holders uf the cheque.' was suhse-. quently paid. After having heard the evidence, the jury awarded i,)50 damages and costs. A, PRACTICAL JoKBK; VICTIMIZED.—Some peculiar looking people (says the Melbourne. Herald) are to be seen iu the City Cburt at times, aud the .mauuer in which the police |come across, them is strauge aud amusiug. But lbs 6l0 ! y°} ; how a mau uamed Walter llutley was uuearthed. by a constable who had beeu before'the court ou Monday was funny to listeu to. Spme people, near the tanneries ou the Xarra bauk. out iiicumond wav, heariug strauge uoises a.'|uigUt or ago ou. oue o£ the swampy, pieces- off, ground, adjoining, cautiously explored the nilghborliood,. They, spied, something, which at>- -imid mau. prouounced to be a ghost, whic. -e^ed to. vanish when oursued.. However, it was decided to invoke the'aid of the police, and a, constable, last uight watched the " ghost." Hi went to thespot where he disappeared. aud.| bagged, the spcctre, which proved to be a mau u^med Walter Rutley, 30 years old, aud a well-kuown mau " on. the swamp." He was charged, with, vagrancy, aud is a strauge objeet with matted aud cuny, locks, aud a wiiti and uuder-doue. eye, lie oas. uot beeu kuowu to do-any work, add bears^'-he: 1 reputation of beiug a practical joker round aboui 1 iiichmoud.. Hewas seut to gaol ior EDITOR. 