GENERAL NEWS TBBVAiiii'ZN .Town Boabd.— A meeting of the Treyalljn Town Board was held on Monday, there being present — Messrs. Hart, Dudley, HiggB, and M'Kay, (chair man). ; A' letter -was read from Mr,B. Pin nington, resigning his position as a member of the board. After discussion, Mr Dudley moveu Bnau mi jrnuuiigijyuB xeaiguuuiuu lie on the table till the next meeting, and that the chairman, see Mr Pinnington on the subject-Carried. ' The roads com mittee jieported .that the men were still engaged in widening the road at Hartnoll's corner..,!* was decided to remove them to the apex of South Esk road and Trevallyn terrace, 'to widen i the road and erect a fence for: ft; protection. Mr Higga drew attention to the table drain opposite Mr CaporotoB' premises, and the secretary was instructed to write to him, requesting him to nndlsufBcient 9in pipes for the approach, and the board would put them down for him. -The meeting then resolved into a Main Boad Board, and the chairman stated that he had written to Mr Barnard, secretary .of the Launceston City and Sub tourbs Improvement Association, calling his attention to the state of the toad on the northern side of the South Bsk Bridge. A letter in reply was received from Mr Barnard, disclaiming any responsibility for the, state of the road in question, but adding that he had referred the matter to the Go vernment inspector of roads for his con sideration. The chairman stated that he had written to the chairman of the West Tamar Boad Trust, asking for a grant of £25 to effect certain repairs to portions of the road under the board's jurisdiction. A letter in reply was received from Mr Barnes, chairman, West Tamar Road Trust, stating that he would lay the matter before the trust at the next meeting. A Local Board of Health' was then held, and the inspector reported. that he had examined certain premises and found them in a clean state. Tabmanian Twhkdb. — We have every xeason 'to be satisfied with the progress that we are making in woollen manu factures, etc., and there is no doubt but that we have made rapid strides since our .mills were started. There is now on view at the tailoring establishment of our well known townsman, Mr Harry Heald, an assortment of tweeds that would do crfidit to any country. They were manufactured by Messrs., Aitken and. Son, of Hobart, and on inspection will more than fully bear out our remarks. When tweeds of such ex cellence can be made in Tasmania, there is no occasion to send money out of the colony for such goods. It is a gratifying fact that our manufactures have' so ad vanced,'and it is sufficient answer to those who were inclined to decry the industry. Tempbuanob ,Haix.— The meeting on Saturday night appeared to be unusually well attended. Mr Marshall, city mission ary, took'the chair, and gave a very inter esting addroES on the wrecks, caused through.. the drink traffic. The address was pointedly illustrated by reference to men of the time, .who , otherwise would have made their. .mark in public life. Mr Piper gave an.'l'.'excellent address on . individual effort, showing what a power could , be raised in, support of temperance if each one at present connected .with the cause were to work a little. Pastor White also, in his usual happy, manner, forcibly pictured the results ,oi, ,, the, drink traffic by careful onalogiEin. . A very pleasing innovation to the proceedings wob the rendering of the musical',' composition, 'Joy Bells, set. to bells accompaniment The young ladies -who took' part were Misses Edith Hills, Beatrice Bills, Jenny Hodges, Harriett Hodges,' Florry Porter, Elsie Porter, Ada lawson, ... Minnie Waters, and Master Hilia (2). Their performance reflected credit on their tutor, Miss Bill, whose musical capabilities are somewhat above, ordinary culturei -Misa Griffiths very ably assisted at the piano. A recitation by Mr Dudley on the ' Poisoned Cup ' was natur ally delivered. The choir, with Mr Purse at the organ, rendered some of Saakey'B choicest geraB during the evening. J5,Tendebs fob FdblioIWobks.— The fol lowing tenders have been accepted for public works :— General repairs to public buildings, etc., in and about Hobart, con tract 1,- masons', carpenters', plasterers', smiths', and slaters' work, etc., W. H. Cheverton, at 10 per cent, under the stan dard prices in schedule furnished by this department and attached to conditions. Boad from' cross roads at Finger-post to lower Cnrlton Bridge, contract 3, S. Gard, £ 80 4s 9d. Road, Castle Forbes Bay to Settlement, contract 1, D. Darcy, £160 13s 6d. Boad, Whitefoord Hills railway station to Kimberley , railway station and White Bock bridge, contract 1, W- Milne, £327 Ob 4d. Koad, Gladstone to Bingarooma Port, contract 2, :W. M. Campbell, £255 2s 3d. Boad, West Mount Cameron to Bingarooma Port, contract 1, W. M. Campbell, £311 16s. BoadB, parish of Uhudleigti, continuation of Mole Creek road southwards . to selec tions on 'mountain side, contract 1, W. Milne, £122 2s 6d. Boads, parish of Ash 'water ancLStqwport road, Main Line exten sion southwards, contract 24, J. Gadsbury, £351. The tender ot W. Bosterbrook for contract B.road'.Weldborough1 to Moorina, f:azetted 25th' March, 1890, has been trans erred to James Woods'; and the tender of W. M. Campbell for bridge over River Brid, on road known aB Sledge Track, gazetted 23rd September; 1890,. at £217 7s 6d, has teen corrected to £227 7s 6a. ' , ~' f|lNQnKST'rAT~tDHLOBAiNB.— A , corres pondent 'writes:— An inquest was ..held in the Copncil Chambors on Satur day afternoon, before Mr C. J. L. .Smith, coroner, and; a, jury r of- seven, of, whom Mr John Collins, was foreman, touching thej death of Wiilliam.Thpmas Wood, who died suddenly -at iTongataboo on the previous day. From .the. evidence given by a lad named MJLougblin, it appeared tnat the' deceased, who was a small farmer at Ton gataboo, waB working up to 3 p.m. on Thursday,- and on the night of that day he complained of feeling unwell, and on the following morning he wrote to Dr. Morris, and gave the letter to the lad M'Loughlin to deliver to the doctor, at the same time telling the^boy not to spare the horse. The boy lost no time in coming to the town ship and procuring the medicine, but on his return-he found his unfortunate master lying dead outside the house. The assis tance of neighbors was sought, and the police communicated witb. After hearing the evidence of the lad mentioned and that of Win. Bussell and Dr. Morris, the Jury returned a verdict of ' Died from inflammation of the bowels.' ' Homcbopathy.— We 'have received the 22rid annual report of the Melbourne Homoeopathic Hospital. The institution was founded as a dispensary for out patients in 1809, opened as a, hospital for in and out-patients in 1876,' and in connec tion therewith 32,441 cases have been treated up to June 30 last. For the current year the report states :— Out of a total of 651: patients admitted to the wards, 417 were suffering from typhoid fever, as against last year's record, when the total treated was 690, with 403 typhoids to account for, thus for two successive seasons we have given more attention to this one disease than to all others com bined. The total casualties treated number 166, of these 25 were of so serious, a nature as to require admission ; one only was fatal, this being a fracture of the skull. The average number of patients to the hospital each day during the year was '43-82. In cases of typhoid fever, the average number of days each patient was confined to the hospital was 22 35 per cent. This includes periods , of , convalescing, which in some cases was protracted. The average number of deaths in connection with the treatment of the typhoid fever was 671 per cent., while the total from all cases was 844 per cent/ The receipts for the year, in cluding £750 Government grant, were £4160 5s 6d, and expenditure £3890 16s 4d. PiboatobiaIi. — A correspondent writes under date, Deloraine, Monday:— It may interest lovers of the rod (I don't mean the birch— who ever loved «?) to know that our respected State School teacher (Mr M. Darcey) has during the last month landed 102 English trout from the Meander, and this within a radius of half a mile of the township bridge, and I take unto myself credit for having written this par. without once alluding to ' speckled beauties.' JJThb Chinbbh Navy.— In the years to come (says the Home Neivs), when Aus tralia shall have entered upon her destined position as ' The MistreflB of the Southern Seas,' the possible foe with whom she will have to reckon will be China. It is, there fore, instructive to note the plans adopted by the Chinese Government, in order to render the Empire a great naval power in the Pacific. Like everything else in the country of the Celestials, the recent resig nation of Captain Lang and his colleagues points to a decidedly retrograde policy in naval matters. Bealising as China does her weakness at sea, and taking into account her admirable maritime position, there is all the more wonder at the coalition whitih hns deprived the nation of the services of the capable European officers who had worked long and arduously in the endeavor to: bring her navy to a high state of .?officiBncy. The material both in warships and in men has been found to be excellent. But destitute alike of the. skill and practical knowledge which are neces sary for the formation of an effec tive and formidable navy, the , Chinese officers, left to thpmselves, notwith standing their national vanity and self conceit, will be hampered in their future efforts. As at present constituted, the four squadrons comprisingthe navy of the Celestial Empire have several large sea going barbette and turret battleships, cruisers, torpedo and gun boats, all of. ap proved design, and well armed with guns of the newest pattern. The Government have also constructed harbors, and repaired docks and arsenals If, however, the fleet is left to the control and management of the Chinese officers, nothing but ruin can result to' it. The Iosb of the: European officers has placed the Government in an awkward position, and it will be interest ing to Bee how China will overcome the difficulty. Fbbnoh Military Offiobbs. — Early on Thursday, October 9, the French mail steamer in the Messogeries line, the Salazie, arrived at Sydney from Marseilles. Amongst the passengers by her was General Beste, who is on a tour of inspection to New Caledonia, accompanied by bis aide de-camp, Captain Lalubin. Several naval officers were in the list of passengers. The principal are ;— Post-Captain d'Abbeville, for the Admiral's ship Duboutdieu ; Com mander Gourdon and hie staff, for the French cruiser Cbamplain; and Post Captain Chappedelaine and Lieutenant L. Marielle. The Surgeon-General for New Caledonia, Dr. Keiffer, was also a pas senger, Captain Fiaschi being in command. Abbivax of Mb F. Abigail, M.L.A.— Amongst the passengers by the R.M.S. Orizaba is Mr Francis Abigail, M.L.A., of New South Wales. On nis arrival in Sydney (says an exchange) he will report to the New South Wales Government fully with reference to the Mining Exhibition. He intends to recommend to Sir Henry Parkes to cable to London that the exhibits should remain and be shown elsewhere, as he considers that exhibition a semi-private speculation. He is anxious to reach Sydney to resume political life. He says that the South Australian garnets are attracting much attention in London. He considers that a great amount of capital will be attracted to Australia for the development of its resources, owing to the Exhibition. Mr Abigail says that he travelled through Ireland in the cause of the anti-Home Rule movement, and had an enthusiastic recep tion, addressing an open-air meeting in Belfast numbering 80,000. He has arranged for several anti-Home Bule lecturers to visit Australia. Vital Statistics. — The Government Statistician (Mr B. M. Johnston) furnishes an abstract of the number of births and deaths registered during the month of Sep tember, 1890, in the country districts of Tasmania. . Births, 274, as against 295 for 1889 and 285 for 1888. Deaths, 84, ns com pared with 75 for 1889 and 65 for 1888. The Launoeston Exhibition. — The sec retary of the LaunceBton Exhibition has received a letter from Mr H. J. ScjU, the Adelaide agent for the Exhibition, in which he states: — ' With regard to spuce. I have cancelled all orders. There would hiwe been about 14 exhibitors with space varying from 20 to 100ft each— making probably 1000ft in all— all of which is now finally closed (owing to the strike and the decision to postpone the Exhibition), meanwhile arrangements can be made for a larger dis play, and, if I can manage it, a Government recognition ot the Exhibition. I should strongly advise you to get your Govern ment to appoint a Royal Commission, it costs nothing beyond the name, and other Governments will follow suit— perhaps our Government would exceed the £200 in such a case.' The Fobob of Habit. — At the Benevo lent Society's meeting held on 15th inst., the misconduct of a female recipient of relief was reported. This offender, it nppeared, had been fined at the Police Court for drunkenness, and an order was made to have her name removed from the relief roll. In relating the circumstances the secretary stated he saw the delinquent at the watch house, where hfi went to make enquiry about her, and that ber natural courtesy was in no way diminished by her cheerless surroundings, for upon hie appearance at her cell door, accompanied by a constable, she politely requested him to ' step inside,' an invitation which, Mr Fraser added, he as politely declined. A Hebo in Hdmblb Lira.— A gang of men were engaged in sinking a shaft at the Queen Pit, Haydock (says the Some News), one of the sinkers being Richard Gill, a middle-aged man. They had prepared several shots for blasting, and Gill had given, as he thought, the right signal for the hoppet to be drawn up, when he sud denly remembered that he ought to have signalled again. The shots were just about to explode ; but, regardless of the danger in which he stood, Gill jumped out of the hoppet for the purpose of cutting off the fuses and so preventing the shots from taking effect. As he did so the hoppec began to ascend, and the other men wanted him to ring for it to be lowered again, and so take them all up together, but seeing that he could not prevent the explosion taking place, he told them it was better for him to be killed than them all. The hoppet ascended, and before it reached the surface the explosion took place, the brave but un fortunate man, of course, meeting the death he had known was inevitable. Thb&tbioal; Engagements fob Aus tralia. — Mr J. C. Williamson has returned by the B.M.S. Orizaba. He has made a number of engagements (says an exchange) with leading artists to visit Australia. Mr Lawrence Courtley is on board the Orizaba. MiSB Mary Kingsley comes by the next steamer, and she will be followed by Miss Elsie Cameron, contralto, Mr Harold Russell, and Mr Charles Cartwright. Mr Williamson has also secured Miss Olga Nethersole. Special arrangements were made with Madam Sarah Bernhardt, and she will open in Melbourne about the 1st June next year. Her entire company has been engaged, comprising some 40 or 50 attiBts. She will make a tour in all the colonies. Madame Bernhardt will bring all ner own scenery and costumes, which are being prepared in Paris, and are of the most elaborate and gorgeous description. She is bringing an extensive repertoire, includ ing M. Sardou's new version of 'Cleopatra.' Those old favorites, the Gaiety Burleeque Company, are also coming out, and will include Miss Nellie Farren and Mr Fred Leslie, as well as several new faces. The company has two new burlesques. Mrs Langtry was approached, but no engage ment was concluded with her. Mr William son has secured several new operas, and a laTge number of pieces of a varied descrip- ] tion, including ' A Million of Money,' | ' Sweet Nancy,' ' Our Flat,' ' Flying from Justice,' ' Marjery La Cigle,' and has also Becured the refusal of a large number of new plays. Mr Alfred Cellier is expected to leave, England about October 13. Mr Williamson, says that Australia is being looked upon with more favor by the theatrical world. A.B.C. Piotobial Advebtibing Book — We have made arrangements with the Unique Advertising Combine of Melbourne, of which Mr A. D. Hunter is managing director, to produce an excellent A B.C. Pictorial Book, similar to several that have been produced . in the other colonies. The work is beautifully printed in rich colors by Trcedel and Co., whoEe reputation for firet-claes artistic printing is well known throughout Australia. We intend issuing two series — one for Hobart and the other for Launceston— and in order that they may obtain a large circulation through out the colony a copy of each Will be forwarded to all subscribers to The Colonist. They will be embellished with local viewe, arrangements bavins; been made with Mr S. Spurling to take special views of some of our lovely scenery for the Launceston book,' and a similar ar rangement . will be made with a- Hobart photographer for the Southern work. Mr Wellesley Parker, who will be remembered as having successfully arranged for the very excellent view ot Launceston which we presented to our readers some time ago, is at present in Launceston, and will wait on advertisers to exhibit samples of the proposed work and explain the system of advertising. The book will be beautifully got up and will far exceed anything of the sort ever produced here, and is an excellent medium for advertisers, as it causes the children while examining the beautiful pictures to keep the adver tisers before their parents and friends in such a way as to indelibly fix them in their minds. 'A thing of beauty is a joy for ever,' and so this book will remain as a permanent advertisement for these making use of its pages. In addition to the number distributed each advertiser will receive some copies, upon the title page of which their names will be printed, making the issue a very large one. The distribution will take place about the first week in January, and will form a fitting New Year's giit to the young people. It will only he presented to those who subscribe to The Colonist, and we would advise those of our friends who are not yet on our list to forward tbeir names at once as subscribers. Mr Porker will visit Hobart in a few days, and lay the scheme before our Hobart friends. A Town With One Inhabitant. - The township of Skiddaw, Cumberland, Eng land, stands unique ns a township of one house, and the solitary male adult in habitant is deprived of his vote becnux) of the fact that there are no overseers to make out a voters' list, and no church or public building on which to publish one if mario. On several occasions unsuccessful claims have been made for an occupier's vote before the Be vising Barrister at Jieawick, and this year one of the registration agents served a notice of claim upon the assistant nvflrflewr nf thfl nrii.-tinina townshi.) of Underskiddaw ; but that official declined to recognise it on the ground that he could not saddle his township with the duty and expanses of another. Tl-e tenant of the house is the shepherd of Skiddaw Forest— a forest without a tree. Tbe house and land are ratable to the Coekermouth Union, and the rates are paid by Lord Lecon field's agent. The Quken's Family Cibcle.— At this time. (writes ft correspondent in Notes and Queries) Her Majesty's family circle num bers fifty living descendants, including sons and daughters, grandsons and grand daughters, great-grandsons and great granddaughters. Besides tbeee she has four sons-in-law, four daughters-in-law, five grandsons- in-law, and one grand daughter-in-law. The Queen has lost one son and one daughter, five grandsons, one granddaughter, one great-grandson, and one Pon- in-law. If these were living l'.er family circle would number seventy-four. DEAF FOBTT YEABS. ' The description of a simple remedy, by which a- complete cure of deafness avd noises in tfiehead of fobtt shahs' stand ing has just been effected, will be sent kbkk to anyone who applies to J. H. L Nicholson, 175 William Street Melbourne. Tbbbiblb .Tb'apezb AacipBNT. — frightful scene was witnessed at tho Academy of Music, New York, on Augmt 23, during a performance by the Hanlons. Wm. Hanlon was performing somo daring feats upon a horizontal box fixed in the dome of the Acudomy ceiling, 60ft above the centre of tb« auditorium beneath. About 10ft ubove the heaUt oi the spec tators who occupied the orchestra stalls was stretched a stout net as a safeguard in case of accidents. Hanlon begon a forward giant swing on the horizontal bar. The spectators grew breathlessly silent as they w.itchod the man flying round and round with only bin hauda touching the bar. Suddenly there was a great gasp all through the house, for the athlete had parted from the bar and wna diving head foremost towards the net with appalling velocity. A few of the more timid spectators shrieked, but the majority made no outcry, be cause they thought that this was only part of the performance. In an instant more Hanlon struck the outer edge of the net, and glanced with stunning force against the chairs, and lay a quivering m. bo upon the floor. There was a moment of horror, too great for expression, and then women began to shriek and men to shout. Several ladias fainted, and one gentleman hud an apoplectic fit. The greatest consternation and confusion prevailed. Many persons rushed for the doors, but the majority of the spectators stood in their places and shouted to everybody else to ait down. Two or three men rushed to the spot, nnd. raising the man in their arms carried him to the dressing-room. His head had struck against the iron back of a chair, tearing the scalp away between the eyebrows and back to the crown. The right foot had sf.mnTr nnnf.Tini* ntin!p nn/1 maa 4.n»*lil«» wounded. The strangest part of the affair was that Hanlon never lost consciousness for a moment. Someone rang for an am bulance, and while he lay waiting for it to come he asked if the boys had gone on with their act, arid was told that they had. At that instant the manager appeared on the stage, and told the audience that Han lon was badly hurt, but probably would not die. There was a burst of cheering at this, and the stricken man, hearing this, smilingly remarked, 'I'm glad of that. The boys must have made a big hit.' When the ambulance arrived he was taken to the hospital, where his wounds were pronounced serious, but not necessarily atal. The cause of the accident was the breaking of one of the wires suspending the bar, thus throwing him on one side instead of directly down. Had the net been- 2ft wider he would not have been hurt. He fell against the back of a vacnnt chair, which was crushed flat to the floor, and the wonder is that he was not in stantly killed. Thb Fobce of Imagination.— A panic which occurred recently among children attending a large public school in the Friedenatrasse, Berlin, might have had serious results. They had become possessed of an idea that the schoolhouse. was haunted, and the notion r.o preyed on the mind of a girl in the .higher school that about noon she was seized wish hye;&iics;, and ran from the room, juto, the hall, crying out, ' A ghost iB choking me— a ghoBt la choking me.' Alarmed by her cries, which fitted in closely with their own fears, the whole dass followed in her wake. Their frantic behavior in turn frightened the scholars in other rooms, who at once ruahdd into the hall, many using their hands to remove the clasp of imaginary ghocts round their necks. The teachers were powerless toallay the panic, and the child ren toppled over one another in their des .lerate nigm aownscairs into tne Bureec. Thanks to the width of the stairs and other ample means of exit, they all reached the roadway in safety, though in the crush many of them sustained more or less severe cuts and bruises. A Lady Medico.— Writing on August 29, the London correspondent of the Argus forwards the following items of news of colonial interest :— Miss Adela M'Culloch Knight is continuing her successful career in the medical world. Her latest achieve ment is the winning of the Helen Frideaux. Memorial Scholarship of £60, which is the highest honor that can be gained by any student of the London School of Medicine for Women. The scholarship ig awarded to the student who, during her course of pre paration, extending over upwards of four years, in all examination?, both public and those connected with the school, and a'so in clinical work at the hospital, has most distinguished herself in the opinion of the hospital medical staff and of a special com mittee appointed to make the award. The scholarship hns to be employed by the winner for the purpose of study either abroad or in Bnglund, and Miss Knight is to proceed to Vienna to go through a course of study in practical obstetrics and gyneco logy before she returns to Australia. 