ANDREWLINA A NOVEL, (Continued.) Jliirtin Ayluier rose from his seat and put lhe; pocketrbook in' his breast. AViiilu Simon sii6ke:h|s face hadi grown ciimposed.V: ?' You're going to have nothing, Simon,' lie said, quietly. 'As to robbing the body, that is all nonsense. Who has more right to take charge of my nephew's effects than myself.' Stand out of my. way.' Simon stepped aside. His master passed him and walked towards the body. ' I have yet to learn,' he said, turning sud denly to Murgatroyd,/' what: brought you back to the . counting-house at. this time That, however, we will settle to-morrow. At present you will help me.' ; Simon bowed his head. He saw the mistake he hud made, and was already thinking how hi: could- repair it. - ?' I beg your pardon, siiy' he began. ' 'J'lie :SUSpi(!ioUS^-rrV! ? ; ?? f ;.T That will do!' saidMilrtin Ayliner. '? j\Iv nephew is quite dead, and we. must have the body removed. You had better go. out : for help. ? IJon'li -make any fiiss ahout it. : .1 would not havp my daughter hear of it suddenly; Fetch Dr. Roberts, and let Inspector Robson know at, the police office;' Simon Murgulrovd bowed again, watching his niasier.with ateulU^v ^vos. , . „ ? / i' Very well, sirj'j licjsnifl, going^owards'thu door of ihe staircase. lie went np the steps, and .Martin Ayluier sat down On a bale of goods close, bv- the dead body, and looked sadly at:it.; ; He was wonder ing how he would be- able to break the news to Itose. i ? ? ? r . ? ? At the head ol the stairs. Simon'Murgatroyd stopped, and remained in silence -lor a; minute or two. JIis face twitched, lus hands worked convulsively. He was cursing his stupidity for not waiting longer belorc speaking to Martin Avlmer. .... Suddenly he siaried. mnvard, and weiit rapidly along the passage to his master's private room, He- crossed - the lloor;lhe., desk, aiid, turning the keyof a small drawer, drew it' out, and. looked witli- 'staring eyes at an plijact lying within it. The object was a small revolver. Siinon .Murgat royd tbqiltlicAveaptin out and examined it. He looked at the chambers': they'1 -were ; all . loaded.; p ;And he shut the drawer' again, and put tlio revolver in his pocket and went out of, the room. : In- the halt outside lie'pausiid an instant aiid bent his head as if in thought, lie walked across to the'- entrance door and opened it, letting it fall to again with a loud noise, and then lie very carefully drew a heavy, bolt across it. : - '-He will think I! have gone out,' he muttered- to; himself. '.^'.And .nobody can get. in now that the door js bolted. And now for it:'-' He went, picking his steps, along the-passage towards the cellar- stairs. His stockinged feet made no-sound on Neither. stairs 01- passage, and lie Was in the cellar again, and closc behind Martin Aylmor without the.mcrcliant, knowing it.'- ' ..Martin ; Aylmer still, sat on the bale near: his nephew's body, liis elbows resting on his knees, his face propped tip by his hands: He had heard tlic'sbuiuliof the front door closing and was now waiting patiently until Sinion should enter with-.helpr And at that very inonient Simon was cautiously, creeping towards liim wit]| t]ie revolver extended, and every nerve on (he alert to prevent a .sound. He ctinie nearer and nearer, every footfall like a feather, until lie was dircctly behind his liiasterj aiid could touch him. And then, without the ghost of a sound, lid pressed the nnizcle of the revolver close to Martin Aylmer's ear and fired. The inerchant sprang uji, beat (lie air with his arms, iind fell forward at his nephew's side, dead. . Sinion Murgatroyd remained leaning towards liis- victim's body, liis eye fastened on it, till the report of the shot had died away. Then he bent down and put his hand on Marling heart. There was no movement ;- the revolver; had lone its work too well. A sound startled him. He 'sprang up and looked at the other inanimate figure. And iuddeuly he became aware that Leonard : Ayl uier was not dead, but alive, and was regarding liim with eyes full of horror and amazement. Simon M urgatroyd stiuikl staring at Leonard for several n|imitcs, l)is liciirt beating violently within liini, liis tongue sticking to the roof of his mouth, lie lmcl been so certain that the young man was dead that the shock .was terrible, even to so hardened a wretch as Simon, Leonard's eyes, wido.open, expressive of wonder ipid horror, were turned full upon his uncle's murderer, and it seemed to ihe latter there was a look of accusation in them. 15ut in spite of this Leonard made no movement nor uttered any sound. All that he did was to keep his eye fixetl on Simon's face. -V-ftPF 'V IfU'tf interval of silence- tlio murderer drew back and fetched a deep breath, lie saw that Leonard was alive, but he also saw that all power of speech or movement had lel'l liim. lie passed his hand across his forehead with an air of relief, and, turning away, began to pace up and down the cellar; still grasping the revolver in his hand, lie was trying to decide what must be done with Leonard. Should he add another crime to his list .' Should he make himself safe from detection by putting a bullet through Leonard's head or heart, and thus killing him without any doubt ; Presently he wont hack 'to the spot wlieiv tlio two bodies lay side by side. Ho knelt down by Leonard and looked at liim. And suddenly he started with surprise again, for Leonard's eyes had once more closed, and he was to all appearance as dead as any man eau be. Simon put his hand on wrist and heart, he got the mirror from Martin Aylmer's pocket and held it over the . yo.nug- lien's ii|nntli, .'Paii'it was not, Ijutterof pulse or heart,, and the mirror remained undinimed. Simon rose to his feet and breathed again more freely. ' That was it,' he murmured; 'I might have known it if I hadn't been thrown o(V my Ljiiard. |t wi(s q eiise of the evelids contract ing — a common thing enougfi.' As for the groan — why, it was my fancy. Xo. he's dead — dead as the old man is. And now what shall I do with tlieni lie had evidently so little J'ear of interrup tion that lie sat down by the dead bodies, and thought out his plan of action thoroughly. He produced a cigar-ease from his pocket, and be girn to smoke as eooly as is he had been sitting hv his own fireside. And the cigar was nearly consumed before he rose and prepared to;earry out his plans. Producing ajcev l'roin his. pocket, lie' walked across to the extreme end of the cellar and unlocked a low door. A c.ild rush of air came: through the '.opening. Siniiu. twisted a sheet of paper into a torch, ; ami, flighting it at t lib gas bracket, advanced into the dark, dun geon-like; rcc;'ss' beyond..'. He : held - the improvised torch above his head and looked' round. . . The hole was 'iilibut -'teiffcet square, 'cold and damp and dark, and had bten- cut out ol the : rock. Whether it had been intended by the builders for any useful purpose no one ? could have said, unless the idea Was to use it as a coal ov dust cellar : but it had never, been -so used, 'id it was now wet. ami ..green. with the, damp of years. i. ( C'PiiliiiuetJ.J : 