The Congregational Union. The united communion service in connection with the annual sessions of the Congregational Union of this colony was held in the Pitt-strdet Church last evening, commencing at half-past 7 o'clock. The Eev. J. G. Fraser, M.A., the retir ing chairman of the union, presided, and the Rev. George Campbell, of Borwood, preached on ' The cominer. and abiding presence of the Holy Spirit.' The service was of a devotional character, the congregation being composed almost exclusively of church members and office-bearers, and the sermon was designed, as Mr. Campbell said, to lift his hearers into ' the higher ranges of Christian truth andOhristian experience.' The text selected was : ' I will pray the Father, and He shall give you another Cem forter, that He may be with you for ever, &c.;' John 14, 16, 17. The coming of the Spirit is the counterpart of the coming of the Christ. There is an inseparable oneness between the twe events, but a clear and important distinction. Christianity is not a memory and a hope, but Christ in the believer by the spirit's in- dwelling. The other comforter, whose coming and abiding is the unique fact of the inspired history in the Acts and ihe Epistles. The one originating and perfecting cause of spiritual life, and while it is not possible to dwell too long or too devoutly on the Christ of revelation and of history, it is possible too dimly to recognise and too languidly to realise the Holy Ghost as the ever-abiding and present comforter. The discourse and communion service concluded soon after 9 o'clock ; the Eev. E. Dey having announced several items of the week's programme. The Eev. Dr. Eoseby is the chairman, and the first business this morning included his formal introduction to the chair, at the first business meeting of this the twenty-first annual session of the union. Altogether there are 68 ministers and 188 lay^delegates from the different Congre gational Cnurcb.es of the colony connected with this important ecclesiastical assembly, and about 200 are expected to be present the greater part of the current week. The evening meetings are to be held in the Pitt-street church, and cannot fail^ to awaken the interest and attention of the dif ferent sections of the Church of Christ. The business of the union will be conducted each morning and afternoon, meeting in the large school hall, of which the gallery has been reserved for ladies and other visitors. A harbor excursion is te take place on Saturday next, November 1, the closing day of the session. This evening, at 7.30, the Eev. Dr. Eoseby, chairman for the year, will deliver the official address, which promises to command very general attention, the rev. gentleman having selected fer consideration 'two burningquestions of the day' — the higher criticism of the Old Testament Scriptures and the relation of capital and labor. A daily report of the proceedings will be published in the columns of this paper and of the Town and Country Journal, and in the latter illustrations of the historic Congregational Church, Pitt-street, Sydney, and of members of the union, will al6o appear in next week's issue. Narrow Escape. — During one of the recent thunderstorms which visited Parramatta Mr. A. Johnstone, sen., experienced a narrow escape from being struck by lightning. He had been occupied in an outbuilding adjoining bis residence, which he had just left when a loud report occurred. On looking round Mr. Johnson discovered the room in which he had been engaged had been struck by lightning, and was in flames. With the as sistance of a neighbor th» fire was subdued, and it was then seen that the rafters and one wall had been scorched, and a roll of woollen cloth which lay in the room pierced through the centre with the electric current. 