♦ ? A TALE IN FIVE CHAPTERS Chapter III. In a Western pats stood a snow-bound train, filled with uncomfortable travellers. Among these are three we shall recognise, Bitting, aa it chancing, in close proximity round the atove. Martin Vancouver and his wife look but little different since we saw them in the sumptuous restaurant. A fortnight hab elapsed since that evening. Controlled finally by the stronger will of bis wife, Vancouver had abandoned the idea of reclaiming his danghter, and the two are returning to their western home. Just behind them, wrapped in rugs and ul ster, which quite disguise him, sits a young man with a handsome, taciturn face, who boarded the train twenty-four hours since, but has not, as yet, spoken to any of his fellow-travellers. Opposite are two young engineers, the only passengers who are not disheartened by the delay. One of these had returned once agaim to the perusal of a roll of papers. ' Hello !' he exclaimed, ' here's an item of interest 1 had overlooked. The engage ment of that pretty Miss Marcus whom I had for a partner at the Eoffman's ball.' ' Ah ! gone to the mgtiesc oiaaer, i sup pose,' the other remarked. ' Castelford is the name,' continued the young man, and he read from the society column of his crumpled paper—' The en gagement is announced of Miss Paula, only daughter of Mrs. Bevan Marcns, te Mr. Stanleigh Castelford, of Dorpdale, Eng land.' ? Who ? What V The words rang through the car, making the reader start. Mr. Vancover was standing erect in his place. ' What was that you were reading, sir? Stanleigh Castelford is n married man ; and you say he is engaged to— to ? Martin !' The word came warningly from Mrs. Vancouver's pale lips. ' Be care ful. Do not forget yourself.1 ' Forget myself 1 Why I know what I am talking about. Forget myself ! Not I. I have done business with Stanleigh Castel ford. I know him well.' .'Pray be calm. This may not bathe samp. It is easy to be mistaken.' ' 1 1 am not mistaken. It is the man we saw at the restaurant with her that night. I should have recognised him if I had not been so— so distracted by other things. I knew him in Australia. He had a wife then. Do you think I'll Bit still and see him marry— her? Do you think I'll do that ? No sir-' The passengers aroused from their leth argy at the loud talk. The young man in the ulster had started forward, but subsided in the shadow again, listening intently. The owner of the newspaper passed it around, while Vancouver made statements which reflected no great credit on the hero of the announcement. The night was settling down. The pros pect was that the train would be blockaded for some hours to come. When the pas sengers were preparing to turn into their berths for the night, the young man who had sat silent among his rugs approached theVancouvers. ' I want to know something more about the man you speak of — Castelford. I am acquainted with the young lady it is said he is to marry. Vancouver looked sharply into the hand some face. ' Yes, you were there that night,' he said. ' I remember you. And you are in terested in the young lady ? So am I.' ' Martin !' ' Let me alone. This is the end of your ambitious scheme. I wish t^ heaven I had stayed in New York. Then 1 might have been on hand to rescue my child from each a fate. Yes, I say it. and I'll repeat it. Paula Marcus is our child.sir. She doesn't belong to Mrs: Bevan Marcus at all. That little arrangement was brought about by her mother's ambition. And this is the end of it -that I, her natural protector, am snow-bound here in this accursed pass, while Mrs. Marcus is making a match for my daughter with a man whom I know to be married already.' ' Martin,' said Mrs. Vancouver, in a tone of distress, ' your excitement won't mend matters. Let us try to think what can be done. ' , You are right, madam,' said Justin Dyce. ' I too,' he added, ' am interested in the young lady — deeply interested. I withdrew because I was unknown and poor — no matter for that. If these statements can be proved it is of the utmost import ance that you return to New York at once and prevent this marriage.' \- We can telegraph at the first opportuni ty,' said Mrs. Vsnsoaver. 'Yes, we can sit waiting for opportunities while Paula's fate is at stake.' ' It is not likely that the wedding will take place yet awhile, Martin.' ' How do you know ? I think I see Castelford's gama. He is going to get a beautiful girl and a fortune within his power. It won't be his policy to delay.' ' I think you are right, sir,' said Justin Dyce. ' Someone must start eastward at once. And I am the one to do it.' ? It is a hopeless undertaking at this ntom3nt, I fear,' said Vancouver. ' I shall start,' said Justin. , ? Not on toot ?' ' Yes, and at once. It may be there is no time to lose. And — I — couldn't sit here thinking over the chances.' ' Your are right,' said Vancouver.' 'And 1 will go with you.' An hour later the two men, with set, de termined faces, silent, resolute, were strid ing among the snow boulders which filled the deble, pushing eastward to tbe nearest point whence communication «ould be effected with New York. Each had in few words put the other in possession of his story. ' I could not ask Paula to marry me,' said Justin ? I love her too well to ask such a sacrifice. I—had a hope that she might wait — might give me a chance. I shall be worthy of her some day. I hoped she would, perhaps, understand and wait.' ' Anyhow, we will save her from this,' said her father. ' Yes, if we live we will save her,' said the young man. Chapter IV. Paula had waited twenty-four hours for a response to the hasty note she had ad dressed to JuBtm Dyce. But no response bad come. Justin was, indeed, well on his ;w*y to Chicago, and the' little note never reached him. But Paula could not know that. Her enly construction of the young man's silence was indifference. It was near four o'clock in the afternoon —the hour appointed for Mr. Castelford's call— and Mrs. Marcus and Paula sat in the library together. ' You will be guided by me, Paula,' the elder lady was saying ; ' you will trust my experience, my knowledge of the world. Sentiment may seem very sweet at twenty, but twenty soon passes by, and there re mains a long life in which one wants a cook, a milliner, acquaintances— a place in the world.' * ' Yes,' said Paula. ' Oastelford will give you those things. He will take you to England. You will be admired there. You will be satisfied with life.' The sound of a gong announced a visitor. 4 He has come,' said Paula, turning pale. * Paula-darling,' continued Mrs. Mar cus, with evident excitement, 'there are a few words I must say. We must conceal from Castelford the secret of which I spoke to you — the fact that you are not my own child.' ' Why, mamma V * Because — he will take it for granted that you are my heiress, and he must not be undeceived at present' ' Mamma, I hate duplicity. He has plenty of money, apparently. Do you suppose he will care whether I have any or not?' The servant was at the door announcing Mr. Gastelford. ' I will go to the drawing- room to see him.' said Paula. * Yes, yes, Paula, he will care. He must not know. And— if he speaks of marriage, do not say you cannot be mar ried this season. Let him consult me about the time for the wedding. Now go. Oh, Paula, my beautiful darling, promise me always to believe that I loved you above all things— that I desired your hap piness.' ' I believe it, I know it, dear mamma.' She stooped and kissed Mrs. Marsus, anc then, pale, proud as a duchess, she went to the drawing-room to receive Mr. Castel ford. Stanleigh Castelford had had a great swing in New York society that winter. He had brought letters to some of the best people, and then he had very fine manners and he seemed to have plenty of money. If it was possible to suspect that he was a fortune-hunter, it was no worse than might be assumed of other younger sons of aristocratic English families. For six weeks now he had been wholly devoted to Miss Marcus, and society had decided that it would be a very suitable match. It was Paula's third season, Mrs. Grundy said. Quite time she was settled. As for her silly flirtation with Justin Dyce, she wondered Mrs. Marcus had not been anx ious about it/ Mr?. Marcus had been anxious about it, it may be admitted now. It was a moment of intense relief when Panla came back to the library after a haif-honr's absence, and remarked — ' Mamma, I have accepted Mr. Castel ford. Wili yon come and see him V ? Certainly, Paula. Accept my congratu lations, dear. I will go and ask him to stop and dine with us.' It was the day following that the an nouncement appeared in a society journal which had created Bach excitement on board the snow-bound train. During £he fortnight which ensued, Mr. Castelford was seen everywhere with his beautiful betrothed, and society averred that the wedding was to take place im mediately, as Mr. Castelford's business re quired his presence at home. Also that, as Mrs. Marcus was in bad health, she would break up housekeeping after the wedding, and travel indefinitely. It was a soft, hazy day in February, and .Paula was to be married at noon. Her breakfast tray wag awaiting again on the stand before the sea-cold fire in her cham ber. Aline had brought her rose- coloured gown. As the girl put it on, something caught in the lace frills attracted her eye— a withered rosebud ; once she had kissed it in confession of her love. She plucked the : dry petals away. ' .'.''''.''' .-. 'My heart is just as dry,' she said to herself. ' The colour and fragrance have gone out of my life. Oh, mamma, why did you urge me to do this thing ? Wa have made a wretched, wretched mistake !' ; At half-past eleven o'clock they ware putting the veil and wreath on the bride. Word was brought that Mr. Oastelford was waiting. ' Let him wait. I belong to myself for half an hour yet.' said Paula. ' Where is mamma 1 . Why doesn't she come to me V 'Mees Paula,' said Aline, trembling, ' madam is not well.' Paula sprang up. 'ill— ah, I see— very ill ! I must go to see her immediately. PerhapB, after all, I shall not be married to-day.' Mrs. Marcus was indeed very ill. She was dying. The excietement of the past few days had been too much for her. She lay upon the coueh in the superb gown of silver satin and point lace which she had made for the wedding, breathing heavily a dull, purplish tint upon her face. Her eyes lighted with recognition as Paula rushed to her side. ' Leave us alone,' she murmured. ' Go,' said Paula, peremptorily. ' go get physicians— go, go !' to the frightened housekeeper and one or two strange waiters, who fled dismayed. 'The marriage must go on, Paula. There is nothing left but— debts. Tlat has killed me,' said Mrs. Marcus, inco herently. Penla chafed her cold white hands with out replying. ' He will have to know now. I deceived him a little. Ah, if I could but see you married, I could die easy ? ' ' No-no,' said Paula, ? pot till you are better, mamma.' Some one entered with a physician. Then Mr. Castelford came in. The whole household were gathered in the dressing room. Mrs. Marcus revived briefly under the influence of restoratives. ' I want the marriage to go on,' she said sitting up. ' Send to the church for Dr. Kay. He will perform the service here.' ' I cannot— I cannot,' cried Paula. The physician standing at her side whis pered — ' Do not cross her ; it will shorten her Jife.' Mrs. Marcns' flesh had resumed its natu ral tint. The spasm was passing over. She smiled, and noticed Paula's dress. The girl's beauty had always gratified her keenly. It gratified her still in this hour of death. ' Let them finish arranging your veil,' she said. Aline and the doctor will stay with me. Perhaps, after all, I can go down for the ceremony, dear.' Paula returned to the hairdresser. The final touches were given to her bridai toi let. They came to tell her the clergyman had arrived ; that Mrs. Marcus was com fortable and everything ready for the cere mony. Would she like Mr. Castelford to come and fetch her ? ' No : I shall go in a moment by my self,' she said. In traversing the ball towards Mrs. Marcus' dressing-room, Paula passed the staircase. There was confusion in the hau below. She paused in her bridal finery and looked down. At the foot of tbe stair case stood a man, haggard,1 travel stained! in a fur-trimmed ulster. Paula's senses reeled— she thought she saw a ghost. There were other men behind this one, but she looked only at him. Their eyes met. She reached out her hands towards him. ' Justin, come and save me !' she called faintly. At the same instant a women's shriek rang out. For a second Justin thought it came from Paula's lips. He sprang up the stairway, and. grasped her hand. ' It was mamma ; but do not leave me. Come with me,' pleaded the girl. With hand clasped in hand, they entered the dressing-aoom. Another spasm—the last—had seized Mrs. Marcus. - Her sodl had gone put, in the piercing cry which had rang through the house. She was dead when Paula re entered the room. . ' . ' , ' ^pMila, are you married Tasked Justin I^rje, , { Jajrjy reeling with exhaustion and excitement. '-..., '^h,|io «' aald the, girl, hysterically, as Oasleiford approached her. ?.Then I have indeed come to taxo you,' replied Justin steadily, CHAPTEA V. Tub sliutters were dosed, and the candles put out. The guests rolling up to the stately mansion were confronted by a crape scarf banging from the door. The floral horsehoe and wedding bell were taken down, and the marriage feast silently removed. 'Piinla, it was her desire that we should be married to-day. Will you do as she wished ?' Ctstelford had said. ' We shall be married, never !'.said the girl, with passion. ' I think you are wrong, there. I shali hold you to your word.1 ' It was— because she wished it. I nevei liked you.' ' Nevertheless, Paula, you will be my wife as you agreed,' said Castelford, [eo firmly that Paula trembled. A blonde-bearded man stepped forward at that instant from out of the throng that oair.e and went in the confusion. 1 1 am this young lady's natural guar dian, Mr. Castelford, and I shall have some tiling to say about yourjrelations with her.' Stanlcigh Castelford looked hard at the intruder in the dim light of the darkened house. ? Pray who are you, sir ?' ' Tf you will recall a winter in the Aus tralian gold mines three years since, and a transaction with a man named Martin Tancoiirer, you may remember mo.' 'JAnd what the— may I ask — has brought you here V ' To publish the fact, sir, that you have a living wife.' 'You lie.' ' I have witnesses. They are waiting in the hall below.' ' I shall settle with you for this slander, ' said Gastelford hotly. Be made his way down stairs, and meet ing Aline told her to say to Miss Marcus that he would return in an hour. But he lierer came. From that day the club he had frequented knew him no more. His baggage, in anticipation of his wedding, had been sent from his hotel. He left a few bills unpaid, and the waters closed over him, and his plaee t new him no more. He disappeared, and left no sign. Mrs. Marcus' affairs were found to be in great disorder. She had lived far beyond her means, and her solicitude for Paula's settlement was well grounded. When the funeral expenses were paid and the furni ture disposed of, Paula had only a few hundred dollars left. ' But oh, if dear mamma can only know how happy I aw V she said fervently. It was indeed a happy family group that had emerged from this ehaos of circum stances. Paula was happy with her own kin. As her father had divined, love made amends for the luxuries they could not give her. Her mother and father were re united in her at last, and gradually the cold,' sceptical light went out of her mother's eyes and warmth and tenderness came back to them. Justin Dyce did not separate from these chance friends, meeting with whom had brought «uch toward results. Getting out of the pampered, artificial life which had stifled his real strength, he had found his footing and stood as a successful man. After two years Paula and he were mar ried. It was a simple, summer-day wed ding in the big, airy, parlour of a pleasant villa whoBe windows looked toward the Pacific. Paula is more beautiful than ever in happy serenity. ' ' I am so happy, Justin,' she says to her grave but radiant lover. *Ah, mother,' turning to Mrs. Vauoouver, ?* there is but one thing I could ask for if the fairies ?would grant me a wish, and that is'— with & delicate shade softening her beauty— 'that my other dear mamata could 1 ' 'Perhaps site ' does/ Paula, said her father, with - far-away look in his «yes. 'The carriage is at the door. J * Come, Paul*/ sivb Justin; ' ' She does not s»y,' as she did once before, that she belonged to herself a little longer. She is folded to her father's heart. Her mother whispers— ' Have you ever reproached me, Paula V 'Never.' '? ? . ' '' Her husband holds her band, into which he has slipped three rosebuds. The wind is from the sea, and toward it, under the summer sky, ' through all the world she follows him.' , The End. 