('Continued from Saturday's Issue.) [all rights reserved.] THE GREAT MILL-STREET MYSTERY. y , BY ADELINE SERGEANT, Author of.Jacobi's Wife," "Roy's Re pentance," "Deverill's Diamond," "Un der False Pretences, " etc., etc: " . CHAPTER XXXYII. " : The Trial. . Francis Helmont- was a kind and merciful man. It did not- appear to him, when he had heard -jess's story, that she ought rightly to esteem herself a murderess, and he somewhat doubted the necessity, for a \l\iblic confession of her action. But he would not dissuade her from the course that she had marked out for herself ; it did not lie within his province to do so. All that was possible to him was to smooth her way, to make things as little painful to her as possible. 2fo doubt of her story ever crossed his mind. j He went with her to the nearest magis trate, before whom she mAdo her statement. And then he said goodbyie to her, kindly and pityingly, promising to do all in his power for her welfare. Before night Jess was lodged in the prison cell, and the news boys were crving sensational accounts of her story. ''The Mill-street Mystery cleared up ! Remorse of the Murderess ! Full confes sion !" ■ Among the persons who heard, the news boys cry and stopped to buy the litest edition of an evening, paper, Dr. Price was num bered. i. ; 1 " What does this mean?" he said. Atl<l 'when lie had perused the account, hla brow grew black as night. " What on earth does :it mean ?" he repeated. " I'll jjo down to Alice Drew to-morrow morning and inquire. ■My patients may hang themselves for. aught I care." He was as good as his word* Before 9 o'clock next morning ho met Alice Drew, with Meenie in her ftrins in the little garden before the cottage door. " So it is true ?" he began by brusquely ! exclaiming, as he looked at her pale face and [ swollen eyes. " I see that I needn't ask. What do you mean by it, that's all V' " Mean by what, doctor ?" said Alice, nervously. " By letting that poor child give herself up for what she never did ?" " I don't understand yo'u, s(ty' tettarned Alice, her lips quivering. u'She has told the truth, I believe ; that is " Do you really tMrt.k that she was telling the truth when she said that she pushed Stephen avviy from the window 1 Well, I don't believe it. I don't believe she had either the physical strength or the nerve for it. And if you do, I tell you plainly that you're a fool." "Why, doctor," said Alice, much taken aback by the change of front, " it was you that first put the idea into my head." " Then I was a fool," said the doctor. " And why should she confess it if she hadn'fc done it 1" "Toscreen somebody else, of course; a baby could tell yuU that," replied Dr. Price, irritably. " You'd do it yourself for a man you lovied " • "■What ! Tell a lie ? Accuse myself of murder ? No." "Then you'ro no true woman," roared the doctor, " and I despise you as heartily as I esteem Jess Armstrong—which is saying a good deal. Good morning Miss Drew-. He strode away to the gate, and opened it but instead of passing out, banged it close again and retraced His steps. Alice stood motionless, just where he had left her, bur. the tears were llowing slowly over her pale cheeks. "I'm a brute," he said suddenly. "I did not mean to hurt your feelings. I'm only expressing what I feel towards myself. I'm a dolt and an idiot, and it is my fault that she's flung herself into the lion's den in this way—all because of a few idle words of mine that frightened her for that precious lover of hers Alice shook her head, " I wish I could think her innocent > but aftei* T\hat she said to me> Xfaaut. Sty poor Jess, her repentance is very bitter." U You think so, do you ? said the doctor, eyeing hel' cautiously. "Women ought to understand women—-?<ld yet.—Well, I sup pose I shall have to give evidence at the trial ; and I shall say what I can. for Jess." It was easy for the doctor to say so, but it was difficult for him to carry out all his in tentions. He was not a rich man, and could afford neither time nor money for Jess's de fence. He called on Francis Heimrint, but received so complete and crashing an assur ance that Eastwood had been abroad at . the j time of Stephen Eyre's murder, chat he was almost phi*.kenf*in his conviction that Jess was tirying to shield her former lover. He wrote two or three letters to the newspapers, but what were these in comparison with Jess's own confession ? The declaration " I did it; I killed him." could not be explained away. Search was made for the man with whom Jess represented herself as associating on the night of Stephen's death ; but no one answer ing to her description of him could be found. A mystery seemed to envelope his fate—a mystery as profound as that which had formerly enwrapped the fate of Stephen Eyre. Jess professed herself unable to say what had become of him ; she thought (vaguely) that he had gone abroad. And she would say nothing more, except that she and she only had been to blame. It was a curious case—curious in its very simplicity. The bare avowal of • guilt made by Jess Armstrong did not impress the pub lic quite as much as she expected it to do. The conclusian drawn by the world at large was that a man was mixed up in the matter, and that she was endeavouring to screen him Even the judge was haunted by this view of the case, although, as he told himself, such considerations could not nossiblv effect the course of justice. Mr. Justice Armstrong tried the case. Ho was an old white haired man, with a refined severe cast of features, but gentle and kindly eyes. He took an unusual interest in the prisoner. He did not know why ; but he felt drawn towards her as if by some close link of kinship or affection. There was a look in her face, which reminded him of one who had been very dear to him. The pathetic sweetness of her eyes puzzled and disconcerted him. She was a poor, lost, fallen creature, he said to himself—and yet— strange how these likenesses occur!— she was strangely like his dead wife, the wife he had lost in his youth ; strangely, too, like the handsome son who had refused to bfl bound by his father's wishes, and had married a irirl out of a Whitechapel slum ! Well, he was dead now—poor Gerald !• and his wife too. As for the child (for he knew that there had been a child) was she not dead too ? Was it within the bounds of possibility that this poor lost girl, this murderess, who called herself Jess Arm strong, could be the grandchild for whom .ho had yearned so often, as later years brought the softening influences of regret to bear upon the old lawyer's case-hardened_ minrl 1 NV>, it -wo .» na fancy ; and he dismssed it as soon as it occurred to him. Even if it could be true, it were best to forget it. For what could he do now with her and for her ? He could not claim her as his own in this moment of her disgrace. And—he summed up the matter in his own mind—it was a fancy without foundation ; there was abso lutely no reason for conjccturing that this girl was his granddaughter. Armstrong was not an uncommon name, and he could not occupy himself*with the fortunes of all the Armstrongs in England, It will be seen from this sketch of Mr. .Justice Armstrong's state of mind that las conscience troubled him from time to time with respect to his son's offspring. He had repented his harshness to the dead man, and had thought many times about the old woman and child who had once made their way to his house ; but his first impression— that liis granddaughter was dead and that old Mrs. Flint was an impostor, trying to extort money—remained strong'upon him, and caused him to banish any notion of finding or helping the child of whom he had heard. Jess was not altogether unfriended, how ever, in her trouble. Dr. Price camo to see her several times. Mr. Helmontalso visited her. But Mr. Helmonts's visits were full of pain to Jess. Ho wanted to know bo much ! He did not seem able to refrain from ques tions about her past life, about Eastwood, and about hor child. And Jess was deter mined that n<iihii)s< more than what was ab solutely necessary should pass her lips. Hence she seemed, both to Helmont and to the chaplain of the prisoil, a vety unsatis factor peiiitent. Shis was docile enotagh, but she was reticent. And reticence meant, in the chaplain's opinion at least, obstinacy and impenitence. Mr. Helmont was gentle, but jess felt that she was a problem even to him. ' ' "Where ia your little girl, Jess?" ho asked her. " r " Alice Drew has her, sir." - , "Alice Drew? The young woman— who—— " Who used to go about with Stephen and me ? Tea, that's the one, sir. She loved him dearly, but she's forgiven me for his sake. And she takes care of the child." "Hiis she means of her own 1 How does she support it ?" . " She goes out nursing." •. ' ., "In London ?" " No, sir, down at a place called Hexham— in Kent. A little country village—niaybe you know it ' "Yes,' I kn'ow it vtir.y \vell,' said Mr. Helmortt., •" Have you hot heard of Lord and Lady fiekham down, there ?" he said, aftot ft moment's pause. " Lady Hexham is my sister." . . . Jess moved aside a little as if she had for gotten that he was blind and - could not see her face. - ■ "I know," she said in a low voice. "I heard of her." Helmont said nothing more just ."then, but ho took the opportunity some • days later of ! mentioning the matter to Diana. " What do you want mo to 'do V' Diana said when he had finished his story- " For I know you want mc to dc^oiriothirig.'' She was looking gi&W.y; handsome and stately, but there was a want of brightness on her face-, ltiid in her qiiiet, kindly tones. HehttOnt noted the fatigue apparent in her voice, and remarked on it. " Oh, it is nothing ; I have been too much in town. I must take a few Weeks in the country," she, Answered quickly. "And then, as I shall be at Hexham, I can do any thing that you wish, Frank. Is this poor girl's child to remain there' ?" " It seems so. Can you do anything "I will go to see her. I will try. Alice Drew is at Mrs. Bennett's,, you say? Mrs. Bennett is the infant schoolmistress at Hex ham. I know the cottage." •' That is right, Diana. I felt sure that you would not shrink from the task.'1 " Shrink 1 Why should I shrink ?" And then a wave of crimson flooded her pale cheeks alld brow. "You mean—that this ehil'd—" 1<I believe," said Helmont gravely, "• that it is George Eastwood's child," • There was a iroment's pause.- Then Diana broke out with only half suppressed vehemence. . " Oh, how can men be.30 base, so Belfish, so vile! I thought better things of him— once." •' "It may be that he regrets his error," said Helmont, picking his word;!- with soma difficulty. "We do liot kiVo\V nil tiio cir cumstances, and—we cannot be sure.." " No,'1 silld Diana, with a long drawn sigh. u We cannot be sure." But in her heart she thought that if she looked into the face of Jess Armstrong's child she would know whether it belonged to George or not. • She kept her word and went to Mrs. Bei.nett's cottage. But she was received by Alice Drew with a grave .courtesy which, although homely, could bear to be con trasted even with Ludy Hexham's polish, of manner and dignity uf bearing;' Fur she had the natural calm hhd stat.eliness which come of th6 suppression of self and the constant Jftarfiing towards a great ideal. - Lady Hex ham recognised the rare qualities beneath the'plain exterior of this woman of the people, and she tried haul to find out some way of bonelting Alice and her charge without seeming either to patronise or interfere. But it was difficult to do artythinor for Alice. She shook her head when Diana suggested an orphanage for Meenie. "I have one myself—close to iny park gates," Lady Hexham ' exclaimed. "I could watch over her." "Thank you, my lady/' Alice ahswered quietly, u but .Tess's baby girl'will always have a home With hie;" Lady fieXjiahi was but only fdr the tilohlenfc.. Sli? Md 1'd'dked ' at Mebiiie's innocent face when she entered the room and been struck at once by the likenesB to the Eastwoods—not to George'alone,but to other members of the. family. There*was no room for doubt .in her mind that this child belonged to George : and for that reason she became at once hotly, unreasonably anxious to be friend it. Legitimate or illegitimate, what did it matter? George's child could nevor be without a claim on her ; for, ."'although'.' she had once refused him so lightly and planned so resolutely to marry, another man;; there: was nobody in the whole wide world- whom she would ever love as she had loved George Eastwood. In a short time, too, anothor plan occurred to her. The matron of her tiny orphanage was leaving to be married ; she offered the post to Alice Drew. And to.her great joy, almost to her surprise, AHce accepted the situation. She was to keep Meenie with her, and Meenie would grow up' with other little orphaned children to whom Alice would be as a mother. The orphanage was, as Lady Hexham had said, just outside her husband's park gates, and it would be easy for her to see the child from time to time and secretly to watch over its growth. To the childless Lady Hexham it seemed a boon to have evon George Eastwood's unacknowledged daughter so nearly beneath her roof. Meanwhile the days of suspense grew to an end. The trial, with all its ghastly details and terrible significance, took place ; and half England hung with intense eagerness over the papers to learn what Jess Arm strong's Ultimate fate was about to be. The verdict was a merciful one. The jurymen were perhaps influenced a little by the sight of her pale, patient face, her sweet; modest eyes and her softly curling hair. She put forward no defence. They brought it- in "Manslaughter," with a recommendation to mercy on account of her youth and the circum stances of the case. And Mr. .Justice Arm strong sentenced his granddaughter to 3 years penal servitude. CHAPTER XXXVIII. . After Three Years. To the traveller whose eye is sated with the glow and color of the fervid East," the soft f;reen meadows, the grey skies, and placid streams of an English landscape, are apt to seem at times too pale and monotonous, and at times indescribably refreshing. The last sentiment was uppermost in George Eastwood's mind, as he walked along the country road between Wychford and Hex ham, a few days after his return from foreign lands, an absence which had lasted fully 3 years. For, after his sojourn in the Black Forest, he had travelled eastward and south again; and he had rested little until his arrival in Bombay, where, for the first time during many months, he had an opportunity of seeing an English newspaper. He was not very anxious to r.ee the news papers. He had avoided letters and journals, and had lost many by not giving his address. His friend the banker, had kept him amply supplied ".villi money, and had maintained a discreet reserve on the subject of Jess and her child. Hence it had come to pass that "Flacf.woocl had not lou'iied of Jess's fate, until he saw a mention of it in a paper in a Bombay club. It was a terrible shock to him. At first he did not know what to believe. She had been condemned—so much he saw at the first glance—but to what? The paper contained merely a passing reference to the event; it sneered a little nt some evident miscarriage of justice. George felt that he could not rest until ho know all. It was easy enough to obtain a full account of the proceedings, which were already many months old. Jess Armstrong as she called herself, had given herself up for the murder of Stephen Eyre. It was a nice point as to whether she had really killed him or not ; for, supposing that he fell accidentally out of tho window, was it at all possible that he could have got back again without the help of several strong men? The jury were rather disposed io believe that the unknown party of men h: i he room were guilty of the murder, and a v.-■[<! sweat broke out upon Eastwood's forehead as he realised. the danger that he had run. But he soon per ceived that Jess had been faithful. She had been obliged to acknowledge him as her lover, but she had said nothing Pnbout the marriage,or his presence in No.20 Mill-street. There was nothing to implicate him—his name was barely mentioned. He drew an involun tary breath of relief when he found that this was the case. "Manslaughter" was tho verdict. The jury could hardly convict of murder under the circumstances. And the sentence—three years' imprisonment, with hard labor. Not a very hard sentence as sentences go. There ■was some talk about her probable admission into a'penitentiary at the end of tho three years. Tho pcnitentavy was evidently thought suitable for a woman who seemed never to have denied that she had led an evil lifo. One or two kindly disposed persona wrote ■ letters to the newspapers to say that they would look after the girl when she came, out of prison, and would help her to lead a decent and honest life, tp procuring some sort of | situation for her. And thence sprang a long . series of letters about the treatment of women I criminals, all based upon that trial of Jess j Armstrong, - and her unexpectedly lenient' sentence.' The life of women in prisons and j penitentiaries was described in other letters, and a discussion on tho rules and manage ment of such places filled up the columns ' of several papers, at a time when London was j empty, and in want of a new sensation. .. ...j By the time.George Eastwood had read all that, he 'could.find, he was in an utterly dazed condition; The facts that he bad read seemed ■ to stun him. Could it be that Jess—the beautiful creature in white, with tho Jong golden hair, Tphmn lie had painted arid caressed and admired—was now one of those fallen women for whose benefit prisons and penitentiaries had been built I He: shut his eyus and saw her as such women were des cribed in the letters that he had read, with hair cut short under a close cap, with coarse gown and apron, and bands stained or reddene i by manual labor of various kinds ; above all wi'vh that vacuous or vicious : look whicli one writer declared to be stamped upon the faces of all who became inmates of thoso dreary walls. Was it possible that Jess's sweet f:lc'c could be branded with that look of guilt and shame? He had no doubt concerning her guilt. Had she not herself avowed to him that she. had pushed Stephen Eyre from his hold upon the rotten window sill ? Sunie of the details giveri.in tbe'papers shocked arid sickened him. They brought back to him his own vague remembrance of the scene—and also a faint,. vague consciousness, which lie could noverunderstahd, of his own share in it. This consciousness was not sufficiently clear to be of any determining value ; butitserved to; deepen the sense. of horror and revolt with which he regarded Jess's crime. It seemed to him now almost impossible that he should ever have loved.a womari of her type. 1 , j And yet—was there uuything that he could do for her? When tlii! shock of his discoyery died away he begun to think—hopelessly and helplessly—of the possibilities of the future. He could not get a divorce from her. He must be separated from her—yes; but lie was sepa rated already. He hated to think of pub licity and scandal. Surely, as he and his wife—the wife of whom he was so thoroughly ashamed, and for whom no spark of love now lingered in his breast—wore already so far apart, thore .vas no need to let the .world know that they had been so neat-. She had not betrayed his secrot ; he would not betray hers. Strangers they lulist over be, one to tV.-: -jciier, and no .one should ever guess the link between them. There was Meenie, however, to be ac counted for; what had become of Meenie ? She would have to be found and provided for Consulting the papers again, the only men tion of Meenie was contained in Jess's I voluntary statement that her child was "with friends in the country." Jess had no friends in tin country. ' So what did that mean 1 ' ' The first thing to be doiie, apparently, was La write a furious letter to Mr. Field, the bnnkor, asking why he had been left to learn these heart-rending details from a common newspaper. Ho did not find out the reason for some weeks, when his letter' was returned to him with the words " dead —heart diseaso," written across the envelope The epistle had been glanced at by the clerk, and re-enclosed to Bombay. j The only thing that George Eastwood I could think of was to.go to England at once, look for his child, and wait till Jess came out of prison. But a letter from Francis Helmont arrested him. Helmont gave him a few details about Jess's trial and imprison ment, and added that the child was frith friends in the country—probably with Alice Drew. He had been told so, and he had no reason to doubt the accuracy of ,his infor mation. He told tlie news gravely and sadly, for he had a strong conviction that Eastwood was very much to blame for the tragedy of Jess Armstrong's life. But he added no word of comment or reproach, for he wrote by a secretary's hand, and did not wish to pain his friend unnecessarily. He inserted merely a few words in his own uncertain handwriting, as a postscript, mentioning the exact date on which Jess Armstrong would be 3ot freo from prison. And that was all. !Eastwood did not goto England just then. There was nothing to go for, he told him self.. But tho expiration of three years found him treading the green lanes between Hexham and Wyehford, with a look of dark | discouragement upon his face. He had missed Jess. IIow he scarcely I knew. He must havo made some mistake in the date. He had gone to the prison on | what lie thought to be tho appointed; day, and he had waited while the prisoners were released, but Jess was not amongst the little crowd. After a time he sought out a bene volent looking lady, in black, who was mix ing with the ex-convicts and asking them to breakfast; and, doffing ; his hat politely, he asked her if she had seen or heard anything of a woman named Jess Armstrong. "The woman who gave herself up for killing poor Eyre—oh, that was a Very sad case," said- the lady. " She came out six months ago on!ticket-of-leave." " Six months ago 1" Baid Eastwood, stut tering in his amaze and eagerness. ' "So long V' " Her behaviour was so good, you see," said the lady in an explanatory tone. "They let her out rather unusually soon.' I saw her here and talked to.'hor myself." A flash shot from Eastwood's eyes. "What has she done with herself 1" " Pardon me—you are not going to harm her?" "I—certainly not. I wished to help her —if possible, to provide for her future." I The lady shook her head. "She was not an easy . person- to assist. She' would not come to breakfast with the other convict women"—how George writhed at the word. " She refused money and she refused work. A very bad sign, that, I am afraid." " Whero did she go ?" " To London, I believe. But riot to stay. She told me that. She said that alio should prefer the country." " Did you not proceed further V Did you of for hei no more substantial assistance V said George' It waB odd that while his love had grown cold his sense of possession mado him exceedingly angry with the woman who had not assisted.his wife in suitable way?. The lady in black bridled a little. " I did what I'could, sir, for the unfortunate girl,'1 she said. " You must remember that wo see a great number of cohvicts in the course of the year. If flie would have come to breakfast and stayed for tho prayers and Scripture reading which we have afterwards, I would have given her work had she required it—list slippers to make, or something of that kind. We always give them coffee and bread and butter, it heartens them, poor things, for the day's experiences. But tho woman, Armstrong, would accept no help, spiritual or material. She gave me to understand that she was going to friendB." '"Friends. What friends had Jess?" Eastwood stood still for a moment and considered. It is possible," he said at last, deliberately, " that, she may comeback to you here for help." " Possibly, but not likely, unless she is committed for another crime." " My I trouble you with this card ?" said Eastwood, formally. "My name and ad dress are upon it. If you see her, perhaps you will bo so kind as to tell her that I have conic home, and should . like her to com municate with mo." The lady looked confused, embarrassed, distressed. Tt was evident that some re membrance of Eastwood's name was float ing in her mind, and that she could not oxactly define it. George thought it better to leave her before full remembrance dawned upon her mind. He raised his hat, thanked her formally, and turned nway. She stood still as if reflecting on tho matter. Just as he readied the corner of the street, lie saw her make a frantic pasli after him, and, wondering whether she had any furthea in formation to gsve, he stopped and waited her reproach. She came up, pantint, with one hand upon her heart. " Oh, I quite forgot," she said, " who you wore; oh, I do hope that you havo seon tho •—the—error of your ways !" "I have seen them very often," said East wood grimly. "Then, will you—will you—do me the honor of accepting teis little tract. I have known it do good to so many—many— hardened and impenitent sinners !" "I may be hardened," said George, with the faintest possible smile, "but not, I am sure, impenitent. He took the tract from her hand, glanced at is, ano then put it into his pocket. It was entitled "Words of Warning*" and he eid not feel as if he wanted any warning at' that moment. But lie would not wound the , feelings of a lady by telling her so. He | raised his hat once more, and was allowed to depart. He went straight to Frank Helmont. But the blind clergyman—rector now of the parish where he had so long been curate— •was unable to tell him anything. Jess had not been to him. Then ho went to White chapel, and scoured the bask streets and lanes which Jess used formerly- to frequent, but he heard nothing of hor. _ Her name was Unknown, Bftvo in connection with the ghastly Mill- street tragedy, of which George heard until he cared to hear no more. Jess had passed out of the sight and ken of 'Mill street folk. : Meenie? Nobody knew anything of Meenie. Some said that she was dead; others that she had taken away by Alice Drew. The namo struck dull "on George's ear ; he thought he had heard it before, but did not know how or where. Dr. Price could tell him more, the people said. But he re membered Dr. Price, and shrank from meet ing him again. : "Put the matter into a detective's hand, if yo 3 want, to find Jess Armstrong," Hel mont said to him. George shiVefed a little at the words. "No, no," he said hurriedly, "I can't do that. I'll look about a little longer—I may find her still." ; "Do you want to find her?" asked the parson.' don't wrtntto look upon hor face again. But I do want td know that she is not star- j ving. JVank, I—I loved her otlce.1' : "I know,' said Helmont, pitifully, and then there was silence between them for a time. But when Eastwood had been a few days in England, a desire came upon him to ro visit the old house at Wychford, which was now his own. It was not let ac present, and the housekeeper and the servants took a delight in letting their master see how bright and pleasant a place it looked. He was in terested in ic lit- ^ first* arid theft ho wearied of his loneliness. liie housfl was full of ghosts—ghosts of the joys that might have been, ghosts of the joys that he had slain. " I will go and see Diana," he" said to him self. He had, as yet, hardly realised the fact that Diana was now a widow. Lord Hexham's neck had been broken in the huntingifield, and Diana's boy hadsuccededtotlie title. Sho lived with her son at the great old house, where the Hexham's had always lived, and where she was reputed to sgpnd a useful, ciiaritablej labottrioftsj and not Unhappy life. But George knew little of what had happened in his absenoe, and 'thought of Diana still as he had seen her last, bril liant, glowing with life and beauty, gorgeous in array. It was no wonder, therefore, that he hardly recognised her, when, after ho had entered the great park gate.", he made his way up the avenue towards the house, and encountered two ladies in his "walk. ! Two j one was tall and stately, dressed in rick black robes that rustled a little as she passed on. The signs of her widowhood were few, a little rim of white in her black bon.iot was the only token of it that a man would be likely to observe. George glanced at her and did not glance again. He looked, instead, at her companion, a young ami graceful girl,not very tall; a girl with tender earnest, eyes, with soft brown hair, and a sweet radiant face. She was dressed in something light and airy—Eastwood did not know its name— and she wore a very becom ing straw hat upon her head. It was her dress rather than hor face that recalled to George Eastwood the place and time where he had seen her last. He stopped in voluntarily, a quick light coming int(* his dark eyes. He had chanced upon Lady Hexham and her young relation, Sybil Lorimer. (To be Continued.) 