SE. MARY'S CATHEDRAL. ? V ? THE COMPLETION OP THE SANCTUARY. SOME ACCOUNT OF TITE HISTORY 03? THE BtUKDINa. Next week the ceremonies arranged by the Cardinal-Archbishop in celebration of the comple tion of tho sanctuary portion or the cathedral with its permanent roof will be commenced at St. Mary's, and on Sunday, the 2Gth inst, the festival of which the blessing of the work is to be the chief feature will be held. St. Mary's being the Mother Church o£ Australasia, and all the colonies having more or less contributed to its erection* the event will be made the occasion of a great Australasian Catholic demonstration and some twelve or thirteen prelates representing the vari ous colonies — including the Archbishops of Mel bourne and Hobart — will take part in the solemni ies. tTHE OIiD CATHEDRAL AND THE TWO FIRES, 1865 AND 1869. '' Dear old St. Mary's,'' the first Catholic church ?erected in Australia, was begun by Father John Joseph Therry on the 20fch of October, 1821, the first stone being laid by Governor Macquarie, and the cathedral having: been completed by the Most ISev. John Bede Polding, the first Archbishop of Sydney, at a cost of over .£50,000, was, with its valuable contents, destroyed by fire on the night of the 29th of June— the Feast of SS. Peter and Paul — 1865. It is estimated that the destruction of the cathedral involved a loss to the Catholic community of fully £60,000. As though one mis fortune were not enough to try the faith and generosity of the people, a temporary building mainly constructed of wood erected as a pro cathedral was laid in ruins on the 5th of January, 1869\. The pro-cathedral was builfc at a cost of several thousand pounds, and in the fire church plate and vestments, music and pictures of the value of over ,£2000 perished. The building was insured for only £1500. What few relics had been preserved of the old cathedral were lost in the second fire, including a magnificent set of vestments, a gift to Archbishop Polding from the Countess of Shrewsbury. The old Archbishop, whose heart was almost broken, had to set about the erection of a second pro- cathedral, and the new building, a large brick structure, which now does duty as the cathedral boys' school, conducted by the Marist Brothers, was opened by the Arch bishop on May 30, 1869. The second pro cathedral cost over .£3000. THE GREAT SYMPATHY MEETING. The present cathedral was literally commenced j. while the ashes of the old historic building were ( , ' smouldering. After the outburst of grief had subsided — in which the sorrow of the Catholics was greatly assuaged by the generous sympathy of the feeling citizens of all denominations — it was decided that the cathedral should be rebuilt ; that a church should there be erected which in extent and architectural proportions would far surpass that which had been destroyed. Three large public meetings were held in the city. The first, held the evening after the fire, was presided over by the Venerable Archdeacon M'Encroe, and the large sum of .£6000 was raised in the room (the old seminary), the donations ranging from .£1 lo £200. At that meeting, which now possesses historic interest, Archdeacon M'Encroe, Mr. F. MfNab, and Mr. James Mullins (all deceased), were appointed treasurers, and Mr. Eyre Ellis, and Mr. Mason treasurers. A few days after wards the list reached ,£10,000, the names of sub scribers including the members of every denomi nation, who came forward at that time of trouble and affliction to express their sympathy in a practical and substantial mauner. The second meeting was held at the Prince of Wales Theatre on July 6, 18G5, when Archbishop Polding pre sided, and his Excellency, Sir John Young, Governor of New South Wales, made an eloquent and impressive address, urging the colonists to respond to the appeal ° for aid towards the erection of the new building. Among those who took part in that memorable meeting, besides the Mayor of Sydney, were the late Sir James Martin, the late Sir Terence Aubrey Murray, the late Sir Charles ©owper (Premier), the late Eight Hon. W. B. Dalley, P.O., the late Sir E. Deas Thompson, the late Archdeacon M'Encroe, the late Father Woolfrey, the late Edward Butler, Q.C., Sir John Eobert son, Judge Windeyer, and Sir William Macleay. .£3000 wa3 subscribed at the meeting, Sir John Young giving 40 guineas, Archbishop Polding .£500, Sir James Martin £100, and Sir William Macleay £100. The third meeting, convened by ? the Mayor, was held at the Exchange. His Wor ship prebided, and speeches were made by Sir John Eobertaon, Alderman Baphael, Mr. Pidding ton, M.L.A., the Hon. Geoffrey Eagar, Mr. Richard Driver, M.L.A., Alderman Broomfield, Mr. Alexander, M.L. A., and other Protestant and Jewish sympathizers. A handsome sum was sub scribed. From the time of the fire till the laying of tho memorial stone the movement was carried on with great success. In a short time the fund amounted to £15,000, and the sum raised before the ceremony was .£23,000. In I860 the founda tions were commenced, the superstructure being commenced in October, 1SCS. LAYING TIIE CORNER STONE, 1868. The corner or memorial stone was laid by -chbishop Polding on Tuesday, Dec. 8, 1868, in Presence of an assemblage numbering over ople. The prelates present ab the cere-. ?- Bishop Murray, of Maitland, Bishop 'roulburn, the late Bishop Quinn, of ?'?he late Bishop Battalion, Vicar ial Oceania. The Venerable '?«e Vicar-General, with some -isted at the ceremonies. pb. happily with us, ' wert - , ho was one of the sjan, of v. -T8, Dean Dwyer urst, and t. - the eloquent tolic of Ceni. ^ant,^ have priestJSheehy, tu . 'nguished ? of the clergy ast, ^ ,d tlie Archpriest remains ^ also Dean O'Conuell, v-~ ors, but the other canto. Dr. Norbert Quirk, as well at cher of the occasion, Father Bau ?. ?! ? «« TPrnxr nf the QlBtW Butler, Sir Terence Aubrey Murray, Senor San Just, the Spanish Consul; John Hughes, K.S.G. 5 T. Hart- M.P. j Alderman Butler, Alderman Caraher, John Cuthbert, James Mullbis, James Curtis, Eobert Coveny, John Barlow, J. J. Moore; Dr. Gilhooley, Jeremiah Donovan — all these old ' familiar faces' have vanished. And William Cordner, the celebrated organist and conductor, who directed the singing on the occasion, he, too, is no more. The clergy attached to St. Mary's at the time, and whose names are recorded on the brass tablet affixed to the corner-stone, were Archpriest Sheeby, Dean Healy, and the Eev. J. P. Fitzpatrick, still happily living, and the late Dean Dwyer and Fathers P. O'Farrell and J. J. Garvey. The magnificent gold trowel presented to Arohbishop Polding by the Catholic laity, and which would have been an object of great interest at the approaching festival, was stolen a year ago from the museum of St. John's College, where it had been placed by the late Archbishop Vaughan. After Dr. Barsanti's sermon — the discourse being based on the text, 'Therefore thug saith the Lord, Behold I will lay a stone on the foundation of Sion ; a tried stone, a corner-stone, a precious stone founded on the foundation. He that belie veth let him not hasten' — a collection was made, and £1700 was laid on the stone. An interesting feature of the proceedings was the presentation to Archbishop Polding of an affec tionately worded congratulatory address. The address was read by the late Hon. J. H. Plunkett, who, strangely enough, had 30 years back, on almost the same spot, presented an address to the same venerable Pontiff on his arrival in the colony. PROGRESS OF THE WORKS. A system of weekly meetiugs in the old Seminary was started and carried on with most cheering results. At these meetings and in the general work of raising funds for the building Archpriest Sheehy, Arcbdcacon (now Monaignor) Eigney, and the late Dean M'Carthy — 'Father Tim' — were conspicuous for their exertions. The late James Mullins, the late Eobert Coveny, and th9 late E. J. Hollingdale (hon treasurers) — Mr. William Hughes afterwards taking Mr. Holling dale's place, on the death of that gentleman — were the guiding spirits of the movement, and co operating with them were a body o£ lay collectors. as nne and gelr-sacrmcing a set of men as ever threw themselves heart and soul into a great cause. The task of collecting in the country districts was entrusted to the late Dean M'Carthy and Father W. J. Eiordan, and the amounts brought in by these two zealous collec tors exceeded all anticipations, both being singularly successful in enlisting practical sympathy and support for the work. Though there was no lack of earnestness or generosity, the progress of the Cathedral was undeniably slow till the arrival of the Iat9 Archbishop Vaughan as Coadjutor in 1873. The young prelate literally lifted the weight of the great undertaking off the shoulders of the venerable Archbishop Polding, and at once addressed him self to the task of transforming what was little more than a shapeless heap of stone into some thing like the form of a cathedral. After a time the weekly meetings were replaced by monthly meetings on a larger scale in the pro-Cathedral, and fresh energy and enthusiasm was infused into the movement. In March, 1877, the good old Archbishop, who had lived in the hope of see ing the Cathedral built, and during whose lifetime nearly £50,000 had been spent on the works, died, and three years later, on the 11th October, 1880, Archbishop Vaughan announced that the works would be pushed on till the building was fit to be roofed. This heroic resolution involved as a start a fresh contract of the amount of £30,000, but the Archbishop derived encouragement from the fact that over £3000 was subscribed at the meeting at which that announcement was made. Up to that period £59,675 14s 9d had been spent on the Cathedral ; and apart from the natural desire to complete the building, there was the fact to be faced that the costly masonry was exposed to the wind and rain and was likely to surfer consider ably if allowed to remain in its existing condition. It was a time for bold and brave action, and re lying on the generosity of the Catholic people and their other friends, Archbishop Vaughan, with the late Mr. Hollingdale and Mr. William Hughes, signed the contract for £30,000, by which Mr. John Young, who had been the contractor from the commencement of the building, was to have the Cathedral ready for opening— in an incom plete condition, of course— by the Gth of January, 1882\. Mr. Young kept his word, and the Arch bishop and his two treasurers took heart of grace when the money poured in from all parts of New South Wales and from the neighbouring colonies. The Archbishop received much as siatance from the Very Eev. Dr. Sheridan, V.G., and also from the Very Eev. Dean Mahony, and his Grace's splendid enthusiasm was caught up by all engaged in the work. The Cathedral was used for the purpose of a public meeting on the evening of the 17th of October, 1881, and the sum received on the occasion was £1723 Is. The first voices heard in the great building were those of the Archbishop and the late Mr. Dalley, who delivered eloquent addresses, the meeting numbering little less than 5000 people. Arch bishop Vaughan in his speech stated that Bince August 1880 he had written 1466 letters with his own hand, asking for aitl in building the Cathe dral, and when to this number was added a thousand replies in thanks for money received, the grand total of letters written by him to people, in all parts of New South Wales and in the neighbouring colonies, came to 2446. The total amount received by means of this letter writing, exclusive of promises, was £16,409 la 2d. The Archbishop's work for St. Mary's did not end there, for there was more money required, and with fresh appeals through the medium of his ' begging letters ' — as he himself called them — he got in ? by his personal efforts nearly £5000 more, which involved the writing of a total of some 3000 letters. There is now in the Cathedral, hung in a brass cornice, a lar^e roll of names of persons of all denominations and in all parts of Australasia — some thousands in ail — who forwarded donations to Sc. Mary's, in response to the Archbishop's letters. The names are written in Church text, with illuminated capitals, and bhis interesting record will, doubtless, be pre served and treasured for many generations in the Hlathedral. By means of a fair held before the ?^ning of the cathedral £5000 was raised. THE OPENING OF THE CATHEDRAL, 1882. Iready stated, it was intended w&ea; the contract was let for roofing arid partially complet ing the cathedral, that it would be opened at the beginning of 1882, but, as the time approached it was found that although the roof was on, it wo'tild be impossible to properly conduct the cere monies of the Church within the building. It was finally decided to open the edifice on Friday, 8fch September, 1882, the Feasc. of the1 Nativity of the Blessed Virgin, and this was dons'. The cere monies of the occasion, which extended Over three days, were the grandest ever witnessed in the Australian colonies. During the Triduum the immense sufn of J850OO was given as offerings. The blessing of the building was performed by Archpriesb Sheehy, assisted by the late Dean Dwyer and the late Father Fleming, at 7 o'clock on the morning of the 8th September, and the Arehpriest celebrated the first mass within the walls of the new building. The grand dedication ceremony took place at 11 o'clock, the honour of celebrating the High Mass falling to the late Bishop of Bathurst, Dr. Mathew Quinn. Arch bishop Vaughan presided over the ceremonies, Bishop Eedwood (now Archbishop) of Wellington, New Zealand, preached the opening sermon^ and Bishop Murray, of Maitland, Bishop Lanigan, of Goulburn, Bishop Torreggiani, of Armidale, Bi3hop Dunne (now Archbishop) of Brisbane, and Bishop Cani, of Eockhampton, Queensland, were present with o?er 100 priests. The magnificent musical service, in which 300 voices took part, was conducted by Mr. J. A. Delany. During the Triduum the preachers were Archbishop Eed wood, Prior Butler, O.C., Bishop Murray, the Very Eev. E.IVaughan, C.SS.E., Bishop Torreggi ani, and the Very Eev. T. Cahil], S. J. At the meeting in the cathedral on April 17, 1883, before Mb departure, Archbishop Vaughan made the gratifying announcement that the cathedral, which had cost £102,763 6s 7d, was perfectly free froni debt. It was on that occasion he said— 'Apart from the immense blessing of being able to worship here, we have placed this Sfc. Mary's Cathedral in such a condition that the community at large will never now be satisfied until roof and spire — until highest cross and highest finial — proclaim to every passenger and sailor steaming and sailing into Port Jackson that St. Mary's Cathedral, from deep and broad founda tion to giddy summit, is an accomplished fact. Now that the work I have set myself to is done, I feel small attraction for making long speeches and expatiating upon it. I feel more inclined to let our works speak for themselves.' The Arch bishop died in England on August 18, 18S3. CARDINAL KORAN'S SHARE IN THE WORK. Cardinal Moran, on arriving in Sydney in September, 1884, as the successor of Archbishop Vaughan, took up the work with an enthusiasm which has been sustained to the present day. Within a few dayB of his arrival, his Eminence called a meeting of the building committee, and the decision then arrived at to complete the northern gable was confirmed at a public meet ing held in the cathedral on the 17th of Novem ber, 1884. In his speech on that occasion the Cardinal in alluding to the circumstance that some 60 years ago the foundations of old Sfc. Mary's were laid, paid a tender tribute to ' the zealous priest who was the soul and centre of that group — one whose name shall long be held in veneration throughout the Australian continent, the Venerable Father Therry.' His Eminence also on that occasion spoke in glowing words of the saintly character and the self-aacrificing services of Archbishop Polding, who laid and reared the foundations of the new cathedral. Speaking of the opening of the new building his Eminence said: 'We owe it to another whose name shall be ever echoed with praise within these walla— the most illustrious Eoger Bede Vaughan. With all his energies and with an indomitable, persevering earnestness never surpassed in this southern world, he ap plied himself to the task of completing this grand structure to the honour of God. Yes, if St. Mary's is now available for Divine worship, and if, . even in an imperfect way, it reflects that which will one day be its crowning splendour, we owe it to the heroic devotedness of the late Archbishop.' With these and other generous acknowledgments of ithe work done by those who had passed away, His Eminence addressed himself to the task ef advancing the Cathedral works yet another stage towards completion. At the meeting to which we have referred Mr. John Young's contract to finish the northern gable for the sum of £4350 was accepted, and £900 was immediately subscribed. The gable is richly decorated with sunk tracery, and the lower portion contains five niches with carved canopies and pedestals. The gable ia flanked by two massive pinnacles rising from the buttresses, and richly carved. In January, 1886, the last instalment due in respect of this contract was paid, the whole of the work stipulated therein having been at that time completed. On the recommendation of the architect a further outlay of £233 14s was made in respect of the alterations in and additions to the Cathedral structure which were necessary to be effected for the protection of tho building itself. The Cardinal then turned his attention to completing the sanctuary of the Cathedral. In 1887, towards the end of the year, the fianance committee, presided over by his Eminence, determined to enter upon another instalment of tho work, and, in January, 1888, at a public meeting held in the Cathedral under the presidency of his Excellency Lord Carringfcon, the desirability of such a proceeding was enthu siastically affirmed. On that occasion the Governors, Archbishops, and Bishops of the neighbouring colonies who visited Sydney to take part in the Centennial celebrations of the colony honoured the meeting with their presence. At that memorable meeting, besides the Cardinal, there were present seven Governors, three Arch bishops, three Bishops, and 5000 people. The late Mr. Dalley was the principal speaker, and the financial result wa3 £2231 2s. Accordingly, tenders were invited for the completion of the Cathedral f com the northern gaMe to the centre tower, including the permanent roof over the game, as a Centennial Memorial, and a. contract was in March of that year entered into with Mr. John Try, the successful tenderer,, involving a sum of £21,500, to be paid during a period of four years from that date, tho payment; of two-fifths of tbat sum being guaranteed during the first year, and one-fifth during each succeeding year. The Cardinal and the finance committee, on the urgent recommendation of the architect, who pointed out the absolute' necessity ,oi proceeding with the Cathedral Tower, entered into a fresh contract with that end, to carry thei. -structure up to the level of about 24 feet above the capitals of I the piers of tlio central tower, and also to erect; i one jamb of each window next the tower in the | nave and transepts. The new contract, which. 1 watf taken up by Mr. John Try, involved I an additional outlay of £7450. All these works 1 are now finished, both contracts being finished I several years is advance of the specified time. I The amount of money owing1 in connection with i Mr. Try's ' contract .5s, we understand, about I .£14,000, but by the terms of the contract over | fiVe years remains to pay off jbhe debt. It will | thus be seen that since Cardinal Moran began his | work in connection with St. Mary's (exclusive of 1 the large sums s'pent on the interior of fche build- I ing) nearly £34,000 has been expended.- I THE COST OF SSE CATHEDRAL. . | Up to 1887 the total spent on the cathedral, in- I chiding cost of internal fittings, was £122, 791 11s . 1 4d. The grand total up to the preaenfc '.time is I about £140,000. The following is a list of the 1 principal contracts in connection with the build- I ing proper since. the work commenced :t— 1 & a. d. i Foundations— Completed, 1868. Cost 12,937 8 9 I Superstructure — No. 1 Contract— 1 Completed, ] 871. Cost ... 20,075 16 0 § No. 2 Contract— Completed, 187V. i Cost ? ... 13,112 10 O I No. 3 Contract— Completed, 1880, I Cost ... ? ... ,21,390 0 0 I No. 4 Contract— Completed, 1883. i Cost ? 21, 687 6 10 1 No. 5 Contract — Completed, 1885. ? 1 Cost ? 4,3^0 0 0 I No. 6 Contract— Completed, 1889. 1 Cost ... ... ' ... ... ?? 21,500 0 0 I No. 7 Contract— Completed, 1889. i Cost ... ? 7,450 P 0 I THE VAUGHAN MEMORIAL WINDOW. i The magnificent northern window which stands* ij as a memorial of the late Archbishop Vaughazf- i was erected partly by the subscriptions of the 1 Catholic school children of the diocese of Sydney. i This window cost £1234. The movement for tbo 1 erection of the window was started by the school! if children during Archbishop Vaughan' s -lifetime-.. |j £502 was subscribed, including £30 from Dr; K Vaughan himself. The children collected £388, 1 the schools of the Sisters of Charity heading the- 1 list with £110, and the Sisters of the Good I Samaritan, Pitt-street, and the Sisters of Mercy, i Sb. Patrick's, following with £68 and £24 respec- 1 tively. After the Archbishop's death it was de- I cided that the addib onal sum required to cover 1 the cost of the window should b« taken from 'the I Vaughan Memorial Fund.' The order for the I execution of the window was then Bent to Eng- B land, and the unveiling by Cardinal Moran took I place during the imposing ceremonies of then Plenary Council in 1885. It iB the largest and1, probably the finest window in the colonies, and the Coronation of the Blessed Virgin forms the principal subject. This groat northern window, as well as the twelve other windows, has come from the celebrated house of Hardman and Co., of Birmingham. : ...... THE PRESENTATION WINDOWS.. All the other stained-glass ?windows at present in the Cathedral have been erected by private generosity or by the subscriptions of Catholic associations. Twelve windows have been eseeted at a cost of £2513. These, too, are emblems of the charity of zealous benefactors, and several o2 them serve as well to commemorate worthy I helpers who in their lives worked hard and have I now ceased from their labours. That representing- 1 St. Joseph was the gift of the late Mr. Jeremiah. I Donovan, who also presented the window of the ? Annunciation. Tho window of the Visitation 1 was given by Mr. John Johnson. That of the if Nativity by the Catholic cabmen of Sydney. The M cost of the Sacred Heart window was defrayed |1 by the Catholic Young Women's Society, Sydney. 11 The A. H. C. Guild presented the Finding of Oar Lord in the Temple. The Agony in the Garden was the gift of the Catholic printers. D.t. John J. Donovan gave the window representing the Eesurrection, and Mr. John Kceshan that o$ the Ascension. The Descent of the Holy Ghost was presented by Miss Sbarkey, and Mr. Henry Austin gave the Assumption of the' Blessed! Virgin, and tbat representing St. Peter was the; , gift of Mrs. Hugbes. LARGE DONATIONS AND BEQUESTS. The name of the late Very Eev. Dean Leonard! stands highest on the list of bequests, that vene rable clergyman having bequeathed the munificent sum of £7000 to the cathedral. Among other large bequests may be mentioned Mr. Patrick. Higgins, £1000; Monsignor Lynch, £1000; Mr. j Jeremiah Donovan, £1000; Mr. Maguire, £991 j John Hughes, K.S.G., £300, a'nd tho Eight Hon. W. B. Dalley, £183. Several other bene- H factors left sums ranging from £100 to H £200. Perhaps of all living benefactors Sir ? Patrick Jennings has been the most princely, ? his donations amounting to considerably over K £2000. On the death of Lady Jennings last ? year Sir Patrick gave £100 as a memorial offerirg B in her name. In the subscription lists of late 1 years the name of Toohey Brothers (John Toohey3 I K.C.S.G., and James Toohoy, M.P.), Dalton 1 Brothers (James Dalton, K.C.S.G., and T. Dal- | ton, M.P.), and Dr. Donovan, have alwayB been I coupled with large donations. I OTHER GIJi'TS. , I The richest and costliest gifts are the High Altar and reredoa. The High Altar, the main feature within the building, stands out in an artistic prominence ' to the greater glory of God and in grateful memory of Archbishop Polding/' imd as a testimony to the munificence of the Kiley family, who supplemented their original donation and completed the exquisitely-carved reredos* Messrs. A. J. Eiley and iJ. T. Riley, representing the family, originally gave £1000 to erect the High Altar and a portion of the reredos, and. sub sequently gave £914 to finish the work with which their names are peculiarly associated. The reredos of the Lady Altar was erected by Cardinal Moran at a cost of .£375, and the late Mr. Jeremiah Donovan defrayed the coat (£225) ok' tho completion of the reredos of St. Joseph's Altar. The handeome and massive commimion rail of the High Altar was presented by the Very Eev. Dean Mahony, of Penrith — for many years attached to St. Mary's — the work costing £322. The Arch bishop's Throne was erected at a cost of ^8250 by the family of the lata Jame3 Mullins, who was for many years one o? the treasurers of the Building Fund. Sir Patrick Jennings and Lady Jenning3 presented the beautiful statue of the Blessod I Virgin in tho Lady Ciiapol and also a group o£ I Btit statuary in the same portion o£ the Cathedral. Hi The members of the Hibernian Society presented JH the richly-carved Baptismal font of Oamura ||| stone in the southern end of the building, which |fp cost .£100 ; and the statue of St. Patrick, also M} carved in snow-white stone, which cost overdSlOO, fjm is also theic gift. The handsome sanctuary lamps £(f at either Bide of the, High. Altar were presented pf fey ^r- & J-, Hollingdajo, for nlany years one of ;!ji| the hon. treasurers of the Building Fund. Tho m late Mr. M'Quade, of Potts' Point, a toh most generous benefactor, gave .£500 and Jp Lady Jt linings .£100 towards the organ fund ;f j at the opening of the Cathedral in 1882, but the Tp proposed new instrument — for which ,£1300 is in ' 1] hands— has not jet been erected. The cost of U, erecting and furnishing the altars of the Sacred Mjj Heart, Our Blessed Lady, St. Joseph and St. [|' Peter was defrayed by private subscriptions, a ft special fund having been started for each. The f ' conference of the Sacred Heart sustained the m I greater part of the expense in connection with jg j the Sacred Heart Chapel, over .£200 being sub Wj Bsribed by the members. The two chaste marble sp holy water fonts, which stand at the northern sr end of the building, were specially purchased in * Italy by the late John Hughes, K.S.G., slid wbre presented by that gener'oub btue factor at the opbhing of the Cathedral in 1&&2. The Stations of tho Cross which adorn the walk .» i of the cathedral — a series of admirable oil paint v ! ings almoBt life size, executed by a celebrated t French artist— are almost all gifts. The pictures, f | which cost .£300, were selected by tbe Cardinal on j^j nte fitsfc irisit to Europe; and the following were I-J Subscribed and presented to tbe.cath^dra,!. No; l.- ||| Mrs. Andrew Fitzgerald ; No. 2, the Holy Family ii Society ; No. 3, the Sacred Heart Society j Ns. 4, B Mrs. Stanfield and Mrs. Mullins ; No. 5, the A.H.C. H Guild ; No. 6, the Ladies of the Altar Society ; i| No. 10, Mrs. John Young; No. 12, the Total H Abstinence Association; No. 13, Mrs. Hughes; lH No. 14, Miss Sharkey. The handsome lectern ii which stands on the sanctuary is the gift of the H Eev. H. B. Callachor, O.S.B. Tbe late Archbishop l| Vaugb&n; gave .£300 towards the erection of the H§ sanctuary railing. His Eminence Cardinal |H Moran, with a view to perpetuating the memory |H of Archpriest Therry and Archdeacon M'Encroe, |H gave a handsome donation towards the erection of || a special altar to be dedicated to St. Patrick and H tbe Irish saints, and as something like .£200 is now M available for this purpose the altar will probably H soon be proceeded with. n THE BELLS. H The present peal of bells in the old tower, which E first rang out their ponderous notes at the open B ing of the new Cathedral in 1882, were presented fj by the late Archbishop Vaughan. All the bells H beat the following, in bas relief church text : — H ' Presented by the Most Reverend Eoger Bede H Vaiigban; Archbishop of Sydney, 1881 \' and in ? addition to this each has a name of a saiiit or a H sacred motto: — No. ], St. Francis; No. 2, St; I Benedict ; No. 3, St. Patrick ; No. 4, St. John the ? Baptist ; No. 5, St. Joseph ; No. 6, Ora pro nobis ; I No. 7, Mary tho Mother of God; No. 8, Nomen ? Jesu Chrisbi. We may remark that the tower, ? which is a portion of the old Cathedral, is a mas ? eive structure, the walls being something like B four feet in thickness. The old peal, cast in 1842, I was sent back to England, all except one small B bell which was purchased by St. Patrick's Church, i Latrobe, Tasmania. I DESCRIPTION OP THE BUILDING. I A specially-written architectural description of I the building will be given in our next issue. 