CHECKMATED. BY CSFTJUN L'ESTBAXGE. 3 lie world had gone wrong .with iuc lately, ao to speak. I, Gerald Mortimer, a young man about towu, a member of two West-cud < clubs, aud of expensive if not extravagant tastes, had quarrc&ed; witli my uncle— the only uviug reiuuve i naa. excepting a bull-cousin— from whom hitherto I had received a handsome quarterly allowance, aud, us the phrase goes, had 44 great expectations." But this was not the worst of it. I was desperately iu love with a very pretty girl, and though no actual engagement existed between us, I lieu fondly believed I was acceptable not only to the youug lady in question, but to her parents. Now, however, to add to my cUagriu at fiadiug myself comparatively with out means, 1 fancied, rightly or wrongly, that I was receiving the 44 cuhl shoulder" from the father and mother of my adorable Mabel. To live aud clothe myself decently, pay tho somewhat, heavy subscription to my two clubs, and keep up the aforementioned rather expen sive tastes, I had just two huudred pounds a year— the rental of a small landed property bequeathed to mo brmr lnfn father. Mr rlnbfA. to be sure, were neither overwhelming nor particularly pressing. A couple of hundred or so would pay them : but then, again, that couple of huudrc-tl was twelve months' income. This uucle of mine, ray dead father's elder brother, from whom my chief source of income had been derived, was a country squire, with, a big rent-roll, jovial and hospitable as a rule, but ccccntiic to a degree. The mischief l>e- tweeu ne had come about as unexpectedly ae it was sudden. I had been accused of that of which I was us innocent as a babe, aud in hotly repudiating the charge had given dire offence. However, although pairing m anger, it was not until my monetary allowance was stopped that I realised the bitterness of the quarrel. Johu Mortimer, my half -cousin, was a young ellow about a year or two my junior ; butsnme- fhow, although so near of an age. as well as bring relatives and frequently meeting, wo bad never taken kindly to each other. Aud now I shrewdly suspected that whatever of mischief had stepped between my uncle and rac had been wrought by Master Jack Mortimer, and deter- ' that it should not be uiy fault if be were not brought lo book. However, alter what I have wntten, aud much more, having been the subjects of my thoughts for some days, 1 determined to mnkoa last effort to set matters right with iny uncle. J had been accused of z-iiubling — of having lost upwards of five huudivd puuiids al cards at one sitting— which was utterly false : for whatever juv failings, ihe curse of gambling could not be reckoned amongst them. One spring morning, after a night journey of a couple ut hundred miles from town', found me ot the nearest railway station to my uncle's manor, with no luggage bey md a small travel ling bag and a rug. The little market town where 1 alighted was bul live mili> from ti;e , llall, and lircihtatiingat the one decent hotel in j the phi. "c. 3 elected tow:-!!: tbed"i>i.in:e. bavirg | my euciuiibr.m, 'c.. in charge of the him'tladv, t'i , whom J was wriM nov/i-. ' On the wav. and fsncciallv when I arrived at i the jiark.thaniqil.-ii'.aiAft'i-lingWi.-btroii.Mip.in I mc th it mv un.-i,- mighr ihvhne to -i::nr me the I interview \v!::.-h i now generality n I ! -.,n ! was soon ov,-r : and \ ct. wii-m di'niM'd. 1,'e e ,uhi ! lie u? oli-tinatc ji<"t i.jen. a? 1 'rull.fr | TTingi-trate-ii.Ml piov-.-ii ori m.mv lb:! ! Ii. niy art'L-nljli. mii-ju-i.v- I was lol.l. i-M- „ij | .-iri'ival r.ad I i It < 1 i) c oi.l 1 Mii-vauSs-a Strang- u mc ii:.m ;0 li::vc to scin; in mv na.-a'.' — tljat t!:j : .Lire" W..MH C.-C, 1,1 1 W liatcvcr l.-rii.- )io;,v lic.vc l.cc:, | in mv hear: a- M a r-.v iiOiri niDn k-In-ccii i:- I s.iliiili>iiK- Imr -r it it,,- iiiii-i.i nti-uM- ij<. 1 i souin and usur.ilv kiinhv old lace was dark wi'h aisiilcuFui-p. am!" Oicie w.-i- a col-.i, roiitviajini.-iii. glance in 1 us bine eye? a thev me: mine whiui I had nevci seen bci iito "Have vou nn sense of shame left, <; o:\ild MortinK-i'," he s.iid. in ;t hard voh'e. aitir h" Lflii elosvJ the d- -or briim-j him. 44 that you have tho i-jiiont' iy to Caine to this hou.-n vou. who hae disgra eJ the name Vou bear— dis graced tin meniury of your gullaut falbnr. win dii'd for his cinintiy— :;inl have cumrziueu " 1 fail toumin-.taml yc'u. sir." 1 rcjoiu.-d utterly ast >um:t-d at his words. 44 If v.nt are a'duding t-« t.ho :u"cu«atiiin you made '.vain-: me as lo gambling. I repudiate it now a> i did before. In fact, X am here to-day to try " "IMifiw!"' he interrupted. "Hnuest men have gambled : and in time I might have i -r- given it. if you had fctopped :.l that, mid lov.n . your regret for what had pissed, jjut vou— i you. Mor.'i:n»r — to «t-K)j) to fergcrv.' " ; " It is i.ilsc," I erica— false as" the other 1 charge. And xvlirwnvr has imisoucd your tuiud i agaijjj-t in1, lies in liis t-jctii !" | " Gerald Mortimer, not add falsr-h-j .d 4ij rniirotliui- «!.. "for. unhappily. 1 hold the proof that vou. mv . own tiephi-w. have lorg«u iuv n-nm:." 1 Aud, ac In- mv uncle took from the' breaFt of his ghooTing-jucket, a letter, frnm which, when untV J.ied he prodiuud a smaller piece of paper. j 44 Examine t!;:»t. sir," he added. 44 and let me ' hear if you have- the < ffronlcrv to likewise dcuv | ycur own signature;'4 j I could scarcely credit ray own eve-sight when | J looked at whst'was written within. It was a liiiiionmiiyd aei"'»pt;:iiee lor ix bun Ji 'd pounds, . drawn.: little over three month1- !».: unin ! Richard Mortisnor. JJs.juinu an l -igu. il ( ;..rald f Mortimer, and apparently duly ...xepted bv my ' 44 "Well, fir," nekc-i he. immtienllv. 14 what I have you to say | 44 That I have never seen this docutuu K- ! lore to-dat I answer -d. I 44 \Ylial!'" he thundered. 44 Do vr, : ; dure i deny to uie your own signature, which 1 know 1 as well as I do mv own j 44 3 <1 o deny it i'1 1 added, passionat'-lv. 44 The 1 signature is so good ;.u imitation ut tniuo that I utulev ordinary circumstances it nu-rht do- ( ceive c-veu my.-elf : but I swear "to ran. ' sir. that 1 never drew or accepted a bill hi mv 1 iif?." I tUiiik tha1. my uncle believed mc, for the whole expression > bis fare rhiingi-i! : but. still. as lie took the bill trim me he glanced at it again and again with a puzzled look. for. as will presently appear, there was. some cmilrm- atorv evidence iu hie mind, in addition to the handwriting. Seeing that );c hesitated, and was not just then disposed to sjit-ak. I added : 44 Will you pleaso tell mo, sir. all that has transpired, so far as you ere are aware, in con nection with that forged acceptance !' 44 Yes,"' be replied, 44 that is only fair. A? I understand it was presented in due course to the London ogf-nts of my b.mki rs. who. having received no instructions, declined to pay it. Ou being communicated with. I repudiated all knowledge of such draft, until, to my horror, X learned tliat it liore your signature, when, to save the honour of our family, I gave instruc tions that it should lie taken up. At tlie same time I de>ire:l that inquiries should be insti tuted ; and the person in whose hands it was— a WcEt-end money-lender— asserted that he discounted the bill 'for you, and. further, that you were known to him personally. Here is kw name at the hack ox the bill, ond what purports to lie your endorsement to him. f 44 It is as false ae tbc ret. rir," I said, a few ) moments later, wheu I had taken a Bcccmd ' glance at the forged hill. 44 1 know the man 1 by name, but I know nothing good of him. I j have had no trarjs'idious with him— in fact, j never spoke to him in my life." 1 44 You declare this upon vour honour. Gerald Mortimer >" asked my uncle, after a pause. 4 1 do. sir." I added, 44 and I am going back to London at once to face this rascally money lender." 41 You will star bore until to-morrow,4' g&id; my uncle, looking at his watcb. " I want time to think, and to talk the matter over quiet! v." If you please, no, sir," I rejoined, deter- tmnedly. "The answering of an infamous charge like this admits of no delay." " But you have Jiecn travelling all night, 1 expect," added the squire, 44 and require some rest, surely r" The words were kindly meant and expressed, but I was resolved to depart, aud afror a hasty luncheon I wan driven in a dog-cart to the railway station, bring just iu time to call for my bag and rug. and catch an up fast train. The following morning shortly before II o'clock found me at tlie office ' of the money lender who had held tho forged acceptance, and who had asserted that he bad received it from me. Much to ray chagrin, however, I wae told that ho was not iu. aud would not be at busi ness till the morrow. There was hut oue soli tary clerk in the office, a cbarp-eyed old man, who glinced at mc curiously, and, as it occurred to me, ae though I was not unknown to him : aud moreover, on dediuing to give my name, I fancied the ghost of a smile played about his thin lips. After leaving the money-lender's office I et rolled aloug Piccadilly to the park. Being iust then in the height of the season, and a brilliant morniug, the Row was pretty full of equestrians, many of whom were known to me. Iliad been ieaniug over the railiugs for some time, bnt happened to turn round at the moment a ou nage was passing along the drive going westward. In it were Seated mv adorable Mabel and her father, and as X raised ray hat, the fair object of. ray Affection gave me a little bow and a halMrighfened'emile; but, to my disgust aud anger, the gentleman vouch safed not the slightest acknowledgment (o ray salutation. Considering (hat, if notartually an accepted suitor of hits daughter, iny pretention buil not been ignored, and tbiit for two seasons I had been a welcome visitor to his house, this slight was, to say the least of tt, offensive. However, I was only being taught the difference between on heir-presumptive to tuuch wealth and a young man with two hundred pounds n year. . The following day I was to have another odd experience of life, but of a fur different kind. 1 was to meet with n case of the mart unparal leled impudence und audacity tliat surely man ever eucouutored. About the same hour as ou 1he previous morning I onrc more called "nt the office of the money-lender, bill discounter, or whateverhe might style himself, and, u.® though I were expected, was immediately ushered into his private room, unannounced \is to name. He was young, well-dressed, and not bad looking, aud received me with a very cool nod, 44 When I tell yop that I am Mr. Gerald Mortimer," 1 raid, "you will guess the object of my visit." 44 There is uo occasion to give me vour name." was the cool reioinfliM-. »fnr T h-w too much cause to remember it ami you. It beats me, Mr. Gerald Mortimer, hou you have the assurance to show your face here again after foisting upon me a forged bill." 44 You infamous scoundrel," I exclaimed, almost beside myself with rage. 44 you know this is the first tune that c\4er you spuke to me in your Itfe, aud you have the audacity to sit there and avow that I have had transactions with you, 44 Go on, ray friend," retorted the fellow, with an insolent 'a ugh, 44 No," 1 added, 44 1 have nothing more to say to you. Thcpoliconre the projier parlies t'o deal with such rascals as you. Mark mi4, man, you and your accomplices in this cnusnirucy shall fee! the penalties of the bnv. Yuii have forged or connived at the forgery of both my uncle'.'5 siguuturc aud mine, aiid you shall huflor for it." The scoundrel laughed defiantly as I walked out of his room— a scoffing, mocking laugh t hat 1 could hear until 1 got iuto tho street. Once clear of this infamous den, iuy first idea was to go to Scotland Yard and place the matter in the hands of the police authorities: audi netunllv went some distance towards I 'huriug Cross with that intention in my mind. A little thought, however, induced ine to decide upon takincthe advice of an old lri» mi ot mine ii-t»»re tiring anything fuvthvr. Hu wm u man my >v'Viiov by unly a year or iw.»— for we had Ikch fellows— hut one upon who.s-j g..r..J offi-es and knowledge o.4 tbc world I could thoroughly rely, r On reaching his chambers in the Alhinv ho re ceived me kindly. Thou, when he had listened to my story. h»» said : " A rnsc-illy business. Gerald, my W>v. and I question if your first idea of going dueet to So itlanu Yard would nm have heoti the be-t thing you could have done. II-Hvev«-r. there f will be nothing lost by wailing untii to-morrow. ' j Dinc widi mc to night, guwnhinc to ih«- opera! ami thou you shall have ntv derision before we I purr." | j " Agreed!" I answered : and having gone ! Ovr diime:" he told me tliat he fin-l alri-adv I come to the ronHndon thai ! murt s.« tin- ' priiec. and it w.-.w avrang.-l th.,i h- shnnht 4, aecomp:iuvineto<.-o:hind Yard on :ii« roll..w- ! tug Morning. !r w:is latheiJate w!it-u w«- got' t i i.Vivei.I liat iiCii 'J'lu'etro. but We wnein t;7ue j for the last two acts »! the opera. ;md stured ' out the ball-":, i hi getting downir.tn t!:e 1 ild-v j there was a hit of a ri i>!i, for limn- had !i.-pji a very full h-mse, and we hu.' to w.dt !,: a i minute or two. | ; fomesMiuy pusnro. ngmns: a» it .-eemcd— ami I : urned tu f-;c who 'wa« the | j atrgtosor. To my a-roms-ament 3 di-rovere-i I i that the man standing iie.ir.-st to ii, \ -old win I | mijfc? have been the per.-on who fo>tleu me, was : j ihe Vaseuliy UMiiey- lender with wiiom I had ha.d I j tl»e interview that m n-niug. He wai evidently | «.Jy waiting ;>_ sce tjie p-oplc «iej-,a:f. iV,;- he ! j th'.rt wnt an insolent. agg;av:i!;:ig tuc-er on i-i- ! fa e. 1 3'.--«siblr the push which the ie)l<w gave me! ! might have been .Tvidental, hut the M.--er uml ' ! the indolent looks were not. ira-l wi'.ho":: a thought of where 1 was— that lauie- were 1 almost touching me ou the other side — I struck i ! him. -Straight from the .-houldi-r ut. ever it j ! went in my life, my right fist caught btm full in ! tue inauth, and lie went down with a ' iu«h. It j ' was ad over in a few second-. .Sonic ponpk- ' | <.. mi: between us. my fiietul .-eiica ine bv the t : arm, and pieseir.lv we were iu a hzt..s-«iu oih, I ' being bring driven westward. 44 ciei.ild. my hoy. what were y.-n thinking' about ';' said toy comp inion wi.en )> );.id ..of ' ju- into the cab." In the n iun < ot neaey I "rder. my dear fellow, what had the man done t'«yn u n.a, you fcuock mm d.iwi: like , that;" 44 Jh ne to me !" I ;:ltBwerrri. hotlv. "Itwns :he I'riiuw we were sp-iking of 'to-day— the rascally njomw-lender who Jorged. or at all events held that bill." " Oh, oli !'» ejaculated my friend, laughing foftlr: ,4I understrmd it all iVov. Neverthi-h-ss! you would have been n wix'r man if vu had kci-t ye.ur Imnds off' biiu.'" 44 1 could not help it." I reirined. 44Jf»» nubbed ngaiuEt mo a wo won. coming out. and :t you had teen the Hioer that xit his face. 1 laucy you would have liouo as 1 did if you had betu in uiy pla-.e,'' ' IVrhaps." was the admission. hut anvliow we must bo before ldm in tho suoming. «'t we may have him invoking the aid of y magistrate of ourselves. Tin. cab was pulled up just then to tell the driver to teke us to one of the two dubs of whiriil was n member, little thinking at the moment of the teiriblc right of which my tvieml audi were shortly to l«e witne.e- by going there. In ihe suiokc-rnunj, on our airival. we found several men, well known to both of us. audamongtt tbera n Guards-ruuu it; uniform who had Iwii on duty, and looked in «u J.i- wayto his chambers. V»c had not been many minutf? in ih» dub when ov.e of the waiter "rushed iut > the snmke- with the startliug atmouncemenr that oue of the member was lying, cither dead or dying, on a couch in the card room. Springing to our Ject we hurrnd in a bodv to the adjoining apartment, and never sdiall \ lorget the seeue which a laomeut or two met my eves Lying on one of the couches, his limbs an features fixed in the last terrible convulsion oi death, was my own cousin. Dick Mortimer, aud almost as we arrived there, all was over. Apo plexy some of thn mem said it was. but poisoned l.-y his own act it proved to be when the doctors had examined the body, aud the inquert ffad been held. The cause of death, however. I guessed at that night, ot, more correctly speaking, it: the early hours of tlie morning, when I returned to my rooms. Lying on the table J found a letter front my unhappy cousin, which had arrived during my absence. In it lie confessed, out of a spirit ot pique and revenge, lo having forged juv name to the bill and our uncle's acceptance of it. Hi? accomplice, the money-lender, ho further 6tat<-d. was to have the proceeds for conniving at this criminal transaction, and. in fact, had been the one to BUggett the scheme for ruining mc. I telegraphed nt once to the squire, ond he arrived tci town with the least possible delay. In the interval, the police had been at work, but their endeavour to arrest 1h« rogue of u monev-leildur had ffnftii fritit1nc< TTW #.1,1- — I found at the office, but professed to know | nothing, and his moster.s.o far as I have been !able to learn, was Been 110 morn. He had drawn a large cheque uj»on his bank, leaving hut it balance of » few pounds, nn tbo previous after noon, nud the last that was knowu of hira was when I knocked him down at Goveut Garden Theatre. j TJtat I was rcslcred to my uncle's favour and j to roy old position as to 44 expectations," it is scarcely necessary for me to relate : but it may : be interesting if 1 add that I married Mattel, and thereby became one of the most hannv of tnortale.- — // W./y Jiodfjrt. The present Pojie (says the 1'nU M«U Gxn tu) ta ut-bcrujuieu iu move wim uie age. it is not only tliat he leaves the Vatican at times, but he opens part of it which the public hitherto knew only by refutation. He has now given dircc tioiiB tliat the Borgia galleries be thiown oiwrn. Among the 11,000 rooms of the Vatican this suite lias been quite forgotten, and yet it was once the very residence, the actual living-room?, of the 'ope6.r Alexander VL-bud thnta deco rated by .Piuturcchio, who came dowu lo point them, etoiming on his way at Pc-rugia and Orvicto. Then Sixtus V. tliouglit the apartments too sunk, and built the splendid Sle on the north aide of the Cortilc of San amaso. where he and his successors have ever since lodged. The old rooms were locked up, and put to occasional use, as for the accommo dation of Cardinals during the Conclave, or even for the tables of the bitntolcuti during Holy Week. Pius \ IL, indeed, collected some pictures aud statues which were kept here, and one room waa devoted to au urmoury, the kccontrements of Julius IL, the wanior Pone, bezug.the chief attractjou. All these galleries will: shortly be thrown open: a&id; tliis will be the fifrt »tq» toward« letting dk?light into parts of .the Vatican -unknown even to the Pones themselves. ' - 