CORNISHMAN'S ASSOCIATION OF NEW SOUTH WALES. INAUGURAL BANQUET. The newly-formed Cornishman's Association of New South Wales, and to which already over 100 members have subscribed their adherence, held its inaugural banquet last night in the rooms of the Sydney Catering Company. The attendance was large Mr W, Curnow, president of the association, occupied the chair, and he had the support of Dr. Kelynack, vice president Dr Crago, vice-chair, Mr T Marks, score tart, Mr N. Hawkins, M.L.A., and Mr W Oates, the proceedings were of an interesting character, and they were enlivened by song and music The CitAinviAN crops and the toasts of "The Queen," " Our Own Duke,'' und "The Governor " Dr CnAOii proposed " the Ministry and Parliament," He remarked that there were 23 Cornishmen in the two Houses of Parliament, and that was a large proportion to come from the old country. In the near future one or two important matters would require to be considered by the Parliaments The most important was I federation, and it was to be hope that the members of both houses would devote their best abilities to the preparation of the constitution of the future Empire Hear, hear ) When the present unfortunate strike had terminated, be desired to see Parliament legislate to prevent the recurrence of such events in the future, and further, he looked to the Corniahmi n inside and outside Parliament to operate the bill which was about to be introduced to convert the Australian Sunday into a Continental Sunday. (Hear, hear.) Mr. HAWKIN, M LA in reply, said that while he disagreed with the Government in its Federation policy, he firmly believed that the movement also ady comic need would, in the course of time, become an accom Elulled tact With regard to the bid which Mr Crago had referred to he had no fear that it would become law during the present session There was the danger, however, that such a bill would be introduced into Parliament and passed and under these circum stances, he urged upon all Corns hasten to assist in an opposition to the bill (Hear, hear ) Mr- H.- ", " ,h- Knit are few finer. " Dr. KELYNACK responded. He said he was not aware of the exact basis of the new association which was gathering together those from that western soil which they all loved so well. He judged that one of the objects was to cherish In the hearts of Cornishman a feeling, fresh and warm, of attachment to the dear old spot they called the old home. (Hear, hear.) Further, be imagined they desired to remember in this way all that was best in it, all that was true and noble that they might exemplify those same qualities under those Southern skies. (Hear, hear.) There was no intention also, he believed, on the part of the association in some way who who knew not of, to stretch out its hand across the seas to help the struggling and the worthy as occasion might altered, from what was often a hard grinding lot to one in which the conditions of life were more easy and more conducive to well-being. (Hear, hear.) While it aimed at that he trusted one further object of the association would be to hearken one another as Cornishman in their loyalty to the great duties which belonged to this great new laudation, hear) -a land that opened up a sphere to everyone in which their ambitions and strength of character might combine to make it a home to compare with the one they left behind, and to which they so tenderly thing. (Hear, hear) He referred in warm terms to the picturesque beauties of Cornwall, and to the characteristics of its people. The Cornish type was one, he said, which could not fail to comment the respect and esteem of all who were brought into contact with it. The country had brought forth sons and daughters who worthily accredited her in the old world and did not dishonour her in the new. Many eminent instance I might be eil d of distinction, won by Cornish mon-of men like Simmy Drew, of Opie, the painter, and Humphrey) Davey, of men who had fought in their country's cause and had died upon the battlefield, of men who had of night upon seas which were crimson with their blood, and yet again, of others in different aph rest of life who were equally worth), having con- st (rated their which intelligence, BCll-sscrifico, and labour to speed the causes of humanity and religion. (Hear, hear.) He said that much to doniiinnfrato to them that they were connected with an illustrious brotherhood, and to urge upon the in the duty which arose from such an association that they must PI ck to cultivate worthiness in themselves. (Hear, hear.) if they only caught the best traditions of the dear old land, imitated us best examples. and reproduced its spirit of unswerving devotion to duty, in that way they would beat attest their attachment and fidelity to all that was best in the old home, and most ably discharge their duty in increasing the purity and power of the new one. (Hear, hear.) Mr. MARKS proposed, " The Cornishman's Association of New South Wales," and it was received with cheers The CHAIRMAN, in response, said that a Cornishman, to find his kith and kin, had hitherto had to look to Melbourne went to Adelaide. Like the Scotchman, the Cornishman was not or at home except he was. abroad. It had been stated that there were 32 Cornishmen In our Parliament, and he replied that, if the burn- ing eloquence and keen wit of the Cornishman were more frequently heard in Parliament it vfru d be the better far it (Hear, hear.) He did not intend to make reflections, there were at least Cornishman enough to form an association, and a very respectable association even to start with Why should they not have an association? As a rule our associations were got up in the interests of trade, but here was one established for mutual help, for intercourse, and for keeping up the memory of their childhood and their Home. (Hear, his sr ) It was a long time since some of them left the old home, and many chances had happened. The railway had got there, and the giants, the ghosts and the skins had gone. He did not know that it was a bad thing after all to keep up racial associations. He liked the cosmos less, but the cosmopolitan lover was frequently a very poor thing. The man who loved every- body was often the man who loved nobody in particular forecasted, they would remember, loved mankind, but he preferred the man who loves men, (Hear, hear.) A Cornishman innocents n was a very natural thing. Say what they might there was a separateness, and a distinctiveness about the man w his car could not be denied, 'they had lost the Cornish parliament and language, but they still retained the Cornish brogue, the Cornish temperament, and the Cornish blood, (Hear, hear.) It was a brave and muscular race, and an intelligent people, and Australia was the richer for possessing there (Hear, hear ). If they had property, trust it to a Cornishman; if they had friendship, trust it to a Cornishman Give him »hatoverta-k they liked, and he would fulfil it. (Hear, hear.) If the association contributed towards the development of the distinguishing qualities they ought to feel proud at having participated in its inauguration. (Hear, hear.) Mr. W OVTPB proposed " Tish, Tin, and Copper," and it was responded to by Mr. Hawkins. Other toasts honoured. were, " Our Adopted Home," "The Ladies," and " The Press " 