[social gossip from home. I (FROM A LONDON CORRESPONDENT.) LONDON, March 7. A very interesting figure in public life is Lord Dunraven, and a somewhat restless one. He began life as a thoughtful young man ; then he became frivolous for a spell. and now be is thoughtful again He has gone into a partnership with Lord Randolph, which embraces the turf and the eight hours movement They are both amongst the "resigned" of the present Administration, and they are agreed in opinion that the present official conservatism is an infecund thing, which cannot last, and can leave nothing to fill its place. Like Emperor William, the heads of these two elderly youths are filled with dreams of leading "labour" into untrodden paths, and using it as a battering ram wherewith to crush the demons of plutocracy and convention For two years last past Lord Dunraven's chief pre occupation has been the chairmanship of the committee of the House of Lords which has been investigating the "sweating" question-his lordship having as his chief assistant the pleasant and clever Mr. Kinloch Cook, who is now returning to southern seas as the International Chief Justice of Samoa. Lord Dunraven entered upon his labours with no particular political object in view, but as time went on it began to dawn upon him that in re- dressing the ills which were unfolded before him day by day, lay the best chance of the new and more vital toryism of which dreams were passing in his head In December last he became captivated by the eight hours arguments of Mr Sidney Webb. Then he persuaded Lord Randolph to take up the eight hours movement, and the two of them have been at it hot and strong ever since, forcing all the other parties in the state to consider the expediency of coming into line with them upon the subject Having thus plunged head and ears into the cause of labour, Lord Dunraven proceeded, as chairman of the Sweating Committee, to draw up a most drastic report, breathing state socialism in every paragraph, and this he submitted to his colleagues, including among them Lord Thring, the Bishop of London, Lord Derby, and Lord Rothschild. They were all aghast at the draft, and the only question among them was, who should take upon himself the unpopular task of moving its rejection In the end they fixed upon Lord Thring, because he was a creation of Mr Gladstone's, and still a Gladstonian in general politics His Lordship accepted the task Having got rid of Lord Dunraven's draft report, it became necessary for him to draft one of his own, but having paid little attention to the details, be felt unequal to the task, and driving down to the East End, placed himself for the purpose under the tutelage of Miss Geraldine Potter Miss Geraldine Potter is a lady who was at one time a faint and heroine of culture and liberalism Abandoning the joys of family and social life some years ago, she took up her abode among and cast in her lot with the miserable toilers of the East End. Familiarity seems to have bred contempt in this case, for she is by no means a eulogism of her neighbours, although her dogged Lancashire nature forbids her to desert them She has come to believe that everything is for the best in that best of all possible East Ends, and she has the greatest contempt for those who girl against nature's own law of "sweating" Lord 'Thring's report, when it sees the light will be Miss Potter's report, and a fine piece of good old "Gradgnnd" political economy it will be In the meantime, Lord Dunraven has resigned the chairmanship of the committee and the "Labour party and the Socialists are girding bitterly against Lord Thring, and against incidentally the Gladstonians, to whom he belongs. An incident such as this might have great effect on a general election, should it be the case that the Cabinet are going to spring one on the country at an early date. Lord Thring is a dry and precise old "equity draftsman," who spent the greater part of his working life in drawing bills introduced into Parliament by successive Ministries In his time, he invented some entirely new modes of framing legislation one of them he chriStened incorporating by reference, a mode of saying what you do not mean, or of concealing what you do mean, which has cost the public several hundred thousand pounds in law costs disbursed in arguing as to the precise effects of Lord Thring, preferential legislation. Another thing that Lord Thring invented was the breaking up of the text of acts of Parliament into half lines, sub- sections, and snippets, so as to make the whole look something between a doctor's prescription and the catalogue of an art sale However, his achievements be impressed those under whom he served, that no honour was deemed too great for him, and on retiring into private life he received the extraordinary reward of a peerage. The sensation of the week has been the suspension of Mr Labouchere by the House of Commons for refusing to withdraw an expression of his disbelief in Lord Salisbury's word. " I saw there was nothing for it but violence, he remarked blandly an hour afterwards; John Morley and that lot were be dead against me on the merits, but it just served my purpose, as it undoubtedly won us the North St Pancras seat " This version of his conduct is probably an after thought, because Mr. Courtney's ruling is admitted on all hands to have been erroneous in point of Parliamentary law, and Mr. Labouchere could not have counted on the most cold blooded of men suddenly losing his judgment owing to a fit of righteous indignation. As to the truth of the incident out of which the debate arose, I believe that the following are the true facts All the Marl- borough house set were fully convinced of Lord Arthur Somerset's innocence, and the evening of the 18th of October had been fixed for a dinner at the Marlborough Club, at which his Lordship was to take counsel with Colonel Oliver Montagu, his commanding officer, Sir Dighton Probyn, and Sir Francis Knollys, as to the best steps to be taken for vindicating his character Without any reference to this meeting, the Prince of Wales directed Sir Dighton Probyn to meet Lord Salisbury (which he did at a railway station) and inquire whether nothing could be done to counteract certain rumours affecting another person in whom H. R H was much interested Lord Salisbury said that he had not heard these rumours, and that there was no ground for them , but he went on to add that he had heard rumours about another person, meaning Lord Arthur, and that, though the evidence was then insufficient, he believed that there was more to follow. Sir Dighton Probyn , returned to Marlborough house horror stricken at the weight of the case against the friend whom he believed innocent Having dressed for dinner, he walked across the street to the club, looking like a man who had seen a ghost Lord Arthur was watching him unseen from behind some coign of vantage. He noted his expression, and taking it as an indication that the game was np,|steppedinto the cab at the door, on which his luggage was already loaded, and drove to Charing Cross, where he took the Continental express. I Wa. fout I As is usual in seasons of great political ferment, an epidemic of blackballing has broken out at the clubs. Lord Sandhurst, a most faultless young Swell, has been black called at the Travellers for marrying Lord Spencer's Sister, and being the son of his somewhat aggressive and rhetorical mother, Margaret, Lady Sandhurst Then, again, Mr. John Woulfe Flanagan has been heavily Filled" at the Athenaeum ob being the author of " Parnellism and Crime " An extraordinary effort was made to save him, Mr. Buckle, the editor of The Times, arguing somewhat naively that he hadn't written "the worst parts, and Mr. Benjamin Jowett, the master of Balliol, spending a little fortune in telegrams, exhorting all the sons of Balliol who were members of the club to go up and vote for him But 440 supporters would have been necessary to counteract the 44 blackhall of the Glad- stomans, and only 272 men came up in Mr. Flanagan's support The Reform Club is likewise torn by a similar dispute about a Mr. Hopkinson, a very eminent professor of law from Manchester, who has offended the local Glndatomana by becoming a candidate for the seat occupied by Mr. Jacob Bright If he is rejected, it is expected that the Re- form Club will die a natural death for want of new candidates, each side blackballing the other's men, indeed, it is said to be possible that the same fate may overtake the Athenirnm Indeed, unless the Irish question is somehow settled on amicable lines, I do not think that society in England can continue to be carried on as hitherto with social tolerance and neutrality. It will split up into two, like the society of the Blacks and the Reds in Italy, or the Royalists and Republicans in France Even as it is the two camps but we come to live very much apart from one another, and things are going on pretty comfortably The odd and ember missing part of the thing will make itself apparent when the present Opposition comes into power and must take its part in the public and ceremonial life of the country I suppose some sort of social truce will be pitched up then but it is difficult to see how things will arrange themselves. 