TURF GOSSIP. Bv Augur. The Ballarat Turf Club spring meeting, which began so successfully yesterday, will be brought to a conclusion this afternoon. The card contains half a dozen items, in cludingthe Pioneer Handicap, which is the principal prize of the meeting. My selections are as follow ! PUBLIC AUCTION STARES. TERRIFIC IL 1 I MY DAY 2 ANITA ... ... 3 1 SECOND HURDLE RACE. ISLANDER.;, 1 TATIARA 2 VAGRANT 3 BAI.LABAT HANDICAP. LEVIATHAN 1 SINECURE 2 WATTLE or STANLEY 3 OPEN -STEEPLECHASE. ACROBAT ... 1 SIR JOSHUA 2 EAT BACK or SCREW WRENCH | 3 PIONEER HANDICAP. TEUTON ... ■ 1 MOTHS 2 STANLEY 3 FI.VINO STAKES. SAVANAK 1 BLOODSHED 2 RIVULET 3 What sort of & Champion Race shall we have if Carbinekeeps all right? is a question often ventured m sporting circles. Is there anything amongst the thtee-year-olds capable of making him gallop? The respective weights for a fiVe-year-61d and a three-year old are Set, 0|b, andTsLJJBb. Now what three- year-old wonld haye a chance at these weights?.. The Admiral is perhaps the best of the youngsters engaged, and judging from theCup, the manner in which he ran in theCup, I should take him to' be a stayer, for he was [close behind .the placed, horses in theMel (boume Cup. , My qwn impression is that [Correze is.qnite aa good an animal as The Admiral, and over a distance possibly he is superior. He ran a real good colt in the Cup, ! and beitr/anembered tbatlie was carrying 7sjfc. 31b. The pace was one of the strongest eyer seen iuarace, and he never shirkea .it, but finished gamely and well. No [race could there be better to test the stamina of a three year old; and'the style in which he won the V.R.C. Handicap proved. that Mr, John M'Laughlin possesses a colt of no mean order. Should he be as well in March, he will probably prove Carbine's moat formid able opponent in the great three- mile contest. The Spot is slinped like a stayer, and may yet sliow us that stamina is liis forte. I doubt if Annesley is partial to three miles, and King William is another who would probably be more at home over one than tnree miles. Gresford runslikcanon-stayer, and Whimbrel will have to be titter than he was at the spring meeting to iuive the ghost of a show. Gatling is another who seems to lik£short courses, and I daresay Medallion isalii^her of the same kidney, liar Carbine, the best of the oldsters is, I think, Cuirassier, a real good cut of a horse, whose forte, I think, is stamina. In the Melbourne Cup lie was not in dnytlyng like his best form, but about March he should be seen to advantage; and if he be thoroughly wound-up then I shall expect to Bee him pretty well take his own part even in weight-for-age races. He is, bear in mind, full brother to Trenton, one of the best race horses that wc have seen in Australia, and I fancy lie is quite as good an animal. I doubt if Dreadnought will take part in such a con test ; iti fact, it would he impossible to get him ready for it, and none of the others of Mr. Jones's is class enough for such a race. ■ Tirailleur might have a show of success if his owner elected to send him up from New Zealand, and so might Merrie England, but thoir starting is somewhat problematical. Melos having won last year, Mr. Gannon is sure to have .a cut in with him again—more especially asf he considers that three miles will suit him better than two. In Carbine Mr. Wallace has a champion amongst cham pions, but a preparation for aChampion Uace may find out the weak spot in bis armour that foot which has more thanonceprevented the great son of Musket from running for a race. Should he not he thoroughly wound up, then the contest will be one of the most open that has ever taken place for a Cham pion Stakes. Megaphone is not engaged, and even if he were there are two or three of his own age who would probably lie able to give a good ac count of him over three miles. Gibraltar is one of them. His lameness was, I think, of a temporary character only, and he is built so much like a stayer that I expect to see him go any distance. He ought to be better in the autumn than in the spring, and if we could insure a race between such three year olds as Gibraltar, The Admiral, Correze, and old ones like Carbine, Cuirassier, and Melos, the contest would be an interesting one, though there would be little doubt as to the result, Carbine being so much superior to the others. Here we are right into December and the Tasmanians have only just made any signs on this side of the straits as to what are their intentions respecting their summer meetings. This year the Tasmanian Racing Club will come lirst, with three days on the picturesque course of Elwick. Last year, when the T.R.C. followed the T.T.C., the former had only two days' racing, and devoted the other day to picnics down the harbour, but they were financially & failure, and will never be tried again. The Tasmanians have, I think, at last arrived at the conclusion that they must depend upon their own horses for the Buccess'of theirmeetings. Itcosteagoodlysum to take acouple of horses to Hobart, andas -the stakes are not of the magnificent order, it: pays Victorians much better to remain at home and run at Caulfield, or even at a suburban meeting, where the money wliich would have been expended in paying for pas sages of horses, trainers, jockeys, &c.;, can be speculated in betting. Over the other side of the straits the country meetings are in creasing, I am glad to say, and this will serve the local owners and trainers. At some of these meetings they have very fair fields, and I daresay that at both Hobart and Launces ton there will be a large number of horses from north and south. Those who own horses with anything like form about them may rest assured that there will be a few Victorians over to enjoy themselves, and tliougli they may not liave horses with them they will be on the look-out for something | with a bit of form, and will not stick at a price it the article is good. Some will go with two objects in view, one I to see the races and the other to visit Mount Zcehaq, which, if all I hear is true, is to sur pass in richness either Mount Morgan or Broken Hill. I am sceptical; but should it prove half as rich as either—and I sincerely hope it may—I shall expect to see the Tas-1 manian Racing Club shortly increasing the value of the Hobart Cup to 1,000 sovereigns. The Northerners, too, will sail in, and the little island .will become more attractive than I ever. The Tasmanian Turf Club programme J will be found in the advertising columns this week. As usual the Launceston Cup of 300 sovs. is the chief item; the distance is one mile and three quarters, and the race is third on the list for the first day, the other events being the Trial Stakes of 50 sovs., Two-year old Stakes of 100 sovs., Xewnham Stakes of 60 sovs., and Mowbray Hurdle Race of 100 so vs. For the second day the hill commences with the Tarnar Hurdle Race of 70 sovs., and this is followed by the Inveresk Stakes of 50 sovs., a handicap for two year olds. The T.T.C. Handicap of 120 sovs. follows, and neat to this is the Summer Handicap of 120 sovs., and the AU-aged Handicap of 50 sovs., for two years old and upwards. Entries for the principal races close on the 5th January. It is rather amusing to hear at suburban race meetings opinions expressed as to how the V.R.C. stipendiary steward, Mr. Harrie Smith, should act. Some people 6cem to think that all he has to do is to make up his mind that there has been a swindle, and then disqualify horse, owner, cfhd rider for life. As a matter of fact, Mr. Smith cannot do anything further than express his ideas, and point out to the.Btewards what he con siders suspicious running. It is for the stewards to say what has to be done ; but, as a rule, stewards at - suburban and country race meetings are not over anxious to deal out punishment, and many barefaced swindles are perpetrated without the slightest punishment be&ig1; meted out to those who engage in jthem. Mr. Smith has, I believe, reported to the V.R.C. two or three jockeys for very suspicious riding, and it remains to he seeii whether the mem bers of committee are possessed of sufficient hackltone to do anything when they oomelie fore thein for a renewal of their licenses. Up to the present the V.R.C. lias done little or nothing to strike fear into the hearts of those who are notorious for suspicious conduct in connection with racing, aha the game goes on as merrily and as Openly as ever ; ana it will contiuue to do so until half & dozen, members of committee have the moral courage to at tempt to put a stop to it. ' Australians ylio visit India will regret to hear that were is achonceof Lord William Beresfopl givipg up racing,. Our breeders and owners, wiliriot; bepleased to bearthis, for " Lord ■ Bill," as the cay and festive Weeks delights to call him* n&s; been one of the very best oufttbmere for Australian Worsts. The Oivil tpid Military Gazette says " In sporting circles the announce ment that the light blue jacket and black cap of' Lord William BerSsfoid will have pro bably been, after.the UmbB,lla-rfttoes,Been for the last time but one ort an Indianraoeoourse will come as a Burprise. Between the pre sent Umhalla meeting and tlie next Calcutta races Lord William does not intend to mo Any horses, and Calcutta will be his last rncpting, ) One of the principal causes that Irtve inlluenced Lord William to moke the sacrifice is- that he may at any tune l>e sum moned to join ins regiment, the command of which lie is anxious not to lose when it falls to his turn; and he would he seriously hampered in disposing of his large racing stable at a short notice. We hear that the Maharajah of Patiala, who is passionately devoted to field sports, will purchase most of Lord William's racehorses. However much, in the interest of the turf, sportsmen will welcome the Prince, wc can only hope the Prince will entrust his affairs to competent and reputable hands, and keep clear of unprincipled and low class hangers on of the turf who are sure to try and secure a footing by tendering their counsels. Above all things it is to be sincerely hoped that we shall never have a repetition of the Jodhpore embroglios. That stable was rescued on ite downward course by the selection of Captain Warner, who was just in time to save the character of the stable. The present debut ante could not do better than entrust his interests to some experienced officer, who has a reputation of his own to maintain, and who may, therefore, be trusted not to let the name or. the interests of his patron suffer. With the secession of Lord W. Beresford from the Indian turf, we may possibly have to date the decline of high-class racing. We are hardly likely to again see firetrclass. English horses brought out to India. One or two ol tire leading Calcutta stables, following Lord William's lead each year, gave their agents carte blanche to select the pick of the Aus tralian turf, and the rivalry for the prizes at Calcutta was thus kept healthily active. With Lord W. Beresford out of the field these stables will 4 rave no rival worthy of . such powerful and expensive forces. It is an ill wind, however, that blows nobody any-good.' In the course of a couple of years or so we shall probably witness very large fields once again competing for the Viceroy's cups and other principal prizes at Calcutta. Weeks and the other dealers will shed tears at the prospect before them. The absence of Lord W. Beresford will he felt in a variety ol other ways." Honest Ned, Escapade, and Spinaway. who were purchased by Mr. E. Weeks foi Lord William Beresford, have arrived safely in Calcutta, hut it is said that some time must elapse ere they will be fit to race. As there are second entries for the Viceroy's Cup, the first-named may be yet nominated, and as he arrived in better condition than any of the others he may come quicker. When the last mail left W. Southall had arrived in Calcutta from Meerut with Mr. Apcar's horses, all of whom were said to be looking well. It is gratifying to find that while the Vic toria Amateur Turf Club committee haf decided to spend something like £20,000 in effecting improvements, it has not forgotten to increase the value of some of its importo.nl races. At a meeting on Monday it - was determined that the Oukleigh Handicap, which will be run at the February-meeting, should be rais«8i--*o 1,000 sovereigns, 700 ol which will go to. the winner, 200- to the second, and 100 to the third. Mr. C. D. O'Halloran, who has always taken a great in terest in the club, will present the winner ol the race with a trophy value 100 so vs. Another race, which is run- at the same meeting, will l>e increased in value. This is the Hawksburn Handicap, which is to be raised to 500 so'vs. No doubl the committee has made a wise move in raising these stakes, for by so doing they will considerably increase the interest in the autumn meeting. I would suggest to the V.A.T.C. that, when framing the programme for next season, the autumn meeting be ex tended to two days, the Oakleigh Handicap to be run on one Saturday and the Hawks burn Handicap on another, and that a good weight-for- age race and maiden plate be in troduced. Then the V.A.T.C. Autumn Meet ing would be a much more importaut affair than ever. One of the most delightful days of the season greeted those who patronised Mr. Cox's postponed meeting at Moonee Valley on Tuesday. Notwithstanding the time that had elapsed since the heavy rain that had fallen on Saturday, one portion of the en closure was still rather soft, but the running ground was in splendid order, and there was some most interesting racing. In one pony race I saw an undoubted shunt, and one at least of the stewards wanted to nuke an examnle. but nothing was done: There are some stewards who never can see anything. More's the pity. There was one gratifying feature in connection with the day's racing, and that was the double victory of The Loon. He was bred and is owned by a thorough sportsman, Dr. Williamson, and there, was general regret that he was not present to see his colt win. However, Mr. W. E. Filgate, who trains him, came in for any amount ofcongr&tula; tions, and deservedly so, for Fortune has not smiled upon him. The Loon is hy The Divei from Mayfly, hy Angler from Crescent, hy Fireworks, so claims descent from excellent families. In the Maiden Plate he only just got home from Aster, an improving colt of Mr. Donald Wallace's. Had the distance been 20 yards further Aster would have \von. The latter is a grandly-bred colt, for he is by New minster from Estella, by Maribyrnong from Signora, by Newcastle, and some day he will win a good race for Mr. Wallace. Care, who ran third, is more than a useful filly, and I daresay Inda will improve upon her form, which was rather disappointing to her friends. With Cffisarean out of the way there was only one with a chance in the Janefield Handicap, and that was Investigator, who was fairly thrown in. He went hack a little in the wagering, but that did not matter, for Tomlin got well away with him, and he won pretty easily, Mr. Donald Wallace's ooloura again being second, this time, on Clare. The trot was not a very interesting affair, but the lastraceof the,day provided . one of the best contests evfey her Valley. The New Zealandgr Ksr.ut^eqnnpon paper looked like a certainty, andhewas backed with greatspirit, but there wasaettong party behind Paikakariki,. who ma. ven' gamely and made a dead heat of Jh Thfe Joy on Paikakariki kept so dose to Escutcheon that Tomlin could not use his whip,'ot 1m might iiave landed the son of Musket h winner. In the run off he allowedPaikakariki to make the running untU healue the home turn, then drewfip, ind won cte$jra|r. , The owner of Paddy, who finished first in the trot at, the Bendigo Jockey plub meeting, but was beaten hy W«UB>y in the second attempt, has notified the, stewards not to pay over fhe and conseaupntly the beta abeyance. 1 prtetime toeowner on intends to appeal to the Vtotmia r Club. The action of , the steWflms jtis! that the race shottldbeOc time has given liBptQacon of discussion. To kue it iSeema J only what was fair, and wem fied in pursuing the oonrse,, argued that Paddy complied * ditions of the raoe, and the to the stakes. It might just as well be argued, m tk' ease of u horse starting in front or tire j*»Ht, and the nee having to l thai us thehoreethutiiameiiitirsthadcompiied ' witli ail tiiei-nudirioiis of the race.he would lie | entitled to the stakes. It was a condition I it! the n-.cc that Wallaby should start at a j n rtuin time alter Faddy, but through the I bungling kept there double the tune. Curiously enough, | altnough the Victoria Trotting Glub Has1 often introduced time handicap trots to its I programmes. it has not provided a rule to | govern them. Having 110 rule to guide them, ' t he stewards of the Bcndigo Jockey Club de cided the ijuestion from an equitable point of view. Supposing Wallaby had been started 15 seconds lwiore his time, and liad won, would it not be only right and just that the race should be contested again 'i The argu ment tliat the case is similar to that where in a running race a horse is left at the jiost will not hold water. In such a case the horse is left behind by accident, whereas in Wallaby's lie was kept at the post by the • dii' ial who was appointed to send trim off. li Mr. Watson were to order one horse to re main at the post until tlie others had got away 100 yards, the owner of that horse wouid surely have some redress. By doing so. Mr. Watson would exceed his powers, and the ow ner of the horse so kept at the |K-st would have a remedy at law. A deputation representing various country 1 clubs waited upon the committee of the V. li.C. 011 Tuesday, for the purpose of bring ing before the leading club the necessity for some uniform action lreing taken to pro tect dubs against those persons who nominate horses but who do not pay either entrance or acceptance money. The representatives pre H-nt were:—Mr. .Tames Davidson (North western district). Mr. .A. J. M'Leod (Gipps land district', Mr. .T. Hemming 'Northern district-, and Mr. H. H. Tumley (of the fShep parton 'J'urf Club), who acted as lion, secre-' tiiry. When the case had been stated to the V.11.C. committee, the chairman, said that the Y.K.C. tlid not wish to place the names of persons 011 the forfeit list unless j such persons had forfeited to the Y.R.C. j races. The country clubs should agree upon ; mutual action amongst themselves, and if j that were done, and any club, after knowing j that a person was a' defaulter to some other J dub. allowed him to run a horse, the Y.R.'C. | would take action. 11 relieve it is the inteu tion of the committee to insert a notice in the Ca'tiidar, which will practically attain the object desired by the deputation. Thecommitfee of the Y.R.C. held their usual meeting on Tuesday, when the following cases of appeal were disposed of:—An appeal against the disqualification of the pony May for life, and her rider, R. Hector, for two years, by the Moonee Valley stewards dismissed. The action of the Moonee Valley stewards is thus up held. An appeal against Oh My being declared the winner of the Allen- ] dale Handicap, run at the Creswick miners' sports on October 29 last, was post- poned for further evidence. The suspension of Gordon Trainor, jockey, for one month, by the Wyndham Racing Club, for disobedience at the starting-post on November 21 last, was ■ endorsed. Although Escutcheon is now in good con dition. and- lias commenced to win, he has not done anything to compare to the form he! displayed when he was a three year old in ) Mr. W. E. Da kin's hands. It will be reniem-j la-red that when he started for the New-] market Handicap be lost so much ground ] that it was impossible for him to win, but on ;; the same day he "was saddled up fos the' Brunswick Stakes, which was won by: Mentor, 7.st. Hlb., The Yeoman 7s t. 7lh. just! lieating Jiscutcheon 7st. 5!b. for second place. ' In the Bourke Handkaout l'leniingtoii he was liandicayi)>ed.at 7st. fdb., and was beaten aj neck by Chicago, 4 years. 7st. 111b. His best effort, I think, was in the Farewell, Handicap, wherein he, a time year old, : was handicapped at 7st. 101b.. yet ran a goo 1. race witli The Oliaruier 7st. 81b., and beat: 1'akeha, 7st. 101b., for second place. To run j a dead heat with Paikakariki, und then just j beat liiiu is not up to that form, especially j when we remember that as a three year old ■ lie had to give weight to The Charmer,, and meet such horses as Chicago and Pakeha 011 j pretty eijua! terms. Iiis running at. Gak leigh-park was too bad to be true. Truly, he; was an unfortunate horse for Mr. Dakin,; who must have had him in splendid trim to ] run such races as lie did against so many of ] our veiy best ligndicap horsey. j S. Floyd was this week the defendant in i another case for. illegally detaining a race- j horse. The case'was tried at the Flciuington j police court, Thomas Council was. tjie \ plaintiff, and he brouglit in evidence Thomas ] Donovan, who deposed tliat in October. 1888, 3'Toyd. on his (Donovan's behalf; purchased 1 ArtieRbUe at one of Messrs. Yuilie's sales. He gave a cheque for £110 to Floyd to pay for 1 the horse, but as the animal cost £2 17s. j nver that sum. he-gave the defendant that 1 amount in eusli. Donovan afterwards sold j the horse to upiim iianied O'Slica, who ju turn , sold him to Council, and the latter wished to j obtain possession of the liorse, but Floyd he j declared would riot give him up. Donovan said Floyd had trained the horse lor 12 momlis, and Floyd transferred the horse to him for a' consideration. He declared that Floyd liad j not naid a shilling towards the purchase of j the horse, and liad no tight to detain him. O'Shea was called,' but be did not appear, and j Mr. M'Kean was about to submit that tl to submit that there j was 110 case for the court, when the Bench declared that tliey woidd dismiss the case. Sir Modred's soji.Tournnmeut must .he on , extraordinary colt. Several limes 1 have an nounced Iris victories, and most of them have been achieved in such an' easy mariner tliat the American papers have declared them to be 'Vgrijimam^ .pjiHJesaoos,'' . JVfll, he Jiaa gained another victory at . Undoes usual.die' rati'clean■ away from big j opponents. SThe racotoaTi the (Ne w Hoehelle j intakes oflOO dollars-each, -with 2.(5©0added, t 'T0rt>io i®mKWffuSv>uhmmDnt,'and ihegave ^ ■ -* wjt wraft Y'hitt"' ttoi" j %nd4 " ufcf hlriii aritP . ketone Uneethtgdhere-; npi> 6 liairdfred <4»lf dtmncd, .Pott waited hdtsc Chev'j " ^ ITjpfe'tihe Hills i . vt-ffiztofLtA ►. .. #&j-Mifdrew; j feotO' tolieti pgw.-yf B0reDtlt| an Rileyto wfci ...» i&tbyWhs; Tun rin ' liWfeadrilii! fiolibry id sister to Mahia, who was one of the most brilliant racehorses that over trod the Flemington track, and that is saying a good deal. Proto-Martyr was a failure in Victoria, bat Mr. John Field has always de clared that his blood would nick with th'e descendants of the good old-fashioned marcs he liad in his stud, and he is likely to prove correct. Muskrose, mated with Proto-Martyr mares, who run Iwck to Edella and AVhizgig, is almost certain to prove a success, and the j day is not far distant, perhaps, when Mr. isought after as were those of the Xew^ea i land Stud Company. Mr. Field takes good ; care of his young stock, and has capital pad | docks wherein to rear tbein, and as Musk ! rose's youngsters are very promising, we shall j proliably see another Malua come from Cal j stock ere long. Busybody, who ran second ! in the Derby, belongs to that genuine sports | man Mr. Sydney Page, whose success would I have lteen very popular, but his usual luck (stuck to him. His filly is a very smart I daughter of British Workman and Maid of ( Honour, by Horatio from Parthenia, by The | Barb's brother Barbarian. This should prove I a very valuable brood mare, but before she j goes to the stud I hope to see her owner wjn I a good race with her. Cyrus, who ran third, j is by The .Assyrian from Young Princess, and j was nominated by an enthusiastic blacksmith, Mr. J. Pearce, who manages now and then "to : get hold of a smart horse or two. The Kindle i | liace was won by Mf. 1 >. A'. Fergusson's i | Camperdown. by Torchlight from Jenny. ; ; who was ridden by Bc-ifce, the Victorian j j jockey. For the Spring Handicap Compeer j | and Sainton ran a deadlieat, and the owners agreed to divide. Compeer is by Lapidist! I from Malua's dam Edella. and Swinton is by J | Euclid from Barbara. Mr. li. O'Connor won the Steeplechase with a mare named Ruby, j ' by British Workman, Peter Flat being i j second : and Mr. J, Woods won the A11-Aged j Stakes with a very smart New Zealand horse i named Tonnjson, by Anteros from Fancy. ! Although the weather was shower)", there j was a pretty pood attendance. The new | tetalisator purchased by the club from Messrs. Hobbs and Goodwin, of New Zea I land, was used for the first time. The old J machine was used too, and the club derived [ a profit of about £2f0 from the two. I am i pleased to hear that instead of a small deficit, j ob has i>een previously the case, the meeting i resulted in a profit of alxrat £100. I One of the most interesting ceremonies I have ever witnessed was the military tourna ment at the Exhibition-building last Satur day. Unfortunately rite weather was not at all seasonable, or there would have been a much larger attendance. The tent-pegging," lemon-cutting, and tug-of-war contests were carried oat in-a most creditable manner, and in some of them an old warrior of 72 summers performed in a marvellous mariner for one So far advanced in years. There were many splendid young fellows from the country dis tricts and otiior colonics, and the manner in which most of them performed was ex ceedingly creditable. As a matter of course, the sport which concerned me most was the hurdle-racing. This was done in twos and threes, and in so short a space that the riders scarcely had a fair chance of dis tinguishing themselves, but they did. They rode at racmgpace at the hurdles fromoneend of the ground to the other, then dismounted, picked up a dummy, placed it on the horse, remounted and rode over the hurdles back Jo the starting point. Many of the.competitors displayed extraordinary cleverness and any amount of pluck, some of them evidently having lreen over hurdles many times before. There were a great many starters, but veiy Few of the horses either baulked or" ran round. After this there was a competition over the hurdles, twice round the course, the competitors going in sections of four, arid sonic very fine riding was exhibited, two or three sections performing much better than many of our amateurs do. The manlier in which two or three of the sections jumped together, the whole four rising and landing as if one, delighted the spectators, who ap plauded lustily. It is said that the Jubilee Plunge^ Benzon,is about totakctotlie stage. I was going to wrife thai he was to become ap actor, but actors require a certain amount of brains! M'hen Benson was in Australia he did riot impress anybody as a young man possessed of even ordinary brain-power. lie was, to speak vulgarly, "a mug.'* I have seen , "mugs" amongst actprs,"very hilly and ugly ones at foolish times, but never such a foolish one Benzon,. Me did not know wlien to stop, and I rim afraid that in hisricw line of life.lie will be no more successful than he was hi his attexnpt to break the ring or smash the liajik at -Month ■ Carlo. The poor fellow is down now. I wonder do any of those who drank his champagne, and accepted his unbounded hospitality ever nuFhim on.-to a "good tiring," or even offer bun ri cigar. M'liile wa scene. neady.frozeu in Melbourne last Saturday* and most of the outdoor sports had to be postponed, they were fairly frizzling in Bydney, where the.only.lace meeting was that "whichAvos held at Canterbury-park. I notice that an old friend, Ludy Lovcl, won the Flying Handicap, and Victor Hugo, whose form of late has been wonderfully consistent, ran second. Lady Loved was at one tiuiie an occupant of L Fonl struma stable, and more than once displayed pretty good form. , Mr. Joseph Thompson is on his way to America, rind he will, I iieiieve, come on to j Australia for-a few weeks. He will remain at Ban Francisco u short time to see if there is any chance of establishing a racecourse there and fanning it on Australian lines. Mr. Alfred Joseph when there .mooted the question, and received numerorisprbtnises of support. It is, .indeed, a most >rmarkable circumstance tliataciiy like Son; Francisco has not -a racecoucse to com ji&re; Oven to our Suburban courses. BteedOTs andowiibrs onthe Pacific Blope are, anxious j^tthererihbnld be om, ahuuldauooeed m obtahunggroiuid ©onveiueut rij thp city, fchey williat onoe H^ke restart. (one, possibly isome of. ou r Australian owners ihCiflftj' consider if-Worth*heit) while ^essrri! Thompson arid JOTe^av'ifl, on the completion ofv-thcirftftk, .grand stand, &c.;,\ t|frn oyer to ptohHiterB ? n,- h aqdaores .peroenfoge loniheir msetingjofstha^tcwwdfi thad' on j&aauduy; lae^dhcproapeataipf theoinfo v^er&uppketi;'of taost whose MSaen'uie :;layiri|l -■''out *cf -''"fly course was le^j^atod-thkt^by the outlay o! ahttia oiointyithc track oogldfee mode one o] the best inthecolorty»iS Ha had already apent £40 in' diribHBg-M^.wnpro viug: the ground) Jfc, % " -append honorary surveyor to the club, the meeting adjourned for a fortnight. The most unseasonable weather which has been recently experienced lias presented two race meetings lwnighcld, Mr. W. S, Cox Vicing one, and Mr. V. C. Culk-n the other unfor tunate who had to postpone in consequence of heavy rain. .As they have so few Saturdays apportioned them the loss is rather a serious oue. Nominations for the Handicap Hurdle Race of 50 soys., Terang Cup of TOO soys.. Handicap Steeplechase of 60 soys., and Amateur Flat Race of 25 sovs., the prin cipal events of the Terang Racing Club annual meeting, will close with the sec re tary, Mr. John Hoggart, at 9 p.m. on Tues day next | Entries for "the Baxter's Flat races will j close on Monday next, at the Australian Hotel, Bourke-'blreet, Melbourne, or at the Royal Hotel, Dandenong, up to 6 p.m. Mr. A. H. Cox will, on Monday next, re ceive entries for the next meeting at Moonee Valley, The programme contains seven events, as follow:—Trial States of 09 soys, (for horses that have never ivori oQ sovs. in one stake), five furlongs and a quarter: Handicap Hurdle Race of 75 sovs., one mile and a half; Lyndhurst Handicap of 75_sovs.. five furlongs ; Tooradin Handicap of 35 sovs. (for 14 hand ponies), five furlongs and a! quarter; Welter Handicap of 75 sois., eight furlongs and a half: Clyde Handicap of 35 sovs. (for 14.2 hand ponies), seven furlongs : and December Handicap, oi" 75 sovs., six fur- j longs and a half. The Elsternwick-park executive has issued a good programme of six events for the next meeting, which is fixed for Saturday, Decern- ] ber 20. With tliecxception of the lime Handi-: cap Trot, to wliieh 75 sous, a re .added, each of the races is worth 100 sovs. The various items are as follownurdle Race, about one mile five furlongs and a half ; December Handicap, five furlongs and a half ; Open Steeplechase, about two miles; Selling Race, five furlongs ; Time Handicap Trot, three I jnilos and Elsternwick-park Handicap, nine furlongs and a bait Entries will be j received at Haydon's Racecourse Agency, 491 j (late 100} Bourke-street, Mel bo time, up to 4 ; p.m. on Monday next. i Martin Burke, who was injured while riding in ,the Steeplecliase. at the. Bendigo Jockey Club Meeting, has returned to Melbourne, and is. I am glad to say, progressing favourably ; and the lad Hayes, who met with an accident in the Pony Race run at the Kyneton meeting, is also getting | onnicely. I Mr. A, Daviess two-year-old colt by Pell Mell from Theresa has been named " Helter Skelter." . j The entries for the Calcutta meeting are to hand, and are in every way satisfactory, i The Viceroy's Cup lias a doxen en gaged, and nine of these are Australians. They are Moorcoinl>e, Tribune, Garni Hue, Myall King, Recall, The Judge, Cyclops, Bravo, and Moorhouse. This number in cludes several horses that have performed very.well in Australia, aud, if. they arc in an>-tbing like their best form, they should uphold the honour oi Australia; - Tlie Eng lislv. horses are Pennant, Presto, and Fite william. The first-named just beat Moor: house_ last year, awl there will l>e some curiosity to see how he shapes with Bravo. For, the Diirbuugah Cup nearly the same horses are nominated. Knightsbridge-being added. There are Id in the Merchants, Plate, -and Tlie Wild Oat is one of the number. I notice that he and Recall, Bravo, and other Australian horses are .described as Englislu For ilia Grand Annual Hnixile Race there are 20 entries, all Australians, and Lord William lieresford lias nominated Myall 'King; The Cooch Behar Cup lias only nine entries, and they are Pennant, Presto, and Giddy.Girl, who are English : and - Recall, Tlie. Judge, Cyclops, Bravo.• Moorhouse, and Knightsbridge. It was exceedingly unfortunate for Sir. j Cullen that lie should be compelled through ] the weather's vagaries to surrender a Satur-; day for bis meeting, because the V.R.C.' has j riot, been over, liberal in distributing such ' favours; especially to the Oakleigh-park race-1 course, ana a postponement, no matter from what cause, entails a certain amount of ex pense ; but tlie charming weather which prevailed on 'Wednesday—it was. a cha racteristic Australian day—compensated in some measure fortbe disappointment; and although the fields were not large the card j afforded excellent sport - M illie broke down | badly in tlie Selling Hurdle Race, and old I Ace, "Whose fetlock joints are almost as big as j liis head," won easily; and after a rattling Bet- j to tbeXew Zealand bred mare, Fair Ellen, j l>eat Britannia's little sister Care in the Trial Stakes.' Stewpan, who was a failure'on the flat, seems to have found Iris I forte on tlie illegitimate game/ as lie won the,Handicap Hurdle Race in, a canter, I beating tlie hitherto irrepressible Killaloe, I who, however, ran well under liis heavy im- j post. Mr. Osear Barnett was not very fond ; of Stfewpan's chances. as he had prcviohsly j disappointed him, and only.hacked him for a. few pounds at .10 to L Tlie horse is very- »vel I bred, being by Bras de Fer (wliose stock all jump) from Gridiron, by King Gele "from Saucepan), the, dam of Fryingpan., Corngon bad ,riot'a Frimfortahle" ride ori Spilstiy, who," true to" his suggestive nqnienclalure, got rid of his jockey otter passing the post, but tlie popular horseman was not hurt, and quickly - -remounting, brought the erratic beast back to tlie weighing-yard. There was a good deal of betting on the Selling Race, one welbknowp puuter laying 2,Q(©tol,000 on Rewi, who'l)eat liis solitary opponent St. John very;easily. Tlie victory of Aurelios in the Oakleigh-park Handicap was n great sur prise. So littlc was thought of jus chance that offers ■ Of' 29 to 1 went begging;' .vet lie-defeated Mercy Merrick, Steettrap, Escutcheon, and Vaseosa in gallant style; ThcCtwo- severe races at Hoonee Valiey bn the previous dayrirust haw had someeffect i ™1 out. 1 The way,.$tceRhU> is hhndkripp^l Is- a, fair subject for comment. . Siucclienas been \ ip Mn J. Redfeayn's stable }\a has even, got a t>laqe, but'riotwitbstanding Ihitf lie is called upon '-tri cwriy lucre weight thtm be ef^aFriarried,feforth Ibis,.thus?] JMff Jtt&frfor; HandifriP, and,«SWJ»d.i)yjiis good dorm nu ihe>previaBS' Taofc Ins- memls rallied round: j^^lbrifdrift Jot of -money; hut ^Tynferiiped hiin.andlin e --T , to. .a man twwnf who, while walkii^ about ih' the saddjiijg" paddoi^.receivcd aterribtc klclf from one of Dr. Smith, who attended ttva;,prior, fellow .in the casualty •mnns' ifir liwt* nfanirt'llmi jA. - on Saturday, Febriiat^ 2i;%iii1^"'ftJunfln( the ad vising ^IdumhB thin-'wek. Th$, distmice ^oi' we GMHeijrii Knadioup is five1 furlongs andiahalf, awd for thc IIaAvksburiy Hrinpeapj arid a quaver and a distance. Entries close on'Monday, January j ."5. The occupants of the Sylvia-park stud will be disposed of by auction, at Sylvia-park, on | Saturday, January 3. The sale will be con-' ducted by Messrs. Hunter and Nolan, in con junction with Messrs. A. Auckland and Soiib. Catalogues have beeii published, and I have one of them before ine as I write. The stallions number four, and ope of tbein is Husky's son, Xordenfeldt, who prayed him self such a good racehorse when he ran in j the late Mr. James White's colours. He is by Musket from Onyx by Angler from Chrysolite, vhisdesceudantshaveBhown capital andaireadyL.^v.^™ fonn. I like very much the breeding of I another of tlie sires, a horse named St. Leger, by the English Derby winner Doncnster from Atlantis, by Thormanby, also winner of the Derby. This horse has sired some winners, ' od Musket from Wni-i-tL are the other sires, and report speaks well of both, Hotchkiss J being described as fully 17 hands in height, with any amount of jiower and substance. The brood mares include some of the very I best in the southern hemisphere." Mersey, the dam of Carbine, ,is one of them, and as she is but 10 years of age and lias a colt by Xordenfeldt at-herside, she ought to create 60tnekeen competition. Sylvia, the dam of such celebrities as Goldshrougli, Robin Hood, and Martini-Henry, has a colt foal h.v Ingo mar, and, though she is 26 years .old, her win should he -worth something. Onyx, the -dam of XordenFeldt, 'Sardonyx, and Enfilade, is another dame of high dfjgree, "whoso name has been as fabuliar as -household words amongst as, and she, too. has a colt by Ingo mar.at her .side, apd, jf for her son alone, she should he worth purchasing. .Still another matron of fame is the . Yattemlon mare My Idea, dam of Nelson, who was one of the best horses of his time. Then we have Nelly Moore, the dam of Locliiel and €oruuna; Florence Macarthy,. dam of Tirailleur, sujqiosed to he the Wst horseat present in Zealand ; Steppe, dain of llusslcy and other winners; Ericyno. dani of Mitrailleuse ; Trcs Deuce, dam of Manton ; ] Radiance, dam of Quadrant; and many] others too numerous to mention. The year-; lings number 24, and amongst theiu is a i chestnut colt by Xoidenfeldt from My Idea, a brown colt by Xonlenfeldt from Nelly Moore, a colt by Xordenfeldt, froni Stepped a cobby j Xordenfeldt from "Florence Macarthy, pud a filly,by St. Lcgcr from Lady Mersey (sister to. Carbine). There pre,many other beautifully bred youngsters,, aud I hope, some of our Vic torian facing men will, bring a iqw of them tliis war, though it grieves me very much to think that siicli an establishment as Sylvia pork has to be broken, up,. - It does. J»ot say much for, the enterprise of the. New Zea ianders, and especially those who hve in the i Northern Island. ; . • . Wliile on the subject of sales in New Zen land, let me draw tlie attention of Austra lians to several yearlings which are quite equal in quality, aud which ire to be disposed of by Messrs. Hunter and Kohm (in conjunc tion with Messrs. A. Auckland and Do. % on Wednesday, December SI. Mr. Tout Morriu has gained considerable fame as a breeder; and, as he possesses Frailty, the dam of Tren ton. Niagara, Cuirttssier, Cissy, ajulMans he is likely io continue breeding good ones. His hatch this year consists of half a score, and one of them is-a. colt bv Xordenfeldt . from Frailty. This youngster ought- to j draw forth some spirited bidding.'. A hfown colt by Nordenfelat from Albatross is another that should find a ready purchaser, for he is nearly full brother to Teksum. Then there is a colt by Leolinus from Maid of Atliol. the dam of Kruppj Kotuko, and foots (Grey, The only other colt is one by Woolbroker from Jilt, by Tniduceri . Tlie others ate fillies, aud one of tliem is byXordenfoldt.from Piingflwerewere. the dam of Tranter, Tetford, brigadier, St James, and Cracksliot. An other is by Xordenfeldt front Quida, the dam j of Artillery, Aalista, &c.; I- like' very much 3 the breeding tif the .filly by ft: Lpgcr j from Necklacej jihd 'for breeding pur poses alonq ahe, shouldindeed be very valuable. Tli^aale will be jiehl at Wclliug tou-iiark, and Victorians will l>ear in mind that it takes place on the last- day Of the year. -" "■ The V.R.C. cautions "Owners and trainers1 that the races advertised to takardaoe at Sber- j wood-park oil tlie 0th of December kavenot been advertisedin tilic official calendar a» rc- j quired (bydheV.nitbTaleS of foeing, iuid j horseg running theto will ittcuf disqualifica tion. ' "b . .V1j'.• It. Griffiths find jb.'Brafcil haye .Bfortcd training horses on their .own /account. Griffiths has had considerable .experience both in England ' and Australia.' s - "In titeold country he graduated'rmftel'Mr.l?. P. Wilson, one of the best ohEnrii^hftmateurs, flud I re meml>er liim, whto'ncfiftl came opthere, riding and eominglri first ip tT'lfteepmchnse at Cauliield, but, nof kivh^lngltKe'c^a^.lie bad missed a fence.aud tVe boreedis qualified. He shaped i pjy well,ai»las*kehee hod OTMjd^ible^Austi^ian?m^^i^^^m Jriah jockey who iuijjirione so well since he came, to Aastralia, He, too, was with Mr* It A. Wilson-in Jhigland, ,and^behig.a..nanitaj 'horseman; will, tin' doubt, be able to school ■ jumpcrsjn n -Titty have leased the private stabiea Of Mr/KIgby at Fiemingtoni^ud .aire ^vwprep&red; to; take bpiycito jjniin.. v. jMn dt llovvie wirep tnq that he soratched Dragon for his RallatotiengagemcBte mreCfly 1 lie^afw" tod'if«®tsV > M. struck 'but Teksum, Led]X>ld, "Ijalcau'ai, and Don Gfovmi ^jy.^r ^he luuidicaps ^Thc'&Sids; of ^T^niie'South'Aus trallaji trainer, will regret to beorikat hfehfes been aeriouilv Uh n; Cr-"'f f ,»r, ,n; i.? ami \ ingiismaldie, by - Richmond * trohx / Miss oi inflammation. She tira*. iqJl Aisfer i dlicheJieUj.ondlfr.'Alachler. lias, wew^r , iostwhat raighrttave iieen a Yaluabi ffitate.-'-"'."H't- o< i;'■ Tlie btoutiful falls of Ltil Dal Are toa^ive, Fajlp wse movet udien Ahcfci. localil}' for their ^unnal Jraea ' ^.qumtor. . Tlie Im^fso.ooiihunaa Lr of.^ so v8.;Steeplecha«e of SO^vit, frud Btokea of 20 soisyBeHing Race of 90 M Img^Pony > 15 son., and T'iurejlandicftp "T'rot of wmmsm1 ;4Phofgaieml -eutrfosftor; (tiiaffciie uyjiSCl^ to? Hurdlel&oMO; Uoraoj how hOto'itomi-1 na„ l'orihc nominRtefl't^htei^ jfft«Ssass nated foV thie buttery Handiral?^? Uomi^ Victorians' likely^be Jfelt,2.he on], meeting are Messrs. J; b ^ at thft Wallace. The form<* L S^1.^ Ytamw, hnd WiJga will ntal»bM, ,n his Wellace s colours in the Summer r^"* Mr' Clonard, who won the nrin^K»i P Canterbury-park meeting^ Ste; *.*&• eon of iNewnnnster. The Btortf i'18 a Marquis horse have done i?«f , °,( season, and he should holda lucl, who ran second, perfonned «L?^eJ!1SB^r. was second favourite, but mfi ■ He P^tty ^ ^three-3-ear-old who carried 6st 31b.. while Ri„™T . 7st. I lib. There M son of First King. Jn'1-nfd th« me in a letter that the little felW > lnfenri3 a bit dicky; but die hones Chicago sufficiently to run him fo™\,11p race or two licit season, though he7« H ?rt ful aliouthim standing a stroiVnr™ °H1jt for a long one wrong Preparation The annual races of the All>ow^.. « Club will lie held on the Port 4nlce course on February 13,18»1, when nSxft1 gmrntne, winch will Shortly he pffifS' will be presented to the public. Mr T v' Albert, 1ms. been elected »»«" sident, and .Messrs. Hohson and lrii;0 p presidents. Lilli»vice. ( Mr. S.tMiHer has conferred the namef)f taff/Affite.,TO5rc*r'Bld su'Vft»i£S ItT mind to dispose of Moonee Valley for l niM* i.ngipaiposefi,«nd -form a racecourse in die vicinity of Maobyrnoiig. This is ,,ot «& corrects - Mn Cox s sons have purchased the western portion of the Mjuribyrnong bS,? and I believe it is their intention to lav out a raceoourse and coursing ground there.* TV property; is bounded on the west by the Salt water River, and the famous lloiseshoe S iunanlpngthpuQrtJieqiportaoii of tiiegrouni Mr Cox has 110 intention of interferi,",' Willi Moonee Vpllevi furthcr.perhaps tlmo di^wseof some of-those reliable frontages | tow?v*fyali. Eventually we dull have an racecourses. ^ I don't think this Marihvmon" venture is likely to prove as successful as riiatof Moouee >all<>y, for it is much fur ther from a railway. , Seymour nioea willWheld on Wedneedm February 18. •» ; Messrs. OuupbeJl and Sons liare receive! mstructeins from Messrs. Lazarus Brothers to dispose of tire whole of their horees in tuning,, and the sale will take place at RirksiBszaar at 12 o'clock on Wednesday riexL; fiecemlM* 10, .Altogether there are hWfj a dwen horse*, and one of them is Fukehft s brother Briton, who once shoved excellent-form in the metropolitan .lislriet Gmndee,- Rpjiticiap, Camilla, Madge, and jsffiq Deans arcaJlpcettywell knowiuo racing men. A quantity of saddles, clothing, he,, will al?o bediaposed of. . Dan-O'Brien is again to the tore with a ' good colt, named Fbee^oin, with whom lie hns wou the O&go; Cup and flic President's Handicap reoeuQy nm in Few Zeatoud, Darnel is a-sonh3 Judge," and doesn't often make a mistake. It was he who selected Carbine as a yearliiy;, juid since then many good ones have gone through his 'hands, hut nonecan i^jmiadi tkegreat son of Musket Freedom is by Captivator from Maid it Honour, tlie dam of that good mare Pie ttede^perWith ulioui C- Carter lias done « Ji'fdh , , The,.3f . swapped" , Ajiteros for; Captivator. who stood at Syliia-park, and tins son of his was purdmsed by Mr. Q^Brien at tlie annual | yearling sale for tld guineas. His dam, Maid 1 of Honour, is by-R^ple from Fairy Queen, by I Ifk^ila^ "fibs' Glaistaue, has^ocdt*of mote ^Qmu^nveiage excellence, aMposeobly wedihaU.see bbuover this way W $W*plBlDlU" }f c + _ AtHje Ppndmphg shor last week, Mr. A F. Biadsliaw's weil-knQwn horse Sinking Fund w«^awauSed dretnrire in the t horougli bred stallion ffius? 'dTheoame owner gamed .ftret pfiEefor thoroughbred brood mtuw,with j Lnri **BitikingWnidi «aW«SWtic got first prize* for f diy mares. , ' ! " " The sentence of'dlRihilificatioii passed by the Bendigo stewards upon J. Stonnill for Stonnill admitted flie -offence, and begged of the stewaids not.itoJiiisqualily Idni- as it woulddenfisgyjiiia pfgetQug a living, lne ,stewards'tyuai.. took A fenient view of the matter, a^ninibstitiltodA fine. M'liat about the uiemlwn 'tftwwl' rbj-b he found the ticket, SrlrSti.y The meeting has J)nv, when seven ed. FulJ particulais will e.s-pjitaitflqTO>j|i§d«A "gull particular will be fiyunafnTOeMvariising columns. Lutries hit the hmidioaba bipse'with the hon. secrc* taiy, Mr. jTi&^hKiee. Railway Hotel, New atead, befotqftjftp.ia,qh3^iesdny, December ' Mr. ha8 lssufed..pii lieliaJf of the Willipm«tolfc»i Bacing ft capital pro r^fia^irthnlaA'3)eoeml>er 27. It ... «m ^i|uto, iSc.fir^'beiug a Hrndle Itooe, «ovs?«"oS^to this «jm«4 Disposal Stakes, df i^W so™.; Stceplediaw. ofl00Boi*}( imidi^.'JoyfutpndicnPi1 SSr prtHrramine '^^^/mnns 13p«Stn aXaS pur;^awrti6i.ig columns been fi 1 is a Hill of{aTC tu ? ?:» ' 'fmaoffl.' I^Otoe OsndiMM j?f "of 70 «o»' na„vtej, &n;^.ni>M9(i:ateredts. atCp-b1' ..i -., -: lor 18.3-h^dpoiijm iiiileari !«0*UBulU mi/1 llllle »111* .0 ltace, ot one m : Trial Stato?, 'fflPnf l% rv esoe^' 1 flntn. vvio^i!fcirionK8 ww B.? lll+-nne , ... «\a. ..toutone Oakleigh-park Handicap, of f,ve flirl ' |; mile; and .Summer Handicap, 'llflOVS., CM"" """ • hf BOSOM; live iutlouga and a quarter. *' J I I,c South AustrnJinn Jockey Club baa put forth its programme for n meeting to be lield on the Moi'pliettville racecourse on New years I)"1- There <\? ^n-dosen events, ■ -....tuff intii the Handicap Hurdle Jtnce i ' — - --:i„ 1,ginning « (i,(0ut one mile and three „frl(KI is followed by the Disposal niinrttTS', «» ,fl six furlongsj 1 wo-year 1". vr.f 100SOV8., SIX lunui^j jnv,-,v« ^n.. 1 cap Of loo sovs., five furlongs ; old '],n. ' ifr of 150 sovs., one nnle and a nV I mliv«P Steeplechase of 125 <iU!ir 'jKn,t two miles and a half; and govs... v itli the Marino Handicap finis'"1* i. furiong8. Entries are due rtflOO SO* J . ..nvt nut) mi)v 1»a mAflA of W sov®;; Tuesday next, and may be made nt-4 p-"1' ""rotary Mr. A. 0. Whitington, 49 Adelaide; or at the V.K.C. rnrrie-tf|,eet' l,in TLlnlhOU... unry programme of the V.A.T.C. otiice, McH'cmriie. yhe is worth perusal by tlUS I , rr Q+„l_ Jippeni-s rot-ins mem It comprises the Holidhu- Stakes, v,„ for two-year-olds; Hurdle ltace. S,". J . Anniversary Handicap, of 300 °-ir!» sovs' • Anniversary Handicap, of 300 01.! steeplechase, of 200 sovs.; Amateur TnVihiii'licap, of 200sovs.; andToronga i Hnmiicap- of 100 sovs. Entries close on Mon- j in-. .Tanniiry 5. ___ . ! JSffiSiEvelyn Handicap^ of 30r»ov8.j one wng ,, .. . the otiieis consist of a Hurdle Hace, Maiden Plate, Selling Kace, Tarrawarra Handicap, and Ladies' bracelet. Entries close on the *1 the second day of the Ashhurton raceB. un ©WW.... —. tlie Ashburton Cup fell to ltichiake, who was l„ed hv Mr. Blackler in South Australin, and ■ liichmond from llluc Lake.^ Chicago's brotber Wakatipo won n race at Gisliorne. T],e well-known mare Alexandra, by New minster from Billila, met with an accident tl„. other day, and had to be destroyed. Messrs. M". C. Yuillc and Co. will sell by miction at noon on Monday, at Kirk's 1'w.aar' the well-bred horse Stewpan, by i'ris de Ferfrom Gridiron, by King Cole from Stewpan. This horse promises to turn ; out" useful liurdleracer. The other day, at Oakieigh-park, he heat Killaloe, Spilsby, and i other good liorses very easily. At the same time the chestnut colt Seacombe, who won the (ireystones Handicap at Bacchus Marsh, v ill he disposed of. The three-year-old colt Midas, who met with on accident some time ago while at exercise, su«umhcJ to his injuries a few days ago. He was liy Oudeis from Countess, by OliBCurity, and as a two year old proved himself a very smart colt. _ . Owners of liorses are reminded that entries for the Mentone races will close with the secretary, Mr. J. n. Ashe, 480 Bourke-strrct,! at o p.m. on Monday next. The programme is as followsSelling Hnrdle ltace of 40 govs, (for 14-hond ponies), one mile and a half; Trial Stakes of 40 sovs. (for horses that have never won a stake of more than 40 6,,vs.), ih e furlongs and 20 yards; December Handicap of 50 sovs., five furlongs ; Handi cap Hurdle Hace of 70 sovs., one mile and a half; Disposal Stakes of 100 sovs., five fur longs nnd a quarter; Handicap Steeplechase of 100 sovs,, about two miles and a quarter; and Mentone Handicap of 70 sovs., eight fur longs and a half. Word comes from New Zealand that Escape, the dam of Escapade, is dead. It is probable that the New Zealand horses Medallion, Tirailleur, and Leliel will come over here to take part in the V.li.C. Autumn Meeting. I.chel is a two-year-old brother to king William. Narellan, of whom so much was expected when lie went to England in company with Kiikhim and Lady Betty, finished third in a Hunters' Hurdle Hace at Kempton-park the other day. A clearance sale of the late Mr. W. J. Hangar's liorses will take place at Singleton on Thursday and Friday, January 15 and 16. The stud contains about 40 thoroughbred nates, principally with foals at foot; besides J laige number of horses of the Suffolk Punch breed. The imported Suffolk Punch Bullion Pilgrim will be submitted at the same time. Catalogues are in course of preparation, ii ! vnay be obtained from Mr. ii ^-Thompson, 19 Bligh-street, Sydney; or Sidney <-Tiblx>rn, 14 Castlereagh-street, Mr. J.\\\ iison cautions owners and trainers not to employ George Moody or Cliff Moore, who have left his service without notice. 