XIu It is one of tbe defects in the administra tion of the police, as it exists in this country; that when onoe the mind of "'the force" is made np, and a theory of. a crime hat.been adopted, it banishes-all . other alternatives from consideration, and goes steadily to work, raking together fact after fact that makes for the theory and negleoting every biroumstanoe that tends to its disproof. This U the expla nation of many an unsolved mystery. If the reoordt of crime vers ransacked, it would be found in many inetanoea that the oironm etsnoee of the orime offered explanations widely different from those which were " officially" entertained, and that whilst the bloodhonnde of the law were engaged in fol lowing up a wrong cine the real olue lay close at hand, with the actual onlprit in all proba bility living right under the noses of the offioere of justice and enjoying their discom fiture. The Cheshire polioe had adopted Sergeant Williams's theory of the Cross Hall tragedy, and atarting with the supposition of Frank Trestrail's guilt, strained every nerve to make the demonstration of his guilt complete. What might have happened if they had ac cepted Trestraii'a denials as at least suggesting the possibility of innooenoe, and aooepted i that for their working hypothesis, will bs eeen before the end of this story is reached. It must, however, be admitted that appear ances told heavily against Trestrail, and that It wonld require a larger trust in human nature than the ordinary member of the foroe possesses to have ran away with the idea that TreBtrail'a denials corresponded with some parts of his eonduot, and that he was, in truth, what he deelared himself to bs —innocent alike of the robbery and the murder. The chain of evidenoe whioh they wonnd round TreBtrail waa so strong that it only wanted one thing to make it complete. That Was to discover the hiding- place of the spoil and the deadly weapon tnat had been used with enoh terrible effect on the night of the double crime, and trace the possession of these to the sooueed, On the assumption of Trestrail's gnilt it was possible, of eonrse, that tbe murderer had hidden or bnried the proceeds of the robbery somewhere in the neighbourhood, unlets be had been acting in coilneion with some oontederate who had carried off the spoil to eoino plaeo of safety. The medical testimony had proved con clusively that Mr. Bradburn had been murdered aome time between ten and twelve o'clock at night. Put in at tbe furthest limit, that the murder was committed, the contents of tbe safe paoked np, the murderer had washed his hands in Treetrail's bed room, and had broken away the look within and battered the door on the outside by one o'olock. John Onbhins did not arrive nntil seven. Tbat leit the onlprit nearly Bix hours in which to dispose of hie bontv. There waB many a dell and oave, grown over with a thick growth of underwood, within a three-miles radios of Cross Hall, known only to poachers and the like, that would have to be discovered before the polios oame on further traoes of that night's work. Such was their theory. Some of these hiding places might never bo discovered, unless the police could win the oanfidenoe of some po&oher; who would consent to show them his haunts. But this was ah imoraotioable notion. The feud between the officers of the law and the humbler disciples of Nimrod in the County of Cheshire waa too deep to admit of reconciliation en terms that would have the effect of placing every poaoher in time to come at the mercy of his natural enemies. When all search proved unavailing, the polioe fell back on the theory that Treatrail might have had accomplices, and they applied themselves to unearthing his past in the hope that this might lead to the dis covery of some one who waa confederate with him in his gnilt. But as Sergeant Williams put It pathetioally to Doggett, " When you don't know where a man oomes from, or how he got here, whether he oame on wings or whether he walked, what are you to do 1" That Frank Treatrail had called at Cross Hall in the summer and asked for work; that it bo happened Mr. Bradbarn was hors dt combat and wanted the services of a man who oonld bs trusted, and had engaged Trestrail; and that Trestrail under stood his business thoroughly, and was asked to etay on after harvest, and did so stay, was all that rewarded Sergeant Williams's enqui ries. And so the weeks wore on and Christmas oame and went, and the date fixed for the Winter Assizes at Chester drew on. Trestrail lay in gaol at Chester growing more Bud more apathetio as the day when be must be tried for his life approached. The Chaplain, who waB a kind- heat ted man, strove in vain to administer consolation to the wretched prisoner. In trntb, the Chap lain's resources were limited. The whole County of Cheshire was ringing with the terrible tragedy at Cross Hall, and so fieroe waa the animus against the prisoner that there were some donbts whether be would receive a fair trial. Although the Chaplain did not share in the prevailing animna he waB oonvinced of Trestrail'a gnilt. What oonaolation could he offer, so situated, to a man who would talk about nothing else when he did talk, whioh was seldom, but about the crime laid to hie oharge, and who never ceased to reiterate his own innocence ? It was not the Chaplain's cue to discuss the crime with Trestrail; but what was the poor man to do when Trestrail would apeak of nothing else ? "I dent want sympathy," he wonld say, "I wan't help; I don't want consolation,I want justice—justice, mark yoa, that doesn't err—juatioe with her eyes open, awift to dis eern between the innocent and the guilty, and that does not leave the guilty to go free whilit the innocent is being detained behind these grim walls." At last Trestrail'a fervid appeals for justice made some impression on the Chaplain's mind, and he ventnaed one day to ask meekly, " Have yon no friends!" "None," was the fieroe reply; "not a Mend in the wide world. Why do you ash ?" " Because It you have Mends yon ought to communicate with them. " To what purpose 7" "That they may assist yon to break through these toils, if so be that you are innooent." "Why, man,'my friends wore mourning for me five years ago. They believe me dead, and my brother has the estate that ahonld b€ mine." " How can that be!" asked the Chaplain, "In this way. I got into tronble—never mind what it was about—it was not felony— and I enlisted in the line. We were Bent ' out to India, and the vessel vent down. There were only five of us saved, i had had ebnugh of the army, end took to the sea with my four companions. I 'landed' at Liverpool nine month* ago, and thought of making for h»me. 1 found ont that my father Was dead, and my younger brother was reigning in his stead—or rather in tny stead. The trouble that I hadrun a Way' from was still alive. I walked from Liver pool, intending to go through Chester! to WaleB, careless whither I went, bat mean ing to heep qaiet nntil I oonld decide what to do next. I called at Cross Hall on taiy way to Chester, and the reat yon know ; or it you do not know, the newspapers will tell yon—and a good deal more than is true " ■ "Then your name is not Trestrail?" the Chaplain asked. "It is not. Ask me no farther. If I oonld see any hope of breaking through this terrible web that they have woven ronnd me, so that I could look my fellow-men in the faoe without shame, I would reveal my situation. Bat ours is an old name, and it shall never be known that one of our blood perished on the gallows." From thla determination the worthy Chaplain strove to move the man in whom he began to'feel a profound interest. Bat Trestrail remained obdurate to every argu ment, and nerved himself to meet his fate. Finding him obstinate on this point, the good man wrought a deed that deserves to be recorded to kiB honour. He sat down patiently to listen to Treetrail's brief aooonnt of what he knew, which was little enoagh, and he listened as one who believob every, word that be heare. Trestrail could only tell the Chaplain that he was the first to go to rest on the night of Mr. Bradburn'e murder, as be was the first to rise in the morning. He had workedhard that day and was very tired. After supper he felt himself very drowsy and went to bed. On reaohing hie room, he felt eo weary, that after disencumbering himself of hi* coat and waiatooat he threw himself on the bed to sleep, and remembered nothing more until the following morning, when he wae aroused by John Gubbins knocking at the door. .When Gubbins drew hie attention to the etains on hie shirt, ho did not know what to make of it, bat he felt so heavy that he did not trouble about the mattor until the murder was discovered. Then he grew too dazed to think until the polioe oame. As he knew he was innocent he expected that the arrival of the police wonld be followed np by some discovery that wonld explain the ontire ocourrenoe; and when he aoaom panied Williams and Doggett to the hall aoorat the front of the building, and saw the door smashed in, he considered the orime wae explained, and thought nothing of the blood etains on hie person nntil his attention waa directed to the smear on his sleeve; " and then," he aaid, " I opened my waiat ooat and ehowed tbem the stains there." " And what theory have you formed of the orime ?" the Chaplain asked. " I am tired ot thinking ont and wearing theories," Trestrail answered. "1 have thought the matter over and over, nntll I have nearly thought myself daft. When I have pieoed a theory together I find it broken to pieoes as soon as I begin to ask, 'Who dragged the liquor f' If I ooaid nurid dle that mystery the rest were easy. It seems as if there oonld only be three persons for it—Selina Gubbins, Nanoy Baddeley, or myself. I didn't, Selina wouldn't, she was I too deeply attached to her old master; Nancy —I would sooner think I had done every thing myself, in my sleep, than believe that a gay, light- hearted girl like Nanoy oonld have become the companion of thieves and mar dererr, Not" Trestr&ti; resumed, after a pause in whioh the Chaplain sat thinking, "I have thought that tho thieves were hidden within—there are plenty of places in Ctobb Hall where men might hide—and that they oame iorth when all was.q'niet and decamped after completing their e'rraod." " Bnt yon forget the door,' said the Chap lain." " No, I have not'forgotten that. The look oonld have been wrenohed off the door in two minutes by a strong man armed with a crowbar, and there may have been reasons why they sbonld take that means of exit." " Bat sorely there was the key to unlock It J" "Not. sol" Trestrail answered. "The door was seldom opened, except in the earn mer for the air, and when it was not in nse there was no key there." " Bnt yon forget the marks on the ontside," said the Chaplain. " If, as yon say, that means of exit was adopted for reasons of their own, why should they have battered it onfthe ontside when they had forced it from within ? If burglars had secreted themselves on the premises they would naturally seek to direot suspicion to the inmates." " Who knows?" Trestrail answered wearily, ■' I have asked myself that question a hundred times. Tne only explanation that I can think of is that it may have been done in mere wantonneBa of triumph." " What I cannot understand," continued Trestail, after a few momenta' eitenoe, in whioh both sat buried in thonght, "is, how they dootored the liquor? I can underetand them dootoring the brandy, bnt how they could have dootored the beer in the few moments that Selina was absent, I cannot fathom. One of them may have ponred the laudanum into the anpper beer when Selina left it for a few minutes in the sonliery." The Chaplain's inoome waB small and his wants many, but he went forth from this interview with the prisoner to instrnot his solicitor to pnt in an appearance on Tree trail's behalf when his case oame on for trial. JaDtiary came in, cold and bleak, even for that inolement season of the year, and before the month closed Frank Trestrail was lying under sentence of death for the murder of Timothy Bradbnrn. oi Cross Hall. The weak points in the oase for the Crown were belaboured by a rising jonng barrister, who defended Trestrail with relentless logio and a fine scorn. He boldly started the theory that his unfortunate olient was the victim of a vile conspiracy, and that on the heads of the conspirators wonld devolve not only the guilt of the murder of Timothy Bradbnrn, bnt the gniit of the blood of the unhappy man then on trial for his life, if the issue of that day's proceedings ended by dooming him to a felon's death. The jline taken by the defenoe was that Trestrail had himself partaken of the noxious draught that bad been administered to the rest of the household at Cross Hall, and. while thus incapacitated, the assassins had diverted enspioion from themselves by stain ing his linen end putting in his posket a paltry portion of the spoil. It was a daring and ingenious theory, Supported by keen argument and powerful eloquence. Bnt when the Judge began to sum np In even, level tones, adopting the theory of the proteontion and testing the facts, sworn to by the witnesses, in a narrative ana dramatic style, there was probably no one In Court, and least of all Trestrail himself, wbo felt that the trial oonld have other than one When the Judge had oonclnded his dramatio narrative of the facts deposed to, he torned to the theory set np for the defenoe, and having complimented the counsel on the skill with which Jie had conducted bis oase, ha proceeded to shatter the theory that he had The defenae,he said,oould not he dis missed as Idle and impossible per ee, .But was it sustained by any .evide'noef Yes,, there vasone pUoe of evidence, ind only one 1 It was that the prisoner had condnoted himself with the air of on innocent man throughout his assooiation with the con stables when the investigation into the o/imo was proaeedlng, and in conformity with that role he had neglected to destroy the evi dence that tended to connect him direotly with the orime. Bnt was that solitary' piece of evidence—if it were evidenee and not exqnieite acting—to be placed in the soales against the oase for the prosecution, tbst hod been prepared with so muoh care, and the evidenoe upon evidence tending to an opposite oonolusion that the Jury had heard with their own earsl Who were these mysterious assassins ? — where were they now T How had they managed to visit and leave the neighbourhood with out betraying their presenoe? How had they oontrived to enter this old man'e dwelliag bv stealth 7 What opportunity coald they have had without the assistance of eome one within to interfere with the mnrdered man's domestic affairs preliminary to the orime by pouring landanom into the brandy decanter, pouring the same drag into the jng of sapper beer 7 On these points the defenoe was alto Sether silent. It was a theory without evl ence to enpport it; and in the judgment of twelve honest men it would receive the attention it deserved, bnt not to the exclu sion of the olesr and unfaltering testimony that had been given by the witnesses for the Crown. And so Frank Tres trail was left for death, and on the last day of the month he die'd on the scaffold for the mnrder at Cross HalL There was one man in Court when the prisoner's oonnsel urged his plea who was convinced by it. That man was the young officer Doggett. Let us look now, for a moment, at Cross Hall. The new master. William Hradbnrn, who, in default of a will, succeeded to the estate, bad not yet takon up his abode there. Be had shrunk from any steps towards claiming his inberitanoe, until after Frank Trestrail had paid forfeit with his life lor the deed that had been done in tha darkness at Cross Hall. To those who congratulated him on succeeding to the estate, and oondoled with him on the serious diminution in the fortune that oame to him, owing to the robbery, he gave ever the same reply:— " We must wait a bit. It is too early for either oongratulation or oondolenoe at present. Treetrsll may speak, and if he ooa iesaes, he may tell what he has done with the contents of the eafe; and when those are found, there may be a will; and it may chance that my name is not in it." So William Brodbnrn resided still with his mother in their little oottaxe a mile away from Cross Hell. Hs oontioned to sot as bailiff on the estate where he was employed,, end Generally oondnoted himself in an ex emplary manner that Bent him np many degrees higher in popular estimatioo; ana already his position stood high, as a steady, well-conducted young fellow, unassuming in manners, and with a good knowledge of his craft. Bat Trestrail not only died without mak ing any confession of guilt, but affirming his - innooenoe to the last. Before being led forth for execution, be bad extorted a promise from-the Chaplain that he would lay a. dying man's commands on Doggett, and bid him remember his promise. After Trestrail's execution, there was no reason why William Bradburn should hesi tate to take up the position of his onole's beir. There was no will to be diaoovered. If any will had been made it had been re moved - with the other contents of the safe. But the foot that Timothy Bradburn had not consulted any iawyer with regard to his testamentary intentions was held to nega tive the idea that a will was in existence. Timothy Bradburn had in fact died intestate, and William Bradburn had no diffioulty in obtaining letters of administration, by whioh he became possessed of the heritage of' bis fathers. The moment long looked-for by Nancy Baddeley, with feelings of inoreaalng dread and dismay, drew near, when William Brad burn would he inetalled as master at Cross Hall. For many weeks since she fell down in a dead swoon in the bedroom of her uuole, after Kaxing on the awful sight that smote on hor bewildered vision, Nanoy's life had hung on a thread. Nothing nut her strong ooostitn tion enabled her to pull through the weari some weeks ol illness that followsd. The crisis of the fever passed, leaving her a very infant for sheer helpless weakness, and long, after the fever had left her, ehe remained in the same oondition of utter lassitude, com pletely baffling the skill of the doctor, who attended her. Week after week passed by, during whioh William Bradburn proved himself au assiduous lover by the constancy of his euqairieB. Still Nancy grew no stronger. The subject of the tragedy of Cross Hall was strictly tabooed in ner presence by the dootors solemn instructions. Nanoy lying in ber inert state was too feeble to show a pass ing interest in the daily events of the farm. She rarely spoke, exoept In answer to Borne question, and when ane did apeak, she did not refer to her nncle'e death, and no intelli gence of what was passing was oommunioated to her. She had reasons of her own for not wishing to live, and it was this indisposition on her part to make any effort to rally that so sorely baffled the physician. Frank Tree trail was lying under aentenoe of death before Nanoy was able to ait up for a few hours; for at length her etrong constitu tion prevailed over her mental inertia. She= looked a poor ahadow of her former aelf. Gone were the rounded ontlinesof her oheeks and the bright carnation fluah! Her faoe was pale ana wan. Gone was the light of roguish laughter from ber eyes! Her fioe form had wasted away. It was a ghost of the former Nanoy that drew tears from the eyes of Selina dubbins. When Nanoy was able to sit np for a few hours In a chair, softly cushioned by Selina's kindly hands, Selina oonld not keep back her tears as shepeheld the kevoo that the long' Illness had wrought upon her. The good soul suggested that• her nursling wonld be better If ehe would pluok up her spirits and go downstairs; but Nanoy's eyes filled, and ahe motioned with her hand to Selina to dniit At last there oame a day when Nanoy was told everything that had happened sinoe the day, when horrified by the aight of her murdered uncle, she fell down in a swoon. . Nanoy burst into tears when she learned that Frank Trestrail had forfeited his life for the crime, and that William Bradburn was now master at Cross Hall. She wailed forth, "Oh 11 wish I were dead too 1 Why didn't Idle!" 8ellna looked on in amazement at this outburst of sorrow. Selina knew not that Notcywasabout to becomes mother, sod tbat Nancy's bosom bold the secret that the fstheref ber unborn babe was the murderer of Timothy Brsdbnrn 1 