[KOW FTB8T rOBHlHETl.] BY ORDER OF THE CZAR. THE TBAOIO STOBT OF ANNA KLOSSTOCK, THE QUEEN OF THE GHETTO. BY JOSEPH HATTON. Author of " Cruel London," '. The Three Beorulte," "John Needlum'e Double," &o.; [ALL RIOHTB BEHKBVrjD.] PART LIL CHAPTER XIV.-Esra PHILIP FORSYTH ENTER SAH ÖWVNFOBD. " Tho sooner we leave Venios the better," said Mrs. Milbanke to her devoted and genial partner. " Whether Mr. Forsyth remains or not is of no moment to ns : we have done with Philip Forsyth for ever, and I think we are well ont of him." " I suppose so," said Walter, lighting a cigar, and looking contemplatively across the lagoon. I'm not sure, my dear." " 1 thick I am," " Tt ls all very sadden and very different from what we arranged." " It is," Slid Jenny, taking a seat by bis side and casting her eyes in tbe same direotion, but speaking BB if she were addressing an inusrinary Walter somewhere in the neigh' bourhood of tbe Lido," They were sitting in the open balcony ander a pleasant awning, the sun dancing opon the water beneath them. A few decorated boats and gondolas were lazily passing, to and fro, and there was a great air of oalrn and repose in the atmosphere, which was in pleasant oontrast with the recent bustle and excitement of the Koyal fetes. The King and Queen had left amidst salvoes of artillery and braying of trumpets, and whether the Countess Stra vensky had followed in their wake or preceded them, was an open question upon whioh Walter could not satisfy his enquiring spouse. The mysterious disappearance of General Petronovitch was tbe talk of Venice, and it was half hinted on all hands that he bad gone away to keep some mysterious rendezvous with the Countess. His wife, the Prlnoess Hadna, etill remained in Venios, but the courteous msnager of the hotel had Informed Mrs. Milbanke that her Highness had given instructions to her people for their return to Paris on the morrow. Walter and Jenny bad discussed these inci- dente of fact and gossip over breakfast, but without being moved by them very much either cue way or the other, their immediate' interest in life at the moment being concentrated upon Dolly and Sam Bwynfora. waiter was enjoying nie aiter-Dmsisss cigar, and endeavouring to lay ont nil plana for the remainder of their Italian trip. "You see," be continued, still looking across the lagoon, and trying to blow a cloud of smoke after his thoughts. " I had made my arrangements for a stay of at least a month here in Venice ; and indeed have taken these rooms for that tims.'' . ' " I know," said Jenny, " bot Dolly's plans were of a much more serious character than that. She had settled, not for a month, bat for life." " And her sóbeme still holds good," said Walter, smiling, "only that she baa changed her travelling companion." "Well, and so have we," asid Jenny, endeavouring to drop into Walter's semi phlloBophio vein j " only that our trip is a sommer holiday." " You think she loves Swynford 1" " I'm sure she does," said Jenny, " and hal loved him all the time, even when ene accepted Mr. Philip Forsyth." "Then why did sba accept kim?"asked Walter. "Now, my dear," said Jenny, with the faintest suspicion of irritability, " don't let nt go over that again, I am quite willing to assume my share of the blame of H, all tbs blame, if necessary ; but I thought we had conoluded Ar little controversy os that point last night.. ' I'm sure I asses- slap» a wink, wbat with your reiteration of the salient points, as yon called them, and my thinking of them over and over again, afterwards. For heaven's sake let us say no more about responsibilities. Blame me, li-you _ like, entirely." " My dear," said Walter, takvngher hand affectionately, still gazing out ecrus* the lagoon, " we are both to blame." " Very well, then," replied Jenny, " there is an end of it. We have done the right thing at last." " " Yon really think sot" said Walter; " I am sure so," she replied: " Mr. Philip Forsyth thought more of his art than of Dolly, and finally more of that intriguing Countess than of either bis art or Dolly." .. ,'. "Has tbs Countess really .left Venice !" asked Walter. "No doubt of it," Jenny replied j,"and Philip has not been seen In this h^'Ior abb last two days." " : " Yon know that bis lugg age ls'sQir here," said Walter. "Part of it-part of tV'saUfttwy, with come irritation. " It seems he took away his large portmanteau, and I km quite sure the porter had some secret understanding about forwarding the rest after him." "It ls all very strange," asid Walter. "If be had said ' good-bye -left a AO te-seat a telegram-done anything that .we might have anted upon, oar position would have been st much more satisfactory." "His conduot," said Jenny, 41 ls all the more scandalous, It is evident to me that there was a rivalry between this wretched General Petronovltoh and Philip, a rivalry whioh we shall hear more of. The Priuoesi Radoa, I am told, Intends to obtain s divorce j she will lay her case before tbs Csar himself." " Dora it «trike yoa at all," aaked Walter, for the first time tarnlng toward» bia wife and negleoting his olgarette, "that this General Petronovitch may have met with foal play f" "No : why should lt t Thia is not on oient Venice. What foul play could possibly happen to him, except the fool play.that ls evidently part of his ohareoter; tba foal play of a reprobate t" "And Philip?" continued Wetter,inter- rogatively; "you are quite satTsfled te your own mind that he is under noTestreint,'that he left ns voluntarily, and is'.ewaj for. his own wicked purpose«r ' '.'¡.^ "1 only know," Jenny > replied, ;'* ftsi his conducta- the Ck>iwtea«'«reae*imwU shame- ful ; that bia manner toward« tte Mete« waa that of a weak fool nuder the iaaeinatioos of a deaignlng womans that btt withdrawal from our society - the next, 'dey, «nd bia appearance with the ConcteeaStravensky In ber ostentatious gondola, ara à enBoient jiistiecation of what we have-thoaght deslrabls in the interest of Dolly." " Hut you didn't see bim, my dear, in the gondola." " Beppo did," she replied, " and Beppo saw the boat turn into the little canal, wbtoh has a side entrance into the palace where shs gave her very mixed and Bohemian reception. " You thought differently of the reception, my dear, when she invited us, and were ! tremendously impressed with lt until--" .? ramp mean a tool of himtsll, exolaimea Jenny, interrupting her argumentative lord ; "and why yon will go on repeating all thia, and come back to it aa ii we wen discussing it now for the first time, and bad not sat np half the night similarly engaged, I cannot, for the life ot me, understand. Philip deserted ns, and praotioally threw over Dolly ; we shall not admit this outside onr own little family circle, but that is the fact. Dolly wes shame- fully jilted. We only say that, I repeat, to ourselves. 8am 8wynford comes upon tho scene ; proposes for Dolly, as he had intended to do some weeks ago ; fa aooented ( Dolly is happy ! Swynford is a good fellow, and he is happy ; and what in heaven is the matter with you, Walter V " How came Swynford here at all T It ls that whioh purtles me," said Walter. "It you had been perfectly trank with me, I don't .oppose we should hare had these discussions, you are keeping something back." Again he turned his taos interrogatively upon Jenny. She pressed his hand and rose to her feet. " You are always in such a hurry, Walter. I should hsve told you all in good time ; and I am sure you will forgive me now if you com- pel me to confess before I meant to. The telegram I sent to my dressmaker was not to my dressmaker at all; it waa a private message to Sam Swynford, inspired thereto by our conversation at Lady Forayth'e, and suggested to him that be should come to Venice." " I thought so," said Walter. "If you thought so, why didn't you say sc ; it would have spared us so much irritation." " 1 am not irritated," aaid Walter, " and you know 1 would spare your feelings in every possible way ; your subterfuge about the aretstnakor was unworthy ; und it was unkind also to keen me in the dark." " I feel lt was, doar ; I know it was. I confess it. I apologise ; my only excuse ia that Dolly was with ns when I told the little fib about the message ; I could not, of course, take her into my confidence ; as for you dear, I humbly ask your forgiveness." She flung her armB around her lawful crilio, deposited ner head upon his shoulder, and Walter gave ber what he considered to be a i triumphant kiss. j "how then," he said cheerfully, "that's all right. I forgive you ; we understand each other. I have no doubt you did the right thing ; I have no doubt Dolly has done the right thing ; I am sute Sam twynford has ; and I um quite sure that Philip Forsyth haB behaved shamefully." " Walter, you are a darling I" exclaimed his wife, returning his kisB. "And now, what are your plat s 1" " To get out of Venice at once, as you pro- posed," said Walter; and, as be Bald BO, they both, by a mutual impulse, left the balcony ns if so pack ; but they were both attracted by the entrance of the manager of the hotel. " A letter," he said, " very urgent, for Mr. Milbanke." Walter opened it. It aras from Philip Forsyth-only a few lines : "Forgive me. Accept my abject regrets and apologies. Dolly will easily forgive me. I am utterly unworthy of her and of your friendship. Tell her so. We shall probably never meet again. I have left Venice on a long journey. My oonduct on the night of the Countess Strarensky'a reception may ex Slain my change of plans and life. I feel it ue to yon to say this. No one need be alarmed aa to my safety. I have written to my mother. It ever you and yours think of me again, remember me when most 1 seemed entitled to yow respect «nd esteem. PHILIP FOBSYTH." " Think yon." seid Welter, taning to tbs manager. " There is no answer." "The messenger did not walt," said the manager. " You have instruotions to forward on the remainder of Mr. Forayth's baggage !" " Yes, sir ; it goes to Paris, " I am sorry," said Walter, " to tell yon that this has broken np onr little party. We shall leave to-morrow for the lakes and Switzerland ; bat we are very muota indebted to yon for your kindness and attention. We shall pay for our rooms until the end of the term for which I engaged them, and we ahall hope to return next spring for a long stay in Venice. Any loss that you may have sustained by our monopoly of the hotel during the fîtes I shall discharge with pleasure." "Monsieur is most generous," «aid the manager. " I hold myself at your oommand." With which the courteous host withdrew, and Welter and his wife returned to the subject in hand. "That letter, my dear," said Jenny, "is our justification." "Yes," said Walter, " it relieves my mind very considerably. I should have felt troubled about leaving Venice without having aome thing definite from Forsyth. Now all we have to do is to try and forget the disagreeable part of our journey-to look upon what has happened as arl for the beat, and continue our holiday in a cheerfnl spirit." " We never, my dear Walter, wera more unanimous upon any subject. Where do you propose to go T" "I think we might spend a few days at Verona,, a week or two at Belaggio, and then travel quietly through Switzerland and home by ParU." " Delightful," aaid Jenny, as Dolly and Sam Swynford entered the room. " Don't you think aol" abe said,addressing Dolly and her new nanci. "The morning," said Dolly, "or what? Venice is certainly lovely. ' Sambas given me an los at Florian e, and I have been feeding the plgeonl," < ' . "For sixty eeoondi," «aid 8am, cheerily; " I was afrald the pigeons were going to feed on Dolly. ' -She-was literally in a oloud of feather«, I bad positively to resoné her." "Not the first rescue," said Dolly, with a frank, 'affectionate expression in her idencmg'eyos that comprehended the whole ^TYour elster;" skid Sam, "ls a trifle mysterton* or"" mischievous-don't know which ; both perhaps. She baa been Baying that all the way beie, and yet I'm sure the lot was harmless enough. If it had been pnnoh a ia Romaine-well, there, lMsay no more abont it, exoept between onr fonr selves thal this is the happiest moment of my lile." "There I" said Dolly, "and you've said that before I" "And on many occasion»," said Jenny, merrily. "Walter always says it when hi makes a speech." " Come to think of it," said Sam, " yon an possibly , right. Don't remember that 1 ev« made mora than two or three speeches in my life, and I believe I have always ruog in that convenient expression. But I hope the doesn't take away from its point to-day. If ] had wings like those pigeons, I think I ehouh jost soar right np into that blue sky and corni tumbling down again in very f up, just aa on of the fluffiest of them did siter be made th acquaintance of Dolly." "I daresay," said Walter. "Have i cigar!" "I'll have anything you like, my des "Dolly." «aid Walter, aa she stsod there beaming upon him, " sit down, and don't look so miserable. If yon have any tittle parchases to make, take a little rest, and go out and msike them ; we leave Venloe to-morrow." " Leave Venloe I" exclaimed Swynford, looking at Dolly. .' Leave Venice 1" said Dolly, looking at Jenny. "Wo are tired of Venice»" ssid Jenny. " Bat we are not going home ; don't be afraid.. What do you say to the Lake of Como, Sam t" "The Lake of Como," replied Swynford, " where the marble palace-lifts its something, to sternal summer, and blushes forth ia the midst of roses, or what is it ? I'm not good at poetical quotation." "Quit* good enough," said Walter. "That's the place." " And a little cottage in a shabby village I wbeu we get there ¥' said Swynford. "By no means,"'said Walter. " It waa so in the play, you know," said Swynford, turning to Dolly. "Thia is net a play," rejoiced Walter, "and we don't want any of your comedy dialogue, Sana ! only a little oi your common sense." "All right," said Sam. ''Proceed ¡ aU my common sense is at your disposal. Not Sot muok ot it, but snob aa lt is, and all I ave, pray command me." " Do you propose to give us the pleasure ol your company ? asked Walter. " I propose to give myself the plessuya ol your company." " For how long t" asked Walter. " Until you're tired of me ; and os regardi Dolly, even a little longer." " You talked this morning of sending tl London for lome luggage." " I have Bent for my Sunday olothet," said Sam, Uughing." "To tEUaddreai f " To the Hotel Milano." "Do you think they ara 00 their way by this 1" " I hope ao." " Very well, then ; you oan give instructions at the Hotel Milano to hare them sent on to tho Hotel Beleggto." " Consider it done, my dear Walter," said Sam. " I am going up to the station now," said Walter, " to arrange for a saloon carriage to Verona." " Will Dolly come," said Swynford, " and Mra, Milbanke Î" "They had better rest a little," said Walter. "We will come back, and I pro- pose that later we spend an hour in St. Mark's. There are some littlo things Jenny would like to buy, and then we will ge over to the Lido and dine." "You had better place yourself entirely in Walter's hands," said Jennvjo Sam. "Most happy," said Ssm. " Walter, give the word ; I sm with yon." CHAPTER XV.-MODERN LOVERS IN ANCIENT VKBONA. There is probsbly no more interesting city in all Italy than Verana, where Shakespeare s " 'i wo Gentlemen " took their walks abroad, and Romeo and Juliet lived, loved and died. Whether the tomb they show yon ls Juliet's or not, the town is that of the Capólete and the Montagues, and the air pulsates with romantic possibilities. To begin with, the place is delightfully situated on a rapid river ; it is within the mighty shadows of the Alps ; it has a Roman amphitheatre, more complete and beautiful than the Colosseum at Home ; it is a city of palaoes and balconies, of frescoed houses, and narrow, picturesque streets. Standing in the Piazza del Signori, you feel that not only is that story of Romeo and Juliet possible, but true. At night, meeting there two or throe groups of noisy young citizens ooming home lrom some local festival, you may feel assured they will bite their thumbs at each other. English travellers bound to Milsn, on the one hand, or to Venice on the other, rarely make Verona more than a reetiug.place for the night ; but it is well worth the sojourn of a week. Your hotel is one of the tine old Soaligeri palaces. It was the Saturday market on one of the days of the Milbankes' stay there, and they found the courtyard of the Palace of the Capntets full of market- carts and tethvrod borses : the adjacent and surrounding buildings evidently humble lodging-houses, but even these had balconies, and were artistic in decay. " Murray " says there are more balconies in Verona than in ? any other city of italy. Walter was very happy in his pleasant allusions to modern Romeos and Julieta, and to those who flirted in the balconies of old. Sam waa delighted at any reference to his engagement with Dolly, who had some little difficulty now and then in restraining what Jenny had informed her was a too jubilant view of her position. "The fact ia, my dear," said Dolly to Jenny, " 1 feel as if I had had an-awful escape. If I had been neoned from a fire or shipwreck, and had got well over it ; or, to be more prosaic, had been very ill in crossing from Calais to Dovsr, had quite recovered and had a. good dinner, I couldn't have felt more contented than I do now." " Bot you mustn't let Sam see it." "Why nott'.' said Dolly, "lie is under the impression that I . gave up Philip, not Philip me, ead I really don't cara whether he knows the entire troth or not, I have told him I am vary happy, that even when 1 seemed to hold him at a dis tan oe I always loved him. You know, dear, you gave me a lot of advioe before about Philip. Don't you think it would be just as well to let me alone now to go my own way ?" "Well, perhaps-perhaps," said Jenny. " I own I was not very wisc about the Forsyth business. Bat what ia this Î Why, this is the market-place. Walter, Uuotthisthemarket placet" . " Yes, dear,'.' said Walter. "Don't you re- member we saw a picture cf it in the Walker Gallery at Manchester I" " No," said Jenny, " I never saw a picture half ao beautiful anywhere." And the present chronicler is almost inclined to agree with this admiring exclamation. Imagine the market-place at Nottingham or Yarmouth, the houses tall, some frescoed,, one a palace, all with balconies y at the north end a pillar bearing aloft the marble effigy of the lion of St, Mark ; on the south a temple ; in tim centra an ancient iountain with a statue cf the Virgin. Above this imagine a blue, far-away eky ; and on the floor of the market numberless stalls, protected by great white umbrellas ; at the base of St. Mark's pillar a group of Italian men and women from the country, looking exaotly like a peasant ohorua out of a grand opera, so anuoh ac that you ex- pect them every now and then to bunt forth into song. Then imagine the market itself full of vegetables and lowers, and cattle and poultry, mostly presided over by Italian women, with handketehtsfs about their heads (and occasionally a mantilla) not unlike the head-dress of Manchester factory .girls ; and all round the market busy chops ; whenever you get a peep out. of the square down some aide street you catch glimpses of the faosdaa, ancient palaces or narrow-gabled thorough' fares. Add to all thia Italian soldiers, police- men (in tail hats, with silver.tipped walking sticks), priests in solemn costume, wrinkled old men, with equally wrinkled umbrellas, blue eyed Italian girls, and stately housewirei marketing. Lt you can put all this togethei in any kind of shape yon may form some idea of the Verona market. Among the cries of the mlscellaueoui vendors of goods and hawkers of > rolnoi articles of trade, "quatro chinka, ohinka, ohinka," "stivola," "pollastro," seemec continually ia orel evidence, the "ohinka, ohinka," of an old lady (like the grandmothei of one ot Onida's peasaut heroines, of a strangi and an antique mould) rising calmtyabove thi rest. She sold lour and five pieces of fish fo: a penny, lier competitors dealt in boots ant shoes, chickens, cheese, crockery, fiowers what indeed, did they not sell Ï Anslthisnne old market of white umbrellas with the sun playing all binds ol fantasti triclu with its various wares, waa the Form in olden days. The building we epoko ot as a Temple we find was the Tribune, " to which tho newly-eleotcd I'apitano del Popólo of the Free City, after having heard Mau at the Cathedral, was conducted, and in which, after he bad addressed the people, he was invested with the insignia of office." In after times the sentences of condemned criminals were pronounced from this Tribune. Proclamations were made from it, and debtors were here compelled to Bubmit to a humiliating punish- ment. In all bright scenes, however sunny, tho shadow always ¿onus. As they left the mnrket, they met the prison van on its way to. the local Newgate ; but even thiB conveyance had n pay appearance. Tho officers in charge, ic 110« cocked hats und bright swords, v/ere chuttiug with the driver, a peasant, who was calmly smoking a cigarette. Beggary docs not excito your sympathy as it does in London. Tho Italian mendicant is dirty, perhaps ; uuHfToctedly lazy, but he looks warm in Iiis ruga. There is a terrible reality about must ot the Loudon beggars ; and the professionals, whom Mr, Hibton Turnor, in his book on Vagrancy, has immortalised, can " assume a wretchedness" so keenly that they compel your pity. Nevertheless no Verona beggar made un unavailing appeal to Sam Swynford during this happy time at Verona ; and, full of his romantic suecos» with Dolly and the realisation of his dearest hopes, the poetic city now and then seemed to stimulate Sam into unexpected flashos of intellectuality. On thc last night of their visit to Verona, the Milbauke party were favoured with special permission to visit, by moonlight, the arene where the Christian martyr* were driven from their prisons out among tbe wild beasts, to audiences of osptains, senators, ladles, priests, and the populace. Ha would btv« been indeed Insensible to poetry or .haman sympathy «rn» oonld have eeen the moonbeams felling anon the marble seats and the broken erob.es without * pitying ilgh for the pest, and tv grateful reflection apon the privileges of liberty and toleration in the present. Sam Swynford felt, as they wandered thro ugh the great solemn place, a strong inspiration of protection towards Dolly, whioh she recipro- cated in a moro cr less comfortable nestle ander the wing, or to pat it wlthoqt metaphor, nnder the strong arm of her prosperous young London lover. Wheo they wer? most inclinad to Unger over seutimcntal refUctkn« about the Reeces in tho arena, Walter Millunko wai busy wirh thoughts of his finvl »how, »vhi'-.h wis tho Tomo of Juliet In the moonlight. " Not," he said, as he led tho way with the guide to tho carriage willoh awaited them at the entraño» ol the Colosseum, "Juliet's Tom!) an ordinary visitors see it, but jil to ourselves v/ith this glorious moon." Driving through the pleasant streets, and piloted herc and there by the music of evidently social eveniuge which gave oe oasional light and merriment to sundry houses en route, they prestmtly came tc. a quitter part of Verona, lighted only by e great white moon. They approached the pleasant coruor selected for Jutiet'e apocryphal tomb through un old fashioned garden, with patches of green turf and blooming gilliflowers, rows of peas in blossom that rivalled thc white Marguerite daisies in the moonlight, and a rich ncrfuxe ?rom beans in llowrr and the «cert of miry herbe. It waa a mixed gurdon of tbs English kind, that seemed niicouwiouely to lenii il tl' to the Juliet illusion of the 1Îugliuii poet. Even Walter waa e'ibdued Ijy its uiioü'.-.r.. tatiana beauty, and thc little pirty followed the old Indy who opened thc. gwdeu £ate U->OTÏ thc narrow way that led to the groat stone coffin which, as a matter of sentiment and imagination, the world ie williug to acoept aa a relic of the Shakespearean story. It was somewhat out of keeping with fr" romaneo of the scene to find the grcr.t stoop, sarcophagus half-full of visiting ords, thc prosaic character of which waa not quite redeemed by the one or two faded wreathe that hnng about the tomb. But it was all, nevertheless, very lovely and Impressive in the moonlight and without the presence nf other sightseers ; and the Milbiukoa, with their newly-engaged companions, drove tn their hotel, being generally more or leos ander the impression that they possessed a far higher and poetic appreciation of the beautiful than any of them had imagined. That same silvery moon, however-whicb seemed to look down with espacial approval upon Verona-cast only fitful and furtive beams npon a weird, ghost- like figure tba appeared to a party of Venetian tishnrmen sailing their picturesque vessel through the water-gateway of the Adriatic into the shimmering lagoons of the Oity-in-the-Sea. f7o oe continued. > 