THE DASGEJR .SIGNAL. (COMPLETE SHORT STOBY.) Mr Thomas W. linos, under the. title ' The , Talking Handkerchief,', tells an ex citing story in the hew is3ue- of Harper's Magazine of a voyage in' a junk from S wato w to Hong-Kong. A Chinese j unk, he says, is divided into compartments, and it seems that the plan of building ships in the manner greatly ? vaunted Jy modern navicrators was invented in China centuries ago, Marco Polo describes the compart ment ships of the inhabitants of Cathay as he found them (about a.d. .1250),' bat it was not until nearly the middle of .the present century that the idea was 'adopted by European shipwrights. ?' --'-^ '??'-''?? ' The compartments in a -Chinese-, junk when bIis is on a peaceful voyage are let; put to individuals in the same way that the rooms on a passenger ship are reserved for those who have hired them. But there is this difference in the condition, of things, that while the passenger on the European steamship has nothing! to do with the' management of the craft, the merchant who ha3 hired a compartment on a Chinese junk has a voice in her navigation. The juakonwhichl had embarked was built in six compartments; two of these had been let out to one man and two to another, while the remainder were 'full of emptinesB,' as a Hibernian might say. The' consequence was that there were two tuipans (bosses) in addition to the low'dati, or regular, captain, and my servant soon found but, that the taipans and lowdah were old acquaintances and friends, and. there was a strong suspicion that tho taipana: were part owners, But they Beemed' to leave ttie management of the craft to the: lowdah, ns they stood idly about, and made' no interference with his orders. The open harbor of Swatow. favored, our departure, and in less than two hours' aE-ier leaving our anchorage we were fael-' iug the, influence of rthe monsoon, though it' wa? a good deal broken by the islands. of; M;moa and Tong-Yunff. Our course was for Br'eiiker Point, a notable headland on this part of the ? const, ' and 'known to the, Chinese aS'Tong-Lae; turning this' head-! land in safety, we should have nearly a ; straight -, road1 to Hong-Kong, as ? tho : general trend of the: coast is to the south- i waistband almost iu the- track of 7 the monsoon, . wnicn diows aown tne coast from September till, March. Even to Chinese junk 'may dp some very fair sailing with the , monsoon at her heels — at least, j fair for a' junk.' When ail- the 'xeafs 'were' shaken out- of our sails we' dashed gallantly along at nearly five miles an hour. ;: ??????. ? ? ? ? -'i ??? Left to myself and my cigar, ' took stock' of things around me, and tried to- be comfortable. John (the narrator's own servant):was a good cook, as w«ll as boyof all-work, and I knew he would; attend to my dinner without special instructions. The deck was covered with bales of merchandise, boves, tubs, and other odds and ends'; there were rollers or windlasses tor hoisting purposes ; and there wore coils and heaps of ropes that appeared in the most inextricable confusion. The juuk carried four brass guns, resembling the sort we call carronades more than anything else1 their carriages were hewn from Bingle blocks of wood, and mounted on clumsy trucks, and so many things were piled about the guns that .their use in tin emergency would be impossible. But as soon as we were fairly out of the harbor; and _; their services' were not needed' for manipulating the Eails, the inori were set to work at clearing up the rubbish arid bring ing order out of the confusion.' The boxes and their kindred soon disappeared into the.holds, the ropes were coiled away, and tne rubbish around the guns was. removed.' ' ' !v. ?[-'? ;.'?.'??.:.; X-r-'M ?.]?:;: to/ !i.;i;i:n;; Custom is the. same in many- things the world over,:and as I looked* at :the process of clearing up on board this, ;Chinese., junk, I 'was' forcibly reminded : of similar per formances ' on ships'- in'.;, European^ or , American waters. . ' '.';.? ?' .. .'.''. . The people of the junk attended to their own affairs, and I looked after mine. John held conference with the marine cook, and in due time the result of their joint labors appeared in my room at the stern. ' For the emergencies of sudden journeys we always kept a.bqx' filled with canned meats and vegetables, a plum pudding or two, various spices', peppers, and sauces, and a service of tablerware;1 another case contained ^wines and stronger beverages : and if the journey was at all likely to be prolonged; and pro visions scarce, the boxes were doubled' or multiplied. The provision and wine' chests had not been forgotten. With the boiled rice supplied by the junk's cook, added; to the. contents of a tin-can of : American origin, I had a capital, curryi.ofi.ohicken, which made the basis of my dinner; Bless ings on the inventor of canned provisions T They have' softened the asperities of .travel' ia outlandish countries more than any. of you stay-at-homera can' imagine.. . :.,.;., Dinner was served in my cabin— a room about ten feet square, directly under .the, position occupied by the man1 who : steered ? the junk; ib was' entered by a door from the deck, and at the rear there was'a good sized window, which- looked upon the1 water. The window was unusually wide for China, but destitute of. glass, its place being supplied by a roll of matting, and with an outside protection of lattice blinds. The door was of solid'plank at least two inches thick, and hung upon wooden hipges. It could be fastened by bolts, also' of wood; and altogether my lodging-place was by no moans : uncomfortable. My baggage was piled close to the door and filled the space on each side of it, and after dinner I ordered John to sling my hammock by the window so that I could enjoy my cigar in the breeze that was blowing the junk along to her destination. It was rather cool for comfort, but my overcoat and blankets soon., made everything all right) and I had nothing: to complain of . ; :'?''', . 'Until we rounded Breaker Point I had; a view of- the receding coast, but as soon. as we turned that headland there waB only the sea within ! the range _pf my^vision. There were a few junks irT sight, one of them sailing in our direction. A foreign barque, showing no flag, so that I could only conjecture her nationality, was. beating northward, evidently bound for Amoy. I watched her for. some, time, indulging in fancies of the far-pfE land whence she came, and recalling the days of my youth and early manhood. . By-and-by t night came upon us, and after a second cigar and a cup of tea, I told John to close the window and get iny- bed; ready. : - '?.?:?: I slept fairly well through the night in spite of the occasional rattling' of the rig ging and its attachments, the- noise of the 8teer3man over my head, and the: creaking of the great rudder as.it swung on. itB pon derous bearings. My bed, was,. made on. a 'Canton chair,' a sort of sofa or 'lounge of rattan, much 'a£Eected by the foreigner in Cathay, ;. ''?'? ... ': l John saw me safely in bed, and was about to hunt a sleeping-place elsewhere, when it occurred to me that I might want him dur ing- the night, and I wouldn't know .where to find him..' So I told him to spread -his mat and quilt on the floor'of the room close to the. door, and. he would thus save us from intrusion, and be handy in case his services, were' required. He obeyed some what reluctantly, as he probably had expec tations of gossip, and probably an hour or two of gambling with the crew of the junk — the Chinese are inveterate gamblers, and my servant was not one of the exceptions that are said to prove a rule. : Whether he was f asleep before me or not;l cannot say, as he did r not . move , a muscle 1 after lying down, and. his '.breath was; as noiseless as that of a mouse. . I. called- him once in the. night for a glass of water (I am. not .quite sure as to the exact nature of .tho liquid), and he was at my side in a moment to fill my order— and glass; ' He soon' lay 'down again as quietly as:befpre, and I heard no, more of him till daylight. He was the typej of a good servant, with the ear of a fox; the; eye of a hawk, and the foot of -a', cat.' ' ?'? ' It was just'fairly daybreak, when I was awakened by a commotion on deck.' There was a running/ to and fro, .'considerable' shouting ; in rthe. native, lingo,: which I couldn't understand, a pulling. at the ropes, and more than the usual creaking ot the rudder,. ns though the junk's, course was being changed. For a few minutes I thought nothing of lti'and'then it 'occurred to; me that afterpassing Breakwater Point we had ? almost a straight' course for Hong Korig, and, there was no occasion' for deviation1 from it. The monsoon wosa sure;thing a't'that sea son of the year, and there was no likelihood tbatthe wind nad- changed srioughto re quire^the junkkto go- about.,.: I wondered, what'' it meant, and as I did so I. hoard a slight rustling near the dopiy ..-?, : '?' 'Looking around,:! perceived by. the dim; light which 'struggled through the raati curtain that John was on hisknees, peering] through a. crack in the door- csaiu/f, aud apparently'a'good deal' intoresta'din' what; was going oil' outside: ?'? ; ' ,:.' ;v ''':' ' 1 John !' said 1 geutlyVbut without elicit ing' a reply;.:- .-.'???- :? ?'? ' t ; (1 'I repeated the cisll. in a louder voice ,Tp my surprise he gave a low '^Hist.l'in'nd, motioned with his .hand in; my; direction! without offering to move. . ? ? jr.; ?. i.' . , I was on my, feet 'hi aii instant, aiid, : as I ! rose he ogoin motioned;, me 'to '..sijenCB. ' Convinced that something uriusal .'.was going on, and with a senoo of impending dangor,- I obeyed the mandate, ' and sat down on the edge of the chair. : '' Perhaps five minutes passed in this; way — it seemed a: hundred times as -long — when John left his place arid, came toward me. ;.,..'? ; ' ' ,- :? ;,--. -. ; ' ilasso, no make bobblely,' said he in a low whisper— which meant :that. I -was,, to keep still; and I , answered,. ' Can: do.' Then,, wishing to know what was , the matter on deck,! afiked, ' What, for m^kee tootnucheebobblely that sida?' ' lr 1 John's answer, rendered frompidjinEng lish to'1 plain: language, was to 'the effect that wo wera pursuing a junk :with the evident intention of capturing' her. ' He had caught uriough' of the conversation . on deck to nscertnja this for a fact^anil ho said that the two taipans had been ret'ering to my cal)in, and wondering if the ' fan-kwei '? —foreign devil— was asleep or not. : ; V '. '' . Whether! turned pale or not at. this- in formation I never ' inquired';1; there' was very little light then, and' even if ;I did change color, John was.too'well trained to mention the 'circumstance. - 1' certainly: felt pole 'enough 'for a dozen gho'sts',' arid' : '1 o'ii;« '...: ?-.?-'- s-(,nt.-.ja would-hnve given all my prospeots'of 'ad- vancementsan the' commercial world to bs safe on sbbrei;'' ' *?'' ' _ ? -The whole^situatiori'was plain. '^ Foritea sousbest.known.to.': themsolves th'e ofEcera and crew of the junk had turned pirates, and were in pursuit of . prize. They had probably made up . their minds to, murder me as soon as- 1 showed myself, since; my testimony against them would be decidedly inconvenient. The only chance. of my escape,was that they would make ,an -.easy capture and plunder', their prize : without rousing me or my servant. In such eyent they might possible continue their ..voyage to Hong-Kong. and land me safely,;, butL it was by np'means unlikely that they, would put me but of the way on 'general prin ciples.^ .,-,?. . i:~ .. ... ,- ,,'; :i\\.w:u ? -. John returned to his post of observation and auscultation, 'arid I sat still toj wait the course of events. .,. ., ,...-., ? ..,.-:..','t, .'j? ,'irci jHardly was he at the door, when; jthera was a slight noise outside, and. somebody spoke to ,. him, r.pf -course., in Chinese.,- ;The voice was. little more than a whisper,; and. John made no response'.'. \ ? ? ?„ t -,-. 4 The door: of the room opened. inward;.. we had barred it securely — or, ; rather John had done so— before retiring,; 6r,-at,apy rate, secure enough to prevent ordinary; in- trusion. But in case' they wanted to op'en. it a, few blows with any. of j.the heavy sticks about the deck would haye. finished 'the business for us in a very shorty time; ' I crept to John's s.ide, and peered through . the crevice. Two men approached with, a piece of' wood about the size of/a'hand Bpike. It 'was hardly; large enough' ;f or, a battering-ram, but it |would;J, answer. Why they should wish to break.'id6wii'tha door without first trying to persuade*, us. vto open it I could not understand.. .';.'/,, I was not long in doubt as to 'their, inten tions. Instead of breaking down thej.door they barfed' it' so' that' it could inoF be opened. A projecting cleat at ttie top held the fastening' bar' in place, arid' the two men put it' in its position' so gently that they made no noise. :. ' -. tM, IwaB very thankful to the scoundrels for their forbearance, and -while I 'bore .no ill-will to the occupants of the strange junk, I could not do otherwise, than hops they would offer no. resistance, ' but1; allow themselves to be captured without making any fuss about it. Through my peep- hole —ttie crevice— I could see' that, we were gaining on her,. and if all, went ;well (for our junk} the' whole ' business1 might be over within an hour. .' ; One man remained on watch at the door, and John said he wafl.instructed to* report any noise inside our temporaryJSprison. .He_triedtp. look in through the' crevice, butin this we had the advantage,' -as the flood of light outside prevented .his dis cerning anything, while we could1 easily see all that went ..on within range, of our eyes. L '? ' ' ,.; ;^' ''' We were now pretty sure of being undis turbed for at least half an hour,' and'!1 de termined to make as good use as possible of the time. I 'had in my trunk a pair of revolvers and a box of cartridges,' 'arid my first thought was 'to get' them' out.^ ,'Very quietly, so as not to be heard by the man on guard, -John opened -the trunk and brought out the. weapons ; the revolvers had riot been charged for some timo, and one of them was so rusty that I feared ,it might miss Are in case of any attempt to. .use it. Removing the cylinder,. I lubricated .it as well as I could with some salad 'oil, arid shook a few drops into the mechanism of the lock ; the same precaution' was taken with its fellow, and the copper 'cartridges were thrust iritor their places,' C1.' ' ? - ' Now, my fine fellow's,' I said, to myself, ? unless you have some new style, of war fare, I think' some; of you will';'lose the number of your' messbet'ore you ^thro.w'mo overboard. ' I'm familiar With these thing's, and can make them talk to some purpose/ Next we ' cleared the deck foractipri ' by stowing everything in the corners of the room,- as there was not enough', to make *a good barricade with. : I psered 'cdutidu8ly under the edge of the matting ii'- the;' win dow, but dnre not raise it, for 'fear the sudden influx or light might be discpyere'd by our guard, and reveal the fact 'that we were awake; There was riofching'.iri sight, not eo much as a fishing-boat, and as far we could make out ahead ;tliere'1wa8 nothing visible save the junk we'were pur suiug.' '???'- - ? - ?' ??--:?-:'-? ju-^n. We gained rapidly, and though a' 'stera :chase is preverbially a loDgchaseV it was little over an hour from the time we. '.were aroused by the1 commotion that' :6ur jiirik lay alongside tne victitn. ? Ours was much the larger craft, and far 'Batter handled, and she carried more sail iu proportion to her size. The.result was thftt we'eamaup to her : side with more grace - than ydu might expect from 0110 of these clumsy vessels. Our men threw grappling-hooks over therail of -our prize,1 arid her people had the good sense to nmku no opposition. There!was:a'iBhortiiparley,which£waB7fol lowed by the transfer oi several boxes of sycee-silver and. Mexican dollars ,-frpm, her deck to ours.^togetheriwith half! a dozen baleB of silk' and three or four chesta of 'opium.. If elt relieved on finding that no bodj'sithroatlhad b'a'eit' but. iNot/a shot was firad on either_sidfl ; buf. our fellows were quite r^ady, for. business, as they had loaded their guns, and' stood -with lighted matches ready to blaze away if necessary^ It began to look as though I should have no occasion fpr my;, revolvers, arid I ex pocted th'a't every minute' the men would come to unbar thelloor. and restore things to their ?formers-condition^ '? The vessels separated, and ,? our/, junk resumed her courae. ,The stolen property; was. placed in the hold', and everything ^appeared/ to -be moving in the direction ,' of 'peacei'ryBsn; John startled' 'me, with the' information that the rascals were- discussing the 'pro priety of murdering us !' '-'?' . ? ' ? .?'. 'La-li-loong muchee talkee one piocea man dielo.. saweyl no.' con,' he remarked, which is 'equivalent, to,. 'The thieves, are saying that a dead man doesu't know any thing.'. No one will dispute it, and the phasa is not unknown to; the languages of the Western, world. ' It seams; that, they had some .doubt as to whether' we v had been 'playing. 'possum' duringrthe'Uttle act of piracy on their part; and it was urgedthat they could remove all: question nn that subject by throwing'us ovwrboard. In the favor of tha lattor' proposition was the valua of the two boxes of silver.'a'nd other portable property to whichdthey. would fall heirs if we. were., not -preBeftt .to claim it. ? ? 1 ? . 'rZ~'.j .. -.- ? . While discussing ; the 'qiiestioiii of, what to do withuaithe worthy trio jnove'd'ao far forward that-'we^were out of ?.ear-'Bhbti and we were obliged ,tp. ,cpnjeoture the result, for- a time at':leasi;.'V'PreseritIy 'they caina aft again, and 'from0 the1 few words' John. , ?;;; :;.;;; iii-.~ ?;???. -o 0.' ?.v:n i:—oVP'. ?';i o:i. couldjbatch he inferred that the decision was against us, and we were to be disposed of. * ? '' '? ? ' .-?'?? i The guard at out door was ordered to zemove the bar. As he obeyed the com mand I saw several knives flashing in the hands of the worst-visaged rascals of the crew. There could be no mistake as to their intentions, and I determined to make the most of the situation. I had already formed my plan, which was to shoot the lowdah and his two fellow- plotters, and then use the rest of my .-cartridges, on' the crew. If I could only take them unawares, I thought, I could' finish' the thfee'*head villians in about as many seconds, and ?would quite likely create a panic among the crew if I succeeded. But how to get at them in the right way ? If they would only fall into the error of letting us come out on deck before attacking us I should nave the odds far less against me than ?while restricted to my cabin. The lowdah said something in a low tone ?which John could not hear, and the men, with their kniveB concealed behind them, dispersed along the sides of the junk... .Then the 'cook1' came i to bur' door; aud; after pounding on it, asked John if he wanted ' any boiled rice for the fon-kwei's break fast. John answered in the affirmative, but the fan-kwei -;was not 'up yet, and lie , would come for the rice as sobnas it was wanted. Then the men put away their knives, and it ?wasievident they1 would1 do nothing till I appeared. . ..... Of course, there was no longer any occa sion to be cautious about opening, tnp win dow,- and I Md John to roll up the matting and epen thejlattice. I drew- good long breath, and as I did so IJscanned. the horisun. The air was just a little murky^not exactly a hoze, butirather '.the Buggestion'of 'it, 'and the horison was not clearly denned, though enough so for all practical purposes. As I lootatniBtern'! thought'!- saw a -streak darker than the rest of the sky. I looked again, and was convinced ; then I called for my glass — a powerful binocular, which:! bought in London — and adjusted-it on the streak that had caught my eye. '':? I uttered an exclamation of delight. that caused John to turn and ask, ? What ting, massa.makee look-see ?'? i --1 !_ 'Myraakee look- see piug-chawn' (gun-~ boat), I answered. ' He makee come.thie side fai-tee' — it is cqming.;;this ?: way John'ejaculated thei! equivalent' for ? all' light,' boldly opaned the door, and walked, out to the deck, but took the precaution to close the entrance immediately. Going leisurely forward,'he told the' cook he would come for the rice in a little while, nnd then returned with some hot water, with which he was to perform tho office of barber. This imaginary, service, occupitd nearly half an hour/arid then he went for thVrice ; when lie came back with it there ;was a commo tion on deck, as the approach of the steamer bad been discovered, and the lowdah was on the stern of the junk endeavoring tomake her out. ' » \ '- ??;? = .. - I felt sure it was all right now, or would be in a short time,- and-\t~could turn 'the tables on the pirateB. They held a hurried .conference, and it needed no words to tell us thatTtKeyhad agreed to. 'leave' us alone till the'/ steamer had passed, and then it would be all up with us.: :In order to gain time, I told John to go back with the rice and say it was not properly cooked, that the fan-kwei wanted it freshly boiled, and would not get up till a new lot had baen prepared. This gave me an excuse for keeping the door closed and for observing the approach ing steamer. When I first saw her, and re plied to my servant that it was a gunboat, I could only guess as to its character, but I felt in my bones that it was one of those craft which the Chinese Government had put in commission, under foreign officers, -with native crews, -for the-purpose of sup pressing piracyii:^8x.8hb'.ca;me' nearer I found tnatviny/guess; was 'correct,'; Snd she proved to beithe boat- whose duty;it,jwas to patrotohat'part.of the coast from Canton to Amoyiifituckily she was coming directly on our course. Our 'rascal lowdah ordered everything to be made as innocent as pos sible in appearance ; the plundered junk was considerably off the course, and there was little likelihood that she would make trouble. Tho gunboat would soon pass us, and then would come my turn to be dealt with. During the Civil War in America it was my fortune-to serve, on the staff pf'one'.of the prominent generation the; Union' side; and whilejin that service I was detailedUto signal duty. I had become expert' in the work 'of signalling, so much so that I was unwilling to admit I had any superiors in manipulating the flags. Though the system had not been adopted by the Chinese navy, there were several officers on the gunboats ?who were familiar with it ; the captain of this very boat that was approaching us had served, like myself, in the American Signal Corps (on the Confederate side), and I had recently made his acquaintance. : Just a fortnight before ;that vary 'morning I had£ Btood on the shore at Swatow and wayed' my handkerchief in a manner all' mysteri ous to the wondering natives; it said to the captain on the deck of his steamer, ? Gome and lunch with me at noon ' — an in vitation which he promptly accepted. ?When the gunboat was a mile away I stood in front of the window, and with my handkerchief (Jian-ker-choo in pidjin English) spelled out the words^-Am in feat peril; don't reply.' Iwas'fearfulttiat anything like the waving of /a signal'/on the steamer was seen by the pirates they' would suspect something, and murder me before the gunboat could reach us. Again I spelled the words, and added, ' Hoist flag at fore.' I stood well inside the window, so as not to be seen by the steersman, or any one else who might be on the platform above me, and John kept watch at the door. The whole crowd of rascals was too busy with watching the gunboat to give us any attention, and I was half , inclined ito'rush, out and shoot -down 'the head scoundrels^ before they could, 'recover from' their sur prise, u;v£ ''?,:?,? .,.. .-:'. I was beginning- to fear that' my signal had not been seen, when a ball went creep ing up the 'fbremastraud on reachirijfthe truck it spread out into a flag. I wanted to Bhout and turn a handspring or two, but prudence forbade. Then I told in a few words what had happened, and kept the handkerchief steadily in motion as long as it could be seen. On came the steamer, and ranged up within a hundred yards of the junk, and as she was fairly abreast of us she slowed, and then backed her engines ; then she forged Sne??JL and bv a few ot th0S(» movements best Known to steamship men adapted her speed to that of the unwieldly craft, from which she was not. fifty yards away. ?. The Chinese tyndal (boatswain) of the gunboat hailed the. lowdah, and ordered him to drop his sails; he did notco'mply on the instant, 'but his movements were quickened by a cocked rifle bearing upon him. Then the whole' crowd of pirates was ordered forward, a boat's crew headed by the first officer of the gunboat, came on board, and not till then did I deem it safe to come out of my cabin. There was never a more astonished Chinaman ..than that lowdah' when, before'! had spoken a word, they were told what they had been doing, how they had robbed the junk, and made preparations to kill me and my servant. Down to the moment when Uis head was removed from his shoulders at the Execu tion Ground in Canton, a week after his capture, the old rascal was puzzled to know how the captain of the gunboat' found -out the facts of the case. Whether^he has since atce ta'nel I cannot say. John has told the story many times since that eventful day, and his explanation alwaysis— -r, ..?'..'' ? .-.- \- 'Maesamokee talkeehan-Tker-chbol' , ? While the' first officer was securing the pirates and becoming autocrat of the situ ation, my friend the captain stood on the bridge of the gunboat, and with his hand kerchief spelled out, 'I shall expect you to dine with me.' ? I was too. excited to make any other reply than raise my hat and nod an accep tance of the invitation. Until I stood on his deck, -and felt tho grasp of 'his warm hand in mine, my heart was away up in mythroati and I1 couldn't say a word.:. And then — well, my heart came up ri!little far ther than before, and I fled to the cabin as fast as.my feet would carry me: I didn'c wantfHhe Chinese' bailors' to know 'what babies we foreigners are.' ' ?''??'??'''? ''?' 