TRAVEL. VAMBERY IN PERSIA. Few stories of travel are more interest ing than those which Arminius Vamb<?ry has to tell of his disguised wandering? through Central Asia. Himself a Hun garian, but possessing an exceptional know ledge of the language and customs of the people among whom he pursued his in- auiries. he so cleverly distinguished himself as for months to pass fora genuine Dervisli when detection would have been certain death. In this way he managed to penetrate regions never before visited by a European, and acquired information that has proved of the greatest value and interest. Having reached Teheran, he joined a caravan of pilgrims on their way to Isfahan, they reach a spacious caravanserai in the J village of Kenaregird. Here, he says, the rich put themselves into the hands of their servants to get their persons rubbed and ! their limbs stretched out, and hardly has ! one recovered breath from the hardships of the last station when breakfast is ready and after it, each betakes himself to rest. Me commonly travel at night and rest in the midhours of the day. About an hour be-j fore setting out supper is eaten. Dervishes liave a much easier part than ninnjj- travellers. Arrived at the station, th$ Dervish, without troubling himself about anything, gives himself up to rest; an1 when the smoke of the kettle announce supper, he takes liis kescbkul (a vesst formed of a cocoa-nut) on his arm, an with a powerful "jnhu! jahakh!" an with an assurance that is really wonderfu £ approaches each separate group. Eac i gives hiin a portion. After he has termi® nated his round he mixes all together, and he is safe to liave secured, if not a sumptuous at least a plentiful supper. 44 lie has n provision with him, cooks nothing, and ye he lias enough/ say the Orientals, " f< From Kcnaregird. our second station wi through the desert. It is a long tongue < land of Desliti Kuvir, of which the southci borders reach nearly to Rum. In tl midst of it is the station Hauz-i-Sultan (tl reservoir of the Sultan), wliicli consists a laige caravanserai, to which a subtf raneous acqueduct is conveyed. When we had quitted Kenaregird, a i had travelled about an liour in the dese the waste region was suddenly lighted i by moonshine, and grew more and mc romantic. The stillness of night, which the great desert seems redoubled, affe< the traveller inexpressibly. The anticij lion that I was yet to travel through t still greater desert of Central Asia, led t eye to delight itself all the more with t wonderful spectacle. Nowhere in t dusky horizon does the eye meet a point rest; only here and there the columns sand rise high towards heaven, tossed 8 by the wind. They dance from one spots another, like mighty ghosts; and it is cA- ceivahle enough to me that fearful soft would look upon them as phantoms la sift by furies. My fellow-traveller seemed be one of the latter class, for he wrap® himself up in his burnous, thrust hiuiaft into the innermost part of the caravan, dl did not venture even to look out on ft desert around him. jft It was towards midnight, when we heft from the distance a monotonous ring bells, and, as I soon learned, this was irdl ai large caravan which had set out an .hog before us. We redoubled our steps in otaF to overtake it ; but hardly had we advapd si hundred paces, when" an insuppoiple smell began to oppress us. The I'ensns knew at once the cause of it. We lined faster, but the stench grew strongegnd stronger, and when, influenced by curi&ry;, I inquired about it, I got for answerjat this was a caravan of the dead. A canan of the dead, I thought, that is sing&r; and I hurried to my neighbour to get an explanation. He called out to me, 44 Co on go 011," and after a powerful spurring of hi; little ass. already hard enough pressed, be came up to me as I was joining the afore said caravan, which consisted of about forty horses and mules, laden with coffin?: ' aud accompanied by three mounted Arab?.; Everybody strove hard to reach it, in order to get past it as soon as possible. 1 shall never forget the sight tlint met iny eytfj when I came up with one of the riders.; His no?c and mouth were covered, his yellow j face showed yet more ghastly by the moon light. Iu spite of the unendurable stench,; I could not help asking him some ques tions. The Arab told me that he had already conveyed these dead ten days, aud had to conduct them for twenty days more before lie could reach Kerbela, the spot where these pious persons, who had died for the love of Imam Hussein, were per mitted to be buried. This custom is general in all Persia : and whenever means permit? they order themselves to be transported from the distant Kliorassan to Kerbela to be placed in the same earth in which tbe beloved Imam Hussein rests. AVhen we had left the caravan of the dead with its choking odour far behind us, I turned to take a glance at tjiis l)r0" cession. The beasts, laden with the long coffins, buried their heads deep in then", necks ; the riders occupied themselves with urging the horses on with hollow ciy. Such a sight, in whatever neighbourhood, would be gloomy enough, but in the centre of the desert it was something indescribably mournful. The corpses often became mangled in a frightful fashion in their (supposed) spot of eternal rest; yet th/ Persians have thought fit to maintain tins- custom for six hundred years. For whoever comes to Kcrliela has tbe sweet hope of finding himself on the day of the Resurrec tion in the immediate neighbourhood of tbe holy, martyr, and from -hence, under . lus conduct, of passing to the ever-green plains Jflradise. We readied Hauz-i-Sultan just ottbc rise of the morning star, but nothing cf great importance liefel us there. Early next morning Rum appeared in the dis- .nce with its many green cupolas, the rich glided one lightened by the rays of the rising sun. It is the holy town of the tfscrsian ladies. Here rests Fatima, the sister of Innan Riza, who, out of tender feeling to her brother, at that time dwelling Mesched, undertook a journey from Bagdad. The high lady could not reach the goal of her wishes, for she fell ill in Nurn, died, and lies buried with a company of 444, all of them saints. This town, like Kerbela, is a favourite burial-place of pious Persian women, who, from all parts of the Kingdom order themselves to be carried hither. ' Jvum is very poor in 'buildings, but, in spite of this, in the olden time it wis a famous town. The neighbourhood is de scribed as clothed with luxuriant verdure, i thanks to a good aqueduct, which conveys | water hither from the adjacent hills. The (water, however, when drawn in the open air, smacks somewhat of salt, but this taste it loses entirely in the well. When I asked a Persian about this circumstance, he told mc that an Arabian, who had come hither with the holy Fatiina, gave the State in structions how to prepare a mixture of clay, with which, if all springs and basins are smeared, the salt taste will be taken away from the water little by little. When, after a tolerably long excursion in the town and neighbourhood, I came in the evening to the caravanserai, I found in a corner some poorly clad people, who, by their shy and timid look, indicated Persian origin. I went up to them, and thought I would cuter into conversation with them, Avhen one of my fellow-travellers called out x> me, 44 Effendi, what are you about ? You jave been to-day on a pilgrimage, and now you wish to pollute yourself with this unclean .Tew! " Jew, thought I, then the Persian mnv />1V nilt AC Innrv Im lll.nr The poor children of Israel noted my kind ness to them, and many of them caine out of their cells. They surrounded me in due form, and told me, all the while looking round them timorously, that they were that day (Friday) preparing their food for to-morrow, winch was Sabbath, for they were not permitted to do anything that required labour on that day. One of the elders could not forbear telling mc, with tears in his eyes, of tbe oppression the Jews suffered at the hands of the Persians, and with joyous glance he looked around as he descrilicd to me, the supposed Osmanli, the mildness of the Sultan's rule. He could not find words sufficiently expressive with which to bless the Sultan. The poor Israelite had no idea that, in that particular the moving spring of the noble action was western enlightenment alone. After two days we quitted Kum, and went a four hours' ride on a desolate route, jto the "village of Lenkuan. The caravan 1 encamped in the village itself, but I moved forwani to a garden in the vicinity to spend the day. In the midst of the garden is the little chapel of an Imamzade (descendant of an Iman). The graves of this knan are very numerous in Persia, and it is certain that hardly a tenth of them are still honoured. And no wonder, for each village, be it ever so little, must haw its saint. They improvise one, invent a legend land build a chapel on the bones of some famous hero. This is immediately decorated srifch green tiles. Gre?n is the colour with Vhe lioly posterity clotlie "tlic head curing life, Green therefore the House of thfe Graves must be. As I was resting comfortably in the shade of the trees, the pravedigger approached. Marvellous stories diff he tell of the dead saint's power. "(Hilly yesterday," eaid lie, "a Persian khan, who rested in this same place, and in a drunken condition, wished te betake himself afterwards to the interior, when lie Isunk down, suddenly struck by paralysis. "Ay, Effendi," he continued, " one must not sport with a saint." Ilis look was full of gravity as he related the tale, yet he very soon made me understand that he expected a few pence, and when I handed them to liim, lie immediately went away. Our rcsting-placc in Kuhrud, a little village of three hundred houses, was extremely delightful. The caravan was encamped opposite the Tscliaparchanc (post-olfice), which, as everywhere in Persia, consists of a one-storied building, of which tiie upper story is, nevertheless, only used as a chamber for distinguished tra- j Tellers. After I had drunk tea in the gay company of my fellow-travellers, 1 took a little stroll in the village and sought out the post-office, in the upper guest chamber of which my attention was directed to a striking number of pencilled scrawls in a European language. In a corner 1 read a French quatrain, written by a fiery son of Haul, who, after a fatiguing ride, had stopped to rest here a few minutes, lie described his home sorrow with words full of wee, and indulged bitterest wrath at disappointments arising from the poetical discriptions of Persia. Not far thence on the walls, I discovered some jiomted long shanked characters, yrhipli a brnva Teuton wished to immortalise himself ; and what do you suppose, dear reader, lie had written on the wall ? a critique on the four verses of the Frenchman — and a pretty sharp one, too. . The poor honest German ! The worn-out Persian posters had shaken his tones to pieces. He wished to Teposo, and had not rime enough to leave behind him an evi dence of the well-known solid information of bis fatherland. From Kuhrud tbe road leads up hill and then bends down in pretty abrupt slopes to the plains on the other side. The village of Sof is the nearest station. A large part of our lourney lying over tiie hilly neighbour hood, the early mom was not only cool, but cold and frosty. The travellers stopped here and there, and gathered heaps of bute, a kind of resinous shrub, wliicli burns even in green condition, but when dried turns to a erackling flame. As by chance we stood that morning before a fire of this kind, we heard behind us a loud quarrelling, and with this mingled wild shrieks. Trying to listen, reports of fire-arms, accompanied by a wild howl, alarmed the caravan. All ran to the spot whence the shots came, and we found one of our travellers lying on the earth with his arm broken. The circumstances were these : — Some horsemen, who carried the yearly tribute from Shirnz to Teheran on the part of the Governor, had remarked the Jewish mer chants, who joined us in. Kuhrud; tliey mocked them first, but afterwards followed their words with blows. A Persian, who from pity for his offended fellow-travellers wished them to receive no injury, attacked the stiiicy Shirazi with sharp remarks. A young hot-headed fellow hereupon got angry, and threatened ; and as our people had made a few steps in advance, he wished, for an innocent joke as lie'said, to perforate with a ball the fur cap of a Jew. He shot hut Allah took care of the children of Abraham, and instead of a Jew's cap the ball pierced the arm of a Persian. The sight of liim lying in his blood roused our whole party, and though the miscreant gallojied off as fast as his horse could carry him, lie was caught, and beaten, spit on and insulted, and then brought bound without any commiseration into the midst of the caravan. The Shirazi, half dead from his beating, and tbe Isfahani from his wounds, were incapable of riding or walk- i ing. They were both placed in baskets on j a mule, and after half an hour were found in familiar converse witli each other. In Oriental notions no blame is imputed to either party for such an accident. Fate lias willed it so, and each person contents himself. "< jjvJiuL vtm-ic tut; urn ciiueu Jie.-? me way to Isfahan, not yet a good road according to our notions, though far better than found elsewhere. After Sof, our last station before we reached the former capital of the Sefevi, was a village named Murtscheehar. Here the country magistrate in connection with the Governor of Shiraz, i attempted to free the culprit. The caravan, however, checked him steadily, and next morning set out on their way to deliver the delinquent into the hands of justice in Isfahan. When, on the morning of the 31st of September, I found myself on tbe road which was to bring me direct into the former splendid capital of Abbas the Great, in spite of all early reading on tbe decline, the poverty, and the ruined masses of Isfahan, 1 could not suppress my increasing curiosity. Almost three hours before you approach Isfahan you can discover traces of its ancient greatness, among which the Caravanserai Madcri Shah (the Caravanserai of the Mother of the Shah) is the most remarkable. It was incontcstably in its day the most splendid building of its kind. As the town in the early autumn marning was covered with a kind of mist, I coulcl only see a few ruinous minarets right and left, and high round towers, which served for a sojourn for doves. It is remarkbale that these same birds are found in tbe neighbourhood of Herat, Niscbabur, and other towns, proving that it /was a custom in Central Asia to build such splendid dovecotes out of town for these favourite binls. At last the mist cleared awny, end I at once got sight of the city of Isfahan in its gigantic circuit. The Persian, but especially the Isfahani, when he speaks of the greatness of his native town, always cries out, ' If Lahore liad not liad birth, I sf aba u were half the earth." Isfahan is half the world were it not for Lahore, which means Isfahan is the largest <<OUT WID Ur/jSEZ I, 44 OB I'LL LAVE NO BONE AY TOO UNBREAKABLE.'1 town in the world after Lahore. To indi cate the circumference of the town, the Persians state that a good rider could not ride round it in two days. This is probably sixteen to twenty fassargs; yet the city wall itself, in its blooming period when the French traveller Chardiu saw it, was only six German miles in circumference, and when we take in the detached houses with spacious gardens which stretch beyond the town, the statement of the Persian is but. Oriental, or what; we call exaggerated. Still, Isfahan as it presents itself first to the eyes of travellers, is really imposing. From the east to the west there is an end less chain of buildings and gardens, among which cupolas, towers, and other high buildings are visible. The view seems illimitable. " Nothing,' says Malcolm, " can exceed the fertility and beauty of the country in the vicinity of Isfahan, and the first view of the city is surpassingly striking. All the eye sees enraptures one's sense. Groves, avenues, luxuriant gardens, — of these there is sucli an absolute over- j flow as hides t-lic ruins of this once famous city. The nearer view weakens thi? iuu pression, but enough remains of fanner grandeur to excite great admiration." In the East all is beautiful, but only externally, and in the distance. So I was not in the least surprised when on entering the town I found the same crooked streets, the same poor houses, the same dirt and filth and unmended streets as in Teheran and all Persia states. To one man marriage is simply a fact of liis life looked hack upon with satisfaction or regret, according to the pleasure or dis- comfit he has experienced in it; to another it has opened up a new world of responsi bility and duty, as well as happiness; it has invested life with a sacred trust and a priceless value, and has given a higher and nobler aim for all endeavour than cpnld have been gained without itt 