OVERLAND .CYCLING. ADELAIDE TO! SYDNEY. Through Three Colonies. Over 1200 Miles ort Bikes — All Records Eclipsed! — Messrs. Cutbush and Wh.atmore's Great Hid e. By Cycle. When Messrs. Cutbush and Whatmore, the two representatives t)f the Speed well Bicycle Club, star ted 'out with the intention of breaking the record and returning covered wjilh glory from Adslaido to Sydnoy by hike a good many even of their most constant friends considered it far more liked, y they would only succeed in breaking the instruments, and would return with sand in their hair and freckles on their classic features, wheeling Messrs. Beunett and Woods' favorite make home in a couple of ordinary barrows. Not that there was any doubt as to the ability of tlie wheelmen. Both are experts, and each ban a record as long as the maiden speech of aiiewly-electcd Free-trade M.L. A. But it was generally considered that the wrong t ime of ' year had been chosen for tho trip; that the weather would be againstf- them ; that tho wind, which bloweth where it listeth, would blow/' mostly in tiheir faces ; and, lastly, and on this was housed the most serious doubt that the wrong machines had been chosen for such a long and. rough road. Indeed, we inclined to this opinion, and suggested that a dray would /be more re liable, and likewise more convenient, as the tourists conld sleep on or under it when not en route, and could mako themselves more generally comfortable while travelling. It was pointed out to us by Mr. Cutbush, however,- that such a journey would not he acoounted strictly a proceeding by cycle, and What more could be said. According to their plan of campaign tlie travellers made Adelaide by train, and after an uneventful passage reached the city of churches, them- selves aud bikes in good order and condition, and after a day or so spent in rest, " recrea tion, &c.;,» as Cutty puts it, they saddled tip on Easter Sunday and started on tl teir long and somewhat lonely ride. Those 1 who in the earlier days, ere the iron horse made the journey easier, travelled across the same country will remember thu weary sketolies of dull, uninteresting road, the long night ride by tho Coorang, the dreary, gii03tiiiAunt6Q locality oi m uratiira xiiaty the 30 miles of alkali desert, crosiied the other side of Salt Creek, and the trip) across the lake .to Menindie. The heavy, ru mbling coaches, tho bucking, bounding, awkward five- horse teams, the heavy, uncommunica tive, but none the less skilful whips, and the passengers, liappy in spite of the surround ings, dismal enough at times to suggest an utter abandonment to misery, are all gone for ever. The crack of the whip hris given place to ' the whistle of the engine, the palace car has taken the place of plio old time Royal Mail, and the drivers have either died of grief at the innovation, or are piloting horse trains in tlie metropolis. At the best of times a dreary streak of road to travel the overland route between Adelaide and Hamilton, is now particularly so, for with tho taking off of the coaches there has developed a solitude, in places as complete as the primeval, and a sense of desolation utter aud overpowering through miles and miles of dreary desert and dry dead forests of ring-barked trees, which lift their gaunt limbB iu gestures of silent protest against their needless murder. For miles the solemn silence is undisturbed by the sound «f hoof of beast, a cry of bird ; for miles the country is apparently abandoned, aud desert patches alternate with swamps, on whose margins ripens the rank and useless vegetation peculiar to such country. In places on the other hand, the road, witads through some of the finest country in the world,' and the views afforded from the h ills in the vicinity of Adelaide aro unsurpassed in the colonies. But taking it alj through, tho journey is not a pleasant one, even behind teams of fast horses, and. it speaks volumes for the pluck and stamina of the Speedwell boys that they faced the hardships of the journey without flinchitng, and only took tlie train between Kingutou and Narracootc, where tlie road was in such a primitive state as to prevent its being used witli anything approaching safety. The start from the South Australian cap;itul was made 011 Easter Sunday, our boys being entertained previously by the Mayor of Adelaide, who complimented them and wished them success in thoir venture, a wish which was echoed by tho Melbourne team of basoballers then in the sister ci ty, and at the same time the guests of .his Worship. They were accompanied from Adelaide to Aldgato by Harry Black, one of tlie most popular wheelmen of the colony and made the run from the city to the Eagle on the Hill, nine miles, in 40 minutes, riding all the way up one of the steepest road grades in Australia. Stvatli- albyn, 35 miles distant, was reached at 1.3() p.m., and Wellington, another 35 miles, wan made by half-past 0. Between theNe towns they were met by a detachment of the local brigades, and a good patoli of road being met with tlie boys sat down and rode the eight miles in 27 minutes, a performance which, speaking from memory, is a road record, and it was fairly ridden on the l-oad. So far the journey had been pleasant enough, but soon afterwards trouble came upon the riders thick and fast. On reaching the rivor at Monindie they were ferried across by the puutnian, and, on reaching the other side, Cutty decided on having a bath iii the clear pellucid waters of the lake. He accordingly peoled off his outer garments and waded in, tho cool, clear fluid laving his tired limbs. A couple of steps more and the cool, black mud was round his Grecian neck, and his partner hauled him forth a few seconds later with a piece of rope "just as ho was going down for tho last timo." When ho landed he wished Whatmore also to buthc, but that young gentleman decided that he would not at present wash himself in wator which had afterwards to be scraped off with a lioo. The road from here onvVard to M'Grath's Elat was chiefly through heavy sand, and on reaching the settlement , they applied at the old hostelry for u drink, but the liouso had changed its style, and the swinging signboard floated over a tenement as Innocent of strong liquors as a Free trader is of guile, aud the only liquid re freshment obtainable was fluid similar to the overproof article with which Adum and Eve were wont to slake their thirst. Of this they had ample, so the boys pqslted on past M'Grath's Flat, a spot- rendered historic years ago by a series of murders and mysterious disappearances which puzzled tho police as entirely as the- eccentric performances of " Jack the Ripper" have since lnyBtifled the experi enced force of London. It is not unlikely that if Cutty aud Whatmoro had known that at least 13 murdered men are buried in the vicinity of tho tumble down hut on the flat they would have found timo — it being daylight— to hunt round for relics. At night M'Grath's Flat is shunned by tho majority of travellers. It used to be a favorite story of ovorland riders that the coachliorses never passed there without ally ing, and that often in tho night or early morning strange lights were seen and strange noiseB hoard as the coach dasjhed round the bent) into the. bed of the cqeek and up the saddle oh the other side. As it was abont this hour that- pocket- flasks wcro becoming empty and passengers growing sleepy and easily-startled sceptical persons may account for tho lights aud sounds in sonio other way. Be that as it may the Fiat has tho reputation of being tho play ground of various ghosts, and it certainly is not a favorite camping-grhtuid of travellers. After passing through a long stretch of sandy country, in which thoy had to carry thoir jiggers for miles, they made Salt Creek, and started at 6 p.m. for Gantara Station, travelling through more sand, and revelling in tho miseries of tho pleasure trip. In the dark thoy separated, and Cutty finding himself alone backed his bike to a stump and coiled up under a tree. About 4 a.m. tho rain, which falls alike on tho just and the unjust, roused him from a dream, in ..which lie und Whatmore were flying 011 large bicycles, through tho tangled undergrowth, clearing trees, ravines, nnd running water as they travelled, while Old Father Timo monntod on a patent fly- hack double action safety was chusing thorn at top speed, yholding his steering gear with one hand and trying to keep iiis hour glass steady with tho other, checking tlietn off as they threw the miles behind them and broke every record from Dan to Beorslteba. As it was then as dark as the in- shlo of a blackfellow's pocket, Cutty did not deem it advisable to rido and set out on foot leading his iron RoBinante for some miles, and at length was rewarded by a view of the station and buildings. Tethering' his bike in tlie cow shed, he marched boldly up to tho door and knocked until Mr. Gait, dressed in a short Bhirt and doublo:barrplled shot, gun made hiB appearance, and gavo him two seconds in which to place a long section of the road to Kingston between himself and Cantaria homestead. A little explanation, however, led to a hotter ' ! understanding, and a bed and dry clothes wcro soon forthcoming. And Whatmore '! Wall, when he arose at daylight from his slumber in' the Cantara cowshed he was probably tho most disgusted man on that side of the border to fiud tho machine of his comrado close by him, and to learn that Cutty had been between the blankets while lie slept under a cover so far above him that it scarcely kept the rain off' I11 the morning a start was made over a bad road in heavy weather 37 imiles to ' Kingston. The only man they met was an almond- eyed Chinaman, whose acquaintance with the vulgar tongue was particularly limited. " How far to Kingston ?" they asked him. " How fa )" ho answered. "How far is it?" they enquired. "How fa !" I10 retorted, emphatically. It was no UOC GUUCUt Vl.111 tu UUtlJt Ull U WUTUlBUMUlt under tho circumstances, so the hoys whipped up and travelled, reaching King ston at 8 o'clock at night. On applying at tlie hotel for accommoda tion, they were taken for runaway sailors (Kingston is a port) ; and it was not until Cutty had taken the landlord' down at cut-throat euchre, and got away with several hot gins, that the bona fides of the tourists was established beyond cavil. In the morning they left by train for Narra- cooto (53 miles), and started as soon after wards as possible for l'enola, which was reached by good road, and at 2.30 they mounted for Castcrton, making Lake Munday at half-past 3 p.m. At 4 o'clock the following morning tlicy started across tho intervening 25 miles of sand to Casterton, which was reached at 10.30 n.m., the hospitality of the- navvies working on the road being partaken of, and the boys leaving amid the hearty cheers of tho leather-lunged mud-shovellers. At 12 noon they again took the saddle, this time with tho intention of trying to break the 24 hours' record ( Bioadbent's 203 miles). A good run was made to Hamilton, though they travelled some distance on tho wrong road, and at 5 o'clock they started for Carumut, via l'enshurst, accompanied for some distance by local cyclists. Nearing Caramut tho tyre came off' the wheel of Cutbush's ' machine, and tho attempt at record-breaking was, perforce, abandoned, and Cutty retired to re-tyre his wheel. This was effected by tho primitive process of stitching the rubber on to the wheel with coppur wire, tho wire being heated in tho flame of a match, and worked through the composition, after whicli it was fastened to tlie wheel. At 4 o'clock iu tho morning, a favorite hour, by tho way, for departure, they turned their backs on Caramut, making tho 34 miles to Toning in timo for break fast. Passing through Camperdown and Coluc they reached Geelong at G, and Melbourne at 11.45 p.m., covering tho 145 miles in 18 hour's riding, and establishing a record for the journey. After a short time in Melbourne tlie boys took tho saddle on Sunday at noon, and by way of Cumxibullficld reached Seymour (G7 miles) at G p. in. In tlie morning thoy proceeded, but salting tho wrong road, lost 11 miles, over which they had to return. Passing through Avenel, Longwood, and Euros, thoy made Gicnrowan, and lodged for the night in the vicinity of the spot more iutimately associated with the last phase of busliranging than it is with unything else. Here it was that the infamous Kelly gang was exterminated, and the death blow dealt to the business of tho highwayman. Wangaratta was reached iu timo for Drcakfast ' 011 the following morn ing, and tlicy dismounted in Albury at noon, covering 209 miles in tho two days. Camping at Germanton that night they made Upper Tarcutta by noon of tho following day, and halted at Gundagai, 9G miles from Germanton. After a little diffi- culty on tlie yuoaiibeyan-roau lass was reached, and a long stretch of 24 miles of bad road, which it took five hours to nego tiate, brought them to Gunning, and Goul- burn was reached at 5 p.m., a number of cyclists meeting tho travellers and entertaining them. They left at midnight to put up a record for the 137 miles but misfortune attended them again, and when about three miles out a heavy fog sottled down which prevented them attempt ing to proceed, und for that night they camped under a bridge, employing tho lioura of night in prayer and praise — or it may have been. otherwise. Leaving for Berrima at G a.m. thoy reached there at 11 o'clock, aud started at 12 for Liverpool, walking, as is customary, over tlie Razorback, in com pany with Edgar, who metthem, aud were not by any means sorry to sight the lights of Liverpool between Saturday night and the morning of tho peaceful Sabbath. After prowling round the ancient village in soarch of creature comforts for a time thoy were pleasantly surprised to meet, or, more properly speaking, to discover Messrs. Ben nett, Bioxham, Bettendge, and others who had ridden out in a 'cart to meet thorn. Leaving at half past 6 they breakfasted at Banketown, and pushing on pulled up at the Town Hall, Sydney, at II a.m., six days 23 hours from Melbourne, or nine hours under the record time (Allen's), and beating Messrs, Gait and' Co.'s record from Adelaide to Melbourne by two days. The performance also enables the Speedwell (Club to claim all records of journeys between Brisbane and Adelaide.; Both gentlemen are native Aus tralians, about the same age, between 24 and 25, and botli rode Rapid muchiues, Mr. Cutbush a light safety 381b. weight, and Mr. Whatmore a Rapid ordinary 3Ulb. The machines, which aro on view in town, are little, if 'any, the worso for wear, and tlie riders appear all tho bettor for the trip. Both speak in tlie highest terms of the hospitality everywhere extendod them, and Mr.' Cutbush is loud in praise of a genial Irish lady who apostrophised him as tlie " dear little man on tho little bicycle," and chased him some distanco along the road with a can of milk and a hugo slico of bread and butter. Tlie roads are spoken of as only fair to middling throughout -tlie journey, and judging by their expressions it is unlikely either of the travellers will ride again against tho record tlicy have put up. The first wheelman to attempt the journey to Melbourne was Mr. Copland, who rode a tricycle. Mr. Alf. Edwards being the first bicyclist to mako the trip, covering the distanco in about nine days. Mr. A. Allen rode last year from Sydney to Melbourne against tlie record, accomplishing the journey in 7 days G hours 40 minutes. The following is tho detail of Messrs. CUTBUSH AND WIIAT.MORE'S BIDING 1 — Sunday, 70 miloo, to Wellington Monday, 82 miles, to Cantata Station Tuesday, 87 miles, to Kingston Wednesday, 62 miles— 105 (riddon 83 in train to Laics Mundv) Thursday, 109 miles, to Caramut Friday, 148 tulles, to Melbourne Saturday in Melbourne Sunday (left 12 p.m.), 07 miles, to Seymour Monday, 1)8 miles, to Gicnrowan (including 22 miles lost road) Tuesday. 04 miles, to Germanton Wednesday, 00 miles, to Gundagai Thursday, 04 miles, to Yass Friday, Ot miles, to Goulburn Saturday, 117 miles, to Liverpool Sunday, 22 miles, to Sydney. George W. Whatmoro was born at Lane Cove River on February 7, 1868, and during his early life had to row threo miles and a half each way to school, and afterwards for seven years walked five miles. Mr. What more commenced cycling in 1884 with the Sydney Bicycle Club, and after being in that club for 12 months he joined the St. Leonards Club, and was captain several years. He has now joined the ranks of the Speedwell Bieyclo Club, and is on their committee, and also oue of their delegates to tho Now South Walos Cyclists' Union. His racing career was commenced in 1887, and Mr. Whatmore has been very successful, securing over 70 prizes, being second in champion races for one, five, and 10 miles for last two years, and also being tho winner of the Millbrook Cup last year, beating Tom Buist and H. Jenkins. Mr. Whatthore has also competed in several road races, and in the Suburban Bicycle Road Race to Parra- matta last year he rodo the second fastest time, doing 13 miles in 52min. In 1SS8 an International Race was held in Adelaide, and George represented this colony and ob tained second place, being beaten by Davis, tho South Australian champion. Besides cycling, Whatmore has also shown out con spicuously in rowing, having secured second place in the Amateur Championship of Aus tralia (Laidley sculls) from;, G. Eastes, the other competitors" being G. Ruwald, J. Connelly, J. M'Crao "A. Thomson, C. Chandler, and W. Lambert, and lias also been in the winning boat of three eight-oar races. Mr. Whatmore is champion- of the North Shore Rowing Club. Mr. Cutbush was born at Petersham on January 2, 1865, and started cycling in 1884\. He first joined the Redfern B. C., aud afterwards tlie Suburban. Mr. Cutbush with others then formed the Summer Hill B. C., which has since merged into tho Speedwell B. C., of which he holds the posi tion of sub-captain, and he also holds the high position of lion, treasurer to the N. S. IV. Cyclist Union. The 35 miles road record from Ponrith to Sydney — time, 2hr. 15inin — also stands to his credit. " Kuttio," as Mr. Cutbush is generally callod, has not done much track racing, not having the time at his disposal to train, but lias won in all about 25 prizes during his racing career, including several obstacle races, in which he is an expert. The overlaiulers desire to thank Mr. C. W. Bennett (Bennet and Wood) for tlio in formation he gave thorn, and to congratu late hiin on having such splendid machines as the "Rapids." They ulso tender their thanks to Mr. Copland for information ru trip from Melbourne to Sydney. 