Secret Poisoners. Ancient history is full of appalling stories of secret poisoning. ~W]a.o has not read of Phrasyas of Mantinea, who invented a poison -which could be moderated in such a manner as to have effect in two or three months, or at the end of a year or two : years, and the more lingering the. deaths the more miserable it was ? This poison was prepared from aconite, a plant which on that account people were forbidden to have in their possession under pain of capital punishment. Yet, notwithstanding this prohibition, the deadly potion was ex tensively used in Rome about two centuries before the Christian era. As several per- . sons of distinction died within the same year and of the like distemper, an inquiry was made into the cause. A maid-servant gave evidence against some ladies of the first families, who, she said, prepared and distributed poison ; and about 150 of them were convicted and punished. One would think that such horrible criminality as the wholesale poisoning of innocent people j belonged wholly to Pagan times, but,uh-; fortunately, the annals of toxicology, down to our own days, are replete with histories of indiscriminate poisoning. The latest of these tragedies is reported to .have occurred in Hungary, where the Assize Court of Grossbecskerek is about to try a hideous but, unfortunatety, by no means unprecedented case of poisoning en masse. ' The infamous Tophana or Toffania, was a woman who, in the early years of the last century, resided first at Palermo, and then at Naples, where she combined the busi ness of telling fortunes with that of selling poisonous drops, six of which were suffi cient to kill a strong man. She distributed her murderous nostrums in small glass phials labelled ' Manna of St. Nicholas of Bari,' and the reputed sacredness of her ?wares enabled them to pass unquestioned through the Italian Custom Houses. Her wickedness was at last made known, and Tophana, after flying from one, convent to another, was at length arrested, and thrown into prison. The clergy raised a loud out cry against this violation of sanctity, but a report having spread that; the iniquitous fortune-teller had poisoned all the springs in the city,publicopinion be came too strong for the clerical protectors of the horrible woman. It is said that she ?was strangled, but the Viceroy of Naples, ?with a polite desire to conciliate the eccle siastical authorities, caused the corpse of the sorceress to be thrown into the cloister of the convent which had been the last to give her refuge. She was not the first, even as she was not the last, of the sys tematic Italian poisoners. Hieronyma Spara was executed in Rome in 1659. In the Pontificate of Alexander VII. it was observed in the Eternal City that large numbers of young married -women were left widows, and that many husbands died -who had become notoriously disagreeable to their wives. Priests also , declared,, without naming names, that several of their penitents had acknowledged, under the seal at confession, that they had been guilty of poisoning. The Government used its utmost vigilance to trace these disquieting events to their source, and at length suspicion fell upon a society of young married ladies of dis tinction, whose president was an old woman pretending to tell fortunes. To ascertain the truth a crafty female spy ?was sent to sound the old fortune-teller, Spara, whoin she succeeded in deluding to sell her some drops by means of which she was to rid herself from a cruel and tyran nical husband. Spara was racked, and. with three of her female accomplices; -was afterwards hanged, vainly crying on the Roman princes and barons and the noble ladies who ha,d been her customers to help her in her extremity. Some months after wards several more women were executed for the like offence, some were whipped, and others banished the Papal dominions ; but, notwithstanding the severity of these punishments, the practice of secret poisoning was not by any means stamped out. The case of the Marchioness de Brinvilliers and her male confederates, which occurred about ten years after the execution of La Spara, is too well known to need recapitulation. The Brinvilliers seems to have -worked principally oh her own account, or at least for the benefit of two or three dissolute adventurers with whom she -was connected. There is little reason to doubt, moreover, that Marie Marguerite d'Aubray, Marchioness of Brinvilliers, was wholly or partially insane In the confession found among her effects she acknowledged that she had begun her career of guilt at 7 years of age ; that she had set fire to many houses ; and that she had caused the death of several persons before she learnt the art of poisoning from an Italian charlatan. The execution of the French Medea was ineffectual to -'suppress the practice of secret jpoisoning. Numbers of people continued to die' from time to time under most suspicious circum stances, and the Archbishop of Paris learnt from the cures of different parishes that poisoning confessions were still made, and the crime was still prevalent alike in rich and poor families. For watching, for searching after, and punishing secret poisoners, a special tribunal, known as' the Chambre Ardente, was established in 1679. This formidable court detected, among other female criminals, two terrible women, La Vigcrieux and La Voisine, who had long carried on an extensive „. traffic, .in ?deadly drugs. Both of them pretended ibo foretell future .events j to call up ghosts, and to teach the art of finding hidden treasures and recovering lost or stolen goods. They sold love philtres and poisonous drops to ?women who wished either to get rid of bad husbands or to recover faithless sweet hearts. - Female curiosity induced several ladies of high rank, and even some belong ing to -the Court, to visit these hags with out any positively criminal .intent, but only foolishly' desirous to knb W how soon a husband, a lover, . 6r even the King -or Me favorite, was likely 'to -die*- ^te* *wp. fortune-tellers were denounced by a maid servant On ? ihe miserable .?'jna^ter; :hf. . ja* month's disputed wages ;*and iii7 tiifs pc^i-1 session o££-& VoMine ^sras ioi»^)«iUrtoi Qa&gratides; dames who had had dealings with them, ia Voisine and La Vigorieux, after being subjected to :'' fearful- tortures, were burnt alive in February, ,1680, their hands ; having, been previously bored through with a red-hot iron and then cut off- . The. proceedings of the Chambre Ardente seem really to have eradicated the crime of secret poisoning in France ; at. least after the execution of the two last named criminals, nothing, -was heard of the once famous' poudre de succession,'? or heir-at-law's powder, used to accelerate the demise of -wealthy persons, and which was believed to consist of diamond dust powdered exceedingly fine. The Brinvil liers seems to have used corrosive sublim- I ate, regulus of antimony, and vitriol. La I Voisine Worked principally with antimony j and sugar of lead, -while the ' Aqua Tophana'. is said to have been a mixture of opium, canHiarides, and arsenic. These matters of detail are, however, of less ! moment than the curious and somewhat j alarming fact that in all ages there appears j to have been leagues of women established ! for the.purpose of husband-poisoning ; that j the active agents in these murderous sister- j hoods have . almost invariably been prs- j tended fortune-tellers j and that almost | as invariably they have been betrayed hy \ a female accomplice.' j 