HANLAN lias taken to the stage. We'd liko to see bun handling Yoiick's scull. DE. VIIIII. eat on four hundred and fifty inquests lastyear. He has eat upon a good many witnesses, too. rTinsIatest freak nf idol-worsbip in Sydney takes the f^tti of subscribing to a fund to erect a statue to Daniel O'Connor, P.M.G. THBKK is a councillor in Goburg named Voice. Ho iflriglit for Mayor. The councillors of Goburg cani^ trusted to elevate the Voice. COTTON is the name of a South Australian member of Parliament. He never misses the thread of his discourse, but is soon wound up. MB. M'AULAY announced the Eulerian Equations of -By^ironamm as his subject for an address to thec/Science Association. The members went armed. Tine Emperor of China employs ten men to carry his umbrella. That particular gingham enjoys the uuiijuc distinction of never being borrowed or lost. .DBi.Ci.vime, of Coogee Bay, has presented the residents of that watering-place with a stretcher. When the weather cools, some one is sure to grind a joke out of this. DR. KATZ denies the Assertion of the other scientists that there are typhoid germs in Van Yean water ; anyhow, he has been unable to fiud them. When the Katznvi&y; the microbes play. EIGHT clover leaves made of diamonds surround the crown of Emperor William of Germany. The Emjieror has uo great good feeling for England ; perhaps those clovcr-leaf-shapcd diamonds are shamrocks. &EV.; C. J. RYNO, one of the promoters of the Searle monument, says that the virtues possessed bySraie dead oarsman would have adorned a bishop. Aoyjray, no dead bishop has been so grieved over in Australia. 3SUE first wife of the Emperor of China receives theionourablc title of " She." She is the first to go through his pockets in the morninp,we suppose, and tlie Chinese acknowledge that fact in giviug lier the title. A wise race. MB. VANDXRMI.T has purchased Turner's "Grand Canal at Venice " for £20,000. What a deluded millionaire ! Some of our local rich men could have shown him how to invest the money to much better advantage in horseflesh. HAHUV BOYLE must be amused at the immense amount of advice he is recciviog about the makeup of the next Australian Eleven. AB the whole matter will largely depend upon the playing shown in^the next Intercolonial Match we think the advisers and newsmongers are just a little "too previous." MB. A. W. HOWITT has discovered that the Australian aboriginal often trusts more to signs thanlanguage in communicating with his fellows, TfcisFjpractice is by no means confined to the aborigines. Ninety men out of every hundred in Melbourne might be invited in to take a drink without a word being said. MB. HODGES has accepted the vacated judgeship, but states his opinion that the screw is not nearly long enough :— rrjffr. Justice Hodges, you • M ust rest contented with that screw— To give yuu more the State will grudge, ;l&,f?or on that point you're not a judge. 1'lIK departure of Lord Carrington leaves Sir AUrad Stephen once more acting- Governor of New Soiith Wales. During his last acting-Governorship Sir'Alfred performed the duty of presiding at an Executive Council meeting at which the fate of a Condemned person was decided. As Carrington j^llpic absent for a month tbero is a likelihood of theiaine duty being called for, as the Assizes begin bruary ; but if the Governor stays away six s it is almost certain that Sir Alfred will sign ter death-warrant. SJSB: ,|MU. JOSEPH COX, another IriRh delegate, has jLntied in Australia to assist Mr. Deasy in taking MWd the plate, and raking Australia fore and aft ftirlfchc glorious cause of liberty. Mr. Cox is an M.P. and a Home Ruler, of course, but he has oMy been imprisoned six times for his opinions, WRfwe don't think he'll be a succeBs here. The people are apt to think a man with a ttifling record ffegjthat lacks energy and enthusiasmfor the good cause i in fact, there is something of an impression jlbfoj&d; that the Home lluler who is firm and consistent won't be out of prison at all unless he 9rs»ks gaol. We wish Mr. Cox well, but we i |Jge he'll throw a little more soul into his work. i«SpT a hundred miles from the Spencer-street ^tt^ay station an infuriated piBscnger a few days jgp - rushed into the manager's room, brandishing yBSijan'H deadly weapon of warfar-, shrieking— iSjffikere's Speight? where's Speight? In eonseof 0110 " f y° ur infernal trainB I've missed my biggest of life's opportuuities, I'll sue ^Department for damages, so I will, and send fl(|jjiphole bloomin' concern through the insolvency ^ffl^t-'' Terror stricken at the threat the pale- W|d officer ejaculated, " Calm yourself, my dear wis accidenta, you know, will happen and trains ijjjfJJ be late sometimes." " Trains late, be !" ypljed the other ; " the train came up to time and, of&urse;, I missed it." Medical men, restoratives, i? be i "K , ca " ei | in t h e irate holder of the IJmmy Mirams" regained consoiousntss, and is Tout of danger. M K. D. S. ICIRKWOOP, C. E., of Sydney, has invented an apparatus for adding to the Bafety of winding gear in connection with mining operations. By the use of this apparatus miners will be brought to the surface at any time without danger. Incited by an examination of this invention a still bolder genius proposes to patent an apparatus which will bring to the surface without fail the cash investors sink in any given mine. POOR Edison ! He is not an "expert," according to a local nonentity. He is "merely ail inventor." In order to be an expert 1 , one must be "a professor in a University." We hope when Edison hears this he will hasten to go to school and prepare himself, under the guidance of some true professorial experts, to get up the rudiments of the knowledge of electricity. With a dozen or so letters after hie name perhaps he might even yet acquire fame and fortune, Mn. HAYTETI, our Government Statist, said, in his address del iveredbefore^the Australasian Science Association last week, that in some of the colonies, unlike Victoriain this respect, no returns of the number of lunatics and idiots were given. The Government Statists of the colonies in question are evidently not so proud of the number of their lunatics and idiots as Mr. Hayter is of the quantity of his. He seems to have a positive pride in the knowledge that Victoria heads them all, even in this lugubrious department of statistics. There certainly is no accounting for tastes. MR. Dow ought to be able to round up a'table-full of admirers upon the occasion of his banquet, in view of the great inducements offered, especially that of " free railway pass to and from auy station in Victoria." l$y-the-way, what is the oflicial excuse for making the people of the colony pay for carrying a lot of free-lunchers over the rails as an inducement to get the latter to dine with J. L. Dow ? THE Australasian Science Association should be asked to give some of their lectures in St. George's Hall or the Alexandra Theatre—if as, with his unvarying courtesy we have no doubt he would, Mr. Dam pier would lease them the latter place of amusement for a short season. In our opinion they would make a bigger hit than any show, minstrel or otherwise, which has appeared in this country for many a day. The subjects they deal of appeal at once to the feelings of the masses and strike a respnlsive chord in every heart. Here are three taken at random from the proceedings on one day :—" The Development of ChUobranchun Itnfui, by Professor W. J). Basnell ; Note on Euleriau Equations of Hydronamics, by Mr. A. M'Aulay; On the Colour.ng Matter of Orosera Whittakeri, by Professor Rencic, M. A., D.Se." Now, if the foregoing would not afford a sufficient programme of amusement for any average audience, then has the sense of humour died out of the world—this end of the world at any rate. ENTERPRISING The Way JOURNALISM. We Report a Flro Nowadays. (WITH APOLOUIES TO THE MKLP.OURNH DAILY PATERS IK WE AliE INFRINGING THEIR <VPY- RIGHT.) SELDOM have we been called upon to report a more disastrous conflagration, for its size, than that which startled tie inhabitants of Colliogwood Flat and the adjoining locality at a late hour las^ night, when the dog-kennel of Mr. John Smith, And a large packing-case belonging to the same gentleman, were totally consumed by the devouring element. From the particulars which a reporter of MKLIIOURNE PUNCH was enabled to gather, it would appear that Mr. John Smith, the adlicted gentleman, is engineer and part proprietor of a locomotive emporium for the sale of torrid 'taturs and smoking saveloys. He had not been feeling very well last evening, having taken a little drqp of something short for spasms, a complaint to which Mr Smith is very subject when business is brisk and the receipts will "run it." He therefore came home early, and retired to rest about ten o'clock. At that time there was no light in the dog- kennel, and the packing-case betrayed no sign of the terrible calamity that was impending over it. Mr. Smith went to bed, and Nature's sweet restorer, baliny sleep," that rains down upon the just and unjust, saveloy and 'tatur man alike, sealed up his eyelids and sent forth melodious music from his nose, for, to use the graphic description of Mrs. Smith, "he were asnoring fit to blow the roof of his head orf." During this combination of Smithian oblivion and nasal harmony a wi J sound smote the air, and THE FIREBELL CLANGED THE LOUD ALARM, and the dread news flew from mouth to mouth that Smith's canine villa was on fire. White lips and trembling tongues took up the tale, and the bad tidings flew upon the wings of the wind till a surging crowd of pallid women and unnerved men, attracted like moths to the glare, stood round the burning pile. It was a sight to fright the stoutest heart. The greedy flames leaped up and licked with hungry fangs of fire the frail wooden walls of faithful Fido's house. The fire brigades were speedily in attendance, under the guidance of Superintendent Stein, When that gentleman beheld the alarming extent of the conflagration he exclaimed— "All is lost save honour. The dog-kennel is doomed, but if the wind does not change, and the water supply docs not fail, aud the hose does not buret, and the crowd does not impede us, and the firemen do not get excited, "WE MAY VET SAVE THE PACKING CASE." The surging crowd, which must now have numbered something like twenty-five ('25) persons, gave a loud cheer, and animated by this sound, and by the report that the packing-case might contain whiskey, the gallant brigades set to work with a will, aud commence') to play the hose upon the dreadfully devastating and dircly devouring clement. As the firemen were straining every nerve to battle with the destroyer, there came a shrill cry of agonised entreaty "through tho chill night that froze the firemen's blood with horror and amaze. " SAVE THE HLOOMING PURP." It was Mr. Si.iith who spoke. He had been awakened by the clamour, and after several unsuccessful efforts to put his pantaloons on over his head, he wrapped himself in a summer overcoat which he had purchased last year for the sum of £1 from tho well-known emporium of Snip and Goose, and came forth to gaze upon the scene of devastation that awaited him. When the whole ghastly reality flashed upon him he made the exclamation which we have quoted above—" Save the blooming puvp." The firemen's blood having thawed into fluidity again, they redoubled their efforts, and the fire was completely conquered as soon as it had burnt itself out. The dog was saved by the gallant action of a thoughtful civilian, who cut the string with which the dog was tethered. Too much praise can in t be given to the noble firemen who worked with a will and tore down all the fences in the neighbourhood. Where all the brigades did such yeoman service it would be invidious to particularise, but special mention should te made of the Sudden Death V.F.T5, the Tear-EverythiDgup-by-the-Roots F. II., the Helmetted Smashers and others. The dog-kennel was valued at fifteen shillings and the packing case at seven shillings and sixpence. Neither of them were insured. SUPERINTENDENT STEIN INTERVIEWED. Our reporter waited upon Superintendent Stein and in the course of an interview that gentleman gave our representative the following interesting particulars:— " I am very well satisfied with the way that all the men worked. When I saw that the dog-kennel and the packing- case were burned to the ground 1 knew that nothing could save them and you see I was right. I think it was a pity that we had not a Hayes' ladder. I do not say that the Hayes' ladder would have enabled us to save the kennel or the case, but it would have been very handy to keep the crowd back. Our brigades arc very imperfectly equipped to deal with such a devouring element as fire. What is wanted is more water and less fire, more axes and more accommodation at the hospital for wounded firemen. I should like to add, not for publication, but not necessarily as a guarantee of good faith; that all the firemen worked well and that Supt. Mauger and his men deserve the highest praise." SUPERINTENDENT MAUGEK'S STATEMENT. As soon as Superintendent Stein arrived upon the scene, I resigned the charge cf the men, who were directing their efforts to the destruction of the dog-kennel, and led the contingent that was attempting to save the packing-casc. All the men worked nobly. They saved nothing and were drenched to the skin. I must say that Superintendent Stein and his men accomplished wonaers, and ably assisted our men in the task of saving the houses in the next street but one from perishing ignobly in the flames. STATEMENTS OF THE SUFFERERS. Our reporter waited upon Mr. Smith, the owner of the late kennel and packing-case. He found him at the hotel at the corner, whither he had gone in consequence of the shock to his system having brought on another attack of BpasmB. The medicine necessary to counteract this baneful disease, coupled with his grief, had unhinged Mr. Smith's reason, and he could only articulate huekily, " The shame agin, please." The dog who bad been rescued was slightly singed, but for the present declined to make any statement. AN IMPORTANT STATEMENT. A gentleman, who desires to withhold his name for the present, volunteered the following important statement to our reportor :—" I was not present at the fire. I did not know that there had been a fire. If I had known I certainly would have been there. I always go to fires and dog- fights. I am of opinion that it was the work of an incendiary. I don't know why I think so, but I do not believe that a dog would set his kennel on fire when it was not insured. I am firmly convinced that it was the work of an incendiary, because incendiary is a good word aud always looks well in print. I am a married man aud have two children. I don't say that these facts have anything to do with the fire, but you may as well put them dowu. They have quite as much to do with the fire as half the statements that get into print whenever there is a fire. I will call down at your office later and bring my wife's statement. She waeu't at the fire either, so whatever she has got to pay on the matter will be of interett to your readers." CONCLUDING REMARKS. Should auy further particulars of the conflagration come to hand, or should Mr. Smith be sufficiently recovered from the spasms to make an articulate statemeut, we shall issue a second edition. IT was, perhaps, the best thing possible for the fame of Searle that lie died when he did, covered with the laurels of victory. He might have lived to become, like many another good man, a mere pitiful ghost of what he had been liviug, a poor phantom existence ou the glories of the past. Even Napoleon in St. Helena was not a godlike object for contemplation. And, though the majority of young Australians may FCOII' at the statement, we are inclined to think that Napoleon (in his best days, of course) was quite as groat a man as Searle. Which reminds us of a curious incident in its way. When Trickett returned from F.ngland in a perfect blaze of glory he did what most " professionals ' of the sort do sooner or later— took a pub. It was in Bridge-street, Sydney. " What d' you think I'd better coll it?'' he asked a certain Pressman. " Golgotha,'' was the grave reply. Aud Trickett was actually about to have the name painted over his door when somebody told him Golgotha meant the " place rf sculls." Aud now, among all the huudrcds of thousands whose idol he was, how many know or care whether he is alive or dead ? 