nun UP. "How's 'the strike going to end?" is a questio/ that has been asked repeatedly of late. /.The answer of the Employers is that the nien will be glad to go back to work on any terms. Bnt this answer, though one which might have been correct in case of astrike ten years ago, is a reply only ventured by those who have no conception of the tremendous moral force and en thusiasm which characterises the new Trades-Unionism. The old Trades-Union ism of ten— aye, five years ago — wouldnever . have Btood for 24 hours the strain of such a gigantic strike as that which is now para lysing trade in Australia. The old Trades- Unionism wonld have found the marine officers asking themselves, " What have we to do with sailors and those vulgar wharf- laborers?" The old order would have found the trolly and draymen asking, "What in the name of all that was reason able had they to do with a strike of cooks and stewards?" And the old order of vanraen would have stood aghast at the pro posal that they, instead of making hay while the sun shone, should refuse to undertake the duties of the trolly and draymen out on strike. But the new order 1 Ah ! how we hail its advent ! The new order of Trades-Unionism finds the biain worker side by side with the toiler by hand. The new- order prompts Trades-Unions to .vote the whole of their accumulated, funds, rather than see their brother Unions, defeated. The' new order finds the compositors (some years ago a most conservative body) giving 10s; and 15s/ per week per man to aid .the \- strikers, notwithstanding the opinion as expressed by the proprietor of the S.M. \- Herald (Mr. J. B>. Fairfax), some three years ago, that " the compositors should ' consider themselves a cut above cooks and stewards and wharf-laborers." # # # The Employers are making a sad mistake iii prolonging the strike. Every hour makes a fresh convert to the side of the strikers. Every .minute a remark is made that impels some wage-earner to consider whether the present order of society is calculated to produce " the greatest good for the greatest number." Employers have forgotten that their position is safest when their workmen are the least discontented ; that when men are discontented their heads are filled with revolutionary ideas. Employers, beware ! If you want to preserve the present order of Capitalism, give in at once. But if you desire a reconstruction of society, maintain your state of "masterly inactivity," and " the iron will enter the soul " of the wage- earner to such purpose that the next elec tion will see your citadel " tottering to its fall." Of course, it is- only a question of time when the system of profit-mongering will be as dead" as Sala's marble man. Make no mistake about that. .# # # The Daily Telegravii considers that the occasion of the present strike is one on -which both Protectionist and. Fieetrade members of Parliament can stand shoulder to shoulder in order to ; defeat the aims of the Labour "Defence Committee (any member of which committee, by the way, could go into any constituency and poll more votes than any of the present members of Parliament). We don't mind urging that it is superfluous to insinuate that the Protectionist and Freetrade mem ber's have not been standing shoulder to shoulder for , all time in order to prevent wage-earners from obtaining full wages. We know them too well. When have the Opposition or the Government side of the House, even in times of peace, come forward with measures which might improve the lot of the worker. Eight-hours and Factory Bills have been strangled or shelved. Earnest reformers and honest politicians have been sneered and laughed at, and when one or two, usually weak-kneed labour members of Parliament/ are suddenly seized with remorse at having forgotten their electioneering promises, stand to their feet and propose to endeavour to do something for the strikers in the shape of conciliation or compromise ; both. Protectionist and Free- trade bodies in the House join in proclaim ing that "the present is a very inopportune time to interfere." Bah ! ; m # With a guileless simplicity worthy of "Verdant Green," the "Master" Bakers' Association lately passed a resolution ask ing the Operative Bakers to cease publish ing the names of those Employers who refused to employ, Union labour or pay Union wages. This request furnished proof, if any were needed, that the publica tion of the names of Non-Union Employer Bakers is of some service to the Union Employers and Employees, and the request was refused. . . Headers of the Workman will have noticed that on August 30th last, when the list of Union and Non-Union bakers was first advertised, the number, of Union bakers was 68, and the Non-Unions 61\. Four weeks later (September 27) the numbers stood:— Union, 77 ; Non-Unions, 49\. We take this opportunity of request ing those Trades-Unionists and 'sympa thisers with the cause of Unionism, who have not read the baker's list to do, so im mediately, and if your baker happens to be. a Non-Union man, refuse to deal with him. Not only this. Dp as others are doing. Take a sheet of note-paper, go round to your , neighbours, and get a number of signatures declining to deal with Non- Union bakers, until they, become Union men. Don't forget that the cause of the haker is the cause of the draper, and the cause of the draper is identical with' that of the bricklayer, the stone-mason, the wage- earner in any and all occupations. Show the Non- Union "master" bakers that you mean business, and that your Trades- Unionism is not a sham. #. # # " A Unionist Workman " .has our best thanks for the Irish Times. We were at one time on its staff, and know it to be a most reliable organ. Mr. Byrne, Q.C., a much respected police magistrate, of Dublin, giving judgment in a case of alleged intimi dation by strikers, said: "Strikes are lawful, and it is lawful to induce fellow- workers to join them," and he dismissed: the case. Our correspondent very perti nently asks : "What about Mr. Solomon's opinion of the illegality of strikes ?" It may not be known that this question was thoroughly ventilated before a Special Committee of the House of Commons, and the whole weight of English legal opinion is contrary to Mr. Solomon's. He should make himself better acquainted with the subject before venturing an authoritative opinion. "" " # General Booth's long-talked of scheme for the amelioration of the worker, and the extinction of pauperism, will be published in a book at the end of this month. Mr. Henry George approves it highly. Its object is to beuefit unemployed labor and alleviate poverty by self-effort at the out set in London — afterwards, should the venture prove successful, in other centres. In the first place the notion is to establish in London, in seqnence to the labor bureau, industrial houses were the unemployed may find food and shelter for such work as they can perform. Secondly, farms will be taken in the country, to which drafts will be made from the London houses. Model villages , will he established on those farms and tracts of lands, the principle of the com munity being self-help and- co-operation. Thirdly, small colonies will be planted in agricultural districts in Canada, South Africa, Australia or New Zealand, as the case may be, and thence batches will be sent from urban and rural centres of the movement . at home. Such are the three main points in the scheme, but as for the details, it can only be said now that they are innumerable. General Booth's belief is, of course, that with three arras to grip the unemployed, the suffering, the debased, and for that matter the criminal; he may hope to have some effect upon the chronic poverty of London and' our other big cities. For' instance, if it was .possible to reclaim a wastrel in' the Ldndon homes he could be sent to the country or given a chance in. the colonial homes. Wherever men. or women were located they would work at the em ployment to which they had., been trained and be paid for returns, care always being taken not to-undersell.the market with the; goods so -produced. If a man had no skill . in any special work, then he would be given unskilled labour,- taught to/ weed turnip fields, or collect the unconsidered trifles' which- abound in dust-heaps at. street cor ners. No matter how much of a wreck a man might be physically and intellectually,- calculation is that he could do something for his support, and this is the key-note to; the whole scheme. That the scheme could- not have the ghost of a chance of success without public sympathy and assistance, is evident, but the idea of pauperism as con nected with it. is rigidly tabooed. Its es- Senoe is co-operation of labour, skilled and unskilled. Charles Kingsley thought that the great est instance of patience which he had ever seen was in Germany. A boy tending a herd of lanky pigs, and consoling himself: for the remorseless ravages of his fleas; by playing on a jew's harp. Would this solace enable us to support a special constable ?. Our friend says, " Something much stronger is needed," and he has just gone into a neighbouring bar. # . s . The five women who made it hot for the blacklegs remind one of the Bameade la Halle, or market-women of Paris. They have more than once precipitated a- revolu- tion, and a well-aimed volley of . potatoes, Swede turnips, and mangold-wurzels will make an impression even on the head of a special constable. Let us admire more the conduct of the thousands of brave wives and mothers, who uncomplainingly submit to see comfort after comfort curtailed, and even necessaries denied, yet make no sign, except they be perhaps like the poor woman in Bret Harte's poem— " She did washing And took on when no one was nigh." # # .We see that Secretary Nabbat, of the Brisbane Wharf-laborers' Union, has got the Hon. F. T. Brentnall, managing director of the Telegraph. Newspaper Company, committed for trial. "There wasnodefence" for a most wanton and unjustifiable libel. If the Labor Defence Committee was to take the Sydney editors to task in a like manner it would also "be seen that "there was no defence," which makes it all the more dastardly, for it argues deliberate and systematic lying. A great boom ts getting up against Mr. Want's Bill. It is not all that is required, but it is a good instalment, and its - oppo nent's rightly infer that if it passes it will prepare the way for more sweeping changes. And surely it is high time. We shall speak more fully on-.this , point when the Bill is before' the House. Meanwhile, let all working men refuse fo allow their children in Sunday schools to sigq any petitions about which they know nothing. The aim of the fanatics is to make it appear by a long array of signatures that the general consensus of public opinion is against a change in the present silly and unjust laws. . : i The Echo says :— "The Salvation Army's " march round " would have been almost impossible but for the fact that the soldiers every now and then left the ranks, sprang up in the air, or spun round on their heels, and shouted " Glory !" or " Hallelujah !" and then resumed their places. This reminds us of a captain at one of their meetings, who, every now and then,' got up, < seized the chair whereon he was sitting, held it up by one leg oyer his head, swung it round three times, put it 'down, and sat down on it. He felt better, from this 'little safety-valve f orhigh- jpressure emotion. Dickens makes one of his characters 'stand on his head in a corner by way of collecting his ideas. Be gustibus n on eat diaputandum. There is no accounting for tastes. - ' . A Clerk's Union is-oh the cards. Why not ? Surely those whose." sweat of bi-ain" as Carly le calls it, is their.' only capital, ought to-' have as much protection from grinding Employers as manual labourers ? Especially as it is rare for an employer of mind to consider that any fixed hour is necessary to knock-off;' He thinks that the mental machine may go on unoiled by rest for ever. Never, at ahy time; were those who toil with the brain so overtasked. - But if clerks amalgamate a.Union, why not parsons, editors, and reporters ? They need protection as much as anybodjr. In the English Houtobf Commons, the Opposition leaders cute all men of great wealth, and rarely bother themselves about questions simply relating to the people, . and, therefore, the sooner a number of workmen are sitting on the bench the better. - Not a single genuine representative of working- class opinion finds a seat, there ; andeven Mr. Broadhurst, who at one time had some : authority to speak on behalf of Trades Unionism, has - been for a couple of years hardly ever in the House. There can be no really effective legislation in our own Parliament unlesB bona fide working men are returned, and even then they should be such as will act together for the welfare and interest of '.the workers generally, not merely for a particular, section. : # # A. non-unionist correspondent, alluding to the report that the Trades and Labor Council intend to prepare a series of questions to be put to Parliamentary candi dates, says: — "I think the better plan . would be to bring . forward your own candidates. Let them be bona fide work- ingmen, selected from the Trades Unions. They would command the respect and support of all workingmen throughout the colony, and that being so I have no doubt they would form the majority in the new Parliament." He kindly promises his vote and support for such candidates, but he does not . see that good though this plan may be it is not the best. A workingman merely as such is not the most suitable representative of the Unions, nnless he possesses statesmanlike qualities and at least a fair education. He muBt have some skill as a debater and not run the risk of making himself ridiculons by his ignorance and bad manners. To limit the selection to workingmen and Unionists would exclude others who might prove warm supporters of the workingman. In the House of Commons the tribune of the people was John Bright, a large mill-owner ; and Mr. Henry Labouchere is a rich man, though a thorough Radical and Reformer. Brains are much needed in the party, and whoever may be chosen as representatives of labor ought to possess more than an average share. # # The cartoon of the Weekly News and that of the Bulletin, in last week's issue, are nearly alike, but they differ in one essential fact. Sir Henry Parkes, in the former, is riding the two spirited steeds like a trained circus-jockey ; in the other, one is jibbing, and the old man is evidently in a most perilous plight, being quite unequal to the task of guiding both. The Bulletin has a happy knack gf hitting the thing uppermost in public thought. Like the writer of whom Matthew Arnold wrote:—- "He placed his finger on the pulse of nations, as of private men, and said, ' Thou ailest here, and here." 