Story Goiumr\\. St. Guthtat's Towas ' Br FLORENCE WARDK5T. Author of ' Tho House ou tlio STarsn," &c.; KTMe solo ripbfc to publish this fltorv in Brlshuro has been purchased by the TeUimph Newspaper Company from Cosseli and Company, Loudon and Melbourne. Cdatteu V. — A SrAttTLtxo Ciiatote. To be able to inflict a severe physical defeat upon an obtrusive admirer may bo a highly convenient accomplishment, but tbe necessity for its exercise cannot but bo a humiliating experience. Olivia Denison felt tbe hot tears rise to her eyes as she walked up through tho farmyard to tho Hull. If only one of her own stalwart brothers, 15dvrar(l or Ernest, were here to givo this insolent carl tho thrash ing he deserved. But Edward was in India wich his regiment, and Ernest was tied to a desk in a solicitor's office in London. She must depend upon her own arm and her own head for protection now. Eortunately, neither was of the weakest, as she herself felt with some satisfaction. In fact, she scarcely knew yet what measure of strength, both meutal and physical, was hers, for slio had led hitherto an easy, sheltered life, idle in the sense that all her energy had been spent in amusing herself, happy hut for certain uncongenial elements at home How there was to bo a difference. With out being expected to know how it came to pass, Olivia knew that papa had grown poorer — that he had become frightfully irritable about bills of late, and that various violent and spasmodic efforts at retrenchment, and popa's reiterated de clarations that he must " do somothiug " had culminated in the sale of the beauti ful house at Streatlmm, and in tho taking of llishton Hall harm. There was some thing not quite painful in tho feeling that she would have to " do something " too, and in the knowledge that she might now be ublc to turn licr quickness of eye and hand to useful account in the service of tho father whom she adored. What would his sensitive nature do among these Old- shnws, and these Willinmses, and those Walls, with tho most unpleasant and dis turbing rumours afloat about the very clergyman in charge ? This was the re flection which troubled Olivia's mind as she approached the hall for a second time, and going up the worn steps let herself in without any need to knock at tho door. " Lucy ! " she called, as alio oponed tho door of the big room on the right. There was no answer. Tho room was deserted, and the fire had burnt low. Olivia shivered ns she went in. Tho run down the hill lind put her in a glow ; the entrance into this mouldy old chamber chilled her. She put more wood on tho fire, and sat down to wait tho return of Lucy, who, she did not doubt, had found the loneliness of the place too much for her nerves, and had gone out to look for her mistress. In a few minutes Olivia began to long even for the patter of a mouse's feet, for tho song of a cricket, for any sign of lifo in the dcsolato old house, if it.werc only tho sigh of tho loathly blackbectlc. Tho spirit of the unknown Holly Mitchell seemed to haunt lier. That girl, who had lived in the house, gone about her daily work in this room, in these deserted walls — who was she? What had become of her? "Ask Mr. Brander" — so the odious Fred Williams had said, with intensely malicious signifi cance. Should sho dare to do this, and perhaps satisfy once for all those doabts of her now friend which not only tho con flicting opinions of tho villagers, hut cer tain morose and repellunt changes of ex pression in his own face, had instilled in to her? Sho could not decide. Between her doubts, her loneliness, and her sense of tbo difficulties of her desolate situation, the poor girl was growing so unhappy, that when at last sho beard tbe sound of footsteps upon tho ground outside, she sprang up with a cry, nnd ran to the door ready to force whoever it might be to share her vigil. On the doorstep she found Sarah Wall, whom conscience, or a glimmering notion that it might ho as well to bo " in wi' t' new fowk," had brought back to mako inquiries. " Hasna' yer goods coom ? " sho asked, rather apologetically. " Ho j they won't come to-night now,' answered Miss Denison with a sigh. "There's summat — u curt or a waggon or summat — at t' gate now" The hope was too much. Olivia gar n little cry. But when, a little later there absolutely did drive up through tho farmyard, and draw up at tho door, a small open cart olosely packed with bed-room furniture, she could scarcely keep from bursting into tears. For tbo first fow minutes sho was too overjoyed to perceive anything very singular in this arrival. In tbo front of tho cart, beside tbe driver, sat two neat nni buxom country girls, who sprang down to tho ground with much suppressed excitement and half-hysterical laughter, and without' any explanation of their ' 'presence, pro ceeded, with the help of tho " driror, to unpack tho cart, and to carry the contonts .indoors and upstairs.- . .. Olivia stood hack bewildered. One had a lantern tho other a broom neither would J advance a' step towards tho old house, 'or up the wido staircase, without tho comfort anil support of. tho other's presence. But up they did go at last, stitiag little screams at evory ' other step, and returning the jibes of tho driver with prompt retorts. This young man looked like a stable-boy, or perhaps a groom in undress. As he came downstairs again, after having taken np a folding bedstead, Olivia asked hi»n where he came from. " From t' Vicarago, miss," he answered with a stableman's salute. " Mr. Vernon sent us down and told;us to put t' things in and coom back gs quick as wo could. T' lasses waato'clean.oot d room oopstairs for yo." ... Sarah "Wall .was omitting a sorics of witoh-like grunts in tbo background. .. rftMr-' VeraonF' ircrifcd.i Olivia; -Mr. Vernon Brander ! Ob, -How vory kind1 of him! How very kind!". " He'll be down liissolf just now, miss, I think," continued tbe -lad.;: ."bo said jro'd ctj.ojp wi' t' second tyt," . . Here Mrs. IVall broke in with a pre liminary croaking cough — " Hen, hen. llo wunna coom a-nigh fliis house. Ho coomcd hero too often in t' owd time. Hca, nca ! Ho wunna coom insido roo." " Howd thn tongue, Sal,' said tho lad, quickly. " Thoo'd get thasen in trouble wi' t' vicar if lie lieerd tha prattling so o' 's brother. "Whereupon tho old woman fell to in coherent mumbling, and the lad, having discharged his load, saluted tho young lady again, and drovo away. "With a pleasant sense upon her that help, ready niul efficient, was indeed come at last, Olivia went indoors again, and directed by the sounds of active sweeping, nnd at least ns active chattering, found her way to the best bedroom in this part of tho house, which the exertions of tho two maids were quickly rendering hnbitable. They hud brought with them even a largo scuttlcful of coals, and a supply of caudles. In half an hour the room was swept, n fire lighted, carpet laid down, and two little beds and a suite of bedroom furniture dis posed to tho best advantage. " Mr. Vernon snic". wo was only to fit up one bedroom, ma'am, ns you'd "bo sure to want your maid to sleep in the same room with you in this big empty house, miss," said the elder and more responsible of the servants. " Yes, that is quite true," answered Miss Denison, promptly. " And as soon as wo hud dono this room we was to sweep out tho big one down stairs." " Oil," said Miss Denison," " you need not do that. Ono room is plenty for us to go on with, and I don't wish you to have tho trouble of doing any more." " Ob, it's no trouble, ma'am. And those were Mr. Vernon's orders. And when tho master and missus is away, we have orders to do just as Mr. Vernon Fays, exactly as if he was master. You see, master thinks such a deal of Mr. Vernon." Here was another instnnco of the strange enthusiasm for Mr. Vernon Bran der, which he seemed to excite equally with tho most violent antagonism. " I wouldn't lia' come here by myself, though ; not if Mr. Vernon had ordered mo ever so : no, nnd not if master and Mrs. Brander lmdn't ordered me too, that I wouldn't !" broke in the younger maid, with decision. Miss Denison caught sight of n severe frown and a bit of expressive pantomime, signifying that she was to hold her tongue, from lier older and more discreet companion. " How is that?" asked tho young lady. " Do you think this house is haunted ?" " Of course not, ma'am," broke in the elder. " Susan, you ought to bo ashamed of yourself, telling sueh silly stuff. Of course, ma'am, when a house lies empty some time there's all sorts of talcs get about, and I dare say if you hadn't corao and taken it, in another year there'd ha' been a whole lot of ghost stories and such like about it." Miss Denison saw that there was noth ing to he learnt hero, so sho asked no more questions, hut waited eagerly for the arrival of Mr. Brander. At last, from the position she had taken up on the steps outside tlie front door, she heard the clergyman's voico and the sound of wheels nnd hoofs at tho same time ; a few seconds later the curt, again piled with furniture, stopped nt the door, and Mr. Brander, springing down from his place besido the driver, held out a helping hand to tho third person in the cart, who proved to he no other than Lucy. Instond of jumping out with her usual activity, however, the little maid hung back in the most nervous manner, and finally had almost to ho lifted out of tho vehicle, uttering words of protest in a hoarso whisper. " Lucy ! "Why, what's the matter with you ?" asked her young mistress, kindly, perceiving by the light of tho lantern tho clergyman carried that the bright red colour had left tho girl's round checks, and that her eyes wore distended with some absorbing horror. "Hotliing, Miss Olivia — nothing," stammered she, fuintly. "I — I went out to look for yon. " I thought you might have lost your way — and — and " " As Eben and I were driving down tho hill we met her, nnd, finding that sho was looking for jou, Miss Donison, I mado licr get up and come ou with tho luggago." Ho did not look at Lucy, neither did sho look nt him, and in the course of tho work of unloading and furnishing in which they now both proceeded to take an active part, Olivia could not help noticing the nshv paleness thut camo over tbo muid's face, and tho way in which sho shrnuk into herself, if accident brought lier in close contact witli tho gentleman. The installation now wont on merrily. To Olivia's great relief, Mr. Brander, con trary to Sarnli "Wall's prediction, showed not the least reluctance to enter the old house, but went backwards and forwnrds between tbo cart and tbo big room until there was nothing loft to bring in. "Wo haven't brought nearly enough fuiniture to fill this big room, you know," ho explained, ns he trundled in a roll of carpet. " Tho cart would only hold just sufficient to mako a little oasis . nt the fireplace end ; but it's bettor than tho bare boards, and to-morrow wo'il hopo you'll have your own things about you." " Oh, Mr. Brander, I enn't thank you," said Olivia, overwhelmed. "You" have built a paluco for us in tho desert ; but wliut will the vicar say ? Ho will oorae back nnd find that you have ransacked his beautiful house on behalf of two uttor strangors! I shall novcr dare" to Look Mrs. Brandor in tho faoo after taking part in such n sndrilogo." "My brother would say nothing if I were to turn all tho drawing-room furni ture out into the churchyard," nnsworod ho, promptly. " You mustn't judgo his temper by my black looks. He and I aro as different as heaven nnd — earth. All tho ladies fall in lovo with him." " Then I shall not," said Miss Donison, decidedly. " I liko my lovos aU to my self." : to ns oomczkusd to-kobbow 