Lecture on Splrltualism. SORCERY AND NECROMANCY. THE DEVIL ITS FATHER. The Rev. S. Gilby had an apprecia- tive if not a very large audience on Thursday evening, in the Primitive Methodist church, to hear his lecture on spiritualism. The Rev. Mr. Allan, Wesleyan minister, occupied the chair, and after expressing the pleasure it gave him to preside, and the necessity for the Christian Church to stand shoulder to shoulder in these days of speculative and practical infidelity, of which there was a deal abroad, he called upon the lecturer. The Rev. S. Gilby, who said it was quite evident since he had announced his intention of delivering the lecture, some spirit had evinced considerable interest in him, as he had that day received by post a copy of a spiritual- istic publication, so that if he succeed- ed that evening in stirring the spirits the publications would come along in showers, and he would soon have a library of that class of literature all to himself. He did not propose to deal with that phase of spiritualism which professed to have communion with devils, and which was com- monly known as sorcery, but rather to confine himself to that which was termed necromancy, and which pro- fessed to deal with the disembodied spirits of our departed follow crea- tures. The lecturer, after hurriedly dealing with some of the marvellous performances which spiritualists as- serted had been the outcome of their communion with the departed — such as opening doors, bells pealing forth beautiful music, cold mysterious hands passing over persons in the seance : handsaws, triangles, and pianos, all played beautifully through the agency of spirits ; tables tilting, sometimes on two legs, and very often on one leg, all by the spirits — referred to the period when the system originated, when Mathew Swendenberg was credited with being the father of spiritualism in 1748. The lecturer then proceeded to show how wizards, witches, and sorcerers were condemned and denounced in Holy Writ, and claimed that if the system was to be " sheeted home to anyone" it must be to the devil, and the spiritualists were welcome to their father. He attributed spiritualism veiy largely to delusion. It was possible for the medium to be- lieve that he was necessary a revelation that he did not receive at all. The peculiar phrenologi- cal character, the excessive deve- lopment of the organs of spirituality and ideality would account for this. As a phrenologist he had noticed this development most promenently only that day in a Mudgee spiritualist. And a person of that construction was the very person he would look to to swallow a good all-round ghost yarn. It was proverbial of spiritua- lists that they "loved darkness rather than light," hence why in their seances they invariably had the lights turned — they had precious little light on the subject. Here the lecturer related instances of how people who had attended seances had been wilfully deluded, and the secret divulged by persons behind the scenes. The cold foot and the cold hand passing over ! On one occasion a person in the seance, feel- ing something cold, gripped it, and it was the cold foot of the medium. The written messages, too, he could manipulate when a boy— -the modus operandi was very simple. Ventrilo- quism had been made to play a con- spicuous part in the mysteries, and he read from print instances of this. So with mesmerism, and some very ex- traordinary things had been done under genuine mesmerism, which he claimed had been applied to spiritual- ism. Clairvoyance was a phase of mesmerism. Spiritualism owed much of its success to warped judgment. There were many causes produc- ing ill-balanced judgments. Un- due excitement of any of the selfish group of organs had that effect. A man may have lost his fortune, another may fear his reputation was in jeopardy, and with some men these sort of things weighed heavily. Picture such men going to a seance, with their troubles possibly upper most in their minds. Were they in a fit state to judge a spiritualistic seance. He quoted the state of Saul when he went to the Witch of Endore, and so now-a-days with many people who went to the spiritualistic seance. Spiritualism was a social and moral curse, yet spiritualists would tell you theirs was the only system of genuine religion. One of their doctrines was that of free love, which meant ab- solutely the dissolution of the marriage tie. Truly spiritualism was of its father the devil. At this stage and in his concluding remarks the lecturer waxed powerfully eloquent, and we regret that want of space compels us to curtail our report, which of necessity has been reduced to a third of what it would print if fully given. At the conclusion the lecturer was loudly applauded. Votes of thanks to the lecturer and to the chairman suitably proposed, and acknowledged terminated the proceedings. 