r-BOADBELWS NEW YORK LETTER. I dread the period when the dog star rages, when churches are closed, and ministers go out of town. It seems as if t) e evil one was lying around loose for just such a time as this, atid I began to realise that striking verso in 2nd Peter, "Foi! your eneitly the Devil goeth about like a roaring lion seeking whom he may devour." At such a time as this our spiritual fences are weak, and the Arch-enemy knov s it. I don't know why, but it seems as if our coloured brother and sister were particularly exposed in this dangerous season. Few . men are better known lierc in ^SloUred religious circles than the Rev. Israel iJerriok. Brother Derrick is not only an eloquent pfcachef1 of the Gospel, bub he is also recognize 1 as an able Republi can campaign speaker, and it was said that owing to Brother Derrick's effort on the stump, which kept the coloured contingent in the straight and narrow path; Benjamin Harrison was indebted for his comfortrit/le seat in the White House. This fact was so thoroughly recognizcd by the powers that be, that when the campaign was ended and the victory won, Brother Derrick was offered the Consular Agency to Liberia, and - he might have been- Minister to Haitii if Mr. Blaine had not insisted on sending the Hon. Frederick Douglas 011 that important mission. Brother Derrick got a tip from headquarters nt Washington that there was a possibility of Mr. Blaine's retirement from the Cabinet, and he thought tint he might- in his own proper person exemplify the grand possibili ties of the coloured nice. He is a gentleman bf lligh litorrtrj' itttaitimontsj has been a col lege professor, and might have tfetiti a fcistidp if some of the wicked members of the coll; ference had not spread a report that lie did riot pay liis debts; When I say that in ad dition to his btii^r ^urtiificiitiofiS lie litis, been a newspaper man; i ffeel thai his tihflfftc tor needs 110 further endorsement. On the north shore of Long Island'facing the Sound is the beautiful village of Northport—a quiet dreamy old place and quite a summer resort for a few old time families, who spied, ont the land long years ago; before, the island was vexed with railroads or ruined by elec tric lights, telephones, te^graphs, and all such outlandish jigamarees. There la quite a large and highly respectable coloured popu lation in and around here made up of the stylish coachmen, head- waiters, house ser vants! and others who are regarded 'as the ctSmc do la cretne of Coloured society in these parts. Brother Derrick .discovered that while the society was first- class, they were wofully short of Gospel privileges, and ho resolved to build up the first African Methodist Church of Northport. There is no doubt that the coloured sinners of North port realized their awful situation, for the moment Brother Derrick laid his plans be fore them, saints and sinners alike, most heartily entered into them. But religion needs money as well as iiiore carnal Under takings, and a meoting of the brethron and sisters was called to consider the ways and means to raise the wind. Among the out side visit ors toNorthporfc wasPerry Smith from Huntington, black as a coal, but a deacon and a good exhorter. Sister Graham had come over from Smithtown and was a soprano of great power and fine cultivation, and in her pink dress with blue ribbons and a love of a spring hat was a vision of loveliness that any nice coloured man whose heart, was unoccupied would certainly like to look upon twice. When a proposition was made for a chilrch fair and a concert, Sister Graham "with a liberality that did lier credit, volun teered to sing "I Dream't I dwelt in Marble Halls" and "As wo wandered by the Hill side." No sooner had she said this than Deacon Smith rushed up exclaiming, " Oh Sister Graham how I lubs ye," threw his arms around her neck and einprinted a kiss on each of her rosy no that is not exactly the figure I wanted—on each of her—her,— well, her cheeks. To say that the church was scandalized gives you but a faint idea of wh.it actuallv did take place. Miss Graham broke away ani gave the deacon a left hander on the eye. Deacon Smith's wife -seeing her husband go down, and not knowing the cause of the assault sailed into Miss Graham, and in exactly five seconds by the watch she relieved Miss Grrhatn of two hand fuls of hair and the best part of her bodice and skirt. Smith's mother-in-law who saw it all flung her daughter off under the seats, and caught the deacon a paster which laid him out 011 the floor ; by this time the entire con gregation had taken sides and struggled into the street when a number of citizens rushed in and the battle was ended. Brother Der rick was disgusted, and ho proposes to leave these Northport colored heathens to their fate. Deacon Smith says that "jhe ain't to blame, for he wuz urged by de sperit, dat he could'nt resist, and dat de sister hopnootized him." This to me seems entirely valid and perfectly in keeping with the latest dis coveries o{ science. I've felt that thins several times myself, and know it's true. Deacon Smith's wife don't believe it. She says " it is true cussedness and de debble perhaps, it is,; perhaps, it is. It really looks as though Satan was at the bottom of it, for it has raised—well, no matter what.. In Northport colored society is all gone to pieces, and that's why I am sorry that the churches are closed and the ministers are gone. , Fashionable society received a sensation last week in Brooklyn which was quite enough for all practical purposes, with the thermometer little short of a hundred. For several months past a dashing young sivell has been paying his addresses to one of our society belles. He had quite a "distingue" foreign air and lots of grand cash, and it was whispered among the favored few that he was a distinguished nobleman in disguise, and that he was actually related to the Lord knows who. That settled it, for if there is anything that the elite of New York , and Brooklyn really love it is a lord;-His clothes were all of the latest cut and the finest goods, and he drove a pair of stvHsh hlaoi^ tilat rnulr! do tiioil mile m U.36. Everything wem ™ J mi iliio ---nlimr curds v, onfc out for t-ho \v6dding. Ther© was quite a struggle for invitations,and Snobdom nearly had a fit when the prospective bridegroom was arrested an Wednesday for grand larceny. He had been robbing boarding houses' for months, arid-when he'was arrested'lie had a pocketful of pawn tickets of the stolen plunder. His stylish team, which every body, the' bride included, thought was his own, belonged to a livery stable where the nice young man had a nice little bill of one hundred and eighty dollars. The shock was like the bursting of a bombshell. The bride took to her bed, and is dangerously ill. The young man lies in jail awaiting the action of the Grand Jury; Milord's friends have all disappeared, and you can't find a man in Brooklyn who ever heard of him except through the newspapers. Speaking of Brooklyn, there is a "church going up there now on the corner of Clark and Henry-streets, not a stone's throw from old Plymouth, and jusf one block from where the Great Plymouth Pastor died, which might well be called one of the seven wonders of the Spiritual World. It is being erected by the congregation of the old Sand-street' Methodist Church which stood nearly op posite the entrance to the grpafc Brooklyn Bridge. Shades of .To'ia Wesley Spirit of Summerfield, Ghost of Parson Bangs, what a church ? Why, what's the matter 1 Is'nt it handsome ? Ah, yes, there is nothing to compare with it in Brooklyn or New York or I might almost say anywhere else. As to the style I approach it with fear and trembling, for I fear I am getting into deep water and I might jDut my royal foot in it. It might be Byzantine but it is not. You could call it conglomerate, but if you did you would make a mistake, and yet if you were to exhaust the nomenclature of Archi tecture you would find no other that -would describe it, for there are gothic pillars with rloric bases Mid corinthian capital's, jotiie faence3,- chevorous, crenelated mouldings', festoons, foliations, Gyna reversas en tablatures, buttresses, Gargoyles, Lanunais, Helices, etc.-, ot-e. The effect- is bewildering, the more scr as it illustrates the difference between ftficlent and modern Methodism. i Well remember the old Methodist church in Netv Havert, where that Lion of the Tribe of Judah, Nathan Bangs, of blessed memory, used to preach. The sight of necklace, or earrings, or bracelets was just pizen to him, and a common country dance .vas enough to drive him into a galloping consumption. There was lio' modern frippery or foolishness about Brother Bangs. When he denounced sin he jumped on the devil like a pile driver and made things warn) for old Satan atid nil those who approved of his doings. There Were no freizes nor cheveroons nor balda chins ilhijlit that old meeting house. The pews were stntighfcbncked, without cushions, a wicked modem invention to make rich and comfortable sinners beliei'C iJiey were on the road to Paradise without sn'/i'efhjg snd re pentance. No, sir, nothing of that sort. It stood on a side sbveeet not a stone's throw from old Yale College, and while they were singing Greenland's Icy Mountains at Centre Church, you could hear Parson Bangs giving out the Doxology on Temple-street-. , The Sands-street cl'urch of Brooklyn was | Very much like that, just such a plain, un pretentious btiildiijg as was put up by the practical fathers of Methodism fifty or sixty years ago. When the big bridge was com pleted the removal of the church became a i-ecessity, and it wi.s bought, by the Bridge corporation, the Sands street Methodist Church receiving enough for the old and ruined meeting house to put up tlio present splendid edifice. Do not understand me as fifitllilg fault,- for the building when finished, will .be one of the richest ornaments of the city churches. If it lind been a Catholic church,or an Episcopalian churctil should not have been surprised—but as an exemplar of irtpderri Methodism it is certainly a revel atiori, arid I'm inclined to think with Brother Snow, " Shu ."is ye liv de worl do move." Sorrowful indeed wis the scene enacted in one of our local courts iri tlio adjoining county of Queens last week, when Judge Robert Hunting was sentenced by one of his former associates to States Prison at hard labor for nine years for the crime of grand larceny. On the bench were the men he had grown up with from boyhood, around him were the lawyers he had been associated with all his life, beside him sat his weeping wife and worse than orphaned children. He was a church member and Superintendant of the Sunday School, and his high reputation for piety procured him the trust of several CStateSi He robbed them all and left the widows alid Ofpfi.tns paupers. His crimes were so plain and ffagi-ant that he did not even stand trial but pleaded guilty at once. It was a bitter task for his life-long friend, the Jtidge', to sentence his old associate, but with Roman fifmness he rose equal to the task, and on Saturday last Hunting was carried to his living tomb. Dick Crocker the Tammany boss, ha8 left us and lias departed with his entire family for Germany. It was early in the'morning when the steamer left, andasS usual thing t»he Grand Sachems and magnates ofTammany do not woo fcho carl}' morning breezes, except on spccial occasions when tli ey hsiv'nt been to bed the night before. It was a great and represent ative gathering and showed unmistakably the estimation in which the great Sagamore was held. Jimmy Carroll, Paddy Shea, Mikey Hennessy, Phil MeCarty, Doody Cronin, and hundreds of others gathered on the departing steamer ; moat of them had sat up all ;night, so as not to be late, and were sadly but of repair. The floral offerings filled the three staterooms and overflowed into tho cabin. Boxes, bundles and demijohns innumerable were among the gifts, enough to supply a regiment with creature comforts for a month. A handsome floral ship had a card on the stern, on which wns inscribed the following delicate sentiment: '[ j'fom old frens. The anker is wade. Fairwell; Fairwell." It was touching. A demijohn of old Blue Grass Rye was labeled " Remember mee, Phil." At the very last moment the great stateman's baggage had not arrived so he started for Europe with what he had on his back. Truly yours, BROADBRIM. 