CllAl'TJJV II. When Dr. Burned arrived, he said, to our great relief, that Master Jim was bad enough but in no immediate danger, an' volunteered to stay wi' him whilst the rest of us com menced the sorrowtnl search for all that was left o' poor Miss Marj'jrie. Mr. Freere j jiued ug at three, in a terrible state o' grief, an' meu came up from the township to help, so we had no lack of assistance. Up an' down the road, an* for a hundred yards or eo on each side p' the road, we searched ; loss were raised wi' crowbars, an' every foot o' ground was gone over again an' again, an' yet, when at sundown we were obliged reluctantly to abandon the eearcb fur the night, all our efforts hud proved unsuccetsful in discover ing that which we were so auxioualy looking for an' yet dreading to find. The men went off to take a much-needed rest, an' I, thoroughly done up at lasf, flung ^myself down on the sofa in the breukfaat room, an' dropped off immediately into a dead sleep o' exhaustion. Suddenly wi' a tremendous Btartl woke, tbinkiuKl h^ftrdtliss Marjorie's voice, calling in pereuiptdf# alt* agonised toneB, such as 1 had neVer ueard uer use before, "Hector, Hector."' So real was the impression (that 1 had answered ber, an' jumped up an* ran to the door before I came to my sengeB, found 1 had but been dreaming. 1 struck a match, an'looked at my watch. Tea o'clock. 1 would lie down for a while; thtere was mufch to be done on the morrow, as the Bearch commenced anew at daybreak. I went back to the sofa, but to sleep again was impossible., If I but closed my ejea tbe whole scene would come back leiore my imagination in hideous distinctness, i could see our bairn so plainly, alone, in a great world D' Bmoke and crackling flame, wi* a broken limb, possibly, en* unable to move. The awful loneliness of it, The dog, tbe vera dog has forsaken ber; ber only chance o' escape, the mare, 1b rapidly receding in tbe distance^ galloping wi' might and main towards tbe Home she wouldna see more. Oh, the horror of it; tbe unutterable sicken ing horror-and she cries aloud in theagony o' her helpless girlish terror-then bides her face in her bands-as she must die, sbe will die' wi' ber eyes shut, »be will not watch the progress o' tboae cruel forked tongues which, like hell hounds let loose, ate gaining on her, closing on her every moment, tlieir fiery breath already scorching her cheek, an' which will presently wrap her in a deathly, terrible embrace. Oh, no ; ahe will close her eyes aw' pray, an' wait-for what? Ah, surely, surely, Gud will be piti ful, and let all the snuke which ia ali around an' above her, like a great grey veil of acrid, choking mist, mercifully suffocate her before -Heaven help her-they are on her even now! I could stand it no longer. If I had stayed there another moment I verily believe I'd ha' gone stark, staring inad. 1 got up an' went softly into Master Jim's room. lie was asleep, but much Hushed, an' very restless. The doctor had sent Jean to bed, an* was himself attending to him. His back was turned to me. lie was putting cool bandages on the lad's levered brow, an' I did not dis turb liim, but went quietly out on to the verandah. Mr, Freere, who was wandering up an' down like a restless ghost, joined me, an* we stood there for about half an hour, talking now an' then in a desultory I manner about anything an' everything save the one subject that was upper most in our minds-but tor the most part eilent Poor Master Charles, I pitied him from the very bottom o' my heart; the haggard, wan misery on his young face was something dreadful to see. It was bright moonlight, the dickering-shadows o' the passionflower an' vines that hung over the verandah were outlined wi' inky-black distinctness on the ground an' the walls o' the house, an' the soft radiance lay like a transparent pall o' silver light over the charred an' sombre bush, where somewhere or other Miss Marjorie was lying. " A vast and smouldering grave," I heard Mr. Freere mutter to himself. Presently a dog began to howl. It was Daddy, who had been tied up since yesterday morning, an' fearful lest the s miid should waken Master Jim. I stepped off the verandah, an' followed by Mr. Freere, went to his kennel to try and quiet him. He was a short-haired collie, remarkable canny, an' o' wonderful Bagacity; Mr. l'reere had given him to Miss Marjorie when quite a pup, an' she had made a great pet an' companion of him. The poor dumb brute seemed to under stand the trouble we were in, an' crouching at my feet lie keened Ions an' low. " Let him off, Hector," says Mr. Freere, an' I unfastened the strap round his neck. He fawned round us for a moment, an' licked our hands gratefully, then, wi' a prolonged howl, mhed down towards the gate. He stopped halt-way, looked back, an', eeeiiig we were not moving, returned, jumped on us, whined, an' ran buck again. He repeated this several times, an' finally cauuht me by the Bleeve an' endeavoured to drag me wi' him. I shook him oil. " Lie down, Daddy, good dog, lie down," says I. Mr. Freere was watching him. " This is most extraordinary, Hector," he said. " What is it, D.iddy?" What's it all about, old fellow? Where's your mistress?'' he asked slowly and distinctly. Daddy pricked up his ears, wagged his tail violently, an' looked in telligently towards the bush. " Where's Marjorie? Show us, good dog," says Mr. Freere again. Daddy leaped up, licked his band, an', giving a short yap, dashed off as before. We looked at each other, an' then silently followed. Daddy trottted on, looking round every now an' then 10 see where we were. Through the gate be went, past the curve, an' down the road for about a couple o' miles; then su Idenly he turned off into the bush. Where on earth could the dog be leading us to? Surely Bhe could na be any where in that direction, but on an' on he went, guided by some unerring instinct, an' on an' on we stumbled ufter biw, over blackened logs, an' smoking tussocks, over lallen timber, an' through well- nigh impenetrable skeleton tualiee. He seemed to be making straight for I where the fire was yet blazing luriously in the distance, but on he went, an' on we followed, till at last we emerged breathless, wi' faces an' hands scratched an' blackened, clothes torn, an' the soles well nigh burnt off our buots, on to an old overgrown cart trsicf, which hadna been used tor goodness knows how long, not since the diggings were deserted, anyway. Down this Daddy went like a lamplighter, r.n' we atter him till we were about fit to drop. All at once lie dashed off into a compara tively clear space, which, before the lire went oyer it, had evidently been covered thickly wi bracken fern an' heath, an', giv ng an un earthly howl, disappeared over a heap o' burnt clay. We advanced a few yards, wi' due caution, then stopped short, tor we were standing on the vera brink of an old mining shaft, by which Daddy was sitting, yelping frantically. Kneeling down we peered over, but could see ?nothing tut pitch darkness. 1 stretched out my hand lor a stone to drop in to ascertain it there was water. Mr. Free re dragged me hick. "Take care, ma.n," aaya he harshly; "you don't know what may be there." An' what that unfathomable dark ness was hiding from ua I scarce dared to think, lie dropped a small pebble in, an' we held our breath to listen for the splash. None came. There waena any water that was certain. "Stay here, M'LeocI," said Mr. Freere, rising hurriedly. " I'm going for men an' ropes. Fools that we were to come without tuera," an' he was off. " liring lanterns," I 6liouted after him, "an' brandy, ail' tell my wife, Bring the doctor, too, it be hasna gone." "AH right," came back from the bush, an' I sat down by the dog, who was still looking into the ciiaBin, an' keening softly at intervals. Never, as long as 1 am in the land o' the living, will I forget that lonesome midnight vigil beside what I couMna but greatly fear to be bonnie Miss Marjorie's grave. The wind had risen, an' above me the moon now Bhowed blood red an' angry-looking through (he drifting masses o' smoke, which at whiles totally obscured her. Around lay desolation an* blackness in describable, an' like sentinels gaunt an' grim, close about me Btood the gliostlydead gums, sharply defined against the sky, an' lit up now an' again wi' the glare o' the fire beyond, which was now crackling on the rise to the left, roaring an* licking up all before it like ail avenging an* all-devouring demon. Kver an' anon some giant o' the forest-a Btately pillar o' living fire-would suddenly, without a^ moment's warning, and wi' a terrific crash, fall headlong into the gull}' below, sending up showers o' lurid sparks au' volumes o' smoke, It was a magnificent spectacle, I ha'ho doubt, but under the cir cumstances it was at the same time a most terrible uncanny one, an' truly thankful was I when, after what seemed to ha' been a life time o' anxiety, 1 beard faint cooees in the distance. I cooeed back vigorously, an' pre sently the place sefemed just alive an' swarm ing \vt' men carrying lanterns, ropes, an what not Taking tlie lantern from the doctor, nn' fastening a rope -to it, I lowered it carefully into the pit,-Mr. Freere doing the same. At first we could see nothing, an then; u our eyes grew accustomed to the light, we saw that the shaft was abodt fifty feet deep, wi' soft-looking mud at the bottom, an there, lying in the corner, wi* bet white face, turned up to the beaten^ lay the object o all onr Bearch, MiaelMarjorle-unecathed by fire, as far as we could judge, but whether livine or dead it WAS then impossible to ear. I hurriedly pulled up my lantern an' looked round for another rope. Mr. Freere had already flung one in, an' givine the other end to M'Dermot, was preparing to descend, when the doctor Btopped him. " Here," says he, shoving him aside, " I'm the man that's most wanted there. You wait up here till I pint; out. Give me the brandy, and keep the light steady." An' down he scrambled like a cat. Leaning over the shaft we could see him bending over the motionless figure in the corner. He looked up, jerked the rope, an' shouted something-what we couldna exactly make out. "What is it? Speak louder, man," 1 called. " Is she alive ?" In muftled tones came back the answer, an' we could just distinguish, "Lower the light." It was done; then came another pause of what seemed to be interminable length, during which we could dimly descry that the doctor had taken the candle out o' the lantern an' was moving it slowly backwards and forwards before her face. He then, wi' what appeared to us above in all the agonies of inaction, most unfeeling deliberation, replaced it, raised her hand, held it for a moment, put it down gently, an' looked up again. Would the man never speak ? I could Btand the suspense no longer, but shouted out at the top o'my voice -"Is she alive?" The answer came, dis tinctly enough thiB time-"All right; she's alive, but only just alive. Lower more rope, and the ruga, and be quick about it." I looked round for Mr. Freere, who had moved away when the doctor went down. He was Bitting on a log at a little distance, wi' his elbows on his knees an1 his face buried in his hands. I went up an' touched him on the Bhoulder ; he looked at me vacantly, an' I saw that the perspiration was running off his forehead like water, an' he was breathing heavily. " Chper up, my lad," I said ; "cheer up, Bhe's alive, thank God, she's alive 1" He jumped to his feet like one shot, an' then burst out crying like a child. I made him take a jorum o' whisky on the spot, whicli speedily set him right again, an' then we shook hands wi' much heartiness an' went back to the others, who had already lowered the things an' were now eagerly awaitiug the word o' command from the doctor. "All right," came up from below. "Pull altogether, and evenly"-and gradually the doctor, sitting in a sort o' hammock he had made wi' the ropes an' ruga, an' holding Miss Marjorie in his arms, came to the surface. He laid her carefully on the ground, an* tried to force some brandy down her throat, but her teeth were clenched, an' it was no go. My heart misgave me when 1 looked at the bairn. Could it be that she had been given back to us from the vera jaws o' death but to be taken again ? For her face was like the face o' the dead, sunken it was and ghastly. Her blue eyes were open, fixed in an awful unseeing stare. There was a livid bruise on her temple, an' a gash across her head on which the blood had dried. Her hair was dank and thick wij green, slimy mud, as was also her habit, an' altogether I freely confess that it completely turned my whole maBk o' ttesh an' blood wi' apprehension just to look at her, " Concussion of ths brain," says the doctor, briefly. "Had case, I'm afraid. Must get her home as soon as possible." The men had tied together a rough kind o* litter, on tvhicb we placed Misa Marjorie, an' so we carried her back to Morundi. Jean had everything ready by the time we got there, an' ye may rest assured that everything that could be done for the bairn was done; but for many and many a weary day after that she just flickered betwixt life an' death, an' ofteu did we think that alter all we were bouud to lose her. But Miss Marjorie had naturally a fine constitution, au' had aye lived a healthy an' a rational life, so. finally, to our great joy, after a power o' sickness an' suffering she pulled through. An' it was wi' an extraordinary thankful heart that on Christmas morning 1 carried her out o' her room for the first time since the accident, an' laid her on the sofa in the drawingroom. Fur if she was but the white, weak wraith o' her old self, wasna she by that time on the high road to ultimate recovery? It was then that Miss Marjjrie told us how it was that she came to be in the shaft, so far out of the way, where but for Daddy we would never ha'd dreamed o' looking for her. Oil reaching the turn-up she had found the Morundi-road, an' the adjacent scrub to be on fire, BO she turned'to go home by the old deserted track, intending to cut across the bush, an' come out by the cultivation paddocks. When about half way a kangaroo had suddenly sprung across the track, the mare had {riven a tremendous shy, an' started bucking, an' had thrown her-she remembered falling, falling, an' then striking her head against something and then-no more, until she woke to find herself in her bed at home, wi' her bair all cut off, an' her mother reading by her side. 