ORIGINAL ARTICLES- MUSIC. By J.R. " Music hath charms to soothe the savage, To rend a rock or split a cabbage." So says Josh Billings, and, though some may be inclined to think this statement rather too strong, few will deny that the influence of music is very great. It is one of the most powerful stimulants which can be administered to mankind. It thrills the heart of the warrior with its martial strains and spurs him on to deeds of heroism; it steals upon the senses of the young and gay with its " voluptuous swell," and fills him with pleasure and delight ; or, like an angel messenger, it comes to the hardened criminal in the sweet evening hymn, and convinces of sin and awakens desires for a better life. The power of producing good music is one which should be prized and cultivated as a talent for which we must one day give an account, and there is no better use to which it can be applied than by contributing to the enjoyment of the members of our own- family, and making our homes cheerful and happy. What can he more delightful than to see a group of brothers and sisters gathered around the piano singing sweet melodies, or beating time to its music in a merry dance ? if such sights were more frequent we should see fewer young men lounging about our billiard rooms and dancing saloons, and the startling disclosures of vice and dishonesty, which come upon us every now and then, like thunder claps, would be considerably reduced in number. But, unfortunately, mothers and sisters seldom think of indulging in music at home, except on special occasions. The piano is kept in the drawing-room (a cold apartment which is only used when they receive visitors), and fre- quently is not opened for weeks together except for the necessary practice. Now, why not spend every evening in the drawing room ? or if that would not be convenient, why not bring the piano out into the ordinary sitting room, where it can be used whenever it is required and where all may share in its enjoyment. It is surely a strange thing that our -most precious possessions should be kept only for the benefit of persons who have no claims whatever upon our love or our attention. Still more marvellous is the practice of teaching- instrumental music to every child indiscriminately, without the slightest consideration for the fact that only a limited number are gifted with sufficient talent to enable them to become proficient at it. This is both foolish and cruel ; even where there is a genuine love for the art, the study of it is very irksome and tedious ; and where this is wanting it is simply misery, and the time and money which it absorbs might be much better expended in many other ways. If people valued music as a harmless amusement for their children, and a means of conferring pleasure on others, not as a something which must be learnt because it is the fashion and which enables them to shine in society, these errors in judgement would not occur, we should no longer see children forced to spend hours in an unpleasant occupation for which they have no natural aptitude, nor should we see young ladies eagerly seizing every chance to display their talents in public while those nearest and dearest to them are seldom benefitted by their accomplishment. Some one who believes that " brevity is the soul of wit " writes, " Don't eat stale Q-cumber ; they'll W up." An Irishman, seeing a Chinaman reading a Chinese book backward, as is their custom, exclaimed : " Johnny, are ye left- handed or only cross-eyed?" Mr. Mean well : "My friend, it makes my heart bleed to see you in this state." Mr. Toper - It'll make yer nose bleed, too, if yer don't move on." Father : " I never imagined, my boy," that your studies would cost me so much money." Student : " No, father, neither did I, and I don't study much either." Lodger: "Would you please to inform me -Ma'm, whether that was tea or coffee you brought me last night ?" Waitress : "I really cannot understand \- sir." Lodger : " Oh that is quite unnecessary ! I would only remark that, in case it was coffee; I should feel obliged if you would let me have tea in future ; but if it was tea, then I would henceforth prefer coffee, if it is all the same to you." A story is told of a shrewish Scotch- woman who tried to wean her husband from the public house, by employing her brother to act the part of a ghost, and frighten John on his way home. " Who are you ?" said the guideman, as the apparition rose before him from behind a bush. "I am Auld Nick." was the reply. "Come awa, man," said John, nothing daunted. " Gie's a shake o' your hand, I am married tae a sister o' yours." The deaths of Cardinal Newman and Canon Liddon are felt as serious losses by good men in all the churches. Even in our Presbyterian North they are mourned for as friends by vast numbers. This summer has also deprived us of Professor Duff of the United Presbyterian- hall, who leaves a great gap in his church and his city ; a man of strength and dignity of character such as is seldom met with. Professor Carnelley, of Aberdeen, has passed away, leaving a brilliant pro- mise of fame in the department of chemistry. Now we hear of another young scholar, Professor Big- ger, who occupied the chair of Oriental languages in Mayn College, London- derry, called to the unseen from the threshold of his earthly career. 