Sketcher. K:^ Mesmerism in the Orient VI ha vu aeon during tho last tw nty years i almost every hypnotist and mesmerist of note in America and in Europe. I have been ^permitted to carefully examine their per - formanoea and to note tho preciua effect pro duced upon the uubjocta by their manipulu .. tiona. With this experience I think I am ablo to judge whethor a performance of that \- ohoraoter ia well or poorly done, uud I say to 'you that there wore ton yearn ago, and l.pro BUme are now, in Indian luudinuriBta whose performances transcend in wonder the com oinod eiforts of Huuh o£ their Cariminu rivals as I have over seen. Lut me dcauribo one performance. It was in Scounderabad ia 1S78, and it too1! pluco in tho broad corridor of tho palace of Salcr Jung, thoNyzain. I was onu of a party of Englishmen, umong whom -were Dr. Crawford, surgeon of the Jiritinh army, and Mr. John HodgkinB, formerly an oiliccr in .Her Majesty's -Lancers, but uc that time in the employ of an English Bunking and Com mercial firm in Hong Kong. AVo were in ; tho front ranks of tho Spectators, noarly ail of whom were Europoans. After wo had waited a fow minutes, fanning ourselves, for tho day was opprosBively hot, tho fakirs raado their, appearance. There wero eight in the * party. An old 'man, with squiliuo feuturcs a patriarchal whlce beard and a pair of flushing blook oyos, was tho leader. TT'V wife, h. pretty little woman, young enough to be his daughter, was his chief assistant, uud tnu six rumuimng men served as subjects ; uud undor-aseistants. ' ?? I had heard much about tho wondorf ul pt r : formances of this partioulur band of fakirs, as all intinerant performers aro generally termed, and thus when I received the in vitation of tho palace authorities I was de lighted to ucoept it. But I must admit that all tho praise 1 had hoard seemed faint and cold after I had soon all that was to bo econ. It was, tailing it all in all, tha most wonder ful performance of tho sortuny of our party had over witnessed. After the fakirs arrived they proooedod at once to basineaa. Tho old man bound a ban dage tightly round tho, forehead of ono of his ; young roon, placing a Binull wedgo shapod pioeo of pith under tho oloth and di reotly butweon the oyos. Then ho handed him u small round mirror, telling him to piano it in his hand and gaze upon itintontly., i'his tho young mundid. Moan while tho other fakirs made a circle partially around him, droning a monotonous chant that ran Home thing us follows : — ' Ram, ram, amaram, aiiiiirain, ram, Amaram, amaram, amaram, ram,' . This was ropoated over and over again in sing-song tones, rcBombling tho distant hum of a hive of bees, and whou tho uhuut was ended we wcro nearly as drowsy ub tho poor -Bubioot was. Dirootly tho song was finishpd wo started from our lethargy, and brought our lagging senses tc bear upon tho victim of this ro markablo incantation. Ho was lying on the parlour iloor, to nil uppoaninees dead. His .face was of tho ghastly pallor of tho tomb. His arms, legs uud fingora wore aa though they had beon suddenly turned to ioo. His 'blood seemed to have been frozen on a day when wo living spectators wore almost suffo oatod by tho heat. . . Wo felt his fingers. Thoy wore ns rigid as though modolled from marble.. Dr. .Crawford raised his eyelids. Tho pupil hud been upturned, and nothing but tho white was visible. Tho doctor oxumined his heart and felt his pulse. His blood had stopped Mowing through his voins. To make the tost evon more complete the dootor stoppod his nostrils, his eyes, his card and mouth with a thick, putty-liko paBto, that made breathing an impossibility. In ovcry pro vlous mesmeric or hypnotic oxporimont I had /witnossod tho subject always urouthed, Nowoumosomo further tests, and oruol ones thoy wore too. Largo bodkins woro thrust entirely through tho palms of his hand, and ho novor moved a muscle ;Nolthor did a singlo drop of blood follow tho -withdrawal of the steel. This prodding was repeated upon his ohoeka, his finger-points, his thighs und arms, with prooisely the same results. Then tho old muu took a glowing coal of burning charcoal from his pot and planed it on the upturned palm of his unoon ? ' soious subject. A'j last tho doctor forced tho old man to removo the coal, for fear that it : might do tho young man aomo permanent in - T-: .The subject was then turned ovor to tho doctor's oaro. The_ physician made overy effort known to medioal soienoe to rosusoitato him, all for naught. After ho hod been in : this trance for nearly an hour, tho old fakir .made some wide-spreading passes cvor his -body, with his arms, and leanod baok to watch ;tho result. A shiver passes ovor tho subject's form, and a grim smile of triumph curlod theoorners of tho old man's mouth. Wo gathered around tho prostrate man, and watched him until wo grow aiolt at heart and felt faint. Suoh torture, suoh horriblo agony rX never before beheld on a human being's faoe. His foaturea woro twisted and dis '. tortod out ; of all human rosemblanoa. His limbs beoamo knotted, and ho writhed into a thousand different shapes from his fingor- tips ; to his toes. After five minutes, that seemed touaunttgo, he opoued his eyes, rubbed the moisturi from hid forohead, and sat up as ono who was dazed. A minute later he ; rose and took his place among the others as though nothing whatever had happened. 0 While this was very wonderful, the old -SKi. Prooeodedl.t? astonish us still more. ;c-Withnopnoto help him eavo the singers and their chant, of his own volition ho throw himself into tho samo marvellous state. - Wo 'repeated the same experiments upon him ?that we had done in tho first instance. Wo 1 drove steels through his limbs, and soorohed i the palm of his hand with a living ooal. We ?topped up his nostrils, ears, eyes, and mouth ,'and then tho dootor worked on him for half an hour or more. The effeot of death was in 4°™J oasemoropronounood than in tho former. y^Tne natural pallor of tho old man's face, ;;lus flowing white hair and boa»d, mado him ! appear like tho carved ftguroof somo old In -, atun chieftain in ono of tlio royal burial f grounds. It impressed ns as though wo jweroin the prosence of actual death, and wo instinctively spoke in whispers. .-???-. ;/-;When the doctor was tired ho turned the body ovor to tho woman, who made certain -.passes over it, and slowly and terribly the old man regained his souses. That ondod ttnis performance, tho like of which I havo never personally seen equalled. Tho old man , was said to bo the only member of this par ijtlpnlar party who could throw himself Into this tranoe, if I may so call it, nnd his wife |was the only ono who had tho power to brimr R=hinj to lifo. Without 'jor holp lio would re v,main in that condition for an indefinite poriod. S-Bome of tho natives claim that ho eould sloop ©SB* dreamloss sloop foreonturies and then ij?ibrought to life. However that may be, &WA;& ottitt. undoubtedly remain unconscious fc;P?werful agent reoallod his dormant ncnses. *^rf?V? r?1 m°ntnsl«Jor. during the samayoar I .jVlrited Lunknow, the gue»t oE Col. Sir Alton, ; Medley, whose niooo afterwards beoamo my i wife. Wo were ontortainod by Col. .Tonkins h commander of tho British forces', at tho : Chuddurmumzil Club, of which tho Colonel V'.was tho Nooretnry. Ono ovouing I rolatod i,-. to tho colonel tho cxporienco I have just i-'.dosoribcd, when ho proeoedod to toll ma of ;' ono that rooontly happened in Luoknow, tho ?^.truth of which ho vouched for. This is the colonel's story : — S rfln 187', I think ho snid, a party of fakirs, :; possibly tho samo ones I had soon, for their description tallied closely with that of my acquaintance, visit-id the colonel's quarters . and g*vo an exhibition of their almost supor i human powers. The old man throw himsolf » '*llu« in ? sitting or rather squatting position into a trance, and his assistants proceeded to place his tongue far back in his mouth. Then they swathed his body with bandages, as a mummy is prepared for tho tomb. They tilled his ears, eyes, mouth, and nostrils with paste, and banduged his face and nock, arms and chest, ua they hu£ done tho lower part of the body. When this was donu he was turned o ver to the colonel. Mind you, all this was been done in the presence of the colonel and his officers. There wad and could be no deception in it. The colonel had had adeep hole dug in tho barrack yard, and in this ho placed tho ban daged fakir, after lh-bt putting him into a box sheathed with' metal, and hermetically sealed. Tno earth was spread over this box, and tho grave wus pluced under guard of a squad of soldiers, livery pecond of tho time, auy and night, for forty days tho grave wus under guard. Tho box co uld not ha vo been meddled with by any human being und have escaped detection. At the end of that period tho box was exhumed and opened, tho body wns un swathed, and a woman breathed upon its fuco und passed her lmuda over his limbs, and, pruciuoly us I have da scribed before, tho man came to life, apparently none tho wnrno for his long buriul. How much longor ho could huvo romuinod underground of course I can not toll. Ali I know is that ho certuinly was buried, and remained thcro forty days with out uir, food, or drink. There uru inuny stories current in India upropos of such phenomena, but these two arc ull that Icun vouch for during the fifteen yours cf my residence in that land of mystery, I have never seen or heard of suoh experiments' being produced by an Amerieun or European performer. What the secret may be I shall leave to you to deoide. I havo described to you what I havo seen with ay own oyos, and n'hut I have rocoived on ovidonco that can not bo impoached. You may explain it as you pleaso. If you can do it satisfactorily, you will do more than I havo over been ablo to io.—l'rof. JicUttr. in llw Xcw York World. The Spectre's Shameful Conduct. Farmer Coombos told us of a vory curious sil'uir thut took placo at an old mill onco kept by his brother-in-law. It uppoared thut, years ago, u wioked miser had lived in this mill, and had died, leaving ull his monoy, so it was rumoured, hidden somowhercabout tho place. Naturally, everyone -who hud sinoo come to tho mill hud tried to find tho treasure but no ono had over suococded. Mr. Coombos'a brother-in-law had not troubled himself much about tho matter, thinking the whole story just as likely as not to bo som: village goBsip ; but, of courso, thcro was tho possi bility of its boing .truo : and whon, ono moonlight night, Mr. Coombes's brothorin luw woke up and saw tho shadowy figure of a wizened little old man in knoe brooches and a pigtail standing at the foot of tho bud, ho not unreasonably jumped to tho conclusion that it wus tho ghost of tho miserly millor come to tell him whore tho gold lay hid. So, on TUB AIT.UUTIO.V moving towards tho door, Mr. Coombos's brother-in-law put on his trousers and fol lowed it. Tho ghost wont downstairs into tho kitchon, glided ovor and stood in front of the hearth, sighed, and disappeared. Next morningCoombos'sbrothor-iuliiwliudacouplo of bricklayers in, and mado thorn haul out tho stove and pull down tho ohimnoy, while he stood bohind with a bag in which to put the monoy. They knookeel down tho wall and never found so much as a fourponny bit. Coombos's brothor-in-law did not know what to think. Tho noxt night tho apparition ap pearod again, and again led tho way into tno tltohen. This time, however, instead of go ing to tho firoplaoe, it stood moro in the mid dlo of tho room, and sighed thoro. ' Oh, I soo what ho means now,' said Ooomboa's brother-in-law to himself; 'it's under tho floor. What did Till! OLD FOOL want to go and stand up against tho hearth for, and mako mo think it wus in tho ohimnoy ? So thoy spont tho noxt day in taking up tho kitchon floor ; but tho only thing thoy found was a throo prongodfork, and tho handle of thiit was broken. On tho third night tho ghost reappeared, quito unabashed, and for a third timo mado ior thokitohen. Arrived there, tho phantom lookod up at the coiling and vanished. ' Uraph ! ho don't seem to to havo learned muoh sonso whore's ho's bcon to,' muttered Coombos's rolutlvo as ho trottod back to bod; 'I should have thought hp might havo dono that at first.' Still, thoro was no doubt whoro the treasure lay; and, the first thing after breakfast, they started pulling down the coiling. They got every inch of tho coiling down, and they took up tho boards in tho room above They discovered about as much treasure as one would expeot to find in an empty quart pot. NIOIIT AFTBB NiailT did tho spectral old fraud appear to poor Coombos' a brother-in-law, andlurj him into looking for tho hidden wealth in a different plaoo caoh day. At- tho end of threo weeks there was'not a room in tho mill fit to livo in. Every wall had beon half pulled down, every floor had been token up, every coiling had had a hole knocked in it. And then, as sud denly as thoy hadbogun, tho ghost's visits ceased, and Coombes's brother-in- law was loft in poaco to rebuild the plaoo at his leisure. To give any reason for the spectre's biiameful coxDuor, Mr. Coombes professed himself unable. Some thought that tho ghost of the wicked old miser had beon having a joke, while others held tho apparition to be that of somo deceased local plumber and glazier, who would nat urally - take an interest in seeing a house knookei about and spoilt. .But no body know anything forocrtain. — Jiroms I,, Jerome, in Tiiisley's Magazine. 