THE Courting of DM Shadd Br RUDYARD KIPLING. {Continued from Ko. S3.) "DID I ever tell you how Dinah Shadd came to be wife av mine ? " I dissembled a burning anxiety that I had felt for some months—ever-since Dinah Shadd, the strong, the patient, and the infinitely tender, had of her own good love and free will washed a shirt for me, moving in a barren land where washing was not. "I can't remember," I said casually. " Was it before or aft»* yon made lore to Annie Bragin and got no satisfaction ? " The story of Annie Bragin is written in another place. It js one ctf the many episodes in Mulvaney's chequered career, ""Before—before—longbefore, was that business av Anni^ Bragin an' the corp'ril's ghost. "Never woman was the worse for ine whin I had married Dinah. There's a time for all jfcbings, an' "I know how to i.-mll .iMagp: ia place-^-b&mn;' the ;iâiatfepea"më minypïaoé wîdno hope àv comin' to be aught else." ^Begm.afc tiie beginning," I insisted. " Mrs. Mulvaney told me that you married her when you were quartered in Krab Bokhar barracks." " An' the same is a cess-pit," said Mulvaney, piously. " She spoke throe, did Dinah. 'Twas this way. TaUdn' av that, have ye iver fallen in love, sorr ? " I preserved the silence of the -damned. Mulvaney continued— " Thin I will assume that ye have not. I did. In the days av my youth, as I have more than wans't tould you, I was a man that filled the eye an' delighted the eowl av women. Never man was hated as I have bin. îîever man was loved as I— no, not within half a day's march av ut ! For the first five years av my service, whin I was what I wud give my sowl to be new, I tuk whatever was widin my reach an' digested ut—an 1 that's more than most men can say. Dhrink I tuk, an' ut did me no harm. By the hollow av hiven, I cud play wid four women at wanet, an' kape them from findin' out anythin.' about the other three, an 9 smile like a full-blown marigold through ut all. Dick Coulhan, av the battery, we'll bave down on us tonight, could drive his team no better than I mine, an' I hild the worser cattle ! An' so I lived, an' so I was happy till afther that business wid Annie Bragin—she that turned me off as cool as a meat-safe, an' taught me where I stud in the mind av an honest woman. take. 'Twas no sweet dose to " Afther that I sickened awhile an' tuk bought to my reg'mental work ; conceiting mesilf I wud study an' be a saigint an' a major-gineral twenty minutes afther that. But on top ov av my ambitiousness there was an empty place in my sowl, an' me own opinion, av mesilf cud not fill ut. Sez I to mesilf : ' Terencc, you're a great man an' the best set up in the reg'- nient. Go on an' get promotion.' Sez mesilf to me", 'vhafc for!' Sez I to mesilf : ' For the gloiy have ut ! ' Sez mesilf to me : 'Will that fill these two strong arrums av yours, Terence ? ' 'Go to the devil,' sez I to mesilf. 'Go to the married lines,' sez mesilf to me.' "Tie the same thing,' sez I to mesilf. ' Av you're the same man, ut is,' said mesilf to me ; an 1 wid that I considhered on ut a long while. Did -you iver feel that way, sorr ?" _ _ I snored gently, knowing that if Mulvaney were uninterrupted he would go on. The clamour of the bivouac fires beat up to the stare as the rival singers of the cojnpanies were pitted, against each other. ." So I felt that way, an* a bad time ut was. "Wapst bein' a fool I wint int» the married lines more for the sake av spakin' to our ould colour-seigint Shadd, than for any thruck wid wimmen folk. I was a corp'ril then—rejuced afthenrards, but a corp'ril then. Fve a photograft av mesilf to prove ut. ' YouH take a cup av tay, wid us? ' sez he. 'I will that,' I sez, ' tho' tay is not my divarsion.' f 'Twud be better for you if ut were,' £$£ wdd Mother Shadd, an' she had ought laiow for Sb^ddj in the ind av his service, dhrank bung full efichjiighL " Wid that I Ink off my gloves—there's was pipe-clay in thim, go that they stood alone—an* pulled up my chair, lookin' round at tie china ornamintB &tt;' bits av things in the Shadds' quartets. They wei» ibines belonged to a man, an' no junpklt, hare to-day an' dishipated next * You're comfortable iiis place, / says L ' 'Tis the wife that did pointm'the stemav hls father Shadd, ^Saf^iS»' w Mi beM headupon . » JJyit minute yomrants money,'"«às ehe". v "An 3 tinn-inn' 01m, ytiûn ffcé terih mm IO'IM filled, Dinah «ante in—njj- *' waited/ap to , thé Wfi Stae eyes beneath r n ier 'Hjet two t&b.; l^tel&m; a™ -^'jjjfe.^aop^i^^^t in p a n (HHEBHJWIPBHrTSR: looked at a picture forninst the wall. Never show a woman that ye care a snap av a finger for her, an' begad she'll come bleatin' to your boot-heels." "I suppose that's why you followed Annie Bragin till everybody in tie married quarters laughed at you," said I, remembering that unhallowed wooing and casting off the disguise of drowsiness. " I'm layin* down the gin'ral theory av the attack," said Mulvaney, driving his foot into the dying fire. "If you read the Soldier's Pocket Book, which niver any soldier reads, youH see that there are exceptions. Whin Dinah was out av the door (an' 'twas as tho* the sunlight had gone too)—'Mother av hiven' sergint,' says I, but is that your daughter ? ' ' Ive believed that way these eighteen years,' says ould Shafld, his eyes twinklin', * but Mrs. Shadd lias her own opinion like iv'ry other woman.' ' 'Tis wid yours this time, for a mericle,' sez Mother Shadd. * Thin why in .the name of fortune did I niver see her before ? ' sez I. * Betase you've been thrapesin' round wid the married women those three years past. She was a bit av a child till last year, an'she Bhot up wid the spring,' see ould' Mother Shadd. .Til thrapesé nojmoip/wzl. 'D'you mane that?' sez ould Mother Shadd, lookin' at me side-ways like a hen looks at à hawk when the chickens are runnin' free. ' Try me, an' tell,' sez I. - Wid that I pulled on my gloves, dhrank off the tea, an' went out av the house as stiff as at gen'ral p'rad, for well I knew that Dinah Shadd's eyes were in the small av my hack out av the scullery window. Faith ! that was the only time I mourned I was not a cav'l'jy man for tie sake av the spurs to jingle. "I wint out to think, an* I did a lot av thinkin', but ut all came round to that shlip av a girl in the dotted blue dhress, wid the blue eyes an' the eyarkil tn them. Thin I kept off canteen, I kept to the married quarthers or by on the chanst av meetin' Dinah. Did I meet her ? Oh, my time past, did I not, wid a lump in my throat, as big as my valise, an* my heart goin' like a farrier's forge on a Saturday morning ! ' Twas ' Good day to ye, Miss Dinah,' an' Good day t'you, corp'ril,' for a week or two, an' divil a bit further could I get bekaze av the respict I had to that girl that I cud ha' broken betune finger an' thumb." Here I giggled as I recalled the gigantic figure of Dinah Shadd when she handed me my shirt. " Ye may laugh," grunted Mulvaney. " But I'm speakin' the trut', an' 'tis you that are in fault. Dinah was a girl that that would ha' taken the imperioustiess out of the Duchess av Clonmel in those days. Flower-hand, foot av shod air, an' the eyes av the mornin' she had. That is my wife to-day—ould Dinah, and never aught else than Dinah Shadd to me. " 'Twas after three weeks'" standin' off an' on, an' niver rnakin' headway excipt through the eyes, that a little drummerboy grinned in me face whin I had admonished him wid the buckle av my belt for riotin' all over the place. 1 An' I'm not the only wan that doesn't kape to barricks,' sez he. I tuk him by the scruff av his neck—my heart was hung- on a hair-thrigger those days, you well understand—an' 'Outwid ut,' sez I, 'or I'll lave no bone av you unbreakable.' 'Speak to Dempsey,' sez he, howling. 1 Dempsey which?' sez I, 'Ye unwashed limb of Satan.' ' Of the Bob-tailed Dhragoons,' sez he. 'He's seen her home from her aunt's house in tie civil lines four times this fortnight. ' ' Child Î ' sez I dhropphig him,-' Your tongue's stronger than your body, tïo to your quarters. I'm sony I dhressed you down. 'At that I went four ways to wanst hunisn' Dempsey. I was mad to think that wid all my aire among women I shud ha' been chated by a basin-faced fool av a cavl'ry man not fifc to teupt on a mulethrunk. Prssintly I found him in pur lines—the Bobtails was quartered nest us —an'a tallowy, top-heavy son av a" she mule he was wid hiii big brass spurs an' his plaçfcrons on his' epigastons an' all. But he niver flinched a hair. A word wid yon, Dempsey,' sez I. ' You've walked witii Dinah Shadd four tames this fortnight gone.' " 'What's that to youî ' sez he. « Fll walk forty times more, an' forty on topav that, ye shovel-futted, clod-brakia' infantry lance- corp'riL ' " Before I cud gyaard he had his gloved fist home on my week, an' down Iwent full sprawL 'Will that content you?' sez he, blowin' on his knuckles for all the world like a Scots Greys orfcer. * Contint ! ' sez 1. ' For your own sake, man, take off your spurs—peel your jacket an' on 1 glove. Tis the begfeœm'' av the overture ; stand .up]* \- " He «tnd &I1; he know ; but he niver peeled his jacket, an* his shoulders had no fair play. 1 Was fightin' for Dinah Shadd an' that cut on my cheek. What hpj« had he forninBt me? 'Stand up,' sez I, tame' «a' again whm he was beginnin' to quarter die ground an' gy&rd; high ai)' go Isige. - 'This isn't ridin- Bchool,' see I. Or mao, stand up an' let me get at ye.' But whii I eaw he wud be runnin' ttftout, I grap Jtie shtock in my left qp\ his waist-fcelt in my fight swung him to ïny right front, head undhcr, be hammero? ïpy tijl wind «as k&pokpdot;^av him in Ae bare ground. ' Stand up,' sez I,' ' or I'll kick your head into your chest,' and I wud ha' done ut too, so ragin' mad I was. * My collar-bone's bruk,' sez he. 'Help me back to lines. IH walk wid her no more.' So I helped him back." "And was his collar-bone broken ?" I asked, for I fancied that only Learoyd could neatly accomplish that terrible throw. " He pitched on his left shoulder- point. It was. Next day the news was in both barracks, an' whin I met Dinah Shadd, wid a cheek like all the reg'mintal tailors' samples, there was no 'Good mornin', corp'ril,' or aught else. * An' what have I done, Bliss Shadd,' sez I, very bould, plantin' mesilf forninst her, 'that ye should not pass tie time of day ? " " ' Ye've half-killed rough-rider Dempsey,' sez she, her dear blue eyes fillin* up. " ' May be,' sez I. ' Was he friend av yours that saw ye home four times in a fortnight? ' "'Yes,' sez she, very bould, but her mouth was down at the corners. ' An'— an 1 what's that to you f ' - " ' Ask Dempsey,* sez I, purtendin' to go^away." - J / '"Did you fight for me then, ye silly man?' she sez, tho' she knew ut all along. " ' Who else ? ' sez I, an' I tuk wan pace to the front. " ' I wasn't worth ut,' sez she, fingerin' in her apron. " ' That's for me to say,' sez L Shall I say ut Î ' "'Yes,'sez she in a saint's whisper, an' at that I explained mesilf ; and she tould me what ivry man that is a man, an' many that is a woman, hears wanst in his life. " ' But what made ye cry at startin 1 , Dinah darlin' ? ' sez I. " ' Your—your bloody cheek,' sez she, duckin' her little head down on my sash (I was duty for the day) an' wliimperin' like a sorrowful angeL " Now a man cud take that two ways. I tuk ut as pleased me best an' my first kiss wid ut. Mother av Innocence ! but I kissed her on the tip av the nose an' undlier the eye, an' a girl that lets a kiss come tumble-ways like that has never been kissed before. Take note of liât, sorr. Thin we wint hand in hand to ould MotherShadd like two little childher, an' she said it was no bad thing, an' ould Shadd nodded behind his pipe, an' Dinah' ran away to her own room. That day I throd on rollirr' clouds. All earth was too small to hould me. Begad, I cud ha' picked the sun out av the sky for a live coal to my pipe, so magnificent I was. But I tuk recruities at squad - drill', an' began with general battalion advance whin I shud ha' been balance-steppin' em. Eyah ! that day ! that day ! " A very long pause. "Well ? " said I. "It was all wrong," said Mulvaney, with an enormous sigh. "An' sure 1 know that ev'ry bit av it was my own foolishness. That night I tuk, maybe, the half av three pints—not enough to turn the hair of a man in his natural senses. But I was mere than half drunk wid pure joy, an' that cantecn beer was so much whisky to me. I can't tell how it carue about, but bekaze I had no thought for anywan except Dinah, bekaze I hadn't slipped her little white arms from my neck five minutes, bekaze the breath of her kiss was. not gone from my mouth, I must go through the married lines on my way "to quarters an' I must stay talkui' to a redheaded Mullengar heifer, av a girl,' Judy Sheehy, that was daughter to Mother Sheehy, the wife of Nick Sheehy, the canteen-sergint—the black curse av Shie- Iygh be on tie whole brood that are above groun' this day ! (To be continued.) « AH» THIN, WH1K THE KITTLE WAS TO BE PTLTED, DINAH CAME IS—MY DINAH. 