GREAT PRODUCTION OF MACBETH. — A Jootliorpe as Old Mac. FLOSSIE TAKES THE CAKE. (See Ir.r.us'i'kation.) "When it was understood tho Brno staff wore about to produce ilfuebeift-thero was in tense excitement 111 literary circles, The main difficulty aroso through choosing tho licro of tho play. Tlio Old 'Un objected to i be caste l'or tlio Highland Chief, in fact ho swore ho would not bo cast at all. Tho Booster uttered unheard-of oaths, and swore by tlio hump of tho sacred cainol lio . would play nothing but Duncan. After; mature consideration and consul- ' tation with tho Boss, it was decided to engage Joothorpo to play Macbeth. TI10 oxponso was a severe item in the produc- - t-ion, and Joe's portly form was' .rathor to ponderous, for tho part, but I10 undcr- . took, after the contract was signed, to go in for wasting., Tho'procluctioh had to bo postponed for three weeks in order that Too might get off sufficient flesh.-' : Eventually tlio cast was decided upon as follows : — Duncan, King of Scotcliland, Tlio Old 'Un ; Malcolm, Tho Emu ; Mac- . both,. Joothorpo; Banquo, ' Smiler (his ghost, Tho Oof Bird) j Macduff, Tho Boss ; I.:uly Macbeth, Flossio Fowclobhos. Booster was sworn in as 'prompt-o'r. Tho Thrco IVitchos wcro'givon over to Early Bird, Tlio Tapeworm, and Lemon Budding. There was a row between tlio trio as to ; who should bo witcli and witch, but tho Bird eventually scooped tho pool, and played first old hag. Tlio . rohoaraals were well attend d, the most unfortunate part of tho business being that the performers insisted upon turning up at unreasonable hours, consequently there wevo never more than two peoplo on tho stage at tho same time. Tho Stand Hard Theatre wns engaged for tho initial performance, and there was such a .demand for seats that a now wing had to bo built. Tliroo hundred men on striko were engaged to c-rnct it, and they, worked with a will, not jbohig ablo to use' their hands. Tlio scono in tho theatre whon the curtain was rung up was one of tlio most exciting over witnessed iu this or auy othor house. . : The orchestra was conducted- by- tho Hartist, wlio handled his stick with tlio P. greatest ability/ Mr. "W". B. Best presided at tho fluto, and tho cornet was- blown by steam powor. Tho scenery had been specially paiiitod for thejoceasion. It was woird and wild, and luiB ovidently taxed tho inuigihative- poworsjof the operator to' '11110 utmost. Tho ijpponiug scono brought -"down tho liouso,-- including tho chandelier. Tho three witches got a bit mixed. . shall wo 'tim0o7-me'et again", liowlod 'Early Bird in his character -as First Bitch (l>o had a cold, and s'holp mo, lio . said Bitch. — Art Critic). " After tho Motrop.," groaned the Second Witch, wlio was ovidontly thinking of settling day or Adams' swoop. . : - " When the hurly-buriy's dono," yelled the Booster, who acted arf promptor. "Oh, sliiit up, "howled tho Bird., -. " Anon,' ' said Witch Three. ' , " Let the bally curtain down," roavod the Bird. It foil. So did tlio property man. SCENE II. ExTF.aroa of Joethokfk'b Castle (Thrco Star). Duncan Old 'Un, Esq. : " What bloody . man is that ?" (Exact copy from text. — \- Art Critic.) Malcolm Emu Stop swearing, old pal ; this is a respectable house." Duncan hit out, and Malcolm was floored. Exit corpse for a reviver. Curtain. / ' SCENE III. A Blarsted Heath. E. B. Fi-b "Witcli: "Where liast thou been, Sister P" Second Witch : " Sticking pigs." Third Witch: "A drum, a drum. Joothorpo dotli come." E. 13. Witch : " Who keeps a drum ?" \ Prompter Booster : " Get 011 with tho 1 bqlly pioco ; it's half-past eleven now." Macbeth Joothorpo : So foul and — and — and — . Booster: "Go on, man." Macbeth Joey : All right, old pal" (Sensation.).- ' Witches : .. " Hail.! Hail ! Hail ! " Macbeth : " It's a- bally lie, it don't hail : a bit. Why stopjx-st thou my way upon this blarstecl bit of turf." First Witch : "Tliou shalt ' got. Kings." Banquo : " Nofca blossod one, they were all Jocks last- night": Orclidstra. plays up and drowns with sweetoiib sound tlio execrations of tlio audioneo'.. (Tho curtain dropped. , So did - the prompter.- Art Critic.) : Three scouos wore omitted .because the mechanical cftccts were out of order. S PTE Y. - Topcoat House, Joetiioiu>e's Pub \- Enter Flossie (reading a letter). "Another and another. Throw poison to tho rata, I'll none. of it. To bo or is it. Canst .Minister to a too diseasod." Booster (in agony): "Oh, heck. Drop - it, Flossie." Flossie Macbeth : "Blarmmo if- 1- ain't , got hold of tho wrong letter." : - "Enter Messenger," continued our only " lovo. Booster :"D it, what yor up to. Messengor was entoi-ed for tho Trial Stakes a week ago." ; Macbeth' (camo on . at wrong sido) : " My dearest lovo, tho Old'Un comes here to-night." ' Flossio Macbeth : "Tho douce he does ! " Full stop of ten minutes. ' - Flossio: "I will pi-occod no further in tho matter." Curtain.. A consultation was held, and it was de cided to g-ivo tlio house another show at tlio witch scone. Tho effect was electrical. Early Bird strung on to a-wiro, botched Lemon Pud- , ding in tlio face with his off-side boot, and the. Tapeworm fell iiito tho soup turcon, which - " bubbled, bubbled, toil and troubled" a moss of -potago such as neither " ho saw " or any other man saw. Tho row was oi-f ul. ; (Art Critic.), Amid all tlio confusion tho face of; tho Booster was discovered, peering through tlio moon. " v , 'I Shako not those: gory -locks . at -me," libwlod tlio Tapeworm. ; _ .. - - .... "Hi.t him on- tlio 'od,"\ scrc'ocliod Early Bird. -i_ ; " 'lYl.utt's in my face P" 'pitdbusly wailod „ Lomoii 'Puddiiig. \- The Hartist was observed-sketching on his music-pad, and liis efforts aro to bo soon iu a fidl-pago illustration \- the mubdeb scene. Enter Joey, sharpening tho office scis- ... . soi-3. No words wore- used in this act. . - ' The Old 'Un, clothed in sackcloth and- . aslies; lies on tho.baro:boards. . . — \- Joo props liim with tho shears. Kosiilt: A. deep groan on tlio- time-payment system from tlio Old 'Un. Joo steals ' softly up tlio stairs. . Ho'd steal, any thing. Ho .did it neat. No ap-.- plauso. Sovontoon acts wero ommittedhero. FLOSSIE WITH A CANDLE. The sleep-walking Ecelia was a groafc success. Flossie's costume fetched 'em. She had secured a neat mosquito not, with which she enveloped her shapely -form. Tlio candle in her hand was borrowed from \- her undo. 'Twos all he could give her. Tlio sousat-ion sho caused was spasmodic. "When sho oponod her moutli thcro was a /silent groan from the house. t " Damn this spot. Blest if I can wash ' 'it out," began Flossie. "Hell's murkey ! 'Chuck mo 'Pears' soap to swooton this littlo foot. Put on your nightgown." "Abo.it time you put something on," '-came in sepulchral tones from tho rear of 'the gallery. Flossio Macboth : ." To bed, to bed. To bod, to bed." L Early Bird could restrain himself no longer. Mo swooped ou to tho .stago . and expressed liis willingness to go. Tlio Old 'Un forgetting that Jooy had .slabbed liim - with tho olfis ' shears, rushed on i.o the platform and said, "I "fdavo do all, Flossie, old pal, that may '.gjbccomc a man, who dure do nioro is' 110:10." j - Flossio: "What's dono cannot bo un- i;dono.", ; Early Bird : "There is nothing undone .yet, and r.'lieip me from tho look ol'.yor 'jogs there ain't much to undo." 1; .-Frco1 Fight.- Tlio 'Boosor "stands boors - -''(unpaid for.) ' 'j: It was now tln-oo A.M., and- Bo.ostor v- iswpvoho'd prompt no moro. - . -1 a- Ij " Wo. must have. tlio bally. duholl scene," said the Boss. "I ain't aiipeared yot." . ! ".Mind yor. don't got lcilb -wid tlie-cold," .paid Early Bird. . . | " Look lioro, Mac., you just givo it Joey .--for. jamming 1110 with tlio shears," said tho - Old 'U11. il ' tiris.uo-wklii scktfe, Boss Macduff seized on an old rusty . sword and marched on to tho- stago. ; Joo Macboth clutched a frying pan; and mot iis opponent laco to faco; v " Yield thco, coward!" said Joo. ' "That's my part," howled tho Boss.. D it, yer don't want all the fat. Blest if . I can got a lino in." ' " I will not yield to kiss tho ground be fore young Emu Malcolm's foet," said -Joo. - Yor. can . bally well kiss what you liko," . - "said "Boss Macduff. ' It's not the first : '.timo you'vo had to bite tho dust." ' "Lay on MacccryDuff," roarod Joo, "and damned be lio who first cries , hold — hold — hold— Booster, in-omptly: " Enough, you old ass." Joe - Macbeth strodo off tlio ' stago, and . bashed Booster on tlio head witli his frying- pan. . : " Enough, yo beast. - Tako that and bo scuttled," and - tlien. Joo walked 011: again to renew his combat with Boss Macduff. , They fought furiously. Sparks -flow. The handle' camo off Joo's pan. ' " By tho lord Harry, Boss, hold on. I'vo . forgot 1110 great scono." The house was breathless. . Joe sat down and commenced — ; ' ,! " Is this a daggor brand I sco before me, . : :corkscrow;.. towards ino- liand. Come, lot's : -. clutch tiieb." ' . " Not Abib of it," yelled Flossie from' v tho wing'3. . -j- . " Oh, you're fly," said Joo. . , - , " I'm not in tho flies, you ballidiob," she retorted. . '.'Hiul I the wings ot a clove, siobbored Jooy. :" Yon'ro a flat," booliod Flossie. The theatro was empty.. A free fight \- took place, and eventually .Joe Macbeth ; .demanded liis fcos for the part ho had " undertaken. Tho Boss , l-ushod tho till. Alas! tlio paper was all "stiff," Ho fled into tho 1 sli'Sot forgetful that lio still had liis Mac- .tluff togs on. He was promptly run in for 'indeeont exposure. £'i 10s, or a month. Ho paid. _ Joo took the fi-yingpan homo as lio thought it would come in handy in tho cookinglino. lie was apprehended and charged with 'theft, lio got off. Tho pan cvontually gob on — tho fire. Flossio was fined 5s or 2-4 hours for ' inff m the street, A drum, a drum." Sho took it out — -tho 24 hours! . _ Booster took tho moon; homo with him. Early Bird collared tho French horn and too.c it homo. It's thoro still. Tho Old _ Un could not find his pants and had to . sloop on the sconery. Lomon Pudding and ' the Tapeworm carried eacii. other home. The Stand Hard Thusitro is "To Lot." Cards for tho funoi-jil at Messrs. Dead Bird, Stiekitmi, and'- Sin!>pot's No. 000 Chalk-street. Mom.— Torres Straits Bloomer 'please copy- 