TBE Urban Water Trust committee met on Friday evening. The hon. secretary read correspondence from Mooroopna Trust re cost of works, A-c., which was considered very satisfactory, and lie was requested to write to tile- Railway Commissioners asking them to appoint a date when it would be convenient for them to receive a deputation, who would be prepared to offer suggestions with regard to the lease or purchase of the Departruent s plant at Elmore, with a view to the proposed trust supplying the railway famlr with water.' LECTURE OH FRDIT CCLTCRR. Mr. D. A- Crichtoo will visit Elmore on the 25th lnst, for the purpose of giving lecture. His subject will be " Fruit Culture as an .Agricultural Industry." Tlie local agricultural association, under whose auspices the lecture will begiven, will, through tfceir secretary, give farther information prior to the lecture. MR. R. K. THOMAS has been gazetted member of the North riding Shire of Huntly Board of Advice. Os Sonday evening, at St. Peter'6 Clmrch, the Rev. T. VT. Davis will preach a seroiou on temperance. THE cool storage ahed at the railway citation will be finished in about three weeks. THE CHAMFIOV STAKES ran at Flem ington yesterday resulted as follows :— Gannon's Melos, 1; White's Dreadnought, 2; Wallace a Carbine, 3. MABBIAGE.—An interesting event took place at Egerton on the 6th ult., when Mr. George Simmie, of Elmore, was united in the bonds of matrimony to Miss Elizabeth Childs, second daughter of Mr. Geo. Childs, by the Rev. T. Neilson, Presbyterian minuter, of Rochester. About 200 friends sat down to a recherche repast, at the residence of the bride's father, after which appropriate toasts and speeches were given, attended with the good wishes of alL Dancing and other amusements followed, and the party broke up at a late hour on the following morning. AK old man named Michael Malonoy, aged 60 years, employed on theMurchi son and Rnshworth railway, had both his legs cot off by a track passing over them on Saturday evening. Maloney expired about 10 minutes afterwards. On Saturday last the wife of Mr. Michael M*Cormack, of Rochester, passed away at the early age of 25 years, to the regret of a large circle of friends. Her funeral, which took place on Sunday, was attended bv the Hibernian and Oddfellows* societies. Father O'Hanlan conducted the obsequies. SOUTH ELMORE BRIDGE.—As will be seen in our report of the Waranga Shire Conncil, the question of the erection of a bridge at SOBCII eiomtslua advanced another stage, it having been decided, on the motion of Cr. Raven, seconded by Cr. Bain, that the council is willing to pay £300 towards its erection. WE very much regret to state that Mr. Wearing continues in a very weak state, there having been no improvement whatever during the week. WE have received from the pub Ushers, Messrs. Melville, Mullen, and Sladft, booksellers, Melbourne, two valuable works by Dr. P. E. Muskett, The Health and Diet of Children in Australia," and " The Feeding and Management of Australian Infants, two works which should be in the hands of all who have the care of childrcu- They are written in a popular style, and may be obtained at 2s. 6d. and Is. e ch respectively. THE local appointments of Mr. G. W. Patterson, P.&L;, are, for petty sessions at Elmore, Thursday, 27th, and for Rochester, Wednesday, 19th March. M.I. A.—The ordinary weekly meeting of the above association was held on Tuesday, the Bev. T. W. Davis presiding. The minutes of last meeting were read. A motion that they be confirmed was proposed and seconded, when an alteration was proposed by Mr. Cox (railways), to the effect that the words " with view to matrimony" be struck out, and the word "soci ability' inserted in their strad. At the last meeting of the association, it was decided by the vote of the meeting that the ladies should leave vacant chairs for genUenirn to occupy (but which was not, however, fulfilled at last Tuesday s meeting), with a view it was understood to promote sociability. A further amendment by Mr. H. Horsey that "with passible view to matrimony" be substituted, found no se conder. Mr. Cox's amendment was put, and carried. Tbe chairman announced the business of the evening, viz., reading of magazines contributed by members. The first paper was read by Mr. W. E. Jones, and was entitled The Bankerisms of Marvellous Mel bourne," a vety well written article The subject was freely discussed. Christianity was the title of the ue&t; article read, and the question was treated in a nice, bind, and friendly manner, and was received with expressious of approval. " Books to read, and how to read them" finished the magazines, and the time for dispersing being not at hand, a discussion " That this house believe in ghosts" was proposed and seconded, but ultimately tbe question was shelved in favor of considering the advisability of introducing parlor games into the Association. The following were selected :—Quoits, croquet, and an air gun. Mr Co* (railways) stated during the evening that certain persons had taken offence from some action of the Mutual, which was to be regretted, and he hoped the matter would be amicably settled. It was decided to let die offended parties first air their grievances, and if they were considered fair and just, an apology would be tendered. The members then dispersed. THE committee of the Mutual Improvement Association met last evening, and drew up an excellent programme for the miscellaneous entertainment which takes place on Tuesday next. THE following Bible Christian ministers have been stationed for the ensuing year in the Sandhurst district:— Elmore, Bev. R. Oates; Rochester, Revs. R. Yeo and J. T. Thomas. ELMORE POLICE COURT.—On Friday last, before Mr. J. Pook, J. P., James O'Brien was charged with insulting behavior at Elmore on that day, and was fined 5s.; in default^ 24 bouts imprisonment. M. O'Lesiy, for being drank and disorderly, received a similar sentence. lesterday, before Messrs. Slee and Keeps, J.P.'s, H. Anderson aaed C. Egan, for goods sold and delivered, £2 3s. 6d. Hie sum of 10s. 6d had been paid into court, and plaintiff received a verdict for XI 13s, and 9s. costs. THE quarterly licensing court for this district will be held at the Elmore Court house on Wednesday, 19th inst. THE Fetgason Testimonial Committee met at Re veil's Hotel, Runnymede, on Saturday- afternoon last, and will meet again to- morrow afternoon. A m w n u m |umo.—A meeting of tbe comm appointed to oppose the formatio " the Amalgamated Echuca and War Irrigation Trust will take place tie veil'a Oampaspe Hotel onSaturda ',5th inst., at 4 p.m. Supporter* of thfomuuttee are also invited to attend, HARVEST Tuljcrniio.— Services will be held in I • Elmore Wesleyan Church on Sunda eat, when the Rev. EL Aid ay will priki in the morning, afternoon, and at kbt. Appropriate hymns will be sdfcby the choir, and the church decor£ with cereals and the " kindly fruHftf the earth- 1 ' On Monday there wil e a tea and coffee supper, when addtfcss will be delivered by various epeaMrt The choir will also assist with sunaile pieces. FLOATING FOBTIVEKTT HOURS.— Miss Lacy, a passehgr from Mackay by the ill-fated vessi^lie Qaetta, had a marvellous escape., She clung to a raft from Friday nigLt tif mid-day on Satur- day, and tried to swim ashore, but was prevented by the currents. She then resolved to simply float, being thus without any support for over 20 hours before 6he was picked up at 8 a.in. on Sunday, nearly 36 hours after the wreck. A NEW IXTOXICAKT.—A singular case of poisoning took place on the Billabong Creek, near Albury lately. Three men camped on the creek, by the direction of one of the party, boiled a decoction of some plant growing there, and while lli« liquid was cooling drank of it. It -w»6 sweet ana pleasant, ^uva they for a time enjoyed it. Suddenly the men became ill, and symptoms of acute poisoning set in, and they were found in a state of physical prostration, and removed to Jerilderie Hospital. DIVIKE SERVICES will be held in the Bible Christian Churches on Sunday next, as follows:—Elmore, Bev. R. Oates, morning and evening. Cor op, Bev. W. G. Lester, morning and evening. Mount Pleasant Creek, Rev. R_ Oates afternoon. Sandhills, Rev. W. G. Lester, afternoon. GEXEEAL SESSION'S will be held at Sandhurst on Tuesday, and the County Court on Wednesday next THE balance-sheet of the Pannoobamawm Cemetery is published in last week's Gazette, and shows receipts £22 19s. fid, and expenditure £11 Is 6d leaving a balance to credit of £11 18s. LICEKSISG DISTRICTS.—The statutory number of inhabitants in the undermentioned licensing districts has lieen determined as follows, by Mr. Patterson, P.M.:—Echuca, 4030; Rochester East, 3245; Turrumlwny, 9S5 ; Wharparilla. 940\. Corop, 1035; Pannoobamawm, 450 ; Rochester, 12S5. KAMAROOKA SPORTS.—A numerous gathering of residents of Ejamarooka and the surrounding parishes took place on Wednesday, 19th ult., at the State school, Diuniuiartin, when it was agreed to hold the second annual sports meeting on Wednesday, the 26th inst, in Mr. J. Oliver's paddock. It was decided to advertise for tenders for a pub 1 lean's, with right to luncheon booth, returnable on Wednesday, 12th inst. Mr. A. W. Hodgson was appointed secretary, and every endeavor is to be used liy the committee to make the gathering a successful one. SALE OF LAND.—At the stock fair on Friday next, L. Macpherson, Sternbeig, and Co. will offer for sale Mr. W. Glad win's farm at Runnymede East, con taining 113 acres. MESSES. L Macpherson, Sternberg, and Co. held a successful clearing sale of horses, cattle, and farming implements on Mr J. Maloney's farm, Colbin abbin, on Monday last RECEIVED, Melbourne "Punch" for the week, tbe " Australian Journal" for March, and the "Grondona Indent," a very useful monthly journal, published in Melbourne in the interests of merchants and traders generally ; also, " The Oddfellow" for March. A DISCOVERT has been made of a layer of pipeclay near Murchison, and a sample has been forwarded to Melbourne to be tested. Tomir RVAS, the blackfellow, who shot Constable Hadley and afterwards escaped from custody, is still at large. Extra mounted-constables have been despatched in pursuit, and his early capture is expected. A later telegram states that he was captured on Saturday by aborigines, and handed over to the police, who have placed him in the Grafton locup. MB. D. A- CRICHTOX, Government expert, lectured at Tatnra on tbe night of the show on t!i? benefits of fruitgrowing. AMONGST the probates dealt with on the 28th ult. was that of Henry Higgins, better known as John Thomas, billiard table manufacturer, of Bourke-street, Melbourne. He left the whole of his property, valued at £23,000, to his wife. A peculiarity of the will is that the witnesses to testator's signature, S. P. Solly and his daughter, have both disappeared, one being dead, and the other not to be found. THE estimated population of the colony of Victoria on the 31st December last was 1,118,077 souls — 593,823 males 524,254 females. — The N.S.W. estimate is 1,122,200. AT the Natimuk petty sessions last week a Salvation Army captain was fined £5 for enclosing a written communication in the "War Cry" newspaper, which passed through the postoffice. THE EDUCATION ACT. — Many persons are under the impression that the Amended Education Act having reduced die school age from 15 to 13 years, they are at liberty to remove their children when they reach the latter age without any consideration whatever as to whether or not they have obtained a certificate of competency. The Education authorities point out that children can only be removed at 13 years of age, provided they obtain a certificate showing that they have been educated up to the standard, or have been 12 months in the fourth class of the school for the full attendance in each quarter, or attend a night school for five hours a week until they obtain their certificate of competency. SHOCKING RAILWAY ACCIDENT. — A contractors' ballast train, in which were 30 navvies, going rapidly down an incline on the railway between Hamilton and Pensburst, on Saturday night, ran into a bullock. The engine and a truck in front of it were overturned. Six men were killed instantly, and two died afterwards, two were seriously hurt, and five were less injured. One man was cut in two, and another completely decapitated. PENNY POSTAGE.—A gratifying increase in the number of letters posted since the penny postage system came into operation is shown by the results of the past two months' work, but the increase will not, it is expected, recoup the revenue at the year's end for the lowering of postage rates. THE OLD GOLD COINAGE. — After the 31st of March sovereigns and half sovereigns minted prior to the accession of Queen Victoria will not be a legal tender. Therefore, in order to protect themselves from loss, all persons possessing sovereigns or half-sovereigns minted during the reigns of George III., George IV., and William IV. should either pay them into their accounts at the banks, or have them exchanged for sovereigns and half- sovereigns of the reign of Queen Victoria, before the 31st March. After that date they will not be a legal tender, and will only be purchased by the banks or the Mint for the value of the gold in them. The Central State school No. 208, Echuca, was destroyed by a fire at about 5 o'clock on Thursday afternoon, 27th ult. The building had accommodation for 1000scholars[and cost £6000. Hie fire is lielieved to have originated from a small fire burning in the caretaker's yard blowing aliout and iguiting a wooden structure us<-d as a wood house. From thi« the fire spread to the fancy wood work around tlie gable end of an adjacent elass-toom. The caretaker lost all his furniture and effects, including a pinno, wlr.ch was uninsured. EIGHT HOITKS' CKLKBEATION.—Mon day, the Sl^.t April, lias bi~n gazetted a puMii- liolid-ay tlirnn^linut the culnny. TIIK Ky-ibrani Ui ban Water Trust met ..„ on the 24tli tilt. Amongst tlie . , .1 correspondence was a request from the | Kynetou Water Trust, asking theui to send a delegate to a conference proposed to be held for the purpose of requesting the department of Water Supply to place tJieru on an equal footing with the irrigation trusts, viz, allowing their interest to be capitalised far ten instead of five years. WRESTLING. — The Graco Roman wrestling match between Professor Milla- and Duncan Ross for £100 c-side, and £200 added by the Melbourne Athletic Club, took place at the club house on Monday night, best three out of five. Each man won two falls, and Miller won tlie deciding fall, and gained the victory. It is probable that another match will be arranged shortly. THG rust conference has been postponeH from the first to the second week in March. TBE racehorse Chicago arrived in London on Friday by the s.s. Orient, in excellent health. 