MY WWLE'S^ABVE A WARNING TO ANTIQUARIAN MY uncle had a luge nose, often the occasion of irreverent jo] enease. I Man tueChew&S; pefeuadod to oenavq TMrP>f o&jptoaran; «a» of pBcehsssafliM!, wMi, ese " curiosities 0 he filledhis house, "qjtuaT to the annoyance df mv atintand the am ment of his less credulous friends. Bu ties in a manner so remarkable that he invoked my aid in reproducing a story often told by himself at his own fireside. It was a sultry afternoon in the month of September, -tfrhèn my uncle bent his steps across, the common and through tie meadows to visit a neighbouring farmer Send. On the occasion of this'visit, and just as he was leaving, after having partaken of tie usual hospitalities of the place, he espied in a corner of the farmyard tua old' iron" pot, nearly spherical in shape, which had formerly stood on three legs, but could now only boast of two. Owing to its unsafe condition it had lo,ng since been disused, and had been consigned faite resting-place on the principle liât for all the ills of life prevention is better than cure. A somewhat minute inspection of its exterior revealedthe figure IB, followed by eopaething which could not readily he deciphered; and instead of çcfflciudîng liât these marks probably represented ni " * more ti&i; the size of the article in qu< the «eat ^ntiqutny rashly concluded $hat the 16 witi th$ obliterated marks Wffijer sented nothing short of tie date of its manufacture. A pot whose eariy existence was probably contemporary with Cromwell could not be permitted to remain in such a place. Accordingly my uncle determined to transfer it to Stanley Court, there to keep company with the many relics of days burden proved more inconvenient than he anticipated^ After taxing his ingenuity to the utmost to discover a means of carrying it with a maximum amount of . ease, it finallyoccurred to him that, inverted it might vest on his head. Accordingly, it was so placed, and my uncle proceeded with the queerest helmet that ever pressed the brow of a human being. His path lay along tiie bank of a small river, and so down to the mill.. Here, it may be mentioned in parenthesis, lived an old sweetheart, who, out of patience, I suppose, in waiting for the question from my uncle, had accepted his rival, the miller, fully twenty years before. Across the stream a dam had been constructed for the purposi of diverting the water to the mill, and tliu a pond was formed at least five feet deep. The water often flowedover the dam, forming a beautiful cascade from six to eight feet in height; and when the water was low, people frequently passed over the wooden platform of the dam to save the walk to the bridge, which stood more than a hundred yards below the milLx But, doubtless, my uncle had another reason for selecting this route, a reasonwhich received additional force from the strange appearance which he now presented. As may be readily supposed, the action of the water had rendered the platform very smooth and slippery. Along this dangerous path, however, my uuele proceeded, but whether from the effect of the aforesaid hospitalities, or from the weight of the pot his head, he became unsteady in his gait and suddenly slipped. A fall of'eight feet if the river was no ioke ; besides, such a fall could only end in the destruction of the pot Now, divided attention is always to be avoided, where the possible issues are serious, as under even ordinary circumstances, a slip in such a place was no trifling matter; but with the object of his solicitude firmly fixed on his head, what wonder that his safety was doubly jeopardised ? Be that as it may, the fact remains that he stumbled upon the slippery platform, and the pot slipping over hts nose enveloped bis entire head ! Practically blind, he was now less capable than ever of recovering his footing ; and Ms attempts to do so ended in my worthy relative tumbling head first into the mill pond. Thus was he brought literally face to face -çyith an ignominious death, no better than that of the vilest cur which leaves the world with a stone tied to its neck. But the darkest hour is not unfrequently the hour of deliverance. It proved so here. The'attention of Joe, the millet's man, bad been Attracted to my uncle before he reached the dam, by the strange head-gear worn by my relative. The unsteady gàit, the slip, the fall, the plunge, were all observed; and having reached the pond as quicldy as possible, Joe succeeded, after considerable difficulty, in extricating my uncle frppi his perilous position. Whenever the old gentleinan related the story to his friends he moralised here on the vanity of human wishes. " Yes, nephy," he would say, turning to me, " that was the crisis in my history, not merely as regains the unexpected extension of my existence, but more particularly with reference tothe folly which was the outcome of the mania which had seized me. I never felt how useless my life bad been till death stared me t in the face under such ignominious surroundings. My punishment appeared to me as complete as it was deserved. Drowning seemed only the secondary cause of my death, the real cause being the ruling passion which had prompted me to possess the pot. The idea of dying with my head in such a position, humiliating though it was, bore no comparison to my thoughts as I felt the air risein bubbles from the pot in solemn mockery of my life, and thought how, in breaking upon the surface, they wrote my epitaph, 'Emptiness.'" Having rescued my uncle, Joe parried hw to the house of the miller, where he removed his restoration generally resorted to in cases of suspended animation. It was fortunate that Joe was familiar with the treatment, as he was the only person on the mises, and the nearest house was fully a mile distant. He persevered in his effort® and ere long was rewarded by returning consciousness. But the pot, the terrible pot, still canopied my uncje''s head in spite of every endeavour to remove it "The nose was the cause you see," the old gentleman would say, playfully tapping that protuberant organ with his finger, "and appeared to be little short of a bolt, which defied the removal of that ungraceful headgear." Now, of all places, the mill was perhaps tie last which my unole would have cared to visit under the circumstances. He could not endure the thought that the miller's wife, his old sweetheart, should witness such a spectacle, and was really distressed at the idea that her eyes might even now be resting on his misfortune. The old pot refused that assurance to him which his eyes would have supplied, and so he bad t rest content with the repeatedavowal of his benefactor Joe :—" Keep yer mind aisy the maister and his wife and the whole lot of 'em be gone to the fair. But don't ye lie afeard on the missus. She be mighty kind and 'ud hdp ye heaps if she was here. And now ye be safe and a-ebmin' round a bit I can't help a-laughin' just a little bit. I zeed ye go in headvurmost, right down like, and yer legs a-kicki»' up zummat like tie ducks when they gpa-<liyin' after what 'em can catch in toe pond. Then there's that there pot about yer head. Lai I never zeed such a nightcap in all my born days. Don't think Pm a^malrin' fun on ye, but I've a-tried toget'n off, and 'er won't come, leastways without apiece o' yer nose, anc. I reckon you don't want to spare a slice * , that." With these and such like speeches Joe enlivened his patient, introducing parenthetically such hearty bursts of laughter that my uncle speedily recovered himself, but his increasing strength only intensified his desire to get clear away before the " miller and his wife returned. As a flr^b step in this direction he emerged from the blankets in which, barring his head, hé had been envèloped, and witi the assistance of Joê as his valet, he dressed ip the garment which that worthy supplied. There was nothing remarkable about these, with the exception of a smock-frock of snowy whiteness, which extended to my uncle's feet, and played a not unimportant part in the sequel of tie story. But here arose a difficulty. Joe being left in charge of' thé premises could not leave until nis master's return. Every argument which his ingenuity supplied to detain his pa.tient, and every protest agains my uncle's injustice ufbelieving the miller's wife capable of aught hut sympathy, fell upon my uncle's ears " like water on a duck bbek." Finding that he could place the pot in a position which enabled lum to see uls feet, and consequently the path bit by bit along which he had totravel, able to raise the plaguy, apparatus « ; and seeing that Joe could not accompany him as a guide ond protector, bg determined to make the attempt to the village alone, to avoid, as far as ' «r* * taking the tura^ though he need not amçhension, for v SKwnjing from the recognise J m in that that etrange figure Farmer Blstoifleld df Stanley Court? Indeed his objection to this route might have been overcoine but for his dread of meeting the miller and his wife, who, so he thought, might possibly recognise tie garb iveloped him, and would naturally fed unpleasantly inquisitive about the inwithin it Yet a walk of three miles through meadows and across a common after seven o^dack on a September evening, under such circumstances, appeared well nigh as possible for a blind man. Anything, however, appeared preferable to the' disclosure he 60 much dreaded, asd so, trusting to his circumscribed vision, he departed with slow and eteady steps nlpng tie old familiar path, dete^niaed, by a happy thought, to make his way to tie village blacksmith, wluse. ingenuity he had no doubt would speedily remove tie encumbrance. The keenest foresight û, however, ppablp to anticipate the circumstance^ whidi maj befall tlç. t"or some time went welj,^ tiguary'g progress, though stow, was sure. But what with the sultriness of thp gjtlie defective ventilation inside t' id the weight of that »t «tfceç iâm article, my uncle was compelled sink to the ground in a faint, just ps he hi reached a shallow brooX ffjfefwhich he had to pass ; and there he j^y ujitil consciousness returned. Haw long hg hftd been in this position he did ûol knqw, but he sftpn becamepainfully awarepî thefact that thp shades of night had closed around him. Nor was his anxiety diminished as a thunder-storm burst oveshisnead. Heavy clouds overspread the sky, and deepened the dark ness; so that when my luude'rqse to his feet, he fpund thip pâth completely hidden , from his view. In so helpless a that he wandered i To add to bis discomfort, down in torrents ; whilst the lightning, flashing around bim, filledhim with a ne terror. Still he continued to trudge his weary way ; and at length, to his intense delight, he heard the faint but welcome sounds which came from the an?U of thi village blacksmith* Sweeter music he ha<_ never hegfd. Hfi listened intently to the sound as it was wafted across the gloo common, and with his ears as a pilot, wall on, cheered by thé fact that every step brought him nearer to the man who would remove the load from his head — and heart. He had not proceeded far in the direction of the smithy, when he became aware of the approach of a man, and in the snatches of song which fell upon the darkness, he recognised' a familiar voice. It was the village schoolmaster, who, being fully occupied by day in keeping other people' spirits down, resolved that his evenings should be spent in keeping his own spirits up, which ne succeeded tolerably well in doing at the club which met nightly at the village inn. A load of anxiety fell from my uncle's heart as the schoolmaster approached him. But, alas ! the relief was only momen , tary. Wliether the darkness hid my uncle from his sight, orwhether he was so occupied with his thoughts as to be unconscious of such a person's presence, we need not stop to inquire. A vivid flashof lightning for an instant lit up the scene when they were but a few yards apart, revealing my uncle shrouded in garments of snowy whiteness. The song suddenly ceased; a shriek rent the air, and the tremulous voice of my belated relative, intended to remove the schoolmaster's fear, served only to quicken his flightacross the common to the village , inn, which he had left only half an hour before. With a face ghastly pale, with drops of perspiration like peas standing on his forehead, and trembling and gasping fo breath, he threw himself into a chair, perfectly overcome and speechless. In the hands of the landlady he recovered in a few minutes sufficiently toexplain the cause of his terror. He had witnessed that night, he said, such a 6ight as never before met his eyes. In passing the spot on the common where, in the remembrance of most of his hearers, a murdered man had been found— a spot he confessed hé never passed at nigh without nervous excitement—just as he had commenced a song, by way of diminishing the loneliness of his situation, a liorrr being stood hefore him. It was clad in white, but had a head as black as night, frqm the top of which projected two shor horns. It was imposgible to be mistaken. A flash of lightning revealed all this too plainly, and seemed for an instant to dance around the head of the Satanic spectre. Besides this a voice, sepulchral in its tones plainly called him by name. Surely the evidence of two of his sensés could not be rejected, wip associates at the inn gave a ready ea to the statement, and after partaking of some Dutch courage, at the earnest request of the schoolmaster, they consented to accompany him across the common to his home. Amongst them was Joe, who, on th return of the miller, had walked toStanley T!ourt by the road, professedly to bring my uncle's clothes, but in " — of anxiety about his safety, Finding he ! not returned Joe started off in search of the wanderer, and on his way stepped into thé village inn just in time'to hear the schoolmaster's account of the ghost on the common. He might easily have removed the schoolmaster's fears, but being of a frolicsome turn, and wishing to test the courage of his bodyguard, he remained silent and followed them unobserved when they left the inn. Meanwhile the ringing sounds fromthe anvil had guided the exhausted wanderer, and before the pslfty fromthe inn had pro ceeded far the supposed ghost was encountered. Dutch courage proved unequal to the shock, and Joe had the satisfaction of seeing them scamper away as fast as their legs could carry them, each one doubtless a much overcome as had been the school- master when he sank speechless into a chair but a few minutes before. The faithful Joe, however, was soon at my uncle's side, find under his guidance th smithy was reached. A consultation now took place as to the best means of effecting a release ; and nothing appeared so practicable as to place the pot on the anvil and with a sharp blow from a hammer to shatter it into fragments. A hazardous proceeding, but desperate ills require desperate remedips. It was therefore not without forebodings of evil that my uncle, supported by Joe, pkced the pot as directed. l)own came tie blow ; ana my uncle stood erect, a happier and a wiser man. The kindhearted and faithful Joe lived long in my o uncle's service as faim bailiff, and never ; wanted a friend as loiîg as the old gentleman lived; and,in repeating these extraordinary proceedings to eager listeners, he would assure them that " he never zeed sich a nut afore, nor sich a kernel.'' 