THE SIGN OF THE FOUR. (By A. Conan Doyle.) CHAPTER III. IN QUEST OF A SOLUTION. It was half-past beforoe Holmes returned. ""o was bright, eager, and in exoellent "pirits,-a mood which in his case alternated with fits of the blackest depression. " There in no great mystery in.this mat 'ter,' he said, tekior the oup of tea which I bad poured out for 'im. "fho facts appear to admit of only one explanation.'" ," What! you have solved it already?" " Well, that would be too much to say. I have discovered a suggestive fact, that as all. It is, however, very suggestive. The details are still to be added. I have just found, on consulting the back files of hde 21mre, that MajorSholto, of Upper Norwood, :ate of the 34tth Bombay Infantry, died upon the 28th of April, 1582." i' I may be very obtuse, Holmes, but I fail to see what this suggests." "No? You surprise me. Look at it in this way, then. Captain 3Morstin disappears. SThe only person in London whom he could have visited is Major Sholto. Major Sholto denies havhing heard that he was in London. 'our years later Sholto dies. JWithin a week ofis death Captain Morstan's daughter re cailves a. valuable present, which is repeated from year to year, and now culminates in a letter which describes her as a "wronged woman. What wrong can it refer to.exeopt this deprivation of 'her father? And why should the presents begin immedintely after "J! Bholto's deathi unless it is that Sholto's. heir 'knows something of the mystery and desires to make compensation P. Have you any alternative theory which 'will meet the facts?" " But what a strange compensation 1, And . ow strangely made I Why, too, should he write a letter. now, rather than six years ago? Again, the letter speaks of giving her justice.. What justice can she have ? It is too much to suppose that her father Is still alive. There is no other injustico in her case that you know of." "There are difliculties; there are cer tainly difficulties," said Sherlock Holmes, pensively. " But our expedition of to-night will solve them all. Ail, here is a four wheeler, and Miss Morstan is inside. Are you all ready P Then we had better go -down, for it is a little past the hour." I picked up my hat and my heaviest stick, but I observed that Holmes took his revolver from his drawer and slipped it' into his pocket.' It -was clear that he thought our night's work might be a serious one. Miss Morstan was muffled in a dark cloak, and her sensitive face was composed, but pale. She must have been more than woman ef she did not feel some uneuasilcss at the strango enterprise upon which ~ wero em barking, yet her self-control was perfect, and she readily answered the few additional questions which Sherlock Holmes put to her. " Major Sholto was a very particular friendof papa's," she said. "His letters were full of allusions to the major. He and papa were in command of the t:oops at the Andaman Islands, so they were thrown a great deal together. Dy the way, a curious paper was found in papa's desk which no one could understand. I don't suppose that it is of the slightest importance, but I thought you might care to see it, so I brought it with ma. It is here." Holmes unfolded the paper carefully and smoothed it out upon his knee. He then very methodically exanined it all over with his double lens. "It ispaperof uative Indian manufacture," hie remarked. "It has at some timne been pinned to a board. The diagram upon it appears to be a plan of 'part of a large building, with numerous halls, corridors, and passages. At one point is a small cross done in red ink, and above it is ' 3.37 from left,' in faded pencil writing. In the left band corner is a curious hieroglyphic like four crosses in a line with their arms touch ing. Beside it is written, in very rough and ouarse characters, 'The sign of the four, Jonathan Small, Mahomet Singh, Abdullah Ehan, Dost Akbar.' No, I counfess that I do not see how this bears upon the matter. Yet it is evidently sa document of importaice. It has been kept earefully.in a pocket-book; for the one side is as clean as the other." "It was in his pocket-book that we found it" "Preserve it carefully then, Miss 3Morstan, for it'may prove to be of use to us. I begin to suspect that this matter may turn out to be much deeper and more subtle than I at first supposed. I must reconsider my ideas." He leaned back in the cab, and I could see by his drawn brow and his vacant eye that be was thinking intently. Miss Itorstan, and I chatted in an undertone about our present expedition and its possiblo outcome, but our companion maintamed his imnpeno treble reserve until the end of our josirncy. It was a September evening, and not yet 7 o'clock, but the day had been a dreary one, and a dense, drizzly fog lay low upon the great city. Mud-coloured clouds drooped sadly over the muddy streets. Down the Strand the lamps were but misty splotches of diffused light which throw a feeble circular glimmer upon the slimy pavemenot The yellow glare from the shop windows streamed out into the steamy, Srvaporous air, and throw a murky, shifting radiance across the crowded thoroughfare. Thero was, to my mind, something eerie and ghost-like in the endless procession of faces which flitted across these narrow bars of light \--sad facos and glad, haggard and merry. Like all human kind, they flitted from the gloom into the light, and so back into the gloom once more. I an not subject to iim pressions, but the dull, heavy evening, with the straugo business upon which we were engaged, combined to make me nervous and depressed. I could see from MIiss Morstan's manner that she was suffering front the same feeling. Holmes alone could rise superior to petty infinuences. IHo held his open notebook upon his knee, and from time to tiine he jotted down figures and memoranda in the light of his pocket-lantern. At the Lyceum Theatre the crowds' wero already tluck at the side-entrances. In front is continuous stream of hansoms and four-wheolers were rattling up, discharging .:their cargoes of shirt-fronted men and be shawled, . b-diamonded women. - TVo had : hardly reached the third pillar, which wai our rendezvous, mbeforo a small, dark, brisk m:an in'tlioe dreeseofn c?chman accosted us. ;:'- e you the parties who come with Miss \-- , I am' M~iss, Moretan, and these' two S gentlemen are my friends." said she. S.He bent a pair of wonderfully ponotrating '?d questioning eyes upon us. "' You will exuse me, miss," he said, with a cortain "doggedmanner, " but I was to ask you to give me yaourword that neither of your com panions is a polico- omlocr." 'I give you my word on that," she ,answered. He gave a shrill whistle, on which a street Arab led across a four-wheeler and operiod tho door. The man who Ihad addressed us mounted to the box, while we took our Cpes inside. We had hardly done so efore the driver widpped up his horse, and we plunged away at a furious pace through 'the foggy streets. The situation was a curious one. We were lriving to an unltnown place, on an. unknown errand. Yet our invitation 'wa either a comploto hoax,--which was an in conceivable hypothess,i or else we had good ro~son to think that ioportant issues might bang upon our journey. Miss Moretan's de meaner was as resolute and collected as over. I endeavoured to cheor and amuso her ly reminiscences of my ,adventures in Afghanistan ; bat, tell the truth, I ii~ myself so oxeited at our situation Snd so ouriouasan. to our destination that my stories were slightly involved. To this day she declares that I told her one moving eauedoto as toehow a musket looked into my tent ot lthe doid of night, and how I fired a double-barrelled tiger onb at it. At first I had some idea as to the direction in which we were driving; but soon, what with our paso, the fog,;'and my own limited knowledge of London, I lest my bearinge, 'and noew nothing, save that we seemned to be going a ery long way. Sherlook Hohnes was never t fnult, howovor, and he muttered the names as the cab rattled through squares and in and out by tortuous by-streets. "Ioehester Row," said he. " Now Vin cent square. Now we come out on the Vauxhall Bridge road. We are making for the Surrey side, apparently. Yes, I thought so. Now we are on the bridge. You can catch glimpses of the river." We did indeed get a fleoting view of a stretch of the Thames with the lamps shining upon the broead, silent water; but our cab dashed on, aud was soon involved in a labyrinth of streets upon the other side. " Tordsworth road," said my companion. "Priory road. Lark-hall hine. Stockwoll place. Robert street. Cold Harbour lane. Our quest does not appear to take us to very fashionable regions." YWe had, indeed, reached a questionable and forbidding neighbourhood. Long lines of dull brick houses were only relieved by the coarse glare and tawdry brilliancy of public-houses, at the corner. Then came rows of two-storied villas, each with a fronting cf miniature garden, and then again interminable lines of now staring brik buildings,-tho monster tenacles which- the giant city was throwing out into tlo country. At last the cab drew up at the third house in a now terrace. None or the otherhouses were inhabited, and thI' at which we stopped was as dark as its neighbours, save for a single glimmer in the kitchen window. On our knocking, however, the door was instantly thrown open by a Hindoo servant clad in a yellow turban, white looss-fitting clothes, and a yellow sash. There was something strangely incongruous in this Oriental figure framed iln the common-place door-way of a third-rate suburbhn dwelling-house. " The Sabhib awaits you," said he,- nod even as lie spoke there came a high plping vokco from some inner room. " Show. them in to me, khitmutgar," it cried. ." Showe them straight in to me." S Carrcn IV. TEB SToRY OP TIM B-LD-AIEDenD o?e. We followed theo Indian down a sordid and conunon passage, ill lit and worse furnished, until he came to a door upon the right, which he throew open. A blaze of yellow light streamed out upon us, and in the centre of the glare there stood a small man with a very high head, a bristle of red hair all round the fringe of it, and a bald, shining scalp which shot out from among it lieo a mountain-peak from fir trees. He writhed his hands together as lie stood, and his features were in a perpetual jerk, now smiling, now scowling, but never for an instant in repose. Nature had given him a pendulous lip, and a too visible line of yellow and irregular teeth, which he strove feebly to conceal by constantly passing his hand over the lower part of his face. In spite of his obtrusive baldness, he gave the impression of youth. In point of fact le had just turned his thirtieth year. "Your servant, Miss _forstan," he kept repeating, ini a thin, high voice. "Your servant, gentlemen. P'ray step into my little sanctum. A small place, miss, but furnished, to my own liking. An oasis of art in the howling desert of South London." We wore all astonished by the appearance of the apartment into which he invited us. In that sorry house it looked as out of pIace as a diamond of the first water in a setting of brass. The richest and glossiest of ourtains and tapestry draped the walls, looped back here and there to expose some richly-mounted painting or Oriental vase. The arpoet was of amber and black, so softand so thick that the foot sank pleasantly into it, as into a bed of moss. Two great tiger skins thrown athwart it increased the suggestion of English luxury, as did a huge hookah which stood upon a mat in the corner. A lamp in the fashion of a silver dove was hung from an almost invisible golden wire in the centre of the room. As it burned it filled the air with a subtle and aromatic odour. " Mr. Thaddeus Sholto," said the little man, still jerking, and smiling, "That is my name. You are Miss Morstan, of course. And these gentlemen- " "This is Mr. Sherlock Holmes, and this Dr. Watson." "A doctor, eoh " cried he, much' excited. " Have you your stethoscope P Might I ask you-would you have the kindness ? I have grave doubts as to my mitral valve, if you would be so very good. The anortic I may rely upon, but I should value your opinion upon the mitral." I listened to his heart, as requested, but was unable to fluind anything amiss, save, indeed, that he was in an ecstycv of fear, for lie shivered from head to foot. ' It appears to be normal," I said. "You have no cause for uneasiness." "You will excuse my anxiety. Miss Morstan," he remarked, airily. " I nam a great sufferer, and I have long had suspizions as to the valve. In am delighted to hear that they are unwarranted. Liad your father, Miss Morstan, refrained from throwing a strain upon his heart, he might have been alive now." I could have struck the man across the face, so hot was I at this callous and off-hand reference to so delicate a matter. Miss Morstan sat down, and her face grow white tothelips. "I know in my heart thatthe was dead," said she. "I can give you every information," said he, " and, what is more, Ican do you justice; and I will, too, whatever Brother Bartholo mow may say. I amn so glad to have your friends here, hot only as an escort to you, but also as witnesses to what I ant about to do and say. The three of us can show a bold front to Brother Bartholomew. Buat lot us huleo no outsiders, no police or ofilcials. We can settle everything satisfactorily among ourselves without any interference. Nothing would iunoy Brother Bartholomow more than any publicity." Ho sat down on a low settee and blinked at us inquiringly with his weak, watery blue eyes. "For my part," said Holmes, "whatever you may choose to say will go no further." I nodded to show nly agrooment. "That is well! That is well I" said he. " May I offer you ii glass of Chianti, Miss Morstaun? Or of Toluy? I keep'no other wines. Shall I open a flask ? No? Well, then, I trust that you have no objection to tobacco-smoko, to the mild balsamic odor of the Eastern tobacco. I am a little nervous, and I find my hookah an invaluable sedative." He applied a taper to the great bowl, and the smoke bubbled merrily through the rose-water. WeV sat all three 'in a semleirole, with our heads advanced, and our ohins upon our hands, while the stranged, jerky little folloss, with* his high, shining head, puffed uneasily in the contre. "Wrhen I first determined to make thie anommnunication to you," said he, "I might have given you my address, but I feared that you might disregard my requcest and bringunpleasnt people with you. I took th liberty, therefore, of mal:ing an appoint mont in such a way that mny man Willilas might be able to see you first. I ihave complete confidenco iu his discretion, and he had orders, if he were dis'atiolied, to proceed no further in thone matter. You will excuse theseo preoiutions, buit I am a man of somewhat retiring, and I might even sayroflued, tastes, and theoro is nothing more unuesthetio than a policman. I have a natural shrinking from all forms of rough materialism. I seldom come in contact with tihe rough crowd. I live, as you see, with somno little atmosphero of elegance around me. I may gall myself a patron of the arts. It ismy weakness. The landscape is a geonine Corot, and, thoighl a connoissoeur might perhaps throw a doubt upon that Salvator Rosa, there cannot be the least question about the Bougucrcau. I am partial to the mnodenri French school." "iYou will excuse no, Mr. Sholto," 'said Miss MorLaen, "hut I mn 'here at your re quest to learn somothing whichl you desire to toll meo. It is very lato, and I sholld desire the interview to be as ,uhort as possible." "At the best it mist take some time," he answered; '" for we shall cdrtiinly. have to gocto inNerwocd, and 1ee Brothcr Bar thioloimew. We shall all go and try if we can got tht bettor of Brothor Bartholo mew. o is very angr-with mo for taking the course whish has seesnod right to me. I had quite high words with him last night. You cannot imagine what a torrible fellow heIo when he it angry." "It we aor to go to Norwom it wouel L perhaps be as woll to start at once," I ventured to renuark. He laughed until his oars were quite red. "That would hardly do," he cried. " I don't know what he would say if I brought you in that sudden way. No, I must pro pare you by showing you how we all stand to each other. In the first place, I must tell you that there are several points in the story of which I am myself ignorant. I can only lay the facts before you as far as I L knov them myself. " My father was, as you ?nyhave guessed, Major John Sholto, once of'the Indian army. He retired some eleven years ago, and came to live at Pondicherry Lodge in Upper Norwood. He had prospered in India, and brought back with him a considerable sum of money, a large collection of valuablo ouriosi ties, and a straft of native servants. With these advantages he bought himself a house, and lived in great luxury. My twin-brother Bartholomow and I were the only children. "I very well remember the sensation which was caused by the disappearance of Captain Morstan. We read the details in the papers, and, lmowing that he had been a friend of our father's, we discussed the case freely in his presence. He used to join in our speculations as to what could have hap pened. Never for an instant did we suspect that he had the whole .socret hidden in his .own breast-that of all men he alone knew the fate of Arthur 3Moretau. "We did know, however, that some mystery-sonao positive danger--overhung our father. Ho was very fearful of going oat alone, and he always employod two prize-fighters to not as porters at Pondi cherry Lodge. Williams, who drove you to night, was one of themn. He was once light weight champion of England. Our father would never tell us what it was he feared, but he had a most marked aversion to man with wooden legs. On one occasion he actually fired his revolver at a wooden-legged man, who proved to be a harmless trades mau cannassing for orders. YWe had to pay a large sum to hush the matter up. My brother and I used to think this a mere wiim of my father's, but events have since led us to change our opinion. " Early in 1882 my father received a letter from India, which was a great shock to him. Heo nearly fainted at the breakfast-table when he opened it, and from that day he sickened to his death. What was in the letter we could never discover, but I could see as he held it that it was short, and written in a scrawling hand. He had suffered for years from an enlarged spleeon, but he now becamo rapidly worse, and towards the end of April we were in informed that he was beyond all hope, and that ihe wished to make a last communication to us. " When we entered his room he was propped up with pillows and breathing heavily. e besougiht us to lock the door and to come upon either side of the bed. Then, grasping our hands, ho made a re markable statement to us, in a voice which wasbroken as much by omotion as by pain. I shall try and give it to you in his own very words. "'I have only one thing," he said, " which weighs upon my mind at this sipremo Imo mont. It is my treatment of poor Mforstan's orphan. The cursed arreed which has boon my besetting sin through life has withhold from her the treasure, half at least of which should have ibeen here. And yet I have made no use of it myself-so blind and foolish a thing is avarice. The more feeling of possession has been so dear to me that I could not bearto share it with another. See that chaplet tipped with pearls beside the quinine bottle. Even that I could not bear to part with, although I had got it out with the design of sending it to her. You, my sons, will give her a fair share of the Agra treosure. But send her nothing, not oven the clhaplot-until I am gone. After all, men have been as bad as this and have recovered. " 'I will toll you how MHorstan, died,' he continued. 'Ho lhad suffered for years from a weak heart, but hoe concealed it from every one. I alone know it. When in India, he and I, through a remarkable chain of chrcum stances, came into possession of a considerable treiasuro. I brought it over to England, and on the night of Mforstaun's arrival rhe came straight over hero to claim his share. lie walked over from the station, and was ad mitted by my faithful old Lal Chowdar, wiho is now dead. Moratan and I had a differ once of opinion as to the division of the treasuro, and we came to healed words. 3Yorstan had sprung out of his chair in a paroxysm of anger, when ire suddenly pressed his hand to his side, his face turned a dusky huie, and ho fell backwards, cutting his head against the corner of the treasure chest. Wheno I stooped over himr I found, to my horror, that he was dead. " 'For a long time I sat half distracted, wondering what I should do. My first im pulse was, of course, to call for assistance; but I could not but recogniso that there was every chaihco that I would be necused of his murder. His death at the moment of a quarrel, and the gash in his head, would be black against mo. Again, an ofllcial inquiry could not be made without bringing out some facts about the treasure, which I was particularly anxious to keep secret. Ho had told me tha:tno soul upon earth kneow where he had gone. Tere scomrned to be no necessity why any soul ever sirould know. "'I was still pondering over the matter when, looking up, I aw my servant, Lal Chowidar, in the doorway. ieo stole in and bolted the door behind him. "Do not fear, Sahib," oe said. "No one need know that you have killed lhim. Let us hide hiin away, and who is theo wiser?" "I did not kill him," said I. Lal Chowdar shook his heCd and smiled. "I heard it all, Sahib," said he. " I heard you quarrel, and I heard the blow. But my lips are seaouled. All .are asleep in the house. Lot us put lint away together.'! T'lat was enough to decide mo. It my own servant could not believe 'my innocence, how could I hope to make it good before twelve foolish tradesmen in ra jury box? Lal Chowdar and I disposed of the body that night, and within a few days the London papers were full of the mysterious disappearance of Captain Morstan. You will sea from what I say that I can hardly be blamed in the matter. My fault lies in the fact that we concealed not only the body, but also the treasure, and that I have clung to MIor stan'a sharea as ll ato my own. I wish you, therefore, to make rastitution. Put your ears down to my mouth. The treasure is hidden in -." At this instant ahorriblo cn oageo came over his xpreasiona; iris eyes ; stared wildly, Iris jawdroppod, and ire yelled, in a voice which I cast never forget, "~ Keo him out! For Christ's sakeo, keep him out l We both stared round at the window behind us upon which hiris gazo was fixed. A face was looling in at us out of the darkness. We corld see the whitouning of the nose whomr it was pressed against the glass. It was a bearded, hairy face, with'wild, cruel eyes, ind an expression of concontrated malovo lonce. My brother and I rushed towards tiheo window; but trhe man was gone. Whoen we returned' to my father his head lrad dropped and his pulo had ceased to boat. We scarched the garden that night, but foundl no sign of the ntruder, save thrat just under thie widow a singlo footmark was visible in the flower-bed. But for that one trace, we might have thoughlrt that our imaginations hrad conjured up. that wild, fierce face. VWe soon, however, hIad another and a more striling proof that there were secret rgencies at work all round us. The window of my father's room was found open in the morning, his cupboards and boxes had been riuled, and upon his chest was fixed a torn piece of paper with the words 'The sign of tihe four scrawled anross it. What the phravo meant, or who our secret visitor may have boon, we never Lnoew. As far as weo can judge, none of my father's proporty hlnd beer rctually stolon, thoughl overything hrad beon turned eout. My brother and I naturally associated this peculiar incident wvith the fear wlhich haunted mry father during his life; but it is ktill a'eomplete mnystery to us." The little man tospced to rolighthis hookah and puffed thouglrtfilly for a feow moments. Weo halrd all tat absorbed, listoning to his ex traordinary narrativo. At the short acnecount of hbr father's death Miss forrshrn had turned deadly white, and for a moment I feared that she was about to faint. She rallied, 'however, on drinking a glass of water which' I qunitlt pourd out for. her from a Venetian carafo upon the side tablo.: Sherlock Holmes leaned back in his chair with an abstracted expression, and the lids drawn low over his glittering eyes. As I glanced at him I could not but think how on that very day he had complained bitterly of the commonplaceness of life. Hero at least was a problem which would tax his sagacity to the utmost. Mr. Thad deons Sholto looked from one to :thoe other of us with an obvilus pride ot the effoect which his story had produced, and then con tinued, between the puffs of his overgrown pipe. "Mpoy brother and I," said he, "were, as you may Imagine, much excited as to the treasure which my father had spoken of. For weeks and for months we dug and delved in ovary part of the garden, without dis covering Ias whereabouts. It was maddening to think that the hiding-place was on his very lips at the moment that he died. We could judge the splendour of the missing riches by the chaplot which he had taken out Over this chaplet my brother Bartholomew and I had some little discussion. The pearls were evidently of great value, and he was averse: to part with them, for, between friends, my brother was himself a little in clined to my father's fault. He thought, too, tlhat if .we patted with the chaplet it might give rise to gossip, and finally bring us into trouble. It was all that I could do to per suade him to let me find out' Miss Morstan's address, and send her a detached pearl at filed intervals, so that at least.'eho might never feel destitute." "It was a kindly thought," said our companion, earnestly. "It'was extremely good of you." The lhttle man waved his hand depreca tingly. " We were your trustees," he said. " That was the view. ,which I, took of it, though -Brother Bartholomew could not altogether seeoo it in that light. We had pleuty of money ourselves. I desired no moro. Besides, it would have been such bad taste to have treated a young lady in so scurvy a fashion. ' Le saurais gor?l isne as crime.' The French have a very neat way of putting those things. Our lifference of opinion on this subject wont so far that I thought it best to set up rooms for myself; so I left Pondicherry Lodge, taking the old khitmutgar and Williams with me. Yesterday, however, I learn that an event of extremeo importance has occurred. The treasure linas been dis covered. I instantly communicated" with Mies MIorston, and it only remains for us to drive out to Norwood and demand our share. I explained my views Inst night to TBrothor Bartholomew; so we shall be expected, if not welcome, visitors." Mr.- Thaddeus Sholto ceased, and sat twitching on his luxurious settee. We all re mained silent, with our thoughts upon the new development which the mysterious business hadtaken. Holmes was the fiint to spring to his feet. " You have done well, sir, from first to last," said he. " It is possible that we may be able to make you some. small return by throwing some light upon that which is still dark to you. But, as Miss 3Morstan re marked just now, it is late, and we had best put the matter through without delay. Our now acquaintance very deliberately coiled up the tube of his hookah, and pro daced from behind a curtain a very long boefroggod top-coat with Astrakhan collar and cuffs. This he buttoned tightly up, in spite of the extreme closeness of the night, and finished his attire by putting on a rabbit-skin cap with hanging lappets which covered the ears, so that no part of him was vilsilo save his mobile and peky face. "3My healthis somewhat fragile," he remarked, as he led the way down the passage. "I ant compelled to be a valetudinarian." Our cab was awaiting us outsido, and our programme was evidently pro-arranged, for the driver started off at once at a rapid pace. Tlhaddeus Sholto talked incessantly, in a voiceo which rose high abovo the rattle of the wheels. ' Bartholomewis a clever follow," said he. "How do you think he found out where the treasure was? Ho had come to the conclu sion that it was somewlhero in-doors; so he worked out all the cubic space of the house, and made measuromoents everywhere, so that not ono'inch should be unaccounted for Among other things, he found that the height of the buildiang was seventy-four feet but on adding together the heights of aill the separate rooms, and making overy allowance for tile space between, which he ascertained by borings, lie could not bring the total to more than seventy foot. There were four feet un accounted for. These could only be at the top of the building. He knocked a holo, therefore, in the lath- amid-plaster ceiling of the highest room, and there, sure enough, ho camd upon another little garret above it, which had been seattled up, and was known to no one. In the centre stood the treasure chest, rostinu upon two rafters. lie lowered it through the liole, and there it lies. He computes the value of the jewels at not less than half a million sterling." At the mention of this gigantic sum wK all stared at one another open-eyed. Miss TMorstan, could we oaecro her rights, would change from a needy governess to the richest heiress in ElngIand. Surely it was the place of a loyal friend to rejoice at such news; yet I am ashamed to say that seltishnoss took me by the soul, and that my heart turnedl as heavy as lead within me. I stammered out some for halting words of congratulation, and then sat downcast with my head drooped, deaf to the babble of our new acquaintance. IHe was clearly a con firmed hypochondriao, and I was dreamily conscious that he was pouring forth intermin able trains of symptoms, and imploring infor mation as to thoe eomposition and action of innumerable quack nostrums, some of which he bore about in a leather case in his pocket. I trust that heo may not rmember any of the answers which I gave him that night. Hkolmnesdeclares thatho overheard me caution him against the great danger of taking more than two dropsof castor oil, while I recom mended strychnine in large doses as a seda tive. However that may be, I was certainly relieved when our cab ulleo:l up with a jerk and the coa.lhman sprang down to open the door. "This, Miss Morstam. is Pondicherry Lodge," said Mr. Thaddous Sholto, as he han ded her out. pro sRs eorrXve?n.) 