THE ANGLICAN CHURCH, BELMONT. Laying the Foundation Stone. FRIDAY last was a gala day at the Lake, when the foundation stone of All Saints' Church was laid by Mrs. Joseph Wood. It was a delightful day, and the well-known and fashion able watering-place, with its charming lake and otherwise naturally beautiful environs, was clothed in its best. At an early hour, the site on which the church is to stand bore lively evidence of willing hearts.and artistic hands the decorations consisting of. ever greens, shrubs, wild flowers, and flags gracefully arranged. The painstaking efforts of the workers were greeted with much approbation from all sides. About 1 p.m., somewhat later than expected, the clergy of the diocese present-the Revs. A. Shaw, W. Swindlehurst, R. M. Walker, W. F. James, J. P. Ollis, and the Incumbent -proceeded to the place rdserved for them. "Onward, Christian Soldiers," was the processional hymn. The service was short, bright, and impres. sive, each clergyman taking his part, the people joining heartily in the responses. After the special lesson was read, the Rev. G. M. BnowN said :-" Mrs. W ood,-It affords me very much plea sure, on behalf of our committee and the church people of Belmont, to request your acceptance of this mallet and trowel, as a memento of this oc casion. The great interest you have taken in the work we have at heart, together with the valuable aid which we have received at your hands, have made it a pleasure for us to ask you to accept the honour, and that which we believe to you is a privilege, of laying the foundation-stone of All Saints' Church, Belmont." Mr. Wood replied for Mrs. Wood, and the good lady having tapped the stone and spread the mortar; declared, " The stone of. All Sainta' Ohuroh truly and faithfully, laid, in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost," the whole gathering responding with the "'Amen." Another hymn, "This stone to Thee in faith we lay," was sung. The In. cumbent then heartily welcomed the visitorA, and stated that portion of the site on which the building is to stand was a gift from Mrs. Williamson; the other part was purchased by the church. He also informed the people that two good men, Messrs. James Lunn and Ernest Yates, had volun teered to do all the labour in the con struction of the edifice without payment, the committee to place all materials on the ground. This laud able offer having been accepted, the necessary matters were procured, and James Lunn and Ernest Yates are progressing famously, in the most single-hearted manner, with the good work. In warmest terms he thanked Mr. James Hannell and his worthy wife for the way they had worked, for chiefly with them rested the success of that day. Mr. Hallett's name was specially mentioned, as he had done the excavation for the foundation almost, if not entirely, without remuneration. Moreover, to him were mainly due the thanks of the company for the excellent decora tions around them. Suitable and forcible speeches were made by all the clergy present. Then was sung a hymn, "The Church's one Foun dation," and the Incumbent pro nounced the Benediction. At the conclusion of the ceremony, the whole of the people were invited to the Belmont-hall, where afternoon tea had been provided by the ladies of the village. To this ample justice was done, and, amidst congratulations of the heartiest kind, and much. shaking of hands, the ,clergy and other visitors left for the steamer, whose whistle gave .timely warning of the hour to return.. Presently all were aboard, and the ever-genial skipper of the Pinafore eased his vessel from her moorings and steamed en route ,for Cockle Creek. Perhaps it ought to be known that the sum of nearly £30 was placed upon the stone. The trowel and mallet, which are neat and chaste, were from the establishment of Messrs. Hardy Brothers, Sydney. The inscription n the trowel is: "To Mrs. J. Wood, Newcastle (a memento), on the occasion of laying the foundation stone of All Saints' Church, Belmont. October 17, 1890." 