LADIES' comm. SPRING FASHIONS IN A LADIES' WAREHOUSE ANL) FEMININE CHIT-CHAT. [By Linnet.] jjglijP^gisfjjS there a more delightful I Wr I'll 0CCUPllt'011 than lookiug Hfci k m over t'ie ^rsfc 8'PP'y °' j||25g^g»| Spring goods in their I frosh untarnished beauty? 'ifiillP Poets may rave about springtime, and its at tendant beauties, yet I doubt if the deliirht he feels in spring time can equal the delight a woman feols when she feasts her eyes on Spring finery. A man loses many of the minor joys of life, and this is one of them. In the fashions this Spring there are many decided novelties, and at Miss Gray's Ladies' Warehouse, in George-street, I was pleased to see so mimy new styles in draperies and mil linery. It is rather early yet for all the fashionable goods to be unfolded, but those shown are distinctly fresh and novel. In hats for ladies' wear the ' Park ' shape is worth noting. It is in plain white straw with flat brim, rather narrow at the back but widening towards the front. The crown boing the peculiar feature is about the height of an ordinary sailor, the top portion being fully half an inch larger all round than the lower. These are to be trimmed with either a plain band or wreath of flowers. In crinoline and fancy straw, as well as Leghorn there are many pretty shapes for children and young girls. These are pretty dressy-looking shapes with wide brims in front to shade the face. Artificial flowers, as you know, are to be worn without stint this season, and among the pretty natural looking, asters, lilies of the valley, mignonette, wild roses, marguerites, silky-looking poppies, and wattle (if ever anything artificial put forth claims to pass itself off as the real thing it is that half-blown wattle) are some artificial wreaths specially designed f--r the adorn ment of the new floral toques and trim ming. These should prove a veritable godsend to amateur milliners. Another' novelty in millinery is the new gauge ribbon. This is liglit, and as its name indicates gauzy -looking, in self or con trasting colors in silk stripe, such as terra cotta stripe on gauze ground of salmon .pink, cream gauze and pink stripe. One in the new crcamy fawn color, is exquisite in soft finish and ap pearance. Tulle will also be much used, and this is shown in terra cotta, brick red, salmon pink, and cream. I11 dress goods there are cashmerettes, or, as they are sometimes called cotton cashmeres, striped lustres, floral sateens, and the new gauzy-looking zephyrs. Two ele gant cashmerettes have a creain ground, the check outlined in brick red, a navy blue. These, as well as the new zephyrs, are in all the shades of heliotrope, reseda, and fawn, in snowflake, checks, and broken cheeks. They are also shown in the more decided tones. The sateens are in brick red, and navy blue, with pretty floral designs. The lustres are somewhat similar to those worn years ago with this exception — the plain lustres have a fancy border and the others have either a plain, self-colored, or lace stripe, Some lovely designs in that ever-useful article art muslin are also shown. In liwferie, a great variety of goods are shown. From the Robede Chamhre in elegant needlework and richly trimmed with torchon lace and pink ribbon, and neat-stitched, piped and tucked under wear in beautiful shapes to the plain quickly-made ones. These are marked at so low a figure that when the price of making is taken into consideration one wonders where the money for the mate rial would come froui. In corsets, too, quite a variety are seen in different colors and shapes — ' The Royalist,' ' Syren,' 'Sunflower,' ' Rylt stone,' (in varied colors) and the ' Ready Money.' This is a very appropriate name for a good article sold at aii exceedingly low price. For Miss Gray cannot reap much profit from these low-priced goods, that if ready money were not forthcoming in a short time in payment for the ' Ready Money' the customer must indeed be short of cash, 'Australie' is dead! Shw whose pen has lent a charm to many leisure hours, and of whom most of us will now have sad and regretful thoughts mingled with the sweet and pleasant memories of ' Australie.' But not until her fingers were stilled forever did we fully realise the beauty of the word pictures they had painted, and what a blank these busy members helped to fill in the leisure moments of our lives. Her writings have so often brought sweetness to us, that the very name 'Australie ' will always recall pleasant memories. Poor ' Men of Mark !' I ; pity them, although 1 smile at their folly. If they had only listened to the ever-ready coun sel tendered gratuitously to ? them by their wiser spouses, they would not now stand abashed before them, and listen to the old-time familiar and home-like words — ' Didn't I tell you so ?' By thc-way how comforting it is to a woman to be able to give utterance to the well known words — ' L told you so !' From the Queen I glean that, Miss Fraiiecs Lord has issued a new edition of her translations of Ibsen's 'Morn' and ' Ghosts,' and Mrs. Campbell Pracd, (Mona Caird,) 'John Strange Winter,' and Mrs. Lovctt Cameron were among the gathering of 'literary folk con nected with the Royal Society of Authors. 