PARLIAMENTAKY VA«JA-C'k. What may truly be called an un timely event, in more cases than one, is the death of Mr. Alfred Lamb, one of the nembera. for'\^est Syd ney, which occurred last Mbndnv. The dece»!ted gentleman was in the piime of life, and to all appearances' the pink of health. His death was therefore unexpected.^ The death i« «lso untMnely^ocjeijtrine in the miitat of the great stoke. We were cer-r tainly in hope that no eleotioneef ing contest would take place dur ing the time the strike was on. It may well be regarded as a calamity that such will have to take place. But the calamity is being intensi fied by the leaders of the protection party in the Hoime, who. by making overtures to the labor organisations to run in the protection ruck, are taking undue advantage of the ex citement, at the risk of creating great strife, for the sake of a seat in the House. It is VLr. Dibbs all over : it is the policy hi has followed all through the session. When by fighting he could do nothing he was quiet, and made protestations of assistance to the Government ; when there wns a ghost of a chance of gaining aoy ' thing, at any cost, he went for it. Like a good many other people he has been, waiting to see which way the cat was going to jump before he pledged himself to any B:.de of the strike ; as soon as he feels a tooting he goes for labor. -What reason he had. to think that the labor organisations wpre going fur protection we. do not know. Has he accepted the fatae and stupid idea that 'every unionist is avaw, edly a protectionist?' The man ?that would express «uch a theory is one of two . thing!.— a fool-. or-* knave. As either one or the other He is a danger to ci vi Ji nation. ?» it coming to tbi?, that the labor or ganisations-are gtjing to demand of , its members that they state their political opinions before they toler ate their membership ? If(evet.an attempt.was made to enslave men both body and mind it is this at teittpt to try and xoako unionists avow ? a .protection ; policy. This' sentiment . a*, only a part ami .parcel of the action of the OppnHition: party in tbe House, who have ac i tually expel led ?tw.P; pf its mein bei s from the Opposition benches be :«a!p»^: flte^ ^^iRi]08 dissimilar to thV pjirty ojr|[^u6n» apart ^rom /Jbh^ fibcal po^y. ^ It appears to us i^ ^hat;both nni^nlsts «pd proteo« tionists wiUyet h'ave to try M. Save us Ifrpm oor:friend8;' ' ' ?,;? 