BISHOP KENNION'S PASTORAL. RELIGIOUS EDUCATION. The jReview this month publishes Bishop Kennion's pastoral, from which we make the following extracts:— "There are two very practical duties ready to hood, in which I will venture to ask for active sympathy and generous support. They are religious education and the Home Mission work of the Diocese. As regards the former it is increasingly evident that whatever is accomplished will have to be in entire inde pendence of the work done in the State schools. Even if the simplest and most rudi mentary religious education were given in these we should not be relieved of the duty of endeavouring to establish Church of England schools wherever it is possible; for the whole principle of our education differs from that adopted, or even proposed by soms to be adopted, in the State schools. At the most what is thus proposed is, that some instruction be given in religious knowledge in addition to the ordinary curriculum, whereas the root principle of the education we desire to impart is that the child ren have been made God's children, and are therefore to be taught to do His business; that they have been mleemued, and that therefore their lives are sacred to be trained for all good purposes; and that they are being sanctified by tue Holy Ghost (the souroe of all knowledge), and that all good desires and capabilities are to he fostered and developed by sound educa tion, baBed upon the law of duty to God and to man. Ho directly public appeal has yet been made to Church people for support for our Diocesan Board of Education. We wished to test the vatue of our work before we begged for help. The test of two or three years'experience is satisfactory. Our schools are growing, though slowly. How, I venture to ask for subscriptions'. If every Churchman and Churchwoman who values religious education (and it goes without aaying that all should do so) will be good enough to send such a subscription as can he properly afforded for so great a purpose, our Board will be in a position to vastly extend the . number of our schools, and their influence would soon begin to tell for good upon the community. (Hie other purpose for which at this season I earnestly ask for offerings and for practical sympathy is the Home Mission work of the Diocese. Every year's work shows me bow much more work may and ought to be done for the Church. There are large dis tricts where the work of the Church of 35ngl»nd is left practically untouched; there are more where, from want of means to put a sufficient number of clergy on the ground, the work is very imperfectly done. The feubscriu tion-list of the Home Mission Society reveals a vety small number of subscribers, and 1 do not think their regular subscriptions amount to much more than £8o0, at the most £300 per -annum. It ought to be four times that amount. There is no lack of sympathy with some particular missions, but it does not seem as if Church people understood how dependent the Church is for extension upon the devotion to her cause of those who already are partakers of her benefits." 