; OXFORD AND ITS SUR ROUNDINGS, Br Ocm Travelling Correspondent. Tha University of Oxford has been in exist ence for noarly 1000 years, and for moio than half that period it has been tbo centra of tho intellectual lifo of tho British Empire. It has been tho birthplaoo of all tho movements of the last four centurios from tho days of tho Lollards down to those of East End sentiments and ffoynbco Hall. Tho present tono of tho uni versity is, as I havo said on a pre vious occasion, liberal and radical to a degree, and tho majority of the under graduates and even of tho yotmgor dons would ho prepared to view with complacency tho most heroic experiments in tho way of Democratic Socialism. But a very short residonco at Orford has impressed mo with a very remark- nblo fact. It might bo oxpectcd that tho existcnco in their midst of a university and a large body of diligent scholars and learned pro fessors would have produced a certain effect upon the citizens of Oxford and tho dwollers in tho surrounding country. But tho effeot, if there he one at all, is the very opposite of what might reasonably bo expected. In no portion of tho Empire is tho distinction— not conven tional, but real — of class aud castomore remark able. While tho gownsman is amongst the most learned, tho most courteous and themostpolishcd of his generation, tho townsman, whether he bo shopkeeper, artisan or scout, is the most Boeotian oi Bueotains. I liavo rarely met more unpleasant persons than tho majority of tho Oxford trades men, aud I should imagine that as a class they possess far less culture and refinement than is to be found amongst their fellows in any other part of tho Empire. And certainly for crass t>r>f. or- celled by any other poasant in any part of tho world. An adventuro which occurred to mo a few days ago may havo gone somo way towards forming my opinion. I hired a dog cart in order to ilrivo ovor to Woodstock with the intention oi going ovor tho Park and Palaco of Blenheim. Arrived thoro my companion and I spent some hoars in sightseeing, and after a light but very Mtisfactory dinner at tho Boar Inn started to go homo. The dog eart was brought to the door ; we jumped in and drove off. I had not paid much attention to tho appcaranco of tho Jiorso wliioh I had driven over from Oxford, hut I could not help remarking that while driving tho journey from that city towards Woodstock ho had required pn occasional touch of tho whip in ordor to trmulato his flagging energies. He went very freely during tho journoy homewards, and only required to ho kept well in hand. I at first retributed his change of paco to his knowledge that lie was on his way to tho stable, but when II arrived at my destination tho groom, with a knowing wink, informed mo that I had brought hack a much bottor horso than I had started with, and this proved to bo 'tho case. Tho Jwstlcr of tho Boar at Woodstock had "swopped" horses. Tho nags took there were driven away by a commercial traveller, who, like mysolf, had hired to Stow-in-the-Wold, and It was two days before the mistako was remedied, and tho missing horses rostorod to their disconsolate stables. I recollect reading ia the odes of Peter Pindar the younger of a pntleman who hired a nag at tho livery table, returned him toanotherandknownothing whatever about thcchango until sometimeafter- wards, when ho received two bills, one for the fix weeks' hire of a grey maro and tho other for the six weeks' lceop of ditto, I was more lucky than the man whom tho Georgian poot described, hut the muddle mado by the Oxonian hostler co3t mo a couple of sovereigns, and my only asset in return was tho advioo of an Oxford lawyer to sue mino host of tho Bear, at Woodstock, for the money which had been extracted from my pocket through tho stupidity or his serving man. But I ain not so fond of liwr as to tako tho advice of my solicitor. There aro fow places bottor situated than Oxford for excursions to places of intorest, although the walks in tho immediate neighbor hood of tho town, outsido tho Chislohurst ' and Magdnlen meadows, ore not attractive. A rail way ride of 40 minutes takes tho sightsoor to Banbury, on historical town famed for its buns, the nursory rhymo with which it is asso ciated, a particularly indigestiblo but somowhnt toothsome delicacy called Banbury cakes, and oaf of tho largest establishments for tho manufacture of agricultural implomonts which is to bo found in any part of England. Tho town ooutains some vory pood examples of tho domestic architecture of the Tudor times, and somo of tho houses in tho market plaeo and tho high street havo not changed in their exterior or interior aspect since the times when they wore converted into hos pitals for tho men wounded at tho battle of IMgo Hill. The Reindeer Inn, in Parsons-street, is said to lmvc been a frequent halting place of Shakspearo in tho courso of his journcyings fiom Stmtford-on- Avon to London. It is all pblcs and architraves, and tho globe room — tho apartment in whioh I took lay tea — 1ms a riohly moulded ceiling and lino oak panelling, which dates from the Renaissance. Tho date 1570 is affixed to . many portions of tho building, but the founda tions and brick work aro believed to bo much chler. A short distanco from Banbury is V.'roston Abbey, tho scat of Lord North, whose daughter recently married one of the sons of Mr. Nicholas Fitzgerald, and grandson of tho lite Sir John O'Shaiinssy. The most intorostiug portion of the ahboy is tho chapol, said to date from the time of King John. Tho wholo build ing is extremely ancient, and there is nothing in it more modern than the days of tho Stuarts. Tho most noteworthy locality in tho neigh borhood is Edge Hill, about half way between I Banbury and Kincton, in Warwickshire, where I was fought tho first great battlo between E Charles I. and the Parliamentary forces. The rceuery between Banbury and Edge Hill, with- I out being grand or romantic, is indescribably R beautiful. Hill and dale, meadow and corn laud, park and village alternate in rapid suc-ession. Edge Hill itself is covered with timber, beeches, elms, chestnuts aud limes. The fields I drove by xvcro carpeted with daisies, primroses and wild anemones ; t'ae skylark was carolling in tho heavens ; tho blackbird was whistling in tho hedge rows. The eyu ranged ovor tho flat plain of War- wiekshiro-tho rich valley of tho Clicrrvoll, which runs into tho Thames in tho Chislohurst meadows at Oxford, after passing beneath tho beautiful bridge of Magdnlen. In tho wost and north-west arc the hills of Gloucestershire and Worcestershire, tiro Cottorwolds and tho iU.nl- wrns. Standing on tho top of Edge Hill I find it difficult to realise that I am in Warwickshire, and not much more than 30 miles from that aggregation of mines, hovels, slums and fac tories known as Birmingham and tho Black Country, and that not much more than twico that distance away, although in an opposito direction, lies that huge ant hill, London, with its teeming millions. Save for tho musio of tho Eong birds and the hoarse caw of tho crow, all is hktico and peace. And yet it was on this vory spot on tho 12th October, 1642, that tho two great hostile parties into which England was at that timo divided frst crossed swords. Tiro great landowner of the neighborhood, Lord Sayo and Sole, whose Cn.atos, sadly shorn of their former mag nitude, still surround Banbury, aud tho Earl of Warwick had cast their lot with tho Parliament. Tlia King, unpopular near the metropolis — tor the citizens of London and the »hy squires of Middlesex, Hertford- ' "Oi Huntingdonshire and Buckinghamshire ad declared against him — had unfurled tho o.val Standard at Nottingham, had recruited nrgely in orccstcrslrire, aud was directing his march upon his revolted capital. The Parlia mentarians, under tho Earl of Essex, decided ttpon giving, him battle while he wasyot on- hostile ground, although all tho points of vantage were occupied by tho King and his teutenant-General, the Earl of Lindsay, avliile e I arliamcntary troops wero so badly pro mt ed with ihe means of transport that Hainp- oen with 4000 men avas nnablo to keep up with tie main body. The numbers on both sides wore tolerably equal. Tho King had about 15,000 : '.'le 1'arliamoritary army commenced tho with 12,000, which avas increased to 15,000 ® j -en the troops under Hampden appeared upon "0 sc'n ore tut indifferently supplied with weapons, tttp.ements of warfare such as tho long bow and ee "ess bow, avhioh had not beon used since o _ ars of the Roses, resumed their places in ensno warfare. Tho musketeers, with their "S matchlocks ; . tho heavy oavalry, in casques, breastplatoB and greavos ; tho Boons, so called from tho drake, the fire- B tl«>y carried, avere consplenovis onbotli sidos. The Royal army was strong in cavalry, and amongst tho infantry wore tho regiments of guards. In point of equipment and disoiplino tho two armies wore tolerably equal, but tho Royalists had unquestionably tho strongest position, as thoy wero in occupation of tho crest of tho hill. Prince Rupert wanted to descend to tho plain and at once givo battle, the more especially as ho know that Hampdon with tho greater portion of tho Parliamentary artil lery avas no nearor than Stratford-on- Avon. But tho Prince was overruled, and surrendered tho command of tho cavalry to tho moro cautious Earl of Huthvon, who, like tho Commander-in-Chief, was a Scotch soldier of much experience in tho Continental wars. Judging from tho names of the noble men avho took part in tho fray, it would nppoar as if tho sympathies of tho groat governing families wore about equally divided. Tho Earls of Essex and Warwick and Lord Sayo and Solo, tho ancestors of tho Duko of Manchostor and of Lord Wharton, fought with tho Parlia ment ; tho Scotch and Welsh lords, Lord Wilmot, Lord Willoughby do Broko and a swarm of county families wero with tho King, The peaco which, with the ex ception of a few unimportant outbreaks during the days of tho Tndors, had been maintained on the soil of England from the period of tho Wars of the Roses was first broken by tho artillery of Lord Essox. For some timo the troops of the King obtained a decided advautago ; some regi ments of tho Parliamentary infantry Hod in great disorder, and wero pursued by Rupert's cavalry, who Babred them as far from the field as tho streets of Kincton, Indeed, the left wing of the Parliamentarians was completely routed, and if tlio advantage had been followed up with energy, the Royalists would havo scored a deci sive victory, But on the right wing of tho two 'armies the position was exactly reversed. Tho King a imuuiry wero cut to pieces ; his artillery men wero sabred atthoirguns; tho commander- in-chief under the King, Lord Liudsay, himself was killed ; the red regiment of the King's Guard was almost annihilated, and tho Royal Standard captnrcd, but subse quently retaken. In tho centre ot tho army the Royalists wore not moro fortunate, and the blue regiment of King's troops was defeated with great loss. The Parliamentary fugitives of the left wing fled beyond Kineton in full rotrcat towards Stratford-on-Avon and Warwick. But the pursuit of Princo Rupert's cavalry was chocked by tho advanco of the Parliamentary troops under Hampden, under whoso pro tection tho fugitives reformed and drove baok tho victorious Royalist soldiers. It would certainly seem from the history of tho battle that tho advantage rested with tho Parlia mentary troops, but in the morning neither sido had any inclination to renew tho fight, although it is certain that tho King's troops had sustained tho heaviest losses (moro than 3000 men were slain), not only in tho battlo itself, but in the desertions whioh followod. All tho farmers and peasants in tho neighborhood woro Parlia mentarians, and not only brought no provisions to tho Royal army, but knocked any stragglers on tho head. Edge Hill was the first battle at which Oliver Cromwell smelt powder, and with his usual good fortuno ho was with the victorious right wing. It is strango that tho fluctuations in tho tide of battlo which ooounod at Edgo Hill wero repeated at Nascby and Marstou Moor. Much moro accessible from Oxford tlmn tho site of tho Battlo of Edge Hill is Woodstock, with its traditions of King Ethelred, Alfred the Great, Stephen, lfair Rosamond and tho Eng lish sovereigns down to the days of Elizabeth, who was confined there. Woodstock was a favorite residence of tho Stuart kings, and is tho scene of Sir Walter Scott's celebrated novol. The popular stories about Fair Rosamond are not quite supported by historical truth. Tho lady' was tho daughter of Lord Clifford, and so far from boing murdered by the ordor of Quoen Eleanor, sho died in tho full odor of sanctity at the nunnory of Godston, near Oxford, after residing there for moro than 20 years. Tho attachment of Henry II. to Rosa mond commenced early in life, and resulted in tlie birth of William Longespee, who married tho daughter and heiress of tho Earl of Salis bury and succeeded to tho title and estates. Eleanor, who is said to have offered her rival tho alternative of the dagger or tho bowl, seems to have been a beautiful fiend. According to Hep- worth Dixon, she was one of tho most profligate women of her not very moral time. While she was living with her 'first husband, Louis VII. of France, she scandalised her court' by her .passion for her uncle, Raymond do Poitou. When she wandered into Palestine as a crusader, she shocked both European and Saracen by her intrigues with the Sultan Saladin. Later in life she had a guilty tendresse for Geoffrey Plantagenet, Count of Anjou. After his death she transferred her shameful passion to his son. At length tho patience of King Louis was worn out, and in spite of his desire to retain her Duchy of Aquitame, he put Eleanor from his house, and stripped her of tho names of wife and queen. Six weeks after her divorce from Louis she married Henry of Anjou, Henry II. of England, ho being 22 yearn of ago and she 36. Henry found his wifo as false to him as sho had boon to Louis, and her conduct to him was one continuous act of outrage. Henry, in revenue sought consolation in tho company of Fair Rosa mond. Tho Queen resented his infidelity and he shut her up in prison, and built for his mis tress a bower "the like of which was never seen." The site of this bower is said to have becu near the lake and to be washed by tho cool and limpid stream which to-day is called Fair Rosamond's Well. . Modern Woodstock is best known by its con nection with tho Churchill family. In 1702 tho once royal manor of Woodstock was granted to John, Duko of Marlborough, his heirs and successors for ever. Tho estato consists of 2337 acres, and tho park covers 2700 acres. A sum of £500,000 was expended in building the palaco, whioh is n truly magnificent work of art, and to tho Duko and his descendants wero granted a perpetual pension of £4000 a year. I recollect hearing Mr. Murray Smith once doliver a lecture, in tho courso of whioh lio ascribed tho origin of most of tho great families of England to tho oupidity of an ancestor or to tho frailty of an ancestress. It was to tho latter source that the original greatness of tho Marlborough family is attributable, although tho oupidity of tho cluke was as remarkable as the frailty of his sister. Arabella OlinrchiU was tho mistress of James II. when lie was Duke of York, and sho was enabled to provide handsomely for lier brother John, who obtained a commission in tho guards at tho ago of 16, and was a gonoral when ho was 24\. Ho certainly showed distinguished nbility as a conimaudor, and his .wife, Sarah Jennings, managed to socuro aud retain the favor of Queen Anne. No British goneral ovor contrived to make so much money out of his position. Ho was accused in the House of Commons of mis appropriating £500,000 by stopping 2 per cent, out of tho pay of tho foreign troops main tained by England, with taking a bribo of £63,000 from two Jewish contractors who supplied tho army with broad, and with making enormous profits out of tho clothing and accoutrements supplied to tho army. His only dofenco was that "such sums woro tho usual perquisites of a commander in chief." There is a sort of retributive justico in tho com parative poverty which has come over the present Duke, caused partly by his dissipation and extravagance, and partly by the slirinkago in the value of agricultural land throughout rural England. A palace liko Blenheim, wluch covors seven acres of land and was built in the days of Queen Anue at a cost of half a million, an enormous sum in those times, costs a vory large sum to keep up, and the Duke has had to sell, ono after another, the collection of gems, tho Sunderland library, which had been bought for £60,000, and was sold at a 30 days sale for nearly as much, and the magnificent picture gallery, one specimen, a Rubens, having beon sold to tho National Gal lery for £70,000. Tho present Duke had even commuted his pension, and was at his last legs, but having been divorced from his wife, the daughter of tho Duko of Abercorn, ho was lucky enough to como across an American widow, who thought that sho was rich onough to buy a great historical title, even if it wero encumbered with such a husband as the Dnko of Marlborough. Tho money of the Duchess has rcgildcd tho coronet of tho Duke, and sho has onco again mado Blenheim a com fortable residence, although its greatest attrac tions and masterpieces havo been dispersed all over England. Still tho palace is well worthy a visit, and tho park and grounds arc magnificent. Another pleasant excursion from Oxford is to Oumnor, a village in tho Berkshire Hills, about four miles from the city, c-ichratcd for its con nection with tho ill fated Amy llubsart, the i noroino or sir Walter Scott's woll known novol of Kcnilworth, Thoro seems little doubt that Amy, who is buried at St. Mary's Church, Ox ford, mot with her doatli somewhat in the manner described in the novol, but the Sir Riohard Varnoy of tho tale was in reality a member of tho family of tho Vorneys, of Compton Vcrney, in Warwickshire, and tho ancestor of tho presentLordWilloughby do Broke. Tony Forster was not tho unprepossessing scoundrel, half hangman and half butcher, described in tho novel, but a gentleman of birth and breeding, and membor of Parliament for Abingdon. Cumnor Hall, tho scone of Amy Robsart's untimely death, has disappeared altogether, much of tho timbor and stone used in Reconstruction having beon cmployedinrestoring tho Church of Withnm in Borkshire. But tho monument of Anthony Forster still oxists, and is extremely elaborate, whilo tho inscription is highly eulogistic. Tho Bear and Ragged Staff, tho iqn kept in the novel by Giles Gosling, a man of goodly presence and somewhat round belly, 50 years of age and upwards, moderate in his reckonings, prompt in his payments, having a cellar of sound liquor, a ready wit and a pretty daughter, still hangs out its sign. But it is little moro than a country pot house, with ono room, a kitchen, with oaken seats and a floor of stone. Luckily tho charges are as moderate as tho nature of the accommodation, and for two oups of tea and some broad and butter my companion aud myself xvcro only assessed in tho very moderate sum of 4d. Tho lnndlndy had never read Kcnilworth, but sho had heard tho parish clork say that Mndamo Dudley's ghost did uso to walk in Cumnor l'ark, now a park no longer ; sho xvalked so obstinately that it took no less that nine jiarsons in Oxford to lay her. At last they laid hor in a pond callod Madam Dudley's pond, and, wonderful to tell, the xvater in that pond was never known to freeze afterwards. But if tho landlady of tho Bear and Ragged Staff, tho insignia of tho proud Earl of Leicester, was not ablo to afford much information about tho true history of Amy Robsart, sho was a great authority on tho allotment question, and sho bore willing testi mony to tho improvement in tho condition of tbo agricultural laborers, since most of them were ablo to obtain a rood of land, and thus realise tho condition of society de scribed by Goldsmith, xvlion "every rood of land maintained its man." A rood of land is not a very largo ostate, but thoro is no doubt thnt it is a groat boon to an agricultural laborer, and its possession enables him to bo much moro in dependent of the former and the landlord than ho was previously. And so the ory of "throe acres and a cow " has not beon altogether use less, although it has dxvindled down to "a quarter of an aero and a pig." 