CHECKMATED. By CAArA1 S L'EsraaxuE. The world had gone wrong with me lately, so to speak. I, Gerald Mfortimer, a young man abouttown, a member of two West- end clubs, and of expensive if not extravagant tastes, had quarrelled with my uncle-the only living relative I had, excepting a half-consin from whom hitherto I had received at handsome quarterly allowance, and. as the phrase goes, had" great expectations." But this was not the worst of it. I was desperatelyin love with a very pretty girl, and though no actual engagement existed between us, Ihuad fondly believed I was acceptable not only to the young laily in question, but to her parents. Now, however, to add to my chagrin at finding myself comparatively with out means, 1 fancied. rightly or wrongly, thati I was receiving the " cold shoulder" from the father and motherof my adorable Mabel. To live and clothe myself decently, pay tlhe somewhat heavy subsernntion to my two clubs, and keep up the aforementioned rather expen sivre tastes, I had just two hundred pounds a year-the rental of a small lauded property bequeathed to me by my late father. My debts, to be sure, were neither overwhelming nor particularly pressing. A couple of hundred or so would pay them ; but then, again, that couple of hundred was twelve montlhs' income. This uncle of mine, my dead father's elder brother, from whom my chief source of income had been derived, was a country squire, with a big rent-roll, jovitil and hospitable as a rule, but eccentric to a degree. The mischief be tween us had come about as unexpectedly as it was sudden. I had been accused of that of which I was its innocent as a babe, and in hotly repudiating the charge had given dire offence. Heowever, although parting in anger, it was not until my umonetary allowance was stopped that Irealised the bitterness of the quarrel. .Tohn Mortimer, my half-cousin, was a young ellow about a year or two my junior; but some fhow; although so near of an age. as well as being relatives and frequently meeting. woe ad never taken kindly to each other. And now I shrewdly suspected that whatever of mischief had stepped between my uncle and me had been wrought by Master Jack Mortimer. and deter that it should not be myaiumdltif he were not brought to book. Ilowever, after what I have written, and much more, having been the subjects of my thoughts for some days, I determined to make a last etfort to set matters right with my uncle. I had been accused of gambling-of having lost upwards of five hundred pounds at cards at one sitting--which was utterly false; for whatever my failings, the curse of gnumbling could not be reckoned amongst them. One spring morning, alter a night journey of a couple of hundred miles from town, found ime at the nearest railway station to my uncle's manor, with no luggage beyond a small travel ling bag and a rug. The little market town where 1 alighted was but five miles from the Hall, and breakfastinugat the one decent hotel in the place, I elected to walk the dishmtance leaving my emnelimbrances isn charge of the landlady, td whom I was well known. - SOi the way, andt especially when I arrived at the park, the unlleasant feelnug was strong upon me that imy uncle might decline to grant mIe the interviews which I now sought. Like the generality of lhot-tempered people, his passion .was soon over; iand yet, whe:s disposed, he could be as obstinate as most men, eas his brother magistratesladproved on many occasions. But to my agreeable surprise I was told, after my arrival had been announced by one of the old servants-a strange experience to me than to have to sendin my name-thbat "the squire" would come to me in the library at once. Whatever feeling of hope might have hbee in my heart as to a reconciliation between us suddenly left it as my uncle entered. His hand some and usually kindly old face was dark with displeasure, and there was a cold, contemptuous glance in his blue eyes as they met mine whiclh I had never seen before " Have you no senses of shame left, Gerald Mortimer," lie said, in a hard voice, after he had closed the door lehind hism, " that you have the effrontery to come to this house ?-vou, who have disgraced the name you bear--dis graced the memory of your gallant father, who died for his country--and have committed a vulgar crime against society and me ?" " I fail to understand you, sir," I rejoined utterly astounded at his words. "If you are alluding to the accusation you made against me as to gambling, I repudiate it now as I did before. In fact, I am here to-day to try" '"Pshaw!" he interrupted. "'hIonest men have gambled : and in time I might have for given it, if you had stoplped at that, and shown your regret for what had assed. But you you, a Mfortinmer-to stoop to forgery." ' It is false," I cried-" false us the other charge. And whoever has poisoned your mind against ome, lies in his teeth :" "Gerald Mortimer, do not add falsehood to your other misdeeds," continued the squire; "for, unhappily, I hold the proof that you, my own nephew, have forged my name." Ansd, as lie spoke. my uncle took from the breast of his shooting-jacket, a letter, from whichld, when unfolded, he produced a smaller piece of paper. "Examine that. sir," he added." and let me hear if you have the effrontery to likewise deny your oaon signature?'" I could scarcely credit my own eyesight whenm I looked at what was written within. It was a dishosnoured acceptance for six hundred pounds, drawn a little over three months before upon Richard Mortimer, Esquire, and signed Gerald Mortimer, and apparently duly accepted by my uncle. "Well, sir," asked he, impatiently, "what have you tosay !" " 'lfiat I have never seen this document be fore to-day," I answered. " What!" he thundered. " Do you dare to deny to me your own signature, whlich I know as well as I do my own :" "I do deny it :" I added,,passionate!y. "The signature is so good :u imitation of mine that under ordinary circumstances it might de ceive cveni myself; but I swear to you, sir, that I never drew or accepted a bill in my life." I think that my uncle believed me, for the whole expression of his face changed; but, still, as he took the bill from me he glanced at it again and again witha puzzled look, for, as willpresently appear, there was some confirm atory evidence in his mind, in addition to the handwriting. Seeing that he hesitated, and was not just then disposed to speak, I added: " Will you please tell me, sir, all that has transpired, so far as you are are aware, in con nection with that forged acceptance ?" " Yes," he replied, " that is only fair. As I understand it was presented in duo coarse to the London agents of my bankers, who, having received no instructions, declined to pay it. On being communicated with. I repudiated all knowledge of such draft, until, to my horror, I learned that it bore your signature, when, to save the honour of our famnily, I gave instruc tions that it shouloid be taken ul. At the same time I desired that inquiries should be insti tuted; and the person in whose hands it was a Wesotenid money-lender-easerted that he discounted, thbill for you, and, further, that you were known to him personally. Here is his name at the back of the bill, and what purports to be your endorsement to him. " It is as false as the rest, sir," I said, a few moments later, when I had taken a second glaucent the forged bill. "Iknow the man by nsmo, but I know nothing good of him. I have had no trnessietions with him-in inct, never spoke to him in my life." " You declare this upon your honour, Gerald ILortimer ?" asked my ucle, after a pause. "I do, sir," I added, "and I am going back to London at once to face this ruscally money lender." "You will stay here until to-morrow," said my uncle, looking at his watch. "I want time to think, audto talk the matter overquietly." "If you please, no, sir," I rejoined, deter minedly. "The alnswering of an infamous charge like this adeits of no delay." " But you have beeni travelling all night, I expect," added the s:luire, "and require some rest, surely ?" The words were kindly meant and expressed, butI was resolved to depart, and after a hasty luncheon I was driven in a dog-cart to the railway station, being just in time to call for my bag aid rug, and catch an up fast train. The following morning shortly before 11 o'clock found smot tIhe office of the money lender who had held the forged accmptanc, and who had asserted that he had received it from Much to my chagrin, however, I was told that he was not in, anweould not be at busi ness till the morrow. There was but one soli tary clerk in the office, a sharp.eyed old man, who glanced at me curiously, and, us it occurred to me, as though I was not unknown to him; and moreover, on declining to givemy name, I fandced the ghost of a smile pla.ed about his thin lips. After leaving the morsey-lender's oflicm.I strolled along Picc~ldilly to the park. tleing just theln in thie height of the season, and a brilliant morning, the Row was pretty full of equestrians, mauys?f whom were known. to me. I had been leaning over theorailings for some titne, 'but'hiappened to turn round: at .the sumeaqoct a casigs was rposing along the defiv: -goinig westward. In it were semted my aidsoroah Eahel ?d her fttherrand as I'raded my hat, th.fahir eb~ot of mn afferlion gave me a -itetbowad-a haldaghtened amil; ibst, t.a my disgust and anger, the gentleman vouch safed not the slightest acklowvledg gment to my salutation. Considering that, if not actually an accepted suitor of hist daughter, my preteni-ons had not been ignored, and that for two seasons I had beeon a welcome visitor to his house, this slight was, to say the least of it, offensive. However, 1 was (onl being taught the difference between an heir-presumpltive to much wealth and a young moan with two hundred pounds a year. The foliowing day I was to have another odd experience of life. but of i far different kind. I was to meet with a case of the utost unparal leled impudence and audacity that surely man ever encountered. About the unae hour as on the previous morning I once more called at the oflice of the money- lender, bill discounter, or whatever he might style himself, and, as though I were expected. was immediately ushered into his private room, uuannouncedl as to name. tHe was young, well-dressed, and not bad looking, antd received me with a very cool niod. " When I tell you that I am Mr. Gerald iMortimer," I said, "you will guess the object of my visit." "There is no occasion to give me your name," was the cool rejoinder, "for I have too much cause to remember it and you. It beats me, Mr. Gerald Mortimer, how you have the assu:runce to show your face hero again after foisting upon me a forged bill." "You infamous scoundrel," I exclaimed, almost beside myself with rage. " you know this is the first time that ever you spoke to me in your life, and you have the audacity to sit there and avow that I have had transactions with you. "Go on. my friend," retorted the fellow, with an insolent laugh. "Xo," Iadded, " have nothing more to say to you. The police are the proper parties to deal with such rascals as you. Mark me, man, you and your accomplices in this conspiracy shall feel the penalties of the law. You have forced or connived at the forgery of both my suu e's signature and mine, and you shall suffer for it." The scoundrcl laughed defiantly as I walked out of his room-a scoffing, mocking laugh that I could hear until I got into the street. Once clear of this infamous den, my first idea was to go to Scotl:and Yard and place the matter in the hands of the police authorities; anid I actually went some distance towards Ctharing Cross with thatiintention in my mind. A little thought, however, induced me to decide upon taking the advice of an old friend of mine before doing anything further. Ie was a man my senior by only a year or two-for we had been school fellows-but one upon whose good oftices and knowledge of the world Icould thoroughly rely. ..On reachint his chambers in tle Albany lie re ceived me kindly.. Then, when he had listened to amy story. he said : "A rascally business, Gerald, tmy boy, and I quesiiotif yourfirst idealof going direct to Scotland Yard would not have been the best thing youcould have done. - However, there will be nothing lost by waiting until to- morrow. Dine with me to niglt, go with mo tothe.opera, and then you shall have my decision- beforewe part." .. . . " Agreed !" Ianswered; . and havisng gone home to dress I joined my friend later on. Over dinneor. hotold me that he had already come to the conclusiont that I must see the police, and it was arranged` that he should accompany me to Scotland iYard on the follow ing morning. it was ratherlate when we got to Covent Garden Theatre, but we were itn time for the last two acts of the opera, and stayed outthe ballet. On getting down into the lobby there was a bit of a crush, for there had been a very full house, and we had to wait for a minute or two. At length, as we were making our way out, somebody pushed agsiust me-rudely, as it seemed--aid I turned to see who I-ans the aggressor. To my astonishment I discovered that tie man sandingnearesttoe me, and who must have been the person who jostled me, was the rascally money-leader with whom I had had the interview that morning. He was evidently only waiting to see the people depart, for he was not in evening dress, and as our eyes met, there was ant insolent, aggravating sneer on his face. Possibly the push which the fellow gave me might have been accidental, but the sneer and the insolent looks were not, and without a thought of where I was-that ladies were almost touching ume oil the other side-I struck him. Strai,_ht from the shoulder as over it went in tmy life, my right fist caught him fullin the mouth, and he swent down witi a crash. It was all over in a few seconds. Some people came betwteen ius. my friend seizea me by the arm, and presently we were in a hansom cab, being being driven westward. " Gerald, my boy, what were you thinling about ?" said my companion when he had got me into the cab. "In the names of peace amind order, my dear follow, what had the man done to you that you should knock him down like that:" "Donoe tome!" Iansweredhotly. "It was the fellow we were speaking of to-day-the rascally money-lender who forged, or at all events held that bilL" " Oh, oh!" ejaculated my friend, laughing softly ; " I understatud it all now. -evertheless, you would have been a wiser man if you had kept your hands oil him." "'I could not help it," I rejoined. "He nushed against me as we were coming out, and if you had seen the eneer that was on his face, I fancy you would have done is 1 did if you had been in my place." "Perhaps," was the admission, " but anyhow we tnust be before him inthe morning, or we may have him invoking the aid of a magistrate insttiad of ourselves." - The cab was pulled up just then to tell the driver to tiko us to one of the two clubs of which I was a memnber, little thinking at the moment of the terrible sight of which my friend and I were shortly to be witnesses by going there. In the smoke-room, on our arrival, we found several men, well known to both of us, and amongst them a Guardsman in uniform who had been oil duty, and looked in on his way to his chambers. We had not been many minutes in the club when one of the waiters rushed into the smoke room-ia pale and affrighted look on his face with the startling announcement that one of the members was lying, either dead or dying, on a couch in the card room. Springingnto our feet we hurried in a body to the adjoining apartment, and never shall I forget the scene which a mit ent or two IIet my eyes. Lyilg oil one of the couches, his limbs and features fixed in the last terrible convulsions of death, was my own cousin, Dick Mortimer. and almost as we arrived there, all was over. Apo plexy some of the men said it was, but poisoned by his own act it proved to be when the doctors had examined the body, and the inquest had been held. The cause of death, hoewever, I guessed at that night, or, more correctly speaking, in the early hours of the monertuing, when I returned to my rooms. Lying on the table I found a letter from my unhappy cousin, which had arrived during my absence. In it he confessed, out of a spirit of pique and revenge, to haviog forged mynumo to the bill anduour mcale'a aceptonce of it. His hitomplice, the money- lenoder, he further stated, was to have the proceeds for conniving at this criminal transaction, and, in fact, had been the one to suggestthe schemefor ruinmmgme. I telegnraphed at once to the squire, and he arrived min town with the least possible delay. In the interval, the police had been at work, but their endeavour to arrest the rogue of a money-lender had been fruitless. Iis clerk was fountid at the ofiice, but professed to know nothing, and his master,so far as I have been able to learn, was seen no more. He had drawn a largeo cheque upon his bank, leaving but a balance of a few pounds, on the previeous after. noon, and the last that was known of him was when I knocked him down at Covent Garden Theatre. That I was restored to my uuclo's favoer and to my old position as to "expectations," it is scarcely necessary for me to relate : but it may be interesting if I add that I married Mabel; and thereby became oone of the most happy of mortals.-l7rrc'lt ldtd!/f. The present Pope (sayd the tall .Ifall Gazettle) is determined to move with the age. It is not only that he leaves the Vatican at times, but he opens part of it which the public hitherto knew olty by reputation. IHe has niow given direc tionse that the Borgia galleries he thrown open. Among the 11,000 rooms of the Vatican this suite thas been quite foirotten, and yet it was once the very residence, the actual living.rooms, of the Popes. Alexaunder VI. had them deco-e rated by Pinturicchio, who came down to paint them, stopping on his way at Perugia and Orvieto. Then Sixtus V. thought the apartments too sunk, and built the splendid pile on the north side of the Cortile of San Damaso, where he and his successors have ever since lodged.' Thuold rooms were locked up, and put to occasiolal use, as for the accommo dation of cardinals during the Conclave, or even for the tables of the tbustohtuli.during toly, Week. Pius .PII., indeed, : collected some pictures and statues whitch Were kept here, and one room was devoted. to an: armoury . the accutrtrements of Julius rI..thewarnr Pope, being the chief attattril. A.ll thesgullote .Kill sliortly be thmrowi. bpe?n, a~nd.'th will be the fitst itep tewa. d lotti.g dayligbt intouiaat' thmlyto. 