HOWI AWOKEITTHELL: LEAVES FROM A DEAD MAN'S DIARY. The anonymous dead man, writes a London correspondent, who commenced hie phenomenal reminiscences in the February number of Lippincotts, gets to serious business in the next issue. When he first returned to life the subject seemed too solemn to turn to account for copy, and each of the several years which have elapsed since he died have taken away some part of the recollections. He asserts, however, that his reminiscences, vague and fragmentary as they are, have been scrupulously kept within the accurate limits of his recollection. He has never filled in a missing outline, but has given the picture exactly as he sees it. Resuming his narrative he tells us that though he remained in the spirit death only two days, it seemed to him weeks and months and years since his real death, and the hour that he became conscious of that death. Whether my death was succeeded by a season of slumber, in which certain ap- pointed and divinely-ordered dreams were caused to be dreamed by me, or whether God caused the hands on the dial of Time to be put back for a space in order that I might see the past as He sees it, I neither knew nor know, but I distinctly remember that the first thing of which I was conscious of after my dissolution was that the events of my past life were rising before me. Yes, it was my past life that I saw in that awful moment, my paBt life standing out in its own naked and intolerable horror, an abomination in the sight of God and of my own conscience. The hands on the dial of Time went back half a score, and finally a score and a half of years, and once more I was a young man of 21. The chambers in which I was then living were situated in one of the well known inns off Holborn, and the housekeeper of the wing where I was quartered was a widow, who, with her daughter Dorothy, a girl of 17, resided on the premises. The tragedy of poor Dorothy can be imagined without being told. Both were young, impressionable, and opportunity was not lacking for an acquaintance which a thunderstorm ripened in a moment into ungovernable passion. She occupied the room over his chamber, and after long struggling with temptation he fell. My passion had but simulated defeat, as passion often does, in order that it might turn in an unguarded moment and rend me with redoubled fury. The next moment I siw my last gasping effort to will what was right and true sink amid the tempestuous sea of sinful wishes, as a drowning man sinks after he has risen for the third time; and deliberately thrusting away, in the very doggedness of despair, the invisible hand which yet strove to stay me, I rose and sought the room which I prayed I might never enter. You may wonder perhaps how it is that I am able to recall vividly the circumstances ot an event which happened many years ago. You would cease so to wonder had you seen, as I have seen, the ghost of your dead self rise up to cry for. vengeance against you, and to condemn you before the judgement- seat of God and of your own conscience. For this was my first glimpse of hell; this was my day of judge* ment. The recording angel of my own indestructible and new God-awakened memory showed me my past life as God 6aw it, and as it appeared when robbed of the loathsome disguises with which I had so long contrived to hide my own moral nakedness. The one thing of all horror which added to the unutterable horror of that moment was the memory of the false and lying excuses with which I had striven to palliate my sin to myself. This is the way in which I had repeatedly striven to palliate my sin to myself. This is the way in which I had repeatedly striven to silence my conscience, but it is but one instance of the way in which many others on this earth are now striving to silence theirs. "For God's :e," I would say to them, " beware!" Such hardening of the heart against the Holy Spirit, such God-murdering (for it is the wish to kill God and silence his voice for ever) it IB one unpardonable sin which is a thousandfold more awful in its consequences than is the crime which it seeks to conceal. It was the foulest stain on the soul of him who hung by the dyiiig Savour ; and it is, I believe, at this moment the one and only thing which still keeps hell hell and Satan Satan. I remember that when the realisation of what I was, and what I had done was first borneiniipo"nH&re;,T*fell 10 the ground and writhed jn convulsive agony. The tortures of a material hell—of. a thousand .material hells—I would have endured withjoyfulnesB could such tortureB have drowned for one moment the thought-agony that tore me. Mere physical Buffering in which, though it were powerless to expiate, I could at least participate by enduring, I would have 1 welcomed with delirious gladness, but of such relief or diversion of thought there was none. To annihilation^ had such been then within my reach, I would.have fought my way,through a thousand devils. But in hell there is no escape. I remember that I rose up in my despair, and stretching vain hands to the impotent heavens, shrieked out as only one can shriek who is torn by hell- torture^ and despair. I fell to the ground and writhed and foamed in convulsive and bloody agony.. But not thus could I rid royBelfof the Bights of hell, nor could mere physical pain wipe out from my brain the picture of che ruin l had wrought. And then;— but iio, I am sick, I am ill, I am fainting, I cannot, I cannot write more. 