ME. AND MES. BOWSER, j. By Mrs. Bowses. I suppose Mr. Bowser is just like all other husbands in regard to money matters, and 1 hope no one will get the idea that I am speak ing in a complaining tone. It is the duty of a wife to put up with whatever queer tnrngs ner husband's nature may develop, # and no wife must wonder over a husband's inconsistencies and incomprehensible actions. . A few weeks before we were married he himself brought up the subject of money matters, and that to my great embarrassment. In a sudden burst of liberality he said : " There is oue thing which Bhall never happen in my. house.' You will never he obliged to.aBk me for money. I know husbands who treat their wives as they would collectors come for an outlawed account. They pinch them down to the last shilling, and even then demand to know how that was expended. Such husbands as those deserve the contempt of every decent man." . ... . " Yes," I replied, not knowing what else to say. " When we are married," he continued, "half my income is yours. Why not? We are the same, or will he the same, as partners in business. Although I may carry the money about for mutual convenience and safety, you have the same right to it as I have. When yott want any, just go to the pocket-bouk and help yourself." We had been married several weeks when I wanted a couple of dollars. I happened to think of it as Mr. Bowser lay asleep on the lounge one ©vomugt and. I therefore took out his pocketbook, removed a 2aol. bill, and re placed tbe rest as I found it. As I did so he jumped up and yelled out : Well, if that isn't cheek then I don't know what the article is ! Married only six weeks, and you are robbing your husband !" " You told me to help myself." " Never ! I'd look pretty telling you to rob me, wouldn't I ?" . " But you said half yonr income belonged to me, and that I never need ask for money." " You must be crazv. What on earth could you do with money ? Why, if you had 15dol. or 20dol. per week you'd run us to rum m three months. I don't want to pinch you down as some wives are pinched, but don't you ever have the audacity to put a hand on my wallet again. When yon want change I'll give it to yon." In the course of a week or two I asked him for a dollar. It was at the breakfast table, and the way he suddenly looked up almost caused me to clioko on a mouthful of potato.' " A dollar !" he exclaimed. " Yes, yon said I should ask you when I wanted any money. __ " Humph ! Here is40c., and I hope you will oxerclse good judgment in ei-p ending It . Two days laterne inquired how I had used the money, and by way of reply I said : _ " Mr. Bowser, we have been married eight weeks. ' Your income, as you have informed me, is 40dol. per week." " W-what's that to do with this case t. " A great deal, sir, You have had 280dol. come in since we were married. How have you spent it? Please get out your account book. " Are you talking to me ?" . a Qgrtftjuly. X ftm the Bsmio us ft business , partm r. How has that money gone ?" He tried to say something in reply, hut words failed him, and he put on his hat and walked round the block to cool off. When he returned he had calmed down sufficiently to say : " Mrs. Bowser, there must he a head to every house. "Yes." " That head must see to money matters." " Yes." "I don't want to pinch you down, as I said before, for I despise a husband who will do that. While my money is your money iO a certain extent, it — it — " . "It is not my money to another certain ex- tent?" ' . " Well, the proper way for you is to confer with me as to what you need." " If you want a cigar or a drink of beer or a street car ticket, do you confer with me ?" " But that's different." " Oh ! it is ! Yery well — let us confer. Get out your pencil and put down : 1 strap for 1 petticoat, 2c.; 1 darning needle, lc.; 6 agate buttons, 3c. ; 1 corset lace—" << stop !" he interrupted. " As I said before, I don't want to pinch you down, but I hope you will exercise good judgment in making your purchases. Here's a half, and you needn't show me any hill of items." We had not been married three months when 1 observed some very peculiar actions on the part of Mr. Bowser. He would count his money the last thin"1 at night and the first thing in the morning. On two occasions I found Lis wallet in the hall- tree drawer when I came down first. Again, it was under the lounge in the sitting- room. When I asked for an explanation of these'queer proceedings he replied that it was to guard against burglars. One nignt, when he thought I was asleep, he got up and took his wallet from under the bureau aud hid it between the mattresses of the spare bed. An hour later I went in and found it and removed its contents, about 40dol. This money I placed in his pants pocket and went to sleep prepared for a surprise party. One came. I was down stairs when he got up, and pre sently I heard him dancing about and shout- Iflcf; By the great horn spoon ! hut we ve heen robbed, Mrs. Bowser !" "Well?" " We had burglars in the house last night ! " "No !" "Yes, we had!" " How do you know ?" " Because my money is gone !" " Where was it ?" ( t jjj wac ' ' He checked himself there and mumbled some thing I could not hear, hut when he_ came down he was white as a ghost, and his voice trembled as ho said " Mrs. Bowser, do you think the cook is honest?" " Why, of course. How could she come m our bedroom and take your wallet out of your coat ?" " Strangest thingl ever saw. They tookthe money, hut left the wallet." At this moment he began, searching his pockets, and when he found the money_ he looked so foolish that I felt to pity him. bmce then I have found his wallet in the washstand, in the bed, behind the bureau, under different chairs, in the clothes hamper, and behind the clock. Once he left his doat to have a button sewed on. I had not got around to it yet, and he had been - gone an hour or, more, when, I looked out and saw him coming up the street on the keen jump, with everybody turning to look at him. I supposed the house was on fire, and grew so weak that I tad to fall into a chair. He jumped against the front door with a great hang, fussed around to unlock it, and finally rushed in to yell out : " Whereas my coat ?" " Is — is the house afire ?" I asked. ' Thunder, no ? Where's my coat ?" " Why, hanging on the hall-tree." " And you've been into my wallet ?" " No, I haven't. I haven't even touched the coat." . , , He gave an awful grunt of dehght as he found the wallet safe, and, as I afterwards ascertained, it contained exactly 7dol. and no more. ' ' : ' The following is said to he the shortest sentence in the English language containing all the letters of the alphabet : "John P. Brady gave me a black walnut box of quite small size.' The entire sentence contains less than twice th'j number of letters in the alphabet. 