| LEGISLATIVE COUNCIL ELECTION. MEETING AT NORWOOD. On Thursday evening Messrs, F, £. H. W. ad C. Kriohauff and C. H. Goode, candidates for the representation of the southern division of the legislative Oonnoil to fill the vaoanoy caused by the death of the late Hon. J. G. Hsmsay, addressed the eleotors in the East Torrens diatriot in the Norwood Town Hall. The attendance was small, and His Worship the Mayor (Mr. T. Gepp) presided. The Chairman stated that Messrs. Kriohauff, and Goode, than whom no men were better known in the colony, were the only candidates who had announoed them selves, Messrs. Stirling and Moulden having retired from the contest. Mr. Kbiohaufp began by expressing his regret that the oooasion for the eleotlon had arisen. Theomel fate whioh had befallen the late respeotad Hon. J. G. Bamsay was within the memory of all. (Hear, hear.) Before expressing his views he might refer to his first achievements as a politician, His introduction to politics dated from 1857, when there was a lot of commotion over the con veyancing laws. Old colonists would reoolleot the prominent put whioh the Register and the late Mr. G. F. Angas among others took in that agitation. In oonsequenoe he (Mr. Kriohauff) summoned courage and sacrificed his time and money as a young farmer in assisting Sir R. B. Torrens in giving them a more speedy, safe, and a less oostly system of conveyanoing. (Cheers.) ' He was exceed ingly well pleased when he had the honour of being one of the nineteen who curled through that Bill. In the same year he assisted in getting an alteration made in the law of naturalization. His viewa were then somewhat in advance of the time. Among other things he advocated the laying of a telegraph line from Adelaide to Mount Buker, but*, that pro posal was defeated, as it was considered too expensive. In his maiden speech he advo oated compulsory eduoatlon, whioh ,was ■ con demned as an " abominable German notioo.' (Laughter.) He also introduced a motion in favour of payment of members, whioh was rejected as on-English. These things sho wed that be was not a Conservative; he was, in foot, a moderate BadioaL (Cheers.) He wouid now deal with his views at present, So long as we had a "sleeping" deficit uld be be doubted whether it wouli to go in for a free breakfast table although he would like to see it. (Hear, hear.) Coming to the Premier's pro posal for a progressive land tax. In Viotorla the tax exoluded land valued np to £2,500, Beyond that there was a tax of 1£ per oent. cn every £100. Country land s were classified ecoording to their Bheep-oarrying capabilities, the tax ranging from 9Jd. in Class I to 2}d. in Class 4, or an average of 4&d.; in the pound. The highest amount whioh the Premier would levy as a tax wonld be 3d. in the pound, so that his proposed tax did not nearly approach to the progressive tax of Viotorla. At the end of last year there were forty-one more luge proprietors in Viotoria than there were pre vious to the Aot, and the area of the estates that the luge proprietors held had been in creased by 154,000 aores. The taxable value from the land, however, had deoreased by £95,400, but there were increases in Class 4 as againBt decreases in the other three classes. Still there were at that time 828 freeholders who had to pay land tax out of 48,000 owners of land. Instead of bursting up the large estates had actually increased in Victoria under the Aot. The "bloated land monopolists" were etill to be found, and there were very few who were trying to get rid of their properties. No less a person than Lord Cairns had oon demned tbe XriBh Land Aot as making con fiscation lawful. No doubt something simi lar would be Baid of the progressive land tax here. Bnt it seemed to him that although tbe proposal of the Chief Beoretary was not likely to be carried ont, and that if it waB it wonld not lead to the bursting up of the large estates, still if there was any necessity for additional taxation it should be in the dlreotion of progressive land taxation. Those who bad money Bhould pay the taxes, and tbe poorer people should have a free breakfast table. (Cheers.) The exemption for town lotB should not be ailowed unless the land was fully used, if Io«:d was held merely for speculation he did not eee why it should not come under the piogreseive land tax. It had been suggested by the Bon. T. Flayford and many others that the land should be repurobased for sub division instead of Imposing the progressive land tax. If that was to be oarried ont he would say let the land of absentees be re purchased, hut they could hardly expeotthat much of tbat polioy would be carried out. Somebody had said that first-olass land had been offered in the Hundred of Hanson, and that there were no purchasers. It was not to beexpeoted that the farmers after so many bad years and when the land was advertised for only a short time could be readily found to purohase tbe land at a high rate, and the fact that there were not purchasers for that sale should not be taken as a criterion that there was no demand for good land. There wbb a demand for good land, and the diffionlty was to find It. There was one matter which had not been touohed upon. Supposing a man held a thousand acres whion he had purchased at its unimproved value of £10, the extra tax he would have to pay would be £5 4s. 2d., but if he reaped 600 acres and got a pretty fair average crop, say of 8 bushels, he might be able to sell 8,600 bushels in bulk, and get a halfpenny a bushel more than a smaller farmer. At a halfpenny a bushel more than the smaller farmer he would have £7 6s. lOd. more than would have to be paid In respect to the progressive land tax. With regard to large holders, if they did not use their land properly they should bs made to pay the extra tax. He had a little knowledge of the working of the property tax in Cali fornia, where everything almost down to a mousetrap was ' taxed, and he did not believe in the tax. So far as hotel licenoes were conoerned he thought they should be on the sliding soale. Outside hotels and many of the suburban hotels oonld not afford to pay tbe high licence-fees tbat were demanded, while some of the other houses could afford to pay even bigber-fees if necessary. With reference to tbe 26 per cent, subsidy to Corporations and Distriot Counoils, the Legislature had done sway with the grant-in-aid, and whether the money was paid over in one way or another it came out of the pooketa of tbe people, and, therefore, if it was the desire of tbe Corpora tions and District Councils to have tbe 26 per cent, they shonld be allowed to have it. There seemed to be very little ohanoe of having complete federation for a very long time. The Treasurer had tried to establish a reciprocity treaty with Queensland, bnt unfortunately he bad not met with suoaess. The natural products of South Australia might certainly have an outlet to Queensland end New Zealand in exchange for prodccts of those colonies, bnt there was always a diffi culty with respeottotbemannfaoturers. Many of the. manufacturers were not yet strong enough to have complete federation. It would be yean before federation existed, but they should not throw a damper on the attempt which was being made to further the cause. Iff federation were brought about Australia would be a powerful State, and it would be neoessary to define the powen of the Dominion Government. . It would pro bably deal with the post and telegraphs, the lighthouses, the river navigation, defenoe, the naturalization laws, Courts of Appeal, and the railways. How the Dominion Legisla ture was to be eleoted was also a matter for determination. He believed the s'mplest way of dealing with the matter would be to eleot the members from the provinoial Legislatures. Very much could be done In the direotion of law reform. Many years Bgo he introduced a motion in the Honse of Assembly with a view of securing a simplification of the way in whioh probate oould be obtained, snd had to give it np In despair, owing to the crowded notioe-paper preventing him proseonting the matter; but if they returned him ts the Council, where the paper was never so full, he would have an opportunity of again in troducing the subjeot and having it decided upon. They should be able to make a will and deposit it with the Registrar, with whom it shonld be allowed to remain, and after death the executor should have the right to claim an office copy, whioh shonld bs sufficient for all purposes, if any large and importsnt Bills were to be brought forward they shonld be dealt with early in the session, and not at the fag end. when private mem bers had not the ghost of a chance of carry ing amendments. There should be provisions in the Real Property Act the earns as existed in Germany, where, if a person had several mortgagees on his property and he paid off the first one, the plaoe was left blank so that he might take np the first mortgage again. In this oolony, as soon as the fi.Jt mortgage was paid off the seoond one jumped in, and perhaps the third, and there was no chance of , getting on. Another matter whioh re quired alteration was the provision wb-oh made the mortgagor instead of the mortgagee pay the costs of transmission in the oaBe of death. He hoped very much that the Cor porations Bill wonld be introduoed aB soon as possible. There was a question of impor tance to Mining Companies—the payment of bonuses—that ought to be considered. He had no objection to grants being made to Companies whioh had mines with reasonable ptospeots of beooming payable. With regard to eduoation he did not think any alteration was necessary. They knew the strife whioh had oconrred over the question, and the better way was to let the Act alone. All pnblio works should be of a re productive character. Having been 666 miles along the Transcontinental Rail way he had oome to the conclusion that sooner or later they would have to go on to the MacDonnell Ranges, because the present terminus was in the wont country; but there was no immediate hurry for the work. Camels would be able to carry on the traffio where the railway was not bnllt. He believed the 4 ft. 84 in. gauge would have to be adopted unless they aonld arrange for the adoption of the 6 ft. 3 in., bnt in any oase it wonld be a mistake to go on building new railways until the matter waB settled. He had always held the opinion that one of the Railway Commissioners should have been an engineer. With regard to Govern ment oontraots and the eight-hours system, be would support anything which would seoure the earning out of oontraots under that system. If returned he would do his best to serve he district faithfully and well. The time woald come, he hoped, when labour would employ capital instead of capital employing labour. (Hear, hear.) While he stuck up for the working man he felt sym pathy with the unfortunate clerks, especi ally the poor fellows who were engaged night after night in the Survey Offioe. (Hear, hear.) The Civil Servioe needed reforming, so that better ohanoes should be opened up for the young men employed by the Government. It would be well to establish a Life Assurance Sooiety for the Civil servants. (Hear, hear.) If a new reservoir was needed for Adelaide we should engage a colonial engineer to report on the soheme. (Her-, bear.) The administration of the last Land Act did not give him satisfaction, owing per haps to the Act being worded loosely. The Land Boards ought not to hurriedly allot large blocks, bnt wait for suitable applicants, and allotments ought to be made as often as once a month. Seleotion before survey should be legalized under oonditlons. The Constitu tion Aot should be altered to create six divisions for the Legislative Council instead of four. If elections were held oftener it would mean that the power of the Coancil would be increased. (Hear, hear.) If eleoted he would try to do his doty. (Cheers.) Mr. Goods, who was well received, ex pressed his sorrow at the unfortunate death oi the Hon. J. G. Ramsay, a gentleman of sterling ability and worth. (Hear, hear.) A member of the Legislature should be free to exercise his own judgment, and not be re garded as a delegate. By conviction he was a Freetrader, but seeing that the oountry had adopted a protective tariff he was frilling to give it a fair trial. It was very undesirable that they should constantly tinker with the tariff, seeing that It wonld mean an inter ference with the trade of the oommunity. If any alteration was made It should be in the direotion of taking the duties off goods that oould not be produoed in the colony, and possibly inoreasing the duties on other goods, Personally he was in favour of allow )g the tariff to remain as it was for a time. (Hear, hear,) He believed the advantages to South Australia from federation with the other oolonies would far outweigh the dis advantages. It might take seven years to bring abont federation, and by then Sonth Australians would surely be able to compete with the other oolonies. He was oertaln that it was not the worst men who had stuok to the oolony during the reoent depression, and that they were not to be easily frightened by competition from outside. (Cheers.) Here were the natural outlets for the rioh western districts of New South Wales and Queensland. If trade was allowed freely to follow its natural oourse it must oome here, and South Australia should take a high position in the mercan tile future of. the dominion of Australia. (Uneen.j no would do all be could to asBiBtthe movement for Intercolonial free trade. (Hear* hear.) A great mistake was made when the Transcontinental Bail way was diverged from Hergott to the west* ward and carried into exceedingly poor country, which would have to be bridged before the MacDonnell Ranges were reached. By serving our neighbours with our rail ways we served ourselves. It was a short sighted policy to keep away from the other coloniee. The line to Broken Hill had been of immense benefit to us, while it had proved of service to New South Wales. (Heir, hear.) Any further extension of the Trans continental lice should be vera carefully considered. He did not see how ft oould pay its working 'expenses. We should have a line diverging from Hergolt* going up on the eastern side of the lake to tap the fertile western dia triots of Queensland. (Hear, hear.) He ehonld be very glad to see a direot line of railway on the 4 ft. 81 in. gauge to Broken Hill, became he was oonvinoed that the Broken Hill mining diBtriot was aa yet only in its infancy, and that it would be hundreds of years before the minerals were worked ont. It would be of immense benefit to ns to be in direot railway communication with Sydney. Of course it would mean that we should be brought into fiercer competition with Sydney on the Barrier, but we need not fear that. Undoubtedly we should aim at the adoption of the 4 ft. 81 in. gauge. Pos sibly we might be connected with Queensland by the 8 ft. 6 in. gauge for some time to come. However, we ought not to be in a hurry to contract new loans fob the railways. (Hear, hear.) The Government ought in every way to encourage the mining industry, which was not affeoted by dry seasons like the agricul tural and pastoral industries were. At the same time something should be done to pre vent the floating of bogus min'og ventures, which had proved a great hindrance to the true development of the country. (Hear, hear.) He had a high opinion of ths mineral resources of South Australia. As a traveller in New Zealand he believed that the mineral wealth of that country did not approach any thing like the wealth we had in South Aus tralia. The fruit and vine-growing industries should also be enconraged. He did not think there was any country on the earth so well adapted for producing wiueB suoh as were required in Europe as South Australia. Con sidering the small amount of money voted for the purpose, onr vignerons bad done wonder fully well at the Paris and the New Zealand Exhibitions. (Hear, hear.) Twenty-four years ago he moved in Parliament for a Se'.eot Committee on the land laws. He was very deBlrous then of introducing a system of classifying lands that would prevent bogus competition and tend to Bscure proper settlement. Unfortunately a great deal of our publio lands whioh possessed the best rainfall were alienated without being settled upon by population. He did not think that private interests should stand in the way of the public good. If it oould be proved that land was not being turned to the best aooonnt the Government would be justified In taking it from the present ooonpiers. But tae State could not afford to do an injustice to any one, and if resnmption was resorted to there should be compensation. He was very glad that a large nnmber of smallholdings bad been taken np by labonring men. It would be well if the blocks oovered more than twenty aores, Settlement must be enconraged by all meanB. (Hear, hear.) Holders of strictly pastoral; lands should be encouraged to effect im-1 Erovements by having a secure tenure, and had sometimes been resumed and then given over to vermin. We should give the pastoralists a » virtual certainty | of tennre, while we held the power of resumption, to be exercised only in case of mines being discovered or the land being required for public purposes. The present land and income tax system worked fairly well, and we should not altar j It. All classes should pay their fair propor tion of taxation. Ho was opposed to the single tax, and he did not know who would care to hold land if all the value was taxed, out of it. The bulk of the ecourity of Life Insurance Societies consisted of landed pro perty, and if the value was taxed out of it the result would be that the widows and orphans of the assured wonld suffer. The progressive land tax was not likely to sno ceea. It wonld Involve injustice, because many men holding large quantities of land were really Ibbb financially interested in their properties than were the holderB of small areas in theirs. Anything like olass legisla tion should be avoided, and the State should see that no injustice was done to any one. (Here, hear.) There was no qnestion of greater importance than the eduoation of the yonng. The future of South Australia depended upon what we were doing for the children. The education system now in operation by the State was an exoeeding good one. and equal to that of any conntry in the world. He had opposed the proposed capitation grant because he considered it a retrograde step. To snbsidize private schools after spending the large snmB that we had done on State schools wonld be a fatal mistake. Any fnrther outlay should go towards perfecting our national Boheme of ednoation, and not be devoted to enoonraging the competition of private sohoois against the State institutions. It was a good thing that the capitation pro posal was so easily disposed of. (Cheers.) Local ] option was surrounded with many difficulties. He did not think the prinoiple could be carried out with aoceptanoe In small distriots, but it might be applied aaeoesafully over extensive areas. Should the electors see fit to return | him he wonld give hie beet attention to the duties. (Cheera.) In answer to a question Mr. Goode said if taxation was taken off the Cnatoma he would be disposed to make up the defiolenoy by increasing the land tax, and not by a pro perty tax, because property was reaohed now by the various forms of taxation in operation. He was not in favour of the progressive land tax, Mr. Kbichauff had not fully oonsidered the advisableness of giving private prospeo tors an advance of money, bat he would be against Government prospeeting parties being sent out. It was not likely that the Ministry would be increased by the appointment of a Minister of Mines, and as the work the Commissioner of Crown Lands would deorease in a year or more that Minister oould undertake the duties of Minister of Mines. He approved of silver mining being subsidized as well as gold mining. Mr. Goode thought the time had not come for the establishment of a Mines Department, but he would support it when he oonsidered it was neoessary. He did not see why silver and coal mining should not be subsidized as well as gold mining. With regard to Sir John Downer's Divorce Bill, Mr. Kbichauff thonght the law should not be'altered. Mr. Goode did not fully understand the Boope of the BUI, but he was very muoh against giving too great faoiUties for obtaining dlvoroe. His feeling was rather to restriot than faoUitate dlvoroe. He would oppose payment of members of the Legislative Counoll should the matter be brought forwood. If there was any proved neoeBSity for an alte ration in the management of the rail ways he wonld support suoh a move ment, but he believed the Commissioners were doing their best to make the raUways pay. He, however, thought the Commissioner of PabUo Works should give the final decision on railway matters. Mr. Kbichauff also thought the Commissioner should be called upon to give final deolsions. fie had not considered the truant school question, but would do so. Mr. Goods strongly favoured the establishment of a truant school. He did not think there was any neoesslty to grant a Trades Hall site. Peorle relied too much on the Government, and they shonld be taught to indulge more in self-reliance. Mr. Kbichauff favoured the granting of a site for a Trades Hall, but not that wkioh was mentioned in the BiU of last senior. He did not oare whether money or land was given. Ur. Goods was ia favourof the eight-hoars system as far as possible. Other questions were answered. A vote of thanks to the candidates and the Mayor oloBed the meeting. 