IN NEW SOUTH WALE;S. A flood of light was thrown on the proceed ings of the Intercolonial Conference of Em ployers by the issuo last evening of tho mani festo under which they range theuwicivos against the world of labor. Whilst tho em ployers wero in conclave in tho S'-tock Exchange tho representatives of labor wero sitting in s -cret resolving on an overture with the view of bringing about a conference. They transmitted a letter to tbo employers and owners, asking them to name six representati ves to meet six of their own men ; but tbe employers' conference had terminated its labors before this communication was received. Tbe diflposiiion of tbe owners may be inferred from the iact that a number of telegrams received from people of a philanthropic turn were set aside. So tho situation remaius unsolved. Affairs on the wharves are now almost stag nant, and tips is doubtless duo chiefly to the more rigorous police discipline which is being exercised. Mounted troopers parade the dis- nffecicd quarters at intervals during the <lay aud tho regular police are massed at the local watchhousea ready for any emergency. In addition to this there aro 1500 special constables quite ready at tbo call of duty, with military in reserve. At the employers' conference reference was made 10 tho inadequate police protection in tbe more acute stages ot the strike, aud .tho opinion was largely expresBCdl that if there bad been more polico the frcfl laborers in Adelaide and Srdaby would have escaped much of the molestation to which they have been subjected in the discharge of their duties. Authenticated reports on every band set forth the undoubted fact that many of tbo men aro anxious to return to work on the old terms. Many of them would prefer to see the unions yield up tbe ghost than have tho dispute pro tracted to starvation point. They consider that tho "true till death" as a eoniimcut is very noble and poetic, but that a moderate competency and a brave heart for average difficulties and adversities are of more- practical value at the existing juncture. De fections are already apparent in the ranks of the stewards, as a number of the chief stewards of tbe A.U.S.N. and tbe Union Company's boats remain at their employ. It is known also that overtures have been made by several of tbe officers, ami would be carried out but for the dread of the unioo3. Inquiries a9 to the possi bility of filling the officers' positions have elicited the fact tbat among the general body of searaeu iu this colony there are noarly 300 cer tificated officers. 