Manager Mugger's TreacMy. w 44 Pretty woman, Helen Belasis !" 44 Uncommon; uncommon!" remarked the other man. 44 And what a lucky fellow Forsyth is!" \- 44 Lucky! Lucky isn't the word. She's -an- ang.4 : and if ever a woman saved a piece, bine- . eyed Ellen Bellasis has saved her husband's clrama tonight." And then they swallowed their whiskeys and rushed back to their stalls, for the entr'acte bell had already- begun to ring. I knew the men — dramatic critics both of them Mole and Nipper. Everybody knows Mole (Mole's . ." Modern .Dramatists") ; and as for Nipper, - you can always tell Nipper's stuff, it's so tremendously technical. He talks about the auditorium and scenarios and protagonists. Actors bate him; he has such a retentive memory. When Garper, the tragedian, played Hamlet, Nipper persisted in giving the public his reminiscence s of Carper, at a small provincial theatre, as Guildenstern ; then he said he liked Garper better as Guildenstern than as Hamlet, and spitefully added that he thought there was more scope for Garper in the provinces. Nipper is honest, but offensive. As - for Mole, he and I are as thick as toieves ; we are the only two men at the Cannibals who play five-card cribbage. I always beat Mole ; when we sit down to play five- card cribbage, Mole is to me as clay in the hands of the potter. I don't take much interest in theatrical matters generally; but I've been in love for the last ten years, as most of us have, with pretty Helen Bellasis ; and I was depressed to know that she was the wife of another, and that the other was For syth, of all men in the world : Forsyth, a chat tering wind-bag of a fellow ; a man who is careless about Ms dress ; a man who stutters and wears ah eye-glass from necessity ; a fellow who never even played at five-card cribbage ; what could Helen — I mean, Miss Bellasis— I mean, Mrs. Forsyth — see in Mm ? I had 44 pegged out" as usual, and I pocketed Mole's shilling; and then he told me the history of theForsyth marriage. 44 Jack married her out of gratitude, you know," he said. 44 Till 4 Ethel's Sacrifice' came out Forsyth had never done any original work ; he was only 4 a ghost'— what the lawyers call a 4 devil ;' he did the work, other fellows got the money and the reputation. But Forsyth was biding Ms time. The business of Ms life was to attempt to plant 4 Ethel's Sacrifice.' - Lots of fellows had read it ; every body said it was exceedingly brilliant, and it grew smarter and smarter every day ; for Forsyth used to carry about a type-writer's copy of 4 Ethel's Sacrifice' in his pocket, and whenever he thought of a good thing, in -it went. Ethel's Sacrifice,' as you remember, ; was a four-act drama; there was a strong man's character part, which, as Forsyth used to say, would have suited Mugger down to the boots; but Forsyth couldn't 4 get hold of' "AC I v « lr at i Ethel's Sacrifice ; ' -he was in the hands .of his .literary adviser, and that gentleman's principle ' w as to go to the top of the tree and paythb top -price. Mugger had actually played two pieces of Forsyth's without kuowing it ; for Forsyth was devil to Topper, and hid written ; every" word of Topper's two last successful dramas ; Topper's contribution being to change the names of the characters. You remember Grace Feather leigh," said Mole, 44 4 poetry of motion,' and all that sort of thing; of course youTemember her. They had had her at ihe Frivolity for ten years, where she was one of the Yestals engaged in tending the sacred lamp of burlesque. They had got rather sick of her at the Frivolity ; sue was getting 4 majestic ;' and where majesty begins, as a rule, poetry ends. So Grace Featherleigh determined to go in for drama. -Mugger was squared with the loan of £3,000; and ail Grace Featherleigh had to do was to get hold of a strong part specially written for her. She sent for Forsyth ; and this is what she Baid to Mm : — 44 ' Mr. Forsyth,' said the Featherleigh, 4 I've heard that you've got a little play for sale; something about an injured wife, I believe.' Then she bit her hps, rolled her eyes, hoisted that big smile of hers, pressed her cMn on her knuckles, and looked up to heaven ; just as she does in her photographs, you know, 4 Do you think 1 look like an injured wife ?' said Grace. 44 Of course he immediately administered the necessary dote of flattery. 44 4 Oh, Mr, Forsyth,' said the charmer, 4 you shouldn't — you really shouldn't ! 44 And then they went to business. 44 4 There nothing Mr. Mugger wouldn't do for mef said ihe artless Grace. 4 You take the thing to Mm, Mr. Forsyth, and say 1 sent you ; and Mugger will do it for my sake ;' and then she struck the attitude again. 44 She didn't take the slightest interest in the play; she trusted to her. friends and her good looks to pull her through; she meant having her dresses from Paris ; and all she stipulated for was that a minuet was to be introduced. 44 4 If they don't come to.see your play, Mr. Forsyth-,' she said, 'they'll come to see my minuet.' , . ... - "Forsyth put his pride in his pocket and hurried off to Mugger. " Now Mugger was no fool. He didn't care one straw for the: Featherleigh, or Tor Jack Forsyth .arid his drama, for he -could get any number of dramas from Topper ; but Mugger cared very much indeed for the three thousand pounds that Grace Featherleigh could put in his way. So Mugger agreed to read Jack's piece ; and when he had read it he found that the great character part in it did suit him down to the very boots. He fell in love, with the part at once, and then he sent for For syth. 44 4 The thing's right enough,' said Mugger, 4 but I don't see how it's to be done." There are sixteen 44 lengths" of dialogue for Ethel; the Featherleigh couldn't remember five, if she were to be burnt alive the next morning. But she'll have to play Ethel all the' same, and that means 44 damnation" sure and certain- there tin't a doubt of it. Still, it'll -have to be done.' 14 They signed fcn agreement; the piece was read to the -company of the Parthenon Theatre within the week, and Grace Featherleigh was cast for EtheL -She was grand, sir, at re hearsal, 'where she always read her part— toe part of which she didn't know a line. Sue ordered the Paris dresses, and -every seat was booked for the first night. . B 44 Of course she had an nuder-study ; ,-he under-study was Helen Jfellasis ; she had the thing at her fingers' ends ; and she - used to prompt the Featherleigh from memory as the rehearg&ls; went on -- --- - ""NoW Mugger is particular. He doesn t stand any nonsense from anybody, and he had _a ruM, from which he never departed, that everybody .was to be letter-perfect in the r6les at the dress-rehearsal, for Mugger always insisted on a dress-rehearsal. They began Act 1\. There was little Bellasis putting all she knew— which Was a lot, you know — -into toe pert lady's-maid. I sat in the stalls and saw the whole thing — for I'm a friend- of For- syth's ; and towards the middle of the act in sailed the Featherleigh as Ethel, gorgeously attired in Worth's costume number one, book in hand, my boy — book in hand. " 4 1 beg your pardon, my -dear,' said Mugger, as she began calmly to read from it >after the'first dozen lines ; 4 but you'll please to put down toe book.' \- 44 4 Me, dear boy !' said the Featherleigh ; and then she hoisted toe great smile, put her chin on her knuckles, and looked like the photograph. : \- " But Mugger was adamant ; he didn't mean to be 4 defied' by Grace Featherleigh, not he. 4 Til hold it for you,' he said very quietly, as he took-the hook fromher hand. Dorit chaff, Mr. M.,' said Grace angrily ; -4 ifcaurt a time for chaffing-' 14 But Mugger didn't auswer her; he merely gave her the cue — 4 Ethel, you're looking charm ing.' " "She couldn't take it— of course she couldn't; she was just bursting with rage. 4 This-is a planned toiiig !' she hissed. 4 You've insulted me before toe whole company, Mr. M. ; but you sha'n't do it with impunity ! 44 4 Oh, nonsense,' said Mugger. 4 Ethel, you're looking charming,' he said, as he gave ner the cue the second time. Bat she didn't attempt- to -take the cue, arid she didn't look charming in the least. The woman was mad with rage. Two great strides brought her up \- to the astonished Mugger, and she boxed his ears in the most scientific manner ; and then she; began to scream and shout with forty- woman power, and before he knew where he was she "had dropped into Jack Foray th's arms. 44 4 If you don't go quietly, ma'am, said Mugger, whose ears were a bright purple, 4 Til send for a policeman.' 44 But she only drammed on the hoards with her heels ; and Forsyth and two carpenters carried her. to the stage-door and popped her into a four-wheeled cab ; and she and her maid drove off to Fulham, vowing vengeance. 44 4 Now, Nelly Bellasis,' said Mugger, when he got back to the stage, after having seen toe Featherleigh safely off his premises, 4 let's see ' what you can do with it. Ethel, you're locking charming,' he said ; and off they went without a single hitch. That little chit of a thing, sir, brought tears into my eyes. She had her chance, and she took it. She didn't rant, she didn't pose; but she played the injured girl- wife to the very life ; and Wigblock, the fellow who did the juvenile lead at toe Parthenon, proposed to her the same evening. Sharp fellow, Wigblock, sir," said Mole; 44 he saw there was money in the girl, as we all did. \- 44 Well, she was even better on the first night than she was at the dress-rehearsal. The fact is that the thing had been planned between Mugger and Forsyth, and the Featherleigh was their victim. She's Lady Numskull now ; if she hadn't married young Numskull she'd have gone to law with Mugger ; as it was, the thing blew over. Nelly Bellasis made Jack For syth's name. He fell over head and ears in love with her, and she with Mm. They've been married ten years now, and the Ethel of ten years ago has- six sturdy young 4 sacrifices'- rcmnine about their charmin? honse in TUdfnWi Park. — St. James's Gazette. 