RESCUED. BY 3Tb8. HENRY E. DUDENET, Author of "My Terrible Plight," "Shadowed for Vengeance," etc. CHAPTER L—THB VOYAGE FBOM THE CIPE. She WSB a pretty, young girl—so pretty, so you^g, that it seemed strange she should be travelling alone. We were returning from Cape Colony to Old England, end our three weiiks' voyage was nearly half over before I succeeded in making the acquaintance of my pretty fellow-passenger. If is of her I 'wish to speak; it is her tale I Want to tell; but I may be allowed to introduce •tyself as John, usually kr^ownasjack Barroner, aged 33, of no profession, ami possessed of a artdecate income. 1 have said she was pretty; perhaps beautiful is hardly fas strong a word. Such a dainty head, crowned with masses of wavy, light- brown hair, such wondrous grey eyes, such perfect corves of cheek and chin ana figure. Can you wonder that I longed to make her acquaintance and felt pir.ued at her obvious in- -difference on the subject ? My heart, my battered bachelor heart, began to be affected. I was sliding into love—with a gii{ Whose very name I did not know. One glorious afternoon we were both cm deck. She was lying back in a capacious chair, devouring a " yellow back," ana I was leaning over the side cudgelling my brain for an excuse to beak the ice. » If only something would happen to create a diversion I might manage it But I oould not walk np to her and volunteer an inane remark without the ghost of eui excuse. The diversion came. A vessel, or a rfiark, or something equally obliging had been sighted, and there was a general stampede. My fair unknown followed the mot^and left her hook faoe downward on the chair. Then I did a mean action. I lnd the novel behind a coil of rope which lay conveniently near. She came back soon, and puckeredher arched brows when she discovered her loss. I came forward with as nonchalant an air as I oould assume. " Pardon me. Have you lost anything ? If so, perhaps I can be of me in helping to find it.' " xou are very kind," she said, in a sweet Toice; " I have lost my book. I know I left it Ou the chair, and now-— X managed to affect a surprise I certainly did sotieel when the missing novel was finally unearthed from what she said was " such nil unlikely place," and then , we glided' into a discuss op shout novels in general—the merits of different authors, and. so on. That was the beginning of oar acquaintance, and it ripened fast I btfmre £ was the onlv oue on hoard who drealod the end of the voyage. I oould hot bear to think that the long •ooming- days, spent by MisaThanet'6 side, would soon be over. . • That was her name—Audrey Thanet. " It .is far too romantic," said its owner. " It 4oss not sound real, you know." 'I cannot think what made'poor papa choose such a name ?" Her eyes filled with tears as she mentioned her father. He lay with her ' mother in a colonial grave, and Audrey was returning to England to find a home with her brother. She told me about him of tela—she had told me every detail of her simple history, such firm friends had we become—and what I heard of him did not prepossess me. He' had held an important position in a leading Capetown mercantile house, and had been •dismissed ignominiously. I rather suspected, from si hint Audrey dropped, that his offence had really placed him within the reach of the law. He n&l; been shipped to England and a berth found for him in a City house. Here, too, he had beaten a hasty and enforced retreat. " But now," wound up the Sister, " he is doing very well. He wrote 'a little while before father died to say he was m^H^g a really good income. But he did not say how." "He did not say how." To my worldly mind this looked suspicious. Remembering the discreditable past of this unknown brother, and reflecting on his iflysterious present, I did not relish the idea of handing Audrey over to his care. But as he lived in London I should >e able to continue my friendship with the girl I had learned to love, and could protect her in case of need. " Only," said Audrey, in a half-amused, halfannoyed tone, " I cannot even give you my address. I do not know it. There will be a letter awaiting me at Southampton from Frank, and he will tell me of course." At last the voyage was over. We landed at Southampton. There was a letter for Audrey and one for me. Mine was a sad one—my mother was dangerously flL I should have that night to travel to Disney, the little Cornish Tillage where she lived. Frank Thanet wrote to tell his sister he would meet the 6.12 train from Southampton. But he gave not the slightest hint of his place of abode. "It's very strange," said Audrey, thoughtfully, Hand is slightly inconvenient. But Frank." with a tiny sigh, " always had a trange way of doing things." " I only wish," I said, impulsively, " that I oould travel with you. But you see it is impossible." " Of course it is," ehe said promptly, "and quite unnecessary. Perhaps we shall meet again some day, Mr. Barroner. I'm sure I hope so. But in any case, I shall never forget how pleasant you made the last half of my lonely voyage." _ I put her into the train, and at the imminent risk of losing my own, stayed by her side until tiie last. I gave her my card, with my London address on it. " Do write," I pleaded, «that I may call. " Certainly I will," she added, warmly. I should like you to know Prank. Dear fello w ! He is so handsome, and has been so unfortunate. Good-bye, Mr. Barroner." Then the train steamed out of the station, and I leqked my last at the pale, pure face which had enchanted me. She waved her hand and gave abright smile of farewell as the long line of carriages went one by one into the blackness of the night. Hers in turn was swallowed up, and I stood,alone on the platform, gazing blankly up i$ie line. A horrible foreboding came over me that we should not meet again, a fearful feeling of anxiety came over me at the thought of that beautiful girl travelling alone to the great city to meet her sole gaurdian—a young, and not very reputable, brother. What kind of home would he make for her? -What would be her surroundings ? Should we ever meet again, or would vast London hide her from me for ever? With these gloomy questions I was tortured as I went on my journey. CHAPTER H.—THEKE EVENTS. Six months passed slowly away, and I heard nothing of Audrey. I loved her, if anything even more than I had done during those sweet sunny days of our voyage from the Cape, let I doubted if we should ever meet again. I had nothing tangible to guide me in my search 1 Audrey had said her brother was handsome; that probably meant he was like his sister! So I took to haunting the busy city just at the hour when it was dSgor°-- ing its clerks by the hundred. But not one of the dapper, tall-hatted youths bore the remotest resemblance to Audrey. So gradually I slipped back to my indolent club life. Yet Audrey, though lost, was never forgotten. At the end of the six months three things happened. I will take them in the order in whick.they came. Event number one took place in a railway carriage in which I was travelling to Portsmouth, and of which I was the sole occupant. I. was smoking and reading, and wishing myself at my journey's end, when a suspicious movement of the valance of the cushioned seat opposite me attracted my attention. It was fluttering to and fro, not as it would do if agitated by wind, but as a hand were moving behind it This fluttering was followed by the appearance of a head—a close-cropped head—belonging to a young man; so far as I could see, a handsome young man. " Hope I didn't startle you," he said politety, with a sang-froid which under the circumstances was surprising. He dragged himself from under the seat, alighted on his feet, and stretched his arms luxuriously above his head. " Confoundedly cramped position; I couldn't stand it anv longer. Daresay you wonder how I got there." " No; the mere act of getting there would be easy. I should like to mow your reason for such an unusual net." Ho hesitated for a moment, and his eyes wandered to the rack oiove my head—the rack on which was my Gladstone," marked with my name in full. The sight of this commonplaoearticlt of luggage seemed to inspire him. " I'll explain with pleasure," he said, smiling impudently, and rolling a cigarette as he spoke. " As a matter of fact, I am flying rom justice." " Indeed." returned I ironically, " then as I am a stickler for the maintenance of the law, it will be my unpleasant duty to hand you orer to its tender mercies at the next station." " My dear fel'ow, you will do nothing of die kind. Ton couldn't." "Ton will find I can," I retorted hotly. Allow me to remind you that in a scuffle I should certainly have the best of it." " No doubt your muides are magnificent. Yet you will not exercise them on me. Hang it," he went on with a low laugh, " I feelsafe with you that I have a mind to tell you the whole story. At least I will enlighten you as to my identity. I am Frank Thanet. You may remember my pretty sister. She has told me about you." He had succeeded at last in startling me out of my apathy. Good heavens! This impudent stowaway, this oonfeseed criminal, was Flunk Tliauet, the sole guardian of the girl I loved. What had been her fate in such hands Y " I surprise you. But you will not. give me up now, I fancy. Think of the disgrace to Audrey." " If I fail to do my duty, it will be solely for sake," I rejoined sternlv, " and oniy on condition that you tell me whore she is.'' He scribbled an address on a sheet torn from his pocket-book, and handed it to me. 2d (Josworfhy Gardens, St. S ohn's Wood. " There you^ are," he said lightly. " And now, ta-ta. We shall meet again under more auspicious circumstances, I hope. Accept my thanks for your valuable assistance, and when you see her, give my love to Audrey." We were at B . He jumped from the train, walked jauntily across the platform and I saw him no more. I took the next train back to London and drove to Gosworthy Gardens. There were only sixteen houses in the whole row, and not a single tenant from I to 16 knew anything of a Mi® Thanet. So I was foiled. Had I met my impudent fellow-passenger again, his chance of mercy at my hand would have been slight indeed. Another month went by, then event number two occurred. This w&s; nothing less than a meeting with Audrey. She was walking down Piccadilly, accompanied by a fail and rather dissipated-looki-tg man. It wrung my heart to see how. she had altered. Her pretty oval face was thin and colourless; her eyes, those deep grey eyes, whose shy glance I remembered so well, hadlost their sparkle. I stepped hastily forward^ .hut before I reached her she saw me. and, first glancing in a frightened way at her companion, signed to me not to notice her. Her distress was obvious, her desire so evident that, by a great effort, I drew back. It was hard, after waiting so long, not to be able to speak to her, but 1 did the next best thing—I followed at a safe distance.. Yet here again my persistent ill-luck attended me. A crowded corner, a dangerous crossing, and I had lost sight of Audrey. I was no nearer a solution of her fate than on the night when I stood on the platform at Southampton and watched the train carry her away. Event three was a letter. A wretched scrawl, written in red pencil on the margin torn from a newspaper. Yet the untidy little note was dearer to me than the daintiest of scented billetdoux would have been—Cor itwas Audrey's. "I am in great distress,"-she wrote, "and yon are the only person I know who may help me Meet me this evening at seven o'clock outside. Homertoa Station." Seven, nay half-past six, saw me anxiously pacing backwards and forwards outside. the station of the dingy East-end suburb. How madly my heart throbbed when I saw my love approaching! How tenderly I held her little liand and looked into her beautiful face—the face which had grown so sadly drawn and careworn! CHAPTER IIL—UNEAVELLIWQ THE SKEIN- "And this is where yqj> live?" I asked in a disgusted tone as I looked round the shabby back parlour of the house to which she had brought me. The hideous green rep curtains of the dirty window the stained table cover and rickety chairs, the coarse drugget which lay on the floor—what a setting for beauty! Indignant thoughts rose in my heart, tender words to my lips. The latter, at least, I checked. I remembered in tifoe that, dear as she was to me, we were almost strangers; we had hot even got beyond the " Miss Thanet" and " Mr. Barroner" stage. " And this is the home your brother has prepared for vou"' " Yes," she said, with a wan Iitt'e smile and a touch of her old saucy charm. " Perhaps I shouldapclogiseforbringiugyouto such a shabby place! But. oh, Mr. Barroner, I could put up with it no longer. The poverty one might endure, but the mystery, the crime which hang around the house are unbearable." Her voice sank to a lowtoneof horrorassheconcluded. She looked round the room as if with a furtive dream that even the walls might have ears. " Do trust in me," I pleaded. " I will do, I am anxious to do, the very best in my power for you." " I know you are," she said, gratefully ; " that is why I wrote. It was wrong, unmaidenly perhaps, but I had no one else." Poor child! The pathos in that sweet, vibrating voice touched me strangely. He will be back in half an hour,"' she said, glancing at the clock. We must arrange somethuig, and you must be out of the house before then." " Do you mean your brother?" "No. Win friend, Mr. Padman—the man you saw me with in Piccadilly I I do not know how they get their money, or *hy they force me to live so strangely in this miserable house," she continued in hurried feverish tones. " The whole upper part is kept locked, and I am virtually a prisoner in these two rooms. I never go out alone ; I may not even walk in the garden ; neither must I open the street door." " Do they leave the house at regular hours ?" I asked. " No.' Sometimes they are away for days at otner timeB they will lock themselves ap lor almost a week in the-rooms upstairs." " All this is very mysterious," I said. " You must not stay here another night. Your brother has treated you shamefully. I fear he is involved in some serious scrape. I will find you a more suitable home." "You!" she asked, timidly drawing hei hand from mine- and flushing scarlet. " I, my darling, oli Audrey, can you not see howl love you, hane loved you since " " Hush," she whispered in horror, and heard a latch key turned iu the street door, " it is Frank or Mr. Padman. They will murder you, I know. Oh, where can you hide V" " I am not going to hide. Quite the contrary, I mean to hare it out with your brother or his friend." "Doyou, indeed ?•' I turned round, and saw the fair dissipated- looking man—Frank Thauet*s accomplice. " It seems to me," he said sneeringly, " that you will regret sneaking here to Miss Thanet when her brother is out of the way. And she will regret it too." He shot a malevolent glance from his bloodshot grey eyes in Audrey's direction. " And you don't leave this house until you swear never to enter it again, and not to co blabbing about any lies she may have told you." " I'll never make the first promise,'" I said, hotly, " because I intend to take Miss Thanet out of the house this night—never to return. As to the second, so far from promising, I assure you that I mean to fiud out what illegal business you and Frank Thanet have been carrying on." " I don't know what you are," he said angrily; " a detective, or something worse probably. You followed us down Piccadilly the other day. But whether you had your eye on me or the gal I cannot say." r The contemptuous tone and gesture with which he alluded to Audrey fired me. " When yon speak of that lady," I said, haughtily, "be pleased to do so "in a more respectful way." " Come, that's good," he returned, with a coarse laugh. "A girl who brings her lover into the house during her brother's absence is deserving of respect, not to say revereuce, at the hands of any man. A girl whose character-- -" I sprang forward an 1 dealt him a stinging blow across the face with my open palm. Uttering a cry of mingled rage and pain he threw himself upon me, and a fierce struggle ensued. In strength we were fairly matched, and I doubt who would eventually have been the victor had not accident decided in ray assailant's favour. In the scrimmage I unluckily caught my foot in the ragged floorcloth and fell heavily to the ground. ; In an instant he was kneeling over me, his hands grasping my throat. I firmly believe that in his blind rage he would have throttled me had not a new comer at that moment entered the room. No less a person than Frank Thanet. Without a glance at Audrey, who ran fortrard with white face and trembling limlie at his approach, the young man hurried over to my assailant and gripped his shoulder. " Do you want to murder the man':" he asked fiercely. '• I should like to," returned Padinan sullenly. " He shan't leave this house unless he swears " " Never mind that," broke in young Thanet. It's all up with us, and we must bolt. The police are at the corner of the street." Even as he spoke a loud angry knocking was heard at the door. '•You are not to open it, Audrey," said Thanet, threateningly. Then both men left the room end hurried upstair. We heard th,> liervvy baize door, which shot off the upper part of the house, clang to; we heard as well -the violent and continued knocking at the street door. 1 stepped into the narrow passage. Audrey threw herself before ma, her eyes, streaming with tears, her hands clasped. ' "Do not open it, M she entreated. "They will take him ii yon do. My poor Frank. He never meant to do wrong." "My darling, if I do not, they will force it in." The words were scarcely out of my mouth before the ricketty. badly-hung door yielded to the heavy blows which had been dealt on it, and a detective, aocompanied by two policemen, filled the narrow halL I want to search this house," said the former, sharply, displaying his warrant. "Robinson, keep guard while we go over the place." " Will they take him?" whispered Audrey, with white lips. "Had they any means of escape?" I whispered back. "I am not sure," she returned, "and yon must not, you will not, tell the detectives; but I fancy, from something Frank once said, that they rent the next house and keep it empty." "In that case," I returned, "they have doubtless made good their escape." They had. lie detective and his companion at that momeut came into the room. "The birds have flown," he said in a crestfallen tone. " But we shall get them yet, and there's evidence enough in their rooms upstairs to convict my gentlemen for a good many years. Meauwliile. sir, you are my prisoner." " Accused of what?" "Illegal coining." " I cau satisfactorily explain for my presence in the house. But I will come with yoa of course." I turned to Audrey. Poor child! Sweet delicately nurtured girl! What a trial this coarse scene was to her! " We do not want the lady," resumed the official. " We've had our eye cm this place for some time, and we knew she's innocent enough.' So, for the matter of that, are you, sir; but you must come along. It's only a matter of form." I turned in perplexity to Audrey. " You cannot stay here alone to-night." " I must," she said bravely, thou&n; her lips trembled. "Unless the woman next door would take me in. She Bpoke to me once, and seemed a kind creature." " Before I left Homerton I Baw Audrey safe in the motherly care of this Samaritan. I saw the door closed on the wretched house in which my darling for months had been a prisoner. 1 hank God that chapte "f he life was closed. It should be my Dtiataew u see ilia toe next and all succeeding ones w ere bright. And now"she is my wife. With difficulty I overcame her scruples; it took many kisses to drive away the doubt from her sweet lips—the doubt whether she, the sister at a coiner, was a fitring%iate for me. Yes, doubts and scruples were laid at rest at lhst. and Audrey hears the disgraced name of Thanet no longer. And the one grief in her gehtte heart is the thought of her brother-—the handsome scapegrace, whose fate we haVe never learnt. 