SARAH, THE POLISH GIRL. (TranslatedJrom the Laubhutte.) rpHE early history of this girl is veiled in romance. Sarah _JL was the daughter of a Polish Jew named Jesse Ben Juda, and was born in February, 1641. Scarcely six years old, she lost her parents. Without relations, and no one looking after her, the Jewish congregation of her native place being poor and constantly threatened with expulsion, Sarah wandered about a neglected child until a benevolent Christian took her up and placed her in a convent. Here the riuns received her, and as no one owned her she was brought up in the Catholic religion. But the early impressions which the child had received in her parental home had not passed away from her mind, with the result that although she was taught and she practised the Christian religion,in her inner most heart she remained a Jewess. But the surroundings in the convent ripened in her a fantastic, dreamy sort of mind, and made her very eccentric. Sarah developed into a beautiful young woman, and in course of time she longed to get away from the convent. One day some Jews, who, taking advantage of a temporary lull in the intolerant attitude towards the Jews, had settled in the place, found a young girl in the Jewish cemetery. She had scarcely any clothes on, and when asked what she was doing there she replied that she was a Jewess, and was against her will detained in the convent. The night previously, she said, the ghost of her departed father had appeared to her and induced her to follow him to the burial-place. As a proof of her statement she showed the marks which she said her father's firm grip had left on her arm. It appears, however, that while in the convent she had acquired the art of making indelible marks on her skin. , The Jews, however, for their own safety's sake, did not consider it expedient to harbour a girl who had escaped from the convent. They therefore assisted her in getting away to Amsterdam. Naturally eccentric, and unusually excited over her escape, she declared to the Jews of that city that she was destined by the Almighty to become the wife of the Messiah, who would shortly appear*. The wonderful story of this beautiful girl caused a great sensation amongst the Jews, and the report of it penetrated as far as Cairo, in Egypt. It was at that time that Sabatai Zewi, who pretended to be the Messiah, stayed in Cairo, and when he heard of the beautiful girl and her^strange story, his mind was at once made up. To the rest of his falsehoods he added the one that he had dreamed of a Polish girl who was destined to be his spiritual wife. Without delay he despatched messages to bring the girl to Cairo. A deputation, consisting of men and women, including Sabatai's own sister, met the girl and handed her a large number of costly presents made of gold and silver, and set with jewels, as well as rich silk garments for her use. The idea of becoming the wife of the Messiah, or perhaps the sight of the handsome presents, made Sarah the happiest girl in the world. Without hesitation, she con sented to go, and on the 21st Juli, 1662, she arrived in Alexandria. Her great beauty and peculiarly dreamy ways made a deep impres sion upon Sabatai, and on the day after her arrival the marriage was celebrated. The joy was great indeed 1 Seventeen thousand persons took part in the festivities, which, according to the custom of those days, lasted for a whole week. The beautiful Polish girl was no small factor in increasing the number of Sabatai's followers. Her great beauty and charm of manners attracted men and women alike. But the pretender's career was cut short before he expected it. The Turkish authorities, looking upon .Sabatai as a dangerous agitator, had him arrested, and in order to escape death by the public executioner he embraced the Moham medan religion. Sarah followed him, and was given the name of " Fatima." This was the end of Sabatai's Messianic swindle. 