Humour. 0 Everybody in the world is engaged in throwing tho blame on some one else. \- Many a youth who seeks for the tree of knowledge gets only a branch. If some man succeed only m raising a big, overhanging moustacho, they are satis fied. The men who is'perpetually hesitating as to which of two things he will do seldom doeB either. ' Short and sweet,' remarked tho grocer, as ho tied up. thirteen ounces of Bugar and 'marked it one pound. . Ethel— 'You say when Charley proposed he didn't get down on his knees ?' _ Evelyn — ' No ; I was on his knees.' Men would not care to he wicked if women did not look on naughtiness with mingled dread and admiration. ' You. seem to he greatly annoyed ?' ' Yes, I am.' ' What is the cause P ' I can't find anything to complain of.' There is a place for every one in the world — and out of it, according to the theologians. Which place Pis the burning question. She—' Do you think marriage is a failure ?' He (aged twenty) — ' It begins to look that way. I've been rejected fourteen times.' Two glasses, a bottle, two men, A question, a nod, and ' Say when.' There is only one letter in a man's alphabet, and that is ' I ;' only one in a girl's, and that is ' 0 ;' only one in a married woman's, and that is ' U.' He — ' My dearest,- darlingest, little wifey, She — 'You needn't employ any of that sort of taffy, for you won't get the latch-key, no matter what you say.' " ' Tis ten P. M. !' the girl exclaimed, But useless did it prove. Ho didn't seem to -understand That P. M. meant ' Please move.' Neighbour — ' What did your mother say, Johnnie, when you told her I was very sick ?' Johnnie — ' 0, she said she guessed you'd come around all right, 'cause the good gene rally die young.' 'Come here, my little maD,' said a gentle man to a youngster of five years while sitting in a parlor where a company was assembled. 'Do you know me ?' 'Yeth, thir.' 'Who am I ?' 'You itb tbe man that kithed mamma when papa was in Thuff oik . TheBibblor's sou told his father tbe other day that ' he believed all human beings were descended from apes. In his wrathful rage the old man retorted : ' That- may be the case with you, hut not with me. I can tell you that.' A Good Hit of Advice. — Horace Greeley ought to> have lived until now. He would hhve amended his famous saying. — How 1 — He would have said : Go west, young man, and get sent east as a United States Senator.' ' Inquisitive Yankee— May I ask your views on the- question of annexation? Haughty Canadian — We intend to annex the United States, sir, as soon as our English syndicates have finished buying it. Ghost (ata soancc)— Do you recognise me ? Mrs Topper (confidentially) — Yes, you arc my late hus band, John Topper. Ghost (surprised) — How did you know me ? Mrs. Topper (firmly) — I smelt your breath, John. . He was in tho minister's parlour to pay his ad dresses to the daughter.' ' Do you drink whisky ?' asked the holy man. '.Thanks, don't care if I do, but i prefer brandy.' . "Tis-ten p.m.,' tho girl exclaimed, . -. But useless 3id it prove. He didn't seem to understand . ' 1 Thatlpfm. meant ' Please move.' ! ' Neighbour— What did your mother say, Johnnie, when you told her I was very siDk ?' Johnnie— Oh sho said she guessed you'd come around xll right, 'cause the good generally die young. Mrs. Jaggs (suspiciously)— Your eyes are watery and terribly inflamed. Mr. Jaggs (with an injured air)— Well, next time you give me a Bible for a birthday present, don't select one with such fine print. The .man who says sarcastic things about his wife 'going through his trousers pockets' while he -is asleep, is generally the one who doesn't give his wife'- any money when he is awake. She— Edward, thejministcr has asked me to sing at the concert f6r the church fund, and I He (eagerly) — Oh, go, by all means I nover did have much love for that parson, or his congregation either. A California Prophet predicts tho destruction of Chicago within the next eighty days. Close investi gation proves that this prophet moved from St. Louis to California. A Double Likeness.— ' Your son was here yester day and had that picture' taken.' ' That's liko him.' ' And he said you would ho around to pay for it.' ' And that's like him.' Call no mail happy till he's dead,' said the old philosopher. The Somorvillo Journal adds : And don't ho too sure id it then; You may have over looked some part of his record. Mrs. Itich (excitedly)— Baby has swallowed my watch. Dear, dear, dear, what shall I do ? Watch maker—Let him swallow Hie chain ; then pull. At the Threshold of a Turkish Bath.— Lean lady to stout lady friend— You ilon't moan to say you come here to got loan ? Why, my doctor ordered me here to get fat. He who dares lo predict the Weather from day to day gives hostages to chance, anil discounts probabi lities with more than the easy confidence of a combi nation bank wrecker. ITc — Perhaps you won't believe me, but I never laugh at an inferior. She— Of course I believe you, It yould be impossible for you to do such a thing. If some poets ' learn in suffering what they teach in song,' how tliey must have suffered. New York may probably got the next world's fair but it rvill never get one in this. Yeast— Do you play chess '! Crimson-beak — Well, no : I can't say I play it. I work at it occasionally. it may ho all right to wait for ' dead men's shoes,' hut it's folly to go standing around barefooted during the interval. , The fashionable -woman in tho forties is .ubtoyonerally ambitious to discover a now wrinkle, 175 