in The Nick of Time. The Thrilling Experience of a Telegraph Operator. » Miss Lily Somers, ight telegraph operaor at the Hooawood tation, eat before her able, on which a elegraph instrument licked busily, a houghtful expression n her face. Fioodwood was a orlornly desolate spot nd one where any oman cxcept L-ly ould have been fraid to come, much ess to stay alone at y night, with nothing but the wind sadly sighing through the wires overhead, and the shrill shrieks of the wild cats away np on the mountain side to keep her company through her nightly vigils. But to her there was something fascinating in the very desolation of tbe place. From early, childhood she had been accustomed to commune with natnre in the wildest scenes, and played and wandered at will in tbe mountain glens and canons. With no foplish old woman or silly nurse-girl to frighten her childish sense with etories of hideous ghosts and monstrous goblins, she had grown to womanhood naturally brave and fearless. In truth she did not yet understand the meaning of the word fear. Hei office was nothing more than a roughly-built shanty, seven or eight feet square, with a email window in each end, and one in the door whieh faccd the railroad track. It had been hurriediy put together with green lumber while the road was in course of construction, with the intention of only using it temporarily until a better one could be built, but as usual in Euchcases, it had done duty for its original purpose ever since. The rough, unpainted boards were sow badly warped and shrunken by long exposure to the elements, and in many places large knots had lallea completely out. No doubt in the winter time the bleak mountain wind oheerily. whistled through these many apertures, and while one side of the unhappy operator was being nicely browned like a piece of toast by the red-hoi stovo, the other eide would be refrigerated like a frozen rabbit. It was about one o'clook in the morning whtn Lily received an order from the train despatcher, which read as follows: " To Operator, Floodwood.—Hold No, 21 until No. 21 arrives.—E.K.C." On receipt of this order she immediately displayed the red signal light, which ia fur> niehed all telegraph stations for this purpose, in a oonepiouous place, in plain eight of passing trains, and also where it could be seen from the office window. The necessity for' this order and position of the two trains, briefly etated, were as follows: -- No. 22 bad arrived. at Silver Creek, ten miles west of Floodwood, a-Iew minutes after No. 21 had pasecd llsdwcod, which was thirteen miles east,of Floodwood. As No. 22 was late, and could go no further on the schedule, according to the rules of the road, they would be compelled to lay at Silver Creek until No. 21 arrived there, unless they could get orders by telegraph to meet ifcern at some other station. Floodwood being tbe only intervening telegraph office between the two trains, the despatcher gave the above order to tbat station, and as soon a3 it was properly acknowledged by Lily, he sent another order to No. 22 at Silver Creek, whioh read in this manner: " To Conductor and Engineer. No. 22, Meet No. 21 at Floodwood. Approach carefully.—E. E. C." The intelligent reader will readily understand that by means of these orders two trains would meet each otber at Floodwood in perfect safety, notwithstanding tbat one of them knew nothiug of the arrangement. To explain: It No. 21 Bhould arrive first, they would be stopped by tbe red light which showed there were orders for them at the station. The conductor and engineer would immediately proceed to the telegraph office, where the operator would deliver them a copy of tho order to hold them for No. 22. This would be sufficient,and tbey would wait until No. 22 arrived. If No. 22 ehould arrive first,tbe execution of the order would be yet more Bimpie. No. 22-would" islie siding, and as soon as they were clear Lily would be at liberty to take dows the red signal lantern, and allow No. 21 to imes without stopping. H both trains ' should happen to arrive at the same tirae, the red signal would etop No. 21, and, as No. 22 had instructions to "approach carefclly," they would do so, expecting to findNo. 21 occupying tbe main track. Lily perfectly understood the importance of the order she had just received, r.ud during the long hour, which wore slowly asay, 6he kept careful watch of the signal light, wlrch, however, continued to born bri^hily aa ever. At last she heard 3 rumbiirg noise away in tho west, which gradual'? bocttrae louder and louder and more distinct. By lliia she knew tbat No. 22 was ootai^t', and would probably get in on tbe Eiding before No. 21 should arrive. The rumbling beoatce louder scd louatr each moment; the earth began to tremble, and the peculiar vibration in the air which gives warning of a rapidly approaching train hummed loudly in her eats. She began to feel anxious, ae they were evidently coming at a high rate of speed, and not approaching as carefully as their order had instructed them; she also bad not yet heard the whiBtle which is always sounded by trains when app r oaohing a station, aud this omtnission increased her fears that something was wrong. But she was given no time for further reflection, es tbe tram not? suddenly dash around a ourro not a hundred yards distant, running at full epsed. Lily flewout and stood bstween the rails,, swinging her hand lamp wildly across the track and shouting at the top of bcr clear young voice. But no attention was paid to her signal, the train coming madly on with such a rattle and clash that it drowned the sound of her voice. The roaring, rushing train was now upon her, and she barely had time to spring from the track and escape with her life. With a rattling crash and an awful rush of air the hissing, throbbing monster sped evi'tly past her, while the clank, clenk, clank cf the car wheels passing over loose splice near by was so rapid that it resembled the quick hammering on the anvil in a blacksmith's tbop. For a moment Lily was unnerved nnd bewildered, but suddenly arousing herself to action she rushed into the office, and, seizing a piece or fire-brickthat did duty as a clove leg she turned and hurled it through the wixrftro of the oftbooee, whiob was juet pas* ciog. An inetant later the rcdlighis on the rear end of the train had disappeared around a curve in the cut, and the rattle of tbe runaway train quickly lessened in the distance) LOy' s heart throbbed painfully, and she was seized with a sudden fit cf shivering which most persons of delicate organisations are subject to when under great excitement. As soon as she bad somewhat recovered, she went into tbe cffice and calling to the train despatchcr, who answered at once, she said: . ' "No. 22 psjSEed at full speed and No. 21 not yet arrived I" "My God!" telegraphed bsck the despatcher as swiftly es bis frightened fingers could form the lettera, "tbe crew must be asleep. They wiil strike in that cut and pile up fifty feet hifch i Heavens, this is hotriblc 1" Ll!y then went on to cx-;lein tbat efce had attempted to awaken then^by throwing a brick through the c&booeo; window, and on hearing this the dispatcher opened hia key wi shout waiting for her to fieish,and ea;d, excitedly : "Ban to the east of tbe eiding, eud if jou see tfcern backing np throw tho switch and let them on the siding. No. 21 1B not due her for five minutes, and there is a chance for them yet." -I have no owitch k6y," said Lily. " Break the lock with a hammer, a rock, or anything," wne tbe quick reply. "Ban— fly 5" Lily -seized en old axe that was lying bandy, and, with a vague idea that "she might also need tbe red light, she took it in her other hend and flew up the track witfi the speed of the wind, at the imminent risk of falling and breaking her neck in the inky darkness. Oaee she stumbled and fell, frnd the isntcrn waa dashed from her hand, and went rolling along the ground far beyond her reach by the sudden impetus which her fall bad given it; but without paue;ag to regain it, she sprang to her fuet and bounded on. The switch ,s.t tho cast end of the eidin was fully half a mi'e from the t-llice, and about the Eaine cistnnce from the beginning of tbe cut. If No. 22 could be on the siding in time, they would be safe; but if they attempted to back down the main track past tbe telegraph office, tbey were liable to be overtaken by No. 21 before going half , tbe distance, as, according to the despatcher's figures. No. 21 should now be very close. As Lily reached tbe switch, a pair of gleaming red lights suddenly appeared around the curve in tbe out, and ehc knew that the train was already rapidly backing op, and that she had not a moment to lose. Feeling for tbe lock in tbe darkness, she then struck it several heavy blows with the axu, which she still retained. Luckily, one ••of the blows took effect, and the broken lock dropped to the ground. She then grasped the switch lever, and attempted to throw it over, but it resisted her utmost effort to move it. The train was now only a short distance away, and, with the energy of despair, Fhe braced her feet against the switch-standard, and, patting forth her strength in one mighty effort, tho obstinate lever came over with a sudden jerk, and No, 22 glided safely in on the siding. The shrill scream of a whistle was now heard in the cut, and as eoon as the tiain was clear she again exerted sll hei ot ber strength, aud threw tbe switch back io its former position. A headlight was now flashed srouad tbe curve, and & moment later No. 21 rushed roaring by. Lily, by her bravery, promptness, and preccncc- cf mind, bad averted a terrible calamity. At the official investigation, which took pkec a law daya kttr. tho entire crew oi the rnna'.vay trap) acTsnoskJgcd tbat they v.ere p-dktp, nzcl thai tbe conductor btd bsen awakened by a brick thrown in at the caboose window. The orji? £ souse they had for their resloct of t-'Siy V7ifi thss they bad heat 1 n the rer.o for lh:sty-ts70 COC-?itu ; .i»!j hours without sleep 01: rtet, and that they were ccEc^leit-iy wot a cut. Nct-Tiilistsnding tho fact that t!io aiaucgeme&i; of She read va rs respoDeihla for requiring the men to run this long double trip, the entire crew were tummiri'.y diocliatged for enminal neglect of duty, as though man's cr.duraiice was an infallible - bank, to be drawn on at picture. 