.. - ..L«. , ..J a | POINTS. " | B oourtesay of toe'Ministar for Pubtiu In- j sti notion,- the. Hon« G. rowers, the. list of stats' Mhdol scholarships which wa« promised to be got ! ready this afternoon for publication to-morrow 1 , morning, , w» s.. got ready this morning for publication this afternoon. A Dn. Robbino appears to have written a 1 letter to a friend saying that he had oomimtted suicide. ' Db. Points was heard to remark that.' Waka- . field oannot have been very wide anahe ; in "fact, that he must have been very muoh afield though at home that day. It is said that the Victorian shareholders in „the Tramway Company" hore favour the oable, system aaja motive power. Or "course they do, , but are they willing tot supply the necessary capital to make the -alteration P. It might he worth while for the South Bris- );bane Counoil to pay a little attention to the; banks of some of their big outtings. Evxby heavy rainfall sends down huge masses 4-ot earth from the bank on the right-hand aide \- r of .Roggo, road near Stanley street. \- Thbbb seems every probability, too, that the 'banks in Vulture street- cutting will be snsoep- /tible to the same influence. Fobtunatbly the footpaths oan never be used .in either plaoe in wet weather, bat if a person "happened to bb hart by one of tocBe falls, would . not the council be responsible? Tubes Bonlangiste howled in the French .Senate, and they, like howling Httle boys, wore vatnt onteide to howL Then they howled be cause lhey. were sent out to howl. Tre strike of wharf labourers is considered 'hopeless because Ham-burghers are not " ham- bergherB" — now shortened re "humbugs." Quite likely to be true — the complaint made in England that the wool sales held in the Australian colonies are the means of depriving .-London or the best continental easterners. Trees is to bo a holiday on the 27th instant,- the anniversary -of New South Wales. . Tms will he a great roliof to many great in stitution officers, who have been kept in much -during the rains. It. is -not true that all the aldermen of South IBtisbane were lost in Stanley street. ; I» iB believed that they did not go into .-'Stanley street -during the worse of the weather ; \- not. being desirous to be - billed "sticks in the "mud.'-' _ 'H.1I.S. Goldttkoh has been commissioned 'for 'service in Anstralia. Wonder who was so 'birdy as to oall a ship of war " Gteldfineh." " Tttbe-r is.no danger of .the railway lamps in 'Queensland going on the "bust." As a general rule they have not even enough; inflammability about tbem to light a compart- -inent: ' , And when they have, the oil leaks from the1 reservoir. above to the globe below. , - ; " , And forms a beautiful screen under the flame. . In oonrse of time the oil rises as high as. the /wick," -Wren, after a few -desperate effortB to keep alight, : It gives up the ghost, and passengers murmur through the ahadeB, Trism love and admiration for the railway 'lighting system. ' Residents near the course , of creeks and main drains blcBS the harbours and' rivers men this .weather. At low tide in the river, both drains and creeks aot well in caryingoff superfluous water, But as the tide rises, so do oraess and drains.! A sybteh of flood gates would do muoh to prevent this sort of thing. Bur when it was suggested some time since toa prominent member of the watery depart- iment. .... . -He -smiled a oheerful smile, and said in' reply, ' " Pooh, what's the good, when they ; were . wanted they would not be workable." f ' -THia' might be' the troth, hat at the same -time the residents aforesaid would like to' see' the experiment tried. - ! . A Bin Oontbact.— Repairing and keeping in .repair all.the main roofs of Brisbane. MubejlY, the alleged lead stealer, stated that he had undertaken this stupendous task. Unpoetunately for Murray, those favoured yrith bis attentions did not appreciate his sub stitution of inferior material for good lead. ' Bkafkkbs is at times very convenient- Murray : found it so yesterday in the court, but at certain stages it was notioed he was " all there " in this matter. (One witness wanted to know what had be- oome-of the ladder he had lent him. ; \- It is 'not generally known that Murray's profitable proceeding provided him with a dog cart. : Hob that he used to-drive a wife about in it) and give orders to his men from an elevated seat. - ' . . lb thehusiness of repairing roofs of bnildings . called "high life '.'? ti 'Tten. jubilee plunger has been ponging again, ! and someone has plunged in to stop him. ' Boon Talbot, M.P., England, was worth' only ! £5,000(000 at his death — that is to say, he had so muoh money ; what he was worth the Coo tor . does not say. At a psblio meeting in the Town Hall, Sydney, -on Tuesday evening, a resolution was' passed . contending that, inasmuoh as public-' houseeare licensed ostensibly in toe puhlio in- , terest, full power of veto shonld be placed in the ! hands .of, those most oonoerned— namely, -the people,;-..- . One of Pimental's, or ' Mental Pi's, first acts haB boett to dissolve the Cortes. . : Its members are not in a state of solution, but of scatter, and ban no more be pat together ) again than Humpty Dumpty could. , Gosohen said he knew all about the foots, ' and knew that Britain was right; but Glad- atone did not know the faots, and did not know that Britain was right. ' Danbie' and Ohaiidler say that rainB may come and rains may go, hut that the Liverpool Estate will ba put on the market to- morrow. And whilst it is all very well to talk about Stanley, Emin Pasha, and the Portugese, if a man wants to do credit to his country he .should take a block of that estate. 