'? SOME ONE .ELSE. ' (A STORY by B. M. OROKER.) ?'--'CHAPTER XXXW.— Continued. ' deposed! ' I !'. aghast-. ' My, deal- Flo, I would not — I could' riot— I dare not — not for a thousand j pounds !' .^Oh, come, .that's nonsense; you are the , .only one, all, these years, who dared brave her; . , and, you mast do it for me ; it's the last time,' ' Why riot sp'oak to her yourself, Flo ; you and she have always . been friends ; it would come best from you.' -,'No,- no ; when you have any tiling to do, you don't like, always get someone else to do it for you — that's my idea ; and you will do ;thi3:- little job for me, Haidee, like a good Bister ; there's no time to lose. We are to be ^married in three weeks ! Yes, indeed, you may well open your mouth ! but I'm telling you. the truth.' We have been engaged for two months, and I'm my own master, you .;know; ; ? and j there was no one to consult. — I used to say, I'd . never let myself go under iiJ3.0Q0a. year ; but I'm knocked down a dead -bargain, . after all! Hattie likes you and. Gussie well enough; but she hates Mrs. B. like old boots, and swears she shall never spend ' anight under her roof.' ? ' Meaning this ; roof ?' said Haidee; with raised brows. ' Yes .; and as old Clipperton wants to go ;off [abroad, he has rather run me in. .to get the wedding oVer, do you see,' confidentially ; -'and uo£:course,,you and Mrs. B. will have to clear ibut,' 'and let. the house be done up a bit, don't '.ybu understand !' '' ; 'This is very short notice, Flo. How long . can. you give us ?' , — '.Well, say a week ! You see, there's noth ing to.move but yourselves — and your clothes,' he drawled, unconcernedly. ? ? ' I am not so sure of that,' shaking her head. ' I. fancy from what Mrs. B. said one day, 'that she claims a lot of ornaments, silver plate, ^andipictures, and linen!' ' She be blessed ! Slie had better not let ; me. 6ee her lay a finger on- anything here, or :I'll set my lawyers at her. She hasbeen.play ing a very deep game by all accounts, and has Afeathered her nest right well.' 'Oh,. Flo, you shouldn't,' expostulated his , .hearer. , ?_ r.' ?- , /' Oh,' Flo, but I should ! I'm not at all !-? friends with her, I can tell you ; and tlie way in which she has treated you two girls has been simply abominable, and so everybody ?'says ! I shall give her a piece of my mind ?about it, one of these days. I'm not afraid of 'hep,' : valiantly. 'Not I !' 'Then I. very much wish you would tell ' her your news instead ! : How can I make her ^.understand that she must turn out for ever, in a week's time 1 I can't do it, Flo,' rising and . surveying him. I really can't.' ' ' Oh, yes, you can,' coolly ; ' there's noth j.ing.Iike, trying, you will manage all right. She would only make a scene with me; and I. hate scenes ! Of course you will live with Gus, or Aunt Jane, and here ' (after thought) j i 'as much. as ever you please ; it won't be for long,-. I'll bet. One wedding makes another, -j; and with that face of yours you ought to do ''something respectable !' 1,1 '' '' Never mind my wedding,' said Haidee, r, .after a silence of some moments ; 'your own is inuch more to the purpose at present. I have not wished you joy, Flo ; biit I do, with ! -- ...;,K)toiioi«ll.iny heart, I hope you will be very happy, ?o'.'j.--''.'! Of course you will keep poor old Jacky, won't , shj.Q ,r;''youi— ;to the end of his days'?'-'' ? . ? ? r-''' Of course I will ! he shall live in clover, ; ' ?''?j.-c- , and i never ,, do another hour's work. Even . v, v jjatfcy sjlaii never ride him ! And now,' rising,1 yawning,- and stretching, 'I think., I shall tifrnin; for I'm off by an early train. . I'll « jM A' Dseai '??.ij'oK'. again' before I'm told off; and of . \ - course you'll be bridesmaid ! Hatty is going , . to settle all that !' ; Mo'i! hi -jfy ,n0) j couldn't,' she answered quickly ; V* V ' !-' but Flo was already in the outer hall, and did _ nothear her, and ascended to his chamber, with lazy, leizurely feeling that a great load , ? ha^ 'been remove^ from his mind, his con ; ; ^'^''scioice^save the inark) unburthened, and that . he was consequently fully entitled to sleep the wi %'30W .sleep of the just ! . ^ .-'Iki dli'/i . h\: : '?* . ;..-ogs««!ffs /' Haidee sat over the slowly dying ire. tor 1 ?' more than an hour after her brother had retired ; strange thoughts, and some very ,&ad; . ones, chasing each other through her brain. ? ? So the old home, such as ir was! wasito.be ? , . .T rlJS. 5 broken 'up' at last ; and in one week ; well; as the wretich had to come there was no use pro ' «Y ' lbhging 'the agony, the sooner it was over the better. She could not bear to think of Hatty Glipperton, of all people, reigning among their ^ household gods ; Hatty with her loud laugh, t,:; v her ..slangy ways, her contempt for old fashioned things and/ people. She wptild. no -..inay 'doubt store all the chippendale furniture, the ancestors, and the china; and inaugurate blazing cretonnes and brilliant cliromohtho ??^''or^mdphs She was prejudiced, she ? , 4 knew and she told herself so very frankly.' r Flo had a right to please himself ; things could BSTi;; Hv, not always go, on in the old groove, and Hatty ?f. c --r -i, jnivht steady down, and make lain an excellent . . -wife. For a long time Haidee sat over the ? ii'siii * i dying- embers, till the loud old clock on the -gtairs chimed two; and shivering with cold, and feeling very miserable indeed, she took ^ h- candle and glided like, a ghost upstairs. ' What fun they had had on those stairs, and m .\\[0 , , the top corridor, iu the days that were no »'Tr:. ...... ' ? more ! What races, bolstering matches, ^and ' * sieges had been hel'd in their own long lobby ! m there was no use in thinking over these things any longer she remarked to her pale grave-looking face in the glass, as she slowly untwisted her hair. Tho old house was very dear to her in spito of the many dark hours she had spent under its roof, when the weight ?of Mrs. Brabazon's displeasure had crushed her to the earth ; but there had been bright days too — days spent with Teddy, with Miles —and one or two tears gathered under her lashes, and crept stealthily down her cheeks. ' And how am I to tell Mrs. Brabazon ?' she said aloud, brushing away these tears, and rousing herself with an effort. ' It is quite too fearful to think of. 1' know I shall never sleep a wink to-night.' How the tidings wero broken to Mrs. Brabazon we need not linger to relate ; for no pen could give the faintest idea of that lady's indignant incredulity, in the first phase, wild incoherent invective in the second phase, and hysterical weeping and denunciation of Florian's inhuman ingratitude in the third and last scene ! She went about, her handkorchief applied to her eyes, a model of injured inno cence, or posing as a melancholy representation of fallen greatness ! She .vrote reams of letters, and . made many farewell calls in the neigh bourhood, goodnaturedly taking lie acquain tances into her confidence, as- regarded her opinion of the bride-elect — and she left not a few directions to Haidee of a distinct]}' testa mentary nature. Indeed, one would imagine, from the way she bore herself, that once she had shaken the dust of Baronsford from off her feet its downfall was a mere question of time. She made no attempt to conceal her reluctance to evacuate her comfortable home, aiid that Florian's contemplated marriage was a terrible blow to her. That the girls should .find partners and nests of , their own was natural and desirable. She not only hoped, but expected this contingency ; but as regarded the chance of Florian following their example (which would touch her more acutely^ she was as persistently blind as the traditional ostrich hiding her head in the sand. She closed lier: eyes tightly to an event that would be attended with unpleasant personal consequences. Indeed, Florian himself, had always so loftily despised, the sex, had such an exceedingly high opinion of his own merits, and a proportion ately low one of the many young laches of his acquaintance, that his step-mother took him at his word, and hugged herself with tl\e -idea that she would reign all her days as mistress of Baronsford. But this pleasing delusion was fated to be dispelled, and the fact that Hatty Clipperton was to rule in her, stead (a girl whom she specially abhored), was a. circumstance that did not. tend to mollify the situation. Of course Florian, the poltroon, had fled. He chivalrously left it to his sister to bear the brunt or the iray, to listen to ALrs. Brabazon's stormy monologues, to sit by witli burning cheeks, whilst that lady morally vivisected the whole family, sparing neither young nor old. . 'You are really the best of them,' she said to her step-daughter in one of her milder moments. And at times lier fos silized conscience smote her with regard to the ? part she had played between Haidee and her penniless cousin. It did not matter to her now whom she married. She would not be here to reap the benefit of a grand connection ; as. far as she was concerned her pretty step daughter might now marry a sweep ; and really, if it had been any one else but Miles Brabazon, she might have brought herself to say a word. Any one but Captain Brabazon, how she hated him, always would hate him, with his studied courtesy, . and cool, interro gative, and (it had seemed to her) mocking eye ! No, lie never should have the desire of his heart as long as it . was in her power to hold it from him.. Miss Jane and Mrs. Brabazon were still 'on terms,' and nearly every day the former lady came up to Barons ford to see how the packing was going forward, and to ask if she could be of any assistance. This mode of speeding the parting guest irritated Mrs. Brabazon to the1 very bounds of lier good manners, but' she stifled lier feelings, and was fully resolved to part on an affec tionate footing with 'Old Jane,' as she inentally called her. ' Old Jane ' would see that her character was tenderly handled, in the coming byand-by; it was well to leave orie friend at court. ; (To be continued). 