AMUSING. Old ocean—".I hud av:swell breakfast this morning." Wandering wind—"What did you have?" . Old ocean—"Bolls." She—" Miss Ifodney always looks well for one who has so little dress on." He— " Yes, she is rather thin." ■ '• Ellowly (consulting liis watch)—"Is your watch going, Brownly ? " Brownly (despoiuleutly)—" Going! It's gone." " Will you many me, Ethel ? " said the youth ; " my family tsall that one -.could wish for —" Then why dp you want me ?"••■-., " Come and dine with me to-morrow." " Afraid I must decline—I'm going to sec 'Hamlet.'" "Never mind—bring him tvilh you Ilaekmau—" Is the doctor at homo ?" llridget—"Yes, sir ; he's out in the baek yard killing a chicken." Ilaekmau—"Call 'im in; I've got bigger game." Forward watch—"Eight bells, and all's well." Seasick old lady—"He wouldn't say so if he knew how badlv I felt." " Is that young man gone, Matilda ? " cried her father from the top of the stairs. " Oh, awfully! " returned Matilda. Edward Bellamy lias made money by " Looking Backward," hut most men who try it only bark their shins against an ash-barrel or a lump-post. Son—" The boss told me to-day that ho didn't know what lie would do with out me." Father—" That- was nice. What did you say:" Son—"Asked for a raise." ■> "What is society?" It is a place where people who were poor twenty-five years ago tell of the plebeian origin of their neighbors and conceal tlier own humble beginnings. " I must break the engagement, and yet I don't want people to say that I jilted liim." "I have it. Invite liim to '• "Make some of your tea-biscuits.' "Yes.-- "Ami he'll break it himself." Turnkey—"How,prisoner, come out of your cull and speak to this gentleman." Convict—"I don't want to see him." " Man, it's the governor of the State." " Oilthen I'll come out and ask his pardon." " George," she said, after she had promised to he his wife, "please don't announce our engagement until - next week." " Why not, darling ?" lie asked, tenderly. " Because I'm going to the theatre with Henry on Friday night.'' " I have here a story, a sort of fiction, founded on fact," said the young man, demurely entering the sanctum. "We are over-stocked with stories such as that," observed the editor, backways "what wo want are stories of fact, founded 011 fiction." Householder—" What's all the racket, at the front door ?" Servant—'' Please, sir, it's the new telegraph company as wants to know if they can remove the water-fountain in the door yard." House holder—" Remove the fountain? What for ." Servant—To put up a telegraph pole." "Yes," said the learned youth, "I reached forward and struck him on the optic, and a minute later his niter <<j<> was in mourning." " His what?" inquired his fond parent. " His ullt r «/»—liis other ej-e, you know, of course." Charlie liivers—" And so you will be eight next week, Flossie ! Why, you are getting to lie quite an old lady." Flossie —" Yes, I'm getting old much faster than sister May is. She has been twenty three ever since I can remember." Mr Ivirke Depew (.Sunday morning)— " I see tho Ivor. Mr Alban Cope is going to preach at our church this morning." Mrs Depew—"Why,isn't he awfully high church ?" Mr Depew—" Awfully ! He carries his ritualistic notions so far that he wears stained-glass spectacles." " Is there a doctor aboard ? " queried a lanky Texan, who bad stopped the train in the middle of the prairie. Three men stood up. " All right," said the Texan ; " I am very glad. If there is any dis turbance you gentlemen will be handy, for I'm going to rob the train." Elderly party (to small bov)—"Come, my Fttlo man, I guess you'll let luc have your seat ?" .Small boy—"Guessagain." Elderly party—"What You won't give it up ? Wouldn't you give it up to your father if he came in ?" Small boy—"You just bet your life I would. I wouldn't ride with 110 ghost." "What is the matter with that baby ?" growled an irascible husband, as the little one poi-sistcd in howling and kick ing to the extent of its little might. "The matter is, sir," calmly replied the wife, as she strode lip and down the floor, "the matter is that this baby inherits j*our temper." And tho husband returned to liis paper with a gloomier face than before. For the third time little Tommy Figg had asked his father what was the cause of the desert of .Sahara. . Finally, the old man laid down his paper and an swered : " I reckon it was formed when the Isralites lost their sand ; and if you don't quit asking me so many ques tions, I'll sec that .your mother puts you to lied before I get home hereafter." " But, paw, how can you see her put me to bed if she puts mo to bed before you get homo ?" And. that question was Tommy's last—for that evening. A tramp printer, visited an Oakland printing of lice recently in- search of work, got none, but receivod some money. Later in the day a trump watch maker took in • tho jewollry stores about tho city in search of work; got none, but received some money." Towards evening a tramp shoemaker made the round of the cobblers in search of work ; got none, but received some money. That night a tramp—drunk as he could well .be—occupied- a chair in a .Seventh street grog shop. It was tho printer, the wutehmakor and the cobbler. 