Sunday Evening Lectures. THE BIBLE. The Rev. W. Scott last Sunday evening delivered the first of a course of Sab- bath evening lectures on the Bible. Prior to touching upon the subject of his dis- course, " The Genuineness and Authenticity of the Bible," Mr. Scott explained that this lecture was preparatory to a double course that he purposed delivering. It contained the basis of a course of sermons which he delivered in the old country, ad dressed distinctly to the working man. He had a large and most sympathetic acquaintance with working men, and he found in the old country there were certain views entertained concerning the Bible which he might disabuse their minds of. He had their testimony to the effect that he had been of great service to them. Here ho had had young men submit to him views such as he had had to meet in the old country. This course of sermons would be followed by a second coarse in which he would go into his subject in a more detailed manner. After referring to the difficulties that had beset his mind as a young man, he Baid his sermon would be a preparatory one, and that next Sunday evening he would enter on the question of the inspiration of the Scriptures. In commencing this course of lectures he was confronted by two forces which he had no wish and no right to ignore. They were " antagonism to the Bible," and " criticism of tho Bible." Referring to the former he said one might have hoped that by this time antagonism to the Bible would have waned. Coming as a friend to man, a bene diction to the world, human hostility to it was hard to understand. It had alighted upon life as a healing power; it had broken man's fetters; built up man's liberty and urged an unceasing war against human despotism; it had consolidated civilisation, and was con- tinually casting out barbarism. And yet it inherited the resistance and the antagonism of the ages. But after all this antagonism was its crowning legitimation. The presence of evil interests arrayed against the Bible down the ages, and in our own day represented but the inevitable as long as sin was a power among us. It neither caused fear nor surprise. It attested to the vitality of God's word, and declared it to the ends of the earth, conquering and to con quer. As for criticism, he wished to say with all possible emphasis that he disclaimed all hostility to criticism. Honest criticism was doing signal service to the Bible and Chris tianity. It had helped us to construct our historical evidence and throw light upon the Bible in a thousand ways. The Bible lent itself to critical investigation. It was con stantly inviting investigation, and furnished means of the most severe testing of its claims. It spreads over the whole length of human history. Its own literary history extended over 1500 years. No sacred book of any other religion entered into such responsi bility with reference to profane history. In thus taking up into itself large breadths of the history of the world, it supplied ground for the most testing criticism of the most vandal critics. Let any one read the story of Pontius Pilate in the pages of Tacitus, and then read the same in the pages of the Gospels. Read the Aots of the Apostles, and in close critical alliance read the Epistles of Paul. Read any epoch of the world's history in the profane history, and then through the record of holy men of God speaking as they were moved by the Holy Ghost, and it would be realised what he meant by the Bible lending itself to the keenest and best equipped criticism. He would dwell promi nently in his first course on some of the instances in which the genuineness and authenticity of the Bible seemed to have suffered by apparent collision between extant profane history and scriptural alleged misreading or scriptural silence. The most severe assaults against the genuineness and authenticity of the Bible had been made on the ground of the assumed antagonism between Genesis and science. He might at once say that the Bible was not, and never was, intended to be a handbook of science. It was no part of the writer's intention to anticipate discoveries in physical science. To come to the Bible expecting scientific information up to latest discoveries, and to repudiate its authority and divineness because it failed to teach advanced scientific truth was to make an enormous assumption on a priori grounds. The aim of the writer of Genesis was not scientific instruction but to convey certain ideas regard ing man's spiritual history and his connection with God. Scientific knowledge, as we under stand it, was not in the minds of the people to whom he wrote. Teaching must accommodate itself to the scholar. They could not teach without the momentary consideration of capacity and condition. To teaoh a child you must speak the language and employ the method a child could understand. You must pitch your lessons on the basis of existing knowledge. Without this consideration early Scripture could not be understood; with it the scientific conflict a outrance with Scripture became discredited from its very beginning. He had to assert that Genesis affirmed certain truths of a scientific character, centuries before the birth of science—scientific conclu sions which were regarded to-day as the most treasured were to be found in Genesis. The hardest won of scientific researches in recent years were to be found in Genesis. Genesis and science coincided on the subject of the original unity of the race. Genesis asserted that the entire human race sprang from a single pair, and anthropology said practically what Genesis said. The writer of Genesis asserted that the families of man originally used one common speech; at Babel arose confusion; from Babel distribution and diversity of speech. Every advance which the science of philology had made of late years had been towards complete agreement with Genesis. Again, Genesis and ethnography had wonder ful coincidences, and the history of Genesis ages ago was scientific deduction to- day. The cosmogony of Moses and science abounded in coincidences of agreement. Science said life came from life, and without life there could be no life. This was the almost universally accepted law of Biogenesis. Man came from man. The Darwinian theory of human descent was mere hypothesis, and nothing but hypothesis. Science found itself unable to explain the origin of primary matter, and it was compelled to postulate. Now these three cardinal facts were just the three facts in the creation in which Genesis saw a Divine Creator. In spite of wild talk of pre existing man, science was agreed that man belonged to the latest comers upon this earth. Geology showed that the primary, secondary, and tertiary rocks told us nothing of man. Traces of man first appeared in tha post-tertiary formations. In other words, man belonged to the modern period of tlie geological record and to that period alone. Scripture on its part affirmed that the closing and complet ing work of the creation was man. Without pursuing these coincidences further, this ques tion forced itself upon us, and with redoubled force on those who denied the divineqess of the Bible. Whence had Genesis obtained its Information? Whence came these age-old anticipations of modern science ? With us the answer was easy enough—from the God of Heaven; "holy men spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost." What could be the answer of sceptics ? After dealing briefly with what the preacher termed the blatant charge of forgery brought in certain quarters against the Bible, he went on to point out another line of proof to demonstrate the divineness of the Bible. This he did under three headings: First, in its way of treating humanity its divineness could be seen. Second, the unity of the Bible. It was made up of many parts, if thirty-nine writings in the Old Testament and twenty-seven in the New, nearly forty authors in all, who manifested every qualification for literary labours. Their work extends over the long period of fifteen or six teen centuries. They wrote in many lands and different languages, and yet the Bible was in telligibly one. From beginning to end the one aim was to reveal God to man and bring man to God. From this design the Bible nevor swerved so much as by a hair's breadth. Third, its perfect adaptability to man's needs. Adaptation was God's law of His universe. Everything was perfectly adapted. There was nothing redundant; nothing deficient. The word of God, and that alone, oould meet the fever, the thirst, the desolation, and the woe of the human heart. It is when our needs were most pronounced, and our spirit cried most pieroingfy, that the divinenepa of the Bible was most Burely proved. When the higher problems of oar nature strained within us, and <we were compelled to ask: Whence we came? Whither going? What life meant ? What its relations were to another world? What God is? What he required of U3 ? How he dealt with us as sinners, and and our sins? How we were to be forgiven and stand justified in his sight ? The divinely implanted instinots of immortality could alone be met by the divine provision found in God's word, and only there. When found, experi mentally found, then the divineness of God's word would need no further proof, for after all the Bible must be its own true argument and defence. Its power oould never be triumphantly proved until it was felt. The authority of the Bible could never be fully supported unless it was manifest within. As the beauti ful stained-glass window was meaningless when viewed from without, and its solemn forms of life and beauty started into loveliness when the light of heaven streamed through it; so with God's book. It would be dark, unmeaning, and uninspired if we wen outside its life and light. The beauty, the holiness was because it is God's inspired word, but the beauty was not seen, and oould not be seen, till the Sun of righteousness arose, and we were no longer in the outer oourt, but admitted within the T«il to look through its pages to a glorious heaven. Then the inspired heart should read an inspired and divine Bible, and know " every line marked with the seal of high divinity, every leaf bedewed with drops of love divine." At the close of the lecture Mr. Bcott said he would be glad to receive any serious inquiries relating to his subject, and he would endeavour to answer them. If he oould not' answer them, he would say so frankly. He did not mean speculative questions, but serious ones. 