AUS'I KALI A. FOR THE AUSTRALIANS. In accordance with his often proved stra tegy, Sir Henry Parkes has again resorted to a device. similar in character to those which repeatedly' has extricated him from dilemmas from which there was no exit save an ignomi- nious one by any other means. I lie object of all such devices has been to distract public j attention from the actual facts at issue, and divert the current of its connections into side issues which have but little hearing on the real question or even have none at all. These Juries, to secure and retain the sympathy of the colony, have been set with such consum mate skill in their nature and time of produc tion as to proclaim Sir Henry Parkes the wiliest aociger in Australia, although it is more than doubtful whether such measures have tended lo gain him the respect of those whose- esteem alone is worth gaining — the in telligent patriots who have the strength of mind to think for themselves It is notori ous that when the loading politician of New South .Wales has realised that by accident he is advocating the interests of a losing side, the great man has not disdained to fan into misguiding brilliancy the ever smouldering sparks of religious bigotry, or of political feuds that had their rise in the old world and under an entirely different constitution to that of our glorious young country. It is his torical that questions have arisen on the poli tical horizon whose issue was of paramount importance to the colony, whereof the correct' solution, however, would prove prejudicial to the interests of its Premier, Sir Henry Parkes, who without hesitation has forthwith, not un successfully, so disrupt tired the concensus of public opinion on some secondly detail as to minimise its force, which until then was bent on the best interests of the common weal. The."Kinma ghost," endangermcnt of the Public Education Act, and numerous other bogies have figured in turn at the will of this clever old magician, and in the present crises, " hi, Presto ! ' he broaches the subject of Federation, and strives to prove that even now he has lost none of his cunning. He knows full well — no one knows better — that the vital question at issue now is Freetrade or Protection ; he realises that the time is drawing very short before a general Election will take place, and this is the time he chooses for throwing dust into the eyes of the people by introducing the subject of Federation, in ihe spirit of which do all agree. Let not the public once again be gulled by specious pre texts, but unswervingly keep in view the policy which they know theory and experience alike prove to be the only one tending to national advancement. Many thoughtful patriots are of opinion that since the very in auguration of a once popular policy sunny New South Wales has been converted into a rubbish heap on to which the very shoddiest of the rubbish produced by foreign factories has been shot, to the detriment of the indus trial advancement of the colony. They hold if this policy continues in force much longer agricultural progress will be seriously retarded for want of remunerative markets for the pro ducer, whilst the destinies of the country will be entirely in the hands of the Metropolitan Ring of traders and non-producers that con trol the elections in Sydney. Tho :e patriots aver that they cannot bring themselves to be lieve that the electors will again submit to i-hic nnrlpcnrnlil- rti lliinac rinrl env if \- W>V. .V ""7 " they (the electors) will but act in concert at the ballot-box a change for the better will ..soon be brought about. If voters will but act up to the spirit of the motto, " Australia lor the Australians, ' say we, and select as their representatives in Parliament none but individuals who represent the National cause, the. better at any rate it will be for the pro vinces, whence spring tlv very life-blood of the metropolis. The maximum of good to the greatest number is the watchword of the National party ; and the cheerful din of ma chinery in motion will enliven factories ih localities now silent as the grave, and give employment to the willing hands at present sunk deep in empty pockects for want of em. ploymen't. Working men then after their day's toil will turn to cheerful homes in lieu of receiving grudgingly granted charity from Government during the day, crowned by coihefortless nights sleeping on the dewy or fairi-soddened grass of the Sydney outer jiomaiii, as many hundreds have to do, to the disgrace of those who now hold control of jiublic affairs. 