CHAPTER III.-THE SLAYING OF THE SI DONIANS. Morning broke in the EaBt ! A new day dawned upon the silent sea, and on the .world of light and sound. The sunrise crossed the waters by a path of gold, and fell upon the golden raiment of the Wan derer as he slept, making it blaze like living fire.' As the sun touched him, the prow of a black ship stole swiftly round the headland, for the wind was fair in her wake, and the oarsmen drove her well with the oars. Any man who saw her would have known her tobe a vessel of the mer chants of Sidon-the most cunning people and the greediest of gain-for on her prow were two big headed shapes of dwarfs, with gaping mouths and knotted limbs. Such gods as those were worshipped by the Sidonians. She was now returning from Albion, an isle beyond the pillars of Hercules and the gates of the great sea, where much store of tin is found ; and she had rich merchandise on board. On the half-deck beside the steersman was the captain, a thin, keen-eyed sailor, who looked shoreward and saw the sun blaze on the golden armor of the Wanderer. They were so far off that he could not see clearly what it was that glittered yellow, but all that glittered yellow was a lure for him, and gold drew him on as iron draws tho hands of heroes. So he bade the helmsman steer straight in, for the sea was deep below the rock, and there they all saw a man lying asleep in golden armor. They whispered together, laughing silently, and then sprang ashore, taking with them a rope of twisted oxhide, a hawser of the ship, and a strong cable of byblus, the papyrus plant. On these ropes they cast a loop and a running knot, a lasso for throwing, so that tho3r might capture the man in safety from a distance. With these in their hands they crept up the cliff, for their purpose was to noose the man in golden armor, and drag him on board their vessel, and carry him to the mouth of the river of Egypt, and there sell him for a slave to the King. For the Sidonians, who were greedy of everything, loved nothing better than to catch free men and women, who might be pur chased by mere force or guile, and then be sold. again for gold and silver and cattle. Many kings' sons had thus been captured by them, and had seen the day of slavery in Babylon, or Tyre, or Egyptian Thebes, and had died sadly far from the Argive land. So the Sidonians went round warily, and, creeping in silence over the short grass and thyme towards the Wanderer, were soon as near him - as a child co\ild throw a stone. Like shepherds who seek j to. net a sleeping lion, they came cun ningly ; yet not so cunningly but that the Wanderer heard them through his dreams, and turned and sat up looking round him half awake. But as he woke the noose fell about his head and over his armé, and they drew it hard, and tbrew him on his back. Before they could touch him he was on his feet again, crying his war-cry terribly, the cry that shook the towers of Ilium, and he rushed upon them, clutching at his sword-hilt. The men who were nearest him, and had hold of the rope let it fall from their hands and fled, but the others swung behind him, and dragged with all their force. If his"arms, had been free so that he might draw his sword, it would have gone ill with them, many as they were, for the Sidonians have no stomach for sword blades ; but his arms were held in the noose. Yet they did not easily master him ; but, as those who had fled came back, and they all laid hands on the rope together, they overpowered him by main force at last, and hauled him, step by step, till he stumbled on a rock and fell. Then they rushed at him, and threw themselves all upon his body, and bound him with ropes in cunning sailor knots. But the booty was dearly won, and they did not all return alive ; for he crushed one man with his knees till the breath left him, and the thigh of another he broke with a blow of his foot. But at last his strength was spent, and they had him like a bird in a snare ; so, by might and main, they bore him to their ship, and threw him down on the foredeck of the vessel. There they mocked him, though they were half afraid ; for even now he was terrible. Then they hauled up the sail again and sat down to the oars. The wind blew fair for the mouth of the Nile and the slave market of Egypt. The wind was fair, and their hearts were light, for they had been among the first of their people to deal with the wild tribes of the island Albion, and had bought tin and gold for African sea shells, and rude glass beads from Egypt. And now, near the very end of their adventure, they had caught aman whose armor and whose body were worth a king's ransom. It was a lucky voyage, they said, and the wind was fair ! The rest of the journey was long, but in well-known waters. They passed by Cephalonia and the rock of ./Egilips, and wooded Zacynthus, and Same, and of all those isles he was the -lord, whom they were now selling into captivity. But he lay still, breathing heavily, and lie stirred but once-that was -when they - neared Zacynthus. Then he strained his head round with a mighty strain, and he saw the sun co down upon the heights of rocky Ithaca, for that last time of all. So the swift ship ran along the coast, slipping by forgotten towns that died be fore history began. Past the Echinean isles, and the Elian shore, and pleasant Eirene they sped, and it was dusk ere they reached Dorion. Deep night had fallen when they ran by Pylos ; and the light of the fires in the hall of Pisistra tus, the son of Nestor the Old, shone out across the sandy sea coast and tho sea. But when they were^come near Malea, the southernmost point of land, whore two seas meet, there the storm snatched them, and drove them ever southwards, beyond Crete, towards the mouth of the Nile. They scudded long before the storm-wind, losing their reckoning, and rushing by island temples that showed liko ghosts through the mist, and past havens which they could not win. On they fled, and the men would gladly have lightened the ship by casting all the cargo overboard ; but the captain watched the hatches with a sword and two bronze tipped spears in his hand. He would sink or swim with the snip ; he would go down with his treasure, or reach Sidon, the City of Flowers, and build a white house among the palms by the waters of Bostren, and never try the sea again. So he swore ; and he would not let them cast the Wanderer overboard, as they de sired because he had brought bad luck. " He shall bring a good price in Tarns,"' cried the captain. And at last the storm abated, and the Sidonians took heart, ärfcl were glad like men escaped from death ; so they sacrificed and poured forth wine before the dwarf-gods on the pTow of their vessel, and burned incense on their little altar. In their mirth, and to mock the Wanderer, they hung bis sword and his shield against the mast, and his quiver and his bow they ar rayed in the fashion of a trophy ; and they mocked him, supposing that he knew no word of their speech. But he knew it well, as he knew the speech of the people of Egypt ; for he had seen the cities of many men, and had spoken with captains and mercenaries from many a land in the great wars. The Sidonians, however, jibed and spoke freely before him, saying how they were bound for the rich city of Tanis, on the banks of the river of Egypt, and how the captain was minded to pay his toll, to Pharoah with the body and the armor of the Wanderer. That he might seem the comelier, and a gift more fit for a king, the" sailors slacked his bonds a little, and brought him dried meat and wine, and he ate till his strength returned to him. Then he entreated them by signs to loosen the cord that bound his legs ; for indeed his limbs were dead through the strength of the bonds, and his armor was eating into his flesh. At his prayer they took some pity of him and loosened his bonds again, and he lay upon his back, moving his legs to and fro till his strength came back. So they sailed southward ever, through smooth waters and past the islands that lie like water-lilies in the midland sea. Many a strange sight they saw ; vessels bearing slaves, whose sighing might be heard above the sighing of wind and water-young men and maidens of Ionia and Achaia, stolen by slave traders into bondage ; now they would touch at the white havens of a peaceful cit}' ; and again they would watch a smoke on the sea-line all day, rising black into the heavens 5 but by nightfall the smoke would change to a great roaring fire from the beacons of a beleaguered island town ; the fire would blaze on the masts of the ships of the besiegers, and show blood-red on their sails, and glitter on the gilded shields that lined the bulwarks of the ships. But the Sidonians never stopped till, one night, they anchored off a little isle that lies over against the mouth of the Nile. Off this isle they moored tho ship, and slept, most of them, ashore. Then the Wanderer began to plot a way to eRcape, though the enterprise seemed desperate enough. Ile was lying in the darkness of the hold, sleepless and sore with his bonds ; while his guard watched under an awning in the moonlight on the deck. They dreamed so little of his escap ing that they visited him only by watches, now and again ; and, as it chanced, the man whose turn it was to see that all was secure fell asleep. Many a thought went through the prisoner's mind, and now it seemed to him that the vision of the God dess was only a vision of sleep, which came, as they said, through the false Gates of Ivory, and not through the Gatos 0f Horn. So he was to live in slavery after all, a king no longer, but a captive, toiling ia the Egyptian mines of Sinai, or a soldier at a palace gate, till he died. Thus he brooded, till out of tho stillness came a thin, faint, thrilling Bound from the bow that hung against the must over his head the bow that he never thought to string again. There was a noise of a singing of tho bow and of tho string, and the word less song shaped itself thus in tho heart of the Wanderer : Lol! the hour is nigh And the time to smite, When the foe shall fly J Prom tho arrow's flight! 1 Let the bronze bite deep! j Let the war-birds fly Upon them that sleep And are ripe to die ! Shrill and low Do the grey shafts sing ; The Song of the Bow, - The sound of the string ! Then the low music died into the silence and the Wanderer knew that the next sun would not set on the day of slavery, and that his revenge was near. His bonds would be no barrier to his vengeance ? they would break like burnt tow, he knew in the fire of his anger. Long since, in his old wandering days, Calypso, his love, had taught him in the summer leisure of her sea-girt isle how to tie knots that no man could untie, and to undo all the knots that men can bind. He remembered this lesson in the night when the bow sang of war. So he thought no more of sleeping, but cunningly and swiftly unknotted all the cords and the bonds which bound him to a bar in the hold. He might have escaped now, perhaps, if he had stolen on deck without waking the guards, dived thence und swam under water towards the island, where he might have hidden himself in the bush. But he desired revenge no less than freedom, and had set his heart on coming in a ship of his own, and with all the great treasure of the Sidonians, before the Egyptian King. With this in his mind, he did not throw off the cords, but let them lie on his arms and legs and about his body, as if they were still tied fast. But he fought against sleep, lest in moving when he woke he might revettl the trick, and be bound again. So he lay and waited, and in the morning the sailors came on board, and mocked at him again. In his mirth one of the men took a dish of meat and of lentils, and set it a little out of the Wan derer's reach as he lay bound, and said in the Phoenician tongue- ! "Mighty lord, art thou some god of Ja van?'' (for so the Sidonians caliea the Achoaus). " And wilt thou deign to taste our sacrifice ? Is not the savor sweet in the nostrils of my lord ? Why will he not put forth his hand to touch our offer ing ?" Then the heart of Odysseus muttered sullenly within him, in wrath afc the insolence of-the man. But he constrained himself and smiled, and said- " ; " Wilt thou not bring the mess a very little nearer, my friend, that I may Bmell the sweet incense of the sacrifice ?" They were amazed when they heard him speak in their own tongue ; but he who held the dish brought it nearer, like aman that angers a dog, now offering the meat, and now taking it away. So soon as the man waa within reach the Wanderer sprang out, the loosened bonds falling at his feet, and smote the sailor beneath the ear with his clenched fist. The blow was so tierce, for all his anger went into it, that it crushed the bone, and drove the man against the mast of the ship so that the strong mast shook. Where he fell, there he lay, with his feet kicking the floor of the hold in his death-puin. Then the Wanderer snatched from the mast his bow and his short sword, slung the quiver about his shoulders, and ran on to the raised decking of the prow. The bulwarks of the deck were high, and the vessel was narrow, and before the sailors could stir for amazement the Wan derer had taken his stand behind the little altar and tho dwarf-gods. Here he stood with an arrow on the string, and the bow drawn to his ear, looking about him terribly. (TO BE CONTINUED.) " My wife is the queen of the tea-table." " And she never reigns but she pours." The widow is less selfish than the maiden, for while the latter is always looking ont for No. 1, she is satisfied in watching for No. 2. 