THE WONDERS OF THE OCEAN WORLD. By Professor Alexander "Winchell. Copyright. V. . Tho deep, mystorlous sea ! -Weriisten to its ' loud rosounding roar along , the beach, but it brings us no tidings of tho world buried in its silent doptlisl' Ships lie tlioro, with',thcir un- returning sailors still at their posts, or fallen . aslcop in the embrace of the lethcan waters. Thcro lie tlio30 steamers whioli went out from their docks blessed by a hundred waving adieus, but novcr . returned to receive a wanderer's greeting. Men and women wont on voyages into thoso voiceless abysses, and no m esscnger has rcturnod to whisper a syllable of their fate. Oh, vast, insatiate sea, that has engulfed fleets and argosies, and rendered no account of tho destiny to which thou hast consigned them, wo challenge thy unresponsive defiance, we dare thy secret dcptli9. Come with mo, reader, to the foam girt shores of rocky Nahant. "Wo have learned to solve tho mystery of tho deep sea. We will go down under its billows and bring back tidings of the silent, watery realm. How incessantly the great waves break on these porphyry cliffs ! They are whito with rago ntthe unmoved resistance of tlio firm land. See, from beyond como the higher swells, liko a caravan of heaving moun tains, to continue tho attack upon the shore. Tho surface of tho sea is afoam with moving masses which testify to a pitch of excitement at which we stand and tremble, while transfixed by tho sublimity of the scene. Hero are the forms of seaweeds strewn along .the shore — strango forms, beautiful, decorative forms, which grow in the gardens under tho surf — torn up by this battle of the billows and the shore. They tell us of quiet retreats whero the sea mosses grow, and the tompest seldom intrudes. Down into those peaceful gardens we glide— along tho stormy slope which separates them from the howling beach — tlio drifting slope where the sands are moving to and fro, and the fragments toru from the porphyry cliffs are beating their angles against the buried ledges. Onward we glide, discoverers in a new realm, until our feet touch the gardens of the ulvre — the green and black and purple ulvie— rooted in the restful mud, stretching their grace ful lengths upward toward the stormy surface, and tho stimulating sunlight No storm is raging here. Tho agitations which stir above reach this retreat as tendor caresses, and tho swoymg fronds nod trustful dalliance with the rude forces of tho waves. Beyond the fringe of the kelp, along parterres still more protected, wc tread upon the tender forniB of the bronze and pink and yellow mosses wbioh only the fiercest storms havo hitherto brought to the bench for our admiration— Ccramiums, Grinnellins, aud Delesserios and their fairy companions. Here they grow, unvisited by adventurers from the world of surface life, which looks enraptured on the mangled beauties which tho terrible tempest wrenches from their deep security. AYe arc less than half a mllo beneath the upper air aud sunlight. But wo nro in the dim vestibule to the dark abysses which lio beyond and below. The creatures of the shore havo scurried about us on our way, repelled by fear nnd attracted by tho novelty of trespassers on their domain. Within this half-mile— far within it— arc the homes of tho fishes with which wc are familiar. This is the realm of the artful crab and his casc-mated allies— skulking, in tlio forests of seaweeds, to escape the hungry search of tho roving shark. In this zone, hordes in numerable of swimming aud crawling creatures protect their lives by strategy, and prolong them by prowess. Now an autumnal chill pervades tho element which bathos us. On tlmt summer day which witnessed our start-, tho temperature of tho water was perhaps 70 de grees — now it is 40 degrees. A twilight has setticd down on us. Looking upward toward the day which wo havo left it is but a yellow ish dusky hazo which overhangs. Clear as the water appeared to be, the sediment floated from the land, seen through tho distance of half a mile, shuts out the blue sky. 14 The dust of our continents to bo" is settling down around us, and in another ago the pulpy, rclic-frcighted sea bottom will bo uplifted into daylight, and other populations will settle on it aud cull it theirs. "Wb pass on. Our distance from tho shoro becomes such thai a mile of water hangs over u9. Tho sediments from the land arc dimin ished; but total darknons shuts uu in. \Yo grope. Nothing is visible. No sound is heard. There seems to be no life. Tho species which dwell in twilight do not pass the .wall of dark ness. There arc no more seaweeds— only dia toms and calcareous algte— plants with frames of silica, nnd the curious jrowcr of unconscious locomotion, swarming in tho depths, and Slants liko vegetable limestone, rooted and ranched. It is a fearful realm which we aro entering. Thcro are no enemies to encounter. Tlio pit falls havo been buried beneath tho smooth slime which thousands, porhaps millions, of years havo thrown down. Butit is an unfre quented abode. Thcro aro no charts to show tho way. Thcro aro no footpaths to follow. "Wo know not what wo shall meet. Twilight is ex tinguished. The sparso sediment from the laud could no longor be detected ; but tho forms of living things, plant and animal— things micro scopic and multitudinous float in clouds around ua and .over us. They are dead forms, —abandoned homes of tiny creatures which swarm about in tlio sunlight near tho surface. Abandoned thoy nro now settling down through tlio abodes of midnight and silence, and are strowiug the cold sea-bottoms with a whito and chalky oozo. Wo aro two miles beneath day light— shut in by a wallas impervious as if it were granite. Beyond us stretch tho slopes of the ocean's floor, down threo miles deeper. These aro the abysmal plains. They cover half the earth's surface. Our thermometer has sunk to the freezing point. It is- some degrees below freezing, yot this sea water dues not; solidify. The pressure is four to fivo tons on every square inch of surface. The darkness is total ; the ailenoe is that of non-existence. Wc listen for tho roar of tho waves at tho surface above. A storm is ragiug there. A stout steamer i3 creak ing with the strains she cannot long endure. Tim mate is crying to the sailors in an agony of anxioty for the safety of liis iron ship, and tho hundred passengers entrusted to its streogth. We listen intently, but not a creak of the ship —not a blow of the wild waves sends a sound into the abysses where wo at e buried. Yet but throe miles separate us from the storm. Can three miles create transitions so vast? We crawl over tho place. No hills and valleys are here; no diversity of peak and gorge and plateau. We are mired in the Globigeriua and Pteropod ooze — the chalky precipitation from tho tiny populations which have spent their lives in sunlight near the surface — ooze the ac cumulation of a million years— the continuation of the chalk dill's of England, once au abysmal sea bottom like this. But in the profoundest depths the ooze has chnngod to a reddish clay, aud this remarkable product is world wide in its distribution. Here, too, descends the dust blown from the throats of volcanoes and floated by the trade winds around half the circum ference of the adobe. Hero is the dust from Ivrakatoa, after floating a year in the upper air and painting a ruddy glow in a hundred sunset skies. And here fulls tho meteoric dust — the ashes of burn out meteors that flew swiftly for a thousand years through tho interplanetary spaces — dust which flashed upon tho vision of men who founded the early empires— mingled with cosmic dust newly arrived from its slow journey down through the dark aud sileut and motionless depths of waters. We stand and gaze out into the blackness and chill which re3t against us like bodies imbedded in a wall of masonry. Days may pass, months and years, and not a sound comos out of the solitude which imprisons us ; no gleam reminds us that nature is not dead. We stand a century, and nothiug stirs — nothing in thoso voiceless plains of death, though above us sweep the still, majestic currents which bring frost from the pole. This mud is tho dust of cemeteries, which has been gathering sinco the ocean descended to tako possession of its mysterious bed, shuttiug three-fifths of tho world's surface from the observation of man. Mingled with tho clay arc the relics of larger creatures which have lived in the sea where the sunlight cheers its popula tions — teeth of sharks, car bones of whales — not tlio accumulations of yesterday or of a century. Thoy are the relics of creatures whoso raco has died out — tertiary whales, tho representatives of past cycles of geologic history. Nothing changes here. Cold and darkness prevent decay. Hero by the side of the wrecks of the last winter are tlio hard parts of the creatures which dwelt somewhero in the ages before man. Dead ruins of extinct types, we said. Nay, : tho forms are not all dead ; the realm is still iuhabitod. Hero arc crinoids — palaeozoic cii- noids — which have come down through all the ages of geologic history, lying here, sleeping here like inanimate organisms through the centuries, chilled into chnngelossness liko mam moth carcases encased in ice, still dreaming of the middle ages of the world. Here are grotesque articulates, perpetuated portraits of the quaint ancestors of tho lobster and tho crab — archaic fishes whose retarded development 1ms left them ages behind in tho march of pro gress. Few and widely scattered are these wanderers out of tlio world's autiquity, and they havo not strayed to greater depths than -three and one- third miles. No ray of light, wo said. But a phosphores cent gleam breaks through the wall of night. In the distance is a fish-like form hearing a curious appendage which seems to servo him as a lantern. It sheds a ghastly glow into the thickness of the solitude. This creature, then, ha9 use for oyes. Shut out from nature's sun light, he is a feeble star to himsoif. HU lantern-glow reveals the presence of other grotesque forms, without starlight and without eyes. Fishes they are, but stranger than fancy ever pictured. Ono has a mouth of fivo times the length of the body's diameter. The mouth of another opens to twice the length of the animal's body, with a bag-like pouch, which would hold the entire body six times over. Another has glaring eyes liko & tea saucer, strained to take in the thin phosphorescence from his neighbor's lantern. Life is even here — antique, obsolete life, which the ages havo sent by a devious path astray, arriving at our times a million years behind its date. But wo must pause. Hero is too much suggestion for us to contemplate. Our weird walk must come to an end. Leaving tiic realm of tho pakcozoic ghosts and shadows, we hail again the light and warmth for which wo were made. Docs the story sound liko a fairytale? Wc have not been down to visit tho specter realm ; its objects have been brought up to ua by the dredges of tho English Challenger, tho French Traveller, and tho American Albatrors, and tho other gropers. in the cold silcuco of doep-sca mysteries. 