A FREE MARKET The literal meaning of the word ''Fair.' In its commercial sense, is a ' free market.' In other words, a * * fair' * means a market at which all and every mav Durehase or not without £bem% subjected to fee or tax, and also wiiere all and every can sell witn ont any such disabilities as attach to ordinary markets. At one time the fairs in England were great features in the socia and industrial life of the people ; bnt, since the establishment of rail ways, and the quicker ino communication which hws resulted, these fairs have pretty, well died out, a matter perhaps fof regret, in some respects, bnt inevitable under the changed conditio* of the national life. i Here in Australia fairs are unknown, indeed very little of the old taaliioned methods obtain in these fast go-a-head colonies. life is not so slow and lethargic as in Europe, and business is done with a movement and force to which, even in this da?, few provincial folk in the old country axe accustomed. This, however, is a necessity, following upon our freer and more prosperous condition, as well as the a wakened mid intelligence of last half eentnzy. life, too, though longer in ita average than our worthy forefathers enjoyed, is still too short for slow ot cumbrous methods; and the ait now Is so tight in all directions to do as much in an hour ss 100 years ago was accomplished in a week* Tms, however, is not a fo marvel. If we ive at higher pressure, we obtain higber rewards than the old folk could possibly earn. The average +** capacity, and therefore of expenditure* is a hundred fold greater, and is more equally distributed than in those 'good old days*' which sentimentalists are continually regretting— people, by the way, who are of similar sapless constitution to that of Lord Hansen who wrote *' Let science, learning, arts and commerce die. But give us back our own nobility.*' People nowadays have money to spend, and as educ tisn and a higher intelligence have taught them how ts spend it wisely, we find great establishments, such as For and Gibson's, of Smith street, CoUingwood, into existence, whose purpose it is to supply to a wdl -to-do population, the comforts, the necessaries, the elegancies and refinements of fe. Here we pause to make a correction. We have said that fails are unknown in Australia. We are wrong. At this present moment, the firm we have mentioned, Messrs. Foy and Gibson, axe conducting a gigantic Fair, and to nse a graphic, though perhaps somewhat vulgar, expression, 'it is a sight to do sore em good.' Any theatrical manager who may happen past Messrs. Foy and Gibson's great shops dnrmg the day must, indeed, have a large aud generous mind if he forbear from a sish of envy as he notes the throng and press of people into and out of those jflaces. All moved by the one impulse — an eager desire to avail themselves of the ad vantages offered by Foy aud Gibson to purchasers during their great Fair. To the benevolent mind it must give pleasure to reflect that at least 90 per cent, of these crowds are rendered happier by their attendance at this Fair. The young wife who has become possessed of oue of those elegant mantles, of which etich numbers of ! surpassing beauty and grace arc exhibited, will have a sweeter temper and more contented spirit ha* hitherto ruled her. The matron who has secured one of ' those splendid Brussels carpets at 4s.6d. pa- jard will fed a greater pride than ever in her home. The country gentleman who has pur chased his suites of furniture for % home . o which Le shall presently conduct his bride, is fined . with a sense of importance and responsibility, to which hitherto, during his shiit Less slovenly bachelor days, he has been an utter stranger. In a word, it is impossible for a reflecting observer to look on at the ceaseless influx and out - flux of visitors to this show to be inwi«iWf- to the oircumstance that these fairs serve a higher purpose than perhaps ever entered into the calcula tions of the originators themselves. We do not sup pose that Messrs. Foy and Gibson, when contemplat ing the establishment of these fairs, took into rec koning the philanthropic aspect of the matter. But as a rule moral pood follows upon all honourable en terprise, Messrs. Foy and Gibson when they reckon their profits, may, if they please, add to them the important, though intangible balance of an in creased popular contentment. There is another Isssontolcaru from these fairs, and that is, that in the hands of capable men, no affairs, however intricate or complicated, are beyond the influence of method. The rules by which great establishment is governed, are even as the laws of the Hcdes and Persians. A fixed ey»J.em — result of long experience- and large business ex perience, controls e«*°ry detail of the busi ness, so that mattery go on like machinery, and to our mind, with much of the tlirob and pulse of the steam eagme. Some idea may be formed by those who have nevs visited Foy and Gibson's premises of their size when we inform them that the frontage -=-*-**^0 220ft. to Smith street, and that there is a depth to little ?xford . street of 200ft. The grea show rooms, £11'?. with the costliest of feminine raiment are enormous apartments. We wonder if ghosts of departed belles assemble hereo* nights and, amidst dainty silks and velvets, and laces, and other bewildering matters, taste again some slight flavour of the delight? which encc moved them in the flesh. We do not believe in ghosts, but, as we have Mi Shakespeare' authority that there are mere things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy, it may be on the cards that ghosts of de parted fair ones do revisit these scenes of first delights and mingle in spiritual sympathy with the substantial throng at Foy and Gibson's Fairs. 