€chots art!) |Ie-<EcIms SPIRITUALISTIC TEA~ MEETING. [Reported by HUGH KALVPTUS.J The first tea meeting of the spiritualists was held the other night, and several who were not there in the body were present in the spirit Mr. Eos® gave the toast of "Spirits," and pointed otrt that it was the abuse of them, not the use of spirits, that brought the mystic creed into contempt. Spirits often came to cheer the weary heart. He had one familiar spirit whom he had named "O.V.G.," and had much solace from communing with it. It never manifested itself in the full body, but rather in a cloud, as it were. Mr. Ferintosh interrupted, and said, "That's •vera true; guid speerits aye hae a wee bit mist aboot them, especially if they are weel het. He kenned inony a time—Mr. Fogg thought his friend Mr. Ferintosh was mistaking spirits from the spiritual realm for spirits of the carnal world ; he had nOdoubt that Mr. Ferintceh was a good "medium for the spiritB he communed with, and that they were always en -rapport. (Mr. Ferintosh —"Nae doot.") At this moment several dramatic raps were heard, and the ghost of Hamlet's father was announced. The apparition offered to go over his lines, " Hamlet, I am thy father's ghost," but an attendant accidentally spilt some hot tea down the back of his neck, and the ghost vanished without waiting for cock-crow, and with something that sounded like a big big D. Mr. Ferintosh eaid he " Kenned weel that speerits fra the nether warld didna tak' kindly tae liquor het—whisky-toddy, for instance; cauld drink aye suited their thrapples best" The toast of the *' Spirits" was drunk in bumpers of green tea, and one of the mediums summoned the spirit of burly Jack Falstaff, who came in with a bounce, albeit somewhat unsteady on the spiritual - legs, and, after slacking his belt, roared in stentorian tones—" Marry, but ye wax exceeding merry, my masters. I have a throat as dry a; a limekiln. I crave you of your mercy fetch me a cup of sack, an' thou lovest me. Hast thou a tapster here? What, ho! tapster!" Mr. Ferintosh began—"I dinna ken guid speertt frae the -vasty deep " when FalstafFs spirit shouted irascibly—" An' thou wast where I've come from, thou wouldst crave for the vasty deep itself to cool thy •vitals, thou thirsty Scot; pass me the leatherjack ; ni drink a stoup of liquor with ye, my merry masters." The medium passed the spirit a cup of cold tea, but when it touched old Jack Fil&taff;'s lips he swore as our army did in Flanders, and roared, "By my trusty sword, an' thou insultest me with that vile hogwash, I will cleave thee to the gizzard," and vanished in an atmosphere of oaths and stale sack. This had a somewhat discouraging effect upon the company, and it was suggested that the spirit of old Joe Grimaldi should be invoked. He appeared without the usual hilarious, " Here we are a^ain," but looked so miserable and serious that they hardly had the heart to ask him to turnout any of his old jokes. He said in far-away lugubrious tones, r" No, gentlemen, I sold all the old gags and'wheezes to J. L. Toole through a medium, and I am told that he has worn them right through to the third skin, and they have got so emaciated that humanity forbids their being trotted' out again." He was offered a drink of tea and a bun, but shook his lead sadly, and said he must go back and see Nelson, who was still suffering from the pains in the limb he lost at the battle of Seringapatam, when he declined to forestall Bill Adams, whom Wellington assured him won the battle of Waterloo. He left, and it was suggested that Shakspeare should be summoned, and'put on oath as to whether he, Bacon, or Donnelly wrote the plays he patented. By some mistake W. Shakspeare, the Adelaide Inspector of Nuisances, came instead, and felt it necessary to threaten an information against the whole party, so they broke up. He said " a little thing like that annoyed hint." There is a rare collection of journalists in the House. We have George Ash, the eloquent member for Albert, who, by-the-way, served in Africa during the war, which perhaps accounts for his aggressiveness and inclination to skirmish. Then there is Davie Bews, Editor of the Wallaroo Times—canny, shrewd, genial Davie, ye ken. Furthermore, there is F. W. Holder, a journalistic professor of politics, who ran the Burra Record once on a time in the recent past. Likewise and. also we have the Hon. J. V. CLoghlin, M.L.C., a clever, oon- • cise leader-writer and Editor of the Southern Cross. Verily there is a deal of talent in Parliament—as the sailors sometimes say. "too much'talent and not enough navigation." They seem to have very fanny ideas of what constitutes private Garment ana relaxation in some parts of the world. Here is an extract from a paper from over the sea, lauding up a new toy, which one would judge from the notioe mnst.be full of joy for nervous females and fidgety males. The toy is the "Flying Rattlesnake," and the laudatory notioe expands itself as follows:—" Horror-stricken audiences. These hideous monsters can be carried in the waistcoat pocket, yet grow to 27 inches long; they fly through the air with a wliizzing noise. They emit the most blood-curdling screams, and produce more fun at a party than an entire troupe of niggers." I should just think so. A private lunatic asylum attached to the place of •entertainment where this exhilirating toy is produced would havt a very fair show of business. Here is another nice little rollicking idea—" The Electric Fusee Case.—In leather and nickel silver. Any one trying to open this, who is not in the secret, reoeives an electric shock." "The Magio Whistle.—Any one, not in the secret, who blows it get their faces covered with charcoal or flour. Capital fun." "Verily they are a humorous as well as an ungrammatical people those Transatlantic folk. 