CJrafo f o l t m p . WHEN Sir Bryan O'Loghlen was talking to his Port Fairy friends he told them that the Gillies Ministry would be turned out in two or three months. People laughed. The baronet is a sanguine man. He has a faculty of foreseeing what he intensely wishes. It is a very agreeable gift. I often wish I had it. However, it is the unexpected that happens, and Sir Bryan's prediction may after all be verified. The Advocate would not regret it; I'm sure. BUT I met a friend the other day of quite another sort. He is a man who has cracked up the Coalition with both tongue and pen—in the House and out of it. He turned the conversation at once on the fate of the Coalition Government. "They are rank failures!" he. said, emphatically. I looked up in surprise, because I know that he had voted the Coalition up to the closing days of last session—" FA tn, Brute !" " Yes," he answered, " I kept them going as long as I could—not that I loved the Ministry more, but I loved the Opposition less. But now I am utterly Bick of them!" " But what have they done so dreadful?" I asked. " Done!'' he said; " why, they have done nothing but tell us lie upon lie. They told us they had a surplus three times as big as the true one. They told us the railways were paying, when they were losing. They told us the .finances were safe, when they were all in a muddle. They paid Speight his extra -salary, and gave nothing extra to the rank and file, even though Parliament ordered it. They are black with sins of omission and of commission. They must go, no matter who comes/'- I JUST narrate this incident as a straw to indicate the direction of the political wind. But I don't pay too much.attention to i(. I am satisfied that the will is good enough to send Mr. Gillies and all his Coalition colleagues packing. But there is at present no strength in the wind. It, is choppy and changing— now one way,, anon another. What we want is a good stiff, wholesome breeze, with life in it; blowing in a steady course. We shall have it some day—not just yet. When it comes it will'sweep the Coalition before it as one of the worst shams of an intensely shamming period. SURGING up out of the mass of incidents from 1 the wreck of thle Quetta comes the wonderful,story of that young girl, Miss Lacy, who,, as the stories tell, kept herself afloat on the sea for twenty hours . , by her . mere skill in flotation. Sow she did it is a mystery. She cannot understand it herself.. "Very touching are her words—" I thiftkl must have slept-part-of the time. It seems to me as if I had been living in an hotel under the' water/'. : Poor'thing!' Ahd-^only fifteen.,' .The girl's prucfc, 1 tooj'.. was wonderful. She was on two jaftp,. ;aric£ volunfMfly.^left v both jtp . taty^and gajb shore"% swimming. ..Wiry, a;.J»alfanphibioua South JSeaii.Islelid woman could not ihavjei e.qualled: this softlyurtured heroine of fifteen.} WHAT a picture those selfish Cingalese and Lascars make in that frightful wreck! Tearing around in mad panic ! Bushing the boats and beating off helpless women and children in the agony of their craven fears. Truly, we don't know what stuff we're made of till we're wrecked. It is not given to everv man to look grim Death between his two ugly eyes, and calmly clasp him. But there were a few in this Quetta wreck who did it, just as poor G. V. Brooke stood holding calmly to the companion ladder as the ship London settled down with him in the Bay of Biscay. Well, while I execrate those cowardly Lascars, perhaps I might be as bad, if similarly tested. If so, why, then, let everybody execrate me, for I should deserve it richly. Cowardice is a woman's excusable weakness. Selfish poltroonery in man is of all things contemptible. PERHAPS you won't mind mr referring to the ceremony fixed for Sunday next at Kew, in laying the memorial stone of a new Convent there. Those Nuns are simply wonders. They are laying broad and deep the foundations of the' great Catholic life in this city. Their demands for money are incessant; but then the work they have on hand is gigantic, and every shilling they beg is husbanded for the service of God and His Church. If I ever become an idolater, I will set up the statue of a nun. I see the Pope has condemned cremation. So he ought. I am glad of it. I'll tell you why. The human body is the temple of the Holy Ghost. It is sacred. The pagans of old burned it Amongst the many signs that the nineteenth century is returning to paganism I place this idea of cremation. My idea has nothing morbid in it, personally. For my own sake, I would not care what might be the sepulchre of my corpse when my spirit has done with it. Whether it becomes food for sharks, or fuel for the flames, is all one to me. so long as its disposal is the " act of God." But for men to take it, and fry it up in a furnace, is a wanton defacement of God's image. Let the dead rest in .honoured sleep, and resolve themselves into their natural elements in the course of nature. The Pope bans cremation, and I bless the Pope. TAPLET. MINING FATALITS.—A mining accident ocourred at Landsborough, near Stawell, on Monday, which resulted in the death of one man, whilst another is not expected to survive the injuries he sustained. Some time ago the Wimmera Mining Company let a contract to three men, named Cunningham, Michael Dean, and Fittock, to sink a shaft to the depth of 100ft. They were down 30ft., and on Monday were engaged drilling holes for blasting rock. Cunningham and Dean were below tamping one of these preparatory to firing, when the charge exploded. Cunningham was killed instantaneously, his features being blown into an unrecognisable mass. Dean, who was discovered in terrible agony at the bottom of the shaft, was raised to the surface as soon as possible, when he was found to be horribly mutilated, his face being covered with clotted powder, and his arms and hands broken. He was conveyed to the Stawell Hospital as soon as possible, and endured great agony on the road. He reached there after a journey of nine hours at 2 o'clock on Tuesday morning. On Tuesday his left arm and the fingers of his right hand were amputated. His sight is completely destroyed. Very little hope is entertained of his recovery. Cunningham leaves a wife and seven children, and Dean has a family of five. ' BROWN V. SYME.—This case came before Mr. Justice Hodges in Chambers on Wednesday, upon an application for a stay of proceedings, pending the hearing of a motion for a new trial. The plaintiff, Mr. Joseph Tilley Brown, a farmer, member of Parliament for Mandurang, sued the proprietors of the Age for the recovery of £20,000 damages for libel. The defendants offensively classed Mr. Brown amongst the members of the fioman Catholic faith who were seeking election to Parliament. He claimed to belong to the Protestant religion, and the jury awarded him £500. The motion for'a stay of proceedings was granted, the 1 damages to' be paid over at -once upon the plaintiff giving an undertaking not to part with the money pending the hearing of the motion for a new trial. A LAND BOOM CASE.—Mr. Harold Sparks, whose name' has figured largely in land transactions for the last two or three years, was prpsecuted in the, City Court on Tuesday 'by Mr. O. H. James, M.LiC., on four charges-of fraud'.' The charges were that the accused committed larceny as a servant of p,/cheque for; £263 lOs. on the 13th {of August, 1886; a cheque for £82 3s. 4d. on the 15th, of January,. > 187,7 7 a ;cheflue; Jfor £i25,r?s., on,the l^th Agril, 188,7; "antral®) embezzled the sum , of £l'7£;10s. Iid.,pn4hie 15th October, 1878, the Ribriey?'of'.',*?. l jH,', fanes.' The case w^scohi^tted on .We^ie'sV day, and ; most likely wmM' occtipythe' attention of the court a day or two longer. f a r d G i p C r o w e r w g l b w e n w o o l L a b a s S l W t t i s a a n y o w m 