CURRENT TOPICS. T'n usual meeting of the Executive Committee of the Benevolent Society was held ;esterday afternoon. Present M2essra J. Stephenson (chairman), A. W. BIirchall, M. Tyson, G. Baker, J. Tulloch, W. R. Barwood, and G. Wilkins. The secretary reported that three men had been temporarily relieved. A ration and a half was grant.d to a man and his wife. The usual relief was granted to a lying-in case. The secretary wished the public warned against giving promiscuous relief without due enquiry, and as an instance quoted the case of a man named Elliott, the father-in law of a man now serving a sentence of three years for theft. It appears that Elliott had collected the sum of 16s by going round with a petition for the relief of his daughter. Of this sum, however, lie had spent 13a in drink, and only gave the unfortunate woman 3s. A small dona tion of clothing was acknowledged from Mrs C. H. F. Shearn, and of £1 from Mr Henry Bennett, of Claremont. It was de cided that the usual winter distribution of wood should commence, the manner to be left to the chairman and secretary. A DEPUTATION, consisting of 11 citizens carrying on business is Charles-street, between Brisbane and York streets, waited upon his Worship the Mayer (Mr S. J. Sutton) at the Town Hall yesterday fore noon, in regard to an announcement made recently from the City Surveyor's depart ment to the effect that the portion of the thoroughfare above mentioned would be closed to traffic during the period the present repairs were being carried out. The deputation was introduced by Mr T. H. Gould, who pointed out the greatincon venience likely to arise through the traffic being suspended, both to the business people concerned and to the public gene rally. It would probably overcome the difficulty if three shifts of labourers were placed on the work, and the steam roller employed at night. This would serve to expedite matters and cause less incon venience. One side of the street might be repaired at a time, while the other part of the thoroughfare might be allowed to re main open. The Mayor promised to consult with the Corporation officers concerned upon the matter. He at the same time p3inted out the danger likely to arise from one portion of thle street being leftopen for traffic whilst repairs were proceeding in the neighbouring part. Fnoss the Court Journal (London) of Marchi 22 we clip tihe following paragraph, which relates to a former resident of West bury, and nephew to our well-known fel low townsman, lIr Rodham HI. Douglas: " Colonel Onslow's approaching departure from Aldershot, where he has so long and admirably filled the post of head of gym nasia, was signalised last week by a very graceful act. Captain Berkeley Quilt, in the name of the officers who had served under Colonel Onelow, presented Mrs Onslow with a silver casket containing a purse of 80 sovereigns. After Captain Quilt had made a most appropriate speech, Sergeant-Major Noakes followed on behalf of the gymnasium staff, and gave Mrs Onslow a splendid silver cup. Colonel Onslow leaves Aldershot on the completion of his term of service as Inspector of Gym nasia. Great is the regret of all classes at tihe loss of the genial colonel and his amiable and popular wife." "ANOuLo- AusTRALIANe" writes in the European Mail of March 28 :-Among the distinguished Tasmanians now or shortly to be in England, not the least dis tinguished, is Mrs Meredith, the widow of the late hen. Charles Meredith, who was on two or three occasions Treasurer in Tas manian Administrations. Mrs Meredith is the author of "My Bush Friends" and other works (all of which are illustrated by her brush), and has had special honour accorded toher by the Tasmanian Govern. ment, in the shape of a pension granted for exceptionally meritorions services. One object of Mrs Meredith's visit to England is, I understand, to bring out a new work. Mn E. WmrsFFse, of the firm of Harrison and Whiffen, electricians, etc., of Mel bourno, is expected to arrive in this city on Tuesday, the 6th inst., and will im mediately commence collecting informa tion touching the successful establishment of the electric light in Launceston. His report will be submitted iro forma to the Municipal Council as a body, and after wards referred for consideration to a com mittee. A nAZAAR was held in the St. Leonards Mechanics' Institute yesterday for the purpose of reducing the debt on the stipend of the incumbent of St. Peter's Church. There was a large attendance, and the pro ceedings were opened at 2.30 p.m. by Mr T. Smith, of Pleasant View, St. Leonards, who made a very appropriate speech. A varied selection of useful and ornamental articles were displayed on three stalls, which took up the entire length of one side of the Institute, and were presided over by Mesdames Cass, Smith, and Priestly; Misses Hardman (2), Pike (2), Dowling, Smith, and Murray. Two other stalls were devoted to refreshments, and poultry and dairy produce respectively, and these re ceived a large amount of patronage. Attractions for the juveniles in the shape of bran pies and fislaing pools were also provided. Business was conducted to a good extent, and will be continued this afternoon and evening. ABOUT 4"30 p.m. yesterday a rather serious accident happened to a little girl named Nellie Hughes. She was playing with other children at the corner of Charles and Cameron streets, and inadvertently ran into a passing dray driven by M. Gridge, of the Sandhill. The shock rendered her insensible, and she remained so for a con siderable time after being carried into the holseo of Dr. Pike. Onla medical examina tion being made the girl was found to have sustained concussion of the brain, which, however, is not likely to have permanent effects. Ms D'Ancr REAn's entertainment at the Pavilion was fairly patronised last night, despite the counter attraction at the Academy of Music. The spiritual illusions are very clever, and the incidental songs, music, and dialogue all that can be desired. In future performances no doubt the ex tremely long " waits," owing probably to want of rehearsal of the mechanical effects, will be avoided, in which case the "ghost" deserves a good share of public patronage. Tue annual tea and social gathering in connection with St. Andrew's Church was hold last night in the school-room. After ten, supplied by the ladies of the church, had been thoroughly enjoyed, a pleasant evening was spent, during which vocal and instrumental selections were rendered by the choir, and Mrs Lyle ; Misses Madeleine Stewart, Kent, and Boyd ; and Messes A. J. Scott, and Joscloyn. Mr A. B. Biggs con ducted, and Mr W. Biggs presided at the organ. The Rev. J. Lyle was in the chair, and delivered an instructive and entertain ing address. The Revs. J. Russell, T. Vinson, and Mr R. Marshall, Town Mis sionary, also spoke during the evening. A CAKE FAIR and flower show will be held at Cressy to-day. Last year a similar affair proved most successful, over £53 being realised, and there is no reason even greater success should not be achieved on the present occasion. NOsINATIONS of members to serve in the Legislative Council for the electorates of Buckingham, Macquarie, and South Esk close at 4 p.m. to-day. In the event of it being necessary, polls will be taken on May 6. Tenn London correspondent of the New York World save:-I have heard from an authentic source a curious fact concerning DMr Gladstone. One of his most remarkable physical charactoristics is the size of his head. It is altogether exceptional. Recently a trusted follower of his was visiting at Hawarden, and one evening the conversation turned on phrenology. Need less to say Mr Gladstone had included this empirical science in his limitless studies. "I am a bit of a phrenologist myself," said he, "and here is a circumstance that will surprise you. Within the last 20 years my head has grown consilerably in size, and I can demonstrate it to you." The old man hied off to an adjoining room and returned with an old court bat. He ex plained that it belonged to a uniform he had used early in his official career. Said Mr Gladstone, placing the hat on his head, " this was large enough for me when I got it, but it is much too small for me now." And so it was ; it did not go down on his head at all. le confessed that the altera tion in the size of his head puzzled him, and declared he had never heard of a similar case. A RETURN has recently been published in Maritzburg, South Africa, giving the total exports and imports and Customs revenue last year. The figutes are inter esting as giving an idea of what the open ing up of the goldfields in the Transvaal has done for Natal, for it is with the fields of that republic that the great bulk of the trade is done. The imports for the last year are valued at £4,527,015, as against £2,890,468 in 1888; and the Customs revenue was £369,689, as compared with £290,084. The exports of colonial goods do not show any very marked increase. They are put at £957,182, against £941,567 for the previous year. In non-colonial goods there was a very large increase, the figures standing at £6009,186, as compared with £476,309 in 1888. Included in the firatof these figures there was no less than £584,933 in raw gold, while in 1888 the total value of gold exported was £391,643. The revenue from railway sources for the year amounted to £533,000. IN consequence of the death of Orderly. Sergeant Croft the competition in connection with the Launceston Artillery tRfle Club, that was to have laken place on Saturday next, Is postponed till further notice. A MEETINeo of the Wesleyan Band of Hope will take place in the Patterson-street school room at 7 30 p.m. to-day. CANDIDATES for the matriculation oxamina tion at the Mlelbourne University are requested to give in their names to Archdeacon Hales this week. OW-Nens of dogs In the municipality of Evaodale are reminded that the time for regis. tratlon expired on the 30th unit. A neLsrPONE lffice was opened to the public at the Perth Post-office yesterday. The best medicine known 15 FANDEnS AND SoNS' EUocALrlT EXTRAOT,-Test its eminent powerful effect in coughs, colds, influenza, etc. The relief is instantaneous. Thousands give i the most gratifying testimony. His Majesty the King of Italy and medical syndicates all over the globe are its patrons. Read the official reports that accompany each bottle. fosler, M.D.. Pro. University, Griefewald, reports :-The Euca. Extr. proved magnificently successful in very severe contusions, bruises, sprains, wounds, scaldings, broken ribs, and limbs. - (bled. Journal, Nov., 1881). - In disease of the kidneys, either active con gestion or suppression (ursemia), or al buminuria, dropsy, lithiseis, nothing will equal in its action Eucalypti Extract. Doses 5 to 8 drope.-(St. Louis lIed. Journal. 1881).-Cancer of the tongue.-Evidence of sorofulous diathesis. Prescribed four drops to be taken three times daily; also tongue wetted three times daily, cured in four weeks.- Moslor, M.D., Pro. University, Griefswald, re ports: - Diphtheria. Tonsils continually coherent, presenting ulcers with white exadats. Cured in 14 dayse. --Surgical Clinic of Prof. Bl'Intyreo, College of Physiolans and Surgeons St. Louis. - Soirrhus of breast - Excision Eucslypti Extract employed. No swelling heat, or discolouration. Cared n I days.--Wholesale Depots for Tasmanla-L. Fairthorne and Son, and Batton and Laws. Retailed by chemists and storekeepers at la 9d and 2s Od per bottle. 6 PIAeoronTes, organs, harmoniums cornets violins, etc., etc. Time payment or discount for canh.-WALn BROS. AMD BIRecHALL. HoLLoWAY's OINTnENT AND PILLS.-Rheu matism and Rheumatic gout are the most dreaded of all diseaseso, becanuse their vicotims know that they are safe at no season, and at no age secure. Holloway's Ointment, after fomen tation of the paloful parts, gives greater relief than any other applhoation; hut it must be diligently used to obtain this desirable result. It has been highly commended by rheumaticl subjecte of all ages and of both sexes, for rendering their attack less frequent and less vigorous, and for repressing the sour perspira tions and soothing the nerves. Ia many cases, Holloway's Ointment and Pills have proved the greatest blessings in removing rheumatism and rheumatic gout which had asseilcd persons pree sionely and at the prime of life. 