[?] JUDGE lynch; [?] ... ,i ..In Two LnmaimrasJ ' Ainile or more north of Ban Pablo, a spur - running westward fsomihe foothills end a in an abrupt eminence which, though : of no great "heightiiaS tolerably oonspioionH object in the. neighbonrhood owing to its isolation and pecu liar shape. It is nearly oironhnynnd its steep : 'sides and flattened top give it the appearance of. '<one of the . old-iashioned straw beehives! that are still, sometimes seen' in rustic gardens. This "' - -odd loohing hill is clothod with a Bparss growth nf pinetreoe. Owing to its sandy soil and \- ' complete exposure to the prevailing ooean winds (here is none of the rank laxurianoe of ! under growth whioh charnoteriBsa mOBt of the' ravines end' valleys of the ooast range. On the level summit stands a single redwood, no giant like \- its" relatives of Northern California, hut dwarfed ' and stnntfd by. its nnooDgenial position. ' Towards" theTiioifio, its trunk is branchless for niany feet, but towards : 'the inland spread various gnarlec limbs, an if all the vitality of ' the -tree had shrunk sway from the unwofcomo salt breezes. Bach is Lone Pine Knob, a well known land mark on the coaBt near San Pablo, and around the solitary redwood, in various attitudes, the avengers grouped themselves awaiting the hour . at which Jaok Scott had promised to return — with or without the murderor. ' It was a glorious moonlight night. West ward the broad Paoifio atretobed like a Bilver Bbield to the horizon ; eastward undnlated the low foothills, gradually rising as they drew - near the hidden line of the coast range. North I And south stretchod a level solitude, broken enly by a few twinkling lights in the distance, where the village of San Pablo nestled between sea and mountain. And the grim band of masked-men, stretched in attitudes of expeot- aiioy or 'whispering in knots gave the needed touch of life to tho solemn beauty of the picture. ' I wonder if the sheriff saw ns start ?" re- marked Field uneasily. " Don't believe ho did," returned Smith, to .. whom the question had been addressed. "Be was inside the hotel when we vamoosed. Not 'that it makeB much difference, though. Sam ' knows where the meeting was called, and he'll \- be after us, as soon as be drops to it that we've alcared.'' " " I wish he wouldn't come," said Field. ,. "So do I, .'but he'll oome. Anyhow, I don't ' think we'll have any necktie and suspender sociable this night." ' " Why notP Do you think Jaok Soott; won't ' thownp ?" inquired Boone, who had drawn near the speakers. _ ' . " 'Fears like it, judge," answered Smith. ' " Where's he been keeping himself all evening, ' if he meant to do the square thing by ns?" " I'm beginning to dislike this job most oon- ' foundedly," remarked Boone, shaking his : broad shoulders with the aotion of a water dog. "Wbyf"- inquired Field in the pert,intrn- ' sive manner to which he owed his nioknamo of " Foxy. "Why?" repeated the judge. "Well, now, come here. What'll you do if Jack Scott turns ! i,p?» -. . : " We'll hang him, of oonrBe." ' ".Looks kinder cold-blooded don't it? See," ' urged' the judge waxing more 'earnest, "tie : lad bomes here alone and gives himself up) he- ' cause his time is out." ' " Nomore'nhe ought to do," interjeoted " Smith. \- : ««I anppose so," replied Boone; "but it looks hard. I took kindly enough to the job, wheri'ifc'was to be done offhand. The delay has ! sort o' shaken the Band ont of me;" ;,; < We've sworn to maintain the peaoe of the country, and put down' outrage- and murder ' with a high hand," spouted Field in his ora- 'tcrieal manner. ' " That's a fact," sighed the judge. "D'ye \- reokon he'Il oome ? " " "If he's a man of his word, he'll oome," re plied Field.' "Man of his word be darned," retorted Boone; "This is a life and death matter,, If yon were-in his place, would you come your- '.'self?" ' Field hesitated. "I— I trust that shall never find myself \- in sucha position," he said after a moment's ; : panes.' y" If you mean by that that any of the bojs \- would let you off on your promise to show np, : you're ' about 'right, I reokon," sneered the \- judge; "When your time comes you'll he banged .prompt enough. No one would take : your word for 24 hours, Mr. Foxy Field;" \- "That was not my meaning at all," cried the other, turning away angrily. One man stood alone near the. slope of the Knob that overlooked tho ooean. He glanced nervously at his watch every few minutes,' and > 'occasionally -gazed upward at the moon, as thongh from her position in the heaveas he would determine the flight of time. " The last obstacle is removed," homuttered.1 " " I have followed the path marked oat for me by fate, even to the end, and the reward will ' follow. Kato will bo mine. She cannot con- \- tinnethis vain oonfliot with destiny." .. . a: elonobing: figure crept up among thepine- ' trees." It was Corvey. Luck had been against .i 'jiMm during the evening, and little liquor had '!'! come inhis.'way, so he followod tho avengers on " their midnight match in the hope cf. deriving some stimulus from the milder exoitement of vi manslaughter, bat he 'kept himself carefally in ithe'b'sokground, for the Vigilauts - were all ./respectable men, and he feared they' might '' reSSiit hie presence. ' . Field had moved across towards Jeffrios. \- .( h i ".Tiine must be nearly up, isn't it ?" he re marked.; , ' Field spoke alond, and . several . drew their watches from their poohets and consulted thorn. "I must have stopped, I think," said .Jeffries, peering at the dial, in the moonlight, "I'm oniy 2G minutcs past." ' i . . "Then your're fast," returned- the judge, j; for it's only 23 past, Ho has seven minutes \- n1 I, don't reokon , it. that . way,", replied the sohpolmaBter.. . 'fit was at 20 minutes past 11 ' otylMtmghtwhen .jo grtintqd'24 hours'." ;f' Xpnr.,watoh was . goinV then, was it?" queriedBoone, drily. \ ' ') " It wbb)" answered Jeffries. ' I'.And has, -been galloping ever Binoe, I'll wariaht/' "No)no. fsaid fill half-past 11 with . ...my. own mouth, and the man that wanta;todook ' ' s seoon'd 'of that time willhavb to atgyjthe.pinnt . „ "witlx snef' j.- v ; h.'j 1 r This remark silenoed Jeffriea- In thG language a 4l<i)San, Pablo) J|' The judge was a'bad man toj „ jopl.'.with;"' ' j ..p ' '."Suppase htt doesn't come, then ?" demanded ' frSsiw."' ; " i J'i!tr JeBri.ee.brbkein again."''.1' " Ifkb dobstft 'po'mdthat'U jproveHiip tp iBe) murderer past poradventore.' '- Wb'll' searbh'fcbe whole ooiintry'for him, and he'll be shot! if ho's oanght.''fl'o»j:;ii j Ol» J ''He'll oomersuro enough," remarked, the J'a£jndgtf;stolidly.' ;! i 't '"i 'Mi . 'H«Iv refnrnedVthe sohool- master'.""' " wliat in thunder .do. you know about ""iadt?).tjdenianded.the othqr.'. ; n '.. /Jegrids quailed at the tone of the'question; i '1" - "Nbtbihgj nbthin'g only it isn' t likoly," 1 ho .stammered. ' " 1:1 ! ' ' yfjyoti.eap you'd vamoose middling lively', df ucjiyoti' Was in;his p,ldcel'.''commontbd Boone- in a contemptuous voice ; ".but you and JsokBootk' '". .'am't'the'tfajjiebreed, I ieokon." 'y ! . > v y. ,Mid Jelfries, to. tho men who had t.s !lounaed,-.up'i.to listen i to.: tbo dieoussiou, '"it's ','ear tbe.'judge has gonb book ou ns. 1 Pus grit .i's .'gone, and. liq, tho, man. to put the jdb: nil i.lhro'ugh.'' i . r - c il'lheeohoolmaster possessed no rhotorioal arts, hut ho usually:waB oaroful to suit his lungasgo to hTa audience. Tha -judgerwas nettloj-by 'ho ohargo, and' taunted 'Jeffries' with his fright, at,the' sup- posed ghost,- but tho story was by this time' I-'- 'familiar to everyone en the. ground,' and beyond a renewal of tho -laugh at Hainan's ' expense, ' Boone's repartees accomplished ' 'nothing. Tho Bohoolmastor took tho ridloulo nuoonocrnedly, and proosedod with his argu- ' ment. , . " Nerves and courage aro two different 'ttbibes;' Now, look here; boyB, it's oome to this. With Judge Boono or without Judge Boone, we've got to keep our oaths and .vindicate San \- , ' Pallo's reputation for low qnd order. You bad the murderer' in yonr bandalaBt night, the rope' " was reund his neck.-, fContrary to: my, advice, and in compliance with Judge! Boone's 'do- . cislon, you lot' him go, "on the ubderstanling that he would show np herei, to-night. I don't suppoBo ' any man in his senses would have taken Jack Uoott'e word for. such a thing,' but you choBO to take it, and I'd- -nothing to say. - Now he's off. . I don't think- he's got olear of the neighbourhod, for no one's seen him on tho road, and wo can't find that he's had i stay waggon-. He's hiding somewhere around,1 and - it's our business to look him np, and when wo find him no more palavering and' slippery bueinees, but shoot -him on sight; - for a murderer who's broken his bail is no better than a wild beset." The soboolmsster'b Bpeeoh was received with applsGBO, and tho mon ovidently. only Waited for a signal to scour the oo tin try in search of the f iigitive. - . i "la time up?" inquired Field. "Timo is np," reponded Human. "You lie; it isn't," eaid the judge cnrlly. "I thought your watch had stopped, Haman Jeffries." "Look at your own, then. .-My watch is right enough. Coma, boys, get to work. I'll lead a gang to search the vineyard first." "Stop!" shoutod Boone in a voice of thnnder. "Hold bard, boys. - Give the devil hie due: He has five Booonda— he — time's np !" But even as Judge Boone was speaking, a breathless man dashed through the pinetrees on the eastern Blope of the Knob, and Jack Scott emerged in tho moonlight on ths summit. " Here 1 am, gentlemen, on time, I hope." The effect of Jaok'a appearance was various on different members of the Committee on Safety. Some, strnok by so muoh oourago and devotion, could hardly restrain their applause, end the judgo, yielding to an impuls9 he could not oontrol, stepped forward and grasped the young man's hand. "On timo, lad, on the nick of it," he said. Field, Smitb, and one or two others oonsnlted together apart ; while Jeffries, mnte and terror- stricken, crowded close against the trunk of the solitary redwood, and asked himself how it was possible for Jack to have escaped, and mar velled if fate reserved a trinmph for this man after all. " Have you brought the murderer ?" In the pause that followed the judgo's question the young man's quick breathing could bo heard, and tbey saw in bis flushed brow and heaving breast evidence oi'tha desperate efforts he had pnt forth to keep his word. All hnng upon his answer in silence, while the low, -distant boom of the Paoifio came up to their -ears, mingled with the voioes of the forest. " I have not brought the murderer with me," answered Jack resolutely, " because, if I mis take not, he is here already." A general bnzz of wonder and inquiry arose from the crowd which pressed eagerly around Scott, while Haman Jeffries, listening with his very soul, pressed even closer and oloser to tha redwood, and readjnBting the crape mask he wore, with a trembling hand. " Is Haman Jeffries here ?" demanded Scott. \- There was no' reply, and he repeated the words. . " Is Haman Jeffries here ?" Fieldstepped forward. " Silence, prisoner," he cried. "It is not yonr place to ask questions. Nobody here has a name, mind that." - ; Haman raised his head.' He had anally still it would seem. Then the man's native addaoity reasserted itself, and he slowly oame forward into the oircle, but he kept the mask olosely fastened. ' "Gentlemen," cried Jaok," I must be heard, otherwise the parole' you accepted from me last night was purnoBeleBS. You gave me twenty- four honrs to find the murderer. I ask now for > less than as many minutes to expose him." "Go ahead, Jaok," uttered the jndge heartily. "You've kept your word, and you shall have fair time to say all you waut to." "Thank yon," replied Jaok. "Well, gentlemen, I must admit that my proof is not qnite oomplete. But li-ten. There is a man in Ban Pablo — he may be hero now, but- 1 cannot distinguish him— who saw the murdered man's cousin tbiemorning, and impressed by tho like ness, he thought it was Diok Morley's ghoBt. He fell on— Jaok wsb interrupted by a bHrst of dcoisive laughter from the orowd. " Why, that's Hainan Jeffries' a ghost story," remarked the judge. \- "It is Jeffries I am speaking of," began -Jaok. " Yah !" broke in Field. " Wo know all about it. Be told us himself." " Well, gentlemen," repeated Jaok, "alLI can say is that I met JeffrieB in the vineyard' this afternoon ; that I had a conversation with bim— " The' judgo tnrned'sharply on Jeffries. "Why didn't yon tell us you had seen Scott ?" he asked. " Because I hadn't," responded Jeffries with out hesitation, " I hear of it now for the first time." C55- "lam glad the lie has not ohokedyou," shouted Jack, "since it has at least betrayed yonr identity. This man not only spoke to mo in the vineyard, but he looked me up in the vault, so that I- might not be able to keep my appointment with you here." " Am I called upon to deny Buch silly false hoods?" demanded the schoolmaster. f'Since when has Mr. Scott beon such a weakling that I could drag him to the lockup at my will, as I might an unruly Echoolboy. -This is the offect of. despair, gontlemen. He has found himself unable to escape, so comes forward at the ' eleventh hour to acause me of the prime.'' The mob was divided in opinion. Though many were inolined to believe Jaok Scott, it seemed, bb the sohoolmaBter had pointed out, ' scarcely intelligible that a delicate man suob as he was could imprison againBt hia will a young ' athlete like Soott. Besides, J effries had' set oat and returned with the pionio.gg It was diffioolt to imagine how snoh a scene as that at which Jaok hinted could have happened without witnesses, for lonely as the vineyard was in genersl, on that particular day it had been quite otherwise. : BSfSSW ' to bb concluded to-mobrow 