CURRENT TOPICS. Oua supplement to day contains. Phases of Life and Labour in Tasmania Observation oh Meteors-Dramatio and Musical Notes-Tho Waratak District Breveties - Agricultural Notes - What Gelatins is made of-The National Drink Bill-The Australasian Statistics-Poetry : On the Track-Letters to the Editor: Recreation Ground for South Launceston; Chudleigh Railway; Free-trade and Pro. tection; Park-street Murder-Adrertis Aments, etc. Mis COLase SANTLis will bring with him the three talented artists who appeared at his Australian concerts. These are Miss Ellen Atkins, a soprano, who graduated at the . Royal College of Music. Mr Henry Stockwell, the tenor who was hera with Miss AmySherwin, andafterwards travelled with that lady through India, China, and Japan; and the conductor of the company, Mr Frank Bradley, who came to Australia as organist to the Melbourne Centennial Exhibhtion. The series of concerts will consist of three, to be given next Wednes day, Thursday, and Friday at the Academy of Music, and the prices of admission have been fixed at a rate low enoughto enable people to attend the whole series. We have been requested to mention that the plan of seats will be open this morning. Tas Australaeian edition of the Ihlus trated London News for April is to hand. The frontispiece is a representation of H.R.H. the Prince of Wales driving the last rivet of the new Forth Dridge* The other illuettatiotis comprise a full- page view of Eton College, sketches in the island of Formosa, scenes in connection with the Chin-Lushai expedition, and other representations. We are in receipt of a copy from Messrs Fitzgerald Bros. In regard to an extract published in our issue of Monday, April 14, from an article which appeared in the Nineteenth Century, in which a certain Sergeant Palmer gives what he alleges were personal reminis cences of the battle of 'i'el-el-Kebir, we have been requested to insert the following paragraph, taken from the Bristol Times and Mirror of liarch 8:-"Colonel L. T. Swains, Military Secretary in the Egyptian campaign of 1882, writes to The Tines: ' My attention has been drawn to an article by an ex-sergeant of the Cameron Highlanders which has appeared in this month's Ninetleenth Centeury. It describes his reminiscences of the Egyptian cam paign of 1882. He describes the night march, giving incidents which may have occurred and several which never occurred. Of the latter I will only deal with one. He says that during the advance a Highlander, either from an excess of whisky or fhom the weird silence of the march, began hallooing at the top of his voice; that Lord (then Sir Garnet) Wolseley rode up and ordered the man to be bayoneted, but that, owing to the inter cession and the recommendation of the regimental surgeon, he was chloroformed and left lying insensible in the desert. Now, sir, as I never left Lord Wolseley for one instant during the whole of that night, I can answer for it that no such incident occurred or any one approaching it. It seems a great pity that articles of this nature, giving accounts of historical episodes, should be published in so interest ing a periodical, to which the ablest of our writers contribute, with'ut being pre viously carefully verified.'" A VERY old resident of Launceston, namely, Mr M Paul Dowling, expired very suddenly last evening. Mr Dowling, who for the past 25 years has been a member of the Workmen's Club, attended at the rooms, as was his usual habit,last evening. He was sitting in the billiard-room watch ing a game that was proceeding, when he suddenly gave a gasp and fell into what was supposed to be a fit. Dr. Cotterell was sent for, and on his arrival he pro nounced that death had occurred a quarter of an hour previously. The deceased, a quarter of a century since, was a leading photographer of this city, but for some years he has been living retired. He was about 67 years of age. "Loxavoann NoTES" writes on Friday: -Mr E. L. Cox, of Jessiefield. Pateena, left some ribstone pippin apples .at miy office to-day as a sample of the second crop this season. He informs me that there are about 100 now on the tree, and that it is blossoming again for the third time. This must certainly be something out of the common. YESTERDAY the woman Mary Jane Best- wick, against whom a verdict of murder was on Wednesday returned at an inquest held at Campbell Town on the body of Emily Bestwick, was brought to this city by Sub-inspector Palmer. She was lodged in the local gaol, and will there await her trial at the next criminal sittings of the Supreme Court. MaesAGEs for the next Mauritius mail must reach Zanzibar by noon c the 80th instant. YESTERDAY there passed away, at his residence, Elphin road, Mr Christopher Spotswood, a very old and much respected resident of this city. The late Mr Spots- wood for many years acted as police clerk at the local Court, having been first appointed to that position by the Mayor in December 1, 1858, and on January 1, 1863, he was transferred to the service of the Government. After a long and faithful service he obtained on January 12, 1887, a twelve months' leave of absence, subse quently retiring on well-earned pension. The deceased leaves a widow and numerous family, all of the latter being grown up. The death of his eldest son, the late Mr Christopher Spotswood, jun., manager of the Hobart branch of the Bank of Van Diemen's Land, at the age of 38 years, from typhoid fever, during August, 1887, proved a great blow to the father. The late Mr Spotswood was of a kindly, retiring disposition, and never took part in public affairs. He was much liked and greatly re- spected by all with whom he came into contact, and his death will be sincerely regretted by the many who knew of his sterling qualities. THE Victorian Postmaster-General has received a report from the accountant of the Post-office concerning the proposed re- duction in the Anglo-Australian postal rate on letters to 2jd per 1.?,. The report elttys .he Argues) points out that, although tile prop:osal appears to have been suggested sith reference to correspondence with the United Kingdom only, it should be con sideredl in r lation to letters for all countries by British packets. Thepostageon letters to thq Unpted Kingdom for 1889 was S25,849. The tJidstdgb tb forelgh ecuntri e via Italy and via San Francisco was .500, the total thus being £30,349. It is reckoned that the increase in the correspondence for the first year of the reduced postage will be 50 per cent., and on this basis the postage to the United Kingdom for the first 12 months is estimatel at £10,000, showing a deficit of £6850. On the correspondence o other countries the loss for the first year is estimated at £1125, reckoned on the same basis. The total loss for the first year would thus be £7975, but to this should lie a?lded the attra Bost for land transit, vi , South Austiailia, o.200; Italy and Fran e, £2369. The loss to this colony for the first year is therefore ex pected to be £9,417; to the Waited King dom and to all countries, £10,544. The Spostage on wholly sea-borne letters for 1889 was only £1261 12s 7d, showing that the public patronise the route to a very small extent. Siu CHARLES DILsa (says an English journal) always refer. to the colonies when t he gets a chance. He said recently at Glaes 1 gow that the worker would become kingin SBritain, as he was king already in Aus tralia. Socibty, he prophesied, would 3 become more ohe, ahd by th§ restriction of the hours of labour work would be more generally diffused and less severe in its ~train. The day would come in Great Britain, and that sooner than many thought, when hereditary idleness would casse, and this without revolution, by the operation of natural causes. He referred also to the extension of the Post-office 1 Savings Dank system in the manner B accomplished in the colony of New Zea. land, and, regarding State taxation, he thought the example of Australia made strongly in favour of progressive death t dities. AT a meeting of the Bet Bet Shire Coun cil, Victoria, on Tuesday, a circular was i rcitd foiit Mr ý. Younge the president of a the group meeting of the attlers' Pro tection Association at Numurkah, asking for support in view of the movement for a return to the principles of freetrade, seeing that the protective system bad very seri ously affected the farmers, and that any compensation to the farmers by a share in the benefits of the protective system had d been opposed by the Trades' Hall, and ro. \- fused in Parliament. The new movement was heartily supported, some of the coun- cillors expressing themselves disgusted with the refusal to accede to the requests of the Farmers' Association, while others welcomed the movement as showing that the farmers are now becoming conscious that a diierent course is necessary to advance their interests, and contended that free-trade principles should have been adopted before. One councillor gave an illustration of the extreme hardship of the protective system. Requiring some machinery at the time of the Exhibition, he applied to Melbourne firms and asier tained the cost to be ?44, but sending over to New South Wales he found thattle price was only £26 10s. The Council gave its unanimous osppert to the circular from the Numurkah group meeting. To-r)i will be the firstday for receiving nominations for the Buckingham, Mac quarie, and South Esk electorates. Nomi nations will close for each on Thursday, the 1st proximo. Mn J. Satism, manager of the New Bijou Theatre, St. John-street, returned yester. day from Melbourne, where he has been securing attractions for the initial season of that establishment under its present auspices. The theatre will be opened with great cldat by a strong company, including the popular London comique, Mr Slade Murray. "Jolly Nash," another "lion" comique, and Professor Perron, a remark ably clever entertainer in his line of busi. ness, will also be brought over. The work of decorating the building is progressing rapidly, and the opening will take place on the 12th proximo. THE following religious services are announced for to-morrow :-At Chalmers Church the Rev. D. S. Brunton is to preach morning and evening.-Pastor H. Wood will officiate at each of the services at the the Tabernacle., 'Cimitiereastreet. - At Christ Church the Rev. W. Law will preach in the morning on "Soul Pros. perity," and in the evening on "The power of a look." The quarterly collection will be mde at each service.-At the Memorial Churchl the morning discourse will be en titled "Three Impossibilities,"_ and the evening one" Believing devils-unbelieving men."-The Rev. T. Vinson will preach ats the Patterson- street Wesleyan Church at 11 a.m., and the Rev. F. Nanco at 7 psm. At the Margaret-street Church Mr Acres will preae'h at 11 a.m., and the Rev. F. Nea at 7 p.m. Mr Archer will ofeiate at Lawrence Vale in the morning, and the Rev. J. G. Millard in the evening. The Rev. F. Neale will preach at St..Leonards at 8 p.m. THAT popular entertainment known as "D'Arcy Reed's Ghost;" which was pro duced in Tasmania some 10 years since with great success, will again be presented to the Lannceston public at an early date. IN another columm will be found a copy of a farewell address tendered by his late parishioners to the Rev.:A. Wayn on the occasion of his leaving Longford, after a residence of 14 years. Another address presented to Mssa Eva Wayn by the mem- bers of Christ Church, Longford, and the Sunday school teachers, is also pub- lished. MESSRS CASTLEY BROS., grocers, Charles- street, have opened the large shop next door, with a fine display of crockery, china, and glass ware, fancy goods, and toys. In the window is a mechlaniical figure, which will attract much attention. Among a few of the novelties are some very handsome vases and jugs of a new ware, verypretty shapes and patterns, also some tin trophies or ornaments of Tasmanian tin. This supplies a long felt want especially among visitors. A ST. Lo?AnnaS correspondent writes: —As will be seen by advertisement in your columns, our usually quite village and neighbourhood will be onlivened on the 30th of this month and 1st of next by a bazaar in aid of the stipend fund of our clergyman, and which, thanks to the industry of many fair hands and the con tributions of friends, promises to be as greata encoes ai those in previous years. OmnibnsCE are announced to leave the city for St Leonards at 6145 o'clock each even ing from the stables, and at seven o'clock from the Brisbane Hotel. WE understand that a Ibatch of ninety summonses has been issuedfor the recovery of municipal rates due for the half-year ended June. They include genaeral, police, and water rates for the city, and special water rate for Trovallyn, Lawrence's Paddock, Newastead, Invermay, and Mow bray. Burgesses will study their interests by at once paying these demands, thereby freeing themselves from the necessary expense and trouble incurred by law proceedings. THERE was again a large attendance at the meeting of the Launceston Parlia- mentary Debating Society last evening, when an interesting debate took place. The Intercolonial Judgment Bill was intro- duced by the Chief Secretary (Mr R. L. Parker) and passed without discussion. The Chief Secretary moved that represen- tatives to the proposed federation conven- tion be appointed. An amendment was moved by Mr W. J. M'Williams to the effect that the debate be adjourned to afford the Government time to prepare a scheme of the broad principles of federal union which the Tasmanian delegates would support unitedly and which would secure the approval of Parlia- ment and the country. An animated discussion ensued, in which the following took part :— The Treasurer (Mr J. V. Sul- livan) ; Messrs P. B. Dugan, J. D. John- ston, E. G. Miller, A. B. Biggs, E. A. Nathan, A. Miller, J. Blundell, J. H. Morton, and the Minister of Lands (Mr F. Tyson). The amendment was withdrawn in favour of another amendment by Mr A. M'Donald, to the effect that a committee be appointed to bring down a report on the federation question. The debate was then adjourned till Friday next. In the European Tait of March 21 "Anglo- Australian" gives the following items of Tasmanian interest :—" Twenty- five bushel cases of new potatoes sent from Tasmania have jolt reaned Co ent Barden — I am sorry to add, quite rotten and worthless: this in spite of the advice that they should be sent packed in cares made as nearly airtight as possible, and sent, moreover, in the cool chamber. These 25 bushels were packed in the ordinary way ill apple cases, which are very much open to the air, and brought over quite as ordinary cargo. Ifind ied i ldchrynue ! Among the Tasmanians now in England is Mr Arthur J. Ogilvy, a gentleman of considerable cetate in the Richmond district, who is well known in the colony as the author of the A.J.O.' letters in the Mercury, dealing with several public questions in . an exceedingly able manner. Mr Ogilvy is, by the way, a a sound free-trader, and has the ability to demonstrate very fully the truth that is in him;-Mesers Eyre and Spottiswoode, the well-lcnowli printers, of Great New-street, London, E.C., recently arranged a small exhibition of ;pictures of '1Tasmanian scenery, which have been on private view at their premisce for a short period before being despatched to the colony. The col lection consists of 12 canvases, from the brush of Mr W. W. Acock, who has pro duced his work from photographs, not having been able to visit the scenes him self. The painter's work in oils has already been the subject of much favourable com ment in art circles, and certainly his attempts to give a faithful and graphic portrayal of Tasmanian scenery will by no means detract from his reputation." A COMMANDING Officer's parade of the Launceston Artillery will take place in the gun-room, Volunteer Butildings, on Mon day evening. Immediately after parade a meeting of officers and sergeants will be held to consider the advisableness of hold ing Garrison sports. Mm W. OARmuNER, jeweler, of Central St. John- street, writes us under yesterday's date:-" In your notice referring to me in your paper of this morning, will you allow me to correct what would seem on the face of it only a slight mistake-that I gained my colonial experience in New Zealand. My first colonial experience was in South Africa, where I spentsome years; have also had experience in most of the Australian colonies prior to New Zealand." FURTHER partiidelafs regarding the case of H. P. Noyes, who was on Thursday remanded for a week at the City Police Court on a charge of embezzling moneys belonging to his employer, Mr W. A. Webb, stockdealer, of Melbourne, show that the alleged falsification of accounts commenced about November last, The system of operations is said to have consisted of selling stock at certain prices, then render ing account sales to Mr Webb at lower figures, and making entries in the books to correspond. In this way it is eupposed dofalcations were made to the extent of about £1000, and it is also supposed that Noyes converted to his own use some £300 in cash received on Mr Webb's account. His books are now in the hands of a local expert in accounts, but their examination is likely to take a considerable time, as transactions to the amount of about £25,000 have to be gone through. It appears that Noyes was in Mr Webb's employ about twelve months, and was receiving a salary of £3 per week. YESTERDAY the chrysanthemum show, in connection with the Northern Tas- manian Horticultural Society, was brought to a successful close. In the afternoon there was a fairly numerous attendance of visitors, and in the evening the Pavilion was largely patronised. St. Joseph's Band occupied the stand in the City Park and added to the pleasure of the evening by their excellent rendering of well-chosen musical selections. The total amnount of gate money for the two days was £012a 6d; of which £10 1s 6d was taken yesterday. A meeting of the committee was held t.' consider a protest in connection with the award for table, band, and bridal bouquets, but after dieese -ion it was decided not to alter the judges', decision. In the price list published yesterday, in the fruit section, Mr W. Iheymor's name should have appeared as being the winder of the first prize for three plates of dessort pears, instead of Mr A. W. Millar, who took second honours. DURING the last few years increased attention has been paid to fruit growing, especially in the northern part of the island, and we understand that this year a very large number of trees will be put down in various districts, thus showing that the importance of the industry is being recognised. Not only is the British market alneset inexhaustible, but, if ex ported at the proper time, a considerable trade could be done with the ether colonies. In order to supply valuable infor- astion to orchardieto as to heow to remove the various pests and make the orchard a.pay special articlee -" The Orchard, and How be Make it Pay," by E. Hf. Thompson — are being contributed weekly in the Tasmanian, the writer dealing with the subject in a thoroughly practical way, and fruit- growers will be studying their own interests by perusing the articles referred to. In this week's number the writer refers to the fact that at the Fruit Con- ference hold some few menths ago it was urged upon the Gosvernment to establish the office of entoemologist, 00 that growers od eou'd at onces obtain advice as to the nature and treatment of insect peste, and in order to bring the eubject prominently forward Mr Thompson wishes to present to Perlia ment a full and exhaustive report of the whole matter, and he is preparing ques tioes which arc intended to colleet lo formation on the following pointe:-1. The number and description of insect or other blightu P 2. Ths description of various kinds of fruit grown in the colony. particularly with a view of eliciting whether some kinds are more susceptible to the attacks of blights than othsersi? 3. Whether manures of certain descriptions tend to eggravate thes spread of blights. ete.? 4. The results of remedies tried in the extermination of insect and other peoteP These and a few other qauetiono of a like nature will at once enable him to draw up a report upon the whole subject, and which will he valuable if for no other reason than that it will be the means of spreading information amongst growers. The efforts of Flhe 2'sasmaeian to provide valuable articles of this character to its readers will be duly appreciated. This week's issue alaso contains another of these attractive contributions by "The Odd Man Out," in addition to usual interesting matter. THE Masonic Lodge of Perfect Unanimity will hold an emereensy meeting Ibis esouing, ycosmensaieg at 7 30 o'eleck, 2i Dn3sa arnounces he~hns rseumed Tun asnual tea-meeting in ronneulion with St. Andresw's Chureh will take plaus In the suhno~l-reom sn Wednesday, 501h nast. yTHsE Gsrrison Rife Cisb trephy will hs rum or peted fer at the Siles Range this aflernoon, the equa s frnt 1 nad 2 oselook. 1Tsos eighth ordisery general mestieg of '5shaarehelders is the Launceston Omualbes and r- Tramway Compansy swill labs p~l'05 is the Is Ileehanlus' Insittute at 8 p.m. on Wiednesday, ythe 3eohlanst. THn sesuel tea-mestirg in roase0tiss svith yCloslme's Fees Chucub will be held in ths wscihsol-room on Thuradoy evening. eommonulnc at 7 o'sluel. 