IN STEPPED MUFFIN I An Ocean Tragedy. Br W. CLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER XXXII.--(cotfimted.) CONCLUSION. AT last, one morning we found our selves in the English Channel, bowling over.the green ridges of it before a strong south-westerly wind, and within fifty hours of making the Lizard Light the brave little barque Star of Peace was being warped to her berth in the East India Docks. Down to thatvery moment, incredible as it may seem, Lady Monson had given neither her sister nor myself the vaguest hint of what shoeintended to do. As we stood waiting to stop ashore she arrived on deck and approaching Laura, exclaimed : " Mr. hMonson, I presume, will escort onu to a hotel." !' Won'tyou accompany us, Henrietta ?" asister asked. "No, I choose to be independent. I shall go to such and such a hotel," and sire named the house at which she had stopped with Colonel Hope-Kennedy when she arrived in London on her way to Southampton. "You can address me there or call upon me, Laura. I have not yet decided on any steps. In all proba bility I shall return to Melbourne, but not at present." She extended her hand coldly to her sister and gave me a haughty bow. Laura bit her lips to restrain her tears, but her pride was stung; disgust and 4mazement too fell cool upon her grief. The last I ever saw of Lady Monson wats as she passed along the quay towards :he dockyard gates. As she paced for •vard, stately, slow, her carriage queenly and enasyassthough, sumptuously clothed, *nd in the full pride of her beauty she .rod the floor of a hall-room, the scores of ,ailors, labourers, loafers who thronged ,,he decks turned to a marn to stare after ser. A strange and striking figure udeed she made, habited in the dress which she wore when the Shrrk founJored, and which, as you may suppose, by this time showed very much like the end of a long, voyage. The brown veil concealed her features and to a certain degree ,qualified the outlandish appearance of the sailor's grass halit upon her head. "So ! " said. I as sshe disappeared, " and now, Laura, it is for you and moe to go ashore." We badle a cordial farewell to Captain Richardson and his mates, and to Finn and Cuthill, both of whom promised to call upon me. I had the address of the owner of the vessel, and told the skipper that next day I Would coinmmunicate with the office and defray whatever expenses we had put the ship to. I further took the addresses of the captain and his mates that I might send them sense token of my gratitude for our deliverance and for the marny kindnesses they had done us during the ,long and tedious passage. A few hours later I had comfortably lodged Laura in a snug private hotel within an easy walk of asy lodgings, to which I forthwith repaired, and took pos session of afresh with such ass emotion of bewilderment excited in sue by the familiar roaoms, and by the feeling that I was once smore ill London, with no amoro runaway wives to chase, no more Dutclhmen to fire inlto, no more duels to assist in, no more volcanic rocks to split upon, and no more galleons to sleep in, that I felt like a man just awakened fro sonime wild and vivid dreal wlose imllplrcssionls continuo so acute that the familiar objects his eyes open uipon seemt as phantasms that nmust presently fade. My first act was to send a milliner and dressmalker to Laura, and to see in other ways to her immediate requirements ; my nextto address a letter toWilfrid'ssolicitore, in which I acquainted them with the loss of the Bride and the death of my cousin. Whom else to write to at once about the poor fellow I did not know. I asked after his infant, and requested them to tell sme if the child was still with the lady with whons my cousin had placed it before leaving England. I added that I should be pleased to see one of th.lpartners and relate the full story of the voyage, the object of which I could not doubt Wilfrid had informed them of before sailing. I spent the evening with Laura. All our talk was about what she was to do until s?to had heard flrotn her father, to whomi she told sme sile Ihad written a long letter within an hour after her arrival at the htotel, "so is to lose no time, Charles.'* She aind no relations in England, scarcely an acquaintance for the imatter of that; with whom was she to live then ! Even had Lady Monson settled down in a house sihe wais not a person with whom I could have desired the girl I was affisnced to to be long and intimately associated. The notion of her returning to Australin alono was nott to be entertained. There seemed nothing then for it but for lme to overhaul the list of my connections, to make experi ments in the direction of relations, and endetavour to find a hosme for her with one or "another of them until there should some day arrive a mail front Australia giving ilo leave to take her to mny heart. Well, it was next morning that I had finished breakfast and was sitticng musing over a fire with a newspaper on mIy knee. My mind wa full of thie past, I ro 'nember looking around me almost Inerc lulously with eyes that still found tihe Inmiliar furniture of my room unreal and imleed almost impossible, listening with ears.timt could scarcely acceplt as actual tie transformation of thie roar and heat andcl wiah of tihe seas into tile steady lhunt of 'cnaseless traftic in the great Loiudot rtsduway into wliclh the street I occupliedl Olietetl. Years luhl clapsed it seemedl sisco. that night when ny servant hlad ushtered in my cousin, and I satw in fancy tic wild roll of his eyes round tire apart aient, the crazy flourisrh of his Ihands, hiis posture as he sank his head upon the table battling with his sobbing breath. I was disturbed by a smart knock on the door. " Comein i." The landlord entered: a thin, iron-grey, 'soft-voiced man who had for many years been butler in an earl's family, and who had retired and started a lodging-house on discover ing that he had married a woman of genius in the shape of cook. " There's a person below named Muffin would like to see you, sir." I stared at him as if he were mad. "Muffin I " I whispered. "That was the name he gave, sir," he exclaimed, astonished by my amazement. " Muflin I "I repeated, scarce crediting my hearing; "describe him, Mr. Cork." ".A clean, yellow-faced man, sir, hair of a coal-blackness, looks down when he speaks, sir, semns a bit shaky in the ankles; a gentleman's servant, I should say, sir." "Show hint up, Mr. Cork ! " I ex clainld, doubting the description as I had the name, so impossible did it seem that this person could be Wilfrid's valet. In a few moments the door was opened, and in stepped Mrfii.,- I-the Muffin of the Bride. Muffin the ventriloquist, Miuffin the whipped and ducked, and, as I could have solemnly sworn, Muffin the drowned! He stood before me with the old familiar crook of the left knee, hold ing his hat with both hands against his stomach, his ihead drooped, his lips twisted into their famiiliar grin of obsequious apology. His yellow face shone, his hair was as lustrous as the back of a rook; he wore large loose black kid-gloves, and lie was attired in a brand new suit of black cloth. I know nothing in the way of shocks severer for the moment that tells more startingly upon. the whole nervous system than the meeting with a man whoen one has for months and months believed dead. I was un able to speak for a few moments. I shrank back in my chair when lie entered, and inl that posture eyed him whilst lie stood looking downwards, smiling and suggesting in his attitude respectful regret for taking the liberty of intruding. " Well," said 1, fetching a deep breath, "and so you are Muffin indeed, eh? Well, well. Why, man, I could have sworn we left you it corpse floating close to a volcanic island near the equator." " So I suppose, sir I" hlie exclaimed, "but I am thankful to say, air, that I was not drowned." I motioned him to sit ; he put his hat under the chair, crossed his legs, and clasped his hands over his knee. A sudden reaction of feeling, supploemented by his strange appearance, produced a fit of laughter in me. The inmage of his radish-shaped form, half- naked, quivering down the ranks of the seamen, with Cut bill grotesquely apparelled compelling him to keep time, recurred to me. " You seem resolved that I shall believe in ghosts, Muffin," said I; "and pray how casme you to learn that I was saved from the wreck, that I ihad returned to England, was here in these lodgings in short, where I only arrived yesterday ?" " Sir Wilfrid received a letter froim his solicitors this morning, sir, enclosing your letter to them." "Sir Wilfrid!" I shouted, is he alive?" " Oh yes, sir, and very much bettor both inl body and mind, I'm 'appy to say, sir. He would have called upon you him self, sir, but lie's suffering from an attack of gout in his left foot, and has been obliged to keep his bed for two days." I jumped from my chair and fell to pacing the room to work off by locomotion something of the amazement that threat enod to addle my brains. " Wilfrid alive I" I muttered. "What will Laura say to all this ? Muffin," I cried, rounding upon him, "what you are telling me is a miiracle ! a thin, beyond all credibility. Whly, we saw tme yacht go to pieces I nearly the whole mass of her in fragments came ashore, along with four or five dead bodies. How in heaven's name did Sir Wilfrid escapeo? " He responded by telling me the story. Johnson, the man who lhad died upon tile island, was perfectly right in saying that lie believed a number of men had rushed to one of the boats shortly after the yacht had struck. I mnyself, remember being felled by a gang of people flying aft in the blackness. Muffin was one of them. The white water over the side en abled them to see what they were about. The boat, a noble structure, of a lifeboat's quality of buoyancy, was successfully lowered, seven men got into her, one of whom was Mutlin. The yacht was then fast breaking up. The men, to escape being pounded to pieces by the battering rams of the wreckage hurled on every curl of sea, headed out from the island straining their hearts at the oars; but they were again and again beaten back. There were but five oars, and Muffin and one of the seanmen lhaving nothing to do, sat crouching in the stern sheets. Sud denly a figure showed close alongside crying loudly for help, Muffin grasped hibm by the air of his bead, the othcr fellow leaned over, and between thelm they dragged the man in. It was my cousin ! By dint of sustained and and plying of oars, they drew the boat clear of the wreckage, bringing the white line of the thunderos surf eo the island beach upon their quarter; they then gave the stetn of the little fiabricito the wind and seas and flied forwards like smoke, and w-len thIe dawn broke they were miles out of silght of tlhe rock. A day iand a night of dead enlii followed; they were witlh out food or water, aind their ontloik was lhorrible; but at sunrise on thIe thiln dlay tlhey spied the gleram of a asil towaIrds which thLey rowed, and before the dark iress fell they were safely on board a largeo E1nglish brig hoirusd to Bristol. Such was Mliflin's story. Hl said that Sit Wilfrid, on being told it was Muflin who had rescued himi promised to take him back into his service on reaching England, He added tlht mny cousil land entirely lost the craze that had possessed him concerning his bulk and stature. The yacht on going to pieces had libe rated him, and with his sudden and startling enlargement his mad fancy entirely passed away.' So that poor old Jacob Crinmp came very near the truth when he had suggested to me that my cousin's senses might be recovered by a great fright. Muffin asked me the names of the others who were saved. I told him who they were. "And AMr. Cutbill wasn't drowned, sir?" said he. " No," I replied. "And Captain Finn is saved too. I'm so glad, sir." But the rogue gave me a look that clearly signified lie was very sorry indeed. An hour later I was sitting by my cousin's bedside. He was stopping at an hotel near Charing Cross. I will say nothing of the warmth of our meeting. The tears were in my eyes as I grasped and retained his hand. He was perfectly rational, had a more sensible look in his face than I had ever witnessed in it, and his memory was as clear as my own. It seemed to me that the shock of ship wreck had worked wonders in him, though, to be sure, strong traces of con genital weakness were still visible in the quivering eyelids, the occasional irrele vant loud laugh, the boyish eagerness of manner, with now and again the passing shadow of a darkening humour. For a long time we seemed able to talk of nothing but the wreck of the Bride and of our several experiences. I very deli cately and vaguely referred to the delu sion that had imnprisoned him in his cabin, but his stare of surprise advised me that he had no recollection whatever of his craze. and it was like a warning to me to instantly quit the subject. He told me that Muffin had behaved with a touch ing devotion to him whilst they were in I the boat, pillowing his head when he sloept, cooling his hot brow with water, sheltering himi from tile heat of the suni by standing behind him with his jacket outstretched to the nature of a little awning. ie asked tenderly after Laura, and made many inquiries after the men who had been saved, bidding me tell Finn, should lie visit me, to call upon him that he might obtain the names and addresses of the survivors and enable them to replace the effects they had lost by tile foundering of the yacht. "You do not ask after your wife, Wilfrid," said I, a little nervously. "1Oh, you told me sheo was saved," he answered languidly; then, after a pause, I lie added, " Where is she ?" "She refused to accompany her sister," said I; "she loves independence. She has gone alone to such and such a hotel, where, I presume, she is still to be found." His face flushed to the name of that a hotel ; he instantly remembered. He bent his eyes downwards, and said, as if to himself, " Yes, she is of those who return to their bonnet." " What are your plans ?" said I. " As regards Lady Monson, do you mean 1" " Well, she is still your wife, and what I concerns her concerns you, I suppose, mnore or less." " 1 shall not meddle with her,!' said.he making a horrible grimnace to an involun tary twitch of his gouty foot; " she can do what she pleases." "S' he talks of returning to Australia." I "Let her go," said he. " And this, thought I, is thoe issue of your wild pursuit of her I Had lie but waited a few months, disgust and aversion .would have grown strong in him. He would have been guiltless of shedding the blood of a fellow-creature-he would have preserved .his noble yacht-but then, to l be sure, I should probably never have I met Laura ! His eye was upon me while I mused a little in silence. "My solicitors advise proceedings in 1 the Divorce Couut," said he, "but I say no. I certainly should never try my hand i at marriage again, and therefore a divorce would serve no end of my own. But it might answer her purpose very well in deed; it would free her, and I do not intend that she shall have her liberty." "You will have to maintain her." "01h, my solicitors will see to that," lie answered with a curious smile. ' "Wilf," said 1, "she may fall very low, sand then, when nobody els will have anything more to dowitl her, she. will return to you as your lawful wife, and pliay the devil with your 'peace and , good name." " I am not going to free her," said lihe snappishly. "Do you mean to make any stay in London 7 " siid I. "''I um waiting till the- gout leaves me," he answered, " and shall then go abroad. .I have been recomsmended to do so. It is pretty sure to come to the ears of Colonel iope-Kennedy's friends that I shot hinm I in ia duel. He was a widower and child less, but lie has a sister, a Lady Guthrie, who adored the ground lie trod on, and thought hinl the noblest creature in the universe. My solicitors advise me not to wait until I am charged with the fellow's death, and so I amsi going abroad." "Humph," said 1 ; "and how am I to be dealt with, as an accessory? " "Pools l " hlie oxclanimed, "one never hears of seconds being chlarged." "You will take braby wvithl you, I presumse ?" He answered no. During hIis absence a cousin of hIis had lost her hlusbanld, a colonel in India. She liad arrived ina Englahrd with two grown-up daughters, and was so poor that she had asked Wilfrid to help liher. He had arranged that she and tlhe girls should occupy hIis seat in the North and take charge of Ihis child. This in fact had bcen settled, and Mrs. Covnway and her daughlters were now installed at Shlerburne Abbey. On hoear ing thlis it instantly suggested itself to rie thalt Mrs. Convway would lirovide Laurra with tile very home tlhait she needed until we heard frorm MIr. Jcnnings. Wilfrid of course acquiesced ; lie was delighted ; lhe loved Laura as a sister, and hIis little oner would be doubly guarded whilst she was with it. So here was a prompt and happy I end to what nhadl really thlreatened to prove a source of perplexity, and indeed in solsor senses a real dilliculty. 1 Anid nrow to end this narrative. A fort night later Wllfrid wont abroad to travel, as lie said, in Italy and tile southl of France, randr with hims proceeded Mr. Muflin. During that fortnight Laura arnd I were frequently with himn, but it was only on the day pIrevious to hIis departure that lihe mentioned hIis wife's name. In a careless I voico and off-hand manner hie asked if we had heard of her, but neither of us could give himi any news. We had niot chosen to learn by calling if she continued at tile hotel to which she ha1d gorse on her ar rival. She hlad nst written to her sister, nior Ihadl shoe cosnllniuiicated with Wilfrid's solicitors. However, about a fortnight after I hind roturnlcd to Londoln fromn thie north, whither I had escorted Laura, thero cname a letter to my lodgings adh d'esaaRd to rasy aweethCart. I uIIeaoCd the handwriting to be Lady Monson's. I for warded it to Laura, who returned it to me. It was a cold intimation of her ladyship's intention to sail in such and such a vessel to Melbourno on the Monday fol. lowing, so that when I read the missive she had been four days on her way. For my part I was heartily glad to know that she was out of England. Soon after my arrival I sent a descrip tion of the volcanic island and the galleon on top of it to a naval publication of the period. It was widely reprinted and ex cited much attention and brought me many letters. But for that article I believe I should have heard no more of Dowling and Head. It chanced, however, that my account of the island was repub lished in a West Indian journal, and I think it was about five months after my return to this country that I received a letter from the master of a vessel dated at the Havannas and addressed to me at the office of the journal in which my nar rative had been published. This man, it seems, having sighted the rock about three weeks after we had got away from it in the star of Peace, hauled in close to have a good look at an unchartered spot that was full of the deadliest mpnace to vessels, and observed signals being made to him from what he was afterwards in formed was the hull of a fossilised ship. He sent a boat and brought off two men, who, it is needless to say, were Dowling and Head. They very frankly related their story, told the master of the vessel how they were survivors of the schooner yacht Bride, and how they had declined to leave the island because of their expec tation of meeting with treasure aboard tlhat strange old ship of weeds and shells. Day after day they had toiled in her, but to no purpose. They broke into the piles of shells, but found nothing save rottenness within, remains of what might have been cargo, but of a character utterly indis tinguishabloe. There was not a ha'porth of money or treasure, so there was an end of the poor follows' princely dreams. They were received on board and worked their passage to Rio, where they left the ship, which then proceeded to the Hovannuas. There can be little doubt that shortly after this the volcanic rock subsided and vanished off the surface of the sea, after the usual manner of theso'desperato crea tions. The editor of the naval journal received several copies of logs kept by ships which had traversed the part of the ocean where the island had sprung up, and it was gathered after a careful Com parison of these memoranda that the rock must have disappeared very shortly after )owling asnd Head had been taken off it, for the log-book of a vessel named thle lifarthe Robinson showed that three days later she had passed over the exact spot where the island had stood and all was clear sea. My time of waiting for the hand of Laura was not to prove so long as I had feared. Very unexpectedly one morning I received a letter from my darling from the Abbey. Her father had arrived on the preceding day. She could scarcely believe her ears when a servant cames to tell her that Mr. Jennings had called and was waiting to see her. Of course he had not received her letter. He had taken it into his head to visit England, both his daughters being there, mainly with the intention of taking Laura back with himn when lihe returned. He was almost broken hearted, so Laura wrote, when she told him about Lady Monson. However, he was in England, and after waiting a few days so as to give himn tmie to recover the dreadful shock caused him by the news of his dauglhter's behaviour, I went down to Westnmoreland, was introduced to the old gentleman, and found himn a bluff, hearty, plain-spoken man. He told me lie could settle twenty thousand pounds upon his child, and seesied very well satisfied to hear that I was not without a pretty little income of my own. He ap. lirocllhed the subject of insanity with a bluntness that somewlhat disconcerted me. I assured him that so far as I could pos sibly imagine I was not inad, that my cousin's craziness came from a source which did not concern ime in the least degree. Ho was pleased afterwards to tell Laura that lie could see by my eye that imy intellect was as sound as a bell; nim observation upon which I thought I lad somle right to compliment mlyself, for to be suspected of being " wanting " is often to involuntarily and unconsciously look so, and I mlust say that whilst Mr. Jennings and I talked about Wilfrid's craziness and where it caume front, he re garded me with a keenness that was at tilimes inot a little emlbarrassing. Laura anid I had been married two years when we heard of Lady Monson. Mr. Jennings had returned to Australia, but in one or two letters we Ihad received from hiims he never imentioned Henrietta's naiue. Then came a mnissive in deep mnourning. Lady Monson was dead. Sithe had been received into the Roman Catholic Church, so wrote the father in a letter whose every sentence seeumed as though lie wrote withl a pen dipped in his tears. She had, apparently, given up all thoughts of this world and devoted her ldays and nights to ministering to the poor. One dlay sllo returned to her home looking ill; two nights later she was delirious. Sihe broke from tile grasp of her attenudaunts smld nmrchecd with stately step,, singing in her rich contralto voice as sele went to an upper chamibier that lhad been Laura's bedrooml, wlhere, planting herself before a imirror alse fell to brushing her rich aind boanutiful haiir, singing all the while till oui i studden salle fell with a shriek to the ground, was carried back to her bed, and two hours later ilay a corpse. T| EtNDu, 