News in Brief. From our latest English files to hand we toko the following interesting items : The Princess of Wales, when recently visiting Newstead Abbey, humorously expressed a desire to see tho ghost which is supposed to have disturbed Byron. While passing through a room the Princess is said to have thrust her parasol into a^ dark-curtained alcove, ovv'iB »' we sumo wiiiu, x-uc a wane to see his ghost.' The point of the paratol orme in contact with a servant maid, who had concealed herself to get an undisturbed peep at royalty. Think ing she had discovered the ^ ghost the Princess is said to have sank sorearning into the arms of the Prince, while the domestic, throwing herself before the Princess, piteously begged for her pardon. An offering from the women of Belgium for their Queen, to commemo rate the 25th auniversary of lior' Vma VmndV c»oooosion, and limited to contri butions in bronze, amounts to £7000. The Queen will devote it in aiding working men who are injured in the course of their labor. The Kaiser is anxious to be regarded as the father of his people. He has asked for a plan of the house in Berlin in which two young ladies and two do mestics were burned to death, in order to see whether tho firemen could not have entered the building to try and save them. By the sinking of a barge laden with gas-lime near Broxbourne, the rivers Stert and Lea were poisoned, causing the death of thousands of fish. A mill was completely choked by the massing of large quantities of dead fish, tons of which have been used up for manure. A seal has been shot in. the river Clyde. A peasant woman of Brittany had five children at a birth, all of whom are alive. A Welshman and an Irishman were drinking in a public house at Connah's Quay, Flintshire, when the former sold his wife to the latter for Is 9d. The wife, hearing the transaction, slipped out, either in disapproval of the sale, or in order to give her hus band the opportunity of netting the money. In Illinois, a daughter, after marry ing without her father's consent, went home to ask his forgiveness. The enraged father shot his daughter dead, and then committed suicide. The husband entering at that moment was so horrified that he became in sane. A Japanese paper speaks of a native at Bizon, aged 40, who. has married and divorced 35 wives, and is now married to the 36th. A young man who was to have been iiarrieel at Leeds, has been sentenced to two months' hard labor for stealing the wedding ring from the would-be bride, which she purchased in readi ness for the ceremony. After obtain ing possession of the ring he disap peared. a. gin vi iu years oi **gt-- ?* pro fessional swimmer, was taken to London Bridge by her parents, and from it she was about to dive to advertise herself, when they were arrested. The magistrate, in binding the parents over to keep the peace, said it was incredible that a ? father and mother were so ready to risk the life of their child. Insurance policies are now issued against loss by theft or robbery, with or without violence or burglary. London and Manchester are now connected by telephone. Some natu ralists assembled in both cities and interchanged views by telephone con cerning the growth of plant life in large towns. Music at a London theatre was heard most distinctly in Manchester. The Queen, by deputy, stood god mothor to the son of a Maori chief, and selected tho name of Albert Vic tor. Her Majesty's godson is now working as a common sailor. What appeared to be a case of klep tomania was partly investigated at Bromley. A lady was charged with stealing a coil of telegraph wire which she saw by the roadside, and prevailed upon some one to place in her carri age, and with which she drove off. . ? A woman at Sherbome died in a fit after being stung by a wasp. ' A young girl, said to have been the victim of over-pressure at a Glaph'am Board school, while walking in her sleep upset a spirit lamp and was burned to death. At an auction sale in London a choice specimen of tea fetched the as tonishingly high price of 30s 6d per pound While excavating near Ilkeston, a workman came upon a clay urn con taining hundreds of coins, the dates showing that they must havo been buried about 800 years. v The New Tower-bridge, now in course of construction across the Thames, will be 2640ft. About 80,000 tons of stone have already been used in the construction of two piers. In the entire construction, in addition to stone, concrete, andiron, 31,000,000 bricks will be used. At a, conference of Women's Liberal -Aaoooiations Hold in Nottingham, a resolution was carried in favor of the opening of museums on Sunday, dur ing the hours that public-houses are open. Ninety public sanitary inspectors visited the Crematorium at Woking. The carcase of a sheep was cremated to show the working of the system. It takes an hour to rsduce an adult human body to ashes, which would measuro from half to three parts of a gallon. Cremations are on the in crease. An art student, who has entered South Kensington,' having lost both hands by an accident, set himself to overcome the difficulty, and can now draw and paint, holding the pencil and brush in his mouth. At Devizes there is an art student who, having lost both hands^ paints either by holding the brush in his mouth. or between his toes. A working bricklayer in London has received a legacy of £200,000 left by a brother. He has handed £30,000 to each of his five children, one of whom was working as a carman at Chelmsford. ' A female miser died in Paris, and her friends cast lots for her furniture. A statuette fell to her daughter, and she was about to dash it to the ground in I vexation when bank Dotes and securities, valued at £2000, rolled out from the interior. 