THE DEDICATION OF STpT^F. CHURCH. r/luJ-S SERMON BY THE BISHOP OP MELBOURNE. Last evening the ceremony of dedieatin" St. Paul's Church in Myers'-street was pcr° formed by lu3 Lordship the Rev. Dr. Fiolcl Flowers Goe, Bishop o£ Melbourne, in the presence of a large congregation. The bishop, who was attended by the Revs. J. Garlick' J. M'T. .Evans, R. Buchanan and S. b! Scott, and Messrs. Gould, Kilsby and Woodi, readers, was met at the door of the church by the Ven. the Archdeacon M'Cullagh and the officers of the church, including Messrs. J. W. Faul (hon. secretary), W. Powell (hoiu'treasurer), J. Robshaw, R. William son, .V. Harrison, EL Jackson, A. Roberts juni\, Durham, and J. R. Hoskins, guardians' and Messrs. A. Bush, Curwardine, ] || Grattan and Budds, trustees. The hon. secretary (Mr. Faul) read tlm petition asking for the dedication of the churcH, and handed the document to tlm Bishop. A procession was then formed, and marched up the aisle,headed by the trustees, then the guardians, followed by the readers and clergymen, the bishop bringing up the rear. ' The 24th Psalm was sung as the pro cession moved along. On arrival at the top of the aisle the officers seated themselves in the front pews, and the members of the clergy took up their respective positions around the Holy table, on which were placed the petition and deeds of the church. The bishop having briefly address the congre gation, offered up a prayer, appropriate to the', occasion. Then, all the congregation standing up, the Rev. J. Garlick read the Sentence of Consecration, which was signed by the bisbop and by him, handed to the Yen. the Archdeacon, with directions tlmt, together with the petition and deeds, it should be duly recorded and regis tered in the Diocesian Registry. In the:name of the Father, Sou, mid Holy Ghost, he then formally declared the church to be consecrated, and set apart to God for ever. Then followed the usual evening service, the prayers being Yead by the Yen. the Archdeacon and the Rev. .1. M'T. Evatis; the first and second Scripture lessons being read by the Revs. R. Buchanan and S. B. Scott respectively. His Lordship then preaqhed an excellent sermon, basing his remarks on the words contained in St. John, the 1st chapter, 51st verse—"Yerily, verily, I say unto you, heraafter ye shall see heaven open and the angels of God ascending and descending upon the Son of Man." Tho preacher commenced by remarking that it was a great honor for any person to intro duce a man to our Lord and Master. This was the experience of Philip, who asked Nathaniel to come and see the Lord, but: Nathaniel replied "'Can any good come out of Nazarath," and Philip's advice to him was to " Come and see for himself,' know ing full well that as soon as Nathanial held converse with the Lord, all doubts would be dispelled from his mind. Philip's action was one which, he considered, might with great advantage be copied to-day. There were many members of the church who could do much good by asking their friends ,and associates to " come and see " for them . selves. The words of the text contained one of the most delightful and instructive lessons taught by Phillip. And because Christ told "Nathaniel something that had happened, in the earlier part of that day Nathunial ex claimed in joy and amazement—" Thou arc the Son of God; thou art the Kin;,' of Israel." Jesus then answered him in the wonls of iho I text, " Verily, verily I say unto yoi), liere J after ye shall see the heaven open, and the angels of God ascending and descending." This declaration evidently was intended tore mind those who heard it of the experience Jacob had (as set forth in the 28th chapter j of Genesis) when lie laid down in the wilder ness with a stone for his pillow, and dreamt that he saw a ladder reaching from earth Vo heaven on which angels were both ascending and . descending. Moreover, the lvnidtr i symbolized the incarnation and crueiticticn of Jesus Christ, the mediator between (!od and man. Referring more particularly to the service'that evening, His Lordship pointed: out that the church had by reason of its hav ing for years been used for religious purposes ; been consecrated to the service of God, and the ceremony which they had that eveniug witnessed was only a legal form which under the nets of their church assembly they had' 0 conform to in order to constitute the' a ;l legal parish. The result of that craf llumy ; was that instead of, as in the y ist> t[1Q appointment of an incumbent beni/" soieiy ;n the hands of a bishop, the. or .;f,;ntments would be made by a comnv'lCto^ , 0*f s;x <,entle j men—three appointed oy *jie assembly to i represent the diocese a.t lar „c anc] the other three nominated "bj thf , 0COT"re«atioii to watch their intere^, » vith th° gjs]lop at their head. He vwapKe/ iSea 0n the minds of his hearers thus, aM> our,[r tileir church had been, formally qpbis/ crated, it was only by their, fervent) proy ers iUK| divine assistance that they eouM ' a0p0 to go on and prosper. He hopeA tltafc r jach mem\jer of the emigre gutioa. woiuu realise their responsibilities and tTiafc tnf ir eac.}j and every heart would be as .a tx-uir consecrated to God's service. In coxtolw j011) ]1C referred with pleasure to the nubV . 0f}'0rts that had been made in the past tc / clear 0H' the debt so as to allow tlio ccnsia' nation to take place, and he expressed ™e*.iope that whoever might be their ineiim *>u'.ifc they would work together in peace and F armony, and use their best endeavors to try to gefc others to " come and see " that ' some good could come out of Nazareth. At the conclusion of the service the pro cession was re-formed and headed by Messrs. Fasti .and Powell, the rear being brought up by his Lord the Bishop and the Rev. J. Garlick, who throughout the evening acted ih the capacity of Bishop's Chaplain, marched down the aisle oat of the church and into parsonage. While the procession was moving along the aisle, the " Hallelujah Chorus ' was rendered on the organ in fine style by the church organist Mr. Perkins. Appro priate hymns were sung by the choir, Miss Warne, as usual, leading during the service. An apology for his unavoidable absence •ivas received from the Rot. Mr. Frewin, »£ Kangaroo Flat; and the 5fcev. II. J. Michell, of White Hills, was precluded from being present on account of indisposition. 