Mary Hall, the first woman lawyer in Con necticut, United States. i, ab ut fur:y, though we doubt about her cutlesoiog to It, as she s a single lady. There was an unsuccessful attempt recent ly to b.ow up with dynamite at.e famous monastely in France where the mouks manufacturechattreuse. But teure would be just as much chartreuse in tie Anustalan market as ever, had the attempt suce eeced. Lots of it never saw a monk, tough it is in dustriously monkied with. He had danced with her twice in Toorak, last year. He: "You don't reco!lect tme; I thought I had succeeded in impressing you with my personaiity." Fair Innocent: " That I'm sure you never did. 2Nooneever kissed me but pa and ma:" The elephant has more muscles in its trunk than any other creature posstsses in its entire body, their number being no less tban 40,000 ! while the whole of a man's mao,. s only number 527. 'Ihe pruobusisor trunk of the elephant, which contains this vast quau. tity of small muscles, variously interlaced, is extremely flexible, endowed with the most exquisite sensibility and the utmost diversity of motion. One evening, in the principal gold-mining camp in the Transvaal, nine or ten years ago, a man partially intoxicated, and supposed to be actuated, by jealousy attempted suicide, but was prevented, and handedt over to the sheriff to be kept in safe custody for the nightand to be tried before the Acting Gold Commissioner,. a shrewd and solemn Scott, the next .morning. There being no law against suicide, it was decided to bring a charge of drunkenness auddisorderly conduct against him. To this the prisoner pleaded guilty; wherenpon the Acting Gold Com missioner, without a ghost of a smile, de livered the following extraordinary judg ment-" Mr. Bland, I shall fine ye twa pounds for your drunkenness; but I'll just gie ye to understand that I ken vera weel what ye attempted to dae, and, had ye suc ceeded in your attempt, your poonishment would have been vera much more severe than it is I" e--" Will you be mine I" She, curtly-" No." He-" May I be yoursl" She, graciously-" Yes I" The saddest thing in life is the spectacle afforded by a young person who has burned all her hair off her forehead with a ahot pair of curling tongs, and cannot afford to buy a row of curls. One of the latest and most successful 'musical inventions is the " Jlelotrope," a. mochanacal piano player. It can be affixed to any piano, and by turning a 'crank the proper notes are struck, and a complete piece produced. Why not carry. invention a step further and produce a "practicoscope," which could be aflixedt to the girl who bangs the " forte". next doomr so that by simply reaching out and pressing an electric button she could be struck every time she took her foot, off thet'oft pedal. Ono good turn deservea another, and it . invery evident from the celebration that,0 the British workmen have not forgotten the'practical assistance extended by their Australian brethren, and although them selves are just recovering from the effects of an extended strike are foret~pot q i. troffering their aid, 