&Dr; eê^înicp ülonung fàtvalu MONDAT, FEBRUARY 3, 189ft. I It ia reported that the Dake of Cambridge will resign tho post of Comnwrntlor^in-Ohief of the British army, and that he will be succeeded hy the Duke of Connaught. TriE Bank of England is «aid to bo printing one pound notes, It ia rumoured that two million pound« in gold will rcaob. England from Kew York shortly. TriE London wool market ia firm, and prices bio unchanged. Skvsrai. arrest* are Toported to havo boon made in connection with the bank failure in Kew York. Tite Sultan of Turkey is being pressed by Russia and France to insist upon the evacuation of Egypt by Groat Britain. It is recommended by Canada that England should adopt a discriminating tariff, and that boo should favour the, produce of hor oolonies, The death is announced of Mr. Justice Manisty. It is bolieved that Sir. Bradlaugh and Sir George Campbell mil bo members of iho Select Committee of the House of Commons which will inquire into the Western Australian Enabling Bill. The Bn.1. will probably include provision enabling tho local Legislature to extend its power o£ control over tho lands of tho colony without neces- sitating another appeal to the Imperial Parliament It is eHimatod that tho Larga Bay harbour scheme, South Australia, will cost £1,000,000. The tenth day of nicotine of the Wesleyan Con- ference wa9 on Saturday. It was resolved that it would tend greatly to tho building up of tho spiritual interests of tho Church if the practice wore roätorod of holding frequent eocioty meetings, and .lovofoasts, or meetings for united followship and testimony of all the members of the Church, and likewise if leader*' meetings were revived and regu- larly held in all circuits. Sm Charles Dilke's book on Australia is favourably noticed by the London press. At a largo moating of union and non-union bakers held at the Temperance Hall on Saturday evening, a resolution was passed in favour of at once adopting the eight-hour system. Ok Saturday morning an address was presented to Mr. P. ilooltahon, in appreciation of his ser- vices a« tho representativo of Fitzoy Word in the City Council for tho past six yoara. Tue Boya' Farm Home at Camden was opened on Saturday by tho Minister for Public Instruction. The land and houso are the gift of Mr. Paling, who has also promised an endowment of £100 for the first five years towards the maintenance of the institution. The Jubilee fîtes in Auckland were brought to a dote on Saturday. The Kow Zealand customs returns for the past 10 months show a deficit on the Treasurer's esti- mate of £58,000. The Thames oarsmen have signed a memorial to Searle. A hasd-ba« containing £175 was stolen from the City of Melbourne Bank on Saturday. The money was in charge of Mr. J. Gibb, clerk to St Paul's Cathedral authorities. The moil coach from Bega capsized in Bem booka River oa Saturday morning. The driver is missing, and the herses ate drowned. A boy who was a passenger was saved. Messes, Clarke and Garvan addressed their con- stituents at Candelo on Saturday. Mr. Garvan referred principally to flnanoial matters. Both speakers contended that the fiscal question muBt be fought out during the coming session. At tho annual meeting of the Wagga branch of tbe Amalgamated Shearers* Union, the report showed the number of union sheds to date to be 521, an increase daring the year of 150. Strike expenses for the year amounted to £812 10s. Thi match for the sculling championship of Kew Zealand has been postponed until to-day. A sittino of the Wagga Land Board was held on Saturday. A large number of cases were dealt with. At a large meeting held at Parkes, the oon Btruotiou of the proposed railway fioin Molong to Forbes, via Parkes, was advocated. It was con- tended that the delay in constructing the railway was ruinous, crippling the resources and retatding the progress of the district ; sod stress was also laid upon the foot that selectors had no means of getting their produce to market James Daxto.k, a woll known resident of Kew castle, has been drowned in the harbour there. A betueu prepared by the chief inspector of stock shows that, as compared with the previous year, I there was on the 1st January last an increase of I stock in the colony. The increase in horses was 18,999, in cattle 105,055, and sheep 2,809,768. The Bishop of Wellington declines to oenfirm the election of Arohdsacon Julius to tile See of Christchurch. An organisation has been formed in Paris, our correspondent states, for tbe erection of workmen's dwellings. The society provides food and supplies of all kinds, at cost price, for tenants desiring these accommodations: a dispensary, modical visits, a mater-asylum, a hospital for the sick, and an asylum for old lodgers, A heavy gale is reported from the Queensland coast Near Mackay it was blowing a hurri- cane. The steamer Bulimba had a bad time of it there. The periodical meetings of financial companies during the past month have, on the whole, disolosed very satisfactory results. The total amount of dividends declared amounted to about £257,000. The banks have maintained the usual rate of dividend. Tbe Castoras revenue received on Saturday amounted to £5526. Ik the stock and share markets on Saturday business was quiet At a meeting of the Fruitgrowers,'Union of Kew South Wales at Parramatta on Saturday, the market I committee's report, urging that vigorous step« should bo takon to scours tho site in Georpe-streot Wost for the now fruit markets, and to counteract the agitation in favour of a position at Belmore markets, was adopted. Tire banking roturas for tho quarter havo boon published. Tho gnnoral result in an increase of £1,120,050 in tho avorago of tbo deposits, a decroaso of £59,071 in tho averages of coin and bullion, and an inoreaso of £55,881 in,tho ad. vanees. Tho not« circulation shows an increase of £109,587. The shipping arrivals on Saturday woro-The Atalanta, from Loudon, and tho King Maloora, from Livorpool, willi goneral cargoes, valued at £55,200 and £34,800 rospoolivoly. Yesterday th« Car-money arrivod from Hamburg. In a very spocial Bonso this is an Australasian week. Delegates from every colony of the group will assomble ia Mel- bourne to disouBS whether it is or ia not possible to uni to these colonies under one common Government ; and if they decide in the affirmative, that will be the begin I ning of federation. All tlio constructivo ! work will remain to be done, but the ' decision to do it will be a substantial be- ginning. It has been said that the beginning of federation took place several years ago in Sydney when a gathering of Cabinet Ministers, which, chose to dub itself a Con- vention, framed the Fedoral Council Dill. But that was not the beginning, because it was a false start. The Conference had no Parliamentary authority behind it, nnd went beyond its province in framing a bill. This bill was submitted to the several Legislatures for acceptance or rejection, but no* for amendment, and the Assembly in thin colony refused to deal with a measura which it was not at liberty to discuss in committee with a view to amendment. The Legislature of South Australia also bung back for a long tim», hat was at length persuaded to enter the Council, although it did bo with tb'e limi- tation that its adherence was to be for a ebort term only. This experiment has not proved very satisfactory, because the Legislative Council of that colony baa refused to extend the term, and unless this deoision can be reversed, South Australia will disappear from the Council by efiluxion of time. Until South Australia joined, there were no two conterminous colonies in the Council, but only the three detached colonies of Tasmania, Victoria, and Queensland. If South Australia should again drop out, the same state of things will be restored, and it is obvious that three colonies whose boundaries do cot touch, cannot make a practically useful federal union. Apart from the constitutional defect in its origin, the Federal Council was not competent by its structure to do more than consult, recommend bills for adoption, or pass bills on subjects outside the jurisdiction of the separate colonies. Practically, therefore, the work done has amounted to little or nothing. Under the circumstances there was no real scope for legislation. But it might have been thought that more would have come out in the way of discussion. The Föderal Council was adapted to be a consultative body, and if it had possessed any real vitality or power of usefulness, it could in the course of Uve years have given some proof of its capacity. Yet practically it has done nothing. It lias not brought the colonies together in any respect ; it has not diminished their differences ; it bas not done one single thing to prepare the way for federation. Its members bave stood upon their dignity, they bave been enthusiastic upon the value of their constituted idol, they have called upon New South Wales to join them, yet they have never from first to last shown that the Council can practically do any good. The argument has often been used that the Federal Council is a germ which will gradually grow into something greater and better ; but the germ has remained as un- developed as the ».'rains of wheat wrapped up with an Egyptian mummy. Thero has not been a trace of poything like evolution or expansion, except so far as a proposal for increasing the numbers of the Council and altering the proportion of ita members is concerned ; and even that proposal has led to more dis- sension than assent. The fact ia that ex- perience has now shown that when the Federal Council waa formed the time was nut ripe for a real federation, and that any- thing short of that was not practically useful. Such as it is, the Federal Council is now a hindrance rather than a help. If it had never existed, or if its originators would agree to put it out of the way, the course Would be much more clear than it is. It was the Federal Council that blocked Sir Heney Pabkes's proposal for a conven- tion authorised by Parliament to be held at onoe, and bo could only get even at a conference by agreeing to meet the members of the Council, not as such, but as representative men. There is so little to be done by tho Coun- cil that it ia not to meet at all this year, but still the majority of the Conference will be members of that Council, and they are not likely to forget it, eo that the ghost of the Council will be present at all these sittings. Thero will naturally, therefore, be a temptation for many persons to propose that all that can be done und ought to be done at present is to try to make tho use- less Federal Council useful, and to transmute a blunder into a success, and this prepossession ia a distinct hin- drance in the way of a free and fresh discussion. What Sir Hendy Pabkbs proposes is really that the colonies should make a fresh start ; but he will have to meet with colleagues who, though they have been merely marking time all these five years, will want to make believe that they have been marching all the time, and will call upon_him to catch them up and put himself in line -with them. It is one of the inconveni- ences of moving before the time is ready, that something ia done which becomes an obstacle when the time is ready. It ia not quite certain yet that the time is ripe for federation, and that is really the point which has to be discussed in the coming Conference. ' But it 1b quite certain that the time was not ripe five years ago, and it is a misfortune to the oause of Australian union that the gentlemen who assembled then were precipitate. Notwithstanding natural prepossessions, howover, the leading politicians of the several colonies are all capablo of learning by experience. They all admit that tho l'ederal Council has not boon tho success they anticipated, and English politicians i who havo concernod themsolvos in tho matter admit tho samo thing. It is uselesB to ignoro this fact, and it would bo folly to base further proceedings on tho assump- tion that a failure had boon a success. Lato cablegrams show that the silvor currouoy continues to excito considerable discussion in tho United States, and wo find from recent mail news that monetary ques- tions in England aro also the subject of a good deal of controversy. In both couBtriea tho existing currency arrangements aro in- adequate to commercial requirements. Honce tho agitation which provaiIs, and which must sooner or later result in changes that will almost necessarily affect us in some dopreo as producors of silver and gold, or in our commercial oxclmngos. Tho questions involved aro of worldwide interest. As v, o have already pointed out, the dis- cussion in the United StatoB relates to tho inorooso of silver coinage.' The enlarged circulation throughout the country fur- nished the silver party with tho necessary excuso for again demanding the free coinage o£ dollars. A Uatioual Silver Convention, held at St. Louis, urged Con- gress to open all the Miats to the un- restricted coinage of stand« d silvor dol- lars of the present weight;»nd fineness to bo legal payment for all debts equally with gold. But Présidant Harrison views with disfavour thej creation of an unlimited amount of j silver coinage. Fuller particulars than tour late cable- gram supplied show that Mr. Windom, Secretary of the Treasury, " suggests as a mensuro to romedy the difficulties the issue of Treasury notes agúnst deposita of silver bullion at the ¡'market price of Rilver at the time when ¿»posited, payable on demand in such quwtities of silver bullion as will equal in \tlue at the date of presentation the number of dollars expressed on the face of tho notes at the market price of silver, or in gold at Government option, or jin silver dollars at the holder's option.'! The Pkksldent thinks this propoBÜ worthy of " careful consideration.' But it soems to bo adversely criticise! by loading Eng- lish financial authorities Tho Economist, indeed, admits the proposal is good in so far as it would reliive tho Treasury from the expenso ofjioiuing the metal, and because it would ¡faep the silver in a form wliioh makes it (amilable for export if necebsary. But ,vith other autho- rities it appears ' to think that the issue of , ««ck certificates on variable markot -nines would throw the whole currency kio confusion. Tho man who received a Tieasury note for £250 on the deposit of sar lOOOoz. of silver, would, on asking to rtieem his note, only get-900oz. iu the evert of a rise of 10 per cent, in price, whore« ho might demand llOOoz. in the case of a fall. The Govern- ment would appareilly lose by a Bchetne which bullion douleis could work to their own advantage. A provision to suspend the issue of the depost certificates, it is thought, would not se«'; the viewB of the bil ver men. Or if it were accepted it would be only because of the conviction that by political, influence they could render the provisto« inoperative. Practi- cally the Government would become a speculator in silver, and prejudice the markot. The weak feature is the variable price. It would ippear that even with this scheme l of silver deposits the fixing of . i price is essential. Possibly it would be a public convenience if the Government were to issue certifi- cates on values just under any probable markot price, so tlat the fluctuations could not be taken advantage of in any way to the prejudice of the Government, which seems possiblo under the proposed plan of Mr. Window. Silver has not been below about 42d. per oi. If the certificates were issued on the bilis of 40d. por oz. the Government would be safe, though it is possible that would lead to greater speculation thin Mr. Win dom's plan. The United States Government evidently does not want to issue more silver dollars of the nominal value of 4s. 2d. when the intrinsic worthiionly 8s. There is a weak- ness in that if a bi-raetallio system on the basis of vaines is ev°r to be established. Every addition»! dollar coined will make it more difficult to effect the adjustment. On its total coinage under the Bland Act, the United States would have to give up a very consider- able amount to put the silver coinage on the basis of the market value ; and no satisfactory international adjustment has ever been achieved on any other founda- tion. Whatever may bo the objection to his scheme, however, a cablegram received a day or two back states that Mr. Window proposes legislation on the lines he has recommended. In England the currency is defective. The gold coinage ia largely deteriorated by wear and tear, and requires reconstituting. The note issjes also are insufficient. It ia understood that the Government will with- draw light gold half-sovereigns at the pub- lic expense. As the coinage ia a publio business, and in the cass of the silver and copper coins leaves a considerable profit, Government may very well be called on to be at the expense of any restoration of light gold, though at the same time precautions should be taken against fraudulent debasing of the coin. As to the note issues, the English mercantile community have been prejudiced by the want of a bank note of a smaller denomina- tion than £5. In Scotland and Ireland, and we may say in Australia, £l-notea are circulated with general advantage, and before long they will be issued in England. Without < this there can be no efficient paper currency. Who is to issue these notes is the real difficulty. Mr. Inglis Palgrave, at a meeting of the Institute of Bankers, opposes any issue by the Government, which indeed is generally discountenanced. It is thought that the Bank of England should not have the sole control, but that the . banks generally, on the deposit of securi- ties and under the guarantee of a certain proportion of reserves, should be entitled to issue the notes-of course, on payment of a tax. A cablegram elsewhere states, however, that the Bank of England ia printing the notes. It has been suggested that Mr. Gosohkn'b purchase of silver for Mint purposes is in view of his ultimate ends. But it has been authoritatively stated that the coinage of «Iver has been made to meet mercantile requirements. Objection has boon urgod -with reason against the undue coinage of silver so far below the raarkot value of the metal. If thero is to bo any use of silver for coinage as a matter of necessity, whether to a small or a large extent, it ia manifest that the coins should have tho element of market value which they do not at present possess. If, for instance, the issue of notes should involve the keeping of a larger teserve of motal^ and this in turn öhould require the use of more silvery then we may hope that in England ted Treasury will have it in the form of bullion on u basis that will not lcavo it opon to the objection made to the proposals of the Secretary of the Treasury of tho United States. A some- what larger use of silver seems to be required in both countiies. What isjneeded is that it shall be used so ns not too un- duly to inflate or depress its market value, or to create an excessive quantity of coins of merely nominal value, very different from the real worth of tho metal minted. The progress report of the Chief In» spkctor of Stock is a rauch more satis- factory document than was presented at the corresponding period of laBt year. Then the returns showed a decrease of 706,584 in the number of sheep as corn pored with tho figures of the previous year. Now the result is a return of 49,373,237, or 2,860,708 more than there were at the end of 1888. This does not represent the normal late of in- crease, which, on the bases of the good years from 1883-7, would have been about 4,000,000. But then the drought had not wholly terminated at the end of 1888\. Some further sheep died as the result of it. The increase, partly from this cause, and partly from the fact that thero had not been the necessary stocking up, was reduced to 2,869,708. That number, however, must bo regarded as highly gratifying, and, when taken in connection with the fact that the flock« generally are in good condition where last year they wore impoverished, indicate* how much more satisfactory are the con- dition and prospects of the wool-growers than they were a year back, especially when a higher wool market is also a feature in their favour. To the rearing of cattle moie attention is being do voted j as the total number, amounting to 1,727,902, exceeds by 105,065 the number at the end of 1888. And the number of horses, amounting to 430,867, also is larger by 18,090 than the number nt the end of 1889. That the grazing interests of this colony should again be falling on more prosperous seasons is of courso u matter of immense concern to the wholo community, who will neces saiily feel the stimulating influence given bj- the vast increase in the export wealth of the country. As tiie farmers have also very large ciopa of wheat, there ia every reason to hope that the year on which we have just entered will bring with it an increase of the general prosperity. The country is now so well watered and vegetation is so plentiful that a good wool clip next year Beoras almost assured, and the maintenance of prices expected, with the continuance of the present brisk trade in Europe, augur favourubly for even a prolongation of the favourable conditions of the past year. By cablegram from England we have a statement to the eflect that there is a prospect that " owing to the dis- advantages of the local supply of coals the railways of the Argentine Bepublio will use Newcastle coal." If this state- ment be correct the dark cloud over the Newcastle coal trade has a rift in the direction indicated. On what foundation this information reste we have yet to learn ; but there is, no doubt, a reason for the cablegram. If it should turn out that coal is required, the possibility of supply from Newcastle is within the grounds of reasonable possibility. Large quantities of coal-have in the past been shipped to the Pacifio coast, of South as well as of North America, and in the ordinary course of navigation an Anglo-Australian trader would have to go a shorter distance out of her homeward« bound route in taking a cargo of coals from Newcastle to Buenos Ayres than in taking one from Newcastle to San Fran- cisco, or even to Valparaiso. The market price of coal would of course not be the ouly one to be determined. There would be the question of the freight to be obtained from the three ports. Other considerations would weigh, as thoy always do weigh, in the echemes of enterprising ship- owners. But there can be no doubt that a market for Newcastle coals in the direct route of homeward-bound Anglo Australian traders would be of advantage to thom and to us. The productions of the Argentine Bepublio are growing so rapidly that in a few years they will almost inevitably require a large mass pf tonnage to move to the European markets, more perhaps than is needed to feed the nation with European supplies ; and if the country ia in the position of California, being without adequate available supplies of coal equal to that of Newcastle, it will be surprising if some of the vessels which cannot fiad other freight in Australia for foreign shipment do not run over with cargoes of our produce to that country, lying, as we have said, directly in the track of vessels bound from Australia to England. The actual condi- tions of the Argentine coal supply will be looked for with great interest by our New- castle friends. What is the character of the fuel of the Bepublio, how requirements are met and how they may be provided for, and whether Australia can profitably share in the supply, are all quêtions suggested by the brief message, which we trust, for the sake of our coal- miners, may have something in it whioh will turn out to their advantage._ » Tra Minister for Publie Instruction continued his sohool inspection on Friday by making a personal investigation into the condition of th» educational institutions in the South Sydney and Redfern electorates. Tra Bailway Commissioner* have, we letrn, recently had nnder consideration the propriety of enlarging th« privileg« of paiMogtn in totftetto Uto amount of luggage they ara allowed to taVa .imh them. Hitherto passengers travelling by first lisas carriages have been entitled to take 841b. in «sight of pnrponal elTeots freo, whilst passengers travelling s--cond-cla«B hive been alio «ed to take Wlb. weight of luggage. The Commissionora . JkSTe revised tbe regulation relating to paisengers' j loggan-«, so that in future a first-clani ticket will «title a pas«enggr to take 1121b. weight of luggage ' free, and pattangera travelling second-class will be allowed to oarry 84lb free. | The R.M.S. Orizaba is the next mail boat in tho .xpected list at tliis port Sho roaohed Holbourne on Friday last, and her London datoi to tho 27th December were delivered .hero also on Friday, hav- ing been forwarded by rail from Adotaido. Tho total quantity of mail matter for Sydney was con- tained in 106 bags, and the aegrezate quantity for Australia, inclusive of Tasmania, Kow Zealand, and Now Caledonia, wa» 419 bag?. The Orizaba had, .> in addition to passenger» from tho Mediterranean ,' and India and China, 814 passongors for Australia, and of theao there are 112 for Sydney. Rear ' Admiral the Hon. A. Denison and Commander R. 8\. Burstal, R.N., are in the list for this port The s foam or is in command of Captain G. Ii. Conlan, aa upon her previous voyagea. The P. aod 0. Company's homeward bound B.M.8. Ballaarat was full of visitors on Saturday afternoon last, and as she cast off tho fine baud she carries played some appropriate music, amid cheering from the quay. The scene was altogether one of much anirnotion, and a largo nttmbor of the friends of the doparting p»«sougera followed the Ballaarat down to the Heads ia the small harbour steamboats. The Bnliaarnt's cargo in- cludes a large shipment of silvor load bullion and closo upon 2000 bilos of wool. Ko desnntoh ha» been received announcing the arrival of the salvaste stenmor Aldinga at the scpne of the wrck of too Riverton, hut word is espected to-day from Gaho. The fen. at Island Point had subsided to some extont last Dight and as it was going down rapidly it is hoped that the Aldinea will be able, to communicate with tbe captain of tho wrecked veBsel and hi» orcw ashore. Thore ha» heou so muoh bad weather of late at that part of tho" coast, that it will ha a surprise to find the Bivorina has not broken up. Tho news from tho wreck of the Glenrosa is to the effect that the crew had , reached Adelaide, and it was considered that the cost of scouring «alvave from the cargo wonld be greater than the goods would He worth. Tho Glen rosa's cargo was consigned to Brisbane. Of maritime disaster« on the coast, tho accident to a large ship, reported bv the German steamer Barmen, »t Gabo Island veafcerday. is very mvsterious. The ship i« known to be dismasted, but no name is given in the message, nor is it likely it will be as certalned until the tue steamer despatohed to the disabled vessel last night roturas here. Op the unarmoured emisor Shah, which is to take the place of the Vernon in this port aa a training-ship for bovs, an interesting episode in her history may be referred to. It wa', as will he re- membered, the Shah that had the memorable en- counter with the Peruvian ac-mour-olad turret ship Huáscar. The fight which took place several years ago, lasted some boum, and tho Huáscar, whish it mav be noted is a Liverpool-built vossnl, was bit repeatedly, and ultimately retired under cover of the darkness. The reports which appeared nt the time stated that tha Shah wai grindlv h/indled. and came off without damage, none of the Huáscar'« shot striking her. The pa«ft«nger trade to New Zealand shows no sign of falling off: on the contrarv, the steamers are carrying larger numbers from hero than over. Thi* ia due, no doubt to the attraation of the Exhibition to some extent, hut the very low figuTO st which the tickets have been placed is responsible chiefly for the brisk business doini?. Tho accom moda'ion of the Jubilee, which left hero on Satur- day evening, wat fully taken up, and the Hauroto also had a (treat many passengers. While in port thin time the Jubilee underwent her periodical over- haul, and an addition waa ma le to her forward cabin accommodation. A departure has also been made as to the nute, and the first port of call now is Ano'»land, and thence right down the east coaBt to Dunedin. Bv this change the whole of the principal ports of New Zealand are touchod. To Tasmania just now a similar ru°h of pasaenzera ii noticeable, also due largely to the very low rate of i faro» now' ruling. Tb» boats of the Tasmanian S. N. Co. and Marara. Huddart, Parker and Co. are carrying fully double ths numbers of visitors io Hobart and to Launceston than have hitherto found their war in that direction. Tbo ocean- going oxcurtions to the two neighbouring island colonies aro this summer, it would seam, more popular than they havo been for years past The" Boys' ïmrm Homo at Camden, which w»s the gift of Mr. W. H. Paling to the Society for Providing Homes for Neglected Children, was opened on Saturday br the Hon. J. H. Carruthers, the Minister for Publio Instruction, in the pre- sence of numerous visitors from Sydney. The home, whiob is a briok building two stories high, will accommodate 12 boys, and the farm i» one acre in extent. Besides giving these, Mr. Paling has promised an annual endowment of £100 for the first five years the home is in existence, the money to bo devoted to the maintenance and education of the boy«. w i" riday evening, shortly after 7 o'clock, the North Shnro tram service wat suddenly brought to . standstill Upon making inquiry, we find that, owing to the gripper of one of the dummies attaohed to the cars catching one of the guard-plates at Blue's Point turning, the strain upon the cable became so great that a strand oarried away, and was ripped up for a distance of nearly a mile, All the trams along the line were, of course, immediately stopped. The traffic was discontinued for the remainder of the night, and a conduotor was stationed at Milton's Point wharf and Circular Quay to acquaint infendinz passengers of the fact A gang of men, under Mr. Downes, chief engine'r of the line, were busily engaged on Saturday morning in repairing damages, and about 2 p.m. the trams were again making tbeir regular trips. The tram- way authorities had, with an amount of forethooght which deserves ev«ry credit, arranged with the Sydney Omnibus Company to «end over several four-horse 'buses to take the place of the trams during the interval, so as to minimise the inoon vi-nienco to the North Shore residents as much as possible. The vehicles were placed in charge of tlii) tram conduotor«, and fares were taken in tickets in the ordinary way. During Sunday morning the tram traffic was suspended for an hour or two to complete the repairs to the line. Tlui cable which was damaged, was only laid down about two months ago, Dumxo the visit of ffie late H. E. Searle to Eng- land, he made a host of friends in London, more particularly among the Thames amateur and pro- fessional oarsmen, by all of whom the news of the young champion's untimely decase was reooived with deep regret Directly the australian sculler's death was reported in London, several of the rowing clubs on the Thames passed votes of condolence with his parents ; and now new» has been received by cable that 500 Thames oarsmen and Australian colonists residing in the English capital have signed the Searle Testimonial, which is said to be handsnmoly engrossed, and to contain a likeness of the late champion. The address, for such the testi- monial to the worth of the Clarence sculler is pre- sumed to be, will doubtless be forwarded direot to Searle1« father. The long-talked-of rat» between William Hearn and 0. Stephenson for the sculling championship of New Zealand and £200 a side, which waa'to have been rowed on Wellington Harbour on Satur- day afternoon, hat} to be postponed owing to tho- roughness of the water. It is probable that the match will be decided this afternoon, Hearn has held the New Zealand sculling championship for many years, but it is thought that he will have to yield tho honour to the Sydney soulier when they measure blades on Wellington Harbour. StoDhen oon, v-ho is a New Zealander by hirth, has resided in j Sydney for aboutnine months. He has rowed against Joe Kemp (Peter Kemp's brother) and John M'Lean I on the Parramatta River. He defeated the former, but was beaten by the Richmond River man, owing, ! it is said, to his being slightly unwell when he met M'Lean. The Iusmm. Spenser, who are admitted to be good judges of rowing, entertain a very high opinion of Stephenson'« abilities as a soulier, and as ho is quite a young man he may be expeotod to rank much higher than he does at prosont in the oquatio world. Neil Matterson, the ohsmpion sculler of England, has trained Stephenson for his race with Hearn. I G ko no p. BunEATt, tho ex-champion »culler of t England, who had several opportunities of Boeing O'Connor while ho was training on tho Thames, is of opinion tint tho Canadian did not row up to his host form when he mot tho late H. E. Searle in tho race for the world's soullinz ohampionshiD and £500 aiido. Buboar thinks O'Connor to a remark- ably fa«t sculler, and, further, that he can get away very smartly at the commenoamont of a race, The Canadian's quiet and unassuming manner is favour- ably commented upon by the Englishman, O'Con- nor will, it is said, leave San francisco for Sydney during the present week, and he should be here in tims to witness tho M'Loan-Matterson match. It is probable that a meeting of those interested in aquatic pursuits will be held shortly, when steps will bo taken to arrange for a suitable reception to the Canadian sculler. TnE date for the proposed sculling contest between Elias Laycock and George Bubcar has not yet been aureed upon, and it does not seem likely that the English oarsman will biod himself to row anyone until ho has boen in the colony for a few months. Bubear will probably train one of our prominent scullers for a race on the Parramatta River. O.s Friday ovening Mr. J. Massey, the organist and choirmaster of St Thomas'« Church, North Shoro, was 'presented with an address and a pur=e of sovereigns in testimony of the esteem in which that gentleman is held by the members of the choir, ' On Friday afternoon, at Ashford College, Potts Point, there was a gathoring of the pupilB past and present, togethor with the teachers of the establish- ment, in order to bid farewell to Mis3 Gally, the late principal Mr. J. A. Dobbie, B.A., spoke on behalf of all assembled, aod testified to the high cstoom and regard in which Miss Gully has ever basa hold hy all with whom she li»» been oonnocted during many years. In tho name of the college, Miss Gully was then presented with a handsome illuminated address and also a travelling- bag taste- fully fitted up, Miss Trym, who is retiring with Miss Gully, was also the recipient of a parting gift from her late pupils in painting. Those nho contemplate transmitting monoy by post Bhould take warning from the experience of others and resort to tho safer morl« of forwarding a post-office ordor, or registering their communica- tion. Mr. J. \V. R» Clarke, of Mtrkot- buildings, George-street, has suffered several losses in conse- quence of the want of caution of some of his clients. ' ============= 