Tl"E C(AI'HED DILL QUESTION. FOLLOftw is theo teaxt Lof the le'ttr direc:el by tho parochial cociliat.ry committee to be sent to the cathedral council in reply to the counter-prepeoos of that body: Goolborn, 12th Fobruonry 1890. To the Honorary Secretary of the Cathedral Council, Gotlburn. Dear Sir,-" The general conciliatory committee " having creftlly cnridercd the c-unter- proponalo, dated 21st January 1890, made to them by the ctbhedral council, have instructed me to write as Thie cammittee mucb regret that the council have not accepted the proposals made by this committee, and they would press thure propsatls upon thtem for their re-considerztion. Tihe counoter-propoeals of the csuncil are not based upon the " facts and principles " which maust neces. soarily guide both parties in ny conciliatory measure?, hicht are these: There has been in Goolbarn for nearly fifty years a parochial church of St. Saviour to which certain properties are annexed by crown grants under certain specific trusts, and in which the people and incum bent have certain rights clearly defined by the Churech Act; and that church having been rebuilt to be "the parochial church of the city and the cathledral chreh of the dih:ese," it is desired to alter its constitution. The question is how this is to be done. It it be desirel to constitute the nea building a cathedral "pure and simple "-i.e. unconnected with the parochial churbch to which the properties and trusts spokou of are by law annexed (and to c:nstituteo the atjoining schoolrOnm such church), thuen cearly the notr building ought to have been erected on altogether auother site. It on the other hand it be desired that the proper ties annexed to St. Saviour's parochial church shall still be annexed to the new building, then the rights and trusts to which those properties are subject murst neessarily go with them; and what both parties eshould do wuuld t. to obtain legislative sanction so to limit or alter them an to admit of tbhe nco building being governed by the bishop, chapter, and council. aTiDs is the course of action which this committee havse endeavoured to suggest in their proposals. The counter-proposa!s of th council for the re linquithment by the incumbent of his prcse'nt tcense to St. Saviour's and for the formation of a new parish under another name could never be accepted by the committee, especially as under such arrange ments the incombent would lose all the rights and privileges whichl belong by law to the incumbency of St. Saviour's--n position from which he cannot be removed but for cause shown in tlla supreme court, and would simply hold a canonry of the cathedral a peosition to which no rights and privileges are attached by la. and from which he could be re moved at any time. The propo?sals to anoer Certain properties to the cathedral nre quite superflnoous if that new building be acknowladged the represecntative ad succeessor of thie original parochial church of St. Saviour, as all the properties are annexed by law to that church already. In conclusion the committee desire to draw special attention to the fact that the eols object for which tIhcy were elected was to obtain a decision as to the identity or otherwise of the new church (not the Echoolroom) with the old parochialo church of St. Saviotr. Tihe recognition of this identity is there fore the first and must esseatial of their proposals, being that upon which all the otlhers depend; and th.y wmould also point out that until this preliminary question--lwhich of the two buildings has the pro pcr.ies and rights nnexed to it-be decided (one way or the other) there exists no basis upon whilch it is possible to found any couciliatory measures. A reply at your earliest convenience will be esteemed by, yours faithtully, JAMES WHITLOW, Hon. Secretary. In reference to the faIrgoieg letter, it is stated on behalfof tlhe porochial commitee that though the negotiations established between the recently formed "conciliatory committee" and the cathedral coun cil are not bearing fruit as rapidly as was expected by thie more sanguina of both..parties, yet this is neither a matter of surprie, nor'disappointment to those who are thoroughly acquainted rwith the whole position of affairs. On the other hand it does but strengthen the hope that the ultimate outcome of the negotiations will be to place matters, not on the basis of an insecure and hastily constructCed peace, but upon the firm and final foundation of a just and legal compact. Antecedeut to the main onestion --whnt is to be the foinal constitution of the new cathedral church so as to recognisa equitably the rights and interests of all parties in thalt church- thern has arisen eaonother question consequent upon the erection of the schoolroom on the chulrch ground and the fact that the present incumbent of St. Saviour'o "read himself in" while that schoolroom was being used as a temporary place of worship. These circumstances have been taket advantage of for the porposne of asserting that whatever rigllts the incumnbent aund people have in the churcht of St. Saviour they havo in thes ehool room not in the cathedral, and this contention (now of five or six years' standing), it is said is supported ay counsel's opinion. After expericnciug for many years tho impossibility of comning to any satisfactory decision reatardiolt the cosalitution of the new clathledral clhurch until thlis primary question be settled, the congregation wor shlipping ie the sochoolroom, at their last annual gathering unanimously resolved tatt a decision oun this point must be obtained, and at a public meeting subsequently held in the mechaniocs' institute a " parochial committee" was formed for the purpose of raising t1000 to be expended if necessary in obtaining the decision of the supreme court. This committee, desiring if possible to avoid expense, approached the cathedral council proposing that the cathedral, not the schoolroom, should be acknow ledged the successor and representative of the old St. Saviour's church, and offeriitg (so far as they could) that upon such aclknowledgment all parties would forego their rights in that building in esuch manner as to permit of its being governed as a cathedral. To these proposcas the cathedral council gave no direct reply, but cent to the committeo counter proposals in which the crucial point wan altogether ignored, and lwhich for this reason the committee felt they could not possibly entertain. They have therefore replied to the council in the above letter. The com mitten now ask, what is it which prevents a friendly t application to the court by both sides for a setlement of this question ? ¶ice wesleyctte (ontete nc closed its session on Wednesday last. Thot question of most general interest dealt with that day related to church and Sunday schools. On the motion of the Rov. J. S. Austin, the following resolution was agreed to:-" That statistical returns of our church and Sunday schools having boon presented to the a conference, it is gratifying to find that there has been a slight increase in the number of members of our church; and it is especially pleasing to note there has been an increase of 75 per cent. in the number of Squnayn-school childreg who are mectiug in cleass, While hllowever we would thus record our gratitude to God for h tnhe easuro of nc. coss granted to st during the year, we fool that, counsidering the completeness of our organisation and the large number of agents employed, we have \- a right to expect a much larger measure of success; Sand realising thtt it iis 'not by might nor by power,' hbut by the Spirit of the Lord, that success is to be .t achieved; we pledge ourselves toseek more earnestly 11 than ever a rich outpouring of the Spirit of God , upon ourselves and the church over which the Holy d Ghost hath made us overseers; and thant wn may do 1, our part to secure an answer to our prayers, we hereby rosolve to set apart a weekb, to be hereafter It specified, for special prayer in all our churches, the Friday of that week to be devoted to fasting as well prayer. We also resolve that, whervrer practicable, Sthis week of special prayer shall ble followed by a series of special mission eeryices, itt counection with ae which we may hope to reach numbers of the qn j atted, and lead tlhem to the fold of Christ." Illo IO anI Lonu Snmllllp Setcoole,- Mr. ltyrie fM P. hts beent informed by the departe Smett of pqblic iustroluction that the minister has decided to rcopen theo provisional ;chool ai Bord as a halt-time tclool. Tihe minister has also agreed to grant lthe usual assistance to a half.time school at t, Loug Swamp, to be worked in conjunction with that at Boro, whel lho necessary buildinug has been arovided by the residents of lthe former place, and y secured by leas to the depattmout. Two desis and twot forms are to be taken from the stock of furniturn iu thle late provisional school at oro for use at y Loug Snwamp. Whuen these condilions have been carried out, steps will be taken for the appointment y oae teacher to tbe sllouls. \- Welool C tl:.aige.--Mrs. Abchesot, who has d hIold the position tof cwiung mistreleus at the superior a publio pchool, Goulburn, for somne time, has been a appoiuted to the publc schooul at .tcrdouaaltown. e It Is not yet hnowon who will bhe Mrs, Achuson'on muc000ce lt G0uclbur. 