Comments on Australian Affairs, The three-headed Cerberus who, in the past, kept the " common people" shut up in the dreary hell of poverty, oppression, and wrong was represented by the King, the Nobles, and the Church. Nowadays the skull of the first has been so battered in that most of the venom has been shaken out of its fangs. The aristocracy has been frightened, and most of its power, ex cept that which exists in the possession of land and money, taken away. The Church alone retains a semblance of its olden influence. The king is now a monarch only in name. The noble, as a political force, exists but on sufferance. The priest and the parson, arrogating expert knowledge and claiming special privi leges, stillattempt the forcible regener ation of mankind, according to oppres sive methods of their own invention. The divine right of kings, the inalien able prerogative of the nobility to grind the poor, the God-derived power of the Church to boss everything and everybody, are doctrines still preached with fiery enthusiasm. They are backed up too by denunciations calculated to over-awe the weak-minded and super stitious. The British bench of bishop?s has notoriously been opposed to every re form which has had for its object the amelioration of the state of the great body of the people. If its vote had availed, ignorance, want, and subor dination to the " classes" would still be widespread in Great Britain, and would be perpetuated in every land flying the British flag. Christ, in his day, was looked upon as a dangerous Socialist both by the Church and the State. "The common people heard him gladly," but the Pharisee and the order of Dives cursed and execrated Him and His teachings. The truly humane and liberal Christian of to- day meets with like vituperation from the modern representatives of the throne and the pulpit. There were some priests and many rich men in the olden days who felt their heart yearn towards the Christ. But with the former, "excommunica tion," and with the latter, the com mand, " Sell all thou hast, and give to the poor," formed insuperable obstacles to full allegiance. Nowadays the broad-minded and man-loving priest is .lways considered a pariah by his blackcoated brethren,while the wealthy man is still held back by the thought that sympathy and concern for the good of the masses can only be shown truly by an expensive renunciation of this world's goods. The lead should come from the priest, but it doesn't. Bishops loll back in their carriages and spend on one dinner a sum equal to the feeding of a score of the people from whom, by threats, cajolery, and blue-fire denunci ation, they wring stipends for them selves and their clergy. They preach patience, and are impatient. They in culcate abstinence and are extrava gant. "Give me neither poverty nor riches," they cry, and eagerly toil to accumulate wealth. They teach char ity and are uncharitable, not only to opponents, but to their own flock. Inconsistency, alike with Christ's teaching and with their own utter ances, is apparent everywhere. There is no going into the by-ways and hedges to compel the ignorant and the poverty-stricken to partake of the evangel of freedom and love. In the luxurious ease of their palaces they recline comfortably, waiting for the world to regenerate itself. The clergy have failed in their seIf appointed task of making the world better. By the accident of fortune they monopolised the avenues of learn ing in the early days, and, in those times of bright light amidst gross dark ness, they showed little desire to spread to the crowd around them the benefits which birth or favoritism had conferred upon themselves By Herculean efforts the laity won a way to the fountain of knowledge, and, pushing away its sel fish guard of clerics, let the waters flow throughout the land in constantly broadening streams. Not because of, but in spite of, the priests and parsons, liberty, knowledge, and light have been bestowed in gradually increasing mea sure upon the world. Now the clergy have failed in their vaunted attempt to make the world better, let the world take them in hand and try to improve their condition. As knowledge grows, superstition disappears. Ghosts can find no loca tion in Australia, nor is there room in the colonies for the shreds of priestly arrogance, religious bigotry and eccle siastical intolerance which still cumber the older countries. "' Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all thy heart, with all thy soul,with all thy mind and with all thy strength, and thy neigh bor as thyself." Herein is contained the law and the prophets. The accu mulated rubbish of centuries of church tyranny and assumption is heaped round this central truth, and the sooner it is cleared away the better, even al though mitres fall and croziers are broken in the process. A golden rule for Colonial Treasurers will in future be :-" When revenue returns show signs of diminution, shoot a millionaire!" During the nine months just passed of the Victorian fi nancial year, probate and succession duties have yielded £342,242, as com pared with £186,610 during the same period of 1888-9. Had not death played havoc wivth the plutocrats, Mr. Gillies would have had a magnitient deficit to face. Some secret service money might be utilised in getting rid of the land boom kings or the silver lords whenever the public coffers show signs of depletion. Dulce et decorum est pro patria mori ! So that even the martyred rich should feel comforted. 