TMKYBIHBLg F1FSES Mr. Shiels, toe new Minister of Railways, means business evidently, and it is pleasing to note that he is not carried away by the swing of the pendulum to the extent of dealing harshly with the chairman of the commissioners. Although a young Minister, Mr. Shiels has always shown that he had a wise and judicial head upon his shoulders, and his summing up of our railway matters and their failure is as honest as it is clear and logical. With admir able candour he pointed out that the defioit in the department was in & large measure due to the political pressure that caused the com missioners to reduce freights and fares below the paying point. When he suggested that the commissioners should be allowed to increase the charges where necessary the po litical pressers objected, but Mr. Shiels has the public, save one or two members for Little Pediington, with him, and the good sense of the bulk of the House will no doubt support his proposition. In dealing with the proposed re- engagement of Mr. Speight, Mr. Shiels took up a firm and honest stand. There has beeu so much mud thrown at the Railway Department lately, that a new minister might have been pardoned if he had gone with the popular voice and slaughtered the unfortuuate chairman ; but he did not. He held the scales with an even hand, and whilst he did not think that Mr. Gillies' premature promise of increased salary should he carried out, he did desire to retain the services of toe experienced 44 boss of the railways." It is pleasant to find men new to office taking so impartial a view of their re sponsibilities and of the position, and, whilst strongly tempted to indulge in, avoiding the blunders of extremes. ' The fasting man seems to threaten to become an institution of our modern civilisation. We are also told that there are women willing to undertake the anomalous task of doing without focd in order to obtain the means of existence. Much wonder is expressed by the public at large that a man should go without food for forty days and forty nights, the time, by the way, that Noah and his family lived "upon the water," but when we come to think of it we are confronted with the fact' that there is no reliable aecount in toe world's history of a healthy person dying from actual starvation. A t any rate I cannot call a case to mind. Men lost in the bosh have perished, castaway sailors have died, and the annals of the poor tell us of death from poverty and destitution, or as the sensational reporter delights to term it, starvation ; but are any of these cases absolute starvation ? It is well- jpiown that lost bushmen and sailors go mad and die, not for want of food but for lack of water. Thirst causes the reason to become unhinged, and as a rule they either commit direct, or ex pose themselves in such a way as to be guilty of practical, suicide, . go in the so -called cases of " death irom starvation" amongst the poor, the fatal reBult is due rather to exposure and illness, insanitary surroundings or want of ventilation than to actual starvation from lack of food. Of course, persons suffering from internal disease which prevents themfrom retaining any food on their stomachs die from starvation, but these, too, die very very slowly. A man who has cancer of the stomach will live for several months after the disease has reached the acute form when he can retain no solid food. So the question really occurs whether there is anything wonderful in a man going for a month without food, so long as he has plenty of water to drink, is in ordinarily good health, and is not called upon to undergo any toil, either physical or mental. The possibility of doing with say one meal a month would be hailed with delight by toe father of a large family, although the butcher and the baker, in order to live under the reduced custom, would also have tp gq.and do likewise. There is one thing about these fasting men that should not be lost sight of. Theyare able to undergo these slow starvations, but they are not called upon for any other effort. They have not to hew wood or to draw water ; they have not to write cheques or worry about overdrafts, and they have always before them too fact that there are no tradesmen's bills running on, whilst a sub stantial cheque is waiting for them at the suc cessful termination of their fast. I do not think that even a fasting man could go without food for say a week-and live an ordinary life of business care. Tn connection with fasting men, it may be noticed how practical and mercenary toe world is becoming In the olden d&js; men fasted and underwent terrible privations as a chastise ment for their tins, and as a means of further glorifying God. Did nbt the ino&k; Bt. Simeon Stylitesfest for forty days (always is the term 40 days) when bread and water were all the tune within his reach and there were no watchers, no cheque from the manager at the eud of the time-? For twenty-six successive years did Simeon undergo a forty consecutive days fast, and then lived to within one year of the allotted span ot three score aud ten, although he had exposed himself to all kinds of hardships and castigation8 and had lived without . exercise upon pillars for thirty-six years of his sixty- nine years of life. He. did this for conscience sake as an atonement for his (imiginary) wins j the present fasting men are\more practical, nd, no doubt, arrange) their terms with keen businbsgaptitude. - St. Simeon fasted as a wor- ship God, these latter-lay fasting saints undergo the ordeal as a worship of Mammon. | t ."X -- - ' ' V < - : > ririf ' : ' There Seems no reason whatever to doubt that the death of youug Melluish from an over dose of chlorodyue, was the result of au acci dent. He was in toe habit of taking chlorodyue to induce sleep. Have you ever known what real sleeplessness means f 1 do <ift>ot mean the sleeplessness- of a nigh tor two, bat tliat con stant insomnia that is .toe worst of ail oiseases. It is rather a mental than a bodily disease. It is one of the symptoms of future insanity, and it -is a- present hell. The word sleeplessness comes trippingly off the toag ie, but it is a fear ful thing to suffer. Think of what must be toe night-life of a man who cauuot sleep, yet who has the courage to refrain irom indulging in the dearly-bought stupor obtained from drugs. He seeks his bed at midnight, and tries to court slumbur by reading. He reads page after page, but fails to grasp the mining of the words. He turns back aud strives to fix his attention once more, but in vain. HI brain is abnormally active, but it cannot grasp toe meaning of the printed sentences. He lays down toe book, puts out the light, aud resolves to tire the brain out. The sighing of the wind around his house becomes endowed with language ; the placid snoring of his dog upon the doorstep thrills his nervous system with a nameless horror, for it accuses him of some forgotton sin, or shapes itself into a prophecy of some fearful and impending danger. He peopleB the darkness with ghosts of neglected opportunities and wasted talents, and when he closes his eyes tightly to shut them out, and turns his face down upon toe pillow, they whisper in his ear he knows not what, save th&the; feels they are accusations, and that he is cursed of heaven and has no right to burden a fair and happy world with his blighting presence. Then perchance he will doz-i — it is not sleep — and he will in dreams live an age of ghastly terror. He wiii commit murder and be condemned to death, and when the hangman has the rope around his neck, he will start up to find himself in a cold perspiration that make him feel clammy and sick. He will light hi lamp and look at his watch, and will sink back with a weary moan when he learns that it is not yet five minutes since he quenched the light. Every ten minutes through the long watches of that endle&B; night this terrible mental tragedy will be repeated, and the horrible conviction will dawn upon him that this is the eternal night of death, and that toe morning will neves come. When at last the day breaks it brings no pleasure to him, for his nerves and brain have been at such a tension that he rises sick at heart, and unrefreshed of body. The light is something- to be thankful for, however ; hut the day is soon over, and toe still, horrid, phantom -peopled night is to be faced again. What shall he do ? His resolution is gone. He feels that it is the madhouse or toe grave. Is it any wonder then ibat he should fly to drugs ? They give him at least fcrrgetfulness. They shutouttheterriblesightsand closehise&rs; to toe ghostly whisperings. They do not give him refreshing slumber, but they give him the sweet oblivion of death until the morn. There are good people, people who can sleep like a top, .who are loud in their denunciations of those who fly to opiates to induce sleep. i( They j&t; at scars that never felt a wound. " I like actors and actresses for the surprises that they give: me. I follow them into private \- life sometimes, and, looking behind the mask see a fond mother, find a kind and loving husband, or an estimable and virtuous wife. Circum stances recently caused me to visit Mr. E. Royce at bis private residence. I had pic tured him as I had seen him in public, a humourous comedian with a tendency for comic songs bearing a humourous refrain, I found— a little gentleman in a neatly furnished house in East Melbourne. His weakness I soon learnt was vegetable gardening. He had got a backyard, and had turned itinto avegetabh garden, and this in East Melbourne ! Gomit songs were right enough for while, but in cauli flowers lay ins real pleasure and enjoyment. Mr. Royce, like all actors, has many little anecdotes to tell of his experiences, only one of which I can repeat this weak. Once upon a time in a iar-away town, not more than 16,000 miles from London, he was playing in a pantomine. He sang a - paxtioolarlv inane - song winch was particularly successful, A loc&L; critic came down upon him very heavily for toe Inanity, and .riang-Vhanged him 4uj> hill and down dale."- Time brought its own revenge, for it came to pass that tois particu lar critic'upon his retirement from active duty received a benefit from toe theatrical profes sion. Mr. Royoe was asked, as a matter of course, to contribute a song .to toe bill. He sang the particularly warm song and received' a doable encore. " And," adds the comedian with a grin a he fells the story, 44 1 think I had & glorious revenge for toe Only slating' notice I , ever received." . JOHN PEERYBINGLE. 