THE ROMANCE OF AN IN- SURANCE OFFICE. Being Passages in the Experience of Mr. Aiv: vyrvs WILLIAM WEBBER, formerly General M.MIXEI to tbe Universal Insurance Company. A SERIES OF SHORT STORIES, DOCTOR JAQUET'S SECRET. III. By J. MABSDEN SOTCLIFFE. A bright morning in the early summer cf 1S67. Dr. Jaquet, the eminent West End physician, had jest finished his daily consultations at his residence in Harley-street, his brougham was standing at the door waiting until he had completed his preparations before setting out on his rounds, when his staid and elderly butler entered the room carrying a note on a silver salver. " Who brought this ?" he asked with some impatience in his tone, though without the slightest trace of a foreign accent. " It was left at the door by a commissionaire, and it was marked ' immediate,' I thought I had better bring it to you before you went out." The doctor, after examining the superscription and conclnding that the handwriting waa unfamiliar to him, thrust the note into his pocket, and not nntil he had completed his preparations for departure, and was whirled away in his brougham did he make any attempt to acquaint himself with its contents. it was a commonplace note, bearing an address from Cornwall-road, Notting Hill, stating that Mrs. Johnson, who was seriously indisposed, desired to avail herself oi Dr. Jaqnet's services, and would be glad if he would call. Lest the physicianehonidhesitate to place MB services at the disposal of an unknown correspondent the writer begged to enclose a fee of three guineas. Dr. Jaquet pocketed the fee and jotted down the name acd address in his visiting book. It was late in the afternoon before the dcctor's brougham drew up before the house which Mrs. Johnson had given as her address in Cornwall-road. The great Dhysioian's patientB seldom lay in that unfashionable neighbourhood—the mere fringe as it were of the aristocratic squares where his services were chiefly in demand—and Dr. Jaquet had delayed to make this call until the last. "Mrs. Johnson?" he asked, when the maid-of-all-work appeared at the door in response to his summon?. " You are the doctor, I suppose," the servant said in an interrogative tone. " I am Dr. Jaquet." Please to step this way, sir. Mrs. Johnson has been expecting you all day, and is in *a rare take in' because you didn't come. She thought you did not mean to come." Dr. Jaquet assumed his most freezing air of politeness at the freedom of this address, and waved his hand as a sign for the girl to conduct him to her mistress. He was con ducted to his patient's apartment, the front drawing-room upstairs, and aB the door closed behind him, he found himself face to face with the wife whom he had abandoned eixteen years before. 'Claire'." he exclaimed—"but no, it is impossible. You are Mrs'. Johnson. You have sent for me," he added quickly, endeavouring to recover from the state of surprise into which this unexpected meeting had thrown him. But the agitation of the meeting had proved too much for the frail strength of the invalid, No reply came from her pallid lips. She had fainted. The husband was forgotten in the doctor immediately, Dr. Jaquet unloosened the invalid's dress and hastened to apply Buch restoratives as were within his reach. He checked the impulse to ring for assistance. No third person must hear the words that might fall from the lips of his wife when her consciousness returned. There was a carafe containing water on the sideboard which he at once seized, and pro' ceeded to moisten her lips and brow. He knew her ? Oh, yes, he knew her. She was the same beautifnl woman of old, though her features were thin and worn, and her hair was turning grey. He had recognised her immediately, before she had time to speak and make herself known. Her faintness was alarming, bnt he was thankful that it had occurred, since it gave him time to reoover his self-possession; for thereapperance of hie wife—in London, too—within reach of his own door, after long years of separation, had startled! him more than anyvisit from the dead could have done, He bent down to listen to her heart, and then resumed bathing her brow and temples with the cool water. Presently Madame Jaquet opened her large lustrous eyes won deringlv. This was followed by a quick glance of recognition. "Atlastl Kiss me, Felix:," she said. He kissed her; It was the rule of_ the attentive husband, which he had decided whilst she remained unconscious, waB the rGle that he could play with moat advantage, He played his part with skill and success. Many moments had not elapsed before they were sitting side by side, with his arm thrown round her, whilst she poured into bis ears her story, "How long have yon been been England!" he asked. " Perhaps I had better tell yon everything from the begianing," she said. " You are too tired and too ill to do that now," he replied, with well-affected tender' ness. " But I am better now. Your coming haB done me good, Besides, I will not make my story long." Dr. Jaquet was eager to listen to the history of the past sixteen years, though it did not agree with the part that he had set himself to play to exhibit any undue anxiety. He was pleased to find that his wife, without any eolisitation from him, was ready to unbare the secret of the past sixteen years. " When you did .not return for two days,' : Madame Jaquet said, "I began to grow anxious. Then that night of the second of December, when the firing commenced in the streets! How shall I ever forget it ? Ah > what scenes ! It explained your absence, but it made me fear the worst had happened, How I lived through those December days I shudder to recall. At one time I thought you were in prison; again I thought a worse fate hid befallen you—that yoa were lying manlged, mnrdered in the streets. My father came to my assistance. We searched everywhere, but discovered nothing. You had not been seen since the day before all that dreadful slaughter began. Then it waB euggested that yoa had received a timely warning aaa escaped. "That is true," exclaimed Df. Jaquet," I w&s; warned." "My heart grew light at that," went on Madame Jaquet, ignoring the interruption, and appearing as though she heard him not. " But when no message came from you I said that it could not be. You would have written if you were safe. You would not have left the wife who loved you in donbt of your fate. Yon were dead, or you had been Beoretly deported, or perhaps yon were working in the galleys at Toulon. Enquiries were made, but they were fruitless. Bnt nothing could shake my opinion that some evil had happened you, and that yon could not write. You were ever the eoul of honour, Felix." " Forbear!" cried Dr. Jaquet, and he groaned within himself at this shaft so innocently meant. " I know yoa feel for all I went through then," Madame continued. " My poor Felix 1 it IB past now. Where was I? Oh! I remember. I was speaking of my opinion that yoa were in trouble somewhere and could not send to me. But my father overruled my objections, and began to arrange your affaire with a view to administering your estate. Then we fonnd that you had made preparations for flight, and had realized everything. My fathersaid tbat you hadabandoned me and our boy. He thought so, and the blew killed him. But why should you run away from poor Claire? I could not believe it. You were somewhere, and we must go through the world seeking you—little Philippe and I —till we found you. Ten thousand franos was all that was left of my dot. "How was that?" cried Dr. Jaquet, who though conscious he had aoted a base, cowardly part in abandoning his wife and child, nevertheless believed that their wants were amply - provided for under his wife's marriage settlement. " AlaB, the dot was nearly gone," Madame Jaquet replied ; " my father had speculated with the money he had eet aside for me— hoping to make it more. It was little that waB left, but it kept UB above want—my little Philippe and L I came to London and bsgan my search. I obtained professional help, bnt after spending half my store I was oompelled to work alone. It was too expensive. But it was hard. I found I could do nothing without money. What was I to do 7 I took lodgings in Camden-road. to be near Philippe, who was at school, and near my employment." "Your employment, Claire?" cried Dr. Jaquet in a distressed tone, as the vision of this delicately-reared woman fighting her battle alone and nncheered forced itself npon hia mind too vividly to be pleasant. "You do not mean that you have been compelled to work "Why not? What else was there to do? Was I to see my money melt away, whilst I was doing nothing 7 I soon learned a little English. Then I was engaged to teach French at a lady's schooL It was for Philippe's sake. He has cost me little, though—his education that is all. His mathematical abilities secured for him an excellent situation at the Universal. He ia enraptured with his prospects, though this is not what I would have chosen for our eon." " I had to give up my search for yon when I became a governess. Only in the holidays was I able to continue my efforts to fiii you. But nothing came of it. How could it? 1 ' I bad no clue, and no one to advise m?. When Philippe grew up he might have helped to find yen quicbcr, but I could not lean upon him. I was afraid that he micht think hia father had forsaken his mother, snd then You understand—he would not love his father when I fcund you, acd I wanted him to love you. "It ail came out by accident at last. Three weeks ago I was in the Park with Philippe. There I saw you. I knew you at once. You arc not much altered—stouter, perhaps; and you wear glatgc-s now, but that is all. I felt faint with fear and joy—fear lest Philippe Ehould nctice my agitation, and joy that tbe end of my long search had come ut last; but ttith a strong effort I managed to control my self. Two day s later I was in the Park again, thistimealone. Youwerethere. Ifollowedyou to'Hurley street, and saw youenteryour home. Ycur name is on the door. I was tempted to nter, but refrained, deciding to come home itre to think. Since then I have been ill— ah, very ill. The doctor says my heart is week. As soon as I began to get better I eent for you, and you are here. That is all." Dr. Jaquet was conscious of contending emotions as he listened to his wife's Btory. lie would have been less than human if he had been able to listen to the account of her rath^tic struggles, and her long, fruitless eca.ich without being moved. He was touched, moreover, that as yet Bhe had uttered no word.of condemnation or reproach. Nay, had she not exhibited a beautiful faith in him, ascribing his flight to political reasons, and holding fast by her simple creed that her husband was the soul of honour, and that [Something—Bhe knew not what—had prevented him communicating with her? That establishment in Harloy-ctreet was a ead stumbling-block to her faith in him; but she woald notcondemnhim, even in her own thoughts, until she heard his story. One glance at her, as with her eyes strained in an intense gaze and filled with tears, she looked into his face, was enough to tell him that she was clicking to the hope that when her husband "epoke tho only cloud that hung over her happiness of her meeting with him would be scattered to the winds, and that he would shed such light upon the past as would reconcile her boy to hie mother's involuntary widowhood. But Dr. Jaquet remained long silent, whilst softly caressing her. He felt in truth like a man driven to bay. Here was the one woman who alone had the right to bear his name—the name that waB borne by another woman, who presided over his establishment in Harley-street. He had yielded to Mdlle. Lucie's importunities and matried her soon after setting foot on English soil. But none knew better than he that the marriage was invalid, and he was liable to suffer for his act under the laws of his adopted country. What was to prevent his wife appearing in Harley-street and demanding to be set back in her place? What an esclandre would ensue! Professional and social ruin stared him in the face, even though he succeeded in playing his cards so as to escape the clutches of the criminal law. Two courses seemed open to him. To take back bis wife, in whioh case Mdlle Lucie's temper might be relied upon to make quick work with him. He had had some experience of Mdlle. Lucie's temper during the past sixteen years, and he know very well that if he attempted to dethione her from her position she would denounce him as a bigamist without 'compunction. Besides how conld he appear before the grand dames of his acquaintance as a physician with two wives ? The second course was to tell the woman who had sought him through all the long years of their separation the bitter truth that he was faith less, and had abandoned her and their child with deliberate intention. He took neither couree, preferring to adapt a temporising policy. He wonld not trouble his dear Claire, he eaid, with his story just now, which would take Icng to telL It waB enough that she guessed rightly. He had been warned in time to fly from Paris. He did not know that she was in England. If sh6 had not left Paris in search of him it wonld have been different. Their long separation would have been spared to them if she had remained, Madame Jaquet was easily satisfied in the great joy of recovering her husband, and ently blamed heroin precipitancy in leaving f 'aria for England as the only cause that ha: I kept them apart for so long. Then Dr. Jaquet proceeded to open ont his plans for the future. He dilated with convincing reasoning on the difficulties that would surround them, if he suddenly presented his wife to the circle in which he moved. What explanation, he asked, conld he give of the long years of their separation ? How would it be possible to disarm the venomous criticisms of malicious tongues? Her position would pro7e intolerable if Bhe were called npon to run the gauntlet of curious enquirers who would seek to probe their secret to the bottom and who woald not spare. No ! this was not to be thought of for a moment. He was not thinking so much, he said, about his professionalrepatation, which would suffer if any scandal, however innocent its character, became connected with his name—for he could afford to lay down his practice and retire on his reputation, which was deservedly high—bnt he was thinking of his dear Claire and what was best for her happiness. He was in favour of returning to Paris, where their re-appearance would occasion less remark, and where suspicions, if any arose, could mnch more easily be allayed. lie would eee to his dear Claire's comfort whilst he waB making arrangement for the disposal of his honse in Harley-street, and when hie affairs were wound up they wonld leave England for ever, Madame Jaquet, who was willing to go anywhere with her hueband, and who felt that in the delicate state of her health, excitement would prove injurious to her, waa nothing loth to be convinced by this reasoning, which had succeeded in securing for Felix Jaquet that invaluable commodity Time, that BO often fails men at their need. Be wanted to lhink out a way in which tbe ghost which had suddenly sprung up ia his path could be effectively laid. He was in the position of a man with two wives; one known to society as such, the other his true wife in the eye of the Church and the law, but of whom society knew nothing. At present hecouiJ see noway out of the dilemma ; he must have opportunity for reflection, and this he had now secured. Bnt cow that Madame Jaquet was satisfied of her husband's good intention, she wae anxious to bring about a meeting between her bey and his father. " Might she tell Philippe everything ? :l she asked timidly. He decided in the negative. " Better wait nntil everyihina; is settled. When we ere ready to leave England I will meet him here and tell him all. You shall bear ciy story together." Dr. Jaquet'a smiling exterior convinced his wife tbat the love that had never been hero was her own at list. Sie was persuaded in her Ov?n mind that the father was yearning for the hour when he would embrace his son and the three of them would set out together, a re-united family, for the land of their birth. The conversation drifted into other channels, chiefly referring to Madame's health, and the arrangements to be made for her comfort whilst she remained at Cornwallroad. She declared that she wanted nothing, now that her dearest Felix was restored to her; .and after examining the prescriptions of her medical adviser, and having pronounced himself satisfied with the treatment, he bade her an affectionate farewell, promising to return on the morrow. Dr. Jaquet returned on the following day. One glance at the face of this accomplished actor told his wife all that Bhe wished to know. He looked proud and happy. His visits were renewed daily for eome weeks, during whiah Madame's health continued delicate. But he always spoke to her of her ailments in a gay and confident tone that raised tho invalid's courage by EIany degrees. A slow convalescence in cases of marked cardiac debility like herB, he explained, was always to be expected ; but ehe would soon be well again, ana by the time his arrangements were completed and they wsre ready to return to Paris she would be quite strong. So the days pissed. Every afternoon as he finished his rounds the brougham stopped at the corcer of tbe street, and the coachman received the came order—"Do not wait, Richard; I shall be eome time here." Madame, after ho had departed, grew to count the hours which would bring round again the pleasure of these daily visits from her smilfag debonnaire hueband. A sight of the face of the man whom she loved with rare fidelity temporarily overoame her weakness, though the cxcitement of his visits often left her languid and inclined to sleep. But she wonld not be deprived of them, and to do him justice, Dr. Jaquet appeared to look forward to their daily conferences with a delight scaroely less fondly exhibited than her own. There was always something for him to tell, and for her to hear; some new difficulty that had arieen that would necessitate delay, or eome old difficulty that had been made to disappear like magic. They talked confidently and hopefully of the future, planning where they would live when they returned to Pans, and how they would pass their days ; for by this time Dr. Jaquet had annonnced his resolution to retire from professional life and devote the remainder of his days to the society of his dear Claire, of which he had been eo long deprived. One evening he remained later than uBual, and aB the girl appeared in the hall to open the door for his departure, he expreiaed his surprise that Mr. Philippe Jaquet had cot returned. " Kindly explain to him whea he arrives that I waited for him as long as I could, Madame IB decidedly better to-day, and if the present improvement continues Bhe will be able to go out for a drive in day cr two. But tell him aleo that Madame does not get enough sleep. She lies awake at nights until she hears him retiie, and that is bad for her and retards her recovery. Tell him from me that if he values his mother's life he must keep better hours. And, ob. by the-by," ho added, as he descended the etepe, after giving these instructions, "as Madame is disposed to sleep now, you had better not disturb her. Can you remember all that ?" he enquired. The girl promised that the message should be duly delivered, and the great physician, hailing a passing hansom, was soon lost to sight. Philippe, in deference to the physician's message, which lost nothing of its urgency in transmission, delayed entering his mother's room until the thought etrack him that her Bleep was becoming more protracted than waa likely to be beneficial. " She will not sleep to-night at all," he eaid, speaking to himself, " if she is not roused." The sun was Betting as he entered his mother's room, and a roBy light bathed her pare face in the soft glory of the dying day. What was it that suddenly caused his heart to ston !ts beating, and then to rash forward «iih a bound as though it would burst thicvgU its prison in his breast? The quick eye of love saw that there was a strange rigidity in her form aa she lay there on her couch. He strode rapidly to her side, touched her hand, and started back in terror at the chill shock of her cold clay. Too soon he realized that Madame Jaquet was asleep in the sleep that knows no waking. "Mother! speak to me once more," he exclaimed, with a great and sorrowful cry; and then, kneeling down by her side, he ooverei her cold lips with his passionate kiBBes, (To be continued.J 