The Rey. Charles Clark. THE POPULAR LECTURER. The man who, at five and thirty years of age, awakes to the consciousness of his true vocation and has the courage to lay down an old form of life and take up a new one, must of necessity possess a vigorous tempera ment and energetic disposition, such as combined with much geniality of manners is eminently adapted to make him a prime favourite and a most persuasive leader of men, and ho one looking at, listening to.-or conversing with, the Rev. Charles Clark, has any diffi culty in arriving at the conclusion that he has all these qualities; that though he has not adopted the "boards" but has halted midway at the lecturing platform, he is a born comedian in the best sense of the word ; and that be now, probably, exerts an influence greater and as beneficial as that which once emanated from bis pulpit in Albert-street, great as that was. Mr. Clarke, however, has not quite abandoned the pulpit, for, as be remarks with humor, he has been of late years a sort of "anniversary chaplain" to Baptists, Wesleyans and CongregationalistB, preaching for them whenever they wanted to make an extra collection, so that in two years he has not had more than three vacant Sundays. Mr. Clarke was born in London, April ID, 1838, coming on the mother's side of a Quaker family of the name of Strudwick, a fact which, he says, fully accouats for bis extreme modesty of disposition and quiet and retiring manners, The father of the family died at the age of 46, leaving four children, of whom Charles, then just turned 14, was the second. At the age of 20 Mr. Clark entered the Baptist College, Nottingham, as a student for the ministry. On the conclusion of his college course Mr. Clark was appointed to North Parade Baptist Church. Halifax; then to Maze Pond, London, where he at tracted immense congregations ; next to Broadmead Baptist Church, Bristol. In 1868 he accepted an invi tation from the Albert-street Baptist Church, Mel bourne, and remained in charge of that church until the last day of 1S74. Then came the change which he was courageous enough to make, and since that date, with a six years' interregnum at Ealing, he has b*en a professional lecturer, and in that capacity has visited every city or town of any size in all the English speaking parts of the world. Early in 1875 he commenced a lecturing tour which lasted four years, when he visited England and America, and made his last appearances in Australia in 1870. Then he returned to England, and in 1881 was elected the first pastor of a beautiful new Baptist church at Ealing, we3t end of London, with a very large debt upon it. Mr. Clark relinquished this charge which had absorbed even all his energies in 1887, and forthwith recommenced lecturing and preaching constantly throughout Em. land, On leav ing London he made his home at Cliftm, near Biistol, where he purchased a home and, as Melbourne friends will be delighted to learn, named it " St. Kilda,' in memory of the pleasant suburb in which he lived dur ing his Melbourne soj >urn. Here Mrs. Clark resides ; she is remarkably well, and would with pleasure have accompanied her husband on hi* visit to Australia, but that it would have necessitated the breaking up of the home but recently formed. Mr. Clark's mother died in October, 1881, and this probably occasioned the rumour, at one time current here, that Mrs. Charles Clark died soon after the return to England. Mr. C aik's leotuiei have all been rewritten with much care. He now has a Beriea of three " Dicken's" lectures, besides "Thackeray," ' The Tower of London," " Westminster Abbey," *' Gromwel," &e;, and to-morrow night (Saturday), Melbourne people will find their old friend but little changed and as vigorous as ever, aud they are sure to give him a welcome such as the writer will uudertake to say he has r.aver had anywhere sines he left us. The amount of hand-shaking Mr. Clark has performed since bis arrival on Friday evening is calculated to considerably test his powers of physical endurance, but all the same he likes it ex tremely. He has been spending a good deal of time wanderiDg about the city seeing "ghosts" and marvelling at the chauges ia Melbourne during the last ten years. Mr. Clark does not approve of the very tall buildings now being created, but his admira tion for our trams is unbouuded, He wished he could see it adopiel in hilly Bristol, where the fine, staunuh horses employed in the tram system there tear their hearts out labouring up the steeps, aud make the humau heart ache. Mr. Olaik's last louture iu Euglaud wis delivered on Wednesday eveniug, February 12, aud on Friday, February 14, he sailed in the Austral for Melbourne. A great fog coming on, they were delayed twenty-four hours in the Tuames. aud it was Sunday morning before Hymouth was left behind, iu the midst of a great storm. Mr. Clark e affairs are, as iu the campaign of 1875-il, in the experienced hauds Mr. R, S, Smjthe, 