': 'REVENGE. ^ Joseph at l*at dMidftd to cmoos tk* luMiga, vtrhioh wu closed At th.« othar end by & gate^ He climbed over thia barrier without difficulty, and entered the park ; he had not yet lost his former taste for scaling walls, and entering other people's grounds with out ' permission. Notwithstanding1 the bright moonlight, he could not And a path, the grass grew so thickly and the trees were so close together. More than once he tripped over a stump, more than onoe his liat was caught in. the branches of an oak. Finding he could make no progress, he started to go back again. As he was about to climb the gate a second time, Hs eyes fell upon a man standing at the otlier end of the bridge. This man, whose back was turned toward him, had a thick rattan in his right hand, while with his left he held an immense dog by a chain. He was leaning over the rail of the bridge, looking at the flowing water. Soon he muttered in a low tone, ' Be still, old fel low. What is done can't be helped.' Was he speaking to the marquis's ghost or to Ms dog ? The latter took the liberty of answering him with a mournful howl ; perLaps he had scented Noirel. The man broke into a volley of oaths, looked carefully about him, and seeing no one, silenced the dog by threatening him with his stick, after which they both silently went away. Joseph waited a little for them to disappear, then crossed the bridge, and went back to the inn. He did not sleep at all well, and kept tossing about during the whole night. A commercial traveller, who slept in the next room, heard him cry out once, * No, you can't have her. She is mine — ' He awoke early the nest morning, with a headache. After breakfast, he decided that before leaving, he would again visit the castle and the park, ] so as to be able to answer the innum erable questions which Madame Mirion would be sure to ask him. This time ho found the gate open, crossed the large court without meeting any one, and de scended by a spiral staircase to the garden, ?where he found a few wall-flowers, and here and there some faded roses. When he had crossed this garden, he turned round to look at tbe fac? of thy castle. He was struck by tlie sad and gloomy appearance of this vast Gothic structure, which was large enough for ten families to live in, vet served as the home of only one msm. A projecting portion of the building was all that was in repair, and seemed to be the only part inhabited ; the rest had been given up to the rats and spiders. It seemed lite an immense body etruck with paralysis. and living only by the brain and heart. Turning his eyes from tne flowerless garden to the gray old walls, Joseph muttered to himself, ' What would become of her gay spirits here?' He penetrated into the park, which was funnel-shaped, and turned hi* stepB toward a, pond sur rounded by weeping-willows. The ground was coTered with dead wood, and the trees formed dense and impenetrable thickets. Joseph, with great diSiculty , forced his way through to the stagnant pool, which had formerly been a fish pond, but was. now inhabited only by frogs. The bend ing 'willows hung their mournful branches in the water, entirely concealing1 the sky from view. In the centre of a lawn on tlie border of tliis pond, stood the marble statue of an officer, sword in hand- This statue had lost its nose in the battle of the centuries. Its pedestal bore this inscription : * James D'Ornis, Field Marshal and Commander of the Order of the Holy Ghost, born in 1635, killed at the battle of JVerwinde in 1893.' Joeeph turned back toward the castle. He approached the inhabited portion, the doors and windows of which were open. Ascending a flight of steps, he saw be fore him a large drawing-room, famished luxuriously, but showing signs of age. An i upholsterer with two assistants was en gaged in refitting some portions of the room. An old woman, seated in an arm chair, with a short crutch at her side, was watching them at their work, talking at the same time to a tall, awkward fellow 'who was standing in front of her, sucking the ivory handle of his cane. This old woman had an aristocratic air, a harsh and crafty face, a pointed chi-n^ thin, com pressed lips, projecting eyes that looked like agate marbles,1 and a sharp glance that was expressive of anything but good ness, and accorded well with her shrill voice. ' I tell you again, my dear De Eozan,' she said, 'my son is an ungrateful fellow. He has written to me only twice since he went away, and then such letters. They were just like telegrams 5 you know the style of them : ' Arrived at Geneva, bought a watch ; arrived at Fribourg, heard the organs ; arrived at Berne, saw the bears 5 arrived at Zurich, took a sail on tlie lake ; the weather is pleasant j I am well and. hope you are the same.' That's all there is in them. Well, well, you know my weaknes 5 I've always adored this monster, and suppose I shall continue to do so to my dying day.' At this moment she perceived Joeeph standing by the door. * Who are you?' she cried. * What do you want?' * I'm a poor workman travelling through France,' answered Joseph in a whining tone, such as he had assumed in his younger days, * and if you could help me — ' * Get out !' she cried in an angry voice. ' This is no place for tramps and beggars.' * Tramps ! believe me, madame — ' She raised her crutch : * My dear marquis put that man out,' she said. 'I'll be gone, don't let the marquis trouble himself,' answered Joseph, chang ing his tone and beating a retreat. As he crossed the stone-paved court, he perceived the mysterious stranger, whom bo had seen on the bridge the night be fore, talking with a servant dressed in livery. . This individual, who had a large parrot nose red as a beet, bushy whiskers, also of a beautiful red, and the airs and manners of a ^bully, was saying to ? the servant,. 'So your master isn't at home, ehf ? \ '-,'.'.'?' ' He's in Switzerland, IteU you, Monsieur Bertrand, and we don't expect him home for several weeks.' 'The deuce 1 that doesn't suijb me,' he answered, striking the' pavement fiercely with his stick. * Can't you give me Ms address?' , ' ! 'How can I if lie doesn't Twrite P The count -wili so doubt 'be menxyf lie addpd, -With a doieraatSfcl sir ; 'but li* eould not hay© wsp«ct©d— Jfienaeally joxl -visit Qxa&M; Sa &? spring.' .?It'satfou to xmm 1 «*n aom* wkanev*r 1 please,' answered the other in a Burly tone j « besides he ought to have let me know.' 'Certainly, certainly,' said the servant, trying to appease him ; « but you bnow it isn't my fault. Won't you step in and take some refreshments, Monsieur Ber i trand. The countess is at home, and will I be glad to see you.' * The devil take your old countess ! She'd let me stand two hours without offering me a chair or a glass of wine.' I During this time the large dog, an ! ttgly-looking animaJ, after moving about j Joseph for a moment, began to bark } furiously, and crouched as though to spring at him. Fortunately, Joseph fore stalled his attack by giving Tirm a kick that lifted him completely from the ground. * Who are you, I'd like to know?' cried M. Bertrand, turning towards Noirel. ' Don't hurt my dog.' ' I won't, if he'll leave my garments alone,' replied Joseph. * None of your insolence,' answered M. Bertrand. * My little friend, I think I shall have to chastise you.' Joseph, whose blood was up, rolled up his sleeves, and marched straight upon the enemy with clenched fists and a defiant air. So confident was his manner that M. Bertrand drew back a step. The servant interposed between them. - What are you doing here ?' he said to Joseph in. a haughty tone. * I found the gate open,' he answered, ' and walked in to look about ; but your castle is such a hospitable place I don't think I'll trouble you again.' So saying he rolled down his sleeves and quietly walked away, followed I by the howlings of the dog, who -was careful, however, to keep at a respect ful distance. He soon reached the inn where he proceeded to settle bis bill at once. * You've heexn to the castle ?' asked the hostess i;i a pter-e&nt; tone. ' Your castle if: a pretty place !' he an swered. * It's as cheerful' as a jail, and there's a complete assortment- of agreeable creatures there, from the dog that snaps at your legs to the old 'woman who's as at tractive ae an angry porcupine.' ' Pshaw !' said she, ( when the countess is out of humor — She's a woman who does a great deal of good, though,' ' Heaven help those she assists. She must be very good to them — by-the-way,' he added, ' who is M. Bertrand ?' ' Is M. Bertrand b.ere ? He must have arrived this morning then. He's a dealer in bric-a-brac, as they call it, who now and then comes into Burgundy to buy old iron, furniture, and clocks — ' ' He makes himself at home at the castle anyhow.' * The count seems to like hfm very welL He has some old things he sells him, I believe. But what makes you so curious about all these people P 'He answered quickJy, fMy good woman, Pve always hated castles and everything inside them.' ' YoTi'ro a Bed, then, like .Father Chazet ?' she smid, ir» a reproachful tone. * As red as I can &&.' he answered, * and for good reasons, tooS Notwithstanding xms confession of faith, which she disliked, it was with re gTet that Madame On) baud saw Joseph oepart. She 'was greatly pleased with him, and asked him if he would not visit Ornis again. He answered with a bitter smile, ' It isn't likely, unless I take a notion to drown myself somo day$ I saw a pond over there that would be just the place for it.' 'Whafc's the matter, my boy?' she cried. * Does anything trouble you ?' ' How can anything trouble me ? My old master used to tell me every morning that I was a lucky dog 5 and, of course, it most be so.3 And then, angry at having so nearly betrayed himself, he assumed a reckless, jovial manner, which was by no means natural, caught Madame Guibaud round the waist, and kissed her on both cheeks. She struggled a little, but evidently was not displeased. Joseph turned suddenly and ran away. Standing on the door step, she watched hrm moving off, shaking her finger at 'him when he turned to look at her. She little thought that as he left her he wiped Ms lips, al though, all things considered, Madame Guibaud was rather an attractive woman. This adventure put her in a pensive mood for several hours, and when father Chazet came in during the afternoon to empty a bottle or two, she said to him, ' Did you notice the little sunburnt fellow who was sitting yesterday by this table ? He's the kind of workman for you. He's as genteel and well-bred as any gentleman.' As soon as he reached the crest of the hill, from which the day before he had first looked on Orxds, Joseph. threw himself down upon the grass, leaning back against a rock. It was a quiet spot ; the clock had just struck twelve, and all the village was still. Joseph heard nothing but the distant hum of a mill, and the occasional tinkling of a bell belonging to a solitary cow browsing in the woods. Opposite him, on the other side of the valley, rose another hill, on^the summit of which stood a dead oak, the mournful outline of which was clearly marked against a smoky sky. On the right, something glittered in the sun above the- trees ; it was a vane on one of the towers . of the castle. Joseph angrily turned away his eyes. The castle was his enemy, an enemy that threatened to deprive him of all lie held most dear to rob foi-m of the treasure of his dreams. His stern good sense did not allow him to deceive dimself. * They will not be in fluenced by what I tell them,' he thought ; ' they «tre governed by vanity rather than affection. What do they care for their daughter's happiness!. As soon as they find out that this mst.-n is really a count, and that in ~hi« park there's a statue of one of his ancestors, who was a field-marshal and commander of the Hply Ghost, their foolish heads will all be turned.9 His only hope, for hope never dies, was that perhaps Marguerite would make some resistance.' ?* I know well enough,* he eaid to himself, \- that if she had been with me this morn ing, that park, pond, and castle, that old witch wno threatened me with her crutch, thai l-rid.ge where the ainmLe* .. was cpm ^nitted— all these things would nave made her heart-eiokj and 'Onus -;;iw?R!ald /fiarae. sett&ed; to h«r a sad pit**, wh«r« ft would 'be impoatih&M; to «n»if+, 3tf eh« ask* sm, 111 j**t toil har jnrt what I think, in *plfe of everybody.* ^HLi hope, howere** was very slight. It had all happened so quickly. The very rapidity with which Mb misfortune had come upon him terrified Mm ; he saw something fatal in it. * And yet,' he thought, *it might have hap pened otherwise.' He shut his eyes and began to dream. He saw himself standing at Ms bench ; near Mm was seated Ms wife, gazing on Mm with fond eyes, and these eyes belonged to him : he had the right to shower kisses on them. He thought, * She is nxbie and mine alone !' FTir neait was melting in Ms breast. He gloried in his fate, Ms trade, Ms hard work, his poverty which she shared. with him, the brown bread which they broke together, and the garret that concealed their happiness 5 life appeared as bright to him as the summer sky, as sweet as those mysterious, entranc ing notes ?which the nightingale utters to the moon in the gentle nights of spring. There was something, however, in Ms dream that jurred on his imagination. Marguerite's beauty was not of the type that is usually hidden in a garret ; her hands were too white and delicate to wash the dishes and mend the clothes, and her queenly grace would ill become a me chanic's wife. The idea of clothing that symmetrical and charming form in calico or coarse cloth ! The idea of imprisoning in a hood those wavy tresses, with which the sun and wind loved to sport ! No matter how often Joseph began bis dream, It fell to pieces every time- lib*» a house of cards. * No,' she cannot be a workman's wife,', he thought. ' Where can a man be found, who is worthy of her, even in her own class. She does not belong to the society in which she lives 5 she is far superior to those about her ; she is like a swan shut up in a poultry yard. She cannot stoop to me, she will not let me rise to her ! If the stupid conventionalities that govern society had. not placed a barrier between us, she would have taken the trouble to find, out that I had a heart worthy of her, and, strong in our love, we would have helped »ach. other to bear the world's scora. I have always been treated in. her presence, however, as a person of no con sequence, and although we have lived under the same roof for two years, she has never once thought seriously of her wretched companion, nor known whether he- li&d; a heart — Why did I. ever meet her ? Why has cruel fate opened to me the gar den in which grew tMs beauteous flower, and condemned me to look at it, to become intoxicated with its perfume, and then said to me, ' Touch it not, another must pluck it before your eyes I*1 ' Then he began to find £?vJ±. with fickle fortune, to reproach it for its favors more cruel than its hardsMps. * You. have placed a man:& heart within my bteasi,' he cried, ' and will not allow me to follow the yearnings of that heart.5 He opened Ms eyes , bis elbows were resting on his knees, his chia was supported in Ms nan ds. He gazed for a long' time at the dead oak In front of Juim. It seemed to have been struck by Ugh/toing j for, although still standing, there was no life in it. Joseph thought, ' Sha.il I be ? able to keep from falling too s' He rose. Frantic with rage, he picked up an enormous stone, and threw it against the rock with such force that it flew to pieces. Two children were passing along the, path singing, Bottrgnignon Bale, L'tjpee au c»td. La barbe an mentoa, . Saute, BourgnigEon. They saw Joseph; the expression of Ms face' was so ferocious that, thinking him a raving madman, they flew into the woods shrieking with terror. Their cries brought Joseph to himself. He picked up his cap and knapsack and started on .again. He reached Arnay just in tvmg to catch the diligence for Beaune, where he passed the night. The next afternoon he was in Geneva. .....?,. (to be coEErsrcrED,) 