Celebrating the Centenary of Father Matthew. SOLEMN CEHEMONIES AT ST. MARY'S. BUNDREDS TAKE THE PLEDGE. St. Mary's was crowded when the bell rung yesterday afternoon to call the people together to take part in the solemo: consecration of obilduen to the Saored Heart of Jesus. About fosty httle girls, in white, and thirty boys, wearing medals, all of whom had partaken dof their fiBrat communion in the morning, filed into the Churbch, attended by the nouns, and entered the front pews. Toe other scholars atteoding the conveut and hoyh' rohools, with some from the coonotry, oooopied other seats, together with a number of adult,, the chorch being filled in every part. The altar was brilliantly Lighted with oandles, and the tbe BRev. A Heoran, attended by the Rnv. M. Potter snd a .number of acoolytes, conese crated the children in the following form: Father oran.--Divine Heart of Jenss, be hold us prostrate bhifore Thee, to give Thee our love and conseerete ourselves to Thee for ever. In the name of Mary, our Mather me heaven, sweet Bears of.Jesus, have pity on no. Children.-In the name of Mary, our Mother in hesven, sweet Beart of Jesus, have pity on usFather Horan.--O good end most loving Jesne, during the days ul Thy mostl Ilefo Thou wert pleated to bless little caildren and lidst allow them to prees.close to The , asyong to by.standers Snffer the little children to eron snto Me, and forbid them not. We thank Thee, O good Jesuo. for Thy great love t, wards us, and we give Thee our hearts, we give thee our whole hearts' love. Children--We thak 'lnee, O good Jesus, for rby great love towards us, and we give Thee our hearts, we give Thee oar whole hearts, we give Thee our whole hearts' love. .Father torae--0 good and most loving ens,, Thou delightest in the prayers of ehildree, and dost listen to their innocet desires. On this happy day, more than ever, give ear to their wishes, and grant their re quests. Through Mary's moat pure heart we make our offering. We coneeorete ourselves to Thy Sacred heart for ever, and we unite our voices with the voices of all the childreo in the world who are consecrating themselves to Thee. Obildre--We coneosperste ourselves to Thy heast doroever, and we aiste our voices waritn the voices of all the children in the world who are oonsecrating themselves to Tnee. Father Horan-We will love and honour rhby acred Heart all the dare of our lives, and w.e wall be true until dentu to the holy Cetholho Chnreh. This was repeated by the children. ather Hoasn--Beart of Jesus, bless our fsther, bless oar mother, blees ,or relst ves, and our ateschers. Repeated by the children. P*tasher Horan--Heart of Jea~nq, bless our comlaionn,,pardon poor sinners, and give reat to the faithful departed. Repeated lay children. Father Moran-Divine Heart of Jesus, we pray Thee, also, for the children Pl the whole world ; guard.the cradle of the newsbors, the sobool ofthechild, the vocation of thenouth; he Thbou Thyself .the ansupport of the poor, and a father ts the o~phaos. O sweet ease, fonast of mercy and love, we beseech Thee to aid us in the hourof death; then, more closely than ever befos unite as to Thy Divine hiesrt and to the ismmaculret heart of Thy greeiona mother; and Rwhen, one after the other, we shall have tallen saleep on Thy blessed bosom, O Jesuse, mapy each of us in paradise mdnd gain all his famrily united for ever in Thy Sacred Heart All togetser.--He* t of Jeenss, hase mercy on ns IImiaeolate heart of Mary. prayrfor ns I St. Joaqeph, pray for os I Holr angels, interoede for mcd Amen. The choir hoen sang some appopriate hymns, and, edteraprinkhling the cbhtallre with holy water, the cereaoqy conoluded. ,father Hoslurthen said that he was abouti to.adariniater the pledge. Theso wiho ad mine their first enuoiuion wouled take at for life: but in ease of neceseity-say after as wetiag, or when ordered i1' a dotor-- thep: -naslditke spirits, and Ithe s pledge would aot then be broken. e theeen orred to instaneca? of depravity through drmk that had boen1 bromughteodar his notices.of late, and tu:d that it was ,etter for people to shon the danger when ,tbey taw that weh a terrible dangelr eisated. The pledge was then administered to each as follows : 'i" [ promise, with the assitlancpeaf the Almighty GOd, that for the remainder ,f my life I will take no sort of iatoxioatingdrink under any excuse whaterver, unless inaaso of sickness or by order of the doctor, and I also promise that I will do my best to preventothers from asiag intoxicating drinke. In tlreame of tbho Father and of the SOn and of the ooly Ghost, Ameno. Some 200, in all, moat h?ve taken the pledge--some for life and oethere for stated terms. A large nsnubor of the bchildren were then enrolled in the brown scapular, nnd the aceremonlies were trminosted by the bsnedie;ion of the tlessed 8Sorament. Tomortow a great proossion will take placeafter seound mcass. 