The French Chamber. At the Bittiug of the French Chamber on Monday, M. Fauie moved that the House should reject the Budgit des Cultes , namely, the Estimates for the salaries of the priesthood. His motion was rejected by 338 to 154. Further efforts were made to reject each item as it came up for for discussion, but each was defeated by majorities -equally large. A little latei\ M. Etcheverry called attention to the conduct of the Government in depriving poor country curSs of their salaries on the ground of their opposition to the Government during the time of the elections. M. Thevenet, entering like the ghost of a past admiuistration into the discussion, applauded the suspen sion of the pay of those " members of the clergy who, during the electioneering period, openly sided with the avowed enemies of the Republic." This speech called Mgr. Freppel, to the Tribune, who warmly protested against the "accusations" of M Thevenet. "Never," he said, "at the last legislative elections, had the clergy taken a side between the Republic and the Monarchy." At this point there came loud protests from the Left. "No," he cried, "never. Your clamour cannot have prove anything against actualities. I defy M. Thevenet to show me a pastoral letter, a Bingle episcopal document, in which you can find a pronounce ment against the Republic, in defence of the Monarchy." The truth was, he continued, that here were widely differ ent conceptions of the Republic abroad. " The Republic that you have countenanced," said he, " iu this country, is a Republic narrow, iutoleraut, persecuting, and atheist, - whereas the Republic that you could . have established and have even led on to victor v should have been targe, tolerant just to all, respecful of the sights of religion and the clergy." Continuing lie said tliut therefore he rebutted the accusations of M. Thevenet as absolutely erroneous, and 1 I defy them to produce, as 1 have said, a pastoral letter in which at the last elections the form of a Republican Government was attacked." What was clear was, that the clergy hated not the Republic, but that Republic, aud would much prefer ouo acting otherwise thau that, now in power. After a speech by M. Leygues the different items of the budget were, as we have stated, adopted in turn. 