A Ghost Story* The journal of the Psyobioal Research So ciety contains a curious " ghost" story. It is oommuuioated by " Mayor L.," who says " On a fine clear night, many years ago, I and a brother walked home between 10 and 11 o'clock, after spending the even ing with some friends. On our way along the high road we passed a small villa situ ated dose to the sea shore. An open level grass lawn lay in front, reaching to the road where we stood, from which it was divided by a low wall/ The lawn was enclosed on either side' by walls and small trees, the house being in the open space directly op posite os, about 160 or 200 yards distant. Our attention was somehow attracted, and we saw what appeared to be three indistinct figures in white, which seemed to rise, as it were, from the ground in front of the villa. The figure in the centre was taller than the others. We watched for some time, and finely the figures subsided just as they had risen. I think there was a slight deolivity in the ground close to the house, which was . probably built on a lower level, and thus the effect described might be accounted for if figures had approached from the base, of the house. There were many houses in the immediate vicinity, but, so far as 1 can re member, they were closed at that hour, and there were no people about. 1 feel almost certain that the villa was not then occupied, unless it may baye been taken by a care taker. On arrival at home we related what we bad seen, and were, of course, laughed at, and indeed the matter did not make much impression upon us, aud in short time passed from our minds. Some years after wards I was serving abroad with my regi ment when I received a letter from a member of my family who was present on the occasion referred to, recalling my memory to it, and stating that the lawn had recently been broken up, that in the spot indicated by us three skeletouB had been found, and that the one in the centre was the talleBt. I should add that there was no story or legend connected with the place, that the disoovery of skeletons caused much surprise, and that, so far as I am aware, no due has been found to their identity or his tory." 