TOPICS OF THE DAY The openinff up of tho valley of the Gardiner Creek by tho construction of tho Glen Irla lines promlui ultimately to add n now suburb to Melbourne. ' The undulating and nioturcsquo oountry along the route of tbo line Is exceptionally spareely populated at tho present 'timo, a couplo of houics in the vlclulty of a railway atatlen coastitutlng quito a' crowd. But tho heights' beyond aro tipped with houses which aro slowly beginning to descend into tho valloy. . And 10 this connection beforo very long thorn will bo somo very knotty Iiroblcma to aolvo in reference to Uie crook tsclf, eomo of which areat tho present titno forcing tliomsolvee upon tlio attentiou of tho Malvern and Hawthorn Councils. Tlio crock Is very devious in Its course, and Bnrawls (that is the most appropriate term) aubuta good .deal, In conBcqoenco of which thoro havo to bo as, miiuy as three bridges ocross-itin one line of tnorousbiarc. it is therefore proposed to cut a u«w channel for tho creek, shortening its course, and allowing the flood waters to rapidly escapo instoad of - submerging tho surrounding low lying lauds, By this means somo of tbo bridges now existing, and wltiob will shortly havo to bo renewed, would bo rendered unnecessary, and nmcn valuable laud roclaimed. Tho work of course will be of a very exteusiva nntl ex pensive nature, but it is contemplated to carry it out in sections. At lbs present time negotiations are proceeding between tho two councils mentioned nnu the proporty owuers interested for cuttlnga clear channel in the vicinity of tho Toorak road bridges. Tbo way lias been blocked hither to by one gentleman declining to have any thing to do with the sehetno, aud threaten ing legal procoedinge if tho oounoils, by catting tho oliannel above his property, floodoa hie land, but ho has now agreed to How tbe work to be dono, on condUiou that certain IroprovcmeuU are mode to his property, aud. tho only matter now remain ing is the adjustment of costs betweon tho municipalities. A good deal has been written about the cleverly desiaurd lite boat, which has been u appropriately eh wtjned to Sturm King, and its daring commander, bnt very little i« known of tho advantages it possesses in a practical sense, or as n factor in tho saving of lifo at sea in the ease ol a disaster to any largo vessel. Tho question of lifo.aaving appliances on board excursion steamers nnu other big vessels is now engaging tbo attention of the Marino Board and ownnrs of ships, anil a few words about Captain Jorgcnson's invention should thoreforo bo read with special in terest at this stage. It is claimed for tho now style of boat that it can bo quite as easily adopted for tbo purpose of saving lifo on ocean-going vessels as tho boats at pre sent In uto, and that in actual need it would l>o found to bo much moro cfTectlvo than tho boats now carriod on board ship. As a rulo, lifo - saving up- plianco aro only provided for about two-thirds of tiio number of pansongors on a vossol, and most pooplo havo soma idea of tho troublo of lannchlog tho boats in caso I of shipwreck. When a panic takes place, ' tho task becomes almost an impossibility. Now, everybody will bo astonished to learn that Ciptain Jorgonscn has conceived a Titan by which the necessity of launching Ida boat in case of a panic, or rapid sinking of a ship, is dono away with. Ho proposes that the boats, or flections of boats, as tho caso tnay be. shall bo placed in chocks, which shall reach to the gunwales and that tho lioats shall lie loose m tho chocks without fastenings of any kind. If this idea wore carried out tho boats would not go down with a sinking ves-cl, but would rise to tha surface, and t he pcopio who jumped into, or clung, to thorn boloro the vessel foundered, wontd bo saved. Tho same priuclple would apply to the boats swung on davits, which could bo fixed so an not to provent tlicin rising to the surface of tho water. Then, whereas oue of tho life boats now in U30 would ouly bold, say, 20 pcopio, ono of tho captain's boats of, tho samo size would hold 710 people, as 20 could find a rofuuo inside tho boat, and tbe other 10 could cling to tbo Btnnchious on deck. Another advantago would Ho in tho circumitanco that when thoro was no further room for coinnlcto boats on deck, sections of boats could bo stowed there. Tliesoaro tlio principal mcrita claimed for tbo Storm King, and they aro capable of widor interpretation. Wo aro watching with tho keoncst of interest (writes our London correspondent), tho progress of Hio pitched battle between Capital and Labor now being fought on Aus tralian soil. Router's meagre telegrams havo been supplemented by sncciul messages from tbe correspondents of the " Times'Mn Molbourno and Syduey, and thus we aro enabled to follow tha daily inci dents of the struggle with a fair amount of success. Naturally, tha strike is tbo ono topic of discuuiou amongst Australians in London, and whilst opinions differ a to its eventual consequences, there Is a prevailing impression that some such colossal conflict between the organised forces of Labor and Capital was mcvitablo in Australia, and that the sooner it was over tho better for all concerned. Inconncction with tho strike, the London " Star " and tho Mulboui no Hkiuld aro to be jointly crodited with it noteworthy journalistic achiuvement. Tho Australian mails woro delivered hero on nMonday furcuoon.and shortly after inid-day tui edition of the " Slar" was selling in tlio streets contuining tho full narrative of tho circumstances lending up to tbo strike that u. poured in the Huiui.b of 7th August. Con sidering that not more than an hour elapsed botwecn tbe arrivul of The Herald nnd tho publication oflho '\Sfar," and that a week's tilo of Tilt: 1Ibuald had to bo searched dur ing that limited time, this feat is a triumph of which thosu two leading ovening journals ut opposite ends of tbo earth imvo every reason to bo proud. Next day Tin: IIlkald narrative was published in tho "Daily Chronicle," tlio "Ball Mall Gazette" and numerous othor London journals, it being ovorywlicro recognised as tho bcaU account of tho antecedent circumstances of tho striko brought to Jlngiand by tho last mail. A painful accident occurrod to Mr Richard M'Lcnnan, storekeeper, at Tooradin yesterday afternoon. Wliilo driving a young horse and waggou laden with mer chandise between Yullock and Tooradin tbo animal became unmanageable,' aud while endeavoring to pacify him Mr M'Lcnnan received a kick from tbo animal's foreleg which knocked him down. Tho Iturso then bolted, nnd tho loaded waggon is sup posed to havo passed ovor tlio log of tho incapacitated driver, who lay prostrato until some friends arrlvod, and tho injured man was conveyed to tho railway station, where he was sent to Melbourne in tho guard's van. He was subsequently taken on a stretcher to the Farmers' Club Hotel, tvliero ho was examined by Dr Bourko, of Collins street. Tlio examination revealed tho fact that M'l.onuan was suffering from injury t» the ulnlomoii aud l?g, but tho real nature of tlie injuries cannot at present bo ascertained. Once nioiothi week (says our London correspondent) dots tbo " jlritish Medical Journid" expirss its aatnuishment and in- dignnttou at thu MnUiouriio Hospital being still allowed to cumber tlio ground. Tim additional evideneo brought to light before thu Charities Ciimmkisdoti discloses such a dopioraMu stuto of 1 hings m connection with the houpital that tho " Jl.M.J," is astounded to think thnt suolt a vitiated structure should hnvo boen so long tolerated in tho metropolis of such a prosperous and progressive colony as Vic toria. It sum the Lonsdale street establish ment up as " a standing disgrace to the city of Mulbuuruo," and strongly urgos the imme diate demolition uf tbo presunt Hospital, with a view to tbo erection of another on a suitable site that will bo constructed in accordance with tho lessons of modern ex perience. Tlio "B.M.J." bancs itn trenchant observations on tho evidonco of Dr Grant beforo tho Charities Commission. We have heard a lot lately about Swazi land, iu relation to the settlement of " spheres of influence" in Africa. Tlie crowning of the new King of that connlry is engaging, just now, great native atten tion. In aid of Coronation ceremonies, an Iinpi has been sent out to catch u lion, a tipror, a huffnlo, uiul a largo snake. Thu King will iiavo'to cat a portion of thu hearts or tho fust three animals, to givo him courage, and huthcu must bo smcurud with thu fat of the snake, to provont him from bring bowitchod. Then tho buffalo's head is placed on tho ground, and tho young 'King must sit on it between thu horns, clothed only iu tho lion's skin, on tho first day, and in tbo tigor's Bkln on tho second day 1 and, on tbo third day, bo must como out of his Kraal quite naked, to bo presented to his pcopio, as tho "Great Lion" and tho "Great Tiger," and other imposing titlos. The Induanas (Chiefs) must all oome, and tiring something with them, too, to givo His Majesty a good start. Tbo arrangement for tho Melbourne Total Abstinence Society's competUlvo . examina tion in temperance physiology aro nearly complete.' Tho number of competitors who havo entered exceeds 800, nearly equally divided botwoon residents fn Mollwurno and tho country districts. Tho Molbourno ex amination will bo hold in tho M silel School, Spring street, at 2 o'clock'on Saturday next, tho 1st Novembor, and local examinations will be held simultaneously in 31 towns throughout Victoria. Tho prize for this oxamfiiation consist of books valued at ovor L300, and tho Total Abstinence Society h no vated the sum of L300 for another examina tion on similar lloes, to tako placo next year.' ' A hundred and aovenyearshavomndo littlo difference in-matrimonial aspirations. Wit ness tho following, Just sent to " Notes and Queries" by Mr Walter Hamilton, theliues being discovered wrltteu by him on the fly loaf of an odd volume oi " The Repository" 1783 1— 1\. Female companion to soften my cure, 2, Thousand a year to support my affair,, 8\. Dug and a guu to pass away time, 4\. Horses and chilie, to indulge me and ! fi. Jolly companions with whom to mnke merry, 0\. Dishes each day, with six glasses of hurry, 7\. Bed at my house, for my friends t their \- leisure. 8\. Something or other to add to their iilu.isurr, !>. Pwunrts iu my oooket, when ye samo I require. . Oh ! grant but these. Heaven, no more I desire. "Hnspttat" writes that the people of Kent, tho chief hop producing county of Kusland, have found out that hops which malic oxcollent bosr will make equally ex cellent tea. They are converting hops into fresh tea leaves.' Thoir object is to luiuisli I an artiole whioh . will, alter, for the hotter, , both the .flavor and the quality of the teas we now use. When the drUd flower i used for making an Infotloh in which fermenta tion plays no part, a drink is produced quite freo from alcohol. It contains only the tonic, eoothing and nutritive qualities of tho hop. If utad alone, tho tasto of tho in fusion, which to the unsophisticated palate may not be agreeable, tony bo modified, as tea Is, by tho addition of cream or milk and sugar. But tho uppermost Kontinh Idea is to uso the hop an a qualifier and improver of the common teas of India nnd China. The subject, " Hospital" adds, bas been taken up in a thoroughly bil4inoss-like way, and extensive works havo been started at Maid stone— tho Kentish capital city. Let Gipps- land tako heed. With Morwcll coal, and Bairnxdalo hops turned into tea, Australian Follies may put tbo kettle on with moro agreeable rouults than ensuo from pure Cniikco brews. Now thnt tho cricket season of 1890 is practically over, it is only uatural (writes I our London correspondent) that various opinions should be expressed as to reasons why tho Australian Eleven did not realise the expectations that were formed at the beginning of their tonr. "Tiro real weak ness," remarks our correspondent, " is caused by tlie absence of Moses, I llanncrman, Bruce and George Giffcn. 1 If the places of Walters, Burn, Trumble, and Gregory bad teen filled by this quar tette, tbe side would thereby have been almost incalculably strengthened." Another critic, who signs himself " .Sydncyite," de clares that " with a fair wicket, and ordinary luck, tho following team would como out victors against tho strongest com bination the old country could put into the firid s— Bl&ckham;, Turner, Ferris, Murdoch, M'Donald, Koran, Giffcn, Moses, Bontior,Banncrman and Trott, with Lyonsor Jones a reserves." A third reviewer re marks that "tho Australians of 1800 are a fine body of cricketers, but given bard dry wiokets and strong opponents they arc not in it ; on the other baud, on wickets whjph assist the bowler they arc au excellent eleven." f Since tbe death of General Grant, through caucm- in thu mouth, cigar-smoking in excess lias been closely associated with that malady in tho pnbliu mind. But a very prominent American physician lias recently declared that "thu only cases of cancer iu tho tongue that hoover saw were in persons who never smoked, of whom the majority were A special train, conveying about fiO gentle men, among whom was tlio Commissioner of Customs, left Spencer street this morning for Broadford as thu guests of Mr James M'Dottgail (of Sauds and 51'Dougall.) Tho object of tho visit is to inspect a fine now factory which Mr M'Dougall has. erected at Bradford for the purpose of introducing a new industry in tho nliapu of the manufacture of cardboard, or as it Is known iu tlie trade, "strnwboardj'from wheaten straw, jfitherio the raw material of tho ticket printer has been imported, but MrM'DuugallhasimportcdapccL-il machinery for his new factory, and will in future be in a position to produce railway tickets a branch uf industry hitherto impossible in Victoria. The party will return this after noon about 4.30. There is n difference, thcro aro many differences— if all tales nro true-— between Bnglisbmcu and frenchmen, in love at nny rato. if nut in war. M. Jules Simon has filtered through staliatiesa very distinctive one, incidental to his investigations and huiumtu'.iomi in rcspoot of the progress of tho depopulation of Franco. Ho demonstrates authoritatively, by returns which come up to tho cud of fast year, that tbo annual total of marriages in Franco bus decreased by 13,000 in four years, though there in some sort of an explanatory set off by another average, showing that a Frenchman marries Ixitween 20 nnd 30, or a year aud a half later than thu average Kngiisiiman, another proof of l-higtisii superior Intelligence, in- lurentially, litis making hastu to get married must involve an Increase of English mar riages. AU-the-vear-round journalism in London has inglorlously collapsed (says our London correspondent). Somu fifteen months ngo Mr Gordon Bennett, of the "Now York Hcrnl-J," proclaimed bis intention of waking up Loudon with a real live paper that would appear in American style every day throughout the year, Sunday included. The payor mane a big splash at first, and hnd tho advantago of a splendid gratuitous advertisement In tho shape of a multitude of published protests fibtiri all ' sections of tho religious world against tho iniquity of depriving newspaper men of their weekly day of rest. But the London edition of tho "New Yorx Herald" never really caught on. It was written in too Yankee n style to suit English taste, aud comparatively Tittle of the life-blood of nd- vcrUHomcnts fiowod through its vulns. So It gradually sickened, its nizo was reduced from lime to time, nnd recently it gave up tho ghost, tho ostensible ronton assigned in t ho valedictory editorial being " mechani cal difficulties." In future it wilt appear as a Sunday paper only. Mr Gordon Bonnott U reported to have dropped 150,000 dollars over this littlo indiserotum. The annual meeting of the Society for the Protection of Animals will bo liuld on Wed- nesday next in fto. iU room Town Hall, at 4 Tn rcfercnco (o tho proposed change from duck to sorgo troiumra for tho police in summer lime, it lias been stated that it is now too lato to permit of the chatigo being nutdu this season, as tho trousers could not he made In time. Messrs Lincoln, Stuart and Co. wrlto to nny this is not correct, as they could do the work, and tliuy have no doubt other firms could also. A special choral scrvico will bu bold ab Synagogue, Bourkn street, to-morrow, Hos pital kimilnv, at half-past .8 o'clook p.m., in aid of the Hospilids' Fund. Tlio Uov. Dr Joseph Abrahams, M.A., will officiate, and deliver a sermon on lichnlf of thu charities. Tho following gentlemen have kindly con sented to an-Mst tho choir, viz. Messrs llenry M. lnmno, A. A. Hoymannon, Nor man Bcntwich, Albert K. Israel, F. II. Mendoza and Magnus Cohen (organist). The Children's Hospital will ba open to visitors 011 Hospital Sunday, 2flth hint. Boxes will bo placed lu conspicuous places on behalf of tbo general Hospital Sunday Fuud. Tho Kay Excursion Steamer Ozone in an nounced to run to Queonschffand Sorrento to-morrow (Sunday), starting from tbe Fort Melbournu Hallway Pier ut 11.10 n.m. These onjoyablo trips aro spooially appreci ated by country visitors, who are now arriv ing in town in tlmo for the Huclng Carnival, giving thcin as it docs their ouly opportunity of visiting our fashiumihlu watering places with their varied ami magnificent scenery— tlio Back Beach at Sorrunto in particular. At tho Town Hall, Piahran, a fair is hoing held in aid qf St. Joseph's Church, Malvern; To-night; " Baby Nicholl's ' and Dtliors take part. Particulars in our adver tising columns. .Dr. J. F. Joyce will deliver a free lecture under tho auspices of tiio Molbourno Total Abstinence Society, in thuTcmpcranca Hall, Kussclt street, on Tuesday evening, tbo'iSth Inst., at H o'olock, on tho Philosophy of Pro longing Lifo j or, How to Livo a Hundred Yuars. Tho chair will bo taken by Mr H. Dagllsh, and Mrs Abel) will prceldo at tlio piano. During tho ovening songs ami reci tations wilt bo contributed by lady and gentleinou amateur. Tho Robo of Deiim'ark Life Boat Crew Brass Band will play tho following selections in Studloy Park lo-morrow aftcrnoou after noon, from 3 to G o'clock :— March (soared). Stars Ka Brightly Shining, Newton j over ture, La Kuchu D'Or, Brcpsant; march, Stabat 'Mater j fantasia, Tlio Troubadour, Trebort; march, .Heavens aro Telling, Handel Hallelujah. Tho collection will bo mado hy the Clifton Hill, Coilingwood City and South l'ltzroy Fire Brigades. Iu our advortlaomcnt columns will bo fouud tho proapoctus of tho Western Port Duiry Farming Compauy 'Limited, tho object of which U to establish and carry ou dairy faimiug on an extensive scale in the neighborhood of Tooradin. Tho contract of s&lo; for tho purobase of tbo property, which is under the Transfer of Land Act, maybe inspected at tho ofheoof the secre tary. 10,000 shares jo tho company will bo taken by tho vendor as part payment of tho parohnso nicnoy for tho property, and tho remaining 42,000 aro now offered to tho publlo. Tho idea ia a good one, nnd. tho prospectus is worth reading. , ' Amongst tho Hospital Sunday services to bp hold to-morrow, wo desire to direct at tention to that to bo hold In the East Mel- bourne Synagogue), Albert street, at 7 p.m., whnn a cbo!r specially traldcd for the occa sion by tbo Rov. Jacob Lemrcr will render a lull chorals rvico, and wo feel assured. Irom the well-known musical ability of tho rev. ge&tlomau.; that a great treat 1 111 store for those who dcslro to avail themselves of the occasion. It might bo worth tho while of any man whoso soul Is tired within him these dull times to have a look over tho pictures to bo sold by Messrs Gemmcll, Tuckett nnd Co. on Tuesday. Tho cataloguo includes " oils' and "waters "by Signor Rolando niul Mr Jamen Peolo, and thcro are, in addition, somo vary natural cattle nieces, by Mr J. H. Sheltcins. Speaking from n business point of viow, the cataloguo is a good ono ; speaking artistically, it in attractive. Messrs Harmston and Son had the tnisfor- tune to havo their pavilion in Swanston etrcot entirely destroyed by tbo ficrco gale that blew yesterday, nnd wcro unable to Ecrform lost night. Everything was rectified y thin morning, however, and tho usual entertainment will take place to-night. Tho South Molbourno City Military Brans Band will play a selection of cholco music to-morrow at Braconsfleld Parade, South Mclljouruc. Collection to bo takcu up in aid of Molbouruo Hospital by tbe South Melbourne Yoluteer Fire Brigade. The startling sensation of parachute descent by night is one of the attractions announced for this ovening at tbe Hippo drome grounds. Professor Horna&dcz; will make bis ascent by means of an illuminated balloon, and then drop to earth by his para- schuto, Illuminated by colored fires and electric lights. In our advertisement column will be found tho half-yearly report of tho director of the National Bank, and it is nleasant reading for tho shareholders. The net profit after tho usual deductions leave available fur distribution L100,089 14 Od, und It will bo disposed of a follows: —Dividend at the rato of 12i per cent, on thu paid-up capital of otio million, L02.500 bonus to shareholders of 2J per ocnt, 1.12, GOO ; carry forward, L31,US9 14s Od. These things are consoling to read about. The sales of Japanese Art curios by Messrs . Gcminell, Tuckett and Co. ou Monday1 will be worth attending. The exhibits havo been carefully selected, aud ure ccrtaiuly luiongtho best imported. According to tlio " North China Herald," which is giving, in a series of chanters, tho "Natural History of the Chinese Girl," she is to ho pitied. To bo sure, tho requisites for a Chuicso youog lady as a spouse arc not cxactiug. one youug gentleman contemplat ing marriage, and interrogated in that be half, declaring it to be quite enough if she is " not bald or an idiot." But the Imperial coda of divorco, which includes all thoso causes accounted sulliciont in the statutes of Victoria nnd New South Wales and a few mere, notably " loquncity," is rough on tho fcininino CbinUcc. In Chir.a, thcro Is no provision for hor support. The land is set apart for the maintcuanco of parents, and, niter them, the sons. The result is that it is not only fancifully hut financially im perative in all Chinese girl to get married. If they aro divorced they cannot roturn to their parents, and their brothers (assisted by thoirown wives) drive them away, tho pica for this treatment being that, belong ing to another family, they had no business to apply to their own. Getting married again in culled in China, "taking a step," and It is a step not easily taken there. 