Tbe House on the Scar. A TALE OF SOUTH DEVON. By Bertha Thomas. Chai tee IV.— A PARTY OF PLEASURE. In this solitary matter of escorting his sisters, David, the meekest of young men and of brothers, had a while ago put his foot down. He would not. 'The worm bad turned,' said Barbara (tbe wit of the family, as Lalla was the beauty, and Eveleen the social success). There was no denying that they, the girls, had been remorseless in tbeir encroaches on the Owlet's time and patience, things unlikely to find better employment than in fetching and carrying for this lively trio, as iney iook care ill turow in ms leeui. So, when Eveleen's promised chaperon for certain Bexeter gaieties failed at the last, through the death of her mother (' Stupid old woman, she has been dying for three years ; she might have lasted till after the Jiall,' exclaimed the disconsolate fair), and David offered to shepherd this flower of the flock, there was a moment's mute surprise. But he was not given time to reDent. ' David ! Well, anyway's better than not going at all,' thought Eveleen aloud; 'that hand of yours in sticking-plaster's not very presentable, but you cau wear gloves. Off with you at once to the post-office to wire lor rooms at the New London Hotel.' ' Sacrifice to evil spirits,' a sceptic and present-day philosopher bids us. How should Amy's boyish lover be less superstitious ? Subjecting himself to a dis agreeable ordeal on Wednesday and Thursday, as though it somehow entitled bim to hope for poetical justice on lrriday at Amy's hands. Eveleen treated the Owlet according to her wont. She had no change : Eveleen never had any change. Besides paying her travelling expenses, David must disburse for her shopping in Bexeter — sundries she had forgotten. ' I'll owe it you, David,' she said, with an inde finable air. ' If you have a muff for a brother, profit by the misfortune when you can,' was Eveleen's prin ciple. His shyness and masculine delicacy might be counted on not to remind her of her debts. It was a fine imposed on him for social slips remembered against him, making them all blush for the relationship. Then, after she had sent him to every livery -stable in the town to hunt up a suitable open carriage for driving to the fancy fete at Oatiands, when, at le' gtb, he re turned successful, he found she had started without, him in the meanwhile, in the company of some friends she had met by chance, leaving word that he must follow, as 6he wanted him expressly to see her home. That was to say that she bad made her private arrangements to be driven back by a certain Captain Corydon in his dogcart, and wanted tbe Owlet (some how Eveleen, in her wildest moments, never quite let go her hold on appearances) to play propriety, with bis back turned to the most egregious of flirtations. He must get down lo open the gates, endure the captain's merciless persiflage, and lend them his umbrella when the rain came on. Later, see him falter into the assemblv rooms, a limp, insignificant adjunct to an amazing scarlet tulle ball dress, enclosing Eveleen's plump person. Plain faced (as she knew), the screamingly fashionable style she adopted secured for her, nevertheless, the respectful attention of both sexes. Her shape, as outlined by the drapery, would have proclaimed her a mon ster ; her hair, frizzled by curling tongs to woolly semblance, rose like a chimney-pot on her head ; her pencilled eyebrows and lids— or other circumstance— heightened the natural bloom on her cheek, She must have David's name on her card to choke tff the bores : these fair tyrants had trained him to dance respectably before he threw off their yoke. So she twirled cnce round the room with him— just a hint, pointed by a glance to the right man, which brought him to her 6ide at ones, and David was hustled off with a fat chaperon on his arm to the supper-room. Six hours of merriment on this pattern, and if tedium were mortal, thought lie, he must have given up the ghost. But all this was only the beginning of joys. lo-niorrow afPrnoon Eveleen was going over to Oatiands to dine and stay the night, She couldn't possibly go without David, since the master of the house was a widower; hut go she must. There was always such fun at Oatiands ! The fun, for David, consisted in being pilloried, so to speak, by vivacious belles, strong in practical jokes, and who knew a butt when they saw one; sewed placards on his coat, put a wasp in ii'ts pocket, and a key down his 1 ack ; in the spectacle of Captain Corydon wheeled along the terrace in a perambulator; then Eveleen was induced to get in, and sat on his knee, under which double and considerable burden the vehicle collapsed. 'J'ben an imerval of repose in the 'bilh'ilrd-ioom, enlivened by mysterious witticisms and e-hces ot the music- halls, Eveleen taking nips of brandy, and joining in some circus-like trials of gymnastics — fit prelude to an after-dinner dance, where ordinary waltzes, falling flat, were succeeded by _ a quadrille extraordinary, . the dancers'.. ? ? . antics waxmg wilder and wilder, till shrieks of laughter drowned the music; the night frolics winding up with a prodigious romp, a scouring of pas sages, bombarding of doors, and freaks of furniture. Some playful being had locked David put of his room, and hidden the key. Now the rout, disappearing as by enchantment, left him astray in the corridor, to wander or go to sleep on the sola in the billiard-room till 6 in the morning, when a compassionate housemaid. came down and contrived to procure him the means of en trance to his apartment. '? Gocd Lord!' ejaculated Eveleen's brother, as the pair drove off together next morning in a fly. ? ? So that's over.' ' Didn't you appreciate it ?' asked Eveleen, placidlv. ' 1 thought not.' David burst out laughing. ' I say, Evey, if I were a young lady, I think 1 should draw the line at a high kick competition and a tan-can.' 'What, were you shocked, old lady?' she said, faintly amused. ' Oh, it's nothing, they say, to what goes on at Lord and Lady Otho'p, at Upton Court.' She 6aid it as seriously as though quoting Church and State sanction tor whatever was implied. That Eveleen, in ber frisky virginity, was none the lesB qualifying lor the stillest and stanchest of British matrons was a seeming paradox, but a fact that dawned on David later on. At Lome, meanwhile, fat Lalla and Barbara, thirst ing with eagerness for their sifter's return from her outing. Their faces dilated as she came in, brimful i-( gossip, which, while the tea was drawing, rippled over . . in emphatic little snatches. ' Y es, i ady Otho did come — sold everything off her stall, even the safety-pins, at absurd prices. Aud, what do you think ! At the end they raffled for a kiss, at a guinea a ticker, and cleared fifty. You should have seen the men's faces as they drew; but there was cheating, 1 know. Of course Captain Corydon won— trust her lor that. At the ball she wore oyster-white, with perfect cataracts of lace, and knots of . heartsease sprinkled about. He danced with her three times; but he thinks her passee — he told me so.' ?' Give me some tea,' said David, as Eveleen paused for breath, whereupon Barbara, as she handed him his cup, parenthetically let fall : ' Oh, David, have you heard about Amy ?' *? What about Amy ?'.he said, looking up quickly. ' How she went to sea ' in a sieve,' or something foolish, and wsr picked up by Gossamer, half drowned in a leaky boat.' ' Nonsense, Vava. Amy, what on earth do you mean?' he stammered, incredulously. 'Are you in ? earnest ?'' Alas ! her attention was now reft aWay beyond recall. The servant had just entered with tbe local paper, and three pairs of ' fair hands were fighting feverishly for its possession. (For continuation of ' The House on the Scar' see page 252.) Barbara's prevailed. Grasping the priceless sheet she tore it open with irantic activity. David really Thought the three of them had gone inad. There was a wild scramble to see as they searched the columns for the desired heading. ' The Regatta Ball ! ' and here Barbara shrieked aloud, ' It's in, Evey, it's in,' and rapturously read out, ' Miss Terrier was conspicuous in a robe of the fashionable colour, ' Teu d'Enfer,' with a gold ? ' ' Oh, you horrid, horrid Owlet,' as her brother nipped the newspaper from her hands, and held it behind him, saying, loudly, ' First finish vour sen tence, Vava, about Amy. What do you say lias hap pened ?' ' Amy — oh, well, what was 1 saving ? you've put it out of mv head,' and she halted — provoked and provok ing ; but her yearning to recover the society journal prevailed! ' It's all true, David,' she said, fretfully. ' She drifted out to sea in a boat, and was taken up more dead than alive. I don't know the particulars. But 6he's all right ; there's no tragedy; don't waste your heroics. Ah, joy!' Ashe fiung down the newspaper, instantly her hands had snatched it up, and 6he wa6 finding her place. ' How many times did you say he danced with her. Evey ? ' The door banged on her brother as she spoke. ' 1 do believe,' said the graceless Evey, 'that he's gone tearing off to the Beverleys. He can wake up, it appears. You wouldn't have * thought so at Oatlands last night.' David went at full speed down the valley. Barbara's reports of facts were apt to be devious; still he gathered that Amy must really have been in some danger whilst he was fooling it at Oatlands ! He accomplished the two miles in some 20 minutes. The house looked as usual; the servant's cheerful face contradicted all ap prehensions : but lie noticed a man's hat in the hall — possibly (he doctor's. In the sunny drawing-room three persons wove sipping (ca, as serenely as the smart virgins he had just left. But. for Mrs. Beverley's altered face, David would have decided that Barbara had been hoaxing him. Amy's mother was suffering physically from the irighl she had undergone, whose traces made her look quite old to-day. You would have thought it was she who had experienced the narrow escape, not Amy, who, with (be buoyancy of twenty-two, sat (here, rather pale and tired, but as bright.-oyed and animated as David's solicitude could desiie. The third porson whs his acquaintance of the other night — the Man of the Mount. ' Here's David,' said Amy, springing up as though she. were expecting him. ' David, this is Mr. George Ellislon, but for whom 1 should be ? somewhere far out on the Atlantic,' she added, cheerfully. ' 1 sec you have heard all about it — how ho picked up me and my boat, adrift.' She spoke as if it were an every day occurrence. 'Not how you canic to be boating by yourself, Aiiiv.' ?She told ber talc, making light of all, as though retrospectively to soothe her mother. Poor Mrs. Beverley had suffered many things iu ber woman's life, but never as yesterday, when it grew dark and she anxious; for Amy, who was timid, never stayed out so late. At lust she sent messengers with lanterns to meet her. One pushed on to Heather Mill cove — found her easel overturned, her possessions scattered about, the cliff path unsafe in the high wind, and brought back this intelligence, tome black and inter minable hours of nameless anxiety and horrid presage followed: then, towards midnight there was a knock — a waterman sent up from the harbour to say that the Gossamer had just come in with Miss Beverley on board unhurt, hut in an exhausted condition. 'But 1 walked np from the pier,' said Amy. ' Did 1 not, Mr. Elliston p Could you only have seen me, David, and what wind and wet had made of me — a sort of attenuated, draggle-tailed banshee.' ' What, is really strange.' remarked Mrs. Beverley, who kept watching her with fond uneasiness, ' is that she does not seem any the worse for the wetting, the chill, or the fright.' ' Miss Beverley did not seem to me frightened at all,' observed Elliston, speaking for the first time. ' Well, I knew I had Borne courage somewhere,' said Amy, ' but 1 could not find it till I was in a sea worthy boat. I did not feel the danger after that. Still 1 was glad when 1 saw the Orestone lights.' ' And so was I,' Elliston admitted. 'Your father,' he added, to David, ' will forgive me for having risked and slightly damaged his boat in too heavy a sea, re turning from a run to Plymouth, since it was the means of getting this young lady out of what might have proved a serious scrape. I must wish you good day now, Mrs. Beverley.'* ' We shall see you to-morrow,' she caid, cordially, as they shook hands. Elliston looked straight at David, appearing to divine his position as an adopted member of the household. ' These ladies are so good as to say they will come and advise me as to the furnishing of my house. 1 have lived the life of a gipsy since I was 14. and have not the slightest idea how you set about settling down. Perhaps you will come also to join the council P ' David consented politely, as he saw bim out. 'AVho is Mr. Elliston P' he inquired when he re turned to the drawing-room. ' A planter from the Pacific Ocean,' 6aid Amy. ' lie has spent most of his life out there.' 'And made his fortune,' concluded her mother. Those three could read each other's thoughts fluently. Mrs. Beverley resumed. ' He makes no pretension to be a gentleman, in the common sense of the word. I fancy he must be en tirely self-educated. But he saved her life. I feel as if there was nothing I would not do to show mv grati tude.' ' Ho and Joe Mansel,' said Amy. 'Joe held the boat, 1 believe, while Mr. Elliston got me over the side. That was the worst moment of all ; I thought we must go down together.' She broke off. ' 1 shall like to sec what he will make of the Mount with his belong ings from the tropics — shells and strange birds and poisoned arrows, and perhaps he may introduce us to a swarthy wife— a savage island queen. But he hasn't mentioned her.' (To be continued.) 