A NIGHT IN A HAUNTED HOUSE. Opposite the residence of my friends the Gibsons stood a small frame dwelling, which was the tenor of Beanville, for it was said to be haunted. A murder had been committed ten years be£or% and once then the poorest labourer in the county would not take the place for t rs had tried to live there, and failed to secure sufficient test tolive upon. Tramps had been known to climb in at the windows, but they climed out of them before daylight Kot a dog would stay there. It was a genuine haunted house. And so, being down at my friends' for a visit 1 resolved to investigate the matter, and declared that I would sleep there, at least one night—more, if "necessary. Well, Frank, youll be sorry if you do, 1 assure you," said Mr. Gibson. "The house haunted," said Mis. Gibson. " Yes, sir—haunted," declared the friend of the family, ^rho was smoking his cigar on the porch. "Sure and I saw the ghost myself, sir, 1 said little Biddy, nnrring the baby on tbe lower step. silk going to sleep there to-night' I declared. " I have always wanted to see lost" stuck to my determination. I went to the little, empty house that night, and 1 carried thither a mattress, a blanket or so, and ftrevolver. It was a warm nig^t in Uttie place " ifte nev%r appear to large partiee,' said. "If I need help 1 will fire my revolver out of the window. YouH hear that" And so, half scolding, half laughing, they let me have my way. " At eleven o'clock I retired to my couch with a book and a kerosene lamp, and by midnight I had read myself to sle^i. What awakened me I do not know, hut I suddenly eet qp in bed with a sense of great discomfort upon me. The lamp was burning, iny bpojk lay wheje I had dropped it, but I had a feeling that something in the room. "A trickis about to bej^ upon me," I thareht* and I started to my feet Of course lhad not undressed, ant I holding my revolver in my hand, looked about me. I saw nothing, but I heard ^ queer sound. It wig as though people were snapping their fingers all about me. I could associate the sound with nothing else. It was not a crackling or a ticking, it was a. positive snapping sound. Tet ®OB»e WSfect g^SM have made it That went in tmd out of the door, upstairs and down. I could have sworn thct such feet were pattering all about vie had' I been blind j hut the moon shone brightly, and 1 went from room to room with gay lamp", and saw nothing. _, upon the floor at intervals ~pf ^wo mhjLUte^ And suddenly "a cunou§ thing happened. All the bedclotlies w^re drawn entirely off of me and thrown into the comer of the room. Now for the first time I began to fed nervous. I sprang to my feet and ntshal into tbe eBt^ fhinkisg that -eomje one \- wit^ I went downstairs. I peeped mto closets, I explored the cellar, and I returned tomy room. That no longer empty, upon my bed lay a nail. „ ,, - SbteT Wfi^ ffr ^ ^ layithicklticjf. jfe ^esfrere opai and tamBdfallnpanme. . ' I looked at him a moment, an^t then burst into a laugh as I levied the Revolver at his head. "So you're the ghost," I said. "Come— vou shall have the bed for the rest of the "" igiit and a breakfast in the morning if you Si tell me what your game is." The ruffian, seeing that I "had the drop on him," owed up that he was one of a gang of thieves who used the "haunted house "as a hiding- place. They frightened everybody away Trom it by their piostr plav, and it served their purposes welL I"kept my promise to the vagabond as to his lodging and breakfast and then told my friends, the Gibsons, of my discovery. They told the authorities, and from that time the lit$l£$&me; house was not haunted. 