Murder of a Chinaman. THE CLAREMONT GHOST "HERO" IN TROUBLE. SPLENDID WORK OF OUR GALLANT SERGEANT. HE WORKS THE WHOLE MATTER UP AFTER 5 YEARS. Alfred Jackson, about 23 years of age, was charged at the Police Court, Orange, on Wednesday, with murdering a Chinaman named Ah Sue on the 30th November, 1885. Constables Pasley, stationed at Orange at the time, now at Coolabah Police Station, and Senior-constable M'Donald, Bathurst, deposed to visiting Brandy Creek, the scene of the murder. They searched Small's camp where the prisoner's stepfather and two of his stepbrothers resided, and found an En field rifle under some blankets in a cart, and a six-chambered revolver. Senior-constable M'Donald examined the rifle and found the pan discoloured and blackened as if from smoke. The rifle appeared to have been used about 24 hours previously. The pris oner, in reply to a question put to him by M'Donald, said that he did not use the rifle. On the 30th November, 1885, Mrs Small handed him a box of percussion caps. The prisoner said at the time he did not use the gun. Lately Henry Small, aged 19, at pre sent residing at Penrith, said he was camped at Brandy Creek with his parents in 1885, and that prisoner was his step-brother. He remembered the Chinaman being shot. About three months ago witness made a voluntary statement to Sergt. Thorndike of Penrith, and about two months later he made a similar statement to Detective Roche in the presence of Sergt. Thorndike. Both statements were read, and in them witness stated that on the day of the murder his par ents went to Orange and prisoner took the rifle out after dinner and said he would go and sell it to the shepherd. He loaded the rifle with powder, bullet and gun cap, and went in the direction where the shepherd was. An hour afterwards he heard the report of a gun, and he saw the prisoner coming quickly back to the camp, and from his manner surmised he had done something. Witness said, "Alf, what have you done ? did you shoot the shepherd ?" He said "No." Witness said, "what did you do then ?" The prisoner said "nothing much," but changed his clothes and went outside, and then poured water down the muzzle of the gun. Witness asked what he was do ing that for. He said so that it would rust, and no person could know when it had been fired. The prisoner took them to where a Chinamen lay, and he pointed his finger and said, "There it is." The Chinaman was lying flat on his face with a pair of Chinamen's baskets, one on either side, with the stick used for carrying the baskets on the back of his neck. Jackson turned round and ran towards the camp. When he asked Jackson why he had committed the act Jackson said he had meant to have a shot at him for fun, but did not think he would hit him; the prisoner said to witness and his brother, that if they told on him he would kill them. Both promised not to do so, because they were afraid. Shortly afterwards a woman was seen approaching in a cart, Jackson said "Here comes some one that will see him (the Chinaman) and tell." The woman went into Orange and later on he saw two policeman approaching. Jackson said, "here they come, if they come down and ask you if I was anywhere say 'No' ;" when one of the policeman was coming towards the camp, Jackson said, "I will get a stick and keep cutting it the way he will not see my hand shaking;" he then got a stick and commenced cutting it. Jessie Small, aged 16, gave corroborative evidence. When the witness asked the prisoner why he fired at the Chinaman, he said, "I fired at him, but did not think I would hit him." On the following day, when witness asked him why he shot the Chinaman, Jackson said, "I asked him for money, and he said 'I will tell the police,' so I thought it better to shoot him, so that I would not get into trouble; I don't know what I'll do; I think I'll steal a horse and go after Moore Thornton." Witness advised him not to do that as he "might be caught and get into trouble over the horse stealing;" he did not tell it before now, because the prisoner threatened to kill them if they told, and if they told he would be hung and would come back and haunt them. The prisoner cried bitterly at this stage as did the witness. Dr. Codrington gave evidence respecting the wound on the Chinaman. A Mr Baker also gave evidence as to see ing the Chinaman that day walking along the road, and also to seeing a young man carrying a rifle or gun about a mile off; he could not now, any more than he could at the Coroners Court, swear that the accused was the man, but he resembled him very much. Sergt. Thorndike was the last witness. He gave evidence as to the arrest of prisoner, and charging him at Parramatta gaol "that he did on 30th November, 1885, at Brandy Creek, near Orange, feloniously and malici ously murder one Ah Sue." Read the warrant to him, and in reply to the charge he said "I have nothing to say.'' Took a statement from the two Smalls, and was also present when they made similar state ments to Detective Roche. The witnesses (the two Smalls) were the parties who made the statements, and those before the court were the same. The accused was committed to Bathurst Assizes in April next. 