ECHOES FROM PALL MALL. FbOM Oun COIllllt'Jl'ONDENT. LONDON. 10th OcTonsiL Tiio country is charming in many respeots, but lends itself to " illustration " ratiior than to "copy." Only a fow persons, liko Mr. Jamos Thomson, havo found it useful in thnt; way. Whether ho remalned.n whole yonr in it to write " Tho Seasons " Is doubtful. It Is known thnt tho author of tho lino " Falsoly luxurious will not man nwnko " laid in bed till noon, and nto punches off a wall with his hnnds in his pockets. Thnt lie saw tlie sun rise is certain, for ho lias described it as only an oyo witness could, but ho probably sat up all night to do it; "otioo and awny " was cnougli for him, we may bo sure, nnd being a man of gonius I10 took evory advan tage of his opportunity. It is a great mistake to suppose tlmt you require to see a tiling a great many times in order to describe it properly. Tho reverse of tills is tho caso, for tiio repeated oxpcriunco of it robs it of its most salient points. My impression is that Thomson depicted tho seasons so admirably by going down into tho country four times, from Saturday to Monday. To havo remained thore would have boen fatal to tho olijcot ho had in view. I know, indcod, a great mathematician wlio works in tlie country, but then ono can write mathematics anywhere, and nobody is in a hurry to print them. When the typos are waiting for you nnd "tho devil," well, you lind better come up to town. Somo nuthorB talk of "going to the country" for in spiration, lint these are imaginative writers. It Is llot.otily that there Is something dreamy, and nvorso from action of any kind, in the beauty of tho woods and fields and streams, but country peopio aro all deplorably idle, and thcro is noth ing so catching, except the' mumps, ns idloness. If our luerubntions have n tingo of lazinuss this week it is because we uru in tut, country. The most dramatic of novelists hns given us an account of how, having a .certain work on ' hand, ho was so indiscreet as to accept an Invi tation to a groat country house, tho hostOBS of wliioli wrote to him— "This is tiio vory placo for work, so quiot, so sooludod, I am sure it will be a mustorpicce, and out of gratitude you must dedioato it to mo." And tho dedication wns nil ho ovor wroto of it, when lie got there. There is nothing to find fault with, of courso, on tho score of hospitality ; on tho con trary, tho throo dinners a day,- for thnt is what it comes to, oxclusivo of tho afternoon tea, are among tiio causes of failure in composition. Tho old system of star vation—looking an author up without food, liko a j tiryman, till lie had done his tale of work —adopted by the publishers ot' the last century' may havo erred in tho other direction, but it is certain that repletion is not an incentive. Then tho hours arc against him ; there is a belief that jieople get up early in tho oountry, whereas, as n mnttor of fact, they get up lator (of course they do ; how 011 oarth would thoy get through the day if they didn't) ? It is truo that our "den," as tho kind liustoss moderately terms the beautiful room sliu lias placed at our dis posal, overlooking tho river, is ready for us at ail times, but the house muid is not roudy. She oomes in singing a song, and finding tiio apartment already occupied, exclaims, "Oil, lor," drops her broom in dismay, with an "I beg your pardon, sir" and flies, not quito sure tiiat slio has not soon tho family ghost, a spec tacle always promised her hy tlie butlor. ' This would havo upset us in our ruptost moments, but tho truth ia wo aro not rapt at all. Wo have been looking at the view and listening to tho tumbling woir for half an hour, and now wo arc looking at the books. It is monstrous that a man who lives by his pen should have been put in a room lined with books ; no insult, no reminder of bis unhappy calling was, wo may bo Bine intended. Hut the worst of it is that if an author is placed in a room with books it is 10 to 1 ho liiiH to look at overy ono of them. No niattor whether it is tho Shepherd's Guide or tho Loudon Directory, lie must know what it is. It is cor- tuiu, from tho vory queer charactor of some of them, that his hostess has never made a similar investigation. What amazing atories, and still more amazing poems, aro to be found in tho libraries of our oountry houses. It is our oub- tom to wondor how this nnd tlmt book, by tbo amateur author, gets published nowadays, but bow those of our forefathers found publishers is still more remarkable. I boliovo that tlie true reason of tlie fallen fortunes of many of our oountry families is not American imports, but tiio cuooclhc3 seribcndi, falsely supposed to be a modern plague. If you look into tho book- shclvoB of almost any old country houso you will find tiiat soino ancestor was infeotod hy it. Their books wero gonarally printed for private circulation — and it wns probably limited enough —but, whatever was the cause of this, it was certainly not modesty. When the breakfast bell rings at butt, and the modern author is subjected to examination as to tlie progress of his matjnum optii, " I am told by tho frightened houso maid you havo been at work for hours ; oh, do tell us what it has been all about?" A faint blush proclaims tbo rutiaonoo of truo gonius. Siiioe his dili gence has beon thus established, he muBt really give himself ono morning's holiday. Hut wlion tho morning is gono for the brain worker all is gone, especially when a luncli of fivo ooursos in terposes between it and the afternoon. More over, in this houso of pence and seclusion, there aro always people coming to one's open window, if not " with a lily, or a cliorry, or a now in vented game," with somo doubtloss innocent but rather distraoting eohomo of amuse ment. "Yon aro not going to bo all day," they do hope, "poring over that wretohed work of yours." Thoy don't mean the mwjnum opus, though it sounds liko it, but work of any kind. Tlioy are as dead against it, ail of thorn — tlie hostess, and "the duar girlB," witli their tennis bats, and tiic boys witli their rods nnd gunB, and tbo oliildron, with their buttorlly nets — as Oirce and her oicw wero to Virtue and square dunces. Evon when Nature horsolf seems to intervene in favor of literary nativity by Bond ing wot weather, tho children como to hido in "tho den," as boing a safe pluco, bceiiuso thoy heard tho author wns " not to be disturbod," and tho door is rapped with billiatd cues, and laughing voices shout to him through tbo key hole, "Fool, pool, and you shall havo four lives," a privilege wliioli eventually costs liim two shillings instead of the usual oiglituonpenoe. No, you may do many excellent things, my literary friends, in a country houso, but you can not writo there, and it is of no use to try it. Some people are immensely attracted to a " plat" of any kind, if it looks pretty ; a deplor able mistake, for tho dish that is most artistically arranged has beon tho most fingered, and gcuor- ally suffers in eonaoquenco. A salad that looks liko a flower garden is always vapid, and tastes like the path, because it has been messed about. Even plovers' eggs, though not only tho prettiest of dishes, but ono very difficult to spoil, taste freslior when served in their shells thun when the cook lias slicllod tliom. Another tiling to he avoided in things moant to eat is a high color ; this may bo becoming in it's proper place, but that is not in a sweetmeat, and still less in any other kind of viund. From ft lato commission on Bologna sausages it seems that in many . oases not only is tho outside dyed with shollac, but the inside, tho very meat, " with garnet red and Bismarck brown." It is stated that purchasers " like a bit of color," but ono cannot but suspect that theso aniline dyes are used to provont them knowing what tlioy are ating. It is ourious tlmt long before suoh a thing was suspeotod, tho question of eating ani line came beforo a law court by mistako, and was the cause of a oortain eminent counsel boing convicted - of leaving out his h's. It wns a French ease, nnd nil interpreter wns.of course employed, and in connection with the manufac ture of tbo dye tbo eounsel meant to inquire, "Do you heat it?" but wii.it lie said was, "Do you cat it?" and tho Frenohman, not under standing - his oookney pronunciation, repeated Mawjcz vous cet aniline ? and convulsed tho tlie court. It is quito right that every system should hnve an organ, if it be but a hurdy gurdy, in ordor that it may bo understood and possibly appreeintod. Even the eriminnl classes would put thomselvcs ou n better footing with thoir fellow creatures if they could mako tiioir princi ples, or) tho want of them, iutolligible. " The Thief, a Periodical Dovoteil to tho Wrongs of Property," would he a wcioomo addition to our stock of periodicals if it introduced us to tho real sentiments of its proprietors. It is quito unlikoly that they entertain tiioso views of meuiu. nniUuum with wliioli tlioy aro generally credited ; tlioy must imvo something to say for tlioniBolvos ; that habit of " rcaurvingThofr defonco," wliioli injures thoin so with (lie. .stipendiary is also hurtful to tliom as regards the publio. It ia in the snmo charitable frame of miud that one greets tile publication of tho Herald, of Anarchy, price (monthly) ono penny. To learn what anarchy has to say for itsolf would be Buroly to loam something. But unfortunately, no doubt from my own wnnt of intelligence, I can make nothing of tho Jlerald , "Wlion I am talking of what I do not understand to a person who does not understand mo," is tbo usual definition, I boliovo, of metaphysics; it also fits nnarohy to a niocty. Even tho stntoment, " What anarchists want," which fills ono witli expectation, mocks tbo willing oar ; ono ean mako neitlior bond nor tail of it. Its method seoms to bo that of oliininntion ; but wlion you have eliminated everything, nothing remains. It is no use spelling " program'' witli over suoh pellucid simplicity, if one has 110 programme. ; Tbo present crusade against the publishers instituted by tiio Knights of the Authors' Leaguo is not tho novelty it is supposed to bo. " Now Barabbas was,a publisher" was on artiolo of faith believed in from the cnrlioBt times of printed books, net only hy publishers' haeks, but by vory great authors indood, though, 011 the other hand, it is very true that tiio greater tho author the less ho i3 likely to understand of business affairs. Ho may think bo is cheated when ho is not,' and of courso tho world of readers is on his side. When tho dog bit tiio Bishop of London, who was muoii sympa thised with, Sydnoy Smith expressed a wish to have tlie dog's story of thnt ocourrcnce ; hut such liberality of viow is rare. It is generally understood that all Milton got for Paradise r Lost wns £5. This, however, is not quite the case. He got £5 for tlie first edition (of 1300 oopies) and £5 for tho Bccond, which, howevor, he did not livo to rcceivo, and his widow sold tho copyright for £8 ; so that £18 was on tho wholo the pure base money. Of course it beoame a great succoss, but tliero ore persons, not devoid of intelligence, who are of opinion that a seeond Paradise Los', by a similarly unknown author wuuiu not now fiitd a publisher at that prioo, nor at any other. Dryden lind a bittor quarrel with Jacob Tonson about his translation of Virgil. The publisher deolinod to pay anything extra for tho noteB, though the poot protested tlioy would cost him six months' labor, " Thon, since tlioy are not to bo paid for, sir," bo said, " tliey shall bo short, for the saving of, your paper." Ho was also naturally indignant witli tho publishor for mnking the engraver " aggravate the nose of ./Eneas in order to innko him liko King William," to whom tho volumes wore to be inscribed. What would have been of muoh more consequence to me, was that Tonson always paid liim in liglitcoin. "When the eighth Aiuoid is finished," he writes, "I expect £50 in good silver, not such as I have had formoriy." This is worse than the modorn habit of giving hills. Still he did not break with Tonson. "Upon trial, I find nil your trade nro sliarpers, and you not more than othors, therefore I. have not wholly loft you." A doubtful compliment, which oven tho author's society would now hesitato to pay. When Androw Mitlai sent Dr. Johnson tbo monoy for tbo laBt sheets of tho dictionary, lie wroto, "Thank God, I've done with you ; " to wliioli the doctor replied, "I nm gliul to find you linvo tbo ginoo to thank God for anything." This was not pretty. There aro differences between authors and publishers of to-day, no doubt, but thoy soldom attain these dimensions. To a aertain olass of criminal tho possession of tho faculty of imagination must be a groat hindrance. Evon ordinary murderers nro often compelled by it to mnkc a olean breast of it, nnd Sykos, though exceptionally brutal, was much troubled by Nancy's eyes. It is doubtful wliotlicr remorse hns anything to do witli this — tlie imagination and not tho conscience is tho avenger. In the personation for fraudulent purposes of onu who is alive, tliero is, of course, n greater dangor of detection ; but in doing so wlion I10 is dend there must be far greater corincss. For all the criminal knows, and ho is rarely destitute -of superstition, the other may j bo aotmilly present witli liim, taking a woird interest in tho forgery of his own handwriting. Tiio claimant put on so much fissh while occu pied in playing his r 61c that it is proliablo ho was not troubiod in this way ; but if ho had had over so littio imagination it would havo been very inconvenient. In Burohall's case, though there wns no impersonation, there was tho unusual horror of having liimsolf put an ond to his viptim, ami yet lie could sit down and writo a lottor to his father in the other's namo within a few hours of hisarimo. Perhaps it wos because ho found it too sovoro a trial to his nerves thnt lie snid " my (moaning his) next lotter will bo written with the type writer." Somo critics havo boen so good as to say (among other flattering statements) tlmt I havo " no imagination," but I feel sure had I boon in Bur- olmll's position that I havo cnougli to liavo made me very uncomfortable during epistolary com position. A hansom cabman has been summoned for striking a boy with his whip who was running under his horse's hools. It was proved that I10 did so to prevent running over the boy, and ho wns of courso acquitted ; but how tho boy's frionds (unless thoy wanted to get rid of liim) could have been so ill advised as to mako such a cliargo is amazing. It is woll known to every frequenter of tho stroots thnt the favorite gamo with our juvenile population ' is " tho jug," or Jug gernaut triok. Its objeet is to go as near committing suicide under whool or hoof ao possiblo without doing it. .Tlioy wait , until the voliiole tliey have fixed upon, for tho experiment is almost opposite tliem, nnd then spring aoross the road. To a loss extent wo all do it ; to save a seeond of time in going to our chambers of our office wo run tho riBk of "being hurried into oternlty." If we havo miscalculated -our distance, or our foot slips on tho wood pavement, it is alt ovor with us ; and if our insurance company could but witness tho catastropho it would certainly dispute our olaim. But tho boy lins not evon that'saving of a seoond to excuse his rashness ; lie may be oven going to sohool, in which caso ho is certainly not in n hurry. Tho British Constitution may bo tho bulwark of liberty and all tho rest of it, but there is something wrong with our common law. A brutal creature, charged with starving a delicate wifo, ond oompolling her to sit 011 tho stairs all night in her nightdress with hor baby, is thus addressed liy a London magistrate " You liavo subjected your wife to a slow but continu ous torture, but you havo fallen short of that violence which would Imvo rendered you liable to a severe sentence thorcforo " — and then follows ft oouple of months' imprisonment. And an honest man has just been given 20 years' papal servitude for shooting, in self defence, two fac similes of this vory blnckguard. I11 the latter oaso it was the jiulgo and not the law tlmt was in. fault. But how idle it is to boast of our humanity and intelligence when such monstrous wrougB are committed in tho name of justice. On the great mistress and servant quostion it is rare to find anyone discoursing without " taking sides." Ou tlioono hand we learn that there aro good mistresses, and on the otiior thnt tho "faithful retainer " is extinct. Thoro is no doubt tliut thore aro grievous shortcomings in both, mainly arising from their ignoranco of 0110 nnotlior. A writer, wlio imaovidently know ledge of her subject, givcB a fair and temperate account of the matter in tho Nineteenth Cen tury. What, however, she does not grapple with is the growing eonvietion among a largo olass of the lower orders that not only does domestic service interfere witli indopondence but tiiat it is in itself degrading. This is tiio American view, and how it works everyone who 1ms visited tho United States is well aware. The homo is more or less transferred to the hotel, and tho raga muffin who thinks it no disgrace to loaf about Its door would seorn to answer tC bell. Tho result is tlmt, though one of tho most luxurious, it is tlie least comfortable of all civilised countries to dwell in. Tlmt we are tending in tho samo- direotion ourselves is very much tin, fault' of tlie upper classes. Two generations ago it was not thought degrading by women of high position not only to " look aftor " their servants and show nn interest' in their morals and well being, but to take cer tain household duties upon themselves, in wliioli their daughters assisted tliem. Even in tbo last generation, young Indies had an intel ligent knowledge of housekeeping, and gave thoir attention to it. I have known some wlio could fry whitebait and make pastry muali' better than many professed cooks, who wero great at "preserving," and in case of illness iu tbo bouso could put their hands to anything. It is now tho fashion with ladies either to dele gate all suoh matters to a housekeeper, if tbey can n fiord to keep ono, nud if they cannot, to neglect tliem, as a proof that tlioy are born for higher things ; while their daughters are abso lutely ignorant of everything that conduces to household oomfort. Tlioy can talk of Ibsen, but would be slioQked if thoy were supposed to ltnpw how a bed is made. Servants aro at least us obsorvant as other people (indeed for obvious reasons more so), and when tlioy per ceive tiioir duties (and often themsolvos) to be ignored, as unworthy of consideration, thoy naturally have a poot opinion of domestio sorvioe. 1 \ 