TRIP TO EUROPE. (By Mbs W. I. Thbowbb.) No. 15. LONDON, August 7, 1890. My Dbab, ? London is now quite deserted by all tbe fashionable people, and the fact that ,4t he season' id over is very perceptible iu tbe «est End, notably in Piccadilly, Hyde l*ark, Regent Street, and eiswwhere where the gay equipages of ihe upper ten thousand aud of tbe wealthy are to be £een in great force when the season is iu full swing. The departure of the Prince nnd Princess of Wales for Goodwood is generally tbe signal for an exodus of all who claim to be io fashionable circles. Many of the picture galleries have closed or are about to close, the Italian opera season ie over, and ail the seaside and many of the continental retorts are now becoming crowded with visitors. And just as the season has ended the summer appears to begin, for during the last few weeks the weather has been delightful; bright, sunny days, tempered with cool biefzes, and no more rain than ie welcome , in the form of refreshing showers. Since my return to London, previous to going abroad, 1 have -been making a few excursions which 1 had not been at leisure to undertake before, and among the most euj iyable of these was a day which I de -voied to llicbmond, Hampton Court, and Kew Gardens. Richmond is not ee busy a place as . expected, but it has most I ively surround-1 iiign j and a drivo along the?.»rr«cu which overlooks the famous gardens, and com mands a view of the river, was indeed a treat. We drove up Richmond Hill, where the bouse in which lived 'The Lass of Richmond Hill' was pointed out to me, past the historic ' Star and Garter' and into Richmond Pork, beneath the magnifi cent trees which adorn that great encloture. These great trees are planted bo closely together that their branches are interlaced aud form perfect bowers beneath which are Iilaced seats, mosl iuviliug retreats on a tot day, for the shade here is perfect, aud tbe prospect scarcely to be equalled, as the view takeB in mauy scenes ot beauty in the distance, and the grassy slopes upon which the graceful deer aie browsing, give a per fect picture oi r«pofe uur route tooK us through Kingston, and ov-;r a fine bridge, which here epans the Thames, and through many picturesque scenes till we arrived at last at the yates of Hampton Court Palace. This famous Palace was, as most will recollect, built originally by the great Cardinal Wolsey in 1515, and after having been magnificently decorated and furnished by him, no presented it to his tickle aud ungrateful sovereign, Henry YILI. King Henry made it his favorite abode, and it is therefore very intimately associated witb | the evcutB of bis reign. Here, in turn, that. ' monarch dwelt with his six wivee, and iu tbis Palace was boru Edward VI. Here, i to?, Mnry spent her honeymoon with ; I'hilip 11. of Spain, and Queen Elizabeth I often made her abode here, where ehe eu i tertained hor Court with the festivities I peculiar tD those times. Kings James I- ' and Charles 1- oftfii held their Court at ths Palace, and Charles II. resided there witb bis consort, M3atharine*'0f 1 Brag'atzi. A great part of tbe older portion of the palace was demolished -b/. William;. wben he assumed the Crown of England, and all tbe magnificent 8tBpe~*partto€Rite, which are now shown to visitors, weTe tfrected io the order bf that King. Hampton Court continued to be 'a Boyal residence during the reigns of William 'end ?Alary, of Anne, and of the two first Georges, but as George III. never resided there After his acoe3sion,'it beoame gradually di tided Into snites of private apartments, the right to cccupy wnfch has since that period been conferred upon the widows or families t-f those who have distinguished themselves by services to the State. The State 'Apart ments and the grounds were 'thrown open Co the public on the accession to the throne 1 of Queen Victoria, and -they Are maintained At tbe expense of the State. The parks, grounds, ;and gardens of Hampton Cottrt ; Are in themselves a considerable attraction, 1 and the exqolsite way in whifih they have ' been laid oat and the ; manner in which ; they are kept, are the theme of iiinlvera&l; admiration. In front of the great eastern entrance to the palace, upon ' the lawns beneath the windows Are eon? wonderful examples of the carpet bedding style of gardening. I have eeen many styles of this since 1 have been in Bngland. bat none to equal these. They consist of oblong beds, divided into geometrical sections, the divisions being marked by a pale lettuoe green pyrethrum or similar plant, and the sections themselves filled in with ooleust eilver foliaged And other plants) the 6olon of wbioh either harmonise Or contrast so well that an admirable carpet effect is tbe result; no flowers, but foliage plants of dwarf habit are alone used for this. Thbefe beds alternate with others of Oblong -Btape - also, bfct these are filled with foliage plants 1 alternately, the -silver foHr.gyj Tffltthlain contrasting t2icavely with deep Tich tUl^es' of'crimson geraniums in bloom; ; these again bordered by dark blue lobelias } in great dense borders, this again relieved i by golden calceolaria, and the effect of the ; whole upon the smooth velvety grass - is I lovely. Fountains pLay upon the lawna, | and artificial lakes add beauty to the scene. 1 Along tbe walls which border (he appro^h i to tbe pntranpe are trained clematis; the | rich purple and pure white blooma of ; which contrast so well with the dark l glossy green of the foliage, superb Gloire | de Dijon and other roses with all kinds of garden flowers beautify the borders, and all combine to render tbe exterior of tbe palace so attractive that the visitor is ! tempted to linger here at the expense of sacrificing time which cannot well be spared by any one who desires to do justice to all that the interior offers lor inspection. On eicher side are two terraced grassy slopes, and between these mav be teen Ion? vistas reachine to the l hames, the centre one being a shady walk cauopied over by arching boughs, tbe otherd carpeted with grass and bordered with masses of white and yellow flowers. Queen Mary's Bower to tbe right of tbese Ia formed of an avenue of trees one hundred yards long. Tbese form a perfectly arched walk, fourteen feet high it is said to be. This is reputed to have been a favorite bower in which Qaeen Mary, the consort of William III., was often wont to occupy herself ia needlework with tbe ladiee of her court, 'the great vine which is situated In a glass bouse in tbe Pond Garden is daid to be the largest in Europe, if not in the whole world. It was planted in 1768; it is of a most astonishing size, and fills the whole house in which it grows, being trained all along one side and covering that aud the entire roof; tbe size of ite etem id considerable. We saw it at a good time, as there were thousands of bunches of grapes hanging from the roof. I also saw tbe large wi«tetia vine which grows over an adjoining house. There were some blooms on thiB, bat it must look magnifi cent when in full flower. Having made as thorough a tour of the grounds as the time at my command would permit I entered tbe palace by the eastern front. The King's Great Staircase, which is the prin cipal approach to William the Third's State apartments, is profusely decorated with paintings, the walls and ceilings being covered with figures of gods and goddesses, nymphs, muses, and figures or mytho logical subjects. Tbe Guard Chamber, which is the first of the suite, is very curiously embellished with arms arranged in a most fantastic fashion. There Are 8000 weapons in the various devices. This chamber contains many pictures of historic interest, among them being Lord Anson's portrait, a huge picture of Queen Elizabeth's giant porter, whose stature was eight and a half feet, and bis hand seven teen inches long, the Colosseum at Borne by Canaleito, A wedding in Camp, and many others. We next paesed into Wiliiam the Third's first Presence Chamber, in which still hangs the Canopy of State, be neath which the monarch sat upon his chair of State. This is of orimson damask, and has at tbe back tbe arms and motto of the king. The carvings of the windows and door frames, the cornices and panels are very fine ; they were the work of Grinling Gibbons, and bave very beautifal designs of flowers and fruit in lime-wood. Between the long windows are several old fashioned mirrors in gilt frames with bevelled edges, but the gilding is now tarnished and the minors dim. A quaint silver chandelier is suspended from the ceiliog ; this has the harp, thistle, and rose upon it, and has been in its present position bince William's time. In this room is placed the famous collection of the beauties of Hampton Court in tbe time of William and Mary, painted by Sir Godfrey Kneller ; these include the portr&ite; of Lady Diana de Vc-re, Lady Mary Bentinck, the Countess erf Peterborough, Miss Pitt, the Duchess of Grafton, Margaret Lemon, the Countess of | Dorset, and other celebrities. In addition to these there are many other celebrated , picture?, one of which is an exquisite uaiuting by Da Vinci of the Infant Christ caressing ot. John, botn ngures neing re presented as infants, kissing. In the second presence chamber, which is a little larger than tbe first, are some more beau tiful carved frames to the windowB, doors, and cornieea, but tbe greatest attractions here are the magnificent paintings of Tintoretto, Titian, Yandyck, Velasquez, Correggio, and other masters. ' The Mne Muses ia Olympus,' '£sther fainting be fore Ahasuerup,' and by Tintoretto, 'tbe Mater Dolorosa' by Titian, ' Death of Lucretia' by the same master, and ' Diana and Acttcon' by Paul Veronese, are pictures from which it is hard to move away, and only the sight of so many other gems of art invite one to do so. In the King's Audience Chamber, the next of this superb suite, the walls are literally covered with rare masterpieces, a beautiful life-size portrait of tbe princess through whom our Royal Family derive their succession to the throne — Elizabeth of Bohemia, daughter of James I. — occupying the principal place above the groat fireplace. The great id asters before mentioned are represented here also, as well as many others of great repute ; one of the paintings ' Christ and the ! woman of Samaria at the Well' by Boni I fezio being rarely beautiful. Next in eue I cession comes the King's Drawing Room, also rich in rare carvings and pictures. The mamage of St. Catharine' by Paul Veronese, ' a Holy Family,' ' Madonna and Child' by Fintoretto, and numerous paerad subjects being represented here. Tbe King's State Bed-Chamber follows, and here the decorations art* very elaborate. The ceiling is paiuted by Verrio, and is considered to be done in bis best style. The designs are emblematic of sleep, showing in one part Eudvmion reposing in the lap of Morpheus, while Diana, in her crescent, admires bim ; in another part is seen Bomnus with a host of winged attendants. A State bed which was not William's, but that of Queen i Charlotte, quoea of George 111., occupies a I consideiuble space in tbis room. It is very I large, with a great canopy, the hangings being of lilac satin, exquisitely wrought witb fine flowers and scroll designs in English embroidery. Near tbe bed stands ou oid clock which goes for a whole year, but is aot no»v wound up. It bas bjen in this room tor UuO years. Tiie chiet attrac tion in this chamber is the famous collec tion of pictures by Sir Peter Lcly, repre senting the beauties of Charles the Second's court. They were formerly hung in Windsor Castle, from wbenca they were removed to Hampton Court a century ago. If these portraits are good likenesses of the originals, they were indeed most beautiful women. One is a portrait of Nell Gwyane; although some dispute the fact and clsim that it is one of Maria d'Este, but th*. »e are so mauy other celebrities, the authenticity of which portraits is not disputed that this ia of little moment to tho \isiter. One of the most refined as well as beauties faces is 1 that of Anne Hyde, Duciiees of York. The Countess of Grammont, too, has a charming | face, and Frances Brooke, afterwasds Lady ' Whitmore, was not only beautiful bat had a jsWeelly innocent expression, not easy to ' reconcile with a dissolute court Of course there are also the notorious Duchesses of Portsmouth, Cleveland, and Richmond, -as well afe the lesser stars of that galaxy, of frail And lair women. The King's dressing- \ yoom AdJ io6 this apartmeat, aim has aZsoa , gMly painted ceiling, and walls adorned . with rare paiatiugs. Then we passed ou to .the Kiug'e wrniog-closet in which a dhor in the wainscot communiba'tes with a private etair which gives access, to the jmden. The Queen (Mary's) suite of apart ments come next and resemble those ! already described, but are rather' larger, land include one very magnificent room I c^ljed the'Queen's Gallery, which is 81 feet i long and 25 feet broad. It has se ven Very j lefege windows which, like those bf all the I'rdoms, have deep recesses and window I s&ts.; ; This apartment is celebrated tor the 1 ^pestriee by which it is adorned, some of 1 which represent scenes taken from the j h|story of Alexander the Great. Pasting I fmm this gallery we enter the bedroom of Queen Anne ( the bad here Is of the .sanle description as the one before mentioned. | bjit' the draperies are of fine Bilk velvet nowerp'in- orauge nuu CiwIDCZ ® white ground. All these hangings are, of course, more or less deoayed by age, bat ; bnecan see how costly and rich tbey must have been once. A suite of chairs, stools, ud ottomans are also upholstered in tbe 'kame; material as the bed draperies. Painted Allegorical designs ornament the bailing of .thia^room* and the walls are , decorated with choice oil paintings, maiiy I of them representing sacred subjects, some , being portraits, ana others subjects from I 'Ipx^tfopy* Qwen Anne'a .Drawing-Boom I nhn alao li painting ceiling and walls ! bovered with picture^ moet of them being [psrtjoiis of. some of the Georges with I thekrWvires And 'famillefc. ! ^Very beautiful | views axe obtained from the windows here, cjiiefly of the gardens and extensive grounds, which are seen at their best from . this room. Then comes the Queen's Audience Chamber and more .pictures, Pfince of Wales, (Frederick's) Presence Chamber, his drawing-room, aud bed-room. The Queen's Private Chapel, her bath-room, and Private .Dining-room follow, end all these &re; covered with pictures of great .beauty and value. Bat when I tell you that there are a thousand pictures in tbe palace besides many large apartments which are ientirely covered with tapestry you will understand that a short account 1 like this cannot possibly convey more than a faint idea of the magnitude of the place. ; nor of the beauty of its contents. The | Great Hall was bui t by Henry VIII. Tbis I is a truly magnificent apartment, wiGh an I elaborate ceiling, high stained glatse I windows, And most beautiful tapestries, and k is considered to be the best example In existence of the decorations of the Tudor palaces. The hall was used by Henry chiefiy for great State banquets and re ceptions. 1 am not sufficiently versed in architectural technicalities to describe the style of roof, but it is certainly a feature iu itself, of great height and magnificence. Nor can I eay any more of the wonderful tapestries here, but that they illustrate the story of Hercules, the History of Abraham, the story of the Seven Deadly Sins, and oihers, and the Btory of tbe Fatal Ladies oE Destiny. The Haunted Gallery, which id not shown to the publio now, is so called because it is said to be haunted by theshriek ing ghost of Queen Catharine Howard. It I was here that she escaped from her own chamber in which 6he was confined before being sent to the Tower, and ran along to seek an interview with Henry Vlll., who was attending service in tbe royal closet of the chapel. Just as ehe reached the door, however, she was seized by the 1 guards, who removed her, and although she ecreimed loudly her hard-hearted hurbind continued his devotion, (?) as though be heard her not. In this gallery, it is euid that a female form draped in white has been eeen going towards the door of the royal closet, and then hurrying back with passes through the door of tbe gallery. The gallery id now a lumber room, and the voice of tbe Queen ie no longer heard. Time did not permit me to look at every thing of interest at Hampton Court, and 1 can therefore only allude very briefly to the things I was fortunate enough to see, for it weuldtake many days to explore and to examine thoroughly all the objects of interest here apart from the pictures, which are of so much interest that they require many visits in which to appreciate tbeir merits. After leaving Hampton Court we drove through Bushey Park, beneath its famous avenue of chestnuts, past Twickenham and on to Kew Gardens, where I spent the re mainder of tbe day. I wish I could convey to you a correct impression of these beau tiful gardens, tbe easy access to which ia by no means the least of the privileges which the residents of London may enjoy, as they are open daily to the public free of cost. Here again the luxuriant grass of the well kept lawns, shaded by the magni ficent specimens of various trees, seem to invite to tbeir cool and verdant shades the weary and promise them peace and rest. At intervale everywhere one encounters beds of flowers, sometimes in glowing masses of one color, at others different varieties mingling in apparently careless, but iu really artistic confution. How can I describe the immense green-houses and hot houses ? They are so far apart too, that it is quite on undertaking to visit them all in oue afternoon, but I managed w see all but one of them. Wonderful plants from all parts of the globe are ex hibited in these plant- houses, immense and graceful palms from South Africa, tree ferns from New Zealand and Australia, coniferae from New Caledonia, and all kinds of exotics from China, Japan, Brazil, Java, and elsewhere. The tasteful in» gennity with which all shrubs, plants, and flowers are arranged also compels admira tion. The talleet palms reach the top of the lofty houses, and the great broad leafed varieties coming beneath these exhibit their immense tan-like leaves to visitors. Crotons, rare dracenas, calladuime, and broad-leaved banana trees mingle here so that for a brief period one might fancy they were transported suddenly into the midst of a luxuriantly fertile tropical valley, the artificial heat of the atmosphere being an additional help to the illusion Lplendid pillar roses are trained at intervals throughout the houses, and giant fuchsias attain a height of eight feet or more. The taesonia, with its crimson, passion flower-like blooms covers the lnteriorof the roof and mingles its foliage with that of other plants of ecandent habit. Beautiful white eucbaris, tuberous, and other fragrant blooms fill the air with per fume. Some of the houses are perfect fairy-lands of beauty, so exquisite is the arrangement of their contents. One especially attractive one has a great mass of pyramidal shaped spikes of bloom (in pota) so arranged that the entrance looks Tike a great bank of mauve bloom, and as yoa enter you perceive similar blooms of various tints iu equal profusion. From tbe roof hang the crimson bells of a fuchsia which mi Doles its crowLh with neighbor ing climbers which again twine tbeir tendrils round the taller spikes of the [lowers which grow beneath, Mil one is lost in wonder at the beaut itul eftect which is produced. In Lhe pond-houses iu a mag nificent collection of aquatic plants of the uymphaeae order, their rich purple or white blooms making rare contrast with their waxy green foliage, as all float on tbe oool surfaoe of the pond, aud between the spaces may be seen myriads of gold fish 1 glaneing to and fro. But the greatest : sight of all is that presented by the splendid specimen of the Victoria Regia. This is on enormous oblong pond with high stone coping. Upon the water lioat the gigantic leaves which eclipse for size anything one could imagine. The leaves are perfectly round, sad have a border turned up all round in a curious fasbiin like a great sou£fl-5 case. These leaves are seven feet in diameter and there were very many of that size in the pond. In the centre floated just one bloom of the Victoria ltegia, a great flower of varying shades ol tender and delicate pink, all the more effective from its being the only one. If there had been more 1 think half the charm of the wonderful sight would bave been lost; suoh a flower should be unique. After walking through all these houses, it may ha rsadilv ounno&ad; that 1 war tint. a. litt.le tired, but 1 could not leave the gardeus without paying a brief visit to Mies j North's wonderful gallery in which are de picted by her skilful brush, specimens of ' the flora of all the climes visited by her. This is a most attractive exhibition, and one that is much appreciated by all who I vuifc it. All tbu colonies are represented, I and not only are the flowers, trees, and I shrubs portrayed, but a kind of dado of polished wood displays ell tbe vt- ri'UQ | woods produced in each, country, and this aldds^as-'maywell W supfpemea,' to'^trfe beauty and value of the collection. So great is the work done, that it seems in looking afthe pictures with their minute, careful, and accurate representation, that slothing short of a whole lifetime must have been devoted to so great an uader-' taking. In leaving Kew Gardens we passed on our way the palace which was ouce occupied by George III. during the time vthen his^rebeon was clouded. It is a l^rge, hut , unpretentious building, almost covered .with ivy. Opposite to the palace stands the church in which the obBequiee of the late Duchess of Cambridge were per formed., i, 