A Woman's Rights. CHAPTER m.-eonthmei. DABK FIGCBES ON THE CLIFF. ? ' Anil are yon going to tnnke my life a burden by jealnns frowns and imaginations in tbe future, Leipli, de«r ?' ? Arc yon going to gite me cnnse V — in alarm. 'Of course not!' — pressing his arm. ' What a suspicion*, fiery, absurd, badlo DinliRge darling' — lowering her tones, and wnn a sh«*i biutte — uuy jvii are, w oe sure !' They had not far to go after that before they reached Horlciise's house ; and, with a few wliistiernl words for him to dream OTer, and will, one kiss from her fresh red lips to seal his fetters, the girl bade her captive good-bye, and tripped indoors. Leigh turned to retrace his steps to wards Raven's Nest, dreaming over those sweet whispers as he walked, ami inking ant the little bangle to gaze on it with raptnre, nntil his musings were snddenty broken by a bond on his ami, a face ilis torted and dark with road passion thrust before him, and a voice 60 hoarse snd un natnral, that for the riiomr-nt he. did not recognise it, sayinR, hardily, 'I think you and I have a little settlement to luake now, Mr. Hhirclifl'e.' ' Ah, Vincent !' ,Tnst for a moment, ss be recognised him, pity was the first feeling in Leipli ShirclifiVs mind, lie bad won, and Vincent had last, and he could gange the pain of the loser from the joy of the winner. ' Ah, Vincent, I did not see yon ! How do you do ?' he said, offer in p a friendly honrl, at which the other laughed ns he drew hack coiitempluons'y. ' You think I nnl going to take your hand — the hnnd of a mean, cowardly, underhnnde.l, ileci- itfnl. villian like yon ? If I tcui'li you it will be to knock yon down, vein I ?:!«.?. contemptible ? ' ? Hiimi ! I think yon make a little mistake,' rep'icd Leigh, still speaking calmly. Tbe words and air of tbe other were in sulting and wild, bat he himself had felt like that iwettnp,; he understood too well to resent too much. ' I make no mistake in giving ynn your trne character. I ninl;c no mistake in thinking that yon will cringe, and fawn, and plot, and lie, to curry, favour, where a man with one spark of spirit nnnld have seen he was ridiculed and held in contempt. Yon are tuo much or a cowanl to return even this' — giving him a blow with his fist. Still ShircliBe kept his temper. With s quick movement, he anight tbe hand that slrnck him, and held it in a grasp of etcel ; but he made no attempt to return the lilnw, und his self-command irritated the other us nothing olse wonld have done. Be foamed like a madinun as he stood there. ' Give me that bracelet I saw you look ing at jnst now, yon cowanl. yon ilesn^ed, disgraced, cowardly thief'.' he liticred. ' Give it me when I command you, or I will throw yon into the sea as I would a viper or a snake ! Give me that bracelet, and yonr promise to renonnce henceforth yonr impertinent pretensions to the — to Horten6e Aiberton, or I will teach yon in one lesson what it is to dare to be my rival yon ? ' 'Would it not be better to measure yonr strength more correctly before you indulge in impotent threats?' Shirt-fiffe replied, quietly ; but hiB face was a little paler, his breath a little quickened. ' Sir. Vincent, leave this discussion for to-night. Ton are too excited to know what yon are saying. I can make every allowance for yonr present state of mind ; but you are using words you will regret in calmer nomenls. I am sorry for what has ocenr red, but ? ? ' Will yon give np Hortense Allertou V interrupted the other, his voice almost breaking into a shrink, his connleuance scarcely human in its mad rage. ' Never, except at her command!' was the slow, firm answer. 'Then, perhaps, this will make von fight, cowardl' hibsed Vincent, with a'de- terons movement snatching the hunplo out of the other's keeping, and raising his arm to hurl it into the sea; then as Leigh struggled to snatch it back, the Italian struck him again, using fierce, instilling, coarse words — such as few men conld hear, and not boil into passion nnder. The struggle waB only for a few moments, and each was too blinded to see thst they were proceeding step by step t,, the very edge of the cliff. With an exultant exclamation, followed by n smothered oath, Vincent hnrled the silver bracelet into the waves; then bis right band went into his breast, and ns he drew it-forth there wns Ihe gleam of steel. Shirclifle's eyes caught the dagger as it was raised to strike, and with concentrated strength be gave his adversary one blow that felled him to the earth. A reel backwards, a half-cry, and a heavy fall followed; then the spot was silent, save for the wail of a frightened sea-bird (hat rose and soared from itb ne6t below. CP AFTER IV. A BODT FOVSD OVER TUB CLIFFS. ?' My dear Mabel, how terrified yon look ! Have yon seen a ghost, or are yon merely bine with cold ? Come to the fire, for pity's sake !' Miss Allerton spoke petu lantly, as she moved her luxurious chair and her pretty, feet from the fire they were monopolising, and looked up from her eovel at her consul's face. ' You do look awful!' ' Hortense, have yon seen the papers this morning?1' Miss Clarence spoke, hesitatingly, and turned her face avroy from her cousin, as mechanically she nearer! the fire, and held out her hands to tbe bright, warm bluzc.' ' Of course I liuve nut. You know I never do look into them, unless there is Biijliiing Tory $&rticnlar.; Have the papers got hold of something dreadful, then, to day ?' — iuler a slight panse.-SI;:j;l ' A man was found dead here early tjlis morning, killed by a fall from over the cliffs last night.' Hortense 6hmgged her pretty shoulders. ' That is as common an occurrence as a man lwing killed on the railway. I don't know tcliy men always endanger their lives by walking on edges of cliffs, and to meet advaucing expresses; but yon can never open a paper without reading of some such horror. That is one reason iwhy I don't care to read the papers — one is always meeting with those ghastly thinen, and I hate them' — vehemently. 1 We knew this man, Hortense.' ' We knew him. Who was he, then ?' ' Victor Vincent !' Mabel spoke as if the words were wrung from her, nnd gate one quick, searching glance at her consin. Hortense started up with an exclama tion of horror, all the bright colour fading from her. ' Viuci-nt dead ? I don't believe it !' 6he gasped. ' It is true ; the whole town is talking of it. I have jnst been out, you know, and I beard it everywhere.' ' It can't be Victor. He was bo well, so strong, so bright, only yesterday. I saw him,' repeated Hurtcnse. 'It is he, dear ; there is no mistake,' said the other, with a great pity in her low tones. ' He is dead, Horlense !' I By an accident, yon say ? How could it happen, and when 7' — turning feverishly to Mabel. 'Some time Inst night— they think early in the erenirg; It might be an accident, Hnrlense; lint — bnt there is nnrsc than thnl. Thry SBy he did not fall over the cliffs. ' What ! That someone threw him ovei,-loyonmean?'sliarply. Mabel nodded. f Someone — a coast guardian, I think — passed along the cliff by that spot r.t dusk last evening, and he s-« Victor talking to someone loudly, evidently quarrelling ? ' 'Y»'?, yes; goon !' ? Hi — he did not interfere, for Iih was not a policeman ; lie said he had no right to; and, judging from the port of the quarrel that lie overheard, it was of so peculiarly a private nature that he thought they must settle it alone; hut after he passeil, he iingered at moi v little distance. After a few minnles lie heard nothing, so duonjed it was over; lint — but, Horlonse — ' Mabel feltered, and her End, dark eyes went pitifully to the listening face. ' Yes, yes ; go on ! ' cried Hortense. ' Ifyou have anytliing worse to tell, say it. 1 Iwte suspense.' ' Well,' said Mabel, suddenly turning, hiding her face on Hortense's chair, ' the man recognised the one who was quarrel ling «ith Vincent, and he says it was Leitli Bhircliffe ! ' Hortense sprang np with a Hart. ' Mabel, yon don't mean lbat they were quarrelling abont lue? ' she cried, in a wild disniny. 'Had they nny particular reason to quarrel about you just then ? ? I don't know. Oh, how can I (ell ? ' — wringing her hands. ' You always said they, would quarrel about me, and— and I had just — well, I snppose, I had just ac cepted Leigh Shirclifle. He had asked me k- marry him, anil I beliorc I had as good as said yes. ' After encouraging Vincent only one week ago, as yon did at the Dossett's ball, everyone beloved that night, Leigh in cluded, that yon intended to marry Vin cent. How mncli ol this you are respon sible for I cannot kuow ; bnt ? 'Yon are cruel — heartless — wickej,' 6aid Hortonse, passionately, 'to upbraid mo with any share in it. Even i: they did quarrel uboot me, which I don't belietv,' — wipinjr some teats stray — 'I coold not help it. I can't help being pretty and at tractive, and having gcntl, men pay me attention.' ' Yon can help playing them off one against another, nntil it ends in dealh I ' said UnUePfi low, stern voice. ' Horteii6e, I warned yon ! I 1 know you did ; and now yon are going to say yon always told me so— a great consolation to you.' whom this horri.i news does not affect one way or another, no doubt, but very niikinj to me!1— putting her pretty laced haudkercliiet to her eyes. ' Horlense,* snid Mabel, after a pnnse, 'someone ought to warn Leigh. He would listen to yon. I think.' ' Warn him ! Wlint Jo you mean ?'— raising her face, not much disfigured by grief after all. ' Tell him the suspicions — urge him to disprove them at once if he can ; if not ? it— it they are true, to fly from what may be a fearful danger.' 'How can I warn him?' asked Hor tense, helplessly. ' A letter would be—' 1 Useless ; every moment counts for perhaps life in a case like thin. Go to him — go to him secretly, instantly !' The. low, urgent words were enforced by a tight grasp on the other's arm. ' Find out from him how matters really are, and if— if, as I hope,' — the words failed in a little toll — ' there i» no need for anxiety, urge him at once to put it right ; hut— bnt if there is danger, make him fly from it. Oh, Hortense, use your n I most influence! Don't let him risk his life ! Go m once dear, [ will get yonr hat. Oh, go at once, Hortense ! ' she cried, in biealhless pleading. ? I can't,1 said Miss Allerton, shrinking back as her consin Minght to drag lior for ward,—' I can't Mabel. It can't be my business lo interfere in a matter like this. Send him a message — do anything yon like. I am too stunned, too bewildered to thiuk, even. It doea uot affect you as it does me You ten consider clearly, [i has made me quite ill, 1 decline ! I feel as if I should faint!' — raising her l«rge blue eyes in injured pathos. ' My nerves arc too delicate lo stand a fearful, horrible shock like this. Yon don't know wkatug is to have nerves, seemingly.' M ? I know what it is to have a ln»r-; which, seemingly, yon don't ! ' cried Mabel with increased vehemence. ' You talk; of yonr nerves and tbiiik of yourself at » moment like this 1 Did yon not say yon had justpromised to marry Leigh Shircifle.' ' I am sure I don't know' what I said,' said Miss Allerlon, diplomatically, and rising her hands with a pretty ' gesture of distress. 'This shock bas destroyed my memory, I think. It all seems. bewilder- nieul and horror.1 ' You can remember if yon love him — yon can think if bis life is of tbe faintest value to yon now,' said Mabel, passionately. 1 1 don't believe it is in one degree of danger. Of course it is not. I wonld he altogether to dreadful to be true,' said Hortenne, recovering a little. ' That coastguard man made a mistake, or if Leigh did quarrel, he did uot throw Vin cent over. Gentlemen don't do such things as that. Of course. Leigh can disprove it all with one word. Why, that man you said owned that the quarrel had ceased before he left the place.' ' Yonr memory tins not entirely gone, it seems,' — dryly. ' You are capable of more than you think, Horlense. Will you make no effort, take no step to save the life of the man you lore?' ' You want mo to do such a wild, un lady-like, nimsnal thing. I can't. I do not believe that Leigh is tn the slightest danger, Mabel. If Vincent were killed, it was by some tramp for bis money or his valuables.' ' No j that is impossible. Watch, rings, money, everything of vnlne, is 'on him now. It was not robbery that prompted the crime. Hortense,1 — bending close to her, and spenkin? in a strained, harsh whisper, — 'L'igh's life is in awful danger. Unless you wish to have his death at yonr door also, go and try the only means to save him. ' You drive me mad ! How dare yon say snch wicked, dreadful things «s that dentils nre at my door ? . I tell yon I can. not, will not interfere in' this dreadful business. I should faint if I went ont of doors and heard a word of it. And — nnd' — drawing back now, and turning really white, while a 6acred look came into her lovely eyps — ' if — if he has done il, Mabel, as you seem to think, I dare not speak or look at Leigh. I dare not. Oh, send him a message iiy someone else I' — pitiably. Miss Clarence gave up her pleading then as hopeless, though she did not give up her anxious endeavours to 6avc the mau in whom she took so vital an interest — her — her heart alone knew why. ' If I go in your place, Hortense, will you give me leave lo use yoor nmnp as I like in my pleadings ?' she asked, quickly. ' Oh, yes ! Ray whatever yon like about me. Yes, yon go, Mabel dear — yon are the very person — you, with steady nerves and clean judgment, and brave strength. Go, by all means, and urge him to leave the country. I think that will be the best and only thing, for a time, at any rale. Say I urge it, Mabel.1 ' To fancy that men should fight, and snffer, and run risks worse than death for such a heartless woman as that!' said Mabel, bitterly to heraelf, as she left the room ; and hurrying iip- stnirs, put on ber walking ntlire am! left the house. She took the most unfrequented way to Raven's Nest, and lnckily encountered no one on her journey thither. Her one hope all the way was that she might find the place empty — that Leigh might have lieard the whispers, and fled while there was lime. The hope vanished when, in answer lo her riiiL' at the bell, the lootiuaii saiil his i master n;is ai hoi»c-, anil she was ushered I into the sindy whirrc Lcij:b filiircliffe sal writing. CHAPTER V. SHinCLlFF's PROMISE TO MI6B MABEL. Leigh Shircliffe looked np at his visitor's entrance with surprise ; then her agitation anil pnllor struck him with alarm as she adranceil silently, and starling op to meet her, )i» said, ' 1* niiyiliingihe matter, Miss Clarence ? Horlense, your cousin ? ' ' -\:» is qiiile well ; she has sent me to yon.' i.:,!i..d Mabel, waiting until the servant .had shut the door, and thinking how ilwp tin- love was that thooeht of its nlijwt, rr'L'imlicss of any thonght of per sonal danger. How different his love was from Horli-iise's ! ' Thi-n ihr-re is something the matter, if she ha6 sent you I' he repeated. ' There is something the matter, but not with her. She is perfectly well. But you have lieard the shocking news, of course, Mr. Shircliffe ?' she faltered. ' No,' he said, looking nt her inquiringly. 'Yon have a newspaper!' she said, desperately. Then seizing it, and reading the title, ' Ah I it is only a London one ; il is not in there yet. Yon have not seen a local paper to-day'?' ' ' No ; 1 have seen nothing and no one. I haiehein engrossed in business since I received u telegram early this morning call ing me over into France, for some little time, perhaps. I have to start soon,' glancing at bi6 watch ; ' in fact I had jnst ordered my KJog-cart, and was intending to call at your house on my war lo catch the twelve o'clock train... Mabel drew a deep breath. Her visit, her warning were scarcely needed, after all ; he was going, his own preparations were cleverly made, und perlmiiB she had better say no word of her real 'errand now. ' But,' — and she Ihrned away her face for a moment, and pressed her baud lo her heart us she recolleited — 'is this apparent unconsciousness, and bis premeditated flight, a sign of guilt ? ' What jb the shocking newR, Miss Clarence ? ' Shircliffe asked, but with little anxiety in his tune. He was busy looking over his papcis as they lay scatters! hdorp him, ii. mI Mabel had assmeii. I,im -!-,.! Horlense was perfectly well. ' Ob, lievei mind ! ' she said hurriedly. ' You are going across to France, do you say, and yon will remain there bow long? ' Net longer than I cap possibly help I ' with a flashing Gwect smile, , .' But it is a tedious businoss, and may detain me. ' Yes I see. You are going there as quickly as possible*? ?As speedily ' as traio and boat will take me. 1 hare to be in Paris to-morrow ! Shall I find your cousin' at home if I call there for a niinule, presently ? ' he. added. ' No, no ! you must not go there. . She — she. sent me to ask yon to promise not to call on her, Mr. Shircliffe,' — rising aud coming a step nearer t6 him. ' There is something the matter. Miss Clarence, I beg you to tell me what it is at once.' ' It is only this,' she replied, meeting his disturbed glance with ber own imploring one—' she wants you to promise to grant her a favour now, before yon know what it is, to prow your love for her,' — desperately. ' My love needs no proving. I do not quite understand yon,' — looking at her as if donbting ber sauity. 1 She wants a proof. If you love ber yon will give this promise ; it in such a little thing. How can you hesitate ? ' I will give it in an instant when I know what I am required to give.' * . . ' Mr. Shircliffe, have you no trust at all ? Won't yon bind yourself to do anything for her before you understand everything about il? Hortense merely wants yon to promise now to do something she wishes jon (most particularly, and for the sake of both your and her happiness) to do.' * I promise ! ' he said, after a moments hesitation. ' Now tell me what this mys tery is ? ' Bnt before Mabel conld answer, the door opened, and Leigh's old housekeeper came in, too excited to notice Mabel's presence. ' Oh, la, sir !' she began ; ' have you heard the news ? The baker has just told me, and he declares it is true. There was a poor gentleman killed last night — thrown over the cliffs. The first murder that has been done here for years, and they say il is the very gentleman that yon brought home to dinner with you only last week: so. dark and good-looking and affable he was, though a bit bangbty-like in his manner, perhaps. To think that he sat at that very table, and now be i6 dead, and they can't find ont who has done it.' ' Victor Vincent dead ?' Shircliffe uttered the words in a tone of consternation, looking from tbe incoherent Mrs. Baits to Mabel for conformation of the awful news. * Yes,' she said, looking at him, fixedly; ' he was thrown over the cliffs last night. * Over the cliffs ? Whereabouts ? He is killed — dead — yon say V ' Dead as can be, poor yonng geutlnnan, all dashed about, and with marks of violence upon him,' chimed in Mrs. Batls, with that smootbered satisfaction many people display in telling particulars of a tragedy. 'They picked him up this rooming, and there is a hue and cry all over the place for the assassin. ' Tell Jones I sball not want my dog cart this morning. Or, stop; tell him to wait a moment, and I will send him a telegram,' said Leigb, turning to his table and taking np a pen. But Mabel seized his arm as she spoke in a hurried whisper, ' Are yon mad ? What insane change is this ? Remember you have promised. You must go at once. ' I promised ? ' ' To grant HortcnBe's request, and it is I bat yon leave England immediately. Mow you know the reason.' 'Leave ns, pleuse, Mrs. Batts; Miss Clun-uce and I have a little bnBiness to talk over,' said Leigh, turninir quietly to ilie honsi'keeper. And when she had l.'ft the room, he said, with agitation, ' Explain, Miss Clarence, if you please. What is the reason for this most extra ordinary request ?' ' You have promised,' she repeated, still grasping his arm, thongh she kept her face tnrned away. ' You cannol hreak it if you are a man of honour. You must grant Hortense's request ' But why bas she made this peculiar request ?'— sternly. ' Yon know,' — half inandibly. ' No, or I should not ask.' 1 Yon mnst go for a time ; everything looks so black against yon,' she cried, vehemently. ' Until the truth is fonnd ont, and — and the clouds have cleared away, yon must keep away. Think what it will be for — for all of ns — for her you love— if you slay — the scandal aud misery of a trial, for you quarrelled about her, you know. For her sake you must avoid that. ? j She did not see tbe look that swept over his face ; she only heard the stern tones as he said, ? In plain English, yon are accusing me of the death of Victor Vincent !' ' I am not acensing you. I only say that all the evidence is dead againBt you, and— and forHorUnse's sake ? ? ' We will put hortense bnt of the quos tion just new. What evidence is dead against me ? . ' You werejseen and heard qarrelling with him on (he very spot below which he was fonnd. Yon were known to have the strongest cause for qnarrelling— jealonsy; and — aud no other motive could have led to the -death, for do robbery has been committed. ' ' . ' fio you think I murdered him ? Does she think tbe same 7' Mabel tried to speak, but only an in coherent sound escaped ber. 'And, in the face of snch suspicion as thai, you- ask me to fly — to brand my name with cowardice and guilt for ever ? ?You have promised !'— . You cannot break yonr word ! You must release me from the promise. '1 will not. Yon Bhall. not run this fearful risk, and drag us all down to awful misery ! We — we cannot bear it I' — sinking her bead in her handB as her tones faltered and broke. (To be continued.) I 