T H E SIGN OF FOUR. T H E CHAPTER HI. I2T O.TJE3X OF A. EOiUTIOX. (BY A. Cceus Dotes.) It was half-past 5 before Isolates returned, -tie 'was bright, eager, and in excellent Epirite,—a mood "which in Ida case alternated with fits of the blackest depression. " There is no great mystery in this matter," he said, taking' the cop of tea which I liad poured out for him '* Hie facts appear to admit of only one explanation." •'What! you have solved it already?" " Well, that would be too much to say. I Slave discovered a suggestive fact, that is alL It is, however, eery suggestive. The Jfitails axe still to be added. I have just on consulting the back files of The Timet, that Major Siiolto, of Upper Norwood, late of the 34th Bombay Infanfay, died upon Hie 28th of April, 1882." " I may be very obtuse, Holmes, bat I "fail to see what this suggests." "NoF Ton surprise me. Look at it in tills way. then. Captain Morstan disappears. "TOle only person in London. whom he could have visited is ilajor Sholto. Major Sholfco denies having heard that he was in London. Four years later Sholto dies. fFUhin a week of his death Captain Morstan's daughter receives a valuable present, which is repeated from year to year, and now culminates in a letter which describes her as a wronged •woman. What wrong can it refer to except this deprivation of her father? . And why shonld the presents begin immediately after Sholto's death, unless it is that SJrolto'a heir faum something of the mystery and desires to make compensation ? Have you any altemative theory which will meet the facts?" " Bat what a etrange compensation! And Itowetxangelymade! Why, too, should he •write a letter now, rather than six years ago? Again, the letter speaks of giving her justice. What justice can she have? It is too much to suppose that her father is still alive. There is no other injustice in her case that you know of." 4 4 There ate difficulties; there are certainly difficulties,"' said Sherlock Holmes, pensively. " But our expedition of to-night •will solve them alL Ah, here is a fourwheeler, and Miss Morstan is inside. Are you all ready? Then we had better go down, for it is a little past the hour." I picked up my hat and my heaviest stick, but 1 observed that Holmes took his revolver from his drawer and dipped it into his pocket. It was clear that he thought our night's work might be a serious one. Miss Morstan was muffled in a dark cloak, ami her sensitive face was composed, but pale. She must have been more than woman if she did not fed some uneasiness at the strange enterprise upon which we were embarking, yet her self-control was perfect, and she readily answered the few additional qnestioss -which Sherlock Holmes put to her. " Major Sholto was a very particular friend of papa's," she said. "His letters were fall of allusions to the major. He and papa were in command of the fcoops at the Andaman Islands, so they were thrown a great deal together. By die way, a curious paper was found in papa's desk which no ona could undostand. I don't suppose that it is of the slightest importance, but I thought you might care to see it,BO I brought it with me. It is here." . Holmes unfolded the paper carefully and smoothed it out upon his knee. He then very methodically examined it all ova; with his double lens. "ft is paper of native TmWmi manufacture," horemarked. " It has at some time been pinned to a board. He diagram upon it appears to be a plan of part of a large building, with numerous halls, cotridors, and passages. At one point is a email croea done in red ink, and above it is '3.37 from left," in faded pencil writing. In the lefthand comer is a curious hieroglyphic like fcttr crosses in a line with their arms touching. Beside it is written, In very rough and rfmmrf.nij ' The sign of the four,— •Jonathan Small, Mahomet Singh, AKflnlMi jlSjn^M^n^: JJojIoonSoBB Ido »&t;«e now this bears upon the matter. Set it is evidently a document of importance. It has been kept carefully in a pocket-book j for thfj one tide is as clean as the other."' "It -was in his pocket-book thai -we found it" "Preserve it carefully then, Miss Morstan, for it may prove to be of use to ub. I begin to Buspecc that this matter may turn out to be much deeper and more subtle than I at first supposei I must reconsider my ideas.' He leaned back in the cab, and I could see by his drawn brow and his vacant eye that 3ie was thinking intently. "MTiwg Morstan and I chatted in an undertone about our present expedition and its possible outcome, but our companion maintained impenetrable reserve until the end of our journey. It -was a September evening, and not yet 7 -o'clock, but the day had been a dreary one, atfl a dense, drizzly fog lay low upon the great city. Mud-coloured clouds drooped sadly over the muddy streets. Down the Strand the lamps were but misty splotches of diffused light which threw a feeble circular glimmer upon the slimy pavement yellow glare from, the shop- ' -windows' streamed out into the steamy, •vaporous air, and threw -a murky, shifting ' radiance across the crowded thoroughfare. There was, to my mind, something eerie and ghost-like in the <*ndl«an procesaon of faces which flitted across these narrow bars of light —Bad faces and glad, haggard and merry. Tflw all human land, they flitted from the gloom into the light, and BO back into the gloom tmce more. I am not subject to impressions, but the dull, heavy evening, -with the etrange business upon w hich we were Engaged, combined to wm*Va me nervous and dqiressed. I could see from Miss Morstan's manner was suffering from the feeling. Holmes alone could rise superior to petty influences. He held his open notebook upon his knee, and from time to time he jotted down figures and memoranda in the .- light of his pocket- lantern. At the Lyceum Theatre the crowds were already thick at the side- entrances. Tn fount a continuous stream of "four-wheelere were rattling up, discharging- ; thfSr cargoes of 6hirt-fronfced men and be- , shawled, be- diamonded women. We had Juadly reached tiie third pillar, which wis •nrrendezvous, before a umiJl, datk,brisk. '' main' in the dress of a coachman aocoatcd iib. "Are you the parties who come withHlf* aEjjpstan/* he asked. • _;'•."• "I amMiss Morstan, and these two gedHemen are my friends," said tpfce. , TTb heat a pair of wonderfully penetrating iaigmriiiffniiig eyes upon os.- " You will 'lextaise me, miss,*? he^eaid, with a certain •dogged manner, " but I was to ask yon to give me your word that neither of your compcuioiiB is a police-officer." *> I give you my word on that," she .-• -Uegave arfirill whistle, on whlch a fltzofit Arab led across a four-wheeler and opened the door. The man who had addressed r ns mounted to the box, while we tttdi our places inside. We had hardly done bo £e£ore the driver whipped up his horse^-and we plunged away at.a furious pace through the foggy streete.; ' lie situation was a curious one. We "Vgae t driving to an 'unknown place, on an Unknown <emmd. Yet onr * invitat&mtf; was, jjffiffiiera compile' hoax,—which wosanln- *%£pbeivable hypotheas,—or else we had good • raifoa to -that important issues might liang-tapon'our journey. Miss Morstan's de-; meaner-wag as resolute and collected as evfer. I endeavoured to cheer and i»»n»"w her by of my adventures in myself, e o ^ ^ o ^ enriops nt to our destination that my Jrcte slightly involved. Tb thudi^. declares that I told her one movrag amendote as to how a musket looked |qj» tvtjtE^afljia^ nignts^piiaowffj&aia;* ngercubotit. At first I had some idea as to the direction in which-we arece driving; bat soon, what with oar tfte fogi r Xmdan, r S T my beanngB, nothing, save that ~ ' •mrlomrwBj. « mt fanlt, however, and he mntteced the as the cab rattled through squares and in and out by tortuous by-streets. " Iioshester Bow," said he. " Now Tincent square. Now we come out on tbe Vauxhall Bridge road. We are making for the Surrey side, apparently. Yes, I thought so. Now we are on the bridge* You can catch glimpses of the river." We did indeed tret a fleeting view of a stretch of the Thames with the lamps shining upon the broad, silent water; but our cab dashed on, and was soon involved in a labyrinth of streets upon the other side. " Wordsworth road," said my companion. "Priory road. Lark-hall lane. Stockwell place. Robert street. Cold Harbour lane. Our quest does not appear to take us to very fashionable regions." We had, indeed, reached a questionable and forbidding neighbourhood. Long lines of dull brick houses were only relieved by the coarse glare and tawdry brilliancy of public-houses at the corner. Then came rows of two-storied villas, each with a fronting cf miniature garden, and then again interminable lines of new staring- bride buildings,—the monster tenades which the giant city was throwing out into the country. At last the cab drew up at the third house in a new terrace. None of the other houses were inhabited, and that at which we stopped was as dark as its neighbours, save for a single glimmer in the kitchen window. _ On our knocking, however, the door was instantly thrown open by a Hindoo servant clad in a yellow turban, "white loose-fitting clothes, and a yellow sash. There was something strangely incongruous in frhia Oriental figure framed in the common-place door-wav of a third-rate suburban dwelling-house. " Tbe Sahib awaits you,'" said he, and even as he spoke there came a high piping voice from eome inner room. " Show them in to me, khitanutg&r;," it cried. "Show them straight in to me." CH- APIEB IV. THE BT3ST OF BA£D-HEiDBD JUS*. We followed the Indian down a sordid and common passage, ill lit and worse furnished, until he came to a door upon the right, which he threw open. A blaze of yellow light streamed oat upon us, and in the centre of the glare there stood a small man with a very high head, a bristle of red hair all round the fringe of it, and a bald, shining scalp which shot out from among it line a mountain-peak from firtrees. He writhed his hands together as he stood, and his features were in a perpetual jerk, now smiling, now scowling, but never for an instant in repose. Nature had given Mm a pendulous lip, and a too viable line of yellow and irregular teeth, which he strove feebly to conceal by constantly passing his hand over the lower part of his face. In spite of Ms obtrusive baldness, he gave the impression of youth. In point of fact he had just turned his thirtieth year. " Your servant, Miss Morstan," be kept repeating, in a thin, high voice. " Your servant, gentlemen, fray step into my little eanctum. A Email place, miss, but furnished to my own liking. An oasis of art In the howling desert of South London." We were all astonished by the appearance of the apartment into which he invited us. In that sorry house it looked as ou of place as a diamond of the Gist water in a setting- of brass. The richest an glossiest of curtains and tapestry draped the walls, looped back here and there to expose some richly-mounted painting or Oriental vase. The carpet was of amber and black, so soft and so thick that the foot sank pleasantly into it, as into a bed of moss. Two great tiger eldns thrown athwart it increased the suggestion of English luxury, as did a huge hookah which stood upon a mat in the corner. A lamp in the fashion of a silver! dove was hung from an almost invisible golden, wire in the centre of the room. As it burned it filled the air with a subtle and aromatic odour. "Mr. Thaddeus Sholto,'' said the little man, still jerking and smiling, "That is my name. You are Miss Morstan, of course. And these gentlemen " " This ia Hr. Sherlock Holmes, fhis Dr. :fbtauu" * f * A aocbor. Al" cried he, imndi ensML " Have youyour stethoscope ? Might I ask you—would you have the kindness ? I have grave doubts as to my mitral valve, if you would be go very g-ood- The aortic I may rely upon, bnt I should value your opinion upon the mitraL" I listened to his heart, as requested, but was unable to find anything amiss, save, indeed, that he was in an ecstacy of fear, for he shivered from head to foot.. " It appears to be normal," I said. " You have no cause for uneasiness." " You will excuse my anxiety, Miss Morstan," he remarked, airily. "lama great sufferer, and I have long had snspiiions as to the valve. I am delighted to hear that they ate unwarranted. Had your father. Miss Morstan, refrained from throwing a strain upon his heart, he might have been alive now." I could have struck the man across the face, so hot was I at this callous and off-hand reference to so delicate a matter. Miss Morstan sat down, and her face grew white to the lips. "I knew in my heart that he was dead,"' said she. " I can give you every information," said he, " and, what is more, lean do you justice; and I will, too, whatever Brother Bartholomew may say. I am so glad to have your friends here, not only as an escort to you, but also as witnesses to what I am about to do and say. The three of ns can show a bold front to Brother Bartholomew. But let ns have no outsiders, no police or officials. We can settle everything satisfactorily among ourselves without any interference. Nothing would annoy Brother Bartholomew more than any publicity." He sat down on a low settee and blinked at us inquiringly with his weak, watery blue eyes. "For my part," said Holmes, "whatever you may choose to say will go no further." I nodded to show my agreement. "That is well! That is well!" said he. " May I offer you a glass of Chianti, Miss Morstan? Or of Tokay? I keep no other wines. Shall I open a flaskT No? Well, thai, I bust that you have no objection to tobacco-smoke, to the mild balsamic odor of the Eastern tobacno. I am a little nervous, and I find my hookah an invaluable sedative." He applied a taper to the great bowl, and the smoke bubbled merrily through the rose-water. We ; tat all three in a pemiciDcle, with our hcads advanced, and onr chins upon our hands, while the strange, jericy little fellow, with his high, shining head, puffed uneasily in the oentne. " When I first determined to make this communication to you," said he, " I might have given you my address, bnt I feared that you might disi^gaid my request and oring unpleasant people with you. I took file liberty, therefore, of making an appointment in such a way that mv man W' 11 **^ might be able to see youfirst. I have complete confidence in his discretion, and he had ordees,if he were dissatisfied, to proceed no further in the mutter. You will excuse these precautions, )iut I am a man of somewhat nliring, and I might even say refined, tastes, and there is nothing mort untesthetic than a policeman. I have a natural dnintring from •all forms of rough materialism. I seldom come in contact with the rough crowd. I live, as you fcee, jsrith some little atmosphere of clega&oe; around me. Iniay call mjsdfs patron of the arts. It is my weakness. «jQie landscape is'l&frenuine; Corut, and, though a connoisseur migro perhaps throw a doubt ttpon that Salystor Kosa, there cannot be the lead; question about the Bouguereau. I am JEMMito Ae modern Stanch school." ITpuwin excuse me, Mr. Sholto," said v ^ T ftis verr l*b£w>d][ iihnAa^ ^interi$ewjfcobema Aortjas possible" . "At die befitit miuttahe eome time," he tholomew.' We shall all go and try i -we caagetthe better at Brother Bartholoipe wjuuKin? seejnoakTjgnt to me. I words with him last night, i^b&fe.;^vhat a terrible fellow he is whenhe is angiy." "It We are to go to Norwood it would peihaps be as well to start at onoe," I ventured to remark. Se laughed until his ears were quite red. "That would hardly do," he cried. "I don't know what he would say if I brought you in that sudden way. No, I mast prepare you by showing you how we all stand to each other. In the first place, I must tell you that, there are several points in the' stay of which I am myself ignorant, I can only lay the facte before you as far as I know them myself. " My father was, as you mav have guessed, Major John Sholto, once of the Indian army. He retired some eleven years ago, and came to live at Pondicheny Lodge in Upper Norwood. Ho had prospered in India, and brought back with hha a considerable sum of money, a latge collection of valuable cariosities, and a staff of native servants. With these advantages he bought himself a house and lived in great luxury. My twin-brother Bartholomew and I were the only children. "I very well remember the sensation which was caused by the disappearance of Captain Morstan. We read the details in the papers, and, knowing that he had been a friend o'f our father's, we discussed the case freely in Ms presenoo. He used to join In our speculations as to what could have happened. Never for an instant did we .suspect that he bad the whole secret hidden in his own breast—that of all men he alone knew the fate of Arthur Morstan. "We did know, however, that eome mystery—some positive danger—overhung our father. He was very fearful of going out alone, and he always employed two prize-fighters to act as porters at Pondicherry Lodge. 'VjilLiams, who drovo you tonight, was oneof theni. He-was once-lightweight champion, of England. Our father would never tell us what it was he feared, but he had a most marked aversion to men with wooden legs. On one occasion he actually fired his revolver at a wooden- legged man, who proved to be a harmless tradesman canvassing for orders. We had to pay a large sum to hush the matter up. My brother and I used to think this a men whim of my father's, but events have since led us to change our opinion. " Early in 1882 my father received a letter from India, which was a areat shock to him. He nearly fainted at the breakfast-table when he opened it, and from that day he sickened to his death. What was in the letter we could never discover, but I could see as he held it that it was short, and written in a scrawling hand. He had suffered for years from an enlarged spleen, but he now became rapidly worse, and towards the end of April we were ininformed that he was beyond-all hope, and that he wished to make a last communication to ns. "When we entered his room he was propped up with, pillows and breathing heavily. He besought us to lock the door and to come upon either side of the bed. Then, grasping our hands, he mads a remarkable statement to us, in a voice whioh was broken as much by emotion as by pain. I shall try and give it to you. in his own very words. '"I have only one thing," he said, " which weighs upon my mind at this supreme moment. It is my treatment of poor Morstan's t orphan. The cursed agreed which has been my besetting sin through life has withheld d from her the treasure, half at least of which should have been hers. And yet I have made no use of it myself—so blind and foolish a tiling is avarice. The mere feelii of possession has been so dear to me that 1 could not bear to share it with another. See that chaplet tipped with pearls beside the quinine bottle. jSven that I could not bear to part with, although I had got it out with the design of sending it to her. You, my sons, will give her a fair share of the Agra treasure. But send her nothing-, not even the chaplet—until I am gone. After all, men have boen as hod as this and have recovered. I will tell you how Morstan, died,' he continued. * He had suffered for years from a weak heart, but he concealed it from every one. I alone knew it. When in India, he and I, through a remarkable chain of tircumstanoes, camo into.poeaesaion of a considerable treasure. X brought it-over to England, and on the night of" Morstan's arrival he came straight over here to -claim his share. He walked over from the station, and was admitted by my faithful old Lai Chowdar, who is now dead. Morstan and I had a difference of opinion as to the division of the treasure, and we came to heated words. Morstan had sprung out of his chair in a paroxysmof auger, when he suddenly pressed his hand to his side, his face turned a dusky hue, and he fell bickvatds, cutting his bead against the corner of the treasurechest. When I stooped over him I found, to my honor, that he was dead. "'For a long time I sat half distracted, wondering what I should do. My first im pulse was, of course, to call for assistance; but I could not but recognise that there was every chance that I would be accused of his murder. His death at the moment of a quarrel, and the gash in his head, would be black against me. Again, an official inquiry could not be made without bringing out some facts about the treasure, which I was particularly anxious to keep secret. He had told me that no soul upon earth knew where he had gone. There seemed to be no necessity why any soul ever should know. "' I was still pondering over the matter when, looking up, I saw my servant, Lil Chowdar, in the doorway. Hie stole in and bolted the door behind him. " Do not fear, Sahib," he said. " No one need know that you have lolled him. Let us hide him away, and who is the wiser"r" "I did not kill him," said I. Lai Chowdar shook his head and smiled. "I heard it ell, Sahib," said he. " I heard you quarrel, and I heard tbe blow. But my lips are sealed. All are asleep in the house. Let us put him away together." That was enough to decide mo. If my own servant could not believe my innocence, how oould I hope to make it good before twelve foolish tradesmen in a jurybox! Lai Chowdar and I disposed of the body that night, and within a few days the London papers were full of the mysterious disappearance of Captain Morstan. You will see from what I say that I can hardly be blamed in the matter. My fault lies in the fact that we concealed not only the body, but also the treasure, and that I have clnng to Morstan's share as well as to my owu. I wish you, therefore, to make nestibitum. Pot yoar •ears down to my znoothT' The treasure is Mddsn in - — A t this instant a horrible change cime over his expression; his eyes etarad wildly, hie jaw dropped, and he yelled, in-a voice which X can never forget, » Keep him out! For Christ's sake, keep him out We both stared round at the window behind us upon which his gaze was fixed. A face was looking in at us out of the darkness. We oould Bee the whitening «f the nose where it was pressed against the glass. It was a bearded, baity face, with wild, cruel eyes, and an expression of concentrated malevolence: My brother and I rushed towards the window; but the man Was gone. When we returned to my father his head had dropped and his pulse had ceased to beat. We searched the garden -that night, but found no tign of the intruder, save - mat just under the window a single- footmark was visible in the flower-bed. But far that ona trace, we might have thought that our imaginations had conjured up that wild, fierce faoe. We eoon, however, had another and a more striking proof that there were' secret agencies at work all round us. The Window of my father's room was found open, in the morning, his cupboards and boxes bad been rifled, and upon his chest " waa fixed "» torn piece of paper with the words 'The sign of tbe four* scawlei across it. m»t the phrase meant, or who our secret visitor may have been, wa never knew. As'far as we can judge, none of my father's property bad been, actually etolen/thoagh evSySini tad been turned out. My brother^nd I naturally associated tins peculiar Incident With the fearwhi&hamitedmyfatherdnring; IfabSfe; but it is stai a complete notary f The liti£ tnMsfcoppeS to reS^it his hookah and puffed thoigblfnlly for^ Wwomebte. We-had fell fiat absorbed, listening 1>6 his «X> ttartdinasy itStrattve. At thefhort aeoOunt •of. tender's death Hte^'JIBftbfe'ikd ''fladUvWiii* ^ tx'UWnuUlFl that ehe was about to faint. She rallied, however, on drinking a glass of water which I quietly poured out for her from a Venetian carafe upon the sidetable. Sherlock Holmes leaned back in his chair with an abstracted expression, and the lids drawn low over his glittering eyes. As I glanced at him I could not but think how on that very day he had complained bitterly of the commOnplaoeness of life. Here at least was a problem which would tax his sagacity to the utmost. Mr. Thaddeus Sholto looked from one to the other of ns with an obvious pride at the effect which his story had produced, and then continued, between the puffs of his oveigrown pipe. " My brother and I," eaid he, ''were, as you may imagine, much excited as to the treasure which my father hod spoken of. For weeks and for months we dug and delved in every part of the garden, without discovering its whereabouts. It was maddening to think that the hiding-place was on his very lips at the moment that he died. We could judge the splendour of the rniaxing riches by the chaplet which he had taken oat Over this chaplet my brother Bartholomew and I had some little discussion. The pearls were evidently of great value, and he was averse to part with them, for, 'between friends, my toother was himself a little inclined to my father's fault. He thought, too, that if we parted with the chaplet it might give rise to gossip, and finally bring us into trouble. It was ell that I could do to persuade him to let me find out Miss Morstan's address, and send her a detached pearl at fixed intervals, BO that at least she might never fed. destitute." - - "It was a kindly thought»".-*«aia our companion, earnestly. "It was extremely goodofyou." The little man waved his Kand deprecatingly. " We were your trustees," he said. "That was the view which I took of it, though Brother Bartholomew could not altogether see it in that foht. We had plenty of money ourselves. I desired no more. Besides, would have been such bad taste to hare treated a young lady in so scurvy a fashion. * Le maucaifs gout utmie an crime. The TYench hare a very neat way of _ putting these things. Oar difference of opinion on this subject went so far that I thought it best to set up rooms for myself; so I left Pondicherry Lodge, taking the old fchitmutgar and Williams -with me. -Yesterday, however, I learn that an event ofextreme importance has occurred. The treasure has been discovered. I instantly communicated with Miss Morstan, and it only remains for ns to drive out to Norwood and demand Our share. I explained my views last night to Brother Bartholomew; so we shall be expected, if not welcome, visitors.*' Mr. Thaddeus Sholto ceased, and sat twitching on his luxurious settee. We all remained silent, with our thoughts upon the new development which the mvsterious business had taken. Holmes was tke first to spring to bis feet. " Yon have done well, sir, from first to last," said he. " It is possible that we may be able to make you eome email retain by throwing some light upon that -which is still to yon. But, as Miss Morstan remarked just now, it is late, and we had bes' put the matter through without delay. Our new acquaintance very deliberately coiled np the tube of his hookah, and produced from behind a curtain a very long be&ogged; top-coat with Astrakhan collar and cuflsT This he buttoned tightly np, in spite of the extreme closeness of the night, and finished his attire by putting on a rabbit-skin cap with hanging lappets which covered the ears, so that no part of him was visible Bave his mobile and peaky face. " My health is somewhat fragile," he remarked, as he led the way down the passage. " I am compelled to be a valetudinarian." Our cab was awaiting us outside, and our - programme was evidently pre-arranged, for/ the driver started off nt once at a .rapid pace. Thaddeus Sholto talked incessantly, in a voice which rose high abive the ratue.of the' wheels. " Bartholomew is a clever fellow," said he. '' How do you think he found out where the treasure wasf He had come to.tjfe ooiidu- «iou that it was somewhere ia-doora; so. he worked out all the cubic space of the house, and measurements everywhere* bo that not one inch should be unaccounted for Among other things, he found that the height of the building was seventy-fonr feet but on adding together the heights of all the separate rooms, and making every allowance for the space between, which be ascertained by borings, he could not bring the total to more than seventy feet. There were four feet unaccounted for. These could only be at the top of the building. He knocked a hole, therefore, in the lath - and -plaster ceiling of the highest room, and there, sore enough, he came upon another little garret above it,, which had been sealed up, and was known to no one. In the centre stood the treasure- resting upon two rafters. He lowered -chest, it through die hole, and there it lies. He computes the value of the jewels at not less than half a million sterling. At the mention of this gigantic sum we all stared at one another open-eyed. Miss Morstan, could we secure her rights, would change from a needy governess to the richest heiress in England. Surely it was the place of a loyal fneud to rejoice at such news; yet I am ashamed to say that selfishness took me by the soul, and. -that, my heart turned as heavy as lead within me. I stammered out some few halting words of congratulation, and then sat downcast with my head drooped, deaf to the babble of our new acquaintance. He was clearly a con- firmed hypochondriac, and I was dreamily conscious that he was pouring forth interminable trains of symptoms, and imploring information as to the composition and action of innumerable quack nostrums, some of which he bore about in a leather case in his pocket. I trust that he may not remember any of the answers which I gave . him that night. Holmes declares that he overheard caution him against the great danger of taking more than two drops of castor oil, while I recommended strychnine in large doses as a sedative. However that may be, I was certainly relieved when our cab pulled up with a jerk and the coa*.hman sprang down to open the door. "This, Miss Morstan, is Pondicherry Lodge," said Mr. Thaddeus Sholto, as he handed her out. wo B* aovnscBD.) 