BTBAY SJPABSZS. An American paper calla Henniker Heaton a ' typioal Australian equatter.' There are rumours abroad tihat we shall soon have a Coalition Ministry. Goahtion Ministries, as a rule, end in gas and smoke. The Vatican library consists of 50,000 printed books and 25,000 manuscripts, the latter being principally Greek. Latin, and Oriental. ' 'Bishop Ardill, of the Blue Eibbon Brigade,' ia what John Haynes calls the professional philanthropist, who certainly makea an amateurish attempt to look the parson. $ Jingo Patterson, the Victorian Abigail, says tho strike is ' all on account of the Murphys.' Does he include Sir Francis ' o' that ilk/' a Victorian identity ? Let them talk no more of Chinese cheap labour. The favourite editor of the Chinese organ in New Tork is said to make about £4, a day. Few N. S. Walea editors get so much a week. Will Mr. W. E. Abbott, whom Crick considers cleverer than Joe, succeed the latter — now above party conflict— as the Esau of the New South Wales Parliament ? It is alleged that Captain Cook's logbook hac baen recently discovered, but the authenticity of the affair is doubted, as Cook wa3 never known to have kept a duplicate record. Perhaps he uoed a Letts' diary. Parkes's overtures to Garvan were merely a ruse on the part of our Brummagem 'old Parlia mentary hand ' to split up the Opposition. In fact, it is the parable of Eden and the serpent over again. The 'phrase, ' thin end of the wedge,' oc curred several times in Abigail's valedictory speech. It was the first he uttered on his return The "fine point of the awl ' would sound more authoritative and mean as much. A tailor may be only the ninth part. of a man, but judging by the length of his figure the mem ber for West Sydney is the ninth and a whole man as well. The length of his tongue is in- finite. The West Sydney election has proved that the Yellow Pup is getting old and toothless. The fact is, that Young Australia is getting a big boy now, and can no longer be frightened by such 'bogeys' as the Kiama Ghost. In fact, the Orange cause is losing year by year, and rumour hath it that John Haynes is already making pre parations to recross the Boyne. Of ixj.irse before Governor Hopetoun came out we were told how he had procured an emu and put it in his Scotch farm-yard?. Well, his lord ehip recendy received a letter from his house keeper in which this sentence occurred' — ' i be emu bas laid dQ egg ; and as your lordship wa^ not at home, I pat it uuder the biggest goose I could find.' In politics no fighter, This abbot without mitre Must feel in heart much lighter, Though far heavier his. Bcrew, ;? To assume a ro e judicial And surrender hopes official Of attaining piaCr ioitial O'er a pailidmeutary c:r*w. As ifcf? Primros-? League is l-ki-ly to soon be come fp.shion*»bie in N.8. W., a, word as to isb origin may ciofc be anaisd. It is a mistake to think that Lord Beaconafield cared much for the flower, for it is too simple for such Oriental gaudines3 of taste as his. The thing originated in this way. Among the floral offerings on the Conservative leader's bier was one of primroses from the Queen with, the inscription, ' His favourite flower.' Now, the Queen is somewhat like Mrs. Qummidge in 'David Copperfield,' who was always thinking on the old 'un. The 'his' really referred to the Prince Consort, bo . the Primrose Lea^n-i, along with being a silly affair, is founded on error. Daniel O'Connell, when taking a ride in the neighbourhood of his bouse, had oocasinw to a?k an urchin to open a gate for hira. The little fallow complied with much alacrity, and looked up with such an honest pleasure at rendering the alight service, that O'Connell, by way of saying ' something— anything — asked : ' What is your name, tny boy ?' ' Dan'el O'Connell, sir,' re plied he, stoutly. 'And who is your father?' demanded the Liberator. ' Daniel O'Connell, sir.' O'Conntll muttered a word or two below his breath, and then added aloud : ' When I see you again I'll give you sixpence.' Biding bi i*kly on, he soon forgot the incident, and fell to thinking of graver matters, when, after travelling some milee he found his path ob&truoted; by some fallen timber, which a boy was stoutly endeavouring to remove. On looking more closely, he discovered it tt be the same boy he had met in the morciag. ' What' cried he, 'how do you coine to be hero now?' 'You said, sir, the next time you seen me you'd give me sixpence,' said the little fellow, wiping the perspiration from his brow. ' Here it is,' said Daniel. 'You are my son — never a doubt of it.' This is the period of the year when the over worked business man sepks a fortnight's reet ijj the bracing atmosphere of the Blue Mountains or at the New Zealand lake?, or, to misquote George Augustus Sala, journeys due north in search of eun9hine, or goes on urgent business to the back blocks. This reminds ug that Captain Stoddart, of the Orient boar, which recently arrived in Melbourne, had several stowaway a on board. They were corning probably to attend the Y. M. C. A. trip down the bay on Cup day. The holy trip providt b an excuse for even the most Chris tian man to visit the marvellous city during trip first w- ek i.i November. This recalls the old Exeter Hall'j.ike. A stouten old party and hie pretty daughter are seated in a London train, when h. good-looking curate mteiv, and, no doubt with an eye on the daughter, after pome remarks 8^Jv\wsathe', sayn to the father, ' What do you — ralr^ ' \c, will ba the leading feature of the May mef: '-? Th« reply cam^ quickly, 'Well, the Blait \ ** fir3^ favourite for tho D-*rby and NewmN \woara by hicn, and JouaifrV, they o iy. hap a en 'i» 'r-u^ *'ve n'd good in-o:-wation from w\ \md AL-c Taylor has something that'll g£_ X^tho lot of them. Put your shirt on & \for a win and a shop. John Porter hold\ N'° on tbo weight for age 