STAND FAST, CRAIG- R0YST0N? CHAPTER XIX. BEYOND SEAS. Br WILLIAM BLACK. Author of " A Prinoess of Thule," " Sabina Zembra " "The New Prince Fortunatus," &c.; Out here on the deck of this great White Star Liner—with the yellow waters of the Mersey lapping in the sunlight, and a brisk breeze blowing, and the curious excitement of departure thrilling through all the heterogeneous crowd of passengers—here something of hope came to nim at last. This was better than haunting lonely restaurants, or walking through solitary streets; he seemed to know that Maisrie was no longer in the land he was leaving ; she had fled away across the ocean— gone back to the home, to some one of the various homes, of her childhood and girlhood. And although it appeared a mad thing that a young man should set out to explore so vast a continent in search of his lost love, it was not at all the impossible task that it looked. He had made certain calculations. Newspaper offices are excellent centres of intelligence; and Scotch-American newspaper offices would still further limit the sphere of his inquiries. He had dreamed of a wide and sorrowful sea lying between him and her; buc, in=teu..: uf that imaginary and impassable sea, why, tiit.e was only the familiar Atlantic that nowadays you can cross in less than a week. And when he had found her, and seized her two hands fast, he would reproach her—oil, yes, he would reproach her—though perhaps there might be more of gladness than of angsr in his tones. " Ah, false love—traitress—coward heart—that ran away ! What Quixotic selfsacrifice was it, then, that impelled you?— what fear of relatives 1—what fire of wounded pride? No matter now; you are caught and held. You gave yourself to me; you cannot take yourself away again; nor shall any other. No more sudden disappearances—no more trembling notes of farewell—while I have you by the hand !" The last cheers had been shouted by the people crowded on the deck of the now distant tender, , the great ship was cautiously creeping down the stream, and the passengers, having done with the waving of handkerchiefs (and here and there a furtive drying of eyes) set about preparing for the voyage—securing their places at the table, investigating their cabins, and getting their things unpacked. These occupations kept most of them in their staterooms until close on dinner-time, so that they had not much chance of examining each other ; but it is wonderful how rumour runs in a ship —especially if the purser be a cheerful and communicative sort of person ; and so it was that when ail were assembled in the long and gorgeous saloon, two things had already become known: first, that the tall and handsome young Englishman who seemed to have no companion or acquaintance on board was the newlyjelected member for Mendover; and second, that the extremely pretty woman who had the seat of honour at the Captain's table was a Mrs. de Lara, a South American, as might have been guessed from her complexion, her eyes, and hair. It appeared to be a foregone conclusion that Mrs. de Lara was to be the belle of the ship on this voyage; such things are very soon settled; perhaps one or two of the commercial gentlemen may have crossed with her before, and seen her exercise her sway. As for Vin Harris, his unopposed return for such an insignificant place as Mendover would not have secured much notice throughout the country had it not been that, immediately after the election, the great Grandison'had been kind enough to write to the new member a charming note of congratulation, which, of course, had to be published. It was a significant pat on >the back, of which any young -man might very well have been proud; and Mrs. Ellison bought innumerable -copies of that morning's newspapers, and cut the letter out, and sent it round to her friends, lest they should not have seen it. Mr. Ogden was also so condescending as to send •a similar message—but that was not published. Nowduring the first evening on board ship, strangers mostly remain strangers to each other; but next morning things become different—especially if the weather be fine, and everyone is-on deck. Small courtesies are tendered and- fueeepte&^people-giS -introduced, or introduce each other, on the smallest pretence—except the old Stagers, the wary ones, who hang aloof, in order to pick and choose. As for Vincent, he was well content with his own society, varied by an occasional chat with the purser, when that ubiquitous official could spare a few moments. He was not anxious to make acquaintances. His thoughts were far ahead. He saw—not the thin, blue line of the Irish coast that actually was visible on the horizon—but thv shallow waters at Sandy Hook, the broad bay, the long dusky belt of the city, with its innumerable spires jutting into the white sky. He was wondering how long ago it was since Maisrie and her grandfather had crossed the Newfoundland banks; it was a long start, but he would overtake them yet. Perhaps, when he was down in the big and busy town, making his inquiries from one newspaper office to another he might suddenly find himself face to face with the splendid old man, and the beautiful, pensive-eved girl " Ah, Maisrie, you thought you would escape?—but I have you now—never to let you go again! And if you would rather not return t-o England —if your pride has been wounded—if you are indignant at what has been said or suspected of you and your grandfather—well, then, I will remain with you here! My love *s more to me than my home ; we will tight the world together; the three of us together remaining here, if that pleases you better—only, no further thought of separation between ygu and me On this brisk and bracing morning he was leaning idly with his elbows on the rail, and looking towards the distant line of the Irish co.if-t that was slowly becoming more definite in form, when Mr. Purser Collins came up to him. " There's a very c-harrsgkig lady would like to make your acquaintance.'"' said the officer. " Will you come with me, and I will introduce you?" "Oh, very well," Vincent said, but with no great eagerness. " Tell me her name now that I make sure of it." " You are favoured—Mrs. De Lara. "Oh, really," he said, indifferently. "She seems to me to have had half the wen on the ship fetching and carrying for her all the morning." And indeed, when he followed the purser in order to be introduced to this lady, he found her pretty well surrounded by assiduous gentlemen; and "If you please—if you please," Mr. Collins had to keep repeating, before he could bring the new comer into the august presence. Mrs. De Lara—who, on closer inspection, turned out to be quite a young woman, with a pale, clear, obve complexion, softly lustrous black eyes that could say a deal, a pretty_ smile and dimple, and magnificent hair —received him very graciouslyand at once, and completely, and without the slightest compunction, prooeeded to ignore the bystanders who lid been so officiously kind to her. Of course their' conversation was at first the Usual nothings. Wonderful weather. Might be midsummer but for the cold wind. Captain been on the bridge ever since left Liverpool, poor Tn^-Ti- Get some rest after leaving Queenstown. Was she a good sailor? Some ladies remained in their berths all the way over. Dry .champagne, and plenty of it, the only safeguard. Crossed many times? And so forth. But at length she said— "Couldn't yon find a chair, and bring it along?" _ ^ Now the assiduous gentleman had managed to find a very snug corner for Mrs. de Lara, where there was just room for two deck chairs —her own and that of her companion ' and friend, Miss Martinez; and Vincent, being rather shy, had no intention of jamming himself into this nook. He made some little excuse—and remained standing with the others ; whereupon Mrs. de Lara said to her companion— "Isabel, will you go and see that the letters I left in my cabin are all properly stamped and put in the postbag for Queenstown? Thank you, dear!" Then the moment that her faithful friend was gone, she said, with something of a French manner— " Here is a seat for you; come tell me what the news of the ship is !" Vincent could not very well refuse; though the result of her open preference and selection was that herother obsequious admirers fell away one by one, under some pretence of playing rope-quoits or shovel- board; so that eventually he and she were left alone together, for Miss Mattinez did not return. "Now," said the young grass-widow, whose veiy pretty chin was cushioned on abundant furs, " I am going to make you happy. But first of all I must tell you—you are in love." "Oh, really?" said Vincent. " _Ah, yes, yes, yes," she said, with a charming insistence. " I have watched you. I know. You keep apart; you look far away; you speak to no one. And then I said to myself that I would make you happy. How ? By asking you to tell me all about her." Whereupon Vincent said to himself, "You're a very impertinent woman—although you've got pretty eyes." And again he said, " But after all you are a woman; and perhaps from you I may learn something more about Maisrie.* So he said aloud. " The deck of a steamer is hardly the place for secrets. 1 ' "Why not?" she protested. " Besidesitisno secret—to any one with eyes. Come, tell me all about her— and be happy! I wish to interest you; I wish you to interest me; and so let us talk absut the only thing that is worth talking about —that is, love. No: there . are two things, perhaps—love and money. But love is so full of surprises; it is the perpetual miracle that no one can understand ; it is such :>. wonderful, unexpected, desperate kind of thing that it will always be the most interesting. Now!" "Well," said he—for there was something catching in the mad audacity of this young matron—"it must be secret for secret—my story for yours!" _ She laughed long and heartily, until her merriment brought tears to her eyes. " Why, Im an old married woman!" she exclaimed. "Ah, I see what your bargain means—you only want to put me off. You think the time and place are not romantic enough—some night, out in mid- Atlantic, with perhaps a moon; and you'll be more communicative when you forsake the smoking-room for half an hour and send me a little message down to the saloon. Very well_; perhaps there are too many people tramping up and down. Shall we have a tramp too?—sitting still so stiffens one. There—can you pull off the rugs, do you think ?—they've swathed me up like a mummy ! Now give me your arm, and mind you don't let me go flying; I'm never steady on my feet for the first day or two." Well, he found_ the grass-widow a most charming companion—bright, loquacious, and happy—until, indeed, they steamed into the entrance to Cork Harbour. Here, as most of the passengers were going on board the tender for a scamper ashore while the ship waited for the mails to arrive, Mrs. de Lara began to look a little wistful All of a sudden it occurred to him that he ought, if only in common gratitude for her marked condescension, to ask her if she would care to go also. _ " Oh, Mrs. de Lara," said he, " wouldn't you like to go ashore and have a look round Queenstown?" Her face lighted up in an instant, but there was a curious, amused expression in her eyes. " I couldn't go alone with you, you know," said she. "Why not V said he. She did not answer that question. " If you like to ask Miss Martinez as well as myself," she continued, " I'm sure we should be delighted, and it would be very kind of you. " Of course I will," he said, and at once he went off in search of the needful companion. A few minutes thereafter the three of them were on board the tender, along with the rest of this crowd of eager, chattering passengers. And a very pleasant visit it was they paid to the picturesque watering-place and its widestretching bay. First of all he took his two guests to a hotel and gave them an excellent lunch, at which Mrs. de Lara made merry like an enfranchised schoolgirl. Then he got an open carriage, and they were driven all about the place, and he bought them such fruit and flowers as he could find, until they were quite laden by the time they got back to the tender. They were in plenty of time, the mails were late. When they eventually returned on board the steamer Vincent was on the whole very well pleased with that little excursion, only he hoped that the new acquaintanceship that had been formed had not been too conspicuously displayed, for people are given to talking during the longueurs of an Atlantic voyage. And indeed it very soon appeared that after this little adventure ashore Mrs. de Lara meant to claim him as her own. When she came on deck for the usual promenade before dinner, she sent for him, though there were plenty of gentlemen only too anxious to wait on her, and she took his arm during that perfunctory march up and down. Then she said to him— " Would you think me veiy rude if I asked you to come and sit at our table? The fact is, I want somebody to be good to me, and to look after me; and the captain, although he is a most delightful man when be happens to be there, is nearly always away, on duty no doubt. I hate sitting next an empty chair— that throws me on to Miss Martinez, and she and I have exhausted all our subjects long ago. You've no particular friend, nave you ? Come to our table!" "But I couldn't think of turning anybody out," he protested. " Oh, that's all right," she made answer, cheerfully enough. " Miss Martinez will get a place somewhere else—Mr. Collins will arrange that—I dare say she will be rather pleased to be set free." And so it came to pass that at dinner Vincent found himself in the seat that had been vacated by the useful Isabel; and perhaps his promotion provoked a few underhand comments and significant glances at certain of the other tables, for very small trifles are noted on board ship. At all events, he only knew that Mrs. de Lara was as engaging and complaisant, and loquacious as ever ; and that she talked away with very little regard as to who might overhear her. Nor was she any longer the merry, prattle-pated creature of the Queenstown HoteL Oh, no. Her conversation now was of a quite superior order. It was literary; and she had caught up plenty of the phrases of thu rococo school. She could talk as well as another of environments, conditions, the provincial note, style charged with colour, and the like. Nay, "sin± adventured upon an epigram now and again—or, at least, something that bounded like an epigram. " England" she said, "was a shop; France a stage; Germany a _ camp; and the United States a caucus.'' And again she said, "There are three human beings whom I wish to meet with before I die : a pretty Frenchwoman, modest American, and an honest Greek. But I am losing hope." And then there was a tirade against affectation in writing. " Why should the man thrust himself upon me?" she demanded. " I don't want to know him at all. I want him to report honestly and simply what he has seen of the world and of human nature, and I am willing to be talked to, aud I am willing to beiieve; but when he begins to posture and play tric- ks, then I become resentful. Why should he intrude his own personality at all':—he was never introduced to me ; I have no wish for his acquaintance. So long as he expresses an honest opinion, goad and well; I am willing to listen ; but when he begins to interpose his clever little tricks and grimaces, then I say * <iet away, mountebank —and get a red-hot ]>oker for pantnloan.' And in tfiis way slTe went on, ".vhiuisicai, p-rnlant-. didactic iiy turns. to the stolid aet/Onishment uf a plethoric and red-faced old lady opposite who contributed nothing to the conversation but an indigestion cough, and sate ard stared, and doubtless had formed the opinion that any one who could talk in that fashion before a lot of strangers was no better than she should be. But it was not of literature that Sirs, de Lara discoursed when Vincent returned that evening to the saloon, after having been in the smoking- room for about an hour, watching the commercials playing poker and getting up sweepstakes on the next day's run. When she caught sight of him, she immediately rose and left the group of newly-formed acquaintances with whom she had been sitting—in the neighbourhood of the piano—and deliberately came alone: and met him half-way. "Let ns remain here," said she; "and then if we talk we shan't interfere with the music." She lay back in her chair as if waiting for him to begin. He was thinking how well her costume became her—her dress of black silk, touched here and there with yellow satin —the sharp scarlet stroke of her fan —the crescent of diamonds in her jet-black hair. Then the softened lamplight seemed to lend depth and lustre to her dark eyes, and gave something of warmth, too, to the pale and clear complexion. She had crossed her feet; her fan lay idle in her lap ; she regarded him from under those long, out-curving lashes. "They cannot hear you," she said, perhaps thinking that he was sdent out of politeness to the innocent young damsels who were doing their best at the piano, " and you cannot hear them, which is also fortunate. Music is either divine or intolerable. What they'are doing is not divine; I have been listening. But good music—ah, well, it is not to be spoken of; Only this: isn't it strange that the two things that can preserve longest for you associations with some oneyou have been fond of are music and scent? Not painting—not any portrait: not poetry—not anything you have read, or may read—but music and scent. You will discover that some day." He laughed. " How curiously you talk. I dare say I am older than you—though that is not saying much." " But I have seen the world," said she, with a smile, almost of sadness. "Not half of what I have seen of it, IH answer for that." "Oh, but you," she continued, regarding him with much favour and kindliness, " you are an in genu—you have the frank English character—you would believe a good deal—in any one you cared for, I mean." "I suppose I should," he said, simply enough. " I hope so, that isn't much of a crime, is it ? I should want to believe all that was possible—and to keep on believing too." "But as I say," she resumed, "the two things that preserve associations the longest— and are apt to spring on you suddenly— are music and scent. You may have forgotten in every other direction; oh, yes, forgetting is very easy, as you will find out: for 'constancy lives in realms above,' and not here upon eartn at all; well, when you have forgotten the one you were fond of, and cannot remember, and perhaps do not care to remember, all that happened at that too blissful period of life—then, on some occasion or another there chances to come a fragment of a song, or a whiff of scent, and behold! all that bygone time is before you again, and ou tremble, you are bewildered 1 Oh, f assure you," she went on, with a very charming smile, " it is not at all a pleasant experience. You think you had buried all that past time, and hidden away the ghosts; you are beginning to feel pretty comfortable and content with all existing circumstances; and then—a few notes of a violin—a passing touch of perfume—and your heart jumps up as if it had been shot through with a rifle-ball. What is your favourite scent?" she asked, somewhat abruptly. " Sandalwood," said he (for surely that was revealing no secret)? "Then she wore a string of sandalwood beads " said Mrs. de Lara with a quick look. He was silent. "And perhaps she gave them to yon as a keepsake ?" was the next question. Here, indeed, he was startled; and she noticed it and laughed a little. "No, I am not a witch," she said. "All that has happened before now; do you think you are the first? Why, I'm sure, now, you've worn those beads next your heart, in the daytime, and made yourself very uncomfortable; yes, and you've tried wearing them at night, and couldn't deep because they hurt you. Never mind, I will tell you what to do, get them made into a watch chain with small gold links connecting the beads; and when you wear it with evening dress, every woman will recognize it a love-gift—every one of them will say ' A girl gave hirn that.' "Perhaps I might not wish to make a display of it, said Vmoent. "Then you're in the first stage of inconstancy," said she, promptly. "If you're not madly anxious that the whole world should know you have won her favour, then you've taken the first step on the downward road to indifference; you have become a little bit conscious and secretive; you are regarding certain things as bygone, and your eyes are beginning to rove elsewhere. Well, why not ? It's the way Of the world. It's human nature. You hear talk of loving one and one only, once and for ever; and that is all very well for people who have never been in love at all; who have no imagination, no passion, no wild desire to escape for a time from the commonpi acen ess of life; who are quite content with the stolid satisfaction and home comfort they experience in the constant society of a particular person—which may very well last for a lifetime, no doubt. Oh, don't mistake me, the sentiment of 4 John Anderson, my Jo' is admirable—when you've reached sixty; then you can go hand- hand down the hill together; and the more money you've got you'll find it all the easier." "Really," said he, "I did not expect to learn so much worldly wisdom from—but no, I musn't be rude. For it is very kind of you to teach me. You don't appear to have suffered much yourself in health or spirits" "That's all you know," she said, interrupting. " However, I may tell you my story some other time. Not just now. At present I want to hear some more about the young lady of the sandalwood necklace." "I have told you more than I intended," he answered her. " You haven't told me anything; I guessed for myself." j " Well, now, I am going to ask your advice," said he—for how could ne tell but that this bright, alert, intrepid person, with her varied j experience of the world might be able to help him? She was far different from Maisrie, I to be sure; different as night from day; but ! still she was a woman; and she might perhaps be able to interpret a nature wholly alien from j her own. So she sat mute and attentive, and watching < every expression of _ his face, while he put j before her a set of imaginary circumstances. It was not his own story, but just so much of it as might enable her to give him counsel. And he had hardly finished when she said— "You don't know where to find her; and yet you have never|thought of a means of bringing her to you at once ?" '' What means ?" said he. " Why, it is so simple!" she exclaimed. " Have yon no invention ? But I will tell you, then. As soon as you land in New York, get yourself knocked over by a tram-car. The accident to the rich young Englishman who has just arrived in America will be in all the papers, and will lose nothing in the telling. Your father's name is known; you have recently been elected a member of Parliament; they will make the most of the story—and of course you needn't say your life is not in danger. Then on the wings of love the fair one comes_ flying ; flops down by the side of your bed in tears; perhaps she would even consent to a marriage—if you were looking dreadfully pale; then you could get well again in double quick time—and live happy ever after." She was still watching him from under her long, indolent lashes; and of a sudden she changed her tone. "Ate you vexed? You find me not sympathetic ? Perhaps I am not. Perhaps I am a little incredulous. You have told me very little, but I surmise; and when a young lady remains away from her lover, and does not wish it to be known where she is, then I confess I grow suspicious. Instead of ' Seek the woman,' it is ' Find the man'—jh, I mean in most cases— I mean in most cases—not in all —you must not misunderstand me !" "In this case you are mistaken, then," said Vincent, briefly. "Ah. Possibly. There was not any one, then," she continued, fixing her darklylustrous eyes on him again, " whom you hated with a deadly^ hatred—who seemed to you too friendly and intimate—who was too often by her side? And perhaps there hadn't been a little quarrel between you and her—in consequence ?" Then it flashed through his memory that " Sherry's'departure for Monte Carlo had been strangely sudden, but the next moment he could have laughed. Yes, he had been madly and absurdly jealous; and there might have been a quarrel between Maisrie and himself had it not been for her frank and straightforward _ appeal; but, beyond that, Mri de Lara's guesses at the situation were far wide of the mark. Poor Sherry might be losing or wining napoleons at Monte Carlo ; he wished him no harm—he rather hoped he would would win; but the idea that there could be any connection between that young man's leaving England and the subsequent disappearance of Maisrie and 1 er grandfather was too preposterous to be entertained for a moment. On the whole the gay young grass-widow found that she could not get very far into Vincent's c-ofidenee in this matter ; and when she in a little pleisantry he srrf.w reserved und showed a disposition to withdraw; whereupon she thought it better to give up the subject altogether. But she did not give him up; on the contrary, she took possession of nim more completely £han ever; and made no secret of the favour she bestowed on him. For example, there was an amateur photograper on board, and one morning (everybody knew everybody else by this time) he came up to Mire, de Lara, who was seated in her deck-chair, with a little band of devoted slaves and admirers surrounding her. " Mrs. de Lara," said he, "I'vetaken nearly everybody on board except you. Aren't you going to give me a chance ?" "Oh, yes," said she. "Yes, certainly." Then she looked round, and added in the most natural way in the world—" But where is Mr. Harris?" "He's in the saloon writing letters—I saw him there a minute ago," said one of the bystanders. "Won't somebody go and fetch him?"she continued. "We ought to be all in—if Mr. Searle can manage it. Accordingly Vincent was summoned from below, and forthwith made his appearance. "You come and sit by me, Mr. Harris," said the young matron. "It would look absurd to have one sitting and all the others standing." •" Oh, no—this will do," said Vincent, seating himself on a signal-cannon that wasclose to the rail, while he steadied bimwlf by putting a hand on the shrouds. " Not at all," she protested, with a certain imperious wilfulness.^ " You're too far over; youll be out of the picture altogether. There is Isabel's chair over there ; fetch that." And of course he had to do as he was bid, though it was rather a conspicuous position to assume. Then, when that negative was taken, she would have the grouping altered. Vinoent had to stand by her side with his arm on her chair; again he had to seat himself on the deck at her feet; whatever suggestions were made by the artist she managed somehow that she and Vincent should be together. And when, next day, the bronze-brown proofs where handed about they were very much admired— except, perhaps, by the lady-passengers, who could not understand why Mrs. de Lara should pose as the only woman on board the steamer. But it was not Mrs. de Lara who was in his thoughts when, early one morning, he found himself on the upper deck, just under the bridge, with his eyes fixed on a far strip of land that lay along the western horizon. Not a thin sharp line of blue, but a low-lying bulky mass of pale neutral tint, and there were faint yellow mists hanging about it, and also covering the smooth, long undulating surface of the sea. However, the sunrise was now declared; this almost impalpable fog would soon be dispersed ; and the great continent behind that out-lying island would gradually awaken to the * splendour of the new day. And in what part of its vast extent was Maisrie now awaiting him? no, not awaiting him, but perhaps thinking of him, and little dreaming he was so near ? The wilful truant! who had given him so much trouble. There would be some need for scolding—for sharp scolding—when he should find her; there must be some guarantee that she should not play such pranks again. He would tell her what the worldly-wise would think of her conduct; to what suspicion she had laid herself open. And then when he had rat-.vl lie.r soundly, and made her very miserable, and ashamed of herself, and repentant—then he would take her two hands in his and say, " Maisrie, do you know that I am in Parliament now? and that as soon as we are married you must make up your mind to go frequently down to Mendover to become acquainted with the people, esjiecially the women, and make friends with them all. That, and going to political receptions, and coming down to the Ladies' Gallery now and again, and similar things, will keep you busy enough. There will be no time for running away across the Atlantic any more." They cautiously steamed over the shallow waters at Sandy Hook; thev sailed up the wide bay; momentarily the long flat line of New York, with its towering buildings and steeples jutting up here and there, was drawing nearer. Mrs. de Lara, rather wistfully, asked him whether she was ever likely to see him again; he answered that he did not know how soon he might have to leave New York ; but if she would be so kind as to give him her address, he would try to call before he went. She handed him hercara, said something about the pleasant voyage they had had, and then went away to see that Isabel had not neglected anything in her packing. They slowed into the wharf, the luggage was got ashore and examined—in this universal scrimmage he lost sight of Mrs. de Lara and her faithful companion; and by and by he was being jolted and pitched and flung about in the coach that was canying him to the hotel he had chosen. With an eager curiosity he kept watching the passers- by on the sidewalk searching for a face that was nowhere to be seen. He_ had heard and known of many strange coincidences; it would only be another one—if a glad and wonderful one—were he to find Maisrie on the very first day of his arrival in America. As soon as he had got established in his hotel, and seen that his luggage had been brought up, he went out again and made away for the neighbourhood of Printing Housesquare. It needs hardly be said that the Western Scotsman was not in possession of a vast white marble building, with huge golden letters shining in the afternoon sun; all the same he had little difficulty in finding the small and unpretentious office, and his first enquiry was for Mr. Anstruther. Mr. Anstruther had been there in the morning, but had gone away home, not feeling very welL Where did he live? over in Brooklyn. But he would be at the office the next day? Oil, yes, almost certainly ; it was nothing but a rather bad cold, and as they went to press on the following evening he would be pretty sure to be at the office m the morning. Then Vincent hesitated. This clerk seemed a civil-spoken kind of young fellow. "Do you happen to know if—if a Mr. Betliune has called at this office of late !" " Bethune?—not that I am aware of," was the answer. " He is a friend of Mr. Anstruther's," Vincent went on, led by a vague hope, "an old gentleman with white hair and beard—a handsome old man. There would be a young lady with him most likely." " No, sir; I have not seen any one of that description," said the clerk. "But he might have called on Mr. Anstruther at his home." "Oh, yes, certainly—very likely," said Vincent. "Thank you. I will come along to-morrow morning, and hope to find Mr. Anstruther quite well again." So he left and went out into the gathering dusk of the afternoon; and as he had nothing to do now, he walked all the way back to his hotel, looking at the various changes that had taken place since last he had been in the busy city. And then when he had reached the sumptuous and heavily-decorated apartment that served him at once as sitting-room and bedroom, he set to work to put his things in order, for they had been rather hurriedly jammed into his portmanteau on board ship. He was thus engaged when there came a knock at the door. " Entrez!" he called out, inadvertently (with some dim feeling that he was in a foreign town). The stranger needed no second invitation. He presented himself. He was a small man, with a sallow and bloodless face, a black beard closely trimmed, a moustache allowed to grow its natural length, and dark, opaque, impassive eyes. He was rather showily dressed, and wore a pince-nez. For a second he paused at the door to take out his card-case; then, without uttering a word, he stepped forward and placed his card on the table. Vincent was rather surprised at this form of introduction; but of course he took up the card. He read thereon "Mr. Joseph de Lara.'" "Oh, really," said he (but what passed through his mind was—" Is that, confounded woman going to persecute me on shore as well at sea?") "How do you do? Very glad to make your acquaintance." "Oh, indeed, are you ?" the other -aid, with a peculiar accent, the like of which Vincent had never heard before, " Perhaps not. when you know why I am here. Ah, do not pretend !—do not pretend !" Vincent stared at him, as if this was some escaped lunatic with whom he had to deal. "Sir, I am here to call you to account," said the little foreigner, in his thick voice. "It has been the scandal of the whole ship—the talk of all the voyage over—and it is an insult to me—to me—that my wife should be sjwken of. Yes, you must make compensation—I demand compensation—and how ? By the only way that is known to an Englishman. An Englishman feels only in his pocket. If he does wrong, he must pay. I demand from you a sum that I expend in charity" Vincent, who saw what all this meant in a moment, burst out laughing—a little scornfully, " You've come to the wrong shop, my good friend !" said he. " What do you mean ? What do you mean ?" the little dark man exclaimed, with an affectation of rising wrath. " Look at this—I tell you, look at this!" He drew from his pocket one of the photographs which had been taken on board the steamer, and smacked it with the back of his hand. "Do you see that?—the scandal of the whole voyage ! My wife compromised—the whole ship talking—you think you are to get off for nothing? No ! No ! you do not! The only punishment that can reach you is the punishment of the pocket—you must pay." Oh. don't make a fool of yourself!" said Vincent, with angry contempt. " I've met memliers of your profession before. But this is too thin." "Oh—too thin? You shall find out?" the other said, vindictively—and yet the black and beady eyes behind the phice-iuz were iinpas*i» e and watchful. " There, on the other side of my c-ard, is i«v address. You can think over it. Perhaps I .tIkdJ see you to- morrow. If I do not—if you do not come there to give the compensation I demand I will make this country too hot to hold you—yes, very much too hot, as you shall discover. I will make you sorry—I will make you sorry—you shall see" He went on vapouring in this fashion for some little time longer, affecting all the while to become more and more indignant; but at length Vincent, growing tired, walked to the door and opened." "This is the way out," he said curtly. Mr. de Lara took the hint with a digni.ied equanimity. "You have my address," he said, as he passed into the corridor; " I do not wish to do anything disagreeable—unless I am compelled. You will think over it, and I shall see you tomorrow, I hope. I wish to be friendly. It will be for your interest, too. Good night!" Vincent shut the door and went and sat down, the better to consider. Not that lie was in the least perturbed by this man's ridiculous threats; what puzzled him—and frightened him almost—was the possible connection of the charming and fascinating Mrs. de Lara with this barefaced attempt at blackmail. But no; he could not, he would not, believe it 1 He recalled her pretty ways, her frankness, her engaging manner, her good humour, her clever, wayward talk, her kindness towards himself: and he could not bring himself to think that all the time she had been planning a paltry and despicable conspiracy to extort money, or even that she would lend herself to such a scheme at the instigation of her scapegrace husband. However, his speculations on these ..points were now interrupted by the arrival of the dinner-hour; and he went below to the tahU d'Mte. During dinner he thought that a little later on in the evening he would go along to Lexington-avenue, and call on a lawyer whose acquaintance he had made on a former visit to New York. He might by chance be at home and disengaged; and an apology could be made for disturbing him at such an unusual hour. And this, accordingly, Vinoent did; found that Mr. Griswold was in the house; was shown into the study; and presently the' lawyer—a tall, thin man, with a cadaverous and deeply-lined face and cold grey eyes—came in and received his unexpected visitor politely enough. _" De Lara?" said he, when Vincent had told his story. "Well, yes, I know something of De Lara. And a veiy disagreeable fellow he is to have any dealings with." _" But I don't want to have any dealings with him," Vincent protested, "and Idon't see how there should be any neoessity. The whole thing is a preposterous attempt at extortion. If only he were to put down on paper what he said to me this evening I would show him something—or at least I should do so if he and I were in England." " He is not so foolish," the lawyer said. "Well, what do you propose to do?—compromise for the sake of peace and quietness?" " Certainly not," was the instant reply. "He'sa mischievous devil," said Mr. Griswold, doubtfully. " And of course yoj don't want to have things said about you in newspapers, however obscure. Might get sent over to England. Yes, he's a mischievous devil— an unscrupulous devil when he turns ugly. What do you say now ?—for the sake of peace and quietness —a little matter of a couple of hundred dollars—and nobody need know anything about it" "Give a couple of hundred dollars to that infernal scoundrel? I will see him d——d first!" said Vincent, with a decision that was unmistakable. " There's no reason why you should give him a cent—not the slightest," the lawyer went on, " But some people do, to save trouble. However, you will not be remaining long in this city. I see it announced that you are going on a tour through the United States ana Canada." "The fact is, Mr. Griswold," said Vincent, " I came along—at this unholy hour, for which I hope you will forgive me—not to ask you what I should do about that fellow's threats—I don't value them a pin's point—but merely to see if you know anything about those two"- " The De Lara's?" " Yes, what does he do, to begin with? What's his occupation—his business?" "Nominally, said Mr. Griswold, "he belongs to my own profession; but I fancy he is more mixed up with some low-class newspapers. Ihaveneard, indeed, that one of his Bources of income is levying blackmail on actresses. The poor girls lose nerve, you understand. They won't fight They would rather 'see' him, as the phrase is, than incur his enmity." " Well, then, what I want to know still more particularly," the young man proceeded, " is this: is Mrs. de Lara supposed to take part in these pretty little plans for obtaining money?" The lawyer smiled. "You ought to know her better than I do. In fact, I don't know her at all." Vincent was silent for a second. " No; I should not have imagined it of her. It seems incredible. But if you don't know her personally, perhaps yon know what is thought of her ? What is her general reputation?" " Her reputation ? I can hardly answer that question. I should say," Mr. Griswold went on in his slow and deliberate manner, "that there is a kind of—a kind of impression—that, so long as the money was forthcoming, Mrs. de Lara would not be too anxious to enquire where it came from." " She was at the Captain's table !" Vincent exclaimed. " Ship captains don't know much about what is going on on shore," was the reply. " Besides, if Sirs, de Lara wanted to sit at the Captain's table, it's at the Captain's table you will find her, and that without much delay ! But why are you so anxious to find out about Mrs. de Lara's peculiarities—apart from her being a very pretty woman ?" "Oh," said Vincent, as he rose to apologize once more for this intrusion, and to say goodnight, "one is always meeting with new experiences. Another lesson in the ways of the world, I suppose." But all tiiu same as he walked along these thoroughfares to his hotel he kept saying to himself that he would rather not believe that Mrs. de Lara had betrayed him and was an accomplice in this shameful attempt to make money out of him. Nay, he said to himself that he would refuse to believe until he was foroed to believe; though he did not go a step further, and proceed to ask himself the why and wherefore of this curious reluctance. A kindly faced man at a Kansas City street crossing tapped a passing gentleman and asked liim if he had lost a 20 doL gold piece. The gentleman looked at the coin and said he had. The old man drew out a notebook and took the name and address of the loser and turned away. "Well," said the other, "do you want it all as areward." "Oh, I did not find one," said the benevolent old man, "but it struck me that in a large city like this there must be a great deal of money lost, and upon enquiiy I find you are the thirtyfirst man who has lost a 20 doL gold piece this morning." The Pretty Book Agent—A Boston man's method of teaching her a lesson.—"I was settling down to work," said a book-agent pestered man, " when a pretty woman entered my office. No one would suspect that she was a book agent. She placed a volume in front of me and began to talk. I told her I would not buy the book if I really wanted it. * Never mind,' said she, gaily. ' It won't oost you anything to look at it.' As she desired, I did look at it. I read the introduction and then chapter L It was about 10 o'clock when I opened the book. At 11 o'clock the pretty book agent had become uneasy. I never raised my eyes. Another hour and she was pacing up and down the floor. At 1 o'clock, when she had nearly worn herself out, I laid the book down and, putting on my hat and coat, said to the thoroughly exasperated woman, ' That's a clever book, I regret that I cannot read more of it, but I must away to dinner.' She was mad, but she didn't say a word. Grabbing the book, she shoved it into her satchel and made for the street." 