In Ocean Tragedy. ih- W, CLARE RUSSELL. CHAPTER IXI A sQl'Ai-t. AtTTto!tfGH Finn's calculations showed upon the chart, it will not bo fc»!pj>osed 1 could find anything in tliem upon which to ground that hone of fall- ing in with the Shark winch had become a conviction with Wilfrid. The look-out nmn at our masthead lhight periias, on a olenrday, Coinp&sfe; a range 01 Some twenty hiilcs, even thirty if it came to a gleam of lofty canvas Hururing over a hull a league or two jyvst the slo)e of waters ; but what ires a view of this kind to signify in so Vast an ocean as we had entered ( As I have elsewhere said, the difference of a quarter of a point would in few hoofs, | supposing a good breeze of V.-in'd to be j blowing, carry the Jft-itfc wide of the ; wake of the SJidii and put the two | yacht's out Of sight fair abreast of one ?uioiIu-h J Film understood this ns well ns I ; hut ! When I fell into a talk with him on the j subject that evoninc— I mean the evening ( of the day on which wo had spoken the h nuacrcr—DQ torn me very nonestly that the odds indeed wero heavy against our hcnvingthciSAorAintoview, though he was j quite sure of outsailing her if the coilrse ft-as to extend to the Cape of Good llopc ; but that as there was a chance of our picking her up, whether by luck, if I I chose to think it so, or by his hitting with I accuracy upm the line of direction that ? Fidkr would take, he had made up his mind to regard the thing as going to happen, for his own ease of mind as well as to keep my cousin's expectations lively and trusting. "A man can but do his best, sir," he Jo Mid inc. 11 Sir Wilfrid needs a deal of humouring; you can sec that, sir. I knew «U along, when he first came and hud Uic what had happened and gave me my orders, that the jobof keeping him paci- lied would have to go hand in hand with Ilic business of sailing the Bride and lighting upon the Shark, if so be she's discoverable. My notion is that if juiTrc crilcd upon so to act as to fit an vii«ploycr's taste and keep his views and wishes gratified, though by 110 more than maintaining expectation in him, the best thing is to tarn to and try to think as fur as you can the same way as lie do. I don't mind saying, Mr. Monson, that I allow the whole of this hero voj'age to be as wngue as wagucncss can well be ; there j fore why worrit over parts of it? Suppose ! we overhaul the Shark— then it'll be all : fight ; BOpjroso wo douV— then it won't bo for the want of trying," This was the substance of Finn's opinion as he imparted it to mo that night. His sincerity touched me; besides, I saw worry enough in the poor fellow to make tne sorry for him. Indeed, I resolved from that hour to back him up, heartily Agreeing with him that the adventure fcas quite too vague to justify nnxiety in in resjKJCt of any ono dutoil of ti.« j».« gramme. The weather was quiet when I went to bed that night. J came below from my long yarn with Finn, leaving a windy smear of moon over our mastheads and a dark sky going down from it to the obscured sea-line, with hero and there a pale and vapoury point of star hovering sparely over a wing of cloud that lay still in the dusk as though what wind there was blew low uj)ou the waters. The wide sea fame to the yacht in a dusky throbbing, iike folds of gloom rolling with a sort of palpitation in them to the eye; the foam glanced in places, but there wsb little weight in the wind, and the pallid spires of the yacht's canvas floated nearly up right through the dark atmosphere, with a sound of the sob of water coining oil" 1 « weather Wv and the dead plasli of Uic hidden billow falling without life from her quarter, in a way lliat made one think there were fellows emptying buckets over the side abreast of the wheel. Wilfrid had been moody and reserved throughout the dinner, and retired early to hod. 1 sat an hour with Miss Laura, with the mild diversion of a draught-board bet a ecu us; but we soon forgot to play in talking. We bad been but a few days together, yet 1 had already made the discovery that 1 wonderfully enjoyed her company and that 1 immensely relished a quality of arch naivete in her conversa tion which owed something of ita effect to the contrast between a 6ort of co quettish sagacity in many tilings she said mid the nun-like artlcssness and virginal sweetness 1 seemed to find in the gentle girlish regard of her charming eyes. 1 also observed in invsnlf that the mora ) saw of her the more her beauty gained upon me. 1 never remember meeting a woman's face that 1 would sooner havo taken as a frank expression of mind ; there was a softness and a delicacy of feature that one instinctively accepted as an illus tration of habitual refinement and purity of thought. Her manner, save when aroused, was of engaging gentleness and tenderness, and her smile the most amiable of any I remember. Her posi tion was of great delicacy, and could not havu failed to painfully distress one of your 6clf-cuiiscious women. Our adven ture, every reference to it, every mention of the Shark, every expression in Wilfrid of grief, shame, temper, was, as it were, a rude withdrawal of the veil from before her sister's frailty. Thore was no other lady 011 board to help licr to beAr, so to speak, the burthen of the inevitable topic, and yet she never made it appear as though there was pain and shame to her in tine subject, outside her grief for Wilfrid, her eagerness that her sister should be re covered, her rcseutmcnt against the man jriio had betrayed and dishonoured his mend. I may fail to convey what I thought of her maidenly acceptance of her 6liarc in this strange adventure, but J am certain t.»at nobody but a person of exquisito instincts could havo acted, as 6he did, the delicate and exacting part allotted her by my cousin. Tlio weather was still very quiet when 1 bade her good night. 1 went to my cabin, and do not suppose I was ten minutes in my bed before I fell asleep. I stoke to a sound of a great roaring all a1 accoml,a,ied by the cries of men on hiik, the sharp flinging down of coils rope and U10 thunder of shaking trembling in every fibre of the Jt My bunk was an atbwartrship one, I had turned - in, to employ the Proper sea (larlancc, with my head to windward ; hut now the yacht was lying oi'er on t'other side, and 1 awoke to find roy heels in the air and the weight of my upon my uock ; but the angle of tlio craft was so sharp tJiat it whs not without prodigious amount of heaving and floundering I m&nagod; to get my legs er and to sit upright. 15 A squall! thought I, feeling for my pUlow, which I placed in the port end roy bedstead and onco again lay down. A flash of sun-bright lightning glanced through the port -hole as though a gun had been fired into my cabir, and the intorior glanced out Into a noon-tide efful gence for one breathless instant, in which, however, I managed to catch sight of the angle formed by a coat with a stanchion, upon which it hung by a peg. Upon my word, it was as though the yacht was upon her beam ends — such a heel as was not to be realised by one lying in a bunk, or oven sitting upright in it. Then caino the darkness like a sea of ink, rolU u)8 to the sight in which the inflection of the flash still writhed, followed by a mighty shock of thunder that died away »n a Hundred rattling peals as though twas high mountainous land all around the horizon, honeycombed With caverns, and every peak as resonant as & hollow dome, A sharp squall! thought I, but there jyaa too much noise for sleep. It was all hands on deck I was pretty sure by the numerous scampermgs over my head; the harsh voices of the sailors liawling at the ropes would be swept into faint cries by the rush of the wind, and now and again a heavy lumpish sound that put a quiver into every plank, followed by a snarling noise like the hissing of half-a- dozen locomotives blowing off steam, was warrant enough, to cars not unused to sucn sounds, that the Bride was taking large doses of water in pretty freely over her rail. 3 lay quiet, and was presently sensible .rot .the yacht was off the wind ; the righting of her was 110 small comfort ; she was manifestly going through it like a comet. The sea was now well aft, and the suggestion of swiftness I found in the "jere feci of the hull, somehow or other, black as my cabin was and the blacker as it remained for the flash of lightning, was accentuated by the thunderous rush of each surge outstripping us 111 the race nnd hurling its black length along the vessel s side, and the fierce spitting and crackling of the smother of spume that Was raised by the vessel's headloug flight and that went raging and racing astern on top of the swelling ebony fold that swept forwards from the opposite direc tion. Humph ! thought 1, if this is a case of 44 up kceleg " with friend Finn, ho'U have to enter into something shrewder and surer than dead reckoning to find his way back again into the Shark's wake. J hnd a inind to sec what was happening, and, after a spell of troublesome groping and clawing, during which 1 had like to liavc broke my nose by striking it against the edge of a ehest of drawers built into a corner, 1 succeeded in lighting my lamp, and was present! snug in a pea-coat and a sou'-wester which I had been wise enough to include in the slender sea outfit I had purchased for this voyage. The cabin light was always kept burning throughout the night, dimmed by one of the stewards, after we had retired to our berths, but with plenty of flame left to see by, and, on emerging, the firet object 1 caught sight of was the figure of a man on his knees 011 the cabin floor in a pos ture of prayer and apparently in an agony him until 1 had approached close, for the roaring of the wind and the washing and foaming of seas drowned all other noises ; but on stooping to make sure of the fellow, whose hands were clasped over his eyes, whilst he held his face up turned as he swayed upon his knees, I could hear him praying with all his might, with an energy, indeed, that might of itself have accounted for tlio drops of perspiration that glistened upon his brow, if it wasn't that his attitude of terror explained the secret of that moisture. It was Mufiin. There was something so shameful in the fellow's cowardice that all in an instant 1 lost my temper and gave him a kick which flung him at bis length, face down, upon the deck. He set up a horrible lmw, "Oh Lord ! oh mercy! we're gone! we're gone ! Oh, if i was only oil dry ground — " Here 1 seized him by tlio collar. "Get up, you fool," 1 cried. "Do you know where you are, you idiot ? Cease ! If you alarm Miss Jennings—" and 1 hauled Iiim 011 to his legs, shaking him heartily as 1 did so. "Oh, Mr. Monson," lie whined, "is it you, sir ? Tell me wo ain't all dead and gone, sir! Oh, this is 'orrible, though ! orrihle ! Never 110 more ; never no more forme!" " Be off to your berth at once," cried I angrily, though my temper died out of me at the absurd sight of bis yellow, working, terrified face, rendered ugly enough to challenge the skill of a Cruikshank by the : manner ill which, during his devotions, he had streaked his forehead and nose and his checks past his eyes with his plaisfcer- like lemrths of coal-black hair. He was for speaking, but I grasj>ed hiin by the shoulder ana ran him towards his berth that lay some little distance forward of mine 011 the starlioard side, and when he had shut himself in 1 made my way on deck, with a peep aft, as 1 went up the steps, where all seemed quiet. The night was still very dark but of a clearer dusk. The moon made a red 6trcak low in the west amongst some ragged clouds that seemed to fall like a short flight of stcjtt, even one edged with blood, to the sca-linc, where the muddy crimson drained out, just fallowing the lurid staining of it now and again when some surge beneath roared an unbroken head to the lustre. The night was made to look amazingly wilder than it was in reality by that western setting jumble of ugly lustre and torn vajiour like a flock of giant bats heading from the moon for some ocean solitude of dee|»or blackness. To wind ward there was a groat lake of indigo-blue in tlio sky, in which a number of trembling stars were floating, and vast white putt's of cloud crossing it with the swiftness of scud ill a gale ; but to leeward it was just a mass of heaped-up gloom, one dye of dusk on top of another in blocks of blackness such as a )>oct might dream of ill picturing the hellish walls and battlements of a l>e- leaguercd city of demons ; and unon this mass of darkness tliat looked as substantial as stone to tno eye there was a plentiful play and crackle of violet lightning ; but no thunder, at least none that 1 could hear. It was blowing fresh, but the wind had taken off considerably within the last ten minutes ; the Bride was close hauled ; there was a strong sea on the bow and she was plunging smartly with nt frequent intervals a brisk squall of spray over her bead that rattled ujion the deck like a fall of Iiail in a thunderstorm ; a dark gleam would break first here and then there from her deck to her rolling, but the water was draining off fast, flashing in a loud hissing through the scupper holes nt every lee send, but with weight enough yet remain ing in each rush of it to enable 111c to gather that it must have been pretty nearly waist-high between the bulwarks with the firet shipping of tlio seas and the first downrusli of the fierce squall. They had snugged the Bride to very amnll canvas ; the play of the white waters round licr threw out her sliape dear as black paint on canvas ; at moments she dived till you would think the tall black cou arching at her past the creaming glare crushed out of the sea by the smiting of her forefoot must leap right aboard her ; but her staunch and buoyant bow, tlio truest piece of ocean moulding I over raw in a ship, would regularly swing with a leap to the peak ot the billow, shattering it with a saucy disdain that seemed to be followed by an echo of derisive laughter 111 tlio yelling ring of the wind splitting upon the rigging or sweeping into the iron hard cavities of the diminished spaces of wan and spectral canvas. 1 took all this in as I stood a minute in the companion hntah i.lmit , | — j. vk.miijj wlv figure of a man to windward almost abreast of roe, 1 crossed to him. It was Finn. " Very ugly squall that, Mr. Monson," snid he, after peering at me to make sure of my identity, "it found us with tops'l and t gallants '1 set and took us slap aback. It was the most oncxpocted tiling that ever happened to me ; as onnatural as that there moon. Talk of keeping a look out ! I was staring hard that way with the wind a pleasant air blowing off t'other side and saw nothing and heaid nothing until I felt it." " You had to run ?" 44 Ay, but not for long, sir." 44 How'fl her llnnd iinw- P»nfn!n it:.,- 9»» " Her proper course, Mr. Monson." "Mcll, the weather is brightening, lou 11 be making Bail again on your ship, I suppose, presently?" ' ' Ay5 hut Jet that inuck blow away first," lie answered, jminting with a shadowy aim into the mass of obscurity where the lightning still winked fitfully. ''After such a hlow-me-aback job as this I ain't going to trust the weather till I can see more of it. " 1 lingered a little, watching the slow opening of the sky to windwaid, and the gradual unfolding of the stars down the velvet declivity, that looked as though purified by the cleansing of the black wet squall, and then bidding good-night to Finn, who seemed a bit subdued by the wildly disconcertingattack of the weather, that to a sober, vigilant seaman was about as uncomfortable a snub in ita way as could be administered, 1 wont below, intending to walk straight to my berth and go to bed again. On entering the cabin, how ever, I found the lamp turned up, and « ilfrid pacing the carpet with long strides and with an agitation of maimer that was grotesquely deepened by the occasional stagger of his gait by the plunging of the yacht and the hurried lift of his arm to clutch the nearest thing at hand for sup- port. 1 cniirliidoil #1 1 fa Iia >o,J u..— aroused by the commotion of the squall, but thought it strange lie had not stepped on deck to see how things were. On seeing me lie put his hand on the back of a fixed revolving chair, and swung, or rather reeled, himself into it, then leaned his check upon his hand in a posture of extreme moodiness, whilst he kept his eyes bent downwards. 1 took a scat opposite him, after a glance round in search of Miss Jennings, who, I thought, might also be up. bovc disturbed you, I "1 have not spt"'HoTaii8«civu. "Not since half-past nine! You went to bed llien, you know, and it's now two o'clock," 1 exclaimed, looking at the dial under the skylight. "1 ha>c not slept," he repeated. "I wnnder that the squall did not bring you on deck." "For what purpose?" ho exclaimed gloomily. " I could hear Finn's voice; I c«»uld follow what the men were doing. If every squall we arc likely to meet is to bring mc from my I may as well order a hammock to bo slung forme on deck." "What is the matter. Wilfrid?" said 1, earnestly and soothingly. ".Something, 1 fear, has happened to vex And bother you." He i»asscd his hand over his eyes, and looking down said, "I have had a warning." "A what?" 1 exclaimed. "A warning," lie answered, fetching a deep sigh and making as if to rise, retain ing, however, his posture of profound melancholy, whilst I10 sent a slow, wander ing look around, finally fastening his eyes upon mc. "From whom came this warning, Wilfrid?" said 1, cheerfully. "Muffin? Egad, you'll be getting a warning from him soon, I reckon. 1 found the chap on his knees just now, sweating with fear and praying like clockwork. 1 gave him a kick, 'and 1 wonder the howl that he raised did not bring you running out of your cabin." 1 jabbered this off in a reckless, laughing way, though 1 watched him narrowly, too, all the time I was speaking. "Nothing shall hinder mc, Charles," he exclaimed, dosing his right fist and letting it lie in a menacing way upon the tabic. "I have made up my mind to tear the creature who still remains my wife from the side of the man she has left me for ; and before God"— he rolled his eyes up and raised his clenched hand— "my vow is this: that 1 will hunt them from port to port, through ocean after ocean, until 1 meet with them! When that shall be 1 know not ; but this 1 do know— that my time will come mid 1 can wait. But I must be 011 the move. Nothing could render life tolerable to me now but the sense of action, the animation and hope of pursuit." "But the warning ?' said I. "Oil, to be vexed by ghostly exhorta tions— it is enough to craze one! lie exclaimed. "Heaven knows, resolution grows weak enough in me as it is to any thought of my little one that visits me. Oh no," he cried, with a sarcastic shake of the head and a singular smile, " do not believe that thoughts <»f my baby girl would cause lue to falter even for one breathless instant 011 this course that 1 have made up mv mind to pursue. But to think of the helpless lamb as alone " "My dear fellow," 1 interrupted, " the cliild could not possibly bo in tenderer hands." "I know, 1 know," lie cried, with a 60b in his voice, "but she is motherless, Charles; and then how precarious is life at tliat ago ! 1 may never sec her again ! " Ho broke down at this and hid his face. "Come, come," said I, "your nerves have been strained by the incident of this afternoon, or, I should say, of yesterday afternoon— unduly, though intelligibly, excited by Puncheon's rejiort of having passed the Shark. Endeavour to get some rest, old fellow. These warnings, these visions, mysterious voices sounding out of heaven knows where, miduiglit shapes as thin as moonshine— Wilfrid, depend upon it, they all emanate from a disordered eoudition of that pari of tlio body which the Chinese have most wisely selected as the true seat of the soul. 1 mean here," said 1, patting my waistcoat. lie regarded mc somewhat vacantly and sat awhile iu silence, sighed tremulously, and stepped to the foot of the companion ladder, where he stood staring up into the arch of blade night that filled the com panion entrance. Presently Finn rumbled out an order on deck. There was the flash of bright stare upon the gleaming ebony of the cabin windows with even heave of the yacht ; the sea was mode rating, and the loud humming of the wind aloft gradually fining into a dull complain- mg noise. Ropes were thrown down overhead ; voices began to sing out. I uttered a loud yawn. Wilfrid turned nnd Cli rl ni Don't lot me keep you up, "It's all right," said I, "but why not go to bed, too ? Or first describe this warning that you have had ; express the nature of it Perhaps, like the proverbial '»vt wiiu aces niosc or trie game, I mig it be able to help you with some re assuring suggestion." Rut he merely shook his head ; and now, feeling quite intolerably sleepy, and in no mood, therefore, as you will sup pose, to reason with a mind so oppressed as„1"6 with superstitious melancholy, I called a cheery good-night to him, went to my cabin, and was soon fast asleep. .Of, awakened by the brilliantdayliglit tliat filled my berth, and at once rose and sung out to the steward to prepare me a bath. All the time I bathed and dressed 1 was thinking of Wilfrid and of what he called his "warning." I supposed it was some voice tlint he hnd heard, and lie had » plain mat it Had referred, amongst other things maybe, to his little infant, how, though of course I had known for yeara that he was " touched," as the ex pression goes, I had never understood that lus crazincss had risen to the height of hearing voices and beholding visions" in his waking hours; and I was" therefore forced to believe that his mind was fat- more unhinged at present than his manners and speech, peculiar as they un questionably were at times, had indicated. ' ell, thought I, assuredly if he nets worse if the symptoms should grow more defined, this chase will have to come to an Cn,, J'.. rne 8!,0llld "'"St certainly call a halt. \\\ hy, what could lie fuller of madness than his vow last night before me— to go on sailing from port to port, and traversing ocean after ocean, until lie lias captured her ladyship ; as if a pursuit 011 such lines as these wero going to end in anything better than driving all hands daft and converting the Bride into a floating lunatic asylum ? So far, it is true, I have found method enough to keep my mind tolerably easy ; but if poor Wil frid is going to become very much worec, hang me, thought I, plying a pair of hair brushes with very agitated hands, if Captain Finn don't haul his wind for the handiest port and set mo ashore for one CHAPTER X. I 00 ALOFT. It was a fresh sweet ocean morning, one of the fairest I remember ; the wind a tender fanning from tho west, warm enough to make one fancy an odour and balm of the tropics in it, leagues ahead as those parallels yet lay. The sky was one broad surface of curls and fcathere of pearl-coloured vapour, anintqrw...-;,. „ it were, of vpti silver and amber and gold WW tfiepiSH' sufi. I never beheld a lovelier dome of sky so tender in glory and rich in delicate perfections of tints. The sea spread in a firm dark line to it like a blue floor under some mighty roof of marble ; the sun's wake came in a misty stream of light to the port bends of the yacht, where it was flashed by tlio mirror- like wet blackness of the glossy side back deep into the brimming azure of the brine in a great puff of radiance tliat made one think of a cloud of brightly illuminated stenm ascending from the depths. Everything was brilliant and clean and cheerful, tho decks of the white softness of foam, brass sparkling, rigging flemish- coiled or festooned as by an artist's hand upon the pins ; forward stood the long cannon radiant as polished jet, a detail that gave an odd significance to the saucy knowing "spring," as it is called, of the yacht that way. The cocks and hens in the coops were straining their throats and blending with their cheerful voices was a noise of pigs; there was black smoko pouring away from the galley chimney, and now and again you got a whiff of something good frying for the men's breakfasts, for my couBin fed his sailors well. The Bridt , with erect masts, was sliding over the wide folds of water whoso undulations were so long drawn and regular as to be scarce perceptible in the motion of the vessel ; there was air enough to crisp the sea, and where tlio sun's light lay the tremble was blinding ; on cither bow was a curl of silver and pale eddyings alongside with a line of oil-smooth water going away astern from under the counter ; yet we were but creeping, too, spite of tbe yacht being a pile of white cloths — every stitch she owned abroad to her to>gallant stuaamgsaii. The mate had charge and was stumping the weather side of (lie quarterdeck in his sour way when I arrived. "Good morning, Mr. Crimp." "Maming," he answered. "Ugly squall that last night." "Ugly? ay." The fellow gave the word sir to no man, restricting its use when ashore to dogs as Finn once told 111c ; but his 6urly tricks of B>eech and manner were so wholly a part of him, so entirely natural, so uncon sciously expressed, that it would have been as idle to resent thum as to liavc quarrelled with him for having an askew eye or lost one's temper because his beard resembled rope yarns. "Anything in sight?" I asked, looking round. "Ay," he answered. "Where i" 1 exclaimed, running my eve over the sea. "Up yonder," he responded, indicating with a gesture of his chin the topgallant- yard where was perched the inevitable figure uf a look-out man. "But where away, Mr. Crimp,— where away, sir?" "On the starboard bow," he answered, " 'tain' t long been sighted." Breakfast would not be ready for some time yet, and having nothing to do 1 thought 1 would mako a journey aloft on mv own account and take a view of the distant sail and of the spacious field of the glittering morning ocean from the altitude of the masthead. I stepped below for a telescope of my own, a glass I had many a time oclod the sea with when I was doing penance for past and future sins in African and West Indian waters. Mufiin was at the foot of the companion bteps holding a pair of Wilfrid's boots, lie cast his eyes down and drew his figure in though there was abundance of room for mc to pass. A slow obsequious, apologetic smile went twisting and curling down his lips ; his yellow face had a bur nished look ; ho was uncommonly clean shaven, and his hair was brushed, or plaistcrcd to the smoothness of his skull. "Got your courage back?" said 1. "Thank you, yes sir," he answered humbly with his eyes resjiectfully cast down. "Richard's himself again this morning, sir, as tho saying is. But it was a 'orrible time, sir," iy tt CMne near to making it so." said I- ' Have you been to Sir Wilfrid yet!" "Yes, sir." "How is he?" "Asleep, sir," he replied in a blandly confidential way. Glad to hear it," I exclaimed, "don't disturb hiin. He passed a bad night down to two or three o'clock this morning." I was going ; suddenly I stopped. "By the way," said grounding upon tho fellow, Jiow Jong have you been in Sir Wilfrid's service? My question appeared to penetrate him with a consuming desire to he otanfc. Ho Initially closed one eye, cocked the other aloft like a hen in the act of drinking, and then said with the air of one happy in the nowcr of speaking with accuracy, "It'll >0. "vc months to the hour, sir, come height o'clock, Friday evening next." "During the time that vou have been in lus service," said I carelessly, "have you ever heard him speak of hearing voices ,or seeing visions?" 0 . , oices, no sir," lie answered; "but wisions," he added with a sigh and lengthening his yellow face into an ex pression of deep concern, "has, I fear, sir, more'11 once presented theirselves to him. "Of what nature, do von i-nnw?" Sir \\\ ilfrid's a little mysterious, sir," he responded in a greasy" tone of voice and looking down as if he would liave me understand that with all due respect he was my cousin'a valet and knew his place. 1 said no more but made my wav on deck with a suspicion in me tlmt the fe'llow had lied, though I hardly knew why I should think so. I trudged forward, and finding three or four of the men hanging about the galley I pulled out five shillings and gave tho money to one of tliem, say ing that I was going aloft and wished to pay my footing, for I was in no temper to he chased and worried. This made me free of the rigging, into which I sprang, and had soon shinned as high as the top- gallantyard, upon which I perched myself so noiselessly that the man who overhung it on the other side of tho mast and who was drowsily chewing upon a quid of tobacco with his eye screwed into Wilfrid's lovely telescope, had no notion I was alongside of him. I coughed softly, for I had known seamen to lose their lives when up aloft by being suddenly startled. He put a whiskered face past the mast and stared at me as if 1 was Old Kick, out of the minutest pair of eyes I ever saw in the human head, mere gimlet-holes they seemed. for the admission of light, " Thinking of vour 9 0 said I with a laugh, ignorant of his name hut counting Jack to be a sure word. Can't rightly say what I was a-tliink- be answered hoarsely; twarn t my sweetheart anyways, seeing that the only gell I was ever really partial ,n® m her ledship sarved Sir >> llfnd yonder," indicating the quarter deck with a sideways motion of his head. "Cut stick, eh ? " said I. i«T/u??1.an. sir," he answered, sion to grumble ; but she pnggoa tne furniture tliat I'd laid iu getting married. Ay, prigged it. The boiling amounted to fourteen pound tew, a bloomin' lot o' money for a poor seafaring man to be robbed of for the sake of a master cliimney-sweep." He cast a slow disgusted look around and expectorated with an sir of loathing. " I hope you got tho master chimney sweep locked up," said I. " No fear ! " cried lie, talking very fast; "smite inc, your honour, if that there gcll didn't tarn to and swear that that furniture was her 'a, bought out of her own savings, and tliat she guv mc the money to order it with. Thinking o' my sweetheart!" ho grumbled, lifting the telescope in an abstracted manner to his eye, "if it worn't for women dumned if this 'ere earth wouldn't be worth a-living in." I smothered a laugh, and catching sight of the sail shining faintly in the blue air, leagues and leagues distant as it seemed, 1 pointed the glass and easily distinguished the royal, topgallantsail, And a snatch of the topsail of a ship heading directly for us. "I wonder if she'll have any news?" said I. " Beg your pardon, sir," exclaimed the man, " hut could you tell me how long it's reckoned in the cabin this here ramble's agoing to last ? " "What was the nature of the voyage you signed for ?" " Why," he replied, " a yachting cruise ; to Table Bay and home." " It'll not exceed that, I believe," I ex claimed. " And if we pioks up that there Shark and recovers the lady afore we git to the helium for Southamptin again ?" "Captain Finn will be able to tell you more about it than I," 1 responded in a tone that silenced him, though his tiny eyes looked athiret for information as he regarded me aslant over one of his huge whiskers. Tho height from from which I surveyed the vast plain of sea, the spirit of whose loneliness seemed to find the one touch of cmpluisis it needed to render its magnitude realisable by human instincts in tliat re mote flaw of ship's canvas wliich broke the continuity of the boundless horizon filled me with a feeling of exhilaration I cannot express ; the sweet mild ocean breeze high on tliat slender yard sank through and through me, and vitality to its most secret recesses was quickened by it into a very intoxication of life, new, free, ardent ; the air hummed gently in a vibratory metallic note as though it were some echo of a distant concert of hanis and violins ; far down the hull of the yacht, plentiful as was licr beam in reality, looked like a long slender plonk rounded at the bows, the whiteness of the dock showing with a sort of radiance as though it wero thinly sheeted with crystal upon which the shadows of tho ringing, masts mid canvas lay dark and beautifully dear, with a fitful swaying of them to tbe heave of the fabric, off polished and bril liant things such as the skylight or the brass decorations, when flashes of fire would leap forth to be veiled again in the violet gloom of the recurrent shade. The thin curve of foam on either hand the cut water looked like frosted silver ; my eye went to the airy confines of the ocean spreading out into a delicate haze of soft azure light where it washed the marble of that magnificent morning firmament, and then it was that, sharper than ever I had before felt it, there rose the per ception in mc of the incalculable odds against our sighting the yacht we were in pursuit of, so measureless did the ocean distance appear when with tlio gaze going from the Brides masthead 1 thought of the distance tliat mode the visible and 'couipa&sablc; sphere, big as it was, as little as a star compared with the heavenly desert it floats in. When 1 looked down agiun I observed bliss Jennings watoliinu ine from the gangway with her hand shading her eyes. hat an<i »he bowed, and being wisliful of her company I bade my friend Jack keep his eyes polished, as the piece that was nailed to the mast would help to lessen the loss that his sweetheart had occasioned liim, and descended, hearing him rumbling in his gizzard as I got off the fouUrope, though what lie said I did not catch. "What is there to be seen, Mr. Monson?" was Miss Jennings' first question, with a delicate fire of timorous expectation in licr eves. Only a ship," said I. No ! not the Sfiark yet," I exclaimed smiling. "1 am stupid to feel so nervous. I dare say I ani as passionately anxious as « ilfrid to see my sister in this vessel safe an(3 separated from — from " — she faltered and quickly added, bringing her hands together and locking tliem, "but I oread the moment to arrive when the Shark will bo reported in sight." /' Well, if we arc to pick up that craft," said 1, " we shall do so and then there'll be an esd on't. ButI give you my word, Miss Jennings, the ocean looks a mighty big place from that bit of a stick up there. " || Too big for this chase ? " j.uu uig i rear to give Wilfnd the chance lie wants." She sent a bright glance at the top gallant-yard and said, "Docs not that great height make you feel di2zy ? " "Ay, as wine docs. There is an in- V>xltion as of ether in the air up there. Oh, Miss Jennings, if I could only manage to get you on to that yard — sec now near to heaven it is ! You would then be able not only to say that you looked like an angel, but that you felt like one. " . She laughed prettily and turned as if to invite mc to walk. After a bit I spoke of the squall last night. It had not disturbed "®r Then I told her of Wilfrid's melan choly perturbation, on which her face grew grave and her air thoughtful. " He did not tell you the nature of the warning?" she inquired, i i?\0, evidently had reference to ins baby. I wished to ascertain whether i t was a voice or a vision— though I really LS. w riy: for an hallucination is an hallucination all the world over, and it signifies little whether it be a sheeted essence to affect the eye or a string of airy syllables to affright the ear. " "1 am sorry, I am Sony," she ex- claimed anxiously, " it is a bad symptom, in i. 0USht not to surprise one. iiie shock was terrible— so recent too ! oieiyarortnigiit ago he felt safe and happy in Jiis wife's love and faith—" "hfaybe," I interrupted, "but I wouldn t be too sure though. When I last met him — I mean somewhile before he came to ask me to join him in this trip —his manner was veiy clouded, I thought, when he spoke of his wife. I fancy even then suspicion was something more than a seed. But still, as you say, it is all desperately recent, and it certainly is a 80,Ii . 668 Piay havoc with such a 111 "1 atfcttf his'vael that question just now, and he told me he did not know that his master heard 'woices,' but he believed he was troubled with Visions,' as he called them." "Wilfrid has been very secret then. My sister spoke much to me of the odd- ness of Ilia character, mado more of it indeed than ever 1 could witness, — but then one understands why, now," she exciauncd with an angry toss of her head. " But she never once hinted at his suffer ing from delusions of the kind you name. How should his man know then? Wilfrid is not a person to be so very confidential as all that with his servant. I never liked Mufiin, and I believe he is a story-teller." "So do I," said I, "and a coward to boot," and I told her of my finding him on his knees, and how I had prostrated him with a kick. This provoked one of her cordial, sweet, clearing laughs. It was a music to fit to gayer thoughts than we had been discoursing, and presently we were chatting lightly about dress, society, some maestro 's new opera and other light topics very much more suitable for a yacht's quarter-deck under such a morning heaven as was then sliining upon us, then the raven, owl and bat-like sub jects of ghosts, warnings, visions and insanity. The breakfast bell rang ; Muffin arrivod with a soap-varnislied face and a humble bow, and in greasy accents delivered his master's compliments to us and, please, wc were not to wait breakfast for him. But when we were half through the meal Wilfrid came from his cabin and seated himself. He looked worn and worried ; his expression was that of a man who has succeeded in calming himself after a secret bitter mental conflict, but whose counten- n/>« cf ill uo!ir« 1.1 < A t.nu-AS of 1|ie Struwlfi. He called for a cup of tea, which with a slice of dry toast formed his breakfast. Now and again I saw him glancing wist fully at Miss Jennings, but his eyes fell from her when she looked at him as though he feared the detection of some wish or thought in the manner of his watching her. He inquired languidly about the weather, the sail the yacht was under, and the like. "ThereU be a ship in sight over the bow," said I, " by the time wc are ready to go on deck." "Ha!" he exclaimed, instantly brisken- ing ; "we must speak hex. Were it to come to twenty vessels a day passing us wc should hail them all. But it is the wind's capriciousness that makes the fret ting part of an excursion of this kind. Here arc we creeping along as though in tow of one of our boats, whilst where the Shark is there may be half a gale driving her through it as fast as a whale's first rush to the stab of a harpoon," " Heels were given to us in the small hours of tliis morning though," said I. "Wc covered more space of sea in five minutes than. I should like to swim if I had a month to do it in. " "Oh, but she was off her course," ex claimed Wilfrid. "Only to the firet of the equall," 1 exclaimed, "when I went on deck die was lying fair up again and crushing through it with the obstinacy of a liner. ' He glanced at me absently as though he barely attended to my words, and then looked round him, as I supposed, to observe if Muffin and the stewards were out of hearing. He lay back in his chair, eying Miss Jennings for a little with a thoughtful regard that was made pathetic by the marks of care and grief in his face. "Laura," ho said, "1 am worrying about baby." "Why, Wilfrid?" she answered gently. 44 Oh, it may be a mere instinctive anxiety, some secret misgiving, well foundod but quite inexplicable and there fore to be suecred at by friend Charles here — who knows not yet the aubtletieB of a flesh -ond- blood tie — as mere sentiment." 44 But why allow a fancy to wony you, Wilfrid ? " said I. 44 1 fear it is no fancy," ho answered 'I told Hiss Jennings," said I, "Hint you have been vexed end upset by what you interpreted into a warning." "Did it particularly refer to baby?" she asked. J "Wholly," he responded gloomily. But confound it all, Wilfrid," cried I somewhat impatiently, 41 won't you put this miserable vision into words ? What form did it take ? A warning ! If you choose to view things asquint they're full of warnings. Consider the superstitions winch flourish ; the signs of luck and of ill- i! Hie ro001"1 f the stumble on the threshold, the capsized salt-cellar and th rest of the inventions of the wicked old hg8 J"ho ride a cock-horee on broomsticks. ai j ' crrod talking vehemently with the idea of breaking through the thickness upon his mind, though it was no better than elbowing a fog, "I protest, Wilfrid, I would rather swing at your lower-yard- arm and be cut down after a reasonable time to plomb the deep |>eace of the green silence beneath our keel, than live in a torment of apprehension of shadows, and convert life into a huge mustard poultice to adjust to my qui vering anatomy stagger ing onwards to the grave." He surveyed me with a lack-lustre eye whilst he listened. " Might not this wamintr. as vou call it, Wilfrid," said Miss Jennings, "have been somo brief, vivid dream, the impres sion of which was keen enough, when you awoke, to make you imagine you had viewed what had appeared with open eyes ? " r "Nol" he answered emphatically what I saw I saw as I see you." ' Then it wasn't a voice 1 " I exclaimed. Ko matter," he B&id;, 11 God's eye is upon the innocent. Surely he will pro tect my little one. Still— atiii—" he seemed to struggle with some thought nnd paused. I made up my mind to attempt a bold stroke. 41 Will," said I, "your must bo dearer to you fhtm your wife. Since you are uneasy about the bairn why not abandon a pursuit which, I give you my word, seems to me about as aimless as a chase after the flying shadow of a cloud, and shift yoor helm for home, where you will be able to hare the child by your aide and where there will be no need for warnings relating to her to worry you ? " A dangerous light came into his eyes his strangely cut nostrils enlarged and' trembled ; half a dozen dark moods went like ripples of shadow over his face. I regarded liim steadfastly, but 1 will own not without a good deal of anxiety, for his bearing at tliis moment IiaH the madman in it than I had ever before witnessed. He breathed deep several times before speaking. "You are right, "he said; 44 my child is dearer to me than my wife, butmy honour stands firet of all. For God's sake do not craze me with such suggestions. Look at me!" he cried, extending his arms, gripped here," clasping lus left hand, by my child that in its sweet innocence wouldiwithhold me from this pursuit dfmudJAr-W'auuCua come to my never setting eyes on my baby agmn. Charles ' —his voice sank— 44atyourhand»I should have expected something better than such advice as this. If you are weary of the voyage — " 44 No, no," I interrupted. 44 Why torment me then," he shouted, 44 by representing this pursuit as idle as a chase of shadows ! Is it so? Great heaven, man \ you yourself read out the entry in Captain Puncheon's log-book." " Well, well, Wilfrid," said 1 sooth ingly, 44 1 am very sorry to have said any thing to annoy you. The fact is I am too irosaic in my views of things to be as 1 lelpful as I should like to be in a quest of this sort. Come, shall we go on deck now and see if that chap which I righted from the topgallantyard has hovo into view yet ? " The poor fellow roso slowly from hia chair, straightening up his figure till he looked twice as tall again as he was. His anger had left him. 44 Oh for the privilege," he eTolaimed, 44 of being able to catch but a single glimpse of the future 1 Would to heaven Iliad been born a saint with a glory round my head, for by that light only is it pos sible to interpret the hieroglyphs in which the page of life is printed." 44 Mass JcnningB," said J, "your sunny hftir comes so near to tbe sort of nimbus my cousin desires, that I am sure if you would cast your eyes upon the mystical page that puzzles him you could read it aloud to us both by the light of those golden tresses." " Charles," exclaimed Wilfrid shortly, 44 you are for making fun of everything," and he stalked to his cabin, bub only to fetch his pipe, as f afterwards found. I could not discover, however, that Miss Jenninss wholly agreed in Wilfrid's notion of my ridiculing propensity. CHAPTER XL THE PORTUGUESE BRIG. Right over the 1>owb on cither hand the sky had cleared since tbe early morning ; the fairy drapery of linked, prismatic, shell-like cloud had lifted, leaving the sea- line a dark blue sweep of water against the delicate effulgence of the heavens, and like a star climbing above that most exquisite horizon shone the sail that was approaching us, still distant a fair right miles, but already distinctly visible from tho low altitude of the Brides quarter deck. Sir Wilfrid, leaning over the ride, sent a long yearning look at her, then" with a glance at the man on the top gallantyard he walked over to Finn, who i had relieved the mate at eight bells, and conversed with him. I got a chair for Miss Jennings, fetched her novel— 4he end of the first volume of which seemed still as far off as the Gape of Good Hope —and a rug for her feet, and having made her comfortable I loaded a pipe end squatted myself on deck under the lee of the mainmast. I was not perhaps m the very sweetest of tempers ; for though what 1 had aid below might have been a bit provoking, Wilfrid had turned upon me for it a little too hotly methought. This expedition, to be euro, had a special interest for Jim, si it had a special interest forJrfiaaJjuininga; but so far a J was concerned it 'v a mere sympathetic undertaking. My cousin, to be sure, was 4 wanting ' ; bid; that consideration was hot going to render any indignation I might unwarily provolre in him tbe more endurable. My quarrel, however, just then lay with myarifc was beginning to consider that I had joined Wilfrid in this cruise too huniealyj tliat bad I insisted upon nnne reflection I should have declined slhe adventure for the very good raaonttK» was unable to see how icpuJdjt)B least use to liim in it. ' people selfish ; its andcontracts the reudjuto already 1\. /fel \- - humour might but on what date waathif? "what £ Where waa th is 4hiS" 1 floating iu bcaute Ter th-4 wa3' going to carry me? Heav?"1!. smoke floated from mv lL 1 thought that for months aj 11 f mrght be sundered from m the opera, of which I »« .!! ' fr0In Invar fmm rU. '617 fiTeⅈ billiards, pleasures with winch the ii UeSfrf means loada the blunderbusTof f as a rebuke when I glanred hth£ i" m awkward figure, thought of bS heart-achc that left hha ol wLT?f alept. of hia love for his Woue the dreadful grief and diahonour th.? n a come to £m, of this anZTtlr pursuit upon the boundless sir rfMerf ocean ofa faithless woman, STX'A."1 » all hi — 'jT , . """ngns, so make his eondiirf- a sadder thing than can be described. I peeped round tbe mast for -' .1,. view of Miss Jennings. She l£$£ have lighted on a chapter in the novel £W£ was in teresting. Under the dZHrfw long Ushea her half-cloeod viofet evre £dWth Tr 8 gIeam 1 profile had the delicacy of a cameo, dew and tender, against the soft grey of j, that I should find her pratfineas to hm. nating ; as though, forsooth, she waa tim first sweet girl I had ever seen ! I fifl-a another pipe and sat awhile puEnzabwlv with these lines of haunting bautv run ning m my head ; wsutynm- Han I you «em M : bright lHr«nw. Before rude hsads hare touched itT Have you marked but the fall qf the biow Before tbe sotl bath smutch 'd It J Have you felt tbe wool of the barer? Or hare imeltthebild'J? ShrSl I Oeo white l OeoMftl 0 so sweet it ate 1 The poet is also the prophet: and mav- be, thought L when id &nj02n; planned this faiiy temple of words, he had his eye on some such another little dehcate goddess as that yonder. PraenUy soma- thing of a kind to send Bentiment flying. ujr on sne croud-mailed akv had drawn away down into the NorthwanL until far past our mastheads that waiT it was clear blue heaven with TiTZon ruling lt of a sort of transparent sharpness that made you imagine yon saw the ifa- Jr0nd thr?U«h itM it wen. the edge of some hugelena. The breeze was weak and the yacht's pace very eisurely; there were hints of ValnnUt hand, here "-J_ thnrp. inn — main boom ewang in witii a shortrattlo cf ' canvas in the head of the sail and a flap or two forwards with the smite of the mast by the square topsail as though there were " hands aloft lazily beating a carpet. The vessel ahead was steering dead for ns, her masts in one. She waanndh smaller than I had supposed from the first glimpse I caught of her from 'the masthead— a little brig, apparently, her cloths showing out rusty to the brilliance as she n eared us, albeit, afar they bad shone like a star of white fire. Her hull was of a dirty yellow — a sort of pea-soup colour, and the foot of her foresail was spread by a bentinck boom. She was without an atom of interest in my eyes— - a small foreigner, as I supposed, slug- - giahly lumbering borne to aome Spanish or Italian port with her forecastle filled with chocolate- coloured Dagos, and the. cabin atmosphere poisonous with the lin- gering fumes of bad cooking. Wilfrid and Finn stood looking at her together, the latter raising a glass to Ilia eye from time to time. I knocked the ashes out of my bold and crossed over to them. . " ; " It will be strange if she bss any nowB v .. to give us of the said I. , "We will speak her, of course," said v Wilfrid. - -f;.# " Looks as if she meant to give as the V7- stem," exclaimed Finn, witli a glance aft at the fellow at the helm ; "silt is steer- - ing dead on for us, as if her course were a bee-line and we were athwart it." ; " I expect shell not be able to talk you in English," said I. . . ' "What Is her country, do you think, Mr. Monson ? " asked Miss Jennings, , y closing her volnme and Joining vis. , .< "Italian. What nay you, captain I" f " Well, I can't rightly tell what she is," " be answered, " but I know what she slnlt » — and that s English. He «toppedw&T;?4- . bent on the ensign, and ran it aloft. . " Does she see us I" exclaimed Wilfrid. ' " Really die is steering as if she woffldlg. run ns down." ' I took the captain's glass arid brought? it to bear. She was bow on, nnd fherp ' was no sign of a head over the forecastle | rail — nothing living in the rigeing iot- upon the yards either; iheforeedlsM«i;J coded the run of her sbe&' -"H appears derelict," said I, "withbsrbdm7 secured amidships, and blowing like ihej wind — as skeliateth." - , "Time to get outof lmrWatyWimk,".; grumbled Finn. " Down beUui.«..vV! The turn of a stoke ortoolsgggtllfe stranger on the lee : tow. > jto3ty»» that, on taking auothar rieWiwBrgUW0| tho glass, I observed a-oojmmnj standing near a joUy-boatdmtepjmgtoii a pair of heavy wooden d»itsjBm|wg tucket whaler's on tim'jgrariS them wore a red cap resemHmgtobyteajgg flowerpot; die other, bis companion, gesfaciddtea Jngi |ggg|J|p oeivable vehemence. HiiSIISli "Foreigners of a lraltS!j8|fil "theyllb e no new for us. jpg glaggj All con hnu od n uie t . , the wo . vessels approached eacharysaragwrg though btotoraw iiradi4;jtoggnBi with the Vrater in wbichJilEKaHi representing ahciilylgjSySBliBCTB enontdidatSjJMBC'lrH right < HnMHSngSo colours, BjHamMwgjpWIWBWiP'jon of : BiKBMMSra»rv''motaon:pf a WHm-ioreMji'BS&a;'BO lav all olmclt. BIlllsH SBhuck Jioriiffht up: B|PpSfe5UMKBM8fi M»y Iwoy and wywiBBawBBBNii ot' her Tielm sKaffioKhmSlfekiUare canvas to fho SnSOSScraMaSHi'aaSis fluttering. Wilfrid with HHWlMTilt S®@88@l8Sire coming aboard," BiiroaSwMUiin' -and sure-enough WaWMgSBiainly tiro besides were visible, jpibrar away their baste they K iLMb ihefat fabric E jra $91b|beavily that I looked B staves alongside. K agility of a r SSlfithe!"iiiaa Hie red I x&))$nColts£%iid unhooked tlie blocks, |$ His com- |V awTiilmBelf-aown by tiie other wth then, sitting so tf :tiie-hbat as to oo ik her nose wa s neariy for the yacht as though. iraUlimadf were in'pureuit of them. p53bthey-.%ainfc ? The Bride f" into a huge dap of his knee. h|ryel6g"tiie approadi-of the gkwftrSQisliortf high, lifting stare — mm&M; roira jack, - nostrils round and jenrdflielinpatient horse's. tiie moth for the star ! " p&l;>|jw»feimjngs. "But the simile shipidlbhder red ' nightcap spoils gpanrartnotii. " lS6alfipre;ee6ive them aboard, air f" ft>jifaun pjnn,- : Responded Wilfrid, with l&ikrlBhrtfehoutof; laughter. That there gangway, " sung gbdsmithesteps over the Bide, one Tsroetxange creatures pulled with jpg&ntwhig; contortions. 'Small wonder that HHSSW |«f 4hild4ike disposition that myrtS-inade up ihe Buhstance of gtodWroanlipod, should have been afi#ed hbhriaavagant merriment "by l&eSiM.WondntB; of the two fellows' winmill4ike flourisliings of 'jtotipmg and happing of |Sihtip,-tiie incessant (draining and pblang ths chocolate faces over the nlddrfbo Mb . bow bey-were heading, Silexclatoaijons that sounded from fellowB Were within ear- 0hroiB|hatievar ceased until they had kwhdfetedfeideTdasbed alongside. R?u"V (Tclte continued.) 