TOMBS IN CYPRUS. London Daily News). Even the oldest person who " cannot dig " must be tempted to handle a spade if he were placed on the tod of Cyprus. It may seem a morbid taste, the baits for opening ancient graves, but it is almost as powerful u the gold fever. Little as is generally found, and that little baby, much as The are assured of the tomb has been injured by accidents of soil, and by unsciaitt£¡3 robbers, the gray digger is always buoyed up by hope. He may have the luck to hit on a ring, a weapons terra-cotta figure, or a cup, that will take its place among the famous relics of old time, and his turn may be preserved in (lemal association with his discovery. But tomb robbing, in Cyt run at least, a full of disappointment. General Concha and others appear to have taken the cream of what the island holds, and the merest skim milk is left to later Lucliah digger. Among these Messrs Monro, E A. Gardner, and Tubbs have published an account of their doings in the Journal of Hellenic Studies They have disturbs! the secular repose of the Greek dead to but little pampas, though thatofcoursciscotUieirlanlt. shot duration, which was partly the site of the old town of Aramac, founded by Ptolemy Philadelphus on the mind, of alter the ruin of Manum In the neighbourhood win copper mines of the clan to date, and these have had worked again to little avail. However, the abandoned works supplied lamps and mining tools in the removal corner of the island. They began in a vineyard, in which the Greek name means finding," but, capital of the open, they found little, and they sought a new site the Cyprian peasants are allowed to keep any inscribed slabs of stone from sepulchral, and in a quarrel over this property the question was, had the man who claimed through his grandfather, or he who rested on the rights of his grandmother the legal preference i This little Hit in traditional law was really as interesting as almost a; thing that was unearthed in gold, bronze, or clay. Labour in Cyr rus la cheap, and costs about 8d a day. Some diggers, in the rough, used spades and pickaxes, more delicate and skilled hands groped with the point of the knife. They found not much that could tempt rural cupidity. The native has no use for the very ordi- nor) yellow clay mugs and jugs which are chief parts of the dead man's portable property. There was a curious scarab in a ring, true westward few gold rings, more mortuary jewellery, too small to be worn. The Cypriotes appear to have been placed at economical as the Chinese, who furnish their departed friends with thrifty articles in gilt paper Out and woman who owned a yard believed that a pot of gold was hidden in it. A red vase of some antiquarian interest did not quite console her for the absence of the more modem treasure The best thing unearthed perhaps was a slab of marble with the figure of a bearded man in relief. The beet gold ring was of no great moment, to its owner, for some reason, had not cau6cdthiieal on it to be engraved la fina the remnants of ancient wooden coffins, with their bronze nails, is a succession disagreeable to the melancholy moralist, but it does not compensate for the absence of more exciting wares. Antiquaries must be content with what they can get jugs and mugs, red swallow, painted or plain, all of them useful, perhaps, as bits of evidence towards the construction of theatres, but not what one expects from the ancient civilisation of the use of venus. Inscriptions, too, in the old Cypriot character, so long a mystery, may have their merits in the eyes of student. But the world at large would like something more in the style of the Arabian Northland golden statue of Aphrodite on a couch of gold, of fine) mist of Borne half Greek, half Assyrian king, or a near statue like that of Milo, one thing rather than clay dolls made with what the Germans call "the snow nun tech onions." One beautiful head of a little boy Cyprus has yielded to our museum, and it prov m that Greeks could really represent children in art, and did not always design them as mere little men. This head is as charming as the figures of babies by Andrea della Robbie in 1 bundling Hospital at Florence A similar piece exists at Argos, and it is probable that many more are hidden by the jealous earth she guards her Cypriot treasures well, for more treasures assuredly there must be to find, but many difficulties the way of getting permission from Turkish women beset the explorer. A Turk, however anti-union is human enough to ask a large price for during under his wheat At best the ancient Cypriot, however, was a poor and the artist he had not the Athenian fire nor IN grace of tangra, but pinched his clay rudely enough. The best things that have been unearthed in his son were probably of foreign importation We must be the diggers better luck as a reward for their energy and scholarship They need more money, too asks- the Society for the Promotion of Hollomo Studies en place in their hands But till they have the good fortune of Dr Schliemann perhaps public enthusiasm will be tardy in absorbing Near Sparta gold wig with figures of bulls and men, of date extremely ancient, have recently been found in a tomb, and east with two holes in the blade like that through wife OdyeseuB shot his arrow Why have we no gold bow and men in our distinguished island of As in Vase' box, Hope always remains at the bottom of the grave, and we can only look in hope for better luck in in future. ______^_--____ The Journal of the Psychical BeaeaKi Societycontainaaourious "ghost" story It"" municated by Major L ,'. who says-' °"*,S clear night, many years ago, I and a brother went home between 10 and 11 o'clock, after ,«pe»*W«" evening with some of hands On our way along tMfflP road we passed a small villa situated close to tears shore An open level grass lawn lay in front, ready to the road where we stood, from which it was"!" by a low wall. The lawn was enclosed on each side by walls and small trees, the house mm in the open space directly opposite us, as 160 or 200 yards distant. Our attention is somehow attracted, and we saw what appeared a be three indistinct figures in white which seems rise as it were, from the ground in front of the T? Tho figure in the centre was taller than the other "J watched for some time and finally the figures lawns just as they had risen I think there wassaUgu declivity in the ground close to the house, was probably built on a lower level, and thus theatre described might be accounted for if_?B"re'^ proached from the base of the house There wearing homes in the immediate vicinity, but, so far as {?» remember, they were closed at that hour, and We were no people about I feel »'"»«Jj rain that the villa was not they say unless it may have been by a caretaker On among home we related what we had seen, and were, of even laughed at, and indeed the matter did nominators impression upon us, and in a short time V*»*£L. our minds Some years afterwards I want now abroad with my regiment when I received a letter a member of my family who was present on was. referred to, recalling my memory to it, fnd»»"g,M| the lawn had recently been broken up that in JW is indicated by three skeletons had been found a, cheque In the centre was the tallest I «n<"J?îï, that there was no story or legend assisted, Xl, place, that the discovery of the skeletons «»«"JJi^J surprise, and that, so far as I am aware, no (His f been found to their identity or history." 