MISCELLANEOUS (READINGS. Stn WaLTnE SCoTr said that guilt, tohgh lt mai" attain temporal Splendour, can never n?mer real happiness. Tih evil consequences of crime long survive their commission, and like the ghosts of the mnurdered, for ever haunt the steps of the malefactor. The paths of virtue, though very seldom those of worldly greatness, are always those of pleasantness and peace. TIaE JOHuSs OF IIISTORY.-It is remark able that many of the historical persons who bore this name were unfortunate either in theirlivesor in their dentis. England has had but a single King John, and be was one of the meanest and eruellest rulers that ever filled her throne. JohnBaliolsometime King of Scotland, was just as poor spirited and eontemptible. Of the twenty-three Popes John, three died in jail; two were murdured; one was imprisoned for three years; and one died from the fall of a house. Of the seven Emperors of the East (Con stantinople) called John. one was poisoned; another blinded; a third was monarch in name only; and a fourth gave up the throne on-ing to his worries. Plenty of other instanes could be quoted to show tohat this name, in connection withll royal power. as been sin?glarly unlhappy for many of tihe wearers ef it. nFI"ECTe OF A Wa.ir-TOLD TALEs des A Cissa's SesmrrLrrTes.-soothing appeals ao strongly to the imagination, the seasi ilities, tithe moral nature of a child, as a well-told tale. They rebel against what is commonly called preaclng,"e but the greatest rebel of them all will yield to tile noftening innfluencs of a tale tlat carries its lessons with it. Is not that enoogh? But the story does more. It broadens their vicws, cultivates their finer feeling, des tros selfishness, teaches them to appreciate their relations with others, and planes dowa the rough places that would fill their lives witl fnction. This much it does to them m.orally A soung mind must have recreation as well as a voung body. The story brighltens ian, refreshes it, brushes away the cobwebs that will gather even at a tender age, and fits it to return with new vigour to its more serions work. More than that, it adds to the cliil's information iby cqnaintinng him or her with certain phases of life, with maners and cu?toms tlhat are not taught gby mere history. By all means, then, let the childrenl read stories. IN THE Twe NTIETIt CExTU-.-In tlhe home, the cooking stove and kitchen maid are no more. Clothes-makln, soap-mlnking, starch-making, laundry wor , coffee-lrown ing. yeast-making, butter-making--all are gone. Send after them-or ratller sa, that organised industry is already taking along with these-the remaining work of cookint and cleoning. This state of tlings colaing as sure as fate, and when it comes the deliverance will Ie so great tlhat gene rations yet unborn shalll rise sip to bless tile workings of this beneecient law. The city of tile future will not build houses in oquares, giving to every house an indivi doal kitchen and prison-like back yail. It will rather build them all aroend an open sqcnare, and the part now dislgured wit f the itclhen will be given over for a householia sitting-room or nursery, opening into a great, green space, welre ebildren shall play in safety and tlroug which tile free air of heaven shall blos into the lmuses surrounding it. In every square will be found a scientifically constructed building containing a laundry and a great kitchen, alpplied with every modern appliance for nkilled and scientifie cookery, and also for uending into every dining-rooI any desired qlnntity or variety of food. The iclivi duality of the home and the home table will be preserved, and the kitchen smells and waste and "lhired girl" will all be banished. TIaE I?ArLoxIAN ronn.--lihy alre or hiours and minutes divided into sixty parts? Simply and solely because in ctabylon there existed, by thie side of the decimal system of notation, anotlherssletm, tihe sexagesimal,wliilch counted by aixties. Why that nunmber should have been chosen is clear enough, and it speaks well for the practieal sense of these ancient Babylonian merchants. There is no number whichl has so manydivisors as sixty. ThIe Babylonian way of reckoning time was carrisd along on the quiet stream of traditional know ledge through the middle ages, and, strange to say, it sailed don-n safely over the inagara of the French Revolution. For thoreneh, whien revolutionising weights, measures, coins and dates, and sublectitg all to the decimal system of reeloning, were induced by some unexplained motive to respect our clocks and watches, and allowed our dials to remain sexagesimal- that is, Babylonian,. each hlour consisting of sitty minutes. HIere you see ogain tie wonderful coherence of the world, and how what wo call knownledge is the reilt of an unbroken tradition of a teaching descend ing from father to son. SAIFEse IS ConSUTED.--Thie lift, or ele vator, in German homses is not dipldayeed ostentatiously. It is behind iron loors, to be detected only by inspection, and is movcd by clanking chains. Thie deliberation of the lroceeding is its most distinguishing char acteristic. You stand in tre great tlll of tie lhotel and silently await developments. Everybody else has the greatest plenty of time. Presently. from thie nknown inte rior, iron doors fly open, and a soldierlv looking servant, with brass buttons on his cap, preoccupied witlh his responsibilities, steps forth with an air of majesty. The doors clang as they sawing, and the lift is there, rather primitive, but elaborate in construction. Perlhaps there may be five passengers ready to get aboard. When four nave taken positions, tile master of tie elevator waves the fifth backwardl with tihe awful air of authority, and, if tle rejected one is an American urgent to go up at once, he is told peremptorily that there are places "only for four." The iron doors are banged, the engines neave, and tilhe noss.ive maclhine moves. Safety is consulted I Itere is a masterly mechlanism that might swing a pairof leplants of the size of Jumbo, but an attempt to lift at once more than four persons would be regarded as an affront to the empire. Tihe thincg's impos sible. C.-Ia OF Ian FIcGOER NAILS.-If care fully attended to, the delicate half moon of the'finger nail will increase in time, and even where it has been almost obliterated, will grow to be very bcautiful. Mtny people think that pushing tile skin back from the nail will slmw it more, and .by this practice tihe delicate hem, as we call it whlich holds the upper and under skins together, is totally destroyed, and the ends of tlihe fingers have an ugly, yellowv growtlh encircling tihe nail instead of the delicate framework which nature intended. Tlhen tihe way inwhlich the nail is cut can totally changeo tie alap of the fingers. lBy cutting the nails close at the sides and keeping tile corners from adhering to the skin, hang- nails can he avoided. Wcere the nails are thin and inclined to break, frequent oiling is necessary, and the nails should never be polished except srwlen some oily-substance is used beside the powder. This 'keeps tli nails more pliable, and no matter iow tbin they are,if properly treated, they are no moro liable to breaki thtan richer ones. Another tlhing that is bad for the nails is polishing them too roughly, They salonld be light!y toucled and not rubbed until they become heated. This is one cause of white spots coming on thle nail and mar ring its beauty. LIFt cx. LAnnso n.--The number of stockings worn by the people is often as tounding.- Four, lee, and sometimes alialf dozen are used inside their sealskin boots. There is nothing striking about the dress of the few whlitoawomen save that theyremind one in the mountain of clothing they bundle upon themselves, of the tremendous skirts oetllenwomenof Irish Connemaro. But the Indian women of the south and the Eskimo women of tim north aro wonderfully- ap pacelled, Anything, they can get their hands upon possessmg gorgeous colour is used for. decoration. They almost equnl American women in this respect Perhaps this is morenoticeablo among tie women of time St. Lawrence moast than with- the nortlmrn Eskimons The dress of the latter usually consists: of hugo 'seal skin boots, petticoats, a seal skin garment covering the whole person from the neck to tim knees, trimmed with whlito for, a enp envlOpieg the entire head, and a sort onf baggy cape or hlood iane"ng down tie back, in which their fat little babies, ame carried. Only among tlbn half-breed women ame them forms and faces:that are as attntive as civilized fclkjudge these tkingn. Tle com pensation is here, hlowever; for nearly all Eskimo women will measure in girth what they will in.heighit; and all forms ef fat represenit tie Labredoriia idea of both utility and beaut'. 