St. Andrew's, South. Brisbane, At St. Andrew's, South Brisbane, two com- murlon servioea wero held dating tho mo.eing, and the usuaI eventide service at night. Tho p> 'pit 'hronghout toe day waa filled by toe Rev. Mr. Hunt, there boingafairly goad congre- gation uj sncaohoccasion. Withoutany attempt at j.ofuBion, tho niter and pulpit wero simply but effectively decorated in a manner snitablo to 'bo ocossion. At the midday worship the raueical portion of too eorvioo consisted of the To Eenm and Benedlotus in F by Winchester, and Stoiuer's anthem, " Oh Zion that Brings G'-d ridings." In se'eoting as his text John iU. 16, "For God co loved the world that He gave Hie only baloved Son, that whomever believeth in H everiesting life " — the preaoher at hts mo. sing delivery said it was »asy enough to piotnro the events of too first Ohrislmes Day, toe birth day of Christ their King. They remombercd how Joseph and Maiy arrived at Bethlehem, and finding no room at the inn had 'a take eholter in a stable, where the King of Kings wsa ba;j. What thought fhonld thoy havo on their mtads npon tho anniversary of that day? Thl —In thoao events they raw tbo tckon of ho love of God rcto a cinfal world. Thoy Laow it was too ever otoioal God who for everlasting had existed — tho Son with the Father. Tnero elwa/B wes a Father, Son, and Holy Ghost, and the only d'ffcrenre between toe Father end Son was that too Father bad ife in Himself, and to toe Son He gave life ; ltoe same life in both, only too ono had It and toe o'her received it. If tooy oonld piotare too state of uuin after toe fall thoy would seo how utterly bopeleaa it mast have been. From tho time oi man's ex- fnlsion from Eden they oonld nndorstand ow ho had beoome Ihe Brave, of Satan, looking npon God aa an enemy. Then they might rca'lee better than they did now, those three gif'a that Ohtlst had brought tnnm,— rccon- od'ation, redemption, and resurreaUon. Whou those were roalhcd no wonder mon desired ts csme to ohnrch on Christmas Day to rendor thanks to Gcd. Let them show first how thank ful they were to God by worshipping Him in iho life, and then put into practice, If so need ful, the same forgiveness to toossamongst them. If in suoh a spirit tooy kept Christmas it wonid indeed be a nappy one, and although God's hand might have fallen heavily on others they rhonld ask for Bueh that His lovo he revived in reconciliation, redemption, and resurrection, rnd then for thoao otoors Christmas would also become blees'.-d. 