.A LITTLE; EXPERIEIiCE " By One ok Them. 4 I am going to tell you the story of an engagement that i once filled. Yon will have to be satisfied with the assurance that I am an actor, without Yearning my name. There are those who coutd tell, if they knew me, the names of the people concerned in my narrative, and I do not wish to be personal. 1 was not very well .known ar. tnat time — not even so well as I am now, which is saying a great deal — and the season was a bad one. My friend Bob assured me that Mr. Roadstar had had a company out all the season before, and had made money. I afterwards learned that the shrewd young star and manager had told him this, so he got it from first hands. Told him at the time he spoke of my joining his company, too ; so Bob had it fresh. If the fact that he engaged me thirty hours before we left town, and the circumstance that, with a com pany of young people, he had one partial rehearsal on Saturday when he was to open on Monday, gave me any misgivings, I put them aside. I fancy actors must be much like other people, and look at things, not as -they are, but as tliev would have them. Apropos, I found Mr. Roadstar quite willing, all through the trip, that we should look at things in that way. Well, we got away to the country, one of several theatrical parties starting out for the season. Ours was the most modest of the number ; yet I reflected that despite the pretensions of the others we were all bound for the same goal. Oddly enough, we came in first, .too — but let that pass. It was a beautiful moon light evening in the early autumn, and everybody 'seemed to be in the best of spirits — even some genial souls that had plenty of spirits in them. We rehearsed all the next day, and at night opened to a house just large enough, the manager told us, to advertise the show and fill the theatre for the next two nights. Everybody was tired and nervous after the day's hard work ; the play was a heavy one and had not received one thorough rehearsal, and had to be repeated the next night, for nothing else could be got ready. Consequence : Our first stand was a dead failure— for which the Mr. Roadstar roundly cursed his company. On the third night we put up another play, as insufficiently rehearsed and as badly played as the first. The jump the next day cost at least twice as much as it should have cost, and when we got to the next town we found that the local manager — we had no advance man ; Roadstar attended to this himself, and raved expenses — had displayed our paper to such good i : i c that nui. .. 'y knew of our coming. I shall .Vii ':c; how . in some Roadstar looked that night i as he si.o.T by i he boor, taking tickets — I mean, he ! woub: have' taken tickets if there had been any to ki'.Ue. i vlm.k even a rush of cold air would have been j it-welcomo novelty to him. .xlt-hougl) ! hat! neon assured that the time was- hiled for a long season It -.fore joining the partv, the next day. Friday, oar next stand was secured, and the On Sat urday idghii we added another play to "our" rep?1.": ore : anil, jv? it was impossible to get out of town at tec I b >. performance, or early Sunday morning, we S si.ayod in the hotel all day Sunday. It was a good I plaV, and cor.ivined many good lines, which I am sure : vb-Nannpany would have taken pleasure in introducing j to vhe audience if they had been better acquainted '-witlLisssMi themselves. As it was, one man — not the ' jM-ompteiv who was not- by any mean's . ?$4rto carry the piece: -AT 'thin. stmKj»-0£ three nights length, does not / It was very like the two cii y On the first night in the next town AyJjinMlest audience Ave had yet faced, r; a heavy rain, that made us mi lite ; we thought of how the whole tow$i|p'advtui'b-Wl out to attend a political meeting inurt'lTouseAwould get drenched. But the -comtoanyvjiy this tiune had got easy in their parts, ahdgaYe a yerjy fair /performance ; so that our business incr/Wl,Hmfl .;oiY Saturday night we had a .-welbfilledJicAlse.- \Yfy" the manager did not cancel 'his next.datey and stay there until he had worked tlie town to death, Y"' cannot imagine. Tins is the time honored custbin with such managers, I am given to understand. . tVl k on rt o In n » -\ n Ltt 4-1-. n R £ a'aa. j.«uoiuoiwij umiwi \ uy% uiic guuu uoubU, at) Icir forgot himself as to say that' now that the company was_ doing creditable work he would , go into the section of county where he was a favorite, while he had told us before that he owned every place we had been in. I heard one cynic (can you guess who that cynic was?) say that lie wished the tenants would pay up, so that Roadstar might do likewise. This reminds' me that during the whole trip certain members of the company showed a great liking for walking in grave yards ; but whether they thought that ghosts walk in these places and they might see one, is something that I never could find nnt, The next two places we visited were smaller than the first four, so we stayed in each of them for a week. The first one was thoroughly covered with dodgers at- 4 p.m. on the day we opened there, and the audience at night didn't befit this fact. This was a stroke of good fortiine, as the company for some unaccountable reason imitated a crab that I have heard about some where, and went backward, giving a very bad per formance — that is, worse than usual, I mean. Another thing, as we did not have a repertory large enough for a week's stand, we were able to repeat the opening night's bill without keeping anybody away because he or she had seen the piece before. Business improved throughout the iveelc, and on Saturday night the company, without the star, gave a very even performance of "East Lynne" before as large an audience as we saw on our trip. Right here I 'wish to assure a certain mischievous Bohemian, who w looking over my shoulder, while the smoke from his pipe is laying the base for a superstructure of strong " # language on the part of some compositor — that we dul notplay " Uncle Tom's Cabin"— we only studied and . J... rehearsed it.) A new leading lady had been added to our party during the week, and with but three days notice she played Lady Isabel in a way that -would _ be creditable to a much older actress, with plenty of time for preparation. . To this pleasant girl I am indebted for many pleasant hours while she remained with us. What low talks we took together ! What talks we had ! When tlie time that she was to leave the company drew near, liow we forgot the value of sleep, as we talked and jested and laughed until, almost time to see "the morn, in russet mantle clad !" V\ e liave never met since ; But I know she will, not soon forget the beautiful country we saw at that time; the great hills, with their bright Autumn tinted foliage and suoav covered tops ; the quiet, still green valleys; the pretty, half hidden brooks and rivers. None but the severest storms could keep us indoors, and most - of the days were perfect. Well, our next Aveek's stay was in a place too small to support a church fair and a theatrical company at one and the same time, and the fair was not affected by the weather (which got into the habit of raining after sunset, though the days were invariably pleasant) as much as we were. From this time forth tlie hotel landlords began to take an interest- in the company — not a monetary interest, but they got into the theatre -with passes every evening, and " sized lip the house " Local printers, too, and country bailiff's, with their comedy air of secrecy, began to interview Mr. Roadstar in a way tliat niusc nave ueen very annoying lu cm artistic temperament. — but was great fun for tliev company, of whom I must say that when tilings were darkest their wits were brightest- the lower the fund, the higher their spirits. Tlie end came in a little town that I shall never forget, because of the pleasant people I met and the pleasant days I spent there. Nowhere else did Ave find such intelligent, appreciative audiences. It is true that we opened there to a small audience, bub that was due to lack of advertising. The second night, a very rainy one, we had a much better house. Then several of the company went away to accept other engagements, and Ave were forced to stop for a few days, as Ave could not play our old pieces. . We began to study a neAv play, to bring it out at a benefit tendered the company. When that benefit niglit came, we faced a fine audience, composed of the best people of the toAvn. They came expecting to see a good performance of a play that Avas then attracting attention everywhere, a play that depended entirely on the star, and in which all the other parts — Avliich Avere carefully studied and played — Avere all feeders, and they Avere disappointed because our star and manager, Avith a total disregard for right, and honor, and gratitude, had neglected to study his lines ! 