HOW A STARVING MAN FEELS. 3L. Ion the first two days through which * strong and hculthy mau is doomed to exist upon nothing': his Bufferings are perhaps more acute than in the remaining stages ; be feels an inordinate, unspeakable craving at the stomach night and day. The mind runs npon becf, bread, and other substances; but still m a great measure the bod; retains it* strength. On tie third and fourth days, bai especially on the fourth, this incessant craving ogives pluco to a sinking and weakness of the stomach accompanied by nausea. The unfortunate sufferer still desires food, but with alJodS of strength he loses that eager craving which is felt in the earlier stageB. Should he chance to obtain a morsel or two of food, ho swallows it with a wolfish avidity ; but five minutes afterwards his sufferings are more intense than ever. He feels as if lie, hod swallowed a living lobster, which is clawing and feeding upon the very foundation of his existence. On the fifth day bis cheeks suddenly appear hollow and sunken, bis body attenuated ; his colour is ashy pale, and his eyeB wild, glassy, and cannibal-like. The different parts of the system now war with each other. The stomach calls upon the legs to go with it in quest of food ; the legs,, from weakness,, refuge. The sixth day brings with it incieased suffering, although the pangs of huwjer are lost in an overpowering languor an& sickness. The head becomes giddyf; the , ghosts of well-remembered dinners pass in 'hideous processions through the mind* -Tfye seventh day comes, bringing increasing lassitude ana further, prostration of strength. The arms hang lifelessly, the legs drag heavily, the desire for food is still left, to a degree* but it must be brought, not sought. The miserable remnant of life which still hangs'to the sufferer is a burden almost too grevious to be borne ; yet his inherent love of existence induces a desire still to preserve it if it can be saved without a tax on bodily exertion. The mind wanders. 'At one moment he thinks hiB wearied limbo cannot suatuin him a mile ; the next be is endowed with unnatural strength, and i ■ if there be a certainty of relief before him dashes bravely and strongly forward, wondering whence proceeds his new and sudden i impulse. 