THE RELIGIOUS CARD PLAYER. A private soldier by the name of, Richard Lee was taken many years ago before a magistrate of Glasgow, for playing cards during divine service. -A sergeant commanded, the, soldiers at church, and.w hile', be : ..th iet e p arr p eead ih ry p d' took the text. T!lhose' who had a Bible took it out,' biut this soldier ha'!neither Bible nor.Coin mo ' Prayer Book, but pulling out a pack of cards he spread thein before him. He first looked at one card .andt then at another. . The sergeant saw him and said, SRichard, put up the cards; this is no place for them.' ' Never mind that,' replied Richard. When the service-was over the con stable took Richard a prisoner and brought him before the magistrate. 'Well,' said the magistrate, ' what have you brought the soldier here for ?' ' For playing cards in church.' ' Well, soldier, what have you to say for yourself.' SMuch, sir, I hope.' 'Very good; if not, I will punish you severely.' 'I have been,' said the soldier, ' about six weeks on the march. I have neither Bible nor Common Prayer Book; I have nothing but a pack of playing cards, and hope to satisfy your worship of the purity of my intentions.' Then spreading the cards before the bailie, lie commenced with the ace. ' When I see the ace, it reminds me that there is'but one God. When I see the deuce it reminds me of Father and Son. When I see the three, it reminds me of Father, Son, and Holy Ghost. When I see the four it reminds me of the four evangelists that preached Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John. The five reminds me of the wise vir gins that trimmed their lamps. There were ten, but five were wise, and five were foolish, and were shut out. The six remind me that in six days the Lord made heaven and ehrth. The seven reminds me that on the seventh day God rested from; the great work which he made andl hallowed it. The eight reminds me of the eight righteous persons who were saved when God destroyed the world-viz:, Noah and his wife, his three sons, and their wives. The nine reminds me of the nine lepers who were cleansed by our Saviour. There were nine out of ten who never returned thanks. The ten reminds me of the ten com mandments which God handed' down.to Moses on tablets of stone. The king reminds of the Great King of Heaven. The queen reminds me of the Queen of Sheba, for she was a woman as he was a man. She brought 50 boys and 50 girls, all dressed in boys apparel, for King Solomon to tell which were boys and which were girls. The king sent for water for them to wash. The girls washed to the elbows, and the boys to the wrists; so King Solomon told by that. ' Well,' said the bailie, 'you have described every card in the pack except one.'. 'What is that ?' 'The knave.' ' The greatest knave is the man who brought me here.' 'When I count how many spots there are in a pack of cards I find, 365, as many days. as there are in a year. The 'number of cards is the same as weeks in a year, 52, There are twelve picture cards in a pack. representing the num ber of months in a year, and on counting the tricks I find 13-the number of weeks in a quarter. So you see a pack of cards serves for a Bible, almanac,, and Common Prayerbook. Charge dismissed. 