FOPICS OF THE DAY. At tho Works deputation yesterday Coun cillor Styles, of Willinmstown, wbo con structed much of the underground draiuago of Adelaide, ami tbo sewage farm there, stated that in his opinion tbero was not a properly-constructed sewer in tho whole uf Victoria, l)r. 1'uarsou said that if districts such as Bruuswick and Coburg, where the formation was of blue- stoiio, wcro compelled to construct their sewers and drainage works out of local works, the retina would become so great that iho railway employes ami artiion classes who resided there would bo driven nut of them into Melbourne, IVahran, ami other municipalities, and so by over crowding them defeat tbo nmiu objects of the Hill. His Kxcollency tho Earl of Hopetoun, Governor of Victoria, accompanied tiy Lady UopctnuD and Captain ami MrsAclaiul Hood, arrived fromSuuUi Australia by tho Adelaide express tliU moruinu. The party wero re ceived on arrival at Spencer street by Cap- tnin Wttlliuvton, private secretary, nml wuru driven in carriages, which were in waiting, to Government The viceregal party were, during their stay lif the »Sonlh Aus tralian capital, guciU of the Earl and Countess of Kiutorc. Tho Hoard appointed to enquire into the claims of third-class teacher to promotion, sat at tiic Treasury this morning and examined into the claim preferred by Mr J. Hamilton, of Hallnrat. As, howuver, ho was not in a position to produce evidence uf the character requested hy the hoard, Mr Hamilton subsequently withdrew hi claim, and tho Board adjourned to next Friday. Mrs Fanny Badger, 30 years of ago, married woman, residing at No. 8 David street, Carlton, was admitted to the Mel bourne Hospital, by I)r KraccwcU, to-day, suffering from a fractured leg. She wus running across the street to a neighbor's boose, wben she fell and sustained the above injury. There is a strong feeling amongst tho residents of Caulfiold ancnt the uudeaira- bility ot that white elephant, the Kosstowu Junction Hallway, being allowed to remain hi statu quo any longer. A mi ruber of prominent local residents have taken up tho matter, and are about to form a company to buy tho whole concern, and a public meeting is to be called on an early unto to discuss this miostion. It is said that tha Kosstowii Junction Com pany own laud through Elstcrnwick, nud on to l'urk street, Elwood, whore it Is said that the Hallway CoiiitnissioiiorH intend that a station on the St KUdit via Elwood to Brighton line will be built. They havo (tho running powers over a portion of tlio existing lines. Should tills )m an accomplished fact there is a great future in sloro for Elstcrn wick. At a mooting of prominent residents of Ehtcruwick, who hnVe lor sumo timo past met as the Eisteruwiek Improve ment Association, tha above facts wore com- mnuicatcd by M rCoppln.onoof tho members of the committee of theAssociatiun. A strong feeling of disgust at tho acUous of thu Hallway Commissioners in not grantiim creator facilities for travelling frooi and to Klnternwick, was given expression to, nnd the state of tho station buildings ou the cost side condemned very strongly. It was said tlmt at least eight of tho porters had during last slimmer bcou laid up -through discaso contracted whilst on duty, their room and its surroundings, as well ns the ladies waiting room, being iu a most disgracefully insanitary coudition. It was also pointed out that most probably scvoral deaths that bad occurred in Glen Huntly road might be traced to tho bad and insanitary coudition of tho station urinals, the dralnsgo from which flows out via Homo street aud Glon Huntly road, and in the summer season casts forth a most unpleasant odor. It was pointed out also that the Council of the Shire of Caullield had repentodly brought (Ids matter before tho Hallway Commis sioner, but nothing liad liccn dona to improve matters, and they had serious thoughts of taking steps to condemn the building as entirely uulit for human use. Tho late health officer for the shire, Dr. Irwin, a short timo before his dcatbstrongly coudumnod tho buildJncr, which ho said wiui sufficient to bred all sorts of malignant diseases. It was decided to bring this matter under tho notice of the Publio Health Board, with a vlow to compelling tho Railway Commissioners to destroy tho old buildings and orcot others of a far more sanitary description In their ptoco. On the question of mote frequent trains, it was agreed to call a publio meeting and show tho Railway Commissioners that oven by their own admission, the con cession asked for should bo granted. Air Duigau quoted from a communication re ceived from the Railway 'Commissioners, In which they said, 11 that In thoir npiulon, except during tho vory busy hours of tho day, tho train accommodation was amplo." "That's just It," told Mr Duigan/'atid dur ing tho busy hours of tho day ' let us liava moro frequent traius." His. Excellency tho Gcvernor-iu-Council has been pleased to appoint Mr W. L. Bailliou, of Muuro . and uallUou, a sworn valuator under the provisions of tboTrausfor of Land Act, 1690, the said appointment having bcou gazetted in the Government Gazetto of yesterday's date, Mr W. M. Forster has resigned his posi tion as manager of the Newsboys' Try Excelsior Class at the Gordon Institute, aud Mr C. P. Barbor, wbo bos boen lopg staoolatod with Mr Forstorin the work, nasbeenappoiatod totho post. At last nicht's meeting of the class, class, Mr Barlicr presided, and told the boys that a halt had boen obtained in Little Collins street, and in a few weeks would be open for tho use ol those lads who found thu Gordon Institute too far away from their work iu tho city. Dcspito tho superior accommodation and conveniences of the Institute, tho need ot a central hall within oasy reach of the boys en- g»g?«l in selling papers has been felt ever since tho class removed from tho old hull in Littlo Collins street. Mr Barber last night acknowledged tho follow ing donations with thank:— Thistle Co., cakes; "Illustrated London News" Co., current number of that paper; Mr Miller, Spencer street, load ot firewood ; Mr John Lang, Bourku street, tnnguzincs ; Mr Wilson, .ShuUord, magazines ; Mm Aikernmle, St. Rilda, clothes Mrs Walts, Frsnkston, clothes ; Mr Smith, Fitzroy, clothes; Mr Somervoil, London, per the bon. 'James Balfour, M.L.C., fur kindness shown to two nephews, L2U ; collection at Mclbouraa Branch of tha Australian Natives' Association, L3 lis "d. A 44 Wife and Mother " writes 44 As it apMiar8 to be the fashion now-o- days to fonn unions, may 1 suggest, through your valuable columns, that it is only right tliat wo, the wives and mothers !o these colonies, should nnite to form a union for the purpose of regulating oar hours of labor ? We reap no benefit from the Eight Hours' system. Wo are often on doty from early morning till late at night, and very frequently parts of the night also, Saturday and Sundays as well ; all throughout the year, cooking, shremog, washing, ironlug, and only knock ing off work to commonce sewing and mend ing the household garments, aud if baby is teethirid, or otherwise cross, we have to walk up and down the bouso witli bun. lest our husbands rest should bo disturbed ; and all this without any extra pay or over time, only our food and clothing, and some times we are grumbled at 'for expecting oven that ! Now, Sir, I think tlio eight hoars' system a grand invention, and that tlio men show their spirit in going out on striko, because askcil to work a 44 quarter of an hour "over the time without extra pay i But surely fair play is bonniu and the men should bo as anxious to Imvu thu eight hours system extended to their wives as to themselves. The old world pro verb says, " Men work from sun to sun, but women s work is never done." No man in these free lands would be allowed to work such hours, and having gaiucd their point they should concede the satno privilege to their wives ; and If the husbands will not agree to these conditions wives and mothera will bo eventually com pelled to go out ou strike. I suggest that » deputation of wives and mothers (if thoy can leave their work for an hour) should wait on the Trades' Hull Council to ask their advice ou thu matter. Wo only want eight hours work, eight hours recreation aud eight hours rest, fair wages und overtime. The Imperial Federationisu of the BritiHh doininiou have subscribed to the erection of a national memorial to purputuato the nutno und tame of the right lion. W. li. Dulluy, and tho ceremony of unveiling it was duly performed on Thursday morning (writes our London correspondent In thu crypt uf St. Paul's Cathedral In thu presence of a lorce uterine of repre sentative colonists. Mr Charles Dallny, a son of tho deceased statesmen, stood by the side of Lord Roscbcry,who, as Prcsidcut of the Imperial Federation League, officiated with customary groco and tact on this unique occasion. After dlscloHiig the memorial to the view of tho Assembly, Lord Rosebcry, iu a few aud wcll-solcctcd words, alluded to the fact that this was the first memorial erected to a colonist in the Metro politan Catnodrul of London, aud declared that it marked A new milestone iu the patli they wero travelling. 44 We conse crate it," ho added, 44 with sympathy and reverence to tho memory of ouo who was not merely a Colonial Minister but on Imperial Statesman." It will interest Australians to know the prccisu location of tho Dalley MotnorUl. It stands next to tiio monument of Sir Hurtle Frero, and unite close to the tomb of the immortal Nelson. It is composed of an octagonal slab of grey marble with a circular re cess, in which the head of tho l&tn; Australian statesman is (lisnlnyed in bold relief in Carrara mnrbio. it is a very ele gant and faithful piece of work, aud re flects considerable . credit on Sir J. E. Rouhm, who designed tho medallion nud portrait, aud Mr Penrose, llio architect of St. Paut's, under whoso personal supervision tbe memorial was erected. Mr J. C-.Williamcon is apt to become n trifle frisky when he gets beyond the moderating; influcnco of Ids steady-going partner, Mr Arthur Garner. It is reported (says our London correspondent), that he has ma- lo a singular wtwer with Mr Marcus Mayer, a well-known American theatrical matiagor. Tho bet is that Mr Mayor cannot travel from San Francisco to Paris in 10 days. Mr Mayer declares that ho can do it, 'and is now en gaged iu tho attempt. To succeed ha must arrive In Paris between fivo and half-past on tho afternoon of 24th July. If he achieves tho feat, Mr Williamson, in accordance with the terms of the wager, must entertain 24 of the theatrical celebrities of Paris at din ner on 24 successive evenings, which will cost him a prutty penny. Possibly, tho wholo story is ouo of those audacious in ventions iu which Yankeo journalists delight. Tho long-talkcd-of Slavin and M'AuIiflb encounter lias assumed deiinito shapo nt last (writosour London correspondent). Articles havo been signed, and thu boxing rcprcscnla- lives of Atnurica and Australia aro under engagement to onlur thu ring at thu Ormonde Club during tho first week of October. Thirty rounds with four ounco glovrs will !m> fought for a pursa of LIOOO and tho 44 New York Polico Gnzotto" belt, which is said to carry with It the championship of the world. Every oflort is being made to prevent thu affidr being stained by nets of rowdyism, ami it is officially announced that only members of the club who subscribed to the purse will bo privileged to bu present. A special importance attached to this year's usmoustrution of tho Colonial Col lege (nays our Loudon correspondent) by reason of tho presence of Lord Knutsford, the Scoretory of Stato for the Colonics. - A ;oodly company, comprising most of tlio caduig Australians in London, accepted the iuvitauon of tho directors of this excellent institution, which is giving a sound practical training to a considerable number of stal wart young Britons, who contcmnlatu carv ing out careers for'tbeiusolvcs in the colonies. Tho college is ndmirabty situated nt Hoi- lenloy, in East Suffolk, on an cxtensiva estate that affords every opportunity to tho young fellows to rehearse the parts they aro about to play in roal earnest in Australia, New Zcoluuu or Canada. Tho Rev. ArcMbatd Brown, who has received nn invitation to take up the pastorate of tho Albert atreet Baptist Church, Molbourao, is a well-known Chris tian worker at tho East End (write our London correspondent), aud has established a high reputation for his philanthropic labors in that deaolato religion. His family, too, partake of his self- sacrificing spirit. One daughter lias cono on tho China Inland Mission, another is a nurso in tha London Hospital, aud a third is assisting Mr Grattau Gulnncts in tlio working of Harlay College. Last night, nt the Sldro Hall, Malvern, an extremely clover nmatour entertainment was given in aid of St. George's Church, at widen tho Malvern Orchestral Society played a good solection of musio iu a really udtuirablo fashion. Tho Orches tral Society consists of a number of ' gentlemen, who, by dint of hard work ana constant practice have achieved a tlogrco of proficiency which enables them to cape with elaborate music with great success. Indeed, they aro quite equal in attainments and superior in numbors to any thciitrkal orchestra in Mclbourno. Tho pro- gramma included tho popular farces of Who's Who? and Woodcock's Littlo Game, in which tho nmatour actors and actresses, all young ladies and gentlemen of tho vicinity, showed great talent and careful preparation. Thcparts of Cicily, by Miss Woflaston, and Matilda, by Miss N. Shackcll, in the first fareo, were vory nicely played ; and Mr F. U. Grlcg showed musical force and talent for an amateur in tho character of Bramblo- ton. nfierwarda reciting Kissing Cup's Raca with much spirit. Messrs E- II. Shocked, C. Buttcn, Buchanan aud Walkcden also did good service, as did tho Misses Lauronco. Tha United Ancient Order of Diuids opened a now lodgo at tho Peacock Inn, Nortbcote, on Woduoad&y; evening last. Thirty candidates were duly initiated in the niyatie rites of Druidism by Grand Presi dent, Bro. W. Gair, in a most impressive manner, ably assisted by Ids brothor Grand Lodga officers. The following were elected office-bearers for the first term Arch Druid, Bro. J, Humphreys ; Vice-Arch, L. J. Wcathcrall ; secretary, J. M. Arnold; treasurer, R. Willis ; inner guardian, F. Woods: outer guardian, T. D Arcy; Arch Ranis, J. Andurnoii and 1\ Ryan ; Vice- Arch Hards, A. J. Bailey and G. Watson; trustees, Cr K. Munro, Bro. J. Laity, Cr W. Pearl ; suracons, l)rs Bird and Macfar- lono; chemist, II. J. Terry. About GO visi tors from various lodger Attended, and somo excellent harmony was indulged in. On Tuesday evening uext liU Excellency the GvVernor will visit Port Molbourne to witness tho tableaux vivants in tho town hall in aid of the Trinity Church funds. Lord Hopetoun, Who will probably be nc cotainmed by thu Countess, will be received at tho town hall by thu mayor (Cr Salmon), the councillor, thu member for the district (Mr F. T. Derham), nnd those connected ' with thu display. His Excellency will bo entertained during thu interval by tho Mayor and councillors in the Mayor's room, and arrangements aro being made to give tlio Vicc-Rcgat party a right loyal reception. Lady Clarke lias gcncreusly given tho us© of her lialiroom at 44 Cliveden" for tho aid of the organ fund of Trinity Church, Esjit Melbourne, and a highly interesting per- formanto bos been fixed for Wednes day next. tho 27th August, to raise money for the purpose. Lady Clarke's kindly efforts have been well seconded, and tho ticket© aro selling so briskly that au immense success is con fidently expected. Tbo programme includes an operetta, to bo supported by Miss God- frcy, JUrQ'IIara und Mr George Smith, who. will be accompauicd by soino members' of tho Victorian Orchestra, and by Dr. Hamilton Russell. There will also be a number of tableaux. Two scenes from Esther, Tlio Sleeping Beauty, Pvgmaliou aud Oblate, Tho Peacemakers, firiganda and other. Siguor Catuui and Mr Les lie Mooro aro grouping the figures. Wc aro requested to call special attention to tiic fuel that by an acci dental error in a society paper tbo 10th of "cptcmbcr has been named as the dato of thu performance iu&tcad; of Wednesday next, 27tb August, on which day it will positively take place. Mr Edward T. 'Smith (tho second Gongh) who has attained a great reputation in de livering Goucb'a orations in Eneland and America, and who at present is making a similar impression in South Australia, will mako his first appearance before a Victorian aud icnca ou Tuesday next at 8 o'clock, iu tlic Tempcranco Hull, Russell street. The chair will bo occupied by .Mr James Munro, M.LA., and inuueaf selections will bo rendered by the Melbourne Tumperauco choir, under the baton of Air iC. \Vilk«. Mr Smith will return to Aduluidc thu following day in order to fulfil numerous engagements he lumsccurodiuSouth Australia before com mencing a lecturiug tour throughout Vie- Wo arc requested to call attention to nn nd« vcrtiHoinent.remiiuliiig defaulting ratepayers of South Melbourne that epecutl instructions have been issued to tlio rate collector to take legal steps to recover all arrears now dne. In our advertisement columns will bo found the 2Gt!i annual report and lialatice- sheet of the Victorian Permanent Building Society, for the year ending 31st July, 1800. According to the report, the profits for the year amount to L31,82u 14s 3d, which enables tho directors, after providing for losses and anticipated loucs, to pay a divi dend at thr rate of IU per cent per annum. To provide for the increasing business of the society, a further iasue was made of ten thousand permanent shares at a premium of L3 per share. The new issue was promptly taken up by the shareholders, moro than 21,000 shares having been applied for. The effect of the above operation has bcon to increase tha capital by 1.50,000, nnd strengthen thu rcsurve 'fund hy the amount of tho premium, L30.000 ; paid up capital now stands at L.202,740 0s Od j reucrvo fund, U.I, 235 10 (id; fixed deposits, L478.724 183 lid; savings branch deposits, LKJ4.7G8 13s Cd. During thu coming year (say the directors), it is probable difficulty may he experienced in obtuiuiug safe and profitable securities for the society's funds. 1 hey therefore earnestly reqtrest the aiHintancu of' shareholders byl drawiug thu uttuution uf borrowers to thu great advantages offered by this society. The president, Mr J. B. Crews, J.I'„ and the two retiring directors, Messrs James Ballnutyuu und John Roburlsun, havo been nominated for ru- clectiou. The retiring auditors, Messrs W. H. Tuckctt and Joim Mocdonsld, havo bcou again nominated, also Mr Jatnca II. Cole. Wa havo been requested to call attention to the advertisement stating that uext Tues day is to bo observed as a day of special prayor for 44 Baptism of the Holy Ghost and of fire." The meetings arc to be hold In the Collins street Baptist Church from 10 o.m. till 5, and from 7.30 till 10, and are open to to all. A grand plain and fancy dress ball is ad vertised to take place on Wednesday next, at the Exhibition Dancing Academy, Bruns wick strcot, Fitzroy. Hanusomo prizes will bo presonted to tiic best dressed, best sus tained and most original character of both Tho employers of Georgo and Ceorgo Limited held thoir second annual social In Athcna'um Hall on Thursday evening last. There wero ahout 150 couples present, ami dancing to tho strains of Ryan ts band was kept up with great energy till tho small hours of tho morning. Tho gathering wus iu every respect a most successful one. A very interesting lecture will ho de livered in thu Ililterninn Hall, Swanston street, on Monday evcuhig next by tnu Rev. Isaac Moore, S.J., tlio subject being Russia in Central Asia. The reverend gentleman, after un absence of 18 yeare, has recently returned to thu colony, mid will on the oc casion be welcomed buck by a large number of friends. Wo understand Sir Bryau O'Loghlcn, Bart., will preside. 