The Anglican Synod at Bathurst. ?RATHTTRST. TrrKRnAV The third session of the sixth Synod of the Diocese of Bathurst opened its sittings to-day under the pre sid ncy of the Bishop, the Right Rev. Dr. Camidge. Twenty-six clergy and 22 lay representatives attended. The Bishop delivered a lengthy address. The Bishop, in delivering his address to the synod, said tbat they bad a twotold object in their meeting together this week. Their first work was to legislate, and their second to meet in conference. He showed how importxnt each gathering was, «nd strongly impressed upon the membeis of the synod that Bishops alone did not make laws, but were simply tbe executive. He then proceeded to describe the position he claimed fnr tbe Church of England in Australia, and traced out tbe early history of the Church of England. H« de fined the Church, as a visible body tinner an invisible Head, and went on to show that lonp before St. Augus tine came to Britain there was a British Church with its three old order of BiehopR, Priests, and Deacons. He described the mission of St. Augustine as, to a cer tain degree, a failure, and went on to show that the British and Anglo-Saxon Church before the Conquest held much the same views as the Church of England of to-day, and proved that tbe national Church in England whs throughout called ' Ecclesia Anglicana.' He pointed out that the Reformation created no new Church, but reformed the old, and that the Reformation was the result of a long series of acts continued during several centuries. The Bishops referred to the consecration of Archbishop Parker, whih. he said, was thoroughly altered. He then referred to the Church of England in Australia, and fike ched ita Lirtorj ; then turned to the Diocet-e of Bathurst, and said there was no one to whom that diocese owed more than to the late Canon Smith. The bicbop then ppoke of the Church as being at once Protestant and Catholic. He was not one of those who would give up either one or the other, always bearinf; in mind that the term Catholic was by far tbe grander of the two and bv centuries the older. He gave the history of boih words. Touching upon 'home reunion.' he referred to the ' Langham Con ference,' and said tha- the question of Orders was theu, as it always would be, a difficulty. The Church of England was marked off from all other Protestant bodies in this respect. She could not give up what the Binhop of Durham called ' the historic backbone of tbe Church' and be true to herself, but, at the same time, be said he would yield to no one in his earnest desire for unity, in his deep reeret for the divisions of Christendom, and in his love and esteem for those who could not see things as he saw them Ynt, as one who re ceived the teachings ottheChurcb,notmerelv in theletter, but in the spirit, he could not eo one step beyond what the Church required, or repudiate in the smallest degree the heritage of Catholicity and order which belonged to her. Speaking on matters dioce-ean, there were mauy thingb to be tbankful tor — an increased loyalty to the Church— a greater heartintws in her services. The leasing of the cathedral lands and sale of Bishopscourt site were satisfactory. He trusted the ( range difficulties would be removed. T tie increase in Sunday scholars (666 during the pant year) was satis factory. He then touched on ritualism, which, he said, did not, where the term was rightly applied, moan surpliced choirs, increased reverence in our services, cha tiner the psalms (most of- these being common to many of the leaders of the Lvangelical tody at home), but ritUHUxm proper wae Eucharistic adoration and ceremonial which clothed that, and thus taught it symbolically. There was nothing: of thin in the diocese of Bmhuret. He said the churchmen here are loyal to the Reformation ; they refuse to repudiute our history. But they do desire mill more reverence to be t-hown for holy things— more frequent celebration of the Holy Communion — t-till more hearty services. The Church of England in Australia was losing much of her influence because of the spirit of apathy and indifference amongst many of its mem bers, and the persistent endeavours of others to re duce her to the level of a suet. On the other hand, the Church of Rome was steadily advancing, and thus the causes were not far to seek for this. It was not the remit ot race, the Teuton being said to be Protestant, and the Celt Roman Catholic— this might apply to America, but not to Australia but because the Roman Church vas doing almost everything we ought to be doing, educating the children, realising the spirit of self-sacrifice, presenting an unbroken front. Our con stitution, too, w»s in a most unsatisfactory condition; 'upside down' the late Primate -called it, her rating power being the diocesan, not the General (Synod.. Two provincial synods were now in existence, neithor cf them, aa could well be believed, being of much use. Ourtailures we must acknowledge frankly and heartily. A church .wrapped in nelf-complacency was almost 'a dead church, but this did not mean giving up all as lost. There is a vast amount of work, in conclusion eaid the Bishop, in the land to be done for God, and our Church has capacities for doing it. There is still life and activity in her members — much Keal and devotion— a loyal affection for our incomparable liturgy, a deep sense of the blessedness of the sacraments, and a reverence for the presence of the Divine Lord. Let us therefore be pre pared to confront our difficulties, however great, in the strength of the Lord. Let us pray with increased earnestness—' Let Thy continual pity cleanse and defend Thy Church ; ' and He who has kept her un impaired in her orthodoxy, firm on every article of the Christian taith— aye, in every line and letter thereof, will, we believe, bless tier abundantly, not merely with the 'biessing of peace,' but prosper her in all her works and endeavours, for His glory and the good of men. Members of synod,— We are proud of our heritage, our lineage, our close connection with the Church at home— a Church, to ose almost the exact words of the present Archbishop of Canterbury, whose doctrine is Scripture itself, its ordinances primitive, its orders perfect, its labours above measure^-fnli of ' Words of hope and bright examples given, To show through moonless skies that there is light in Heaven.' . . Let us prove ourselves to be her true sons. Fired with a noble, enthusiasm, a burning love for souls, a self -sacrificing courage which fears neither the frowns of the world nor seek- its praise. Let us be prepared to spend and be spent in her service, recognising in her no human society, but a creation of the Living God, a divine society, animated by the spirit of the Holy Ghost, and heir to the highest blessings and promises of the Gospel. The Bishop was accorded a vote of thanks for his address, which was ordered to be printed for circulation. The synod then proceeded with the business. 