:PAqRS h:~~THJL~·Ek PUT` .. imhra ·· Bo-:ad otl.·L-;I- Ad I---_electI-nc? Holiteeoron Lownobally 14th inst. Masonic Chorml Service-20th inst., at ~ ell ?,nh Pahb? n ecoets:! , -qot?on @ aft y fate--oilosthi b id efrbnt . .Health.Board.at taclked, y In fl uen z? ??.'Y_ It is thenpun of theoment thatmabeem 'outhern Distrct- United Friendly S:ric" SVery brief meeting of othe Malvern cuncil onu Tuesday night, i:PresidentBlensoni still absent. .," , ? , , ... - ' " ? Bb 'Dune Riobin "Fistho apiropiiate name eon Townhahll.-r. · j:.;· Aover the door of axreetired subutrban Jerry-n Baollowirig Saturday. I Theown banks oso, oth t frth ~Iloonic Chernt Seeviee--2Oth snot., at Easmorning for the nterh holidaysandill .main so till ed esay pmorniegdtiIext .? t Major Hoeyadt . who is in-Englrdeuidet ' going a Special course of mrilleary instrue' tion a seems to be doing good work. , Re, v. Henry Howard honored on' Mon'day' night-he goes tho Warcgut, bearing tht eems ti~itus'tbnt 6v~rj oocihnotdtlinpevtt, 54 esteem and good wishe n ofldwho knowe he him. Seothorn fliotrict United Friendly Seciei· Sery brief meeting of the ldatoorn cooncil on Teeodeiy night. VPeeoideot Bensoen otti aboent.?.. ;·~· ·~·'' J "Don robin" tos the opporopeioto name 00cr ihe dear ef a retired sboehobn: Jecry~ boildee. :··. . ·. · · ·: SNo publicatlion nt thie betiirnat noah WVedneada3 -oxnion icjege edition pon thu follejningatoedoy SThe bonbo dinsed no Thorodny j·:for :the Rootee .helidan s·nod viii toematno to iii it ediceody mornin~g extn MaUjor Head· echo tote England nuider going a opeciot coorocof miitibiry inetroc tionsememo to bedoinggood wrorkr ~ SRev. Henry Hwoemd honored on ~Itndoy. ought -ho gore to 11 oceagol, berirng the inteem nod good toinben of alt whdlo koi t~ime SMr. J. G. Hornblower, J.P., of Prahran, will form the subject of our phrenolgie?l sketch to appeur cin next Satuileoy's Pi?tcioulas re tle cst blishment ofa n new Wesleyan Church,at South Malvern will be found in "The P'ulpit" column tloday. ,' ' : "y .b .L ,The Rev. Dr., Bevan will lecture on "!Practical Religionu' next Thursdoy even ing at the Mount Erica Wesleyan Mr. JamesMirams is to have his estate amicably wonud upcwithout going through the insolvncey .court. Better for theo credictors. :The entroucltion hy *Mr. Oludstonens Home Rule Bill knocked down the value of Irisl srecrities of'some £30,000,000 in ore week. Our handsoime litho soupplement, contuin irng a view of Prlrhicn and the principaln places of business in the:city, will shortly be published. cMalvern councillors want the gas left, ulight a little longer at night in the priu cipal streets " RMan gets but littlegas belowc but vwants thiit little ~l n g.c"'' . / Secretary KIershaw made quitd oan elo quent speech before the curtain ou'Tuesday night. He paid a neat complinentrry to the rival club, the Pmhrau Dramatics. The common vulgarismn "go to pot," anulrecars in one of Drydecn's rolocues : Then all you heathen ,ite abll go to poti For disbelieinog of a Popish plot. The Canirns newspapers boycot the Queensland Lands Department by refusing partlmn.t about to collapse io - cosce quence. The Foul 'Court hale decidel 'that a respectablcehotel keeper need not be respect-. ble--otherwiso whatis green cheese to ordinary people may bo moonshine in the eyes of the law. A scientifid exchanrge asks--" R Whlat is rotary motion ?" Why, it is that experi encned by a drunken man whoen lying ilat on his back and clutching the siedewlk for' fear he'll fall off. It is expected that Cr. G. Elms Smith's resignation will be handed in to the Prah ran council at its next meeting-then the three M's, Messrs. Maddochk, Michie, and Matthews will be happy. The Pope has issued a dispensation allUowing Ronman Catholics to use their own judgment in regard to fasting during Lent on account of the influenza epideiic-eggs andfish plentiful, in consequence. On our fourth page we ipublish an inter esting story entitled, "'An Adventure with a Ghost." -On page five will be found several items of local news, some of which appeared in a portion of Wednesday's issue. ·: We have received from Iessrs A. H. Massina niid Co. the Arutralian, Journal for April. The publication contains an excellent assortment of reading matter, including several interesting tales and sketches. The installation of the W.3I. and offlicers of the South Yarra lodge of Freemasons took plne. 'on Wednesday night. 'There was a good muster of the craft, and a pleasant evening ensued. A reportappears in another column. . Mlessrs. Stillwell and Co's. Bradharwu'g Guide for April is to hand. The recent extensive alterations in the railway time tables are given correctly in -this issue also thie Glen Iris lide, the neir mail tables, and the days on which the various.subur ban police courts sit. The onlinary monthly meeting of the South Suburban Horticultural Society was held on Thursday night at the Prahran 'Town-hall, there being a good attendance and a fair show of exhibits.. A more lengthy report is crowded out. Choice Flor.er ficds, J. 'H; Madddeks seedsman, 3 OChapelstreet, South 'arra. [ADVT.) Our" Pithy Announcement " column is becoming very popular at ts per quarter for a fourline advertisement. Every local tradesman should register his name and address in it. 