THE BEKDIGO ADVERTISER (PUBLISHED DAJHO •'', rjlOUKBSSION, OUR BZOUTC, AN" IJ OUK Hlfsoiinoea SANDHURST, THURSDAY, APRIL 10, 1890 LOOK FIRST ON THIS PICTURE, THEN ON THAT. The Czar of Russia and the Emperor of Germany are probably more talked about at the present moment than all the other European potentates put together. The situation of the former is a most unenviable one. His life is constantly in danger. Plots, having for their object his destruc tion, are being ^iaccyejrpjJ almost daily, and the greatest precautions av.a tyecy^saty j.Q ensure his safety. He has even to feign sickncss in order to account for the non fulfilment of some public duty, which, it was discovered, would imperil his life. The very train by which he travels is of special construction, and we read lately that he has ££ ,oftiper made up to resemble him bo closely thai <ii is impossible to make out which of tho tsvo is the Qj.ap What consideration the Czar's doublo receives for tlio terrible risk he runs we are not in formed. And his Imperial Majesty is sub jected to this dreadful and constant peril, living death in fact, all because of his ob jection, and the objection of thooB associated X/ith him in tho autocratic rule of the Russian Empire, to the liberal reforms for which the great pf the people have cried out so long and so iou'cfly.'. 4 penpio ground down and oppressed like tho.^ussi^jg will never rest till tlioir demands ha70 been granted. The numbers of those who cull for freedom are daily increasing, arid the extent of disaffection recently jjfflsitested so strongiy, ii£2 created very great alarm. We have often beesi fccl4 that the,' Cza<, when pressed hardest by the ciar.iom' for reform, will divert atten tion frort; himself by .e/pb^QfJipg his country in war. -If that is so, .p. fflopement by Russia cannot be yer-y reflioie. pypn if the nation become involved in a foreign war, the inevitable revolution will only be prevented ; for a time. The progress of events through | out the world has shown that the cause of freedom advances with enlightenment, and Russia cannot lag behind in the race. Even tually the great empire of the .Czar must be carried in the advancing stream. It in impossible that the Czar can have any hope of resisting this uncontrollable force. His acquiescence in the change, which must come sooner or later, would ensure for him a renewed lease of life, aud as wo have no reason to suppose that His Majesty loves life less than other people, we should think that he would ardently wish for,a change which would mean so much for himself. The blessings of self-government would be an immenso boon to the Russian nation, and would not only strengthen the position of the reigning Iioubo, but tend to the country's social and material advancement. The Czar should take a leaf out of the book of his neighbor, the Emporor William of Germany. That potentate 13 not prompted in his desire for liberal reforms in the government of his empire by threats and attempts to take his life. Germany, has fortunately been greatly in advance of its eastern neighbor, and though not free as an Englishman understands the term, is never theless free from a;yoke: so rigid as that by which the Russians are held in subjection. The young Emperor, moreover, appears to have inherited much _ of the progressive spirit which animated his father, and distinguishes his mother, and though noma of his ideas are rather Utopian-in character,: it is evident that he .is! making! an honest effort to improve the condition of his race. We have seen how he has altered' the regulations which.prevented other,than! the members of aristocratic families' from ; rising from the ranks of the army, and how< he brought about the labor conference, as serted himself in affairs of state,- and re fused. to be led by Bismarck. * All this is! now matter of history, one event having succeeded another with great rapidity: Among the Emperor William's more recent proposals is one for the improvement of the relationsbetween Germany and France. It is difficult to imagine the French being placated by anything short of the restoration, of Alsace and Lorraine, and this can scarcely be thought of for a moment. The strategic value of the provinces is too great for Germany to think of parting with them. Besides, although Germany took them from France, if wo go further back in history we find that France-. took a portion of them from Germany originally. The Emperor's proposal, however, refers to the passport' system which has been so irritating to the French on the border. His Majesty's latest reform is in .referonce to duelling in the army. He has issued an order with the object of suppressing to a large extent the practice of duelling amongst officers. Duelling is to be absolutely forbidden when the quarrel has arisen out of a brawl, or when one of the parties lias already fought three times, or when one of the parties is a married man with children. All proposals for duels must be laid before a military court of honor, which may give its sanction only in two cases—1st, when a public as sault lias been committed, and the aggressor refuses to give an apology, and 2nd, an insult lo a lady, being a relation cr the betrothed of the challenger. The fact that it should be necessary to permit duelling in any form shows how far Germany is behind Great Britain so far as the laws which regu late society are concerned. In referring to the Emperor "William's latest proposals we have digressed from our original subject, the contrast afforded by the respective attitudes of the Emperor and the Czar towards their people. In pointing out how much Germany is behind Great Britain, however, we are enabled to indicate more plainly and forcibly the immense and almost immeasurable distance between the forms of Government which exist in Russia on the one hand, and in Great Britain on the other. The autocracy in the one stimulates the growth of discontent, secret societies, the thickening of plots and general inse curity, while the constitutional government in the other, while powerless of course to secure absolute prosperity atid contentment, nevertheless ensures the general prosperity and contentment of the nation, and the freedom and enlightenment of the people. The Chalk's 'Freehold Dispute. — The officers of the A.M.A-(wires o«r Ballarat cor respondent) visited Carisbrook yesterday morn ing in order to confer with the officers of the local branch re the Chalk's Freehold dispute. As a result the executive council will meetat Creswick on Friday. At a special general meet ing of the company held to-day the directors were empowered to let the mine on tribute. Bekdigo Hospital.—The ordinary meeting of the board of management waa to have been held at the institution last night, but in conse quence of there being no quorum present, "the meeting was adjourned until next Wednesday evening at the usual hour. The mmnbera who attended were Messrs. Karl Van Damme (presi nent), JYH. Abbott, S. H; M'Gowan, and J. Mouat. A Skrio.cs C^ARqE.—It ws$ pim-gnfcly re-. por'tp4 UrtiflHt tfl\yn yesterday t^at aWafltjty'of gold had been stolen from & company at Cali fornia Gully that has been taking out pretty good stone lately. From inquiries made, it seems that there was some foundation for the rumour, but as the police, apparently, do not consider the evidence obtainable so far sufficient to justify them in taking any action in the matter, further comment would, at the present time, be inadvisable. A congress or teachers held yesterday afternoon (writes our Melbourne correspondent), decided unanimously, on the motion of Mr. Basfield, of North Melbourne, seconded by Mr. Belby, of Maryborough, that the payment bv r.esults rystem should be totally abolished, ft was decided that the 64th clause raising the gtatus of teachers according to increased atten dance sho,ul(J bs retained, an amendment by Mr. pfiitve, (ft Biininypiig to q.ppomt a committee to select li substitute being lost. Tfisi}l)ir?as.—Yesterday afternoon Mr. R.J. 3?lovvcraijy y/as ij]arrjp4 tR Mi3-! fi'ai-a Grahair), eldest daughter of Mr. Q. \V. Graham, of Bramble- street. The ceremony was performed by the Von. Archdeacon MacUullagh at the residence of the bride's parents, jn the presence of a number of friends and relatives, M r, T. Glass acted as best man, and Miss Ada Graham anii Miss Flowerday as bridesmaids. Subse quently the guests wore entertained at a wed ding breakfast in honor of the occasion, when Mr. Stilwell, of Melbourne, in a happy speech, proposed the health of the newly married pair. Mr. Flowerday made a suitable response. The health of the resptctive parents, acknowledged by Messrs. G. \Y. Graham and Flowerday, was aho honored, and Mr. T. Glass proposed the health of the bridesmaids, for whom Archdeacon MacOnllagh responded. The bride was the recipient of numerous handsome presents, and on -ill sides hearty wishes were expressed for the future welfare of the young couple, who are ^vpll-kno'.ya and deservedly well esteemed in fiatidihirijfc,' "^'hoy tfiqk th'jSjr flisifortgiVfoy tjjg afternoon train for the metropolis, where they will apend their honoymoon. An other wedding took place on Tuesday afternoon, the contracting parties being Miss Curnow, daughter of Mr. John Curnow, of Wattle-street, and Mr. P. 0. Skillicorn, of South Melbourne, son of the late Mr. T. W. Skillicorn, whom some of the Kangaroo Fiat re sidents will remember as having been formerly 111 business there as a confectioner. The cere y \vm uerformed by the Rev. IV. WilJmm.i, of" pj^rsh MiS8 fiupfiW WM ft inonibpr,' Tlip b'ridia'inaids typrp ll'jss Tiftpptt, Miss Juiia. Slsilliqorn and Alias Bessie Qunwwj the groomBinen being Mr. Screen, Mr. Skilli cornandMr. K J. Curnow. Guests were pre sent from Melbourne, Geelong, Ballarat, Gipps land and other places, and a large company sat down to a substantial breakfast, very tastefully laid. Many valuable presents were received by the bride, including a piece of plate from her late employers, another from her fellow-workers, jj »a;,7.ily bible from the teachers of the $6re6HM&fr; VSfoteai} £i;ij<{ty.|jp!i!;c(|. iiewly-wed4ed ^air'-lpff lur I>}eJj}oV/n}ti'by iljp 7,80 train, followed bjr thp gqfi4''wi?hea 'qf tj,p company. Traffic Returns.—The Victorian Railways traffic returns for the week ending 3rd April "^nw the following results:—The number of miles "* *a against 2,199 for the cor reapondinVperfod of 1889. refcui'ns the week ending 3rd April, L79,574 15s; for corresjii/nding period of 18S9, LG7,oG9 9s 3d. Ag gregate to date from 1st July, 1889, L2,423.237 (is 7d; for corresponding period of 1889,i<2,450,013 14s 9d. Weekly average (40 weeks), L60,G!?0 IBs 7d; for corresponding period of 188^, L0Jl,2i)^ ?3lJ}4, Railway Excursion Fakes.—The Railway department (writes our Melbourne correspon dent), has arranged to issue tickets at holiday excursion fares to Sandhurst on the morning of April 21st, when tho eight hours demonstration will be held at Sandhurst, from Castlemaine, Korong Vale, Mitiamo, Echuca, and Toborac, and nil intermediate stations, available for re turn by any train until the 26th inst. A Foul-mouthed Blackguard.—A young man named James Toohey was before the court yesterday morning to answer a charge of using obscene language at the Beehive Exchange. It appears that he went to the hotel'aiul ordered a drink, for which he refused to pay.- On the young lady behind the bar remonstrating with him, the cowardly ruffian made use ot'most dis gusting language, and picking up .an empty bottle threatened to strike her with it. Mr. Burridge appeared on the scene and tried to get the fellow to go away quietly, but. he only got abuBed for his pains. Fortunately .Constable Sbaurahan was at hand, and took the man in charge. The magistrates let him off with the ridiculously low fine of 10s, or in default of pay ment 48 hours' imprisonment. Eight Hours' Anniversary Sports.—Very excellent entries have been received for the above sports on Monday, the 21st of April, in the Agricultural Show Grounds. For the Eight Hours' .Sheffield Handicap 33 nominations have been received, and amongst them are runners of such note as J. M. Baker, Taig, Noonan, Beal, Baker, W., Craie, A. Williams, R. ;H. Baker, and C. O. Vains. The Half-mile has brought 21 nominators—J. Flanagan, of Creswick, and J1 Ml Baker, of St. Kilda, being the best known pedestrians in the list. Six jumpers have sub mitted their names to the handicappers for tho Hurdle Race, and 13 riders have entered for the Bicycle Race, numbered amongst whom are— Mills, Rolfe, Hogan, Lenne, VVigton, Jenkins (of Benalla). As entries bearing yesterday's post mark will be accepted, probably the list may be still further increased. . Robbery from a Store.—The youth, Albert Reea, who was arrested by Constable O'Keefe 011 Mod Jay morning last on a charge of stealing a quantity of tobacco, tinned fish, a tin opener, etc, will be brought up, on remand, at the City Police.Court this morning. It will be remem bered that the constable discovered "the plant" in the old Survey Office, and that the accused was arrested getting into the building, but an other young man named Temby, who was with him at the time, succeeded in getting away. Since then the police have been making in quiries, and it has transpired that. the goods were were stolen from Mr. \V. Gall, grocer, of View-street. Mr. Gall can identify the tin opeuer by its peculiar make. The accused will be brought before the city bench this morning. Fine Arts Gallery.—A meeting ' of the committee will be held at four o'clock this after noon, when in addition to the ordinary busi ness, tenders will be opened and dealt with in reference to the building of additions to the old cavalry orderly-room. Sir Henry Paiikes in Trouble,—Sir Henry Parkes and Mr. Sydney Smith' returned to Adelaide from Broken Hill on Tuesday (wires the Adelaide correspondent of fche " Age"). After leaving Terowie early in the morning^ the party had a dreary time of it; a!s- rain com menced to fall, and it soon penetrated the roof of the carriage, soaking the compartment. . Sir Henry Parkes got wet through, and had to sit for hours with an umbrella up to keep off as much water as possible. Speaking of the journey to a reporter, Sir Henry-said, "You may tell the Railway Commissioners from me that I will never travel 011 the South Aus tralian railways again unless they provide me with a boat. I never travelled on any line be fore where the ticket collector, during a fall of rain made a point of asking, 'Is the rain com ing in much V "■ On arriving in Adelaide the Ministers were met by Dr. Coekburn, Premier of South Australia. Sir Ilenry was the guest of Chief J ustice Way. Chinese Ho.nkstv.—People very often have hard thiuga to say regarding " Jolin China man." It is, therefore (says the'Ballarat Star") pleasing to hear of something being said in favor of the Mongolian. The other day a lady residing at Sebastopol made a purchase from a Celestial hawker of soft goods, and in payment tendered what she thought to be a £1 note. The Chinaman accepted the piece of paper as such, and gave the necessary change. Several days subsequently John discovered that he had a £5 note for which he could not account among his cash, and remembering the Sebastopol transaction, he called , on'his lady customer there and inquired if she liad missed " a fiver." The lady looked in her money box and found that a £5 note which {she; had -there ivas missing. John, when he Hearji this, said " You describe him, what bank him belong to." In reply, the lady mentioned the ban If, etc.. and as the particulars were correct the Celestial handed over the £5 note. John would not accept any reward, nor would he take money to pay the cost of the cab which he engaged to drive him to the borough. Musical.—As will be noticed by advertise ment, quite a sensational entertainment will'bo given in Sandhurst at the now Matonic Hall in Friday, 256h inst., Herr M. Dietrich, who has secured the services of some .leading mem bers of the Victorian orchestra from Melbourne. will for the first time in Sandhurst introduce one of those high-class concerts/ which, are generally known as "Chamber Music Soirees," and form the musical entertainments at the royal courts and conservatoire of the continent during the winter season. The value of s«ch a concert to our musical circles is obvious,because of the highly trained nwsjcians taking part in it \vith the a,s3iatapoo of several of the favorite local vupalists. Tho programme will' shortly appear,and tickets will be obtainable at Mr G. Evans', Pall Mall, and Mr J. Stevenson's {late Hanstein), View Point, from next Saturday. Monetary Results of tue Debate.—The total receipts in connection with the debate held in the concert room at .the -Exhibition building on Monday evening, between Mr. Henry George and Mr. W. Trenwith, M.L.A., (says the "Age") amounted to £104.18s. 2d., after the cominissiou for the sale of- tickets had been deducted. The expenses connected with the hall and the arrangements for the meeting will amount to about £35; and when all the acconnts have been paid the balance' will be divided in equal shares betweeu the Trades' Hall Council, the Land Rationalisation' Saoiety pf Victoria and the Sydney oampaign executive, b,y Jilr-. IJonry Qeorge has been brought tci i\v\3traUa. : ]]..■ Diphtheria and Croup Ccre.— In a report to the Trench Academy of Medicine, Dr. Delthell states that the vapors of liquid tar and turpentine would dissolve the fibrinous .exhala tions which choke up the throat in croup and diphtheria. He describes the process thus :— " Take equal parts (say, one or two tablespoon fuls) of liquid tar and turpentine, put them into a tin pan or cup, and set lire to the mix ture, tiking care to have a lar^e pan under the pan or cup as a safeguard against fire. A dense resinous smoke arises, making the room dark. The patient immediately seems to experience relief; the chokiug and the rattle stop; the patient falls into a slumber and sfieins to inhale the smoke with pleasure. The fibrinous mem brane soon becomes detached and the patient coughs up miciobiedes. These, when caught iq a, glass, may be s|.en to, dissolve in tli£ srnoke.' In the course of three or four days, th'e patient entirely recovers." An American Gijost.— A ghost ,haa caused a 4}vqccesnit and broken upq once happy family in Hi 'Ullt county, Alabama, About five years ago James Martin married a Miss Noel, one of tho belled'of the county. The yoiiog couple went to livo at the old Martin house, and all went well until about a year ago. Mrs. Martin, naturally very timid, heard a ghost rambling through the old house one night, and was badly frightened. She told her husband about it, but he could hear nothing, lie' said. Prom that time it . became a nightly visitor at the Martin house. Mrs. Martin ' wanted to leave the old house at once, ; but her husband objected, declaring the strange | noises heard were made by rats. Several times i Mrs. Martin, so she says, saw a white robed ! iiguro wandering through the old house, and ! soon her nerves and health began to give way under the strain. She was finally prostrated by fear of her ghost, and wont to the bo.®? of her parents tc reccyer hjr. health ancj strength. fe»ro"f t|ie gh'usii ovoroa'roo tho iova of husband, and Mm. Martin refusod to live with him again. Martin tried in vain to induce bis wife to re turn to the haunted house to live, but she re fused, and lie filed a suit for divorce on the i ground of abandonment. I Russia and the Labor Question.—The St. ' Petersburg correspondent of the '■ Times," in an j article discussing the attitude of the Russian | Government towards the proposed Internationa', ' Labor Conference, recently gave tho'fcilaw'iag glimpse of the ralationa of oiTij.ioyera 'amVeHv- ■ kjoytsd fimr(\nioVi8 at the 0?ar :-r-A striUo iij ftussia is at oqeo a revolt, and is treated as si\cK, and it could not bo otherwise in a oountry liko this. Russian workmen aro the most ignorant and unreasonable beings in the world, and should be utterly unmanageable without the summary and extra judicial methods of the authorities, who save a great deal of trouble to employers, wno ought to be envied by their compeers in Western Europe. A case occurred only a month ago which very well illustrates the childish absurdity j>£ 'j^i? 'i";'t>n .jfid aPtii>ii"''o£ thq n'utlid»\itjcs.. iQne'of fho largo mills had tft fedi(fp 'jt^ prodqetian tH|d discharge several twrts who were no longer required, A caving inwi d of wmi-fava^o workmen tain-minded the managers of the establishment, and insisted that work mu-t bo found for tho usual-number, or else they would lay rough hands upon the masters, s\U Ul9 so the livttcv were hated ioreicn6i'fi. a ValiiaoiG luncliiiic was at tho same" time secretly broken. _ Of com bo there was nothing to do but to call in the police, who soon settled the matter, and during the night IB of thfi ringleaders wpre nuietl}' spirited away, CD on? kppwo whithpr or jipvr. , {3 tlPTf * V,>' German Sunday School Picnic.—Owing to the inclemency of the weather, the picnic of the German Sunday School, which was to have been held at Cherry Tree Plat, took place yes terday in the schoolroom, Mackenzie-street, and when the weather commenced clearing up in the afternoon, in the church reserve. The children, in spite of the vain, mustered well. Provision was made for them in abundance. The arrange ments were carried out by pastor and Mrs. Leypoldt, Mrs. O'Hara (of Sydney) Miss Mauermann Herren Biacamp, Robert Nicolai, and J. A. Mavkert. The afternoon amuse ments consists of various outdoor games. Several prizes were run for, partly supplied by Mr. J. Richardson, High- street, and Herrn Biacamp, member of the board of management. The Sweating System.—Miss Frances E. Willard, who has lived for many years in a Chicago suburb, says there are women in that city who make a dozen shirts for 75 cents, and find their own thread. Also that there are children who work 12 hours a day for a dollar a week. . A New. Pastor.—The "Daylesford Herald " reports at length a valedictory meeting tendered to the Rev. J. A. Marsland, who is about to leave that town to take the pastorate of the Wesleyan church at Golden-square. The hearty addresses given, and and valuable presen tations made, show that Mr, Marsland has won for himself a very high place in the esteem of the Daylesford people. Very complimentary references were made to the work done by Mrs. Marsland in the church and Sunday-school. Mr. Marsland will begin his work here on Sunday. Fatal Boat Accidents in New Sobth Wales.—Three young mcu—Richard Thomp son, a blacksmith, of Goulburn; Walter Spencer, a railway employe at Goulburn; and Daly, a resident of Braidwood (wires the Sydney correspondent of the " Argus ")—arc supposed to have been drowned in Lake Bathurst on Sunday afternoon. They went out in a small boat, and nothing has since been seen of them. The boat was found half full of water on the lake. Another drowning cise is reported from Raymond-terrace, on the Hunter River. Two men named James Hogg and John Cheers, sawmillers, of Alicetown, left Ray mond-terrace for home in a boat on Saturday morning, and have not since been seen. The boat was found floating bottom up, with the men's hats close by. Buffalo Bill and the Pope.—A despatch from Rome published in the San Francisco papers gives the following account of a singular sceue in the Vatican :—" High Mas3 was celebrated in the Sistine Chapel on 3rd March. One of the strangest spectacles ever seen within the walla of the Vatican was the dramatic entry of 'Buffalo Bill,' at the head of his Indians and his cowboys, when the priestly, secular, and military court were then assembled. In the midst of a glow of splendour there suddenly appeared a host of Indians in feathers and blankets, carrying tomahawks and knives. The Indians and cowboys were ranged in the south corridors of Ducal-hall. 'Buffalo Bill' (Colonel Cody) and his partner in the show wei e escorted into the Sistine Chapel by the chamber lains, and greeted by General W. T. Sherman's daughter there present. A Roman princess in vited Colonel Cody to a place in the tribune of the Roman nobles. When tho Pope appeared the cowboys bowed, and so did the Indians. 'Rocky Bear' knelt and made the ai<»n of the cross. The Pontiff leaned toward the rude groups and blessed them. The Pops looked at Cody intently as he passed, and the scout bent low as he received tne Pontiff's benediction." 