ABOVE THE SPEAKER. | SKETCHES IN PABLIAMENT. BX TIMOTHECS. " Timotheus placed on high." Again the interest has been not in the acting before the ecene, bat in the prepara tions behind it The " wait" is for the report of the Railway Commissioner?, which must be received before the great Construc tion Bill can be read a second time, and the period iB available for the disappointed to draw together with a view of mutual comfort and support. This they have done with effect The rail way caucus is the present power in the state, and it is it and its doings that are the theme of comment and report rather than those of the temporarily-displaced Cabinet Yet pro bably the power of the caacas is over estimated. The head is brazen enough no doubt, but the feet are of clay. Mr. Officer, as chairman, walks about with an air of mild confidence. Mr. Shiels, as the authorised mouthpiece from whom communications are received, is ex officio jubilant Very likely the promoters have a majority to-day, as is asserted, but will they retain it? UnlesB each member finds that hie little de mand is met in the forthcoming " caucus scheme," there may be no cohesion, and if each claim is recognised, the scheme will be too preposterous for the rational to support There are said to be forty-fonr raiders. At 20 miles a piece, that would be 880 miles, and an endeavour on this scale would be jeered at as ridiculous. The .promoters have recognised the danger, and have tried to provide against it by a " loyalty resolution." They do not mean to propose 800 miles. And those whoBe lines may be reluctantly left out by the caucus as really too much of a good thing are still to steadily vote for the scheme from end to end. No one who has got hiB line through the House iB to be bo mean as to be absent from divisions about the others, and so on. The " loyalty " resolution has been explicitly and even solemnly put after the manner of the conspiracy scene in the conventional drama. Chief Conspirator (Mr. Shiels]-Do you all swear it ? Chorus-" We do." No doubt there should be honour among raiders. But nsaally raiders are a Highland host After an engagement, those of the Highlanders who obtained plunder went home to secure it, and those who failed deserted in disgust The great heart of jtbe country about which so much has been said seems to have been thoroughly Btirred. at last, and thie without any effort on the part of the oratore. There baa been a descent npon the House. Hails and vestibules have been toll, and perhaps still ctre, of groups of worthy colonists, whose dress and demeanour indicate that they have swooped from the interior upon the local member to strengthen his hands, or to see that he'travels in the right path. Their brows are sun-burnt and their hands spade-hardened, and in honour of the visit they have obtained tweed suits, cut to the same pattern from the local Btores. The effort to give the big men the big suits and the little men the little suits has been gallant, but, as in a militia regiment, not always successful. The centre of each group Is the representative, striving plansiblyand energetically to explain away the awkward fact that his line is not in the bill, or declaring valiantly, like another JJesaix, that though the battle is loBt there is time to win another. The spirits of the member may be sinking at the time, as, perhaps, those of the marshal were, but neither before soldiers nor constituents is it advisable to show the white feather. When the district de aires a particular line, and that only, the member's course is plain enough. The nnhappy man is be whose constituents are divided between rival routes, for these feuds are the bitterest of all. There were fears tor Mr. Staughton at one time, when he was surrounded by those who want the Coimadai line to go straight and those who want the Coimadai line to go crooked. lie came on safe, but not unrufllfd. It is a triumph to diplomacy that the putting of all the wordy combatants in the Queen'a-hall was out wardly in peace. The eagerness was to he expected. Railways have put up the value of country landB from £2 to £5 or £7 per acre. They have made un saleable properties saleable. Poor men have become rich. Whether the result will be the same when all people obtain the lines instead of the few is uncertain, but hope runs high. Consequently there is a general snatch from the Snowy lliver to the taallee scrub for the expected wealth. The line will add to acre age value, and that is the resident's business. It will not pay working expenses, but this is not his concern. It seems odd at first that one ' set of men-the land [owners-are to pocket the profit, and another eet of men-tboae who do not own land-are to bear the loss. It might be thought that thoBe who make the permanent gain should meet the tem porary deficit. But this arrangement is held by politicians to be "absurd," "visionary, "impossible," and BO forth. Perhaps eo. If the right thing were practicable always the world would not be topsy turvy. The globe spins round each 24 bouts, and many matters are explained by the circumstance that Parliament meets when the earth is upside down. The formation of the caucus has not astonished anyone, but the acceptance by Mr. Officer of the poBt of chairman has sur prised one and all, Mr. Officer has never seemed to be ambitious to lead. If be had so pleased) he would have been put in nomination for the post of the Speakership, but the rolt ot the influential private mem ber has satisfied him. One imagines bim as a church o/Bce-bearer as a matter of course. Were he a banker, one presumes that he would receive an annual vote of thanks from satisfied shareholders for his "progressive but Bound and conservative policy." The idea never occurred to a soul that a caucus from which Mr, Anderson and others have withdrawn as too " wild cat" in character would have the member for Dundas as it& president. The statement is credible that Mr. Gillies was determined in his opposition to the caucus policy of expansion up to a certain point, but when Mr. Officer came to the front in the deputation room he was near to collapsing-neat to exclaiming fit tu Brute and giving up the ghost of a resistance. On the other hand, the assertion is to be discredited that in caucus the chairman is as gay as a Councillor Pleydell with [the wig off in the back room of the Canon gate hostelry, and as ready as that worthy advocatelto play "High Jinks," and that his cry is, " Shoulder to shoulder and we win, boys." The affidavits which some members are willing to swear would ob tain no credence on such a point. We may be sure that the Chairman's influence is a restraining power. Mr. Officer's pre sence is to be otherwise accounted for than by the supposition that be baB been carried off his feet. No lines are in a more hopeless condition so far as the Government are con cerned than thoBe railways projected through the Western district large estates. And des perate cases require desperate remedies. Mr. Shiels is now expected to regularly provide the social sensation of the session, and he is well to the front this time with a decided novelty. The clergy are, it seems, in part nt any rate, to be dead againBt him, but somehow the hon. member seems to flourish on their denunciations. Alter all the hard things said about him by cardinals and bishops in Great Britain, he is back alive and well. If the old liveliness is not so pronounced in Mr. Shield as it waB, we must remember that years ran on with us all, and bring responsibility with them, and moreover that a visit to England toned down the exuberance of Mr. Deakin, and showed that it was possible to repress-just slightly-the supposed irrepressible Mr. L. L. Smith. In this instance Mr, Shiels may well expect to have the House with him, more even than in the divorce measure. If men and women who ought to have married at first marry after all, the beBt thine must be to put all the children, those who come early as well as those who come late, on the same legal footing. The Metropolitan Board of Works is a sub ject which ought to excite interest, but bills do not obtain their deserts, and the difficulty when the measure was under discn&eion; was to maintain a quorum. The second reading was carried in the buzz of a general conver sation, The city members had humbly to accept the offer of the Premier to allow Becond-reading speeches in com mittee, but after this fiasco it was impossible to simulate excitement If Alderman Stewart and Mr. Fitzgibbon bad been in the House, the case would have been different. As it was, those redoubt able champions had to meet Mr, Gillies out side the chamber. The discussion was lonor and arduone. It might be possible to convince Mr. Fitzgibbon that two halves are cot equal to a whole, but it is distinctly impossi ble to mahe him acknowledge that the £800,000 in dispute should be paid by the city twice over, Alderman Stewart might be got to deny the efficacy ol habeas corpus, but torture would not induce him to Bwerve from the contention that the Stawell- Latrobe pledge to transfer the Yau Yean at coat price is not bindihg on the Hopetoun-Gilhes regime. Mr. IGillies has taken op his own idea with great pertinacity, the foemen are worthy of each other, and the curtain falls 1 on the stage situation " lett disputing." Mr. Gillies is an outsider in the matter, and the others have conviction, and it looks, there fore, as if the Premier will have to give way. The Council faced the federal question in a fair discussion, and therefore did better than the Assembly, which shirked the issue. The speakers who bad prepared themselves were Mr. N. Fitzgerald,' Mr, Eraser, and Mr. Geo. Davis, and the first-named gentle man gained the applause of a House which does not usually accord this tribute to itaj orators. The legal member for the South I Yam Province was abort, but he had ideas to I brine out. "I must run back," said Mr. Service to a lobby visitor, " to hear Davis, who i9 always interesting." But the J feature of the debate was that members were conspicuous by their absence. Sir I Frederick Sargood was silent, because, as j leader of the House, he considers it his duty to push business through. Mr. Service went home the second day for reasons of his own. The hon. gentleman could have said much I perhaps too much. His departure is accepted J as evidence that his withdrawal from the Convention-which was deprecated by every member who spoke-is final. But he has still up to Tuesday to reconsider bis deci sion and to defer to the general wish. If he persists in his decision it will be assumed that the policy of the hon. gentle* man iB to " keep dark on the weather bow," and that when Sir Henry l'aikes has had his run and haa tailed, then Mr. Service will appear on the scene Binil i up. 