FICKLENESS OF FORTUNE. Broadbrim, writing from New York, notices that the conspicuous failure of tbree prominent business men and well-known .politicians within the rait few weeks suggests the question : can business and politics'be successfully run together ? <5 . No' tBr& men iu tbiicommunity were better known than ex-Governor Alonzo B. Cornell, Franklin W oodruff, : of . Brooklyn, and John F. Plumroer, of this city. Six months ago all of them were sup- , posed to-be gentlemen .of ample , fortune. Every ione of them rated high on the Mercantile Register. Sixty days ago either one of them might have drawn bis cheque for a hundred thousand dollars, « and it would have been cashed by any bank in the city ; to-day two of . them: are bankrupts and the other has paltry judgments against him for a few hundred, dollars, Qoyernor Alonzo B. Cornell .. was born to fortune, , Hi? father was one of the richest men in the State, so rich that besides pro- . riding amply for bis family he had enongb left to , found the Cornell Institute at Itoica, one of the i ; most magnificent institutions of learning in the _ United States. From his infancy the Governor never knew want ; bis whole life has been mixed .- up with bankers, financiers and men of fortune. Hi» name ' on the list of directors of a bank or in surance company gave the institution character and standing tone, and as a consequence he was much sought after. For several years he was vice- president of the Western Union Telegraph Com pany, . and .being on the. inside ring of that gigantic monopoly he" was supposed to have a finger in all the nice soft plnms that float on the gilded surface of the stock market. At times when the bulls and bears met in deadiiy conflict a nod or a wink from Governor Cornell was worth a prince's ransom : his , word was law and his judgment infallible. Per- / haps he believed it himself; if he did he was . - destined to have a very rude awakening. It is just about eight years ago. in the early fall since the Governor sat in his magnificent office in tlje Western Union building. That morning Western Union sold on the market at 110, and was regularly paying its eight per cent, per annum ; before night it had tumbled ten points. The Governor looked a little bine ; not very blue, but just blue enough. , It, was a'mere bag of nails ; that little fellow Gould was trying to do some thing, but be would soon get tired, and when they did go for him they'd beat his brains oat. The .next morning saw the battle raging fiercer than ever, and so it continued \- for many days till the great stock fell forty points, and then the little wizard so fixed things that Governor Cornell was quietly elbowed out, his Blace as vice-president was given to one of Mr lonld's friends, bis infallible knowledge of the ' stock market was found to be a sham, for in the < formation of what was known as the blind pool, an ' organisation of capital for the propose of bailing ' ' the market, he lost everything. The blind pool : 'wm'amise'mble'failure, and everybody connected ' with if went to the wall, the Governor with the T rest! ' He 'never recovered from the shock. Only a ' /few years ago he was oneof the most prominent poli- 'ticfans in the State, now bis name is never men tioned/and. the week before last a number of small ' judgments were taken against him. His business ' ' Iosses'are said to have' affected his mind, and if it is . actually so he adds one more to the pitiful wrecks that line the shores of the Wall-street. In the Harrison campaign there was no more conspicuous figure : than John F. Plummer. Mr Plfimmar was the leading partner in one of the -foremost drygoodi bouses in New York, the specialty of winch was satinets ; for along time his iiwre, mg iuaifcia uu certain luxe ©I He was known in business circles as a tszrifer, and. people generally know when John F. Itssmer was . a rosed. During the Harrison cam- p s%sfse organised brrinevs men's Harrison and i&ixtoa; rinto, sH over the city, and it was he who ccgraaxed the idea of carrying the speakers and a _ Land aroend tee streets on a lag truck, stopping co the street comers or wherever they could get a aowd to give the people the true Republican gospel, and zHcrw them the advantages of the pro tection of ' American industry. Mr Flommer abandoned all business for the time and devoted hixatai exclusively to politics. He spent several | thousand dollars in the fight, and when the battle j was won bis services were overlooked and he began j to find out that politics, like the white man, was . berry cmserrin. - He then began to look into his business which he bad neglected for several months, and a few mornings after, his faithful partner with whom he bad been associated for over a quarter of . a eentory, skipped over to Canada that Paradise of American thieves, his books showing a deficit' of one hundred and forty thousand dollars ; and this with other business losses that he knew nothing of owing to bis devotion to politics haa ruined him, and to-day he is a bankrupt without a dollar in the world. Franklin Woodruff was also a wealthy man who was desirous of distinguishing himself in politics, and as a stepping stone to political preferment, got ' himself elected chairman of the Kings County Re-- ; publican . Committee ; and wben it is remembered, ' that if was the pulling 1 do wu of the Democratic - majority in Kings X'ounty, which rendered the election of .Bshjamih Harrison possible, it will ba 'seen that'Mr Woodruff in the distribution of the political loaves and -fishes was entitled to especial consideration, but he received nothing. A political rebellion was created by'.the leadership ; his party broke into, factions, - The opposing faction headed \- by a disreputable politician entered the . market with boodle to buy votes, and in the midst of the fight bis business crash came,' and he went by the board for two hundred , thousand dollars. Mr .Woodruff was the partner of the notorious Frank Moulton,1 who with Theodore Tilton, tried to rniu the late Henry Ward Beecber. Moulton had been 'indicted for attempted frauds upon the Govern ment, and through the intercession of Mr Beecber, the1 cases wore, compromised, and he escaped the penalty of his offences. Woodruff always denied any knowledge of his partner's frauds ;but he stood by. Moulton all through the Beecber. trial, and it is a startling fact, that almost every person connected with the persecution of Mr Beeclier, has gone to ruin. , Tilton Is wandering about, a sort of literary ghost, in Faris. Moulton died broken hearted and ruined several- years ago, and now his partner, who at qac,.time was rated a millionaire, 'sinks into hopeless bankruptcy. Meanwhile the preparations are being hurried forward, forthe'.erectionof the magnificent statue,, which grateiul Brooklyn erects to . the .memory of the great Plymouth pastor, aud which shall linnd/down his name and fame to futuro generations.'. - ;The Sandhurst Hospital Sunday Committee met on Monday,' when the receipts for 1889 were stated to bo L800, making' for seventeen years,, when Hospital Sunday was started, a total of LI 1,773, SJ5.VD Yoint Fdi-i, Apniiess, and we will send post' free/ one copy. A Treatise on Nervous Dis orders, Impediments' to Marriage; How to Choose a:' Partner for Life sri'as to Like Happily, and how to regain and Preserve Health, Ac. Write to Db. S.. Box 214. P.O.. r-. : , 7112 ill l on w v The deAth - is ' announced at Auckland of Dr-MtDonald, tho vicar apostolic to, the Maori mission, aged 63 years. ' 1 ' . ' ' The. Tauntoncoronrir,' on 20th May, irioes- tiiiutcd a / remarkable /ca'so, a laborer, nanied -Molly, being killed by bees at Hatch, Beauchatn p. Iiappchrt ho was' handling his hoes, his face being covered, withjmuslin,, tvhon one of tho. beos settled on the cloth'."' Endeavoring to knock -/ it uway/ he.;, dislodged //the;, wrapper whereupon three bees entered hfs mouth,, stinging him' iri the' throat. Hlo'.lexclaihied' to; a companion, ".Jim, I think I'm going to dio," and expired almost ? immediately from > suffocation, - After wards throe' bees' wore takSn 'from his mouth, , wbiohwas muchswoHeri. Orioof the bees 'was skilhqlivei '/A- verdict of' -pceid«w'fatl:'.-dmth«-.wu: > . rotoriiod. '/ .- ' .r; -'."..r'V A'inagistdrSal inquiry was hold .at TArnhguUa,' on Monday on tho human, remains found on Suturduy in an old rocf shaft. The clothing nn the remaiim wore identified as the clothes worn by James Chin Shay, a Chinese storekeeper, forinerly residing at Moiiagul, who left his home on (lip Hjlh of .June, .1889, and was .not. again soun'alivc. The clothing , wap identified by the widow itnd . eldest son of- the deceased, who .-woife ..in attendance at the inquiry. . A vordiot of found dead in an,pbandoned sbhf fc.was reoorded,'1 the'rV ; being no evidence to show how the deceased got I therej j 