IRowellfit. THE HAUNTED HUSBAND ; OR, Iiaily OUctwynU's Spcctrc. By Mks. Haqriet Lewis. CQAFTEB XXIX. ? MISTRESS AND MAID, Young Lady Chetwynd did not lose her presence of mind as Flack, springing from the cab, barred her further progress down the street. With a great oath, and with outstretched handp, he sprang, forward to intercept her. But with tlio quickness of a flash, Bernicc wheeled and ran in the direc tion she had come, passing the lodging, house from which sho had just cscapvd. She bad barely passed, when Mr*. Crowl and the ji'.uciiaciy, in a panic, came out of the house , nnd swiftly descended the steps in bcarch of Flack and the two women bounded in 1 pursuit of the young fugitive, Tho hour! was yet early, hut the. sky was fast darken ing, and a fine mist was beginning to fall. A gas lamp or two llickcred through the wet. There were few people in the street, Bernice had n brief start of her pursuers and flew on like a mad creature. She turned the nearest corner instinctively, ran a block, nnd turned a second corner before her pursuers appeared around the first. There bad been a momentary delay in the pursuit. The landlady had gone back to her open house. Mis, Crowl, remembering suddenly that she had not on her bonnet, signalled to the cab Flack had summoned, wnitcd for it to come up. and continued her pursuit in that. Flack had been detained for an instant hy Mrs. Crowl, who had franticnlly begged him to Gummon the cab for her, and the delay — brief as it was— wag most providential for Ber nice. Flack, with a muttered curse upon his con federate for detaining him. dashed on, turning the corner ns Bernicc had etano ; but. then he paused, looking up nnd down the street, uncertain which way to go. Thus occurred another providential delay, con tributing further to the cscape of the young fugitive. 'I can't lose time in tins way,' muttered the man. M She's gone down the Btreet.'\ He ran in the direction thus indicated. The cab, in which was .Mm. Crowl, followed his guidance, nnd passed him in the pursuit. Flack had not gone more tbau a block — not further than the first corner— when he be came convinced that he had taken the wrong course. With an audible oath, he turned nod hastened ia the opposite direc tion. AU this delay had been fatal lo him. Bernicc had sped on swiftly, turning comer after corner, without aim in her course beyond the hope and design of placing as great a distance ns possible between herself and her pursuers. And she saw nothing whatever of -them. Onco or twice, hearing steps or the roll ot n cab behind ber, she crouched in a doorway nnd waited until they bad passed, but the oteps were not those of Flack, nnd tho cab was not that in which Mw. Crowl was seated. Gradually, ns the distance Rho had travorse.i bcoatne greater, and her heart throbbed fiercely, and she became weary and footsore, she slackened her speed to a walk, yet she dared not sit down to rest leefc Lcr enemies should overtake her. Itseemed to her that sho ha*l walked many miles when at last she came out upon a wide, well-lighted street, where omnibuses were running and cabs rattled swift ly up and down — a street lined with fine shop?, and with plenty of promenaders, despite the fine mist that was falling. This was Oxford-strcct. Bernicc mingled with tho tide of pedestrians, and ft feeling of safety and security replaced her late terror. Her eaequa was on her arm. Site drew it on over her shoulders, adjusted her hat, and walked on very slowly. Rho had threo pence in her pocket, and wore her watch and chain, which Mould serve in emergency as money. But whero was she to spend tbe night ? Sbe sat down upon the doorstep of a dark cned house in a quiet street, so near to Ox *, ford-street that she could hear the rattle of tho omnibuses over the pavements. The bolls of the church some where near rang out the hour of eight. People passed her, but no one noticed her or ppoke to licr. 'Jkrbaps I might stay here all night ?' ?y Bcnnco thought, anxiously. Sho crept closer in tho shadow of tho tall jronrailingprotectingtbo8id.es of tho tall 1 flight o£ stepB, Sho had scarcely ensconced y herself to her satisfaction, when a man caino ^ hurrying along the street and ascended the very. 6t.eps on which she was crouching. He drew a latch-key from his pocket, and -while vainly endeavoring to fit it in the lock in tbe darkness, his gaze fell upon Bernice. 11 Here, you tramp,' he said, roughly, I 41 Bo off with you, or I'll call a policeman, I My steps are not a lounging-placefor tramps ! like you.' j Without a word Bcrnice aroso and stag gered on. She had no word of- pleading- nothing to say for herself—but movo on liko a shadow through the darkness and tho ?. mist. .' A littlo later she came out into a Bquaro, ^ingyand gloomy, enough at besti but now i dark and dreary with its spectral gas-lights aud rows of frowning buildings oil every side. This was Soho Square. Bernice crossed the square aud passed into a narrow street be yond. Sho could hear the rattle of Or.ford-strccl omnibusvB and cabs on Oxford-street pave ment, but littlo more tbau a block away ; but this narrow street upon which sho had entered out of Soho Square was very quiet. The houses were mo3tly darkened. From one house alone, the lower floor of which was apparently occupied ns a shop, streamed out a . broad glare of light which was strangely alluring. Orer the door wna bus ponded a sign, with the legend painted upon it in gilt: : PltiKKH Bongateau, : . ! French Confcdioner . \ Berntce paupcd before the confrcthvnrr's window nud looked in. it was a bright, clear room, with a counter upon each side. Upon ono counter was every variety of French bread, Upon the other counter were simple cakes iu variety, aud cups and sauccis, allowing that the little French shop was a resort for people out of Oxford sin ct who desired a cup of real French coif t!ft. 'How pleasant it is in there !' thought Bernice, looking vainly for the shopman or other cceupanl of the establishment. 'I'd liken cupof coiVec. It is a French shop; the name is Pierre Hongnteau. Wan not , Fifine's name Bongateau \ I thinkso. Her father was a pastrycook, living in Soho Square, or jost out oT it. .Was that Soho Square back yonder ? Perhaps this is Fi fine's father's shop.' She continued to look into the room with Jorn-ing eves. A woman, with a banket on her arm, came huirying past IWniee, and pushing open the. door, entered the shop. There was a bell attached to the door, and it rang out sharply. A woman came out ot tlio lilLle back parlor behind the shop, and proceeded to wait upon the late customer. riic shopwoman was French, as was ap parent nta glance. She wo re a trimly fitting black gown, a jaunty lit'.le white apron, trimmed with cherry ribbons, and a coquet tish little white eap, with a cherry ribbon in that also. The daik sallow face underneath the c.ip, with bright, black eyes nnd a viva cious ixpress:on, struck Bernice as being strangely familiar, H was— yea, it was Fifino, her former mail!. Bernice wa'ched the Frenchwoman with n wistful gaze. The. customer came out presently with a well-filled basket, and Fifino began to cover tho bread nnd cakes with a thin gatiKo, preparatory to closing the Bbop for tbe night. ' She is going to shut up,' murmured Jler nice. 'And thin 1 shall be doubly alone. Fifine loved inc. She was goodhcarted. I am very tired. I wonder if she would give me shelter lo-ni^ht, and not betray me to anyone. I wish I dared go in.' A noisy party of young men came out oE Oxford-street, approaching her. As they drew near they espied her, and one of them with a drunken laugh, endeavored to peer into the girl's face. ' I-t's see your face, my beauty,' he hic coughed. ?'What — shy? Here, boys, is something new. A girl actually shy, al though s- he's in London streets alone al this hour. Bah I she's acting, I'll have the kiss, or we'll go home with you, my dear, or both. Nosw for it !' He put nut l.w arm to c-a*p her want. Willi a stilled srronm Bernice sprang away from him and ran into the pastry cook's chop, the bell on tho door ringing loudly, Filiue turned 'towards the new comer and glanced a'f-o out of the door. She comprehended the cause of the abrupt in gress. 'Sit down, Mademoiselle,' she said, in her soft French accent, .♦'The men will soon be f one. Yon are safe here.' Bernice's hair veiled her face. She. flung it back with a sudden gesture, pushed back I ber shabby, limp Jiitlo hat, and stood re I v^nled, pale, despairing, yet wondrously beautiful. ' Fifino,' she said, softly, ' you think me dead. I am changed, I know ; but don't you kr:ow me ?' i Tue vo;ce was recnanised sooner than j tho lovely face, Fifine staggered back i with a great g»?p, aud then, believing | that she looked upon a spectre, gave a j'piereiug scream ami fell to the floor in a Tho noisy and lawless young men whose insults had driven Berlin-} lo 6eek refuge iu the French confectioner's shop, passed on when they saw their intended victim enter the shop door. No one in the house was ! aroused by the scream of Filiue. Bernicc i devoted herself with all haste to there j covery of the Frenchwoman. | Her efforts, were soon rewarded by the I gradual return of Filiue to consciousness. The Frenchwoman gave a great gasp similar to that she had given when fainting and opened her eyes, -only to close them ngain tightly, and to repeat berscream with added vigor and fierceness. Lady Chetwynd stooped over the rccum i bent figure, aud said, in a tono of gentle : authority : j 'Hush, Fifine you will havo the police here in a moment more. Compose yourself, Cnn you not comprehend that X nm Lady Chetwynd ?' Fifino gathered up her sprawling figure into the shape of a ball, and rocked herself to and fro frantically, crying out shrilly in tho French language : ' Oh, heaven I it's a ghost I It's a warning 1 I am not long for this world 1 I'm to be cut off in my youthful prime. Oh, the good Lord have pity I My good father I My poor 'mother I' She shrank away into the farther corner, Lady Chetwynd followed h»r, expostulating, entreating, reasoning. As the Frenchwoman grew somewhat calmer, Bernicc laid her white, cool hand upon the hand of her former - maid, saying : ' Grasp my hand, Fifine. Thero you see I am flesh and blood. Don't tremble and moan so. It is I, indeed, Fifiuc, I did not die, as you thought.' Fifine'* faith that her visitor was a ghost was staggered, Tho Frenchwoman's native sense began to assert itself. Her memory, too, was quickened, and she recollected various incidents that had transpired during the past few days that went far to proclaim the fact that Ludy Chetwynd had escaped the grave and was still living. 11 There, you see it is I, nnd not a ghost,' said Lady Chetwynd, as Fifine's limp bo^y began to stiffen, and Fifine's eyes began to assume their normal proportions. 'Haven't you a kind word for rac. Fifine? I am in sore need of a friend. 1' had no intention ofseekingyou. I camoupon you by chance. Will you give me a night's shelter, and will you, keep ray secret, Fifine? I wantno one, not even Lord Chetwynd, to know that I live?' 'What, does not ray lord know?' cited Fifino, amazed. 'No. Promise mo that you will keep my Beoret, thai you will tell no ono : that Lady Chetwynd lives. Swcnr it, FiGne,' 'I promise — I owear it,' said Fifine, in an awc'struck voico, ' But, my lady, I cannot understand liow it iB that you live and that my lord does not know it,' 'I will explain, Itcwembcr that you aro bound by an oatb to keep your sccrct, But first, are we alone?' and Lady Chet wynd glanced toward the door of the rear i parlor. ' Yes, my lady, we are alone in the house. The good father and mother went to the French theatre to-right, and I am alono in charge; I um a lady's maid now as before, my lady,but my o'Btrcsa; ta at tho opera , this evening, and I am privileged to remain hero until eleven o'clock. , You can speak freely, my lady— no ono will hear us.' There was a timorous look still on the girl's face, which Lady Chetwynd marked. ' I see, Fifine,' she said, 41 that, even now you aro not altogether persuaded thnt I nm i no spectre. 'Does it seem so improbable that J I should havo been coffined and consigned to the burial vault while I was in a state of tra: c: 1 It is strange and improbable, I know, hut it is true, and mine io not the only case of burial during a trance re sembling death. Hut one person alone bus p*cted that animation was only suspended, notnnnihilatedj within me, ami that was Mr. Monk.' ' My faith I And Mr. Monk rescued you, my lady?'1 In response to this czclamation, Bcrnice told-Fifine hor pitiful story, including Lard Chetwynd's intended marriage with Sy'via Monk, and Gilbert Monk's avowal of his love io her. Sho ended by paying : j ' I have tried to get a situation as govcr aip53. I have but three pence in iny pocket to-nlyht, and I am Bhelterless.' II Not shelterless while Fifine lives, my lady. I will keep your sccret. No hypocrite ! nor mock sympathy from any one can drag lit from me,' exclaimed tho Frenchwoman, ; volubly, ' Ah I my lady, you were kind to : me, and I do not forget it. I wish X might live with you again, although 1 haves a good mistrefs now. You shall stay here, my room is unused hero, and you shnll 'have it. The good father and scother need not sus p»ch who you nra, my Indy. Let them think .you Miss Gwyn, a new lodger, a lady I used to know. Shall it b^ so ?' ' It you plca$ot Fifine. You comfort me,' ' And you need comfort, £oor infant I' said Fifine, and ngniu rubbing her eyes in dustriously, ' Was ever such sorrow, such romance, such despair 1 Ah I my lady, the falsa husband shall not find you hero. You are safe here. It may be that 1 can get you a situation as companion, my lady,' she said with aslart and sudden flush. ' And then 1 could serve you still, though secretly. My mistress has sought a companion of ac complishments for a month past. She wants a young lady who can sing nnd play tbo pianoforte and read French — a drefised-up lady, whom she will treat as a lady ; for, with all her proud ways, my mistress is a lady to her heart's coro. I'll recommend you to her as Miss G«vyn, my former mistress in reduced circumstances, nnd she has bucu faith in me that sho will gladly engage you. I have been with her sines the week after your ladyship died— that is, was buried.' ' Oh, Fifine, if you could only get this place for mo I I feel so losi;, po cast out into tiie great world, so hopeless and forlorn. Who is your is mistress ? ' ' Lady Diana Northwick, madamc. She's a beauty and a belle, nnd cold ns ice. I'll speak to Lady Diana this very night, nnd to- morrow, rny lady, you shnll be nt your new home. Let me get you a cup of coffee, my lady,' said the Frenchwoman. ' Come into tho little back parlor.' Fifine conducted hot former mistress into the rear room, whero wax csndles were burning, nnd an air of cosiness prevailed. Bcrnice sank into an easy- chair which Filino drew lo the table, nud the maid bustled about, preparing n cup of strong French cofiVc. She brought it, all black and steaming to Lady Chetwynd, with n roll. Tlie marchioncps drank the fragrant beverage eagcriy. ' I wonder,' said Vifinc, thoughtfully, ' if my lord does not suspect that' you live, my lady. There was a man here the otherday, ; my mother lei!* me. 'a gentleman, a swell, j with an cye»la?s and cane, who asked for me. He came to Lady Diana's to see mo. ! And what did the miserable want / Why, j only to ask what dress your ladyship was [ buried in, and if it had a tine dam in the I lace under the sleeve? Of course it lind. Did 1 not darn the rent m\st If, and w«is it not WfH done? He biousjht tlie dress to me, nnd I identified it. But what did he mean? There is n mystery here which has puzzled me much.' ' I know- no such person ns yon describe! Fifine, and I cannot t'dnk who he can be, but I left my dress at the Park the Inst time I was there, and securely hidden, as I thought. So they have found it? Ah, he must havo been sent to you by old ltacec I' cricd Bernice, paling suddenly. 'Filine, that woman has twice tried to take my life. I am afraid of her. She has found tho dress and has employed some one lo seek for me.' 'You must be right, my lady, for my mother tells mo that, a strange heathen wotnnnhas been here twice, nshing singular questions, and wauling to be taken in as lo 'ger. Sho wns very anxious to know if my mother had n lady lodging here, nnd she stayed in the fchep many hours watching the door of this room as a cat watches a mouse. My mother thought her demented. 1 could not think who she might be; but she is Kngee I feel ready to swear.' ' She will como again. She is cruel, re morseless, pililess. She in liko a human' tigress thirsting for my blood. Fifine, in Heaven's name, promise mo that you will keep my sccret ; that, not even to Lord Chet wynd himself will you reveal the fact that I live; promise?' II I swear to keep your secret, my lady, until you yourself give me leave to tell it 1' said Fifine, solemnly. 'I will not betray you even to rny own parents or to my mis tress.' 'Then you must cease to call me* my lady,' Fifiuo. I am only Miss Gwyn — Miss Bernice Gwyn you can call me. I shall not have to relinquish my own 'name of Ber. nice.' Fifine approached and. removed the empty cup. Then she took Lady Chetwynd's hand and kissed it affectionately, mentally regis tering a vow to be true to the promise she had given, 'the solemn oath she had taken, nnd to befriend and protect her former young mistress to the best of her ability. A souud of the rattling of heavy wo'oden shutters was now heard. 'It is my father,' said Fifine, ' nc is putting up the shutters. The father nnd mother have returned from the theatre, and 1 must go soon to rny mistress. 1 will wait to commend your ladyship to the care of the good mother.' The shop door was pushed open, the bell ringing violently. Fifine's parents had re turned. Lady Chetwynd rose up taking off her limp little hat, and awaited their ap pearance. Fifine ran and opened tho door leading into tho shop, and called out volubly : 'Is it you, my father? Hasten this way. I have a guest to consign to your carc before I leave. Come I' CHAPTER XXX. BEUKIC12 ANXIOUSLY SOUGHT. Young Lady Chetwynd trembled with a terrible anxiety and drend ns tho French , confectionerand his wifo entered the cosy little back parlor behind their shop, where she awaited thero. She stood up, pale, yet with a sweet aud gentle dignity, a quick self-possession, and a faint smile on her brave, sweet young face, that thrilled Fifine with a sweet lovo aud respect for her. ? 'Come in, mon f-crc\ come in, ma vitro ^ Bald Lady Chetwynd's former maid. ?? I havo here a surprise for you. I havo taken in a lodger for tho night. It is Miss — Mjss Gwyn, a former mistress of mine. Mis3 Gwyn, Monsieur nnd Madame Bongateau, my good father and mother.' . M. Bongatcau, expressing a look of sur prise, made a flourishing bow to ''Miss Gwyn Madame Bongateau mado a littlh bobbin* courtesy, intended to indicate the i deepest respect for the younjj lady, Y 'I do not remember your namo, M'sj j Gwyn,' said the confectioner with an air of hospitality, 'but you arc wclcome lo the shelter of my roof and the beat my house nffords. Pray, bo sealed, Do not Bland on our account, I beseech you.' Bernice resumed her scat. Fifino hastened to remove tbe outer wraps of her i mother. j Bernice liked both husband nnd wife at ? first glance. Their simple courtesy was no. I outside, veneering, but the expression of Kindly naturcsand a true, inbred politeness. Tb^y asked no questions. They uaw that their guest was a lady, and Fifine's simple introduction had been sufficient to commend her to their kindest attention. Fi2ns made fresh coffee for her parents j and a little supper was eaten, at which , Lady Chetwynd took part. After thesupper, ! Filiuo conducted her ladyship to a pretty j little bedroom up slalrs, overlooking the ! street. This was Fifine's own room when at ! home. j ' My lady,' sho said, simply, ' you will I honor me by wearing my clothing ns if it were your own. Your outside garments arc quite ruined Wo will attend to theme to-morrow. You are safe here, I will put my parents still further on their guard ; against your enemies. And now good | night.' ! Sho took Lady Chetwynd's thin white ! baud and kisc'id it, but Bernicc stooped and kissed Fifine's cheek with a grateful ! affection that brought tears lo the girl's eyes. Fifine soon withdrew, aud Lady Chet wynd undressed, and went to bed and to elepp. It was late in tbo morning when she awakened. The shop-bell was ringing fit fully below, as customers came ami went. Bernieo arose and dressed herself iu the gar ments FiGne had provided for her. Her toilet was scarcely made when a low knock on the door announced Madame Bongateau, who came in with a tray on which was cofice, hot rolls, and little pats of new, yellow butter, unsalted. Madame greeted her guest with kindly in terest, and inquired with solicitude how she had passed the night, and how she found her self this morning. Bernice having replied satisfactorily to tbeso inq-iiries, madaine Baid : ' lb is much more chccrful down stairs than here, Mademoiselle. When you have eaten your breakfast, eomc down in our little back parlor and read the morning papere by the fire. The morning is wet and chilly, nnd Pierre would insist upon tho extravagance of a fire. I own tho effect is delicious. You will come, Made moiselle ?'' Bcrnice assented, and her hostefs with drew. The young fugitive ate. her breakfast, and soon after descended lo the little parlor, which was indeed bright and cosy, A low fire was burning in tho grate. She read the newspapers, looking over the columns of 'Wauts' with great care. Madamo Bongateau was called frequently into the shop, nnd Ilernice was for the most of the time alone. The could hear the ratt le of spoons iu the cupi as customers sipped their colfce ; she could hear distinctly nearly every word that was spoken in the shop, yet the murmur of voices, and the rager bustling, and the occasional sharp reprimands of madamc lo monsieur were not unpleasant to her. After her recent enforced ami long solitude, these indications of busy life were, in fact, decidcdly pleasant. At noon Madame Bongateau brought to her guest a dainty luncheon, daintily served upon a small table, which she wheeled before Bernice, Bernice had finished her repast, the table had been removed, aud she was again alone, with a newspaper on her kneej when the shop- bell tingled for the hundreth time that day, and a man entered the shop, which at the moment was nearly dc3erted. Monsieur and tuadnmo were there, however, at the desk near the partition between the shop and parlor, and Bernice, heard the newcomer approach the desk with a swift stride, nnd address the worthy couple in a voice that startled her, and thrilled her very soul with alarm. It was the voice of Gilbert Monk I ' Good-morning, Monsieur, Madame,' said Monk, politely, yet with perceptible im patience. 41 Are. yon the parents of one Fifiuc H»»ngaleait,who formerly lived nt Chetwynd Park, Sussex V' Madame Bongateau courteously replied in tbeatUrmative, ?Ms Fifine at home?' demanded Monk, with a quick, sharp glance toward tbe inner ' No Monsieur,' said madam?, if» a}tonc of surprise. '?Pardon, Monsieur, hut what interest has Monsieur iu our Fifine?' inquired Monsieur liongateau, giving his long moustache a fiercer upward twirl. ' 1 ani Lord Chetwynd's step. brother,' said Monk. ' I am in search of a young hjdy who has iled from her home and friends. I think, ns she had no money, she might eomc to Fifine, who formerly served her, Is she here ?' ' Who is i';you seek, Monsieur, inquired Madame Bonuateau, cautiously. ' Monk hesitated. Bcrnice held her breath in au agony of suspense. Monk continued to rcflcct. With au assumption of frankness, he said, at last : 'Tbo young lady is known as MisBGwyn. She may have taken another namo, or pre tended to be Borne noble lady, possibly, b'he has been ill, and her brain is not yet quito right. It is necessary that I find her im mediately, nnd restore her to her home. Is she in this house?' Wo do not tako lodgers, Monsieur,' said Madamo Bongateau, somewhat loftily. ' We regret that wc are uot able to assist you in your search for Mies Gween, but you will be obliged to look for her else where.' ' Is she not in this house, Madame?' de manded Monk, sharply. ' Ili, Monsieur 1 Is it thus you speak to madamc, my wife?' cried the little confec tioner. witb his fiercest air. ' Do you come here to subject us to tho cross question — the inquisition ? Is not this a country where j even the French exile has his rights? Be I good enough to depart, Monsieur. I cannot permit to madamc this agitation. Go !' i The confectioner pointed to the shop door in true theatrical style. Monk glared at tho confectioner, who smiled back at him airily. Then, with an oath, Gilbert Monk strode to the door. As he passed out a carriage drovo up tothoshrp and Mies Monk put her head out of the win dow, calling to her brother. He stnrlcd, looked annoyed and surprised, but obeyed her summons. His dejected, angry air told plainly the story of his dis comfiture, 'I came to see Fifine,' Baid Sylvia, re garding her brother keenly, ' but I think I won't get out, after all. Did you reccivo the note I sent you in caro of Scotsby & New man, Chancery Lane?' ' No, I've not bccnaround there to-day,' said Monk, sullenly. 'I left you in Sussex. What arc you doing in town V ' We came up— Roy and I — to do a little shopping,' Baid Miss Monk. ' We've ordered tho wedding cards, ltoy is off this morning with Mr. Tempest, and 1 have been almpping in Itegent-3treet. 1 am uneasy, Gilbert, You look strangely. Ib— is all safe?' she asked in a whisper too low for the ear of the coachman or footmen. ' Not particularly so,' said Monk, coolly. 'The girl's escaped from me.' ' ICscapod I Great Heaven I Escaped 1' ' Yes. You act as if all tho danger threatened you. You needn't be . troubled. She won't troubloyou,' said Monk, speaking in Hiridostanec, that the servants might not understand him,. u Como and see moat Park Lane, Gilbert, at Lady Marchmont's. And give mo- your address, I may need: to communicate with you,'— (To be Continued.) 