WRITTEN IN SNOW; OH, The Jlygterjj of tlie Eag-le's ! < ii <r. Br S. E. CHAPTER TL—{Continued.) The holly'i bright leaves'and berries red In wreaths o'er tiifi picture-frames bospread, And the mistletof above them, For maidens who covot yet seem to dread A kiss from thé Ups that love them. I . , Matty started j and blushed j almoit guiltily—a blush %rhich made Cicely open her pretty eyete j in some amazement. Miliijca vue girl 8 gaze, sne felt saddenly enlightened, and [nodded her sunny head. " I thought so,""j she mattered, placing her hand lightly upon the arm which at that moment was ' presented to her. " I knew my grave brother would prove too much for her romantic fancies." A smile crossed her lips, and a tender look crept Into her eyes. Raising them suddenly to see with whom she had ientered the dining-room, sh* gare a little astonished start. " I beg your pardon, Mr. Vaùghan 1 What 1 îmnst hajre yon thought of me ? I really did not knpw it was yotf." " Sol guessed;, or you would not hart smiled so sweetlyj" |he answered moodily. "Why should jy^u say that ? You are unjust ?'' [| As she spoke Cicely coloured, and her bosom heaved in : a) little troubled sigh: She could not blind herself to the fact—a rery disagreeablefatt indeed—that young Vaughan cared for her more than was for his "peace of mini j j Before her engagement he had shown her marked attention, although she had repelled him with i undisguised coldness. Now it was so useless seeking her love, she couW not help '[feeling distressed and vexed bj his persistency. , "Do you ever give me one kind word ! Do yon ever lookijat me willingly ?" he muttered below his breath. " Yes, certainlj £ but you have no right to speak to m£ thus. You presume too much on our friendship." " Gt>d knows I |^sh I could forget !" he said, and his vojcé sounded hoarse and strained. j j) 41 Sometimes I feel as though I should go mad, and then li I decide it would be if we never met aga^i. "Then comes the mptation I have {no strength to resist." The distressed look deepened oa her air face ; her eyes grew dark and uneasy, he felt siony for the poor fellow, but at he same time resentful. It seemed to pure soul wropg to listen to)such ords—culpable to!) let him speak of nis opeless passion. )j ! HuBhl" she whispered presentlyj, her anee wandering cowards that end ot the ble where Sir Alan sat. " If youlcan otforgetmy faith is plighted 'to another— îy lieare no longer free, I must deny you he confidence even 6f a friend." Algernon winced, and looked intensely 1p1iBerable.11 He was deeply, passionately " love with -iho girl, and the idea of ving won only, herji dislike sent a tWll f utterangoishthraugh Iiis îheart. 1 | j forgive me i? muttered lKok«nly, i face white and xigid -wUh ithe intensity if his emotion^ i I Iknow ït^is wrong—I ' low I ought ta bidémylore, but some-, it bursts aliboadft- 1 -! have no «biitrol }ver ^L He; did oot .jnplTejrpd'^ij jodu^,; : ..trîi^al'^^^i: gentleman J3m' ! ife ihàd" so ijmile l^isla^o^^r)! again; and Ci turned^ io an Href; ^nàâe wl liUsâ^eMÎght.èrW ÊêH; * (oigbîtêp b^r «t^Àlj^enioa ab of joa/^ùtar," herself sily down beside her f: iend. I wish y accepted hïiu instead wf Alan." "But Alan. Yo 1 seem to •ignore that," Cicely answered duietly. " ^0 you did, unfortunately.] I should so hive liked you for a sister." " I mky be that yet." " [What do you mean ?" Matty, said sharply. Then a conscious flush dyed her cheaks. " No, no ; hë wpuld nevér care ror pe," she addsd more sjowly. \ Ciplyj laughed and pinched her chcekh, bending j forward immediately afterwards to kiss tie soft smiling lips. | ; " He would love you if you only gave him ]some encouragement. Alii I ask of' you is ncit to break his heart, as you have •done so taany—that I could ne^er forgive yon." Matty, rested thoughtfully silent when Cicely hfid left her ; so absorbed, indeed, that she did not heed the opening door, and when Lord Sylvester took the empty chair| beside her she started violently. " ©id I frighten you ?" he asked, slightly amused by her sudden shrink- '"g. ! 1 " > r es, .1 little." i " Yim!; thoughts were very! far away. I wonder what pretty fancy was passing through your mind to bring so angelic an expression to your eyes ?" | " It was a foolish dream—}-one best forgotten " she replied softly—}-so softly that he birely caught the words. "Nof^ tell lile, Lord Sylvester, are tiliere any ghosts at Eagle's Cliff?' Maurice gave her a quick, half-smiling glance. Then his eyes roamed round the brill iant-ligtated room. | " ÎTo ; j I am sorry to say the! place is not haunfed. There is nothing so respect able as a ^host about here. 1 " That s tiresome ! Wifen I paw those old ivy-co eered ruins, the fine picturesque arches, I juite imagined one Ijegend a{ least tlir^w its mysterious sjiell upon theml " 3Tot tjliat I know of," he answered carelessly.) " Do you like Eagle's Cliff." j 1 " It is 6 lovely place !" Matty isaid with frank enthusiasm. " I could live liere forever !" j " li Hrish y T ou would," Maurice murmur-; ed ; and Matty, lifter a hasty look at his hauiliouicjface, averted her own. ponscinus that her cheeks were burning most uncom- : fortably. I j i "Couhllyou make up your jmind to rrignj here as mistress—mistrkss even of my heiii't?" Maurice went on aud iously. Matty girew still hotter, and unfurliug her feathery fan she held it before her face -j then, afraid of what might come next, I she rose to her feet, and Jcrossing: the riiom, paused [beside her brother. Algernoh was sitting somewhat apart from the others, Iiis moody eyes watching Cicely's lovely laughing face, his heart throbbing jvith painful agony. Hej did not notice Matty, so the girl went jawayj a little chill cast npop lier by the sight his grief. ; " Your brother doe= not seem! happy What can I do to amuse him ?" [Maurice asked ly, reaching her side notict a" 86 " You can do^ nothing ; it is his riiuiL nc supers, telle answered, •VUP' most wish now he-'îiad refuse I your mother's kind invitation ; it wou^d hare been better ifor him." Ma ruice's surprised expression W3s sud denly replat ed by one of keen sympathy ; he nn lersto ad whatîilatty had left unsaid and a thons h his j own heart li ad—never been tbuch» 1 by love's treacherous passion, he could sti 1 feel compassion for those of Ins)fello creatures who suffer^! from it. I CHAPTER III. ! HeaU As from iifar each softly uttered )word, Anç drifted onward through the gold en gleàmg, | j j Ana shadpwB of the misty sea of dreams. It was night—-a fine moonlight! night, in spit* of its intense coldness. The snow had at) leastjceaseA falling,and the dense mist which had'hitherto obscured the sky having cleared .;away, it shonejbright and unclouded «bpve the gTeat white world.) ;") • Several people! were advancing down the long avenue of Eagle's Cliff—-young peoplej seemingly, for gay voices and ring- denly fcicely ing laughter echoed joyously on thei frosty air. ' Foremost amongst them came Sir Alan and Cicely, the latter completely enveloped in a long loose cloak of rich dark velvet, j ; 1 Thet were talking together in lo tojies, her fajr head so close to him that it almost! rested against his shoulder. ' I am so' glad we decided ta walk home,'she whispered, her hands unconsciously tightening about his arm. * It is such aî^rfect gloriouB night.' ' Yojrare iot cold ?' Alau questioned tenderly,^pamsing to draw the cloak closer round ner. I * ISToi qnité warm. S«e how cosily I am wrapped bp.'. He bent his head and près Bed à soft clinging kiss mpon ter sweet uptumei face —a Joes^that]brought a rich colour 10 her cheeks, 1 soft light to her eyes : then sudrepièmbering ' where they were, startel back, glancing furtively her, tint' no one was near enough behind to have) obser red that swift .morem^iit. 'You are very daring,' she murmured, jtryiug to force* her voice to sound reproachful, ' Anyonemight have seen you. I don't %are if all the world saw. Aire you n<^.miae v' ^ . '.NoUqiuti •itherp is yet "time fo:: nie to «hantê ihj mind.' - - ; lie lijqgfcè' tigMy, and his hand c iioséd over fcsr c Son^s- Even in. the faint moon" j9be A4»uld Bee low his^ flflllM ow]|irou^ly' he draw hi 1 nsâf- €TBCt. ; r - ' f I d«fy all j.he iwoâd ito «iakeyou j lï&t;, Cicelv. j If I ladW^aph perfect ia thl. jsMtOd. Hi wonder myself, sometimes,' Cicely sail) bemurely. '; ] hey passed on into the j house, and presently the rest of. the.jjarty followed, them ;;Miatty came last with I.ord Sylvester, fb'ut she paused as-she reached the snow covered steps. i J !. thought Algy was with us ; where is he f?f slie asked hurriedly, glancing back ; at jtpe winding avenue. ; did not • know he had left us,' Maurice answered. ' He cannot be far.' * f-^gy the girl called softly, and her voice vibrated on the keen ,cold air— ' AlgyJ' . Sjuddehly she saw her brother standing near one of the gaunt trees ; he had struck a match and was busy lighting his cigar. ' What is it ?' he said carelessly. ' (Are ybu not coming in 7' . j ' Not until I have finished this cigar.' ' Very well ; only don't stayi out too longj ; it is terribly cold.' ! Algernon turned sharply as [the halldooij closed after her, and sauntered slowly to and fro. T^ie wind blew very coldly, but he did not heed it-, his mind Was full jof bitter anguish—his soul distraught with varying passions. 1 y^ould it not be better for me if I went away—more honourable towards her f he muttered, and even as this thought entered hjs heart, lie, ituJJ.-ij-. stopped short and drew Ilia breath iu an astonished gasp. Coming towards him, looking like a dark shadow against the pure whiteness of the snow, was Cicely, her long cloak held tightly around her slender form, the dain y hood drawn over her head. As she approached him she paused, fixing her glorSous eyes !ull upon his. ' Cicely,' he murmured almost inaudibly, r is it really you ?" She did not answer, but a slow heaven ly smile crossed her lips, and theipallor of her cheeks was replaced by the loveliest, softest colour. Her eyes, too, as they gazed athiiii, was full ->f cur'-ius vearning —of vague surpris'.-. ' Algf !' she iaid at last, and the sound of hi, name, spoken in that sweet, musing voict, mndf- his heart throb with switt madness. 1 Why tiid you come ! Was it to meet me ?j he asked, forgetting in what moment the cjildness with which she had hitherto treated him, remembering only that he loved her desperately—that she was alone in the folitaiy moonlit night with him. 'No; I did not know I should meet you,' she ausweied softly. ' I came out to see the beautiful w'iite world; which looks like fairyland bathed in that 1 flood of radiant moonlight. Could anything be more exquisitely lovely V She spoke with quick enthusiasm, and clasp îd her hands ' rapturously together. As her cloak fell back Algy noticed that beneath it she wore only a loose robe of some pale tint, very pretty, but hardly warm enough for the bitter weather. ' Tjake care,' lie wiiisper^d, wrapping her up as tenderly as if she had been a childt ' I should never forgive myself if you Caught cold.' ' Ijam never cold,' she answered with a Stuldeil itlroiu^ l^nqli, 1 4 *— —- plea skint being Trith you.' SKe looked at him frankly, and Algy saw tfhat her eyes were no longer full of chilling hauteur. There was a depth of quiet happiness in them—a sweet light as of shy dawning love. No wonder his heart thrilled with an intoxicating joy that made hjs brain reel and grow dizzy. Catching her .siunil hands in his, he chafed them gently, and she did not withdraw them from that close clasp. Emboldened by her silence^ he btnt lower, pressing passionate kisses upon the pretty pink palms. 'Cicely,'he murmured ardently, ''Cicely my own darling 1 Cjeely,' she r^psated musingly, half laughSngly. ' Yes, Cicely to you if you will/I ' HSw did ycu escape from the others ? Whiqh way did you come out 7' * When I found myself alone I crept jaway,) and came through there.' [ Thé girl pointed to a darkened! side of xhe house—a part Algy had hitherto thought unoccupied. [Now he [saw, for [the fiijst time, a bright light burning in one of thq ivy- wreathed windows. ; . ' ere you not afraid T' he questioned [tenderly ' A'little, but when I saw you I knew ino onp would harm me.' ! ' Mv precious love !' Sh£ laughed again, and stretching up ^er^snow-white hand, laid it softlV against bis cheek. That touch sent an; electric thrill through his whole being. ! ' Yim do like me a little, then,'| he said passionately. ' Cicely, tell me you pare for .me." ; [ 41 ike you very much indeed she answered, lifting her eyes to q^et his ardent kzc. ; 1 ) ' Do you love me ?" | * iLiiVe ?" -he repealed, lier bpnTS jpackered iip into a curiously pensive exjires- ^i(>n. < /I do not know what love lis, but Jj. daresay 1 shall jlove you Boon—if ) it is possible.' j " i i Thelsmile of sweet amusement whicl: •ded her speech made Algy's heart tkrob blissfully, } j 'If"jl thought you did not sio much for Sir A3an, I should be qnite con tent.' t „ • ' < i I * I dp not çare for anyone eo well as I do you,' * Then I may hope of winning" ydar ^jart—lwinn'ing you from him?' Atgy cried eiultinglj^and he kissed -her jhktaà "ip amd Sgaiaj until stio^dtéw it 1 ( Knd.^tiine. 4>hej . both renxained silent—i -«îlendç more eloquent! than Tée 4 jirl was leaning against Ibeisnsrled tean £ of in old tree, her fair ft fajrnèà, the silvery inoonligbt LeodingUît upwiird glancj full of subtle fascinationglances accon: paaied by soft trçmulbuf sighg. •.- JPresently, hffv r e»»r, she started, and drew! lierseif fion 'his hold ; the lorply colour faded ! rot 1 her cheeks, aud her eyesjgrew -wistiul y _ sad. li must,-go, sflLi e brealhed. I dïire not stay'longer.' ' But you w 11 come again ? I copld not live if I thou, ht this was to lie tihe [swered, a shade lover iher face, alone I sit and full of wonderj) N guests, I aru nht happier, less lobe, end of my ha{jpir ess. I have been {broken hearted—wretiihep have pity 6u tne now.' ) j I, too, am often unhappy,' s|ii' anof melancholy ^tealikig Sometimes when quite ink, and my mind j is ow the house is nil [of 30 sad, for it malc^s ine y to see and hear thèm place.' me to-morrow, here 1 moving about jjhe ' Will you nteef ' Yes. if Icàta.' Thank you^ mjy dearest. Th I shall be here waiting ; yon will not let nie ait in vain ?' I [will come ; — low gladly you Cannot, even guess. Th night will sçcm long-— the day like an'et< rnity, until wfe two meet again.' She moved fporr him, but turned after she had gone aboi t a yard, and slowly ri' traced her step^. ; ; Placing her haEcis in his eagerones. 1 - . ljt^, - . J'O .nil.. ..lull ' If I do not )cotie you will know it i? ; I have liepn prevented ; I am not my own mistress.' j ' I shall understand, sweetheart, though ijt will be hard to Çear.' i : And you will ot forget me—you will think of me without anger T lie quèstionçd wistfully, j ' Indeed I will. Cicely, kiss mu just Once before you gi that 1 mav know :, I have not been Jrc iminj: ) She hesitated a moment, the swift shv bloom returning tç her face He did not ask ,n-ain, but waited ver pitientlv unt il. :m< ting his eloquent e^i treating gaie, !(er timid scruples were en iirely overthrown. With heighten? 1 colour lifted hk Jownbent head,] hd let 1 press his lips passionately lier glowing cheek. Once—twice [he kissed h. r : thep she broke from l.inl i nd sped hurriedly tbli wards the house,, her dark form iwing distinctly against he frozen ground, [ As • she reaclif avenue she.paised him. {Tii pt the enil of tlir> î wavivl lier hand i 1 Cmtinw.rJ.) 