-THE POLITICAL ARGUMENT IN. '..'. FAVOUR OF PROTECTION.' /] I started,','-,.. By B. E. WISE. X-(COKdLTTÍIOX.) THE COST OF PROTECTION. In the last article an attempt was made to estimate the loss in money which a protective policy inst etc upon a country. But the cost of protection is something beyond what can be estimated in mere money. To begin with, the policy is a defiance of man's moral instincts. It rests avowedly on selfishness, and justifies its action by appeals to national prejudice and class interests. Where freetrade preaches the brotherhood of man, and urges that in foreign as in private commerce a nation should do unto thers as it wishes to be done by protection advnoatesnational isolation and inculcates the doctrine of doing to others in commercial matters as they do unto us. "Peace on earth, goodwill towards men," which is the motto of the Cobden O ub, can have no meaning to the ears of men who wage an inter- recent war with every nation by the means of hostile tariffs which are not the less deadly than murderous weapons because . they do not leave the victims mangled on the ground. A FORM OF SLAVERY. Nor is the moral aspect of protection any brighter if the policy is contemplated only in its home results. It is an interference with human liberty of the same nature, and differing from it only in degree, as human slavery. "If it is criminal," said Cobden, with his usual insight, " to steal a I man and make him work for nothing, it is equally criminal to steal from a free man the fair reward of his labour." Every increase of price in a protected article means an addition to the forced labour of those who desire to buy it. Such an invasion of human freedom may be justified, as negro slavery was justified, by more or less sincere assertions that the interest of the poor requires it but in its essence it is always, as in practice the facts prove, a device to secure advantages for rich men in which the poor do not share. THE REASON FOR CONFIDENCE. It is this consciousness of the deep-lying immorality of a protective policy that justifies the confident belief among freetraders in it ultimate destruction. Those who believe that morality is the nature of things " are not likely to be much disheartened by the passing victories of restrictive policy a. Periods of reaction are inevitable and when the reach! takes the form of a military despotism and belief in force, tariffs, which are the accompaniment or militarism and the denial of justice, are necessary incidents of the reaction. Even already, however, there are signs that the nightmare of protection is lifting ; while the causes for discouragement have never been so great as those which darkened the days of the abolitionists only 20 years before the civil war ANTAGONISTIC TO PBOQKESS. Not only is protection indefensible on moral grounds, but it deserves to be condemned for its antagonism to one of the most elementary and permanent of human instincts the desire to satisfy wants at the least cast We spend millions in dredging harbours, in removing sandbags, and by every means improving: the facilities for intercourse; and as soon as we experience the effects in a reduced cost of goods, the protectionists would have us lay a new tax, like restoring the sandbars, in order to undo the work. Well may Professor Sumner say, " To build sandbars across our harbours would be a far cheaper means of reaching the same end I" If the protectionist theory be correct, all the thought, energy, time, and money devoted to he improvement of means of communication between foreign nations is wasteful and injurious. A great steam- ship or an international railway only exists to cheapen the cost of transportation ; improvements in the processes of manufacture are only designed to cheapen he cost of prod action ; improved markets, co-operation, and similar devices are only reported to in order to cheapen the of >st of distribution. The net result of this manifold exertion of human powers is the reduction of prices. Yet, let prtens fall in any country save their own, protectionists at once declare that the result is ruin, not advantage, to their fellow-citizens. The Chinese are the true protectionists, for they build a wall around their ter story and exclude foreigners. Look now at the political and social aspects of protection. A POLICY OF INEQUALITY, It is essentially a policy of inequality. It creates vested interests, whose existence is dependent upon Acts of Parliament, and which tend inevitably to become monopolies. The selection of this industry or that for special legislative favour places power in the hands of Parliament; which must always be exercised more or less blindly, and is often exercised corrantly. No man is master of the intricacies of every trade s and the most honest legislator may be misled by the interested statements of commercial experts. How infinitely hard, then, to detect corruption, or ensure wisdom, when ignorance attempts to legislate according to the dictates of self-interest The settlement of a tariff has been described by an American eye- witness as " a game of grab." Each interest takes what it can, and by combination with others secures the utmost. The ten men support the farmers, if the farmers will vote for a duty upon steel rails and the woollen manufacturers form a close alliance with the copper trust, in order to prevent the pastoralists from setting too much for their wool. Politics are thus degraded into an unseemly scramble for money aids; and the virtue of a legislator must be sorely tempted if, when he sees others plundering all round him, he keeps his own hands pure from bribes. DESTIHJOTIVB OF SEI.Î^HET.IASOB. The effect outside of Parliament is equally pernicious. The virtues of enterprise and self reliance are destroyed when men are scared by competition as by a ghost At the first sign of successful rivalry they ran whining to Parliament for help, instead of trusting to the old-fashioned virtues of enterprise and self-reliance. A system is thus initiated which, if it were continued long enough, could only end in the destruction of national Ufa The vigour of a people is sapped when they become accustomed to apply to Government in every difficulty. Private energy puts forth no power when it is without assurance that it will be allowed to reap success, and when a vote of the Assembly may at any moment bring its enterprise to an untimely end. And not only does protection taint the purity of public life with the poison of corruption, not only does it widen the breaches between class and cWs by introducing systematic spoliation, but it undermines the public honesty, by creating artificial offences in tariff laws against which self-interest and the sense of justice equal by rebel. There is no surer means of accus- coming citizens to disobey the laws than by award- ing heavy punishments for acts (such as smuggling) which are not morally wrong. CONCLUSION. It is no wonder, then, that, in every civilised Country, those who try to find the best expression of a nation's moral life in its political system, and who recognise that Sense of duty is the safeguard of society and not aelr'-intereit-nil, in fact, who are men of ideas, with hardly one excep- tion are waging an undying battle with the creature protection. It is no wonder, also, if at times the language of the disputants grows heated, " Protectionists," says Professor Sumner-and his words will find an echo in the heart of everyone who has lived in a protected country, and has seen the desperate shifts to which protectionists resort, or read the nonsense and the falsehoods of their journalistic champions is such an arrant I See a most admirable article in Relfard'a Maqa cine, entitled " Have We Abolished Slavery?" The writer, who speaks from personal experience, dwells with great power upon the apparent helplessness of the ' anti-slavery struggle even in its latest days. Free-traders have never had no great a task to overthrow protection as the abolitionists had to overthrow slavery. pJaer'of'eiorioHüs quackery, and Ittnasqueradeg" under , such an annotation of learning and philosophy, that, it ought to be treated as other quackeries are treated with scorn, contempt, satire, and ridicule." If this method has not been ado of ted in the present series of articles, | it has been out of deference to the feelings of j others, and with a real desire to see the matter as they see it, and not from any I belief that protectionist arguments can bear even the sound of plausibility to men who study the course of trade and the growth of industrial life. Students of economics are virtually unanimous in condemning the policy. But voters are not students, and often lack the means of information. Such persons, it they will reflect upon the matter, need no study to become freetraders, Protectionist is an outrage on the moral sense. " It is a subtle, cruel, and unjust invasion of one man's rights by another. It is done by force of law. It is at the same time a social abuse, an economic blunder, and a political evil." The system saps self- reliance, because it leads men to depend upon the laws of Parliament when they should be study- ing the laws of nature; it is repugnant to justice, because it introduces artificial inequalities ; it is de- structive of political purity, because it turns the power of law-making into an engine for enriching individuals. No possible advantage which protection can give can compensate for these tremendous evils. The true policy, therefore, is to trust in freedom, even when the path seems lost The confusion and obscurities of industrial life cannot be relieved by efforts to turn back the hands upon the clock of time 