'OLIVER.' ' DIOGENES,' AND LITERARY SOCimSS. To the Editor.— Sir.— The 'ghosts' have perused the intended replies to their criticisms with an exira groan for M.GL.S'a 'presumption,' I now take the 'jWirip' in hand. The ghost of Douglas Jerrold trusts that bis teaching will live as long as the Parliament, and with Thackeray claim the 19th century for an existing period. M.G.L.S. had better read up in ' literary' matters. The ghost of Jerrold, one of the ' peraonases' whom M.G.L.S. thinks him* self qualified to judge, is .' presumptuous' enough to reiterate a few phrophetic pass ages written by him when 'in the flesh,' which is headed ' The tongue of Parlia ment.' and runs as follows : — ' In the appalling nine and twenty columns of Wednesday's Times, it is surprising and dis heartening to those who value the precious staff of life to discover how very little there is remunerative to the indefatigable and constant reader. Column rolls after column, aud how few the grains of gold carried along by the turbid etream. How very leafy the trees of parliamentary knowledge, and how - few the pippins upon the boughs. What heaped up bundles of hay, with only here and there a proverbial needle to reward the desperate searcher. We have somewhere read of a bird of the parrot tribe whose tongue is longer than its!whole body — those birds, wfl doubt not, compose the ' Parlia ment of Parrots.' Surely, Sir, the 'advanced 19th century' with its G.L.S. and mimic Parliament, must have caused the spirit of Jerrold to hover about, with these prophetic words of the 'darker age.' The 'ghostly visions' of these 'ghosts of intellect' have Bumcieni aenceness to discern a aanger nowa days of ymng men mistaking their vocation, aided and abetted as they are by tbe flatter ing and bombastic criticism of their senior fellow members. They have lately witnessed the gross effects of such 'criticism in the manner of one aspirant. *' Pre3umptioa' and self-souceit are not always willing to be aided by ' example,' therefore precept will perchance have a better effect. ' M.G.L.S. may unfortunately hold the ' future exalted position' of M.P.. and like a well-read m&a; will, perhaps, iu some heated debate quote oue of Jerrold's flashing remarks, some of them being very apt on politicals. He will please note that Jerrold lived, labored and taught in the 19th century, and his catting sarcasm and wit was always levelled against the errors and abuses of the day. Charles Kemble said that in oue of Jerrold'd plnys there was wit sufficient for three come-lies by any other writer. In finally thanking ' Whip' for his conrleous invitation, aad expressing a hopa that some good may ensue in the future, I am sorry I cannot %vail my self of it, a3 there is too Jmiich ' flish' aal blood and not sufficient ' spiritual' element in the Society to suit the more subdued tastes of Oliver. ? ».. To the Editor. — Sir,— 'Member Grwler Literary Society' can rest assured that my criticism was intended from a desire to advantage, not otherwise. I have been pleased to hear from several sources tViO3o intentions have already borne fruit. May it fully ripen 2 It is wise to suppress over weening conceit and ambition on some occasions, though such self-iaudatory re marks published in your report of tbe 'anni- versary' as having fallen from the lips of the ' Speaker' of the mimic parliament will not have a salutary effect on precocious parlia mentary aspirants. I trust iny mode of criticism will vie with his for good at all events. Political knowledge may be the more conducive to an aspirant who covets the trumpeted sound of his name combined with . the shadowy form of £200 a year, but it will not produce that rapturous contented peace of miad, How ot thought aad ideas, when absent from .^the 'busy crowd' that a sound knowledge of 'literature' will create. Surely it is possible for every young man, now-a-days, to gain sufficient knowledge of the main political questions of the day and his country, without deluding himself into the belief that he is a born orator, or an embryo M.P. The genuine aspirant for literary knowledge can never bend to the allurements aad tricks of a political life without losing a certain amount of ca3te in bis ' mini's eye,'1 especially if he observes the tactic3 indulged in. He has a soul above such things, and therein lies the ' superiority' of his taste. Of course I am taking our colonial parliament as the model. Admitting that 'self' is always more or less prominent, it is there the chief corner stone, as late events have proven. Iu positively concluding I am pleased to see that 'M.G.L.S.' agrees with my remarks re garding the term 'literary' as being mis applied, therefore I say make the objects tally aud worthy of the name. Trusting also that these ' attacks' will cure and not kill, I am, Sir, fee, Diogehes. ? « ? 