SOCIAL NOTFS "-'•••' Bx VliTOI!. .•:. :• ' • ••' " '.. '.' In Ins essay on " The Lower Education of .Women,-': Kingsley waxes enthusiastic con- : •ing the Wlute-armed Nauacaa." •Nausicaa. could neither read nor write, but ghe. was wholly, perfectly <siiltured; "as to "body andnimd. 'Idiea. piasrang from the maiden iof :. heroic Grecian days to London's girl of the .. e' period, the writ er moralises ' sadly, of; " poor little thing,' to whom the ages - have , brought but the powgr io ape the petty arts by t.which 1 ' the " worn-out parisienne *' hides her psrsohal defects. "Worn-oat , Parisienne" 5 ' is distinctly.' insular, but -the worthy Canon, .strong to feel and bold to speak,'.did lack sweet reasonableness; Henee it happens, if George-Augustas Sala may, he •trusted,' that -the English schoolboy, weary • Scott,' . indrflerent to dames and. Hanyat,. ; ; pronounces ;, Eingsley . • ." real • Jam." .: It is,. well. tihat-Eton .and Harrow • should so think, : that'the importance of the lower, icl esl, the-physical education of men , and women^slionld-be appreciated in the play-gronnd as m the lecture room; - But how combine the lower and the higher ."; .the bookworm : of-to-.day iis apt to be a "forepined; ghost "as was his predecessor m past . In a oertan Victoiiantowji theproblemhas : l.iien solved. Ph}-sical and mental, culture 1 have Ibeen delightfully blended, and muscular .: Christianity • of the most pronounced, sort., exists'an vepy stnking form:- . In this happy • town is a-hterary :sociely, which at a recent ', meeting discussed the relation of the church, to the State.: It is an old controversy, and . •' one of which" the last word .will not'be yet .-awhile, and doubtless young Victoria uttered . many "wise and witty -things concerning estab-. . Ushment, endowment, episcopal or concurrent, and the like. - But the discussion at an end,, members donned the.- glove, and a spirited "boxing- matcli followed the Tvordy warfare. The friend who sent me an account of the g , Homeric strife says the newspaper paraih setting forth how, after an animated ite: Messrs.- Smith and Brown set to with the gloves, Smith punishing' his opponent severely during the opening rounds, and so on, mystified-him completely. He fancied the compositor -had blundered—that two •paragraphs liad- merged .into one.' On inquiry he discovered that there had been , no . mistake, and found- that the gentleman who enlightened the members of the ^ Literary Society on''The:weapons of our ancestors," or who discussed the problem '' Is civilisation, a ; failure?" not: infrequently sought his lodgings with' blackened: eyea and with & general aching 9f the bones which- testified to the vigour of his fellows. Might not .our -politicians accept a hint foom. this rmal -society ?-. After » subject has been thoroughly ventilated, member after member speaks,. simply and solely to remind his constituents that :he lives.- That .end might be attarned by a little judicious business with the - gloves. --.Or suppose a number , ofiturfites fall out -as to the " stuffing'" of a horse, would it• not be wiser to .spar judiciously thanto-fee 'half, a-dozen lawyers of standing ? We laugh at the imbecility of trial by battle, hut is there any more ab-- surdity In a system which gives the victory to the. stronger of two . rivals than in .one which.:gives it to the richer, if the richer chooses to fight to a, finish? Men have not ceased to prove their doctrines orthodox by . apostolic . blows and .knocks, -and wont cease - till - their .-doings - have lost all •interest :• -for - us. Wo -like .to , prate about, the power of. ideas; ...but as one canfind the ideas which: are reforming sociejty . to-day' in the literature. of 2,000 years ago, one -is constrained to think that 1 physical might, the skilled archer, the heavier battalions have had -something to do. with the shaping of events. Our Australian history boasts no war. Perhaps literary societies, which do not ignore pugilism, may remind us that our guesses at . truth are profounder than ithose of our neighbours, provided wo can thrash those benighted folk. There are several gentlemen in. the Assembly who talk like poor .Poll;" their ability to wnte lilce atgds, save when signing cheques, I very much doubt... They lave amused" themselves for a week or two "by demonstrating that - our railways are the very worst that .have; .been, that are, or that-will be.' There is-.one very ' senouB objection to these tirades: If -the charges they embody -are ; repeated .often enough people will begin to believe them. If they are.believed, the State lines will - .be sold or'leased, and then farewell, a long farewell, to low fares and reasonable- facilities- The tram cars, with their insistence on 'the threepenny fare from the man -or woman who is ndingbut half a mile, -shouldbe warnmgsufBcient. If the Governmenthad controlled the trams, we ..should have travelled at reasonable rates.;• :• In • his.," Problems of Greater Britain," Sir Charles Dilke refers to our suburban'railway, system,--- ands,after dwelling on its many (advantages, says .-—, " The lowness of railway, fares is .the more striking when we remember, that wages are twice : as high .for .. shorter , nours . as • they are -m England, , «nd- that : coal costs'nearly twice'as- much.:' So-.far as -iny memory serveB me, everything I buy.jn Victoria costs: me a- handsome percentage more than it did in England, with two excep - tions, One, - of : course, is food; ithe other every service .-purchased from the State. In spite of our comparatively small population, I traveli cheaply -here as: on the London, undergroundot- suburbau, butif I.am dependent on pnvate enterprise. and want to go a mile by-bus or tram. .1 pay from three to six times- tlie British fare. • Tlie Stato. will . seridmy letters ortelegramsat English piicesr •but my stationer charges- me at.least -25 per, centi -more for paper and .-envelopes. • The commissioners have'earned clothes for- me [to t'he'Mnrray at something like tlie rate, with , Which! was familiar. The tailors bill ,was. at least 20 per cenfcimore.than it would have been-in the old world.- Tins is not lay .way jof complaint—give' labour its .due—but mitace of the factB to rhapsodise concerning : private • enterprise, .and to condemn,the ,State is long-. eaied to a degree Facts are a'ways. more. effecfare -than, as-... sertions,:: •Eere':3ia-fact.';-,..A fnend- ot mine . away -towards-.-the .jmalleeafound that; "when , making his purchasesmithe.towiiship, seventeen miles from-which,he lived; he -had forgotten. to. buy matohes,': .-He ..wrote, for two - dozen boxes, which wore duly forwarded by-stage .;coac5i. For -tlie .parcelshe had. to pay two Bb;ll,up:R. • • That is, Brvant and 'May-had made .the vestas, a ship had carried, them': 16;Q00,miles::.-the aVictonan railways : hiid.oarried : .themxcloBe:on.300 more. andithe dealer on-the . to.wnshjp . .could .sell them St ta Shilling.'Private .lenterprisetcarned-jtheni •,. seventeen .milps, • -5id-not • dehver them, abut; merely'depoBited: sthem. at the: post-ofilce;; •and -store; :.:«nd charged for its into-.. rest in the matter .jusfe as- -much.- as - went; to; .n^ufaoturers,. middlemen,-to land.. Tats an<3 6ea: rats;- ..It is a tafiej of coarae, •but a -toile -tlje full SignincaJice of wluch:a nihn'fonliwti if he lives, for awhilem a .pait of tho bush wliere he is dependent on private ; enterpribC ' A- iBeriin":' telegrain .to Dalzielsaye -In medieaLbircles, m.ihis. . _ iitv- at is•ihoughxi&iil.;: ipos- f anti: discovery xmade -an tlie - .^profession .since:; Professor JCoch ciis- • lithe'-bai^Us 'ofi'consiimptionhasnow.s * 10 light "•. •Pxd'ii ai -oiesS0r:...3?raeukel, • .one.of.: h'a assistants, , "lax and-t Professor :-..sBneget; - e isolated and -fOundjjthe.: foui ^ -long- searehBd.--,,: ^ cause oi diphtheria Toxalbamen j;b £ >.. 'the new " germ," and it : ow wh>te, granular bogy, •••; When injected into an 'aSimal-B -Tsore Siroat {on 'iiie w^ite mfimbrpne . l&eeable; m each oiiees, ^or mBtance) a high fever Booa'aerelopes ^d .death ensues The .'distrnginsbe'd jirdfessors referred to.claimthat • .atcasjiich ^n experiment libe emot symptoms "-'ena can be aeadily noted Xoxaltoibetfeiexerelaonofab ear£h.„.' ^J'i ^ a", m . 