NEW WESLEY AN CHURCH IN ALBANY. LAY INC OF THK FOUNDATION STONES. THE REV. .1. Y. SIMPSON ON WESLEYAN METHODISM. THE ceremony of laying the foundation stones of the new Wesleyan Church in Duke Street, Albany, was performed on Wednesday afternoon. Particulars of the new Church and a history of Wesleyan Methodism appeared in our last issue in the form of copies of the documents drawn tip by the Rev. T. A. .lames l\u placing within the centre stone of tin? new Church. The proceedings were of the most successful character. There was a large attendance of the public and members of the M.U.I.O.O.F. and of the Loyal Orange Lodge attended in their regalia. Immediately in front of the platform on which the eeiemohy was performed, the children were placed and behind were scats for ladies of whom a large number attended. It had been arranged that three stones should be laid :—One at. the western corner by Mrs. Uglow : one at the eastern corner by Mr. John Robinson ; and one in the centre by the lie v. .1. Y. Simpson on behalf of the children and of the people of Albany. The programme opened with hymn and prayer and reading of the scriptures'. The Rev. T. A. .1 AMKS delivered a short, address. Three strong reasons, he said, had prevailed with him and urged him to go on with the work of promoting the building of a new church, anil to push it on as fast and as far as possible. The first reason was lhat he had faith in Cod ; he believed in Cod's promise that the glory of the Lord should cover the earth, and they were contributing to the fulfilment of the Word. His second reason was that he had faith in Albany. A place with so many tunil advantages must have a great future. His third reason was that he had faith in the people of Albany. It had been his good fortune to appeal to the people of Albany, and whenever he had done so he had met with a ready response. These were the three reasons which had induced him to proceed with the work, and he believed that he would not be disappointed with regard to any of them. He would now call upon Mr. U. T. Robinson, the honorary secretary to the Building Committee, to read the documents to be placed within the centre stone. MK. UOKINSON then read the documents which appeared in our issue of Wednesday, lit- exhibited the bottle in which the locuments and local papers were to be placed, mid then put it within the aperture of the centre stone. I'lie Rev. T. A. JAMKS said that owing to the shipping difficulty, marble slabs which were to be placed before the . foundation stones had not arrived. The slat) in front of the centre stone would bear the following inscription : "This stone was dedicated by tho children and people of Albany and laid to the glory of God on October 29, 1890." Several of the Sunday School children were now called forward to lay their hands on the centre stone, and after they had done so, the Kev, .J. Y. Simpson performed the •eremony of laying the stone. Ife then said, In the name of the children and people of Albany. I declare this stone to be well and truly laid, in the name of the leather, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.'' Addressing the people, he said that he could desire no greater honor than to be associated with the people and the children of Albany in the laying of the foundation stone of the handsome church they were erecting the glory of God. It was an exceedingly happy thought that the children should be associated in this movement. There were three generations on that platform. The Romans of old used to make the old people go first, the middle aged next and the lads followed after. The old men said, " "We have been;" the men in the prime of life said " We are," and the young lads as they followed in the procession said, We mean to be." The old generation of Methodists in Albany were very properly represented in the ceremonies of that day by that venerable and Godly woman,'Mrs. Uglow, who would lay the foundation of one of the corner stones. She had been in a sense the mother of the church in that town by her many prayers and labors on behalf of the cause of (iod among Methodists. She represented the generation that had been. Then they had in the person of their esteemed citizen— associated with them so worthily and earnestly in Church work—Mr. Robinson— the representative of the man of to-day. And they all felt that Mr. Robinson was a very worthy representative indeed, not only of Methodism but of Albany. And then they had these dear girls representing the generation that was to He trusted that (iod would spare those <_.Jrfs to see the jubilee year of the Church lifty years hence, lie ventured to say that the" surroundings of Albany would be very 1 liferent in the time that was coming to what they were that day. The Rev. Mr. James had" well said that he had faith in God and faith in Albany, in its future prosperity, and faith in the people, and by ready jo-operation and hearty effort and goodwill the future of the Church and its prosperity would be securcd. \ collection was now taken on the stone as the children and members of the Societies marched past. The Rev. Mr. JAMES said that Mr. George Shent on had apologised for his inability to be present, but sent a cheque for £25. The collection at the stone realized £122. Mr. W. H. ANGOVK next presented a silver trowel to Mr. John Uobinson with which to lay the eastern corner stone. It bore the inscription, " Presented to John llobinson Esq. on laying a corner stone of the new Wesleyan Church, Albany, October 29,181)0." Mr. Angove addressing Mr. Robinson said that the trowel was presented by the Committee as a token of the esteem in which lie was held by the Congregation and by the Committee of the Church. They made the presentation because they knew of the great interest Mr. Robinson had taken in all matters connected with the welfare of the Church. Mr. ROBINSON" after using the trowel declared the stone well and truly laid. Mr. W. H. ANOOVK next presented a silver trowel to Mrs. Uglow with a similar inscription. He said it was with great pleasure that he presented the trowel to their old and esteemed friend Mrs. Uglow. and he trusted that she would be spared for many years to worship and meet in the new church. Mrs. Uglow then performed the ceremony of laying the corner stone. The Rev. J. Y. SIMPSON then delivered an dress. Tie said : The past week has been a time of considerable interest and importance to us as colonists. Y'ou had the honor of receiving His Excellency the Governor the jther day with .loyal demonstrations ; and you had the honor of participating, as we all did, injjthe Proclamation. And we are rejoicing in the hope of the benefits that are to come to us from the new Constitution when it is in full operation. To-day we have the joy of taking part in the foundation stone laying of a new house of prayer in this town of Albany; and I am sure our hearts have all een touched as we have seen that ged and venerable woman, -Mrs. Uglow, with feeble step, yet with faith in God, and with a ready hand laying one of the corner stones of this building. Methodism has owed very much right from its conception to the present day to godly women. The mother of John and Charles Wesley was one of the most remarkable women of her day, and their character for good was very powerfully impiessed by their mother's example and teaching. The true origin of the great work that we have met to advocate today found its inception in the old rectory house atKpworth. Samuel Wesley, the father of John and Charles Wesley, when he lay dying said to his two sons, " You will certainly see the work of God revive in this land.' It; was a prophetic utterance. It has been marvellously fulfilled, for to-day there are between twenty and thirty millions of Methodists bearing the name once used in reproach. If John and Charles Wesley could see the number of people who bear the name of Methodists, they would be constrained to say in the lines of one of the hymns, " Who r ask in utiiHZo Huth bi'tfottt'ii m«) these." We, as Methodists, have a three-fold heritage to rejoice in and to cherish. We have our doctrines, our glorious hymuology, and our spleudid lay agency that does so much to strengthen and build up and establish on a sure foundation the Methodist Church the world over. We, as a people, believe in prayer—not in a book of prayer so much as in prayer that rises from earnest hearts and is the utterance of devout souls to (iod. We feel cur dependence in all our work for success in the goodness and help of the Holy Spirit, and in tho language of tho Apostles' Creed, we can devoutly say " t believe in the Holy Ghost." 'through all our history, in common with the Evangelical bodies of Protestant Christendom, we have held those truths which relate to God—to his moral government—to immortality—to eternal retribution—to the sacred authority of the script ures—to the sacraments and to the christian ministry. We have with them preached the universality of the fall; the necessity, uni- versality and fulness of the atonement—the freeness of the will and the freeness of the Grace of God to all men. None of these have been omitted, and yet they do not constitute the peculiar characteristics of Methodist doctrine. The burden of Methodist teaching, so far as I understand it, lies in the assurance of salvation in order to joy and peace in believing. We believe and preach, as most Christian churches do believe and preach, the assurance of salvation, and in the language of one of our hymns we arc thankful to he able to say " What we have felt and seen with confidence we tell and publish to the sons of men the signs infallible." To make this teaching definite—to demonstrate by living examples—to raise up a godly seed which by God's grace should perpetuate itself in all the earth, is an essential part of the mission of Methodism. The central germ of all Methodism—its inner core as it were—its secret spring of action— its very essence and life is spiritual rather than external. The essence of our system is not its services—its class meetings—its love feasts nor the peculiarities and uniqueness of its organisation. All these would be but the body without the spirit unless there were conversion, and that was the work of its ministry in Wesley's day, and I thank God that that is the work of its ministry to-day. The first distinguishing feature of the Methodist history and experience was the same as it is to-day—a happy redemption known, exulted in, shouted over and enjoyed. The central idea of Methodism was to save souls. Wesley's words to his preachers were, " Your one business is to save souls : you are to go not only to those who need you, but to those who need you most ;" and 1 am thankful to God, as the representative of the Methodist Church in this colony, to be able to say that that is the spirit that actuates the preachers of Methodism to-day, be they tiavelling ministers or be they local preachers. We still feel it is our business to save souls and I hope the desire to see men and women, soundly converted to God will never die out of our Methodist Churches or fail to be declared from the lips of our Methodist ministry. But not only conversion but elevation of christian life is one of the great characteristics of Methodism. John Wesley said that the mission of Methodism was to spread scriptural holiness throughout the land. He preached and he urged his people to that holiness of heart, without which no man shall see the Lord. And hold as a Church that it is gloriously possible in this life for a man to live a life entirely sanctified to God. The outcome of such a life will be Christian action, for that is real Christian perfection, and hence the evangelism which characterises the services of Methodism is a striking feature the world over. At a meeting recently held in Edinburgh the other day at which my cousin, Professor Alexander Simpson of that University presided anil which was addressed by the Rev. Guy Pearce and the Rev. Hugh Price Hughes, two of our most eminent ministers in Methodism, my cousin said that Presbyterianism (he is a Presbyterian and I am sure my friend and brother Mr. Williams will thoroughly understand the expression for it comes from Presbyterian lips)—that Presbyterianism shows a little bit of the white'of the cuff on the shirt sleeve but that Methodism takes the coat off and turns the sleeve up and goes to work with both hands heartily. (Applause). One of the greatest of Presbyterian divines, Dr. Chalmers, described Methodism as Christianity in earnest. We are grateful to God if christain men of other communions recognise the earnest manner in which we are seeking to do the Lord's work here among men. We believe in the Methodist Church in the necessity of fellowship. We believe that Churchi membership is not perfected by sacramental ordinances only, but we believe that there must be the mutual ministry of edification, and that in our fellowship meetings we receive the mutual strength and edification that christian believers can give one to the other. Perhaps someone may say to-day, "Are Methodists of this generation content with Wesley's articles of religion as laid down in the first 53 sermons that he wrote and in his notes on the New Testament?" The answer we have to give in these times of unrest and disquiet in theological matters is. that as a body the twenty or thirty millions of Methodists on the face of God's earth today are satisfied with Wesley's definition of religion as expounded in those sermons and in his notes on the New Testament. We have in the last hundred years at least of our history raised up some original and philosophic thinkers who have written largely on doctrine. We have the Institues of Richard Watson that are still read by the students of our Church and devoutly studied. We have Dr. Pope's Compendium of Christian Theology, which is one of the most valuable contributions to the theological teachings of the present, and we have Beet's Commentaries, that are accepted by all sections of the Christian Church with very great thankfulness. And then in America we have Dr. Whedon's valuable exposition and Dr. Bledson's Theodicy. And in the theological writings of these great thinkers there is not a single discordant note to be found. In the niass°of their writings they are loyal in their definition to the exposition of religion as laid down in Wesley's Sermons and notes on the Testament. The bishops of the Methodist Episcopal Church said recently that the emphasis which the Ecumenical Conference of 1881 gives to the Wesleyan doctrine will be decisive for a century to come, .Slowly gathered upon many fields—the weight of its testimony is well nigh that of a revelation. There was entire freedom in the historical state ment and discussion with which the body was occupied, and each form of Methodism gave its own expression to the common doctrine and experience. As the result, it is seen that all hold in substantial unity the faith handed down to us, and that the effect of this faith is the same in Evangelistic, missionary, educational and charitable work under every polity that the twenty er thirty mil .ions of Methodists on this earth though divided under different names, still are one in doctrine, one in heart, and one in mind. As to the future of Methodism, ladies ..nd gentlemen, we believe in all Christian Charity that she has a future—that her work is not done—that her mission has not been fully accomplished. Indeed, it is essentially the same now as it has ever been—the conversion of the unconverted—the spread of holiness among Christian people and the building up and the edification of believers. Evangelistic enterprise—social reforms among the people T and especially a rigorous insistence on the spiritual character of religion—these form her work to-day as much as in the days that are past and as long as the need of such work remains, we feel that her mission is not ended. We live in the kindliest of relationships to all branches of theProtestant Church, to all the sections of the great Church of Jesus. We desire to be, as Wesley defined it, -The friends of all and the enemies of none," an I we are thankful to-day that we have on this platform with us the representative in the person of the Rev. Mr. Williams, of one of the oldest and grandest Christian Churches that the world knows to-day, the Presbyterian body. In a sense, we Methodists are Presbyterian. If not in doctrinal teaching, we are to a very great extent in church government. I would earnestly exhort the young people, the boys and girls who are witnessing this ceremony to-day to be true sons of worthy sj re3 —to maintain the same spirit which characterised the founder of our Church and his helpers—that characterised venerable Mrs. Uglow and the handful of Methodists who stood" by her in laying the foundations of the Church in this glace—that characterises men like Mr. Robinson, and your esteemed minister, and the band of trustees who are associated with these gentlemen in this good work. And if we maintain that true spirit of Christian and liberal sentiment, of personal purcness of life and character, of zeal for the extension of God's work in this great West Australian land—if we go into the future true to the precepts of the past, we shall have a future that is worthy of our church and its great history and we shall do something, we trust, to raise the foundations of truth and righteousness and sobriety and pureness of living in this great country. I would conclude my remarks by asking you as you haveigiven three cheers for a good woman who deserves the honor you have conferred upon her, now to give three cheers for a woman—christian in her life, glorious in her character—one whom we all venerate and respect—the good Queen that God has placed over us, and long may she reign happy and glorious over her united realm. (Cheers). The proceedings terminated with the singing of the doxology and the giving of the benediction. 