. A SET..0F. CHESSMEN, I. - \- "But, Mpusieuf, perceive how magnificent they are ! There is not in Finistere, there is not in Brittanv, nay, it is certain there is not in . France so superb a set of chessmen. And ivory ! And the carving — observe, for example, the vaiietv of detaiL . They certainly were a curious set of chessmen, magnificent in a way, but curious first of all. As JL Bobineau remarked, holding a rook in_ one hand and a knight in tfie other, the care paid to details by tlie carver really was surprising. But two hundred and fifty francs! For a set of chessmen ! . "So, so, my friend. I am willing to admit that the work is good — in'a kind of a way. But two hundred and fifty francs ! If it were fifty , now?" " Fifty!' Up went M. Bobiueau's shoulders, aud down went M Bobineau's head between them, in the fashion of those toys which are pulled by a string. " Ah, mon Dieu ! Monsieur laughs at me !" And there came another voluble declaration of their merits. They certainly were a curious set. I really think thoy were the most curious set I ever saw. I would have preferred them, .. for instance, to anything they have at Soutli . Kensington, and they have some remarkable ... examples there. And, of course, the price was . small. But when one has only five thousand francs a year for everything, two hundred and fifty being taken away — and for a set of chess men — does leave a vacancy behind. I asked Bobineau where he got them. Busi ness was slack that sunny afternoon — it seemed to me that I was the only customer he ever had, but that must have been a delusion on my part. Beportsaid he was a warm man, one of Morlaix's warmest men, and his queer old shop in the queer old Grande Hue — Grande Hue! what a . name for un alley! — contained many things which were valuable as well as queer. But there at least was no other customer in sight just then, so Bobinoau told me all the tale. It seemed there had been a M. Funichon— Auguste Funichon — no, not a Breton, a Parisian, a true Parisian, who had come and settled down in the commune of Plouigneau, \- over by the gare. This M. Funichon was, for example, a little — well, a little— a . little ex- " al ted, let us say. It is true that the. country people said he was stark- mad, but Bobineau, for his part, said no, no, 110 ! It is not neces sary because one is eccentric that one is mad. Here Bobineau looked at me out of the corner of his eye. Are not the -English, of all people, . the most eccentric, and yet is it not known to all the world that they are not, necessarily, stark mad? This M. Funichon was not rich, quite the contrary. It was a little place he lived in — the merest cottage, iu fact. And in it he lived alone, and. according to report, there was only one thing he did all day and. all night long, and that was, play chess. It appears that he was that rarest and most amiable of imbeciles, a chess maniac. Is there such a word ? "What a life !" said M. Bobineau. " Figure . it to yourself ! To do notliing — nothing ! — but play chess! They say" — M. Bobineau looked round him with an air of mystery — " they say he starved himself to death. He was so besotted by his miserable chess that he forgot — abso- : lately forgot, thi6 imbecile — to eat." That was what M. Bobineau said tbey said. It required a vigorous effort of the imagination to quite take it in. To what a state of forget- fulness must a man arrive before he forgets to eat ! But whether M. Funichon forgot to eat, or whether he didn't, at least he died, and being \- dead they sold his goods — why they sold them was not quite clear — but at toe sale M. Bobi- . noau was toe chief purchaser. One of the chief lots was toe sot of ivory chessmen whicfi had caught my eyes. They were the dead man's favourite set, and no wonder ! Bobineau was of opinion that if he had had liis way he would have had them buried with him in his grave. . " It is said," he whispered, again with toe glance of mystery around, "that they found him dead, seatod at the table, the chessmen on the board, his hand on toe white rook, whicfi was giving mate to too adversary's king." Either what a vivid imaginationhad Bobineau, or what odd things toe people said! /One pictures toe old man, seated all alone, with his last breath finishing his game. Well, I bought toe set of ivory chessmen. At this time of day I freely admit that they were cheap at 250f. — dirt cheap, indeed ; but a hun- \- dred was all 1 paid. I knew Bobineau so well — I dare 6ay he bought them for twenty-five. As I bore them triumphantly away my mind was occupied by thoughts of their original possessor. I was filled by quite a sentimental tenderness as I meditated on toe part they had played, according to Bobineau, in that last soene. But St. Servan drove all those thoughts away. Philippe Henri de St. Servan was rather a difficult person to get on with. It was with him I shared at that time my apartment on to eplaec. "Let us see!" I remarked when I got in; " what havo I here ?" He was seated, his country pipe in his mouth, at the open window, looking down upon the river. The Havre boat was making ready to start — at Morlaix the -nautical event of toe week. There was quite a hustle on tho quay. St. Servan just looked round, and then looked hack again. I sat down and untied my purchase. " I think there have been criticisms; — dero gatory criticisms — passed by a certain person upon a certain set of chessmen. Perhaps that person will explain what he has to say to these." St. Servan marched up to the table. He Iggked at them through his half-closed eve- lids. " Tovs !" was all he said. " Perhaps !- Yet toys which made a tragedy. Have you ever heard of toe name of Funi chon ?" By a slight movement of his grizzly- grey eyebrows he intimated that it was possible he had. " These chessmen belonged to him. He had just finished a game with them when they found him dead — toe winning piece, a white rook, was in his hand. Suggest au epitaph to be placed over his grave. There's a picture for a painter— eh ?" " Bah 1 Eie was a Communist !" That was all St. Servan said. And so saying, St. Servan turned away to look out of the window at the Havre boat again. There was an ena of M. Funichon for him. Not that he meant exactly what he said. He simply meant that JT. Funichon was not Legitimist — out of sympathy wjth the gentlemen who met, and decayed, visibly, before toe naked eye, at the club on the other side of the place. With St. Servan not to be Legitimist meant to be notliing at all — out of liis range of vision absolutely! Seeing that was so, it is strange he should have borne with me as he did. But he was a wonder ful old man. H. We played our first game .with the ivory, chessman when St. Servan returned from the club. I am free to confess that it was an oc casion for me. I had dusted all the pieces and had the hoard all laid when St. Servan entered, and when we drew for choice of moves tlie dominant feeling in my mind was too thought 01 the dead man sitting. all alone, with the white rook in his hand. There was au odour of sanctity about tho affair for me— a whiff, of air in the land of ghosts. Nevertheless, my loins were girded up, and I was prepared to beir myself as a man in the strife. We were curiously well matched, St. Servan and I. WeJiad played 220 games, and, nutting draws aside, each had scored the same number of wins. He had his days, and so had I. At one time I was eleven games ahead, hut since that thrice-blessed hour I had not scored . a single game. He had tracked me steadily, and eventually had made toe scores exactly tie. In these latter days it had grown with him to be an article of faith that as a elicss player I was quite played out— and' there was a time when I had thought the same of him ! He won the move, and tfien, as usual, there came an interval for reflection. The worst thing about St. Servan — regarded from a chess- . playing point of view — was that he took such a time to begin. When a man lias opened his game it is excusable, laudable, indeed — if ho pauses to reflect a reasonable length of time. But I never knew a man who was so fond of re- \- flection before a move was made. Abt a. rule, that absurd habit of his had quite an irritating effect upon my nerves ; but that evening X felt quite cool and prepared to sit him out. There we sat, bothsmoking our great pipes, he. stanng at the board, and fat him. He put out his hand, almost touched a piece, and then, with a start, he drew it back again. An interval — the same pantomine again. Another interval — and a repetition of the pantomine. I- . puffed a cloud of smoke into the air and softly' . sighed. I knew he had bson ten minutes by ray watch. Possibly the sigh had a stimulating affect, for I10 suddenly stretched out liis hand and moved queen's knight's pawn a single . square. I was startled. He was great at. hook openings, that was theabsurdest part of it. He would lead you to suppose that he was medita ting something quite original, and then would perhaos begin with fool's mate after all. He, at least, had never tried queen's knight's pawn a single square before. I considered areply. Pray let it be understood —though I would not have confessed it to St. Servan for the world — that I am no player. I am wedded to the game for an hour or two at night, or peradventure, of an afternoon at times, but I shall never be admitted to its inner mysteries — never ! not if I outspan Methuselah. Iam not built that way. St. Servan and I were two children who loving the sea, dabble their feet iu the shallows left by the tide. _ I havo no doubt that there are a dozen replies to that opening of his, but I did not know one then. I had some hazy idea of developing a game cf my own, while keeping an eye on his, and for that purpose put out my hand to move the queen's pawn two, when 1 felt my wrist grasped by— well, by what felt uncommonly like au invisible hand. I was so startled that I almost dropped my pipe. I drew my hand buck again, and was conscious of the slight detaining pressure of unseen fingers. Of course it was hallucination, but it seemed so real, and Was so unexpected, that — well, ! settled my pipe more firmly between my lips — it had all but fallen from my mouth — and took a whiff or two to calm my nerve3. I glauced up, cautiously, to see if St. Servan noticed my unusual be haviour, but his eyes were fixed stonily upon toe board. Atter a moment's hesitation — it was absurd . — I stretched out my hand again. The hallucination was repeated, and iu very tangible form. I was distinctly conscious of my wrist being wrenched aside and guided to a piece I had never meant to touch, and almost before I was aware of it, instead of the move I had meant to make, I had made a servile copy of St. Servan's oDening— I had moved queen's knight's pawn a single son are! . To adopt tiie language 01 me -.e — icii Swiveller, that was a staggerer. own that for an instant I was staggered. could do nothing else but stare. For at least ten seconds I forgot to smoke. I was conscious that when St. Servan saw my move he knit his brows. Then the usual interval for reflec tion came again. Half unconsciously I watched him. When, as I supposed, he had" decided oti liis move, ho stretched out his hand, as I had done, and also, as I had done, he drew it back agaiu'. I was a little startled — he seemed a little startled, too. There was a momentary pause ; hack went his hand again, and, by way of varying toe monotony, he moved — long's knight's pawn a single square. I wondered, and' held my peace. There mitot bo a gambit based upon these lines, or there might not, hut since I was quite clear that I knew no reply to such an opening, I thought I would try a little experiment, and put out my hand, not with the slightest conception of any particular move iu my head, hut simply to see what happened. Instantly a grasp fastened on my wrist ; my hand was guided to — king's knight's pawn a single square. This was getting, from every point of view, to he distinctly interesting. The chessmen ap peared to be possessed of a property of which Bobineau had been unaware. I caught myself wondering if he would have insisted on a higher price if he hid known of it. Curiosities nowadays- do fetch such fanc3r sums — and what price for a ghost They appeared to be auto matic chessmen — automatic 111 a sense entirely their own. Having made my move, or having had some body else's move made for me, which is per- bans .toe more exact way of putting it, I contemplated my antagonist. When he saw what I had done, or what somebody else had done— toe thingsare equal — St. Servan frowned. He belongs to the bony variety, the people who would not loll in a chair to save their lives — his aspect struck me as being even more poker-like than usual. Ho meditated his reply an un conscionable length of time, the more uncon scionable since I Btrongly doubted if it would be his reply after all. But at last he showed signs of action. He kept his eyes fixed steadily upon toe board, his frown became pronounced, and fie began to raise his hand. I write "began," because it was a process which took some time. Cautiously he brought it up, inch by incfi. But no sooner had he brought it over the board than his behaviour became quite singular. He positively glared, and to my eyes seemed to he having a struggle with his own right band. A struggle in which he was worsted, for ho leaned back in his seat with a curiously discomfited air. He had moved queen's rook's pawn two squares — the automatic principle which im pelled these chessmen seemed to have a par tiality for pawns. It was my turn for reflection. I pressed the tobacco down in my pipe, and thought — or tried to think — it out. Was it an hallucination, and was St. Servan the victim of hallucination too ? Had I moved those pawns spontaneously, actuated by toe impulse of my own free will, or hadn't I ? And what was the meaning of tfio little scene I had just observed? I am a tolerably strong man. It would require no slight exercise of force to compel me to move one piece when I had made up my mind that I would move another piece instead. I have been told, and I believe not altogether untruly told, that the rigidity of my right wrist resembles iron. I have not spent so much time in toe tennis-court and fencing- room for nothing. I had tried one experiment, I thought I would try another. I made up my mind that I would move queen's pawn two — stop me who stop can. I felt that St. Servan in his turn was watching me. Preposterously easy though the feat ap peared to be as I resolved on its performance, I was conscious of an unusual degree of cerebral excitement — a sort of feeling of do or die. But as, in spite of the feeling, I didn't do, it was petoaps as well I didn't die. Intending to keep complete control over my own muscles, I raised my right hand, probably to the full as cautiously as St. Servan had done. I approached the queen's pawn. I was just about to seize the piece when that unseen grasp fastened on my wrist. I paused, with something of the feeling which induces the wrestler to pause before entering on the veritable tug of war. For one thing-IwaB desirous to satisfy myself as to tho nature. of the grasp — what it was that seemed to grasp me. It seemed to be a hand. The fingers went over the hack of my wrist, and the thumb be- nsntii. The Angers, were long and thin—it was altogether a slender hand. But it seemed to be a man's hand, and on old man's hand at that. The skin was tough and wrinkled, clammy and cold. On toe little finger there was a ring, and on tho first joint, ihere appeared to be something of the nature of a wart. I should say that it was anything hut a beautiful hand, it was alto gether too attenuated and claw-like, aud I would have betted that it was yellow witfi age. At first the pressure was slight, almost as slight as the touch of a baby's hand, with a gentle inclination to one side. But as I kept my own bund firm, stiff, resolved upon my own particular move, with, as it were, a sudden snap, the pressure tightened, and not a little to my discomfiture, I felt my wrist held as in on iron, vyce. Then, as it must have seemed to St. Servan, who, I was aware, was still keenly watching me, I began to struggle with my own hand. The spectacle might have been fun to Lira, but the reality was, at that moment, any thing but fun to me. I was dragged to one side. Another hand was fastened upon mine. My fingers were forced open— I had tightly clinched my fist to enable me better to resist— my wrist was forced down, ray fingers were closed upon a piece. I was compelled to 'move it forward, my fingers were un fastened to replace the piece upon toe board. The move completed, toe unseen grasp instantly rehixed, and I was free, or appeared to be free, agaiu to call my hand my own. I had moved queen's rook's pawn two squares. This may seem comical enough to read about, but it was any thing but comical to feel. When the thing was done I stared at St. Servan, and St. Servan stared at me. We stared at each other, 1 suppose, a good long minute, then I broke tlie pause. "Anything toe matter?" I inquired. He put up liis baud aud curled his moustache, and, if Imay say so, he curled his lip as well. " Do you notice anything odd about— about tho game ?" As I spoke about toe game, I motioned my hand toward my brand-new set of chessmen. He looked at me with hard sus picious eyes. " Is it a trick of yours?" he asked. " Is what a trick of mine ?" " If you do not know, then how should I ?" I drew a whiff or two from my pipe, looking at him. keenly all the time, then signed toward the board with my hand. . " It's your move," I said. He merely inclined his head. There was a momentary pause. When he stretched out his hand ho suddenly snatched it hack again, and half started from fiis seat with a stifled execra tion. " Did you feel anything upon your wrist ?" I asked. "Mon Dieu! It is not what I feel— see toot." He was eyeing his wrist as he spoke. He .held it under the glare of the lamp. I bent across and looked at it. For so old a man ho had a phenomenally white and delicate skin — under the glare of the lamp the impressions of finger marks were plainly visible upon his wrist. -I whistled lis I saw them. " Isit a trick of yours ?" he asked again. \- . " It is certainly 110 trick of mine." " Is there any one in the room besides us two ?" I shrugged my shoulders and looked round. He, too, looked round, with something I thought not quite easy in his glance. " Certainly no one of my acquaintance, and certainly no one who is visible to me." With his fair white hand— tfie left, not tlie one which had the finger- marks upon the wrist — St. Servan smoothed his huge moustache." " Some one or something Las compelled me —yes, from the first— to move, not as I would, but — bah ! I know not how." ' ' Exactly the same thing has occurred to me." . .. I laughed. St. Servan "glared. Evidently the humour of the thing did not occur to him, he being the sort of man who would_ require a surgical operation to make him see a joke. But the humorous side of the situation struck me forcibly. " Perhaps we are favoured by the presence of a ghost — perhapB even by toe ghost of. M. Funichon. Perhaps, after all, he has not -yet nlayed his last game with his favourite set. He may havo returned— shall we say from— where ?. — to try j ust one more set-to with us ! If my dear Sir" — I waved my pipe affably ,_ as though addressing an unseen personage— "it is really vou, I beg you will reveal yourself— materialise is, I believe, tho expression now in vogue — and show us toe sort of ghost yon are!" _ Somewhat to my surprise, and considerably to my amusement, St. Servan rose from his seat and stood by toe table, stiff and straight as a scaffold pole. " These. Monsieur, are subjects on which one does not jest." "Do you, then, believe in ghosts ?"_ 1 knew he was a superstitious man — witness his fidelity to the superstition of right divine — but this was toe first inkling I had had of how far his super stition carried him. " Believe ! — In ghosts ! In what, then, do you believe? I, Monsieur, am a religious man." " Do you believe, then, that a ghost is present with us now — toe ghost, for instance, of M. Funehion ?" St. Servan paused. Then he crossed himself — actually crossed himself before my eyes. When he spoke there was a peculiar dryness in his tone. „ " With your permission, Monsieur, I will re tire to bed." There was an exasperating thing to say ! There must be a large number of men in the world who would give — well, a good round sum, to light even on the trail of a ghost. And_ here were we in the actual presence of something — let us say apparently curious, at any rate, and here was St. Servan calmly talking _ about retiring to bed, without making the slightest attempt to examine the thing ! It was enough to make the members of the Psychical Research Society turn in their graves. The mere sug gestion fired my blood. " I do beg, St. Servan, that you at least will finish tho game." I Baw he hesitated, so I drove the nail well home. " Is it possible that you, a brave man, having given proofs of courage on countless fields, can turn tail at what is doubt less an hallucination after all ?" " Is it that Monsieur doubts my courage ?' I knew tfie tone — if I was not careful I should have an affair upon my hands. " Come, St. Servan, sit down and finish the game.'' Another momentary pause. Ho sat down, and — it would not be correct to. write that we finished the game, but we made another effort to go on. My pipe had gone out. I refilled and lighted it. " You know, St. Servan, it is really nonsense to talk about ghosts." " It is a subject on which I never talk." " H something does compel us to make moves which we do not intend, it is something which is capable of a natural explanation." " Perhaps Monsieur will explain it, then ?" ' ' I will ! Before I've finished 1 If you only won't turn tail and go to bed ! I think it very possible, too, that the influence, whatever it is, has gone — it is quite on the cards that our imagination has played us some subtle trick. It is your move, hut before you do anything just tell me what move you mean to make." "I will mo Ye" — he hesitated — "I will move queen's pawn." He put out his hand, and, with what seemed to me hysterical suddenness, he moved king's rook's pawn two squares. " So ! Our friend is still here then ? I sup pose you did not change your mind ?" There was a very peculiar look about St. Servan's eyes. " I did not change my mind." I noticed, too, that his lips were uncom monly compressed. " It is my move now. I will move queen's pawn. We are not done yet. When I put out my hand you grasp my wrist — and we shall see what we shall see." " Shall I come round to you?'' " No, stretch out across the table — now !" I stretched out my hand ; that instant he , stretched out his, but spontaneous though the action seemed to be, another, an unseen hand, had fastened on my wrist. He observed it, too. " There appears to he another hand between yours and mine." " I know there is." Before I had the words well out my hand had been wrenched aside, my fingers unclosed, and then closed, then unclosed again, and I had moved king's rook's pawn two squares. St. Servan and I sat staring at each other. For my part I felt a little bewildered. " This is very curious ! Very curious in deed ! But before we say anything about it we will try another little experiment, if you don't mind. I will oome over to you." I went over to him. " Let me grasp your wrist with both my hands.". I grasped it as firmly as I could, as it lay upon his knee. Now try to move queen's pawn." He began to raise his hand, I holding on to his wrist with all my strength. Hardly had he raised it to the level of the tablo when two un seen hands, grasping mine, tore them away as though my strength were of no account. I saw liim give, a sort of shudder — ho had moved queen'b bishop3's pawn two squares. " This is a devil of a ghost," 1 said, fcst. Servan said nothing ; but he crossed himself not once, but half a dozen times. " There is still one little experiment that I would wish to make. ' ' St. Servan shook his head. - "Not I!" he said " Ah, hut, my friend, this is an experiment which I can make without your aid. I simply want to know if there is nothing tangible about our unseen visitor except his hands. It is my move.'' I returned to my side of the table. I again addressed myself, as it were, to an un seen auditor. " My good ghost, my good M. Funichon — if it is you — 3-0 u are at liberty to do as you desire with my hand." I held it out. it instantly was grasped. Witfi 103- left hand I made several passes in the air up and down, behind and before, in every direc tion, so far as I could. It met with no resistance. There seemed to he nothing tangible but those invisible fingers which grasped my wrist — and I had moved queen's bishop's pawn two squares. St. Servan rose from his seat. " It is enough. Indeed, it is too much. This ribaldry must cease. It had been better had Monsieur permitted me to retire to bed." "Then you are sure it is a ghost — the ghost of M. Funichon, we'll say." " This time Monsieur must permit me to wish him a good night's rest." He bestowed on me, as his manner was, a stiff inclination of the head, wliich would have led a stranger to suppose that we had met each other for tlie first time not ten minutes ago, instead of being the acquaintances of twelve good years. He moved across the room. " St. Servan, one moment before you go ! You are surely not going to leave a man alone at the post of peril." "It is better that Monsieur should come too." " Half a second, and I will. I have only one remark to make, and that is to the ghost." I rose from my seat. St. Servan made a half-movement toward the door, then changed his mind and remained quite still. " If there is any other person with us in the room, may I ask that person to let us hear his voice, or hers ? Just to speak one word." Not a sound. "It is possible — I am acquainted with the laws which govern— eh — ghosts — thatthe faculty of speech is denied to them. If that be so, might I ask for the favour of a sign — for instance, move a piece while my friend and I are standing where we are." Not a sign ; not a chessman moved. "Then, M. Funichon, if indeed it be you, and you are incapable of speech or even of moving a piece of your own accord, and are only able to spoil our game, I beg to inform you that you are au exceedingly ill-mannered and foolish person, aud had far better have staid away." As I said this I was conscious of a current of cold ail- before my face, as though a swiftly- moving hand had shaved my cheek. "By Jove, St. Servan, something has happened at last. 1 believe our friend toe ghost has tried to box my ears !" St. Servan's reply came quietly stern. " I think it were better that Monsieur came with me." For some reason St. Servan's almost con temptuous coldness fired my blood. I became suddenly enraged. " I shall -do nothing of the kind ! Do you think I am going to be fooled by a trumpery conjuring trick whicb would disgrace a shilling seance ? Driven to bed at this time of day by a ghost ! And such a ghost ! If it were some- thinglike a ghost one wouldn't mind; but a fool of a gliost like this !" Even as the words passed my lips I felt toe touch of fingers against my throat. The touch increased my rage. I snatched at them, only to find that there was nothing there. " Damn you !" I cried. " Funichon, you old fool, do you think that you can frighten me? You see those chessmen; they are mine; bought and paid for with my money— you dare to try and prevent me doing with them exactly asl.please." Again the touch against-my throat. " --It made my rage the more. 'rAsI live, I will smash them all to pieces, and grind them to powder beneath my heel." _My passion was ridiculous — childisl. even. But then toe circumstances were exasperating — unusually so, one might plead. I was stand ing three or four feetfrom toe table. I dashed forward. As I did so, a hand was fastened on my throat. Instantly it' was joined by another. Thev "rinned me tishtlv. Thev maddened me. With a madman's fury I still pressed forward. I might as well have fought with fate. They clutched me as with' bands of steel, and flung me to the ground. m. When I recovered consciousness I found St. Servan bending over me. "What is the matter ?'' I inquired, when I found that I was lying on toe floor. v " I think you must have fainted." _ " Fainted 1 I never did such a thing in _my life. It must have been a curious kind of faint, I think." " It was a curious kind of faint." With his assistance I staggered to my feet. I felt bewildered.. I- glanced round. There w ere the chessmen still upciii The board, the hanging lamp above. I tried to speak. I seemed to have lost the use of my tongue. Iii silence he helped me to the door. He half led, half carried me — for I seemed to have lost the use -of my feet as well as that of my tongue — to my bedroom. He even assisted me to undress, never leaving me till I was between toe sheets. All the time not a word was spoken. When he w.entl believe he took the key outside and locked the deor. That was a night ot dreams. I know not if I was awake or sleeping, hut all sorts of Btrange things presented themselves to my mental eye. I could not shut them from my sight. ' One figure was prominent in all I saw — the figure of a man. I knew, or thought I knew, that it was M. Funichon. He was a lean old man, and what I noticed chiefly were his hands. Such ugly hands ! In some fantastical way I seemed to be oontending with them all through the night. And yet in the morning when I woke — for I did wake up, and that from as sweet, re freshing sleep as one might wi6h to have — it was all gone. It was bright day. The sun was shining into the great, ill-furnished room. As I got out : of bed and began to dress, the humorous; side of the thing had returned to me again. The idea of there being anything supernatural about a set of ivory chessmen ap peared to me to be extremely funny. I found St. Servan had gone out. It was actually half-past ten ! His table d'hote at the Hotel de Bretagne was at eleven, and before he breakfasted he always took a. petit verre at. tlie club. If he had locked the door overnight he had not forgotten to unlock it before he started. I went into the ' rambling, barn-like room which served us for a salon. The chess men had disappeared. Probably St. Servan had put them awav — I wondered if the ghost had interfered with him. I laughed to myself as I went out — fancy St. Servan contending with a ghost. The proprietor of the Hfitel de Bretagne is Legitimist, so all toe aristocrats dine there — of course, St. Servan with the'rest, because, pre sumably, the landlord's politics are congenial. As to his cooking it is apparently indif ferent — I never knew a worse tablo in all my life! The landlord of toe Hfitel de l'Europe may he a Communist for all I care — fiis cooking is first-rate, so I go there. I went there that morning. After I had breakfasted I strolled off toward toe Grande -Hue, to M. Bobineau. When he saw me, M. Bobineau was all smirks and smiles — he must havo got those chessmen for less than five-and-twenty francs! I asked him if he had any more of the belongings of M. : Funichon. " But certainly ! Three others Eets of chess) men." I didn't want to look at those, apparently one set was quite enough for me. Was that all fie had ? "But no ! There was an ancient bureau, very magnificent, carved — " I thanked him — nor did I want to look at that. In too Grande Rue at Morlaix old bureaus carved about toe beginning of the fifteenth century — if you listen to the vendors- are as plentiful as cobblestones. \- "But I have all sorts of things of M. Funichon. It was I who bought them nearly' all. Books, papers, and — " M. Bobineau waved liis hands toward a mul titude of books and papers which crowded the shelves at toe side of his shop. I took a volume down. When I opened it I found it was in manuscript. "That work is unique!" exclaimed. Bobi neau. " It was the intention of M. Funichon to give it to tlie world, but he died before his pur- . pose was complete. It is the record of all toe j games of chess he ever played — in fifty volumes. 'Monsieur will perceive it is unique." I should think it was unique! In fifty volumes ! The one I held was a large quarto, bound in leather, containing some six or seven hundred pages, and was filled from cover to cover witfi matter iuafine, clear handwriting, written on both sides of toe page. I pictured the face of tfie publisher to whom it was suggested that he should give to the world such a work as that. I opened the volume at the firstpage. It was, as Bobineau said, apparently the record, witfi comments, of an interminable series of games of ; chess. I glanced at the initial game. Here are! the opening moves, just as they were given there : — white. Queen's Knight's Pawn, one square. King's Knight's Pawn, one square. Queen's Rook's Pawn, two squares. / King's Rook's Pawn, two squares. black. Queen's Knight's Pawn, one square. King's Knight's Pawn, one square. Queen's Rook's Pawn, two squares. King's Rook's Pawn, two squares. They were exactly the moves of the night before. They were such peculiar moves and made under such peculiar circumstances that I was scarcely likely to mistake them. So far as we had gone, St. Servan and I, assisted by the unseen hand, had reproduced M. Funichon's initial game in toe first volume of his fifty — and a very peculiar game it seemed to he. I asked Bobineau what he would take for toe volume which I held. " Monsieur perceives that to part them would spoil the set, which is unique. Monsieur shall have the whole fifty'' — I shuddered. I imagine Bobineau saw I did, he spoke so very quickly — "for a five-franc piece, which is less than the value of the paper and the binding." I knew then tfiat he had probably been paid' for carting tho rubbish away. However, I paid him his five-frauc piece, and inarched off -with the volume under my arm, giving him to under stand, to his evident disappointment, that, at my leisure I would give him instructions as to the other forty-nine. As I went along I thought the matter over. M. Funichon seemed to have been a singular kind of man — he appearejd to have carried his singularity even beyond tho grave. Could it have been the cold-blooded intention of his ghost to make us pboy the whole contents of the fifty volumes through ? What a'neiid of a ghost his ghost must be ! I opened too volume and studied the initial game. The people were right who had said that the man was mad. None but an imbecile would have played 6uch a game — his right hand against his left ! — and none but a raving madman would have recorded his imbecility iu black and white, as though it were a thing to bo proud of ! Cer- tainty none but a criminal lunatic would have endeavoured to foist his puerile travesty of the game and study ot chess upon two innocent men. Still, the thing was curious. I flattered my self that St. Servan would be startled when he saw the contents of toe book I was carrying . home. I resolved that I would "instantly get out the chessmen and begin another game — perhaps the ghost of M. Funi chon would favour us with a further exposition of his' ideas of things. I oven made up my mind that I would communicate with the Psychical Research Society. Not at all improbably they might think the case suffi'- ciently remarkable to.send down a member of their body to inquire iuto the thing upon the spot. I almost began to hug myself on the: possession of a ghost, a ghost, too, which might be induced to perform at will — almost on the principle of "drop a coin into the slot and the figures move!" It was cheap at a hundred francs. What a stir those chessmen still might make ! What vexed problems Jthey might solve! Unless I was mach mistas&i;, the ex penditure of those hundred fraud had' placed me on the royal road to immortality. Filled with such thoughts I reached our rooms. I found that St. Servim had returned. With him, if I may say so, he had brought his friends. Such friends ! Ye Goths ! When I opened the door the first tiling that greeted me was a strong, not to say suffocating, smell of incense. The room was filled with smoke. A fire was blazinr on toe hearth. Before it was St. Servan on his knee3, his hands clasped in front of him, in an attitude of prayer. By him Btooda priest in his robes of office. He held what seemed a pestle aud mortar, whose con tents he was throwing by handfuls into the flames, mutteripg some doggerel to himself the while. Behind were two acolytes, With nice clean faces and nice white stoles, who were swinging censers— hence the odour which filled toe room. I was surprised when I bebdJ all this. They appeared to ho holding some sort of religious service — aud I had not bargained for that sort of thing when I had arranged with St. Servan to 6hare the rooms witfi him. In my surprise I unconsciously in terrupted the proceedings. " St. Servan ! Whatever is the meaning of this?" St. Servan looked up and toe priest looked round — that was all toe attention they paid to me. The acolytes eyed me with what I con ceived to bs a eiin unon their faces. But I wasn't to ho put down like that. "V-I must ask you, St. Servan, for an explana tion." The priest turned toe mortar upside down < and emptied the remainder of its contents into ' the fire. " It is finished," he said. St. Servan rose from his knees and crossed himself. "We have exorcised the demon," he ob served. " You have what ?" I asked. " We have driven out the evil spirits which possessed the chessmen." I gasped. A dreadful thought struck me. " You don't mean to say that you have dared to play tricks with my property ?" " Monsieur," said the priest, " I have ground it into dust." ' He had. That fool of a St. Servan had ac- klc -n a w vmhaa Lin a aaI nafl bUUrUj AWtUUUU lifts /ftUlgftl »i irAi. -fl ' ft » "j j and their censers, and between them they had performed a comminatory service made and provided for the driving out of demons. They had ground my ivory chessmen in the pestle and mortar, and then burned them in the fire. And this in the days of the Psychical Research Society ! And tbey had cost me a hundred francs ! And that idiot of a srliost had never stretched out a hand or said a word. — The Corn- hill Magazine. 