STAGE, SONG, AND SHOW. Tbe third bill of the present comic opera season was put up at the Royal on Wednes day night, when " Chilporic" (music by Herv5, libretto anonymous) was produced before a tolerably well-filled house. Wo are not going to waste spaco or timo in referring to tlio previous productions of this work, and having seen last night's performance from overture to finnlo wo are not in a position to say wiiat it was exactly about. In short, the motive of the story was, from a spectator's point of view, entirely unintelligible and obscure. We may say at the outset that in Wednesday night's work there was unfortunately evidence of insufficient rehearsal, which, especially in the earlier scenes, went far to render the performance dull and to somo extent exasperating, and the first act was, making all allowance for first uiglit short comings, about tlio most unattrac tive we have seen in comic opera at tho Royal. Nothing short of a disaster was averted in this act by tho rendering of tlio quartette, " Happy fortune now awaits me," and tlio followiug " Bother, bother, bother, bother," tho sprightly music of which was capitally sung by Alcssrs. Woodficld and Snazeilo and Alcsdaincs Stewart und Patuy. The quar tette was encored vociferously, a circum stance which rescued the act at a critical juncture. The umbrella dunce at tlio close further holped to awake n languishing interest, and the act closed in thu midst of a big round of appluuse. The second act disclosed a sceiiu which, for gran deur, eclipsed nearly everything that lias been seen at this house. " Tho Throne of Chilpcric's Ancestors," tho work of Air. Gcorgo Gordon, merits a word of special praise as being a most beautiful picture, in which harmony of color and fidelity of design were most happily combined. The features of this act were the "Physicians song of Air. Snazolla and tho duot and danco by Air. Woudfield and Miss Stawart. For his song Air. Snazeilo gained, and deservedly so, one of tlio best and biggest rounds of the evening, and for the first decent vocal effort he has been called upon to mako since ills present engagement lie was accorded a vory hearty encore. The duet and dauco by Mr. Wood- field and Afiss Stewart, a very pretty display of vocal and terpsicliorcan treatment, was. similarly recognised. Air. Wood- field — who, by the way, seemed in first- rate voice— labored manfully to mako the king an interesting study, but from a variety of causes — principally a scarcity of cues — lie only succeeded in rescuing him from the general ruck of uninteresting dreariness. Mr. Woodficld, it need hardly bo said, looked elegant, and was most appropriately made up. With tlio ex ception of the one song quoted Mr. Snazeilo did not contribute anything that could en title him' to a large consignment of praise. His make- up was excellent, to be sure, and so was tho steed he bestrode, but, alas, in common with tlio other " comedians" he indulged in so much meaningless buffoonery that the good points of his performance were quite lost in the displeasure which his unsuccessful efforts at comedy aroused. Being Mr. Wallace's first appearanco this season we would fain have given him un qualified praise, but to be just we cannot. Fatont, the chamberlain, looking like a red- haired Japanese executioner, was evidently intended to be a person of infinite humor, but herein Mr. Wullacc failed, and lie only succeeded iu muking him a very second rate pnutomimist, a trifio less funny than even that sad-eyed creature. But even these people ore lifted iuto comparative exccllcnco ljy the spectacle presented by Mr, Leitcli as Siegbert. His elderly gag, "Did I splash anybody?" is coarso anil devoid of fun ; moreover, it lias been dished up on previous occasions, so it inay vory well be left out of the present production. In tho third act an effort to scare up a laugh with au attempt at a comic song evoked a round of hisses, which, in justice to those concerned, we must say were not the outcome of ill-judgmont. Air. LcitcU's performance altogether has certainly not strenghtencd his name as a funny man in this country. Made up in imitation of Irving, Air Gourlay made somo fun as Ncrvoso, a Spanish grandee, and of course danced gracefully, but oven Air. Gourlay was influenced by the general depression, und he was not his usual solf. Mr. Sydney Dean sang the music of Divitiucus the Druid very acceptably, and in other ways filled the requirements of the part. Aliss Vera Patey was graceful and tuneful as Landry, a sliephord, and Aliss Bessio Royal was all right as Brunhaut, tho wife of Siegbert. Bright-oycd, bewitching Aggie Kelton did not havo much to do as Qal- suinda, but it need hardly be said she filled tho part with musical efficiency and exceed ing grace. Aliss Belle Lindsay (and you : could hardly toll tlio othor from which) was a sprightly page, and we do not wonder at Chilporios favoritism for Alfred. As Fredegondo Miss Stewart sang and acted with all her well-known ability and finisb. Of course she looked charming, and it was to a great extent due to her unfailing vivacity and charm of manner that some of the successes of the evening were effected. " Chilperic " was mounted in such style as is seldom seen at any theatre, and we only regret that so much good money should have been laid out on such unworthy stuff. The last two acts, which are nothing more nor less than pantomimo, were staged and dressed to such a degree of lavish elegance that even regular Royal goers, who aro used to that sort of thuig, gazed iu admiration upon tlio splendor of the scenes. It would seem as if tlio management, feeling th&t; the stuff was weak was determined to pull it out of the soup with a dazzling spec tacle of brilliant costumes. The dancing at times was excellent, and the chorus and orchestra were, thanks to Air. Plumpton, right up to the best form. Air. Gordon's scenery is— well, in Gordon's best style, and you can tako the cliango out of that. Perry's popular Wednesday night concert at tho Tumperancc Ilall still booms along, a very large audience being present, and judging by the very liberal applauso be stowed, the audience niUBt have been highly pleased. Oil Wednesday night Mr. l'orry pro mised fresh talent to. appear with his already popular company. Proceedings commenced with au overture by the company, which was well received. Miss Kate Neville, who was in splendid voice, sang " Rock a byo baby," and was loudly upplaudod. Ted Baker pleased the audience immensely with " The magpie said come iu." "Norine Maurino " was well sung by D. R. Howitt. Dicky Davis, the funny comedian, caused great laughter by singing "Jericho," Aliss Lizzie Rosalie created a furore by rendering "Tiny Tiin." Will Connelly was very successful in "Weep no more," Mr. J. Addison, tho popular baritone, fairly brought the house down with " Nelly Baun." Aliss Alice James delighted the audic-nco by sing ing " Tho lighthouso by the sea." Alias Eva Alurray created a great impression by singing in character " Out in the cold." Tom Kerrans was very funny iu the "Saveloy man." A finalo, "Ho would sing," which caused rours of laughter, con cluded the first part. Air. J. Addison com menced the second part by singing in his well-known style, "The gauntlet," when lie was loudly applauded. Littlo Albert Murray then rendered " Old mother gum," in character, when the applause was dcafoning. Miss Lizzie Rosello, the charm ing serio-comic, fairly electrified the the audience with " Tho Sydney masher," and she was forced to respond. Tom Kerrans caused roars of laughter with " The funny old girl." Miss Eva Alurray pleased the audionce greatly by contributing a speciality, when sho was forced to respond. "Tho ghost" was well Bung by Dickey Davis. Aliss Alico James, the pleasing soprano, sang with great taste and effect, "Only a little pair of shoes," which con cluded ft really first-class evening's amuse ment. Mudame Godden accompanied the |Singers with marked ability. Tlio first concert of tlio Patcy series was given at tho Centenary Hall, York-street, in the pretence of a house that, from a nume- rical point of view, was not qnite all that might have been desired or expected. Under ordinary conditions the man- agoinont might have felt disheartened at -this inauspicious commencement, but with such artists as they have upon the programme thoy very rightly feel that tho second concert will tell a dif ferent talo, and if last night's wild en thusiasm may be taken as a criterion of tho splendid impression made so it will. Before the concert commenced Mr. Otton had to mako au apology for Air. John Patey, who, as wo liad already learned by circular, was suffering from a throat affection, and would in consequence be unablo to appear. Mr. Hailcwcll, it was announced, would sing Air. Patey's songs for him, and that tlio opening trio, Horslcy s " When shall wo three,'' would have to be omittod. Mr. Austin T. Craven thereupon opened tho proceedings with Nelson's tuneful "Aladolinc." Last uiglit was, wo believe, Air. Craven's first appearance upon the concert stage proper of this city, and he is to bo congratulatod upon having created a vory favorable impression. His voice is of good quality and limited power. His method of using it is acceptable, and lie moreover sings with much sympathy and feeling. Ho wns recalled for a very acceptable rendering of " Aladoliue," nnd . so pleased was the bouse with his second number, "I seek for then in every llower" (Ganz), that lie was called upon for an encore, and in respouso repeated t he last vorse. The ndvent of a new soprano is ulways a noticeable event in tho musical world of thin city, and for thut roasou con siderable interest was manifested in tho ap pearanco of Miss Bertha Rossow, who caino from Alclbourne somo timo ago to sing with one of the Leidcrtnfels. Aliss Rossow last night essayed as an opening number tlio "Qui la voco" (I. Puritani), and the im pression prevailing when tho final nolo had been sounded was that the Btnger had, in her solcction, shown rather more ambition than wisdom. Tho voice, which at present has not that breadth and fulness which will probably como with development, was unequal to the showy passages, and throughout there was an ovidence of uncertainty in the treat ment which went far towards marring tlio Bucccsa of tho number. Her singing of Uounod's exquisite serenade was an improve ment, although there was not that tendor fulncsB of tono that a completely successful trcatmont of tho work detnuuds. Aliss Ros sow sang tlio music clearly and cor rectly, and Mr. Lcminone supplied a perfect obligato, but for all that tho hearing was not impressive, although tlio applause was liberal. Air. Lcinmonc, prince of flautists, was heard with very great pleasure in Terschak's "Italian Rhapsody," his faultless treatment securing for hiin very warm recognition from the house. Later in tho evening ho played Ganboidi's beautiful " Prayer," and supple mented it with tha same composer's " Air de ballet." Iu each number the player exhi bited that samo perfection of method which often makes us woiulor why ho doesn't take hi3 talents to a larger market, where, if there couldn't be more apprecia tion, there would at IcaBt exist a greater demand. Air. Lcmmono had to respond to the approval of a delighted house. Air. Hallewull, who was not in his best voice, sang Alondelssohn's "I'm a roauicr" fairly woll, many of the lower notes being quito inaudible ; but a braver UBsay was thu dear old " Hearts of oak," which tho singer trusted with plenty of bold vigor. If you have never beard Madame Patey you have yet to learn what depth of feeling and what ineffable tenderness can be infused into the glorious tones of a great contralto. As tho imposing figure of our distinguished visitor caino into view for tho first timo last night tho house broko into a mighty burst of welcome, aud Madame Patcy found herself for the first tiino before an Australian audience. She lias on scores of occasions sung to lurger attendances — probably bIio never before sung to such n small one — but never did an audience give her more hearty and kindly wclcomo than tho one which greeted her und her splendid ability last niglit. To descant upon the glory ot such a voice as hers would be but wasting words, but as having heard with infinite pleasure the singer on many occasions in London years ago wo may say that her grund voice re mains unimpaired by time and uso, and to- duy she sings as sbo ever did — simply inimitably. Hear bor, she will thrill you us porliaps no othor singer lias ever done, tho rich melody of her music will convey more tenderness anil fooling than perhaps you over thought the human voice could express. Last niglit tho house sat enthralled and Breath less, and as the last notes of each number died away the applauso that pre sently broke into cheering was substantial evidence of tho singer's marvellous powor. Madame Patcy sang as her first number Cluck's " Clio faro" with wondarful breadth of method and a world of tender sentiment. Upon its conclusion sho was thrice recalled, and then she sung softly nnd sweetly "Tlio meeting of the waters" as it had never be fore been heard in Sydney. The murderous familiarity of tha ruthless amateur' has dona much to cheapen the beauty of Knight's " She wore a wreath of roses," hut Madame Patcy lifted tlio song to an exalted place, and brought out all its palhotic beauty by lior own perfect treat ment. In response to the inevitable encore she sang of the "Banks of Allan Wutor" and the woes of the miller's only daughter with such sad sweetness that many ana many au eyo wns dimmed m sympathy, aud one felt at tho close that somehow a lump had got in tlie throat that had 110 business there, nnd that if it was not swallowed hurriedly one would bo liable to mako a fool of one's solf before everybody. Much tho samo impression was made by Madame Patey in singing "Tho Lando' tho Leal," and it was almost a relief when sho kindly sang, with wonderful archness and nuivetc, " Huntingtower," tho inter- prctation of which had hitherto received but scant attention in this city, but tlio artist showed tho house exactly liow it should be sung. Madame Patey's reception was one of the heartiest ever accorded to a visitor to this city, and tlio appreciation with which sho was heard was boundless. To-morrow the second concert will be given. To-night " The New Alugdaien " will be played for the last tiino, and those who liavo not yet seofi Aliss Acliurch in tho character of Mercy Alerrick should tako the only remaining opportunity of doing so. To-morrow " Tho Long Strike " will be produced. Tho benefit which 1ms been arranged for Aliss Acliurch will tuko placo to-morrow afternoon at tho Criterion. There is bound to bo a rush for seats, so early attendance is necessary. 