La Tosca. ; A NOVEL-HY A. D. HALL. ' (KI>UM>KI> ON TUR IM.AY «Y VIC'lORtlCN SA11D0Ü. ' Zaccone,' be said, slowly, fixing his eyes upon the face of his subordinate with a glance full of meaning. ' Pay strict attention to the orders I am about to give you, and seo that they aro faithfully and exactly carried out. At sunrise you will lead the prisoner, Mario Cavaradossi, to the parapet of the castle. Select a picked body of men, men you can trust. Attend to the guns yourself and see that they are loaded with a charge of powder only. Instruct the prisoner to fall as dead. Then withdraw your men and leave the prisoner to his own devices. Do you under stand, Zaccone ?' The agent looked a little puzzled and sought to read his chief's meaning in his face. 11> think so, your excellency,' he replied with some slight hesitation. ' Do exactly as you did in the case of Palmieri,' said Scarpia, slowly and dis tinctly. Zaccone's face cleared. : ? '1 understand, your excellency.' ' If any mistake is ; made, your life will pay the forfeit.' ,' ? Your orders shall be fulfilled to the letter, your excellency,' ' See to it that they are. -Are you satis fied j madame P' turning to La' Tosca, who had remained motionless listening intently to each word. . ; ? She gave a gesture of assent. . You can go, Zaccone,' he continued, ' and see that under no pretence am I again disturbed to-night.' As the man left the room, Scarpifi turned to his desk and hastily filled out and signed two blanks. Floria watched him, her back to the table. As the ¡ Baron finished he rose and faced her. Instinctively she re coiled and her hand came into contact with some sharp, cold surface. Her heart gave a great throb ; hardly'conscious" of what she did, she grasped the handle of the knife and, letting her hand fall to her side, held it concealed in the folds of her dress. ? ? . .- ? ' - ? The Baron approached holding the papers in his hand. ' Hero is an order which will admit you to the prisoner,' he said-; '.and here a.pass port for two, which will enable'you to leave the city.' He placed-"tho papers upon the, table. She watched his every« movement with a hunted, look in her eyes' like that of a young tigress driven to hay. Her face gleamed ghost-dike in the, candle- light, but\ beautiful to a degree that seemed almost imearthly-r-the Nemesis, of Phidias warmed into life. The Baron was close .beside hen He laid his hand upon, hers which rested upon the; table ; it was as cold as a .serpent's skin, andi-yet as it touched her flesh she felt as if a red hot iron had branded her. With the look of amad woman she¡re-> coiled. With swift agility she drew the knife from its concealment. For one in-' stant the bright steel flashed in the waver ing light, and the next, before the scoundrel beside her could divine her intent, it was buried ih nis breast. ??. '1 <''?'??'* , ..... iv , With a muffled cry he staggered back.and fell upon the sofa, his head hanging: over the ? arm. > She sprang toward him, and bending over till her mouth nearly touched his ear, she hissed: * Regard me well, demon, and" see me revel- in .your agony. Die, beast and rep tile J Die, coward, hy the' hand of a woman \ Miserahle dog, fit only, to he, stoned to death. -' Die, devil ! Die, Judas P Diel Die 1' ' , <? He raised himself, and with one last convulsive effort, thrust "her hack and staggered toward the door; but with a fierce exclamation she sprang before hilUy and with uplifted 'weapon barred his» passage. He threw up both hands, andi Uttering a loud cry, fell prone at her feet, white, silent-dead. She laughed aloud ; a-chuckling, mirth less, horrible laugh. Then suddenly her whole face changed, her frenzy was chilled into an awful calmness, her arm dropped to her side, the knife falling with a ring ing sound upon the floor. She looked about her in a dazed, vague way, until suddenly her gaze became fixed upon a thin red stream that was gradually trie* kling toward her. In terrible fascination she watched it as it came closer and closer until it touched the hem of her gown. Then she started hack, clutched the papers upon the table and thrust them into her hosoiu. Once more, despite herself, and as if drawn by a magnet, lier eyes sought the motionless form upon the floor. A strange quiver passed over her face. With a long shuddering sigh she seized the lighted candles and placed them, one at his head and one at his feet ; iu a sort of religious insanity, murmuring incoherent words, she groped along the wall until she found the crucifix ; detaching it with nervous, trembling fingers, she laid it reverently upon his breast. ' I have done all I could for you,' she muttered. ' May God and tho Madonna forgive you, though I cannot !' . Then, with a swift motion she gathered her draperies about her and fled, leaving the room in ghastly silence, deserted save for ita one grim inmate. lt wanted an hour of dawn. In tho guard-room of the castle of St. Angelo, upon a low wooden bench, sat Mario and a young man with a bright intelligent face, , the Marquis dc la Tremouille. The Mar quis's family was one of tho oldestandrich est in France,and ono of the few which had managed to preserve its wealth during .the trying limos of the revolution. In a spirit of adventure, the young Marquis had accompanied Napoleon to Italy, and venturing too far beyond tho lines had been captured by a squad of Melos' soldiers, conducted before the general, and sent to Rome to be held tor ransom. Mario had known De la Tremouille when he was a student in David's atelier at Paris, and now, as fellow prisoners the two young men had renewed their acquaintance. De la Tremouille had done * all he could to raise his com panion's spirits and had bribed the guard to allow him to remain with his friend until the end, despite Mario's remonstrances that he might injure his own cause by thus exhibiting his sympathy for a man con demned to die. , / \ ' Bah I' said De la Tremouille. ' They are too wise to harm me. Alive, I am worth a hundred thousand crowns, my ransom. Baron Scarpiá will never throw ajway so large a sum, which he is sure of in the near future.' . » After Mario's interview with Scarpia; tiley both recognised that theré waa no longer any hope. For some time they had been sitting silent, each absorbed in his o wn melancholy : thoughts. Suddenly Mario spoke. ' Marquis,' he said, ' the time is rapidly approaching when I must say good-bye to life. . It must be nearly morn ing. We do not know each other well, if we count intimacy by time, but a few hours in the ., crisis of a man's life are sometimes more than years of ordinary intercourse. So, I do not hesitate to ask a favor of you.' v r ! ' Deal with me as.if I were your nearest friend,' replied De la Tremouille warmly ; ' if there is anything I can do for you, rely implicitly upon its being accomplished.' ?vi'-Thank you,' said Mario, pressing his hand. ' If you escape from this hell, as I have the firm hope you will, go to the Signora Floria Tosca and tell her what they have done with me.' j . Upon my honor, monsieur, I will do it.' ; ? Gently, of course-you understand. And,' drawing a sealed packet from his breast, ' give her this letter and ring. Tell ;her that my last thought was for her, my last prayer for her happiness.' ? j Visibly affected, the Marquis replied, as he took the letter : ' My dear- fellow, you can count upon my fulfilling your request religiously.' i At this moment one of the guards ap proached, and addressing the Marquis very respectfully, said : , j« Signor, the time is nearly up. Captain Zaccone may arrive at any moment, and I do not dare to allow you to remain here any longer.' r. j« Go,' said Mario, rising, ' and God bless you for your kindness.' ; The Marquife; warmly pressed the hand extended to him, and with a suspicious moisture about the^yes, turned and fol lowed the guard. As they reached the passageway leading to the cells, the guard was about to enter first, but De la Tre mouille seized him by the shoulder and thrusting him anide, said proudly : ' Monsieur, when there was a court in Fiance, the De la TremouiU.es took pre cedence of all except the king. I have not come to Rome to follow such fellowB as you.' v 'Do as you like; Marquis,' replied the guard, impatiently ;..' only hurry.' With a sorrowful glance and a farewell wave of the hand to the prisoner, De la Tremouille disappeared in the passageway, leaving Mario alone; to prepare himself to meet his fate. He buried his face in hi. hands and gave himself up to bitter reflection. In a short time he was roused by a hand laid upon his shoulder. He raised his head. Zaccone stood before bim. ' I am ready,' ho said, rising to his feet. ' It still wants twenty minutes to sun rise,' rejoined the agent. ' I have, before leading you to-' A loud knocking at tho heavy iron door which led into the public hallway inter rupted his words. He broke off, and hastening to the door, unlocked and opened it part way. A wornan stood outside, a I woman he knew-Floria Tosca. ' Pardon me, Signora,' ho said, * no one can enter here.' 4 The regent's order,' she replied haughtily, holding out a folded paper. Zaccone took it, scrutinised the signature carefully, and then, with something of doubt and hesitation, drew aside and allowed her to enter. In another moment she was in Mario's arms, folded close to his heart. ' Floria ! my own!' he murmured. ' Thank heaven for this mercy. It would have been too cruel to have allowed me to die with. out seeing you once more.' She raised her eyes to his, eyes wild, haggard, but full of absolute devotion. . At last,' she murmured, passionately. ' At last, I am with. you. You are mine, all mine, nothing but mine. Speak. Speak again. Let me drink in your adored words.' ' Carissima.' ' Mario. Do you know ? Have you heard? You are saved! Saved I Freel' A shudder shook bis frame, and he cried, eagerly : ' Floria. Are you mad ? What do you mean ?' ' Listen,' Bhe exclaimed, hurriedly. ' The execution will be all a sham. The guns are to be loaded with powder. You must feign death and then we can escape to gether. Here is the passport for us both.' ' Floria,' he said, holding her from him and with a long, scrutinising look. ' How has this been accomplished ?', . . With a quick movement, she struck his hands from her shoulders, and then nestling close to him, faltered hysterically : ' No ! no ! ask me nothing now. There is no time. I will tell you all later later. Ah ! Mario, you will, never know how I love you. If anything had hap pened, if this shameful sentence had been carried out, I would not have survived you ; my last sigh would have mingled with yours.' ' . . - * He held her strained in his embrace, forgetful of all save that he loved her. ' Floria,' he murmured, ' my beloved.' j ' Ah I' she exclaimed. « Let me tell you how I love you. I have suffered so much. I have the right to be mad with joy now. I forget all save you, I see only you, I hear only you, in all the world. In an hour we shall have left ali these bad dreams behind us, fled all this terrible past.' We shall be alone, happy, free, to love each other for ever.' i ' My Floria.' ' Yes ; yours. Yours till eternity.'";; . The hour has come,' interrupted Zaccone's harsh voice. ... 'Adieu, my own,' whispered Mario, pressing a long kiss upon' her exquisite lips. i j. '; ' . ?No! no !' with a sudejen^.superstitious fear ; ' not adieu ! Au revoir;! - For a little while only, my Mario, for a little -while, only.' As the guards conducted him away, With' eager eyes and with almost a smile'upon her lips, she watched the little cortege. When they disappeared through the door way, she gathered her mantle about her and followed them through the hallway and up the winding staircase," creeping cautiously along and keeping in the shadow in order not to be observed. The early morning mists were slowly fading away. Toward the . east, great masses of golden and rose-colored clouds, gorgeous harbingers of day, lay banked upon the horizon. The Tiber rolled merrily along the foot of the castle of St. Angelo, the. birds carolled gaily,- and aU nature was' enveloped in the dewy calm and freshness of the dawn. Upon the circular platform at the top of the castle, erect . and calm, his hands folded behind liim,stood Mario Cavaradóssi. Opposite was drawn up a .file of soldiersy commanded by t Zaccone, who, with white handkerchief in hand, stood ready to give, tile signal. . . . Just as the' first rays of . the' rising, s'uu) gilded Verschaffcl t's beautiful bronze an gel, the agent raised his linnd : * Are-y-ovi .cady? Ono! Two! Th voe ! Fire!' A flash, a roar of musketry t When the smoke cleared, away Mario was seen lying motionless, extended flat on his face, Zaccone ordered the soldiers to retire. Hardly was the platform clear when a woman's figure stole from behind one of the pillars. Cautiously approaching her lover's recumbent figure, she whispered : ' Mario 1 Mario mio ! Ilise ! It is I, Floria 1 The coast is clear !' No word, no motion in answer to her call. ' Mario 1' she repeated, a little anxiously and more loudly now. ' Mario ?' Still the same portentous silence greeted her. With the agony of love alarmed shining in her great, dark eyes, she glided toward her lover's form, knelt down and laid her hand upon his shoulder. With a quick realisation of the dreadful truth, she rolled him over and exposed a white,rigid,ghastly face to the light. With a scream she threw herself upon his breast and kissed the pale lips, with low moans and pitiful prayers for him tp speak to her. Suddenly Bhe sprang to her feet, and, in a wild, frenzied manner, called for Zaccone. . The agent appeared, followed by the soldiers. ' Traitor 1' she shrieked. ' What have you done ?' ' Signora,' replied Zaccone, ' it was Baron Scarpia's orders. He told me to proceed exactly as in Palmieri's case and Palmieri was shot.' A horrible smile wreathed her lips, and her eyes flashed with an unearthly light. ' Ah ! your Scarpia 1' she cried. ' His last villainy is accomplished I You shoot I I stab! Would to heaven I could drive the knife once more into his heart, and twist it there ! Go and seek the miserable wretch where he lies below, dead, unshri ven, his soul in hell ?' ' Seize her?' screamed Zaccone, furiously. But before they could reach her, Floria sprang lightly upon the battlements, and with a cry of ' Wait for me, Mario I I cornel I come I' leaped off, down, down into the yellow waters of the Tiber. When the excited soldiers reached the edge and looked over, there was nothing to be seen except a rapidly whirling eddy, kissed by dancing rays of sunlight^ and the circles of which gradually widened until all was still. ', THE END. " She sprang towards him, and bending ovér--" ? * (See " La Tosca," on pr page.) [ "She laid it reverently on his breast." (See "La Tosca," on previous page.") 