CARDINAL MANNING. (By W. T. Stead, is "The Review op Reviews.") Oliver cromwell. It will probably surprise most people when I say that the first conversation I ever had with the Cardinal dwells in my memory chiefly be cause of the eulogy which he pronounced on the character of Cromwell. I am an Indepen- dent. and the son of an Independent, and I am proud to belong to a denomination wliich can boast the Lord Protector as its Hero-Saint. His portrait, painted on an oak panel of the seven teenth century, looks down upon me from the walls of iny new sanctum ; and his day of " double victory and death" (3rd September) ranks with 30th January as one of the red- letter days of my year. In the course of a long and interesting conversation the name of Oliver was mentioned. I said I supposed he was in scant favour with a Roman Cardinal. "You are mistaken," said he ; " you are thinking only of Ireland, and what he did there. I put that entirely on one side. In Ireland Cromwell acted not as a Christian, but as a Moslem. But, looking at him apart from that Irish expedi tion, I have always regarded Oliver Cromwell as the greatest man ever produced by the English race. No other ruler, before or since, has united in equal degree such faith in the Im perial destinies of England abroad and such passionate concern for the welfare of the com mon people' at home." As it is much more to me to be in agreement with any one about, Cromwell than to agree about the dogma of infallibility, an Anglican friend, to whom I re peated the remark, sneered as he replied, "How I admire the wily Cardinal, and how well lie knew his bird." " OLIVER CROMWELL IS WOT DEAD." Cardinal Manning never " puts on side.'' There are those who say that in dealing with men of his own faith he is more of the Prince of the Church than he is with those who are of other communions. But so far as I have seen him he has always been tho same — genial and hospitable. I have seen him at all hours between 10 and 10, and never foun 1 him dis turbed by my intrusion. Possibly if people called upon him merely for gossip he might he different. I have usually gone on business of one kind or anothei", and have always found him most approachable, full of kindly courtesy and helpful counsel. Speaking one day of his position in England to a visitor from Rome the Cardinal explained that the Catholic Church was held in all honour and treated with all re spect in this Protestant country. He drew quite an ideal picture of tho freedom enjoyed by the Catholics under the dominion of the Queen, and said: "My priests are a very de voted body of men, hut so completely has the ancient prejudice died out that I sometimes think that we are even too well thought of in England. But," said he, afterwards, " I always remind them that our Church in Eng land is respected because it respects the rights of others, and claims nothing for itself beyond the equal rights enjoyed by every British citizen. If I wero to claim to exercise any superiority or ascendancy, or to demand any privilege which tvas not possessed by anyone eke, what a storm there would be ! Never forgot," said he, " that in England Oliver Cromwell is not dead. He is only sleeping, and at any moment he may wake up," nonconformists and anglicans. The Cardinal, as he has told the world many times, was led to the Church of Rome because he believed that there alone could be found ab solute certainty. As there seems to be nothing more absolutely certain in tho world than that the Church has been absolutely mistaken in many of the most important issues on which it has pronounced judgment from time to time, there has always been wide room for discussion. But to. the Cardinal the Nonconformists arc nearer the Catholic Church than the Angli cans ; aud of the Nonconformists the nearest are the Quakers. The Quakers, he has fre quently said, hold fast to the fundamental truth of the reality of the work of the Holy Ghost. " They limit the workings of the Divine Spirit to the individual soul of man. All that they need to learn to come into the fulness of truth is that the Holy Spirit also works through the Church of God." He was particu larly pleased at my recognition of the Quaker like character of the service of the Catholic Church. The morning Mass is a Quakers' meeting plus a genuflecting celebrant, whose presence you need not even notice if you close your eyes. Of Nonconformists in general I have always heard him speak in the kindest terms. He quoted with approval the saying of Mr. Lowell, who, on hearing some onoligktly predict the coming downfall of England, re marked — " If you knew England as I do, you would know that the Nonconformists have created in the hearts of the English people a virile force and strong integrity which will enable England . to pass safely through crises which have overwhelmed other empires." nis love l'or children. Unlike most Roman ecclesiastics, Cardinal Manning had the advantage of having lived in the ordinary human relations. When he speaks of ihe home as tho sacred foundation of society, he differs from the normal priest, who by fie conditions of his calling is homeless aud wife less. Cardinal Manning has been married. He has had a homo. He is, therefore, not cut off as by an abyss from the lives of other men. His love for children is with him an abiding pas sion, audit is this which constitutes the close tie of sympathy between him and Mr. Waugh, the indefatigable director 01 the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, which has been so extraordinarily misrepresented by Dr. Barnardo. It was in concert with fir. Waugh that the Cardinal published " The Child of the English Savage" — that terrible paper which first roused the conscience of curpeople to their duties to the outcast child. It was through the Cardinal that Her Majesty intimated her in tention to become patron of Mr. Waugh's society : and in the Cardinal Mr. Waughhas found from first to last an energetic mid in valuable ally in all that he has striven to do for tho benefit of the children of England. Many have been the speculations as to the figure which the Cardinal will make in historv. Some have pictured him as the tribune of the poor, others as an incipient Hildehrand, others as a nineteeuth-century Loyola, but I prefer to think of him as the "loving-hearted old nii.,i, who, when his heart is filled with ecsiacy after a meditation on the life and the love of the Lord, feels impelled to go forth among the crowds of children playing in the London parks, and silently blesses them in the name of Him who said, " Suffer the littlo childreu to come unto Me, and forbid them not, for or such is the kingdom of heaven." in 1SS5. During the time of the agitation that led to the passing of the Criminal Law Amendment Act in 1885 the Cardinal was my most effective ally. He was to ate from first to last as a tower of strength and unfailing help in everv time of need. It was he who suggested the Mansion-house Committee, on which he subse quently served, and he covered me as with a shield by his generous and his unstinted sup port. I remember at an early stage in the pro ceedings I remarked with a. smile that I might find myself in gaol before the work was done. He remarked — " Well, if so, I will come and see you there." He was not well enough that dis mal and foggy winter to come to Holloway, nor was there any need, for the imprisonment which I had anticipated was of a very different kind to that which I actually enjoyed. What was feared was that before the work was done, when no one understood what was aimed at! I might have been run in and punished as if I had actually committed the crime I was seek ing to expose. After the Criminal Law Amend ment Act was passed, the subsequent trial and imprisonment did not count. The only purpose which they served was to immeasurably in crease the impression produced by tho oriental revelations, and force one out of an anonymity which uutil then had been so strictly guarded that my name was hardly known to anyone beyond my family and professional circle. "Cer tainly no benefit which my kindest friend ever conferred upon me has ever done me as much good in every direction as tiie process by which it was sought to crush me. But it was a trying time while it lasted. at.d the Cardinal stood by me through it all iii face of a storm of obloquy which would have daunted most men. I look back upon that year with boundless gratitude to the in numerable friends, most of them before un known, who snpported me with a zeal and en thusiasm which I was far from deserving. And among my Catholic supporters there was none so staunch and true as the Cardinal. The first letter which I received in Coldbath Fields prison, which was given me at a time when I was forbidden t oa" recei vo any letters, was from the Cardinal. It was a greeting which it was well worth having gone to gaol to receive. " November 11, 1885. " My Dear Mr. Stead; — ' All things work together for good to them that love God.' Yoa have served Him with a eiugleeye. And the work has . been done as you wrote on the sen tence. ..No sentence can, undo it.' You quoted my words in the North. : Yon have now the crown npon your work, that is to suffer f errors of judgment and a literal breach of the law which left the moral life of England almost without defence. I have so strongly felt this and have so clearly seen through the animosities against you that I believe what has now" befallen will work some unforeseen and greater good for your consolation. Whatsoever it may be in my power to do shall be done. May God give you His peace. — Believo me, always yours very faithfully, Henry E., Card. Arch hp." Nobly did lie fulfil his promise. Never have I appealed to him from that time to this to help mo iu any work iu which we were of one mind that I (fid not find hiin ready to help to the uttermost of his power. an imperial englishman. "When Mr. Cecil Rhodes was last in London we had some talk concerning those Englishmen who really cared for the Empire and believed in England, and were eapable of taking wide views/ In my list of those who answered to that description I put the Cardinal at the top. A truer patriot never breathed English air. During all the years that I have known him there has never been an effort made to strengthen England abroad or to protect her at home that he has not been in tho forefront. Whether it has been the strengthening the navy, the defeat of the Channel tunnel, the develop ment of the volunteers, the cheapening of post age over sea, or the advocacy of Imperial Federation, you could always count upon the Cardinal In one respect undoubtedly Rom has a beneficial effect upon her clergy. It tends to give them a wide outlook. It fami'iarises them with the conception of the world as a whole, which delivers them from parochialism. You see this in any Irish priest who was educated abroad ; you feel it at every turn in the Archbishop's palace. But although the Cardinal corresponds every week in Latin, French, and Italian, ho only thinks in English. He combines the spirit of a Palineraton with the philanthropy of a Shaftesbury, and mingles with both a tenderness aud patience and kindly sympathy for the like of which I look injvain among other men. exeter-hall in a red hat. Yet his patriotism and his high Imperialism never blind him to the claims of Ireland and the rights of the subject races. Ho is a Home Ruler to the heart's core. No man that I know, not of Irish birth, has so sincere an admiration of the . Irish people as Cardinal Manning. Ireland is to hint always the Isle of the Saints. At the Vatican Council the Irish bishops seem to stand out morally and intellectually above their brethren from other English-speaking lands. When their faults come to light, he ex cuses them on the ground of the oppression of ceuturies. , Their faults are their oppressors', their virtues are all their own, or rather are due to the Catholic Church, which counts the chil dren of St. Patrick as its missionary nation. When Archbishop Walsh was lieing vehe mently abused, he hastened publicly to take his stand bv his side and identity himself with his Irish brother. For Archbishop Croke he has always entertained a.deop personal veneration. But although he is strong for Home Rule he has constantly set his face as a flint against the dis memberment of the Imperial Parliament that was contemplated when in an evil hour Mr. Gladstone proposed to expel the Irish members from Westminster. It is not only the Irish whom the Cardinal regards as his clients. All subject races are to him of peculiar interest. He is indeed a kind of personified Exeter-hall under a cardinal's hat. Whether it is for the abolition of slavery, the suppression of the slave trade, the prevention of the sale of drink to the native races, tho Cardinal is always to the fore. Nor are his sympathies limited to those people with whom we have to do. Far be it from ma to pry into the mysteries of the Curia ; but it is an open socret that Cardinal Manning, together with Cardinal Gibbons, has spared no effort to convince the Vatican that the day of the dynasties is past, and that the era of the peoples has fully dawned. the christian socialist. The Social question is to Cardinal Manning the question of questions. The condition of the people, the improvement of their homes, the re moval of their temptations — all questions re lating to the amelioration of their lot — are con stantly with him. He is in hot revolt against the stony-hearted bureaucratic machinery of our Poor Law, and he is so far a Socialist as to lay down in the strongest terms that " a starving man has a natural right to his neigh bour's bread. So strict is this natural right that it prevails over all positive laws of pro perty." They must know little of life, he is constantly reminding us, " who do not know, what miii of men and women comes from the straits of poverty." There is an admirable article in the third volume of his " Miscella nies" which is entitled " A Pleading for the Worthless," which is imbued with the spirit of Him who came to seek and to savo those who are lost. Nor is it only in articles that the Cardinal preaches. His wholo life is devoted to the same task. In the dockers' strike — of which I say nothing, for the incidents are so fresh in public memory — he only did on a wider platform, and in sight aud heariug of a larger audience, what he spends his lifo in doing on a smaller scale. - 