IpruKDSAYr Bjjy OF A BUCCANEER. But b. IBnTtl. , p.irris -milked IK pondered long and ihc£U- wer ,rllls1P,r' ! rest of h forceastlo, and tho ' "fiVFtandinS wringrmgdiis L'l boat. So, presently, the was , 5 of the men, and K1'". him ond promised to r-aVuonhc went down to ins BR I. " m-cat pistol, nuu Bfo-- »r- ;lS .,nd cleaned it ; after- Ban' ' i.nrf and produced from Euf i ' dollar. This lio E& mail hall, and with it, iPjiiii' a w . i|ct ho loaded tho if lejif -aod in this fashion, -.«i following him by Kd!C ' J nnrched right to tho Wfao). flCr. . Hb unclo mot him do you want hero?" 9\. . Kbko my advico, ana P 0)90 1' , Btt " , i.j brought him hero, MP rid oi him;" "ud so "ay- 8®,? man nsido, and ontevod MP0 lmS dark, hut the light aw» «'«"igli d> rSJtho strange passenger KaTheciP httd do8cnbed> HBk to th® heavily in, and the. ' B ,w remai nod for more than, a H " Picb. ' other s;ayns„ Xho . B'tWrcacli other's . Bnnir'twiva Ned at last, as' BfS more free than wel- Hjrsioi nonolicc. Btkropeto you,' says iSed ; il l doh.g an act of duty , Kattrc. But now I hear that K. r blood in your veins, and HE te ocean, bringing bad if,!" mariners y cm faU in with. K, true, or it may not. If not, EfoVirto you are If you bo Kdminrou aro weloomo hero ;. RUliare told mo that a' silver B wimd cvon a ghost, and. if : B,r«kintime, by God, there is a Kir of lcstin tho truth of .the IL< , 'a Bfci a»w 1110 bluu 1 'V, strange passenger. Ilia Hfi; moral a musclo of its wan Kgii> dollar and my blessing with Hftr-jtiiri M, and he drew the HLl HpVxlcil, and for a moment. HE MS so lull of smoke HL..M not see what execution KL. iV'licn the vapour oloared a MffKl-iVaiher Don was standing BLr CVCs giving out thoir cold Hfee horribly tlinn over. Htve mcj-onr lienison,' ho soreeelicd Hfteroa iny malison ; and the exc- H| Itc tokens of it will follow you Hbir, until cither my fate or yours - ntd. If yon do not believe me, Hi ink over cither quarter, and see HHspcak sooth.' | miles, were the very words of Hue: Don; for I have got nil tlio which relate to the matter by Hsfverc told to me. And so Ned Hfeiitliem being terribly startled, Hp on deck, one tripping up the Kr harry; and tho firut thing thoy H store into the sea, where the Hisd told them to look, when sure siV the fins of two great bine Br.i monsters in sizo, keeping way Blb the ship; and just as Ned came ygovcacort of frisky plnngo in Hu much as to say, ' there you are — Kudberc ire are.' Hate a long story short, mates,: Hlaijbt such a gale . was blowing, Bisivard that there was nothing H b put tho ship before tho wind ;'! Hrlr that day, but that weck,'nhd after that, did tho hurricane, Hp little else, continue, blowing the Hi; oat of her course, untilatlengtlr Biaicrew knew that they had sailed tie coast of Africa to the coast of Bad that if the wind did not soon Hlle; would be run plump ashoro, Hlh continent or ono of tho islands. Foal-Wcather Don, as before, from tho cabin, nor broko broad' H word. Indeed, if ho wcro talka- Bd no ono bnt himself to holdcon- Hh; for captain, qnnrtor- mostor, ou, lived forward, and gavo up B b the phantom pnasonger. But H;-'-" Don was not tho only thing Bkbthoehip. Theslrnrkskopt way Bf steadily in tho thundering Hue light breeze. Tire ore w could Branonallv, ploughing along in the i too sea, ono on each quarter, and B places as exactly as if thoy Bg after the ship. Well, all hands Ban mopish, Tho old captain was Bmnod; and even Ned Purvis, dnvo- Be was, began to quail. At last, B ? "tir rookoning, and by tho ultvntvlil Olln.ln i.1. . A. ll. . Htba' .r . ou,muwu( taac inoy. tig the land, aud that ono way Hi a would B00u 1)0 settled. BiIa!' .v m.en woro ijntherod in B'khiog signs of the sky, and HMltoeach other right nliend the. Bu S fS?8 wlc1 sailors know mt Z?' P0 wnoathor looked as wild BkS iV0 oven fastcrthan KwHaai' a,ndtyu bould havo soon B. ! stho craffc aB she wont - KLrjD>ondcrarag o£ canvas, which Hl fn/C7i?omeat 10 toughs Hf.p v„i ? ,P looked almost B, . \7arH8 liad cen "washed Hw '3. nutchways were, all - Br on ! 1 Ihi'co boats sho had Btfe dock Iv? '«bo!nf? Btronb'ly Boal.wMa i l0 sea-hattered "nuchM." " ""bough thero BwrutJ ynrn to mako it Kl u ,8 ir all tho great seas, K K ',1Hn'i ovor.aud Bouo - '!10 ">n wcro obliged Btoe?un?gl)ol'a' and to tho Lathing 8 a 1510 01 woari1 H'tinth!, ?/ "8 they uld, arid" H'monow ftl""? ?y tbem8elve" Ba r»i. v 't time, when tho K?®8. Rave , l" ?6! t,loir turn ot Biiv aboS ?,ld "bout, and the K»ttodedT Wettthor Don B'fodne th FWied "fie looked eagerly frChf t0 fiud ld8 trcosuro HNr«4 frn!! ,r,0aUl "nd watoh: R' At lenartli i malntoP long BLir, and ma? 11 ovtoi ! J, to tho feWnrncd to handa' H ' his boat tn iS ,"" P"rv.la, and 1 8 oinnta rnnt„„ .!lulstcd int:0 tho |, Wd they i„. !i ta' 'oii woro R SrAti "s |>P a Jt tbo dvil, mates, I»asSht bko that; she ght as a woll-oorked alom®"t8 m- the Don, quito fcm 'wnk5,8'' 1V?th Nod Wen. ght iiQ would, when aean to'i word and tbS'riotho boat twiIlmbor ovor l&SiS; ay fetQ Damons for you than his bSy'. nud 'n a minute F»&,'Uld "» l 8tT 'Uvuyfrom I ePock with ! r 0l0w 81lw | Wl«l a figure in it, in tiio very crest of a breaking wnvo. ' Jinst as tliis happened, and they were beginning to breathe freely, ono of the men shouted ' Land !' and suro enough the next tiiuo thoy rose upon a sea tlioy saw right in tho glnro of tlo sotting sun tiio dusky , coast-line of an island. . In an hour after, thp gale broke, lulling fast, so that beforo -midnight, they had courses and . stay- sails on tho ship, sho lying-to with her head, to the eastward. You know, mates, that iu hot countries it is up wind, up sea, down wind, down sea, so that by simisso tho next day tlioro wus nothing bat n great smooth swell to show that a "gale had just swept across tho wide Atlantic. Tho iir.-t .thing Nod Purvis did when he camo on dock io tako the morning watch, was to look ovor tho quarter, and ho confessed afterwards that his heart felt sick when ho saw the two bluo sliurks still alongside swimming oloso to tho surface. Tho other senmaa saw tho creatures too, and they looked at Nod, and whispcrod among tliomsolves. " "Well, you may. he suro that, after suoli a run us the ship had had across .the Atlantic, sho wanted refitting, and tho crew wanted ycgotublc food and rest : so that when tho usual trado wind camo to blow, and thoy found from ono or two fishing canoes that tlioy woro amongst tho most northern of tho Windward Islands, they cruised about, looking for a convenient beach to land at, nnd to refresh themselves.' All this time, mates, tho sharks kept their places as steadily ns the very masts. Ned fished for them in vain. . He even baited the. book with the tlioy would not ns much as push tho morsel with their snouts'. ' ' No, nu,' snid tlio meiij when thoy saw. this ; ' the creatures, liavo their - , orders, ., and: tlioy obey - tlicin. ' .Then ' Ned tried the "harpoon 'but; tlough' " ho" 'had ' often . speared porpoise's," ami-dolphins, ho could, not make a hit at tlio. sharks ; either the ship lifted or lurched, 'or tho ravenous animals glided aside, or tho wator mudo tho spoar glance ; but, however it wns, Ned confessed that he could not ovon scratch thoir dingy hacks. "Upon tliis, thero was little but black looks mid murmuring words in tlie sliip. Poor old Captain Purvis was at his wit's ond, and tho. orow, although1 tlioy used to lovo poor Nod; now began' to look at him lis though lie woro a Jonas, and Nod know it. : ' Tho qiirsc,' said the men, 'isfollowingus in d visible Hhapo, There can bo no good luck for ship, or crow, ; or cargo, with such a oouplo of attendants swimming astern.' " Well, Ned tried hard to laugh it off-, hut ho could not succeed, and his arguments wore of US llttlo avail. I WIiv.-' hft ivnnlrl -nuv ' thoy can't jump aboard, messinutos ; tlio ocean is theirs lis woll as ours, anil if a cat iriny lnok at a kiag, I don't sec why a shark may not look at a Bliip.' "But though ho spoke in this tone, I can tell you thut-Nod was ill at oaso himself. Well, this lusted three days, and all that time they woro cruising about among tho islands, looking for a plaep which would bo sntig_ to afichor iii, dud out of tho way of Spiiiiish ships. On tho third day, when tlio ship was about a longuo from a small sandy islo or key, tlio men noticed that thc'sliarks cuine closer to licr than ever, as if they woro gotting moro and more wntohful of their prey. This nmdo the pot boil ovor, and tlio boatswain and three-fourths of tho erow wont to tho captain in a body, and said that Ned must leave tho ship that hour, for that he was a doomed man, and that a doomed man made a doomed ship. There was land closo to, thoy said. Mr. Purvis would got plenty of wator and provisions, and ho might soon got his passage off in another ship, but .whotlicr ho did or not ho must go ashore now. Old Purvis tried to arguo tho thing, hut the men would not hear his ' words, and in tho middle of tho hubbub, Ned comes forward frankly and pays — ' ' Slossinates, I ha ve brought misfortune on the ship, and spoiled tlie yoyuge; lam willing to land.' : " On hearing this, Captain Purvis vrislied to folkny his nephow,.but they would notlet bim boeuuse ho; was : tho only good navigator 'thoy would hayo, . qftef . Ned" went away; in: tho ship. presently; the remaining, boat was launched;" and ; beefj. and .biscuit, iind water, ; suflloient for two ' . months at least, jyero put in her, with a musket and ' / ammunition, . and . a . shovel, that; Nod might havo tho means - of dig ging for water. Whou tho hoat shoved off, the sharks followed, on which Ned. pointing to thorn, shouted to his unclo to bo of "good cheer, for they would meet again, and that tlie BUip was now ireo ot baa omens. Xbe boat landed in a little covo, and Ned stopped oil shore with his guu in his hand. The men placed his provisions and the shorol upon' the beach, and shook hands with him; and' as thoy rowed book to tho ship, thoy , gave him it oheer for his stout heart. 'Well, when they were gone, Ned bogan to look around him, and truly ho was alono in n desolate place. Most of the island appeared to be sand, upon which, in some places, thero were groat hanks ot Bahama gross growing, and about a road from him tlioro was a little hill, with bushes in it, and ono vory old treo at tho top, What rejoiced Nod, howovor, was to see plenty of turtles sleeping on tho sand, and numerous birds. Well, lielivod hero nigh a fortnight, sleeping under a rook in a sort of cave, which was cool and plea sant, and looking out in vain for a ship." At this timo' tho Bharks kept oruising along tho shoro, und Ned used to amuso himself by flinging greal stones on them from- tho top of , rooks rising out of the' sea. Ono day, however, having olimbed tho littlo hill, and .sat down under the treo, he observed a ourious thing. Tlio treo, which must havo been dead nonr a contury, and whioli was nil covered with moss, had sovcral withered brnnohos, to which cross pieces of wood hod hcon rudely fastened, hut in sucli a way that, unless you looked vory olosoly, you would havo thought that such wns tlio natural growth of the treo. But at two hours, or tlioroby, of tor noon ovory day, thoeo branches cast shadows as of six crosses, all iu a circle on the sand. It . wus /.after Ned, observed this that ho olimbed tho' 'tree, and found tlmt tho crosses woro urtifioinl. Tlion all at once it struok him that thoy woro meant for marks, and then ho thought thut some thing might ho buried tlioro; Well, -mutes, off ho goos for his shovel, and sets to -work atonco. It wns hot work digging in that olimato, hut ho very soou scraped tho lid of a great cliost - made . of ironwood, and hound with hasps and.olosps of motal. . '» ' By all the stars ,' quoth Neil: ' who' "SniuWB'but'thiHiiri'oul-WmthOrDon'atrea-- suro chest.' " "Mutes, i boliovo it was. :-Nod soon wronahed tho lid off, aud there - he saw groat ingots and rough lumps of gold und preoious stones, just ns they were dug up from tho ininos in Cuba and Hispaniola by tho Indians for tbo Spaniards. Thero they bad lain for a hundred years, and no man tho wisor or tho bettor. " ' Aha,' says Nod, ' I would fain have you in England, but what um I to do with you hero?' . "Howovor, ho made shift to carry tlio wealth, lump by lump, down to liis cave near tlio Boa ; then ho brought tlie box, and stowed tho gold as beforo, oovoring ull over with looso sand. The very next morning, mates, Ned, on awaking, saw a small bark— lie did not know what sho was— becalmed, not a mile froni the , shoro, waiting for the son- brcezo. So he mountod a rock, fired his gun, waved a handkerchief, nnd shouted. Bro- sontly, a boat pulled off from tho hark, and Ned went down to -tho covo to moot her. Thore were a couple of men in the boat, of what nation I know not, but tho vessel to whioli thoy bolonged was a turtler, from one of tho largo windward islands — Martinieo, I boliovo. So Nod told them that ho had beon marooned for striking tiio quartermaster of tho ship in whioli ho sailed, and asked thorn if thoy would give him a pnssago to any port whero ho could ship for Englund. So tlio turtles consultod together, aud asked him if ho had wherewithal to pay his passngo. Upon which Ned, who oared nothing at all for money, took thorn into his oavo, and showed them tlio tronsare-olicst. At tho sight of it tho turtlors stared, ns well they might, and most readily agrocd to tako off Ned and his gold at onco. Tho three sot to work, and presently tho boat was loaded nlmost to tho water's edgo with riches. The tnrtlora went about like men in a dream, and thoy woro only roused from a sort of stupid bewilderment when they rowed the boutout of the cove and found lier so heavy that they feared slio s inuld be swamped by tho hcavo of tho flea. ,, '?","®d,! ' S!lTfl ono of them. 'See thero ; if tho hoat wcro to fill and go down. JJid you ever see more foarful-monsters? ' ."-lnd sure enough thero were Nod's old fnonas swimming ou easli aiffo of tlio bontj as though they woro appointed the guardians of tho treasure. However, no accident hap pened, -and as they nearod the turtling ship, tlio sailors cried out that they were coming on. hoard, with treasuro enough to buy a kingdom. " You may think for yourselves, mates, how the entire crew of the hark, which curried ahout half-a-dozen men, received their freight. Ned told tho simple truth us to how he had got it, and tho turtler, imme diately that tho sna-hrcezn came, stood away for JIartinico, tlie two sharks following us usual. Gold, mates, is a thing that makes demons! out of men. Tho big chest stood upon the deok, and tlio erow hung round it, nnd would hardly work tho ship._ Presently they began to haudlo and weigh ihe lumps, and dispnto about thoir value. Ned saw that a storm- was brewing, and fearing that ho would ha stabbed or flung overboard to tho sharks astern, so as to ha no bar to a distribution of tiio wealth, stood forward and said that tlioy were as much entitled to the gold as he, for if lie had found it, llicy -had givon him the means of turing it to use. Well, at this; speech- they' profosscd great satisfaction, and jswore that Ned -was an honest- man and a good , comrade, and that as lie- said, 'so it would bo - done. But it was clear that tiiey aU dis tritsted each othor.f.Nod saw them :whispering and. . caballing, '.and -oiico-'or twicG'" iro- observed a man" conceal ing :i knife in his -garment, so that the.' haft name handy to his grasp. All- this time tho sharks wore following steadily in . tho wake, und Ned did not like tho look of tiio weather, for great black clouds woro gathor- ing in tho sky. Still tho men woro looking souror aud sourer at cacli other, ana gradually drawing off iuto two parties, ono on each eido of timeliest, tho twain watching each other warily. Ned tried to remonstrate with them, nnd told them that thoy ought to: take in Bail, for tho weather looked threaten ing. But tlioy ordered him to mind his own business, and said thoy had not taken him on board to bo captain over them. So Nod silt on the weather bulwark, looking very un- easily to windward. Mates, you havo all seen a Bquall in theso seas, and you know how it comes. Tho weather getting vory thick, tho mou forming each group began to whisper, and thou, all at once, as if thoy had made up their minds, they gavo a, loud shout, and made a rush at the box ; as they did so, tlioy drew knives and snickor-sneos, ana cut ana ciioppcd at each other, strug- | gliug and cursing over tlio chest. Nod saw tho blood splash down on tho gold, and ho l-ushod forward to sopnrato tliom, crying out, ' Madmen that you sire — look out for tho squall first and fight afterwards.' " But it was too lato, mates. The sky got black,. and with a loud rour tho squall came, tearing up tbo sea before it, and in tho vory centre of the flying foam Ned swore ho saw Foul-Weather Don, with liis arms stretched forth, as if in triumph. In on instant tlio blast struck the sails, heaving tlie turtler bodily on her broadside,, and as sho lurched over, tho heavy box of trold fetched invar with a mighty surgo, and went crashing through and through tho frail bulwark,, and then with a great plunge down to the bottom of .tiio ocean, there to lio mates, oven until .tho day. when the sea shall give up its dead ! . All this passed in a moment, and tho next instant tho ship,! as though rolioved by having cast forth the guilty gold, righted with a heavy-roll, whioli sont the seamen sprawl ing across tho dock,, with thoir knives in their hands, and bloody gashes in their facos and limbs. Tlie squall was ovor, and tho sun burst out ; Ned rushed to tlie lco-boam, nnd saw, just whore tho gold had fallen into the sea, the bottom of a boat all oovcred with barnacles and sea-weed, which ho knew well. Sh e seemed lio w saturated and rotten with water, for tiie charm was off hor; mates ; and wliilo Ned gazed at lior, slio wont gradually down into the "great doptbs of tho sea, and the shnrks sunk out of sight with her. As they disappeared NikI felt a heavy load loavo-ihis heart, and ho thought that ha lmd got cheaply rid of it, ovon at the expense of tho gold. Tho curso was taken off him, and he rather surprised the turtlcrs, .who were standing looking very like fools, by cutting a set of capers on tho deck. The first thing they did was to'try for soundings, hut tho line ran out every fathom, and tho load .touched no bottom. So thoy lengthened the cord with evory picco of loose ropo in the ship, bnt tiio sea appeared un fathomable. The gold was sunk in a gulf from whioli no power of man could raise it ; and so at length, mutually cursing and' blaming each other, they wore the ship round und stood back to pursue their turtling cruise. From tiint timo to this, mates, no mariner has over seen Foul- Weather Don. Nod Purvis got sufoly baok to England, and, as I informed you alrendy, lio told this tale, aboard the Bristol ship, to him who mndo it 'known to mo. Regarding its truth, I leavo every man to judgo for himself." CHAPTER IX. the 'author, with sundry of his comrades, set out fob the creek where he left his barque, . and there bravely capture a spanish schooner. . Nearly a month passed away sinco the evening on which I listened to tho story of Foul-Weather Don, and no ship had yet passed within a dozen milos of tlio mouth of tho' bay. So all hands began to grow very impationt, and divers solioines woro proposed, s'nch as sliifting our quarters to some other point of tho const, whoro wo might, havo better luok. It wns then that I, for the first time, called to mind the boat which I had loft in.tlio crook, whoro I- first landed on tlio island. Now, us I had heard many stories of buccaneers putting to sea in boats or oiinoos, iind boarding and capturing Spunish vessels, . it . occurred to mo, that if wo could! get possession of the Frenchman's skiff, wo could divide our party between it and tho cituoo, leaving ample room for tho stowage of provisions nnd water' for a cruise. This solicmo I ' imparted to Stout Jem, by whom it was re ceived with approbation. Wo wcro uiiio in number,- well armed, and therefore, of quite 'fiuilioiont foteo to.captura' any' Spaniard, not a iran-of-fr" whillll Dknly to-JuIl- iri with.. -:It was ; thoroforo' resolved that Do Pidard," one of "bur -Frenchmen; Bluo Peter, and Nioky, should start, under my guidance, for tho covo to the westward, and if wo found the boat, should navigate lior round tho coast to tho bay, whoro the rest of tlio party would bo xiropared with provisions aud water, ready to stow on board, so that, in company with tho canoe, wo could put to sea at once. No timo was lost 'in putting the scheme into exoontion. Mcinheer, who know soractliiug of sail-making, cut out a small square sail or lug, which wo wcro to carry witli us, and which, would suit tho boat, it boing easy for us to fashion a mast and yard after wo liud found her. Wo also curried a good-sized kog for wator, and a small quantity of hoof und cassava broad, trusting chiefly to our guns for our subsistence. Wo sot out by moonlight, intending to Bloop during tho licat of tlio day ; nnd after au hour's trudgo through tho wot grass and buBhes, which wcro quito drenched with tho copious dows, passed tho spot where lay the buccaneers who lmd boon hauged by tlio Spaniards. Truly our poor comrados slopt in a tranquil resting - place — a spot of greenest grass, with feathery palms over head, bending nnd rustling in tho night wind. Wo stoppod to rest, when tho sun rose, until thn seu-brcezo should sot ' in, watching its coming from benoath a thick mango-tree, whonco wo could look down upon tho blue sea beneath. After tim land-breoze flickered and failod, thero was a pause, during which tho sun shone with blistering powor. ' Then, far off, on the glassy surface of tbo soa, camo tho dnrk .liclt of roughohed wator, streaked with white, which , prbalaitos tho daily roturu of tho brisk north- westerly trade, und in half tin hour moro it was whistling through tho bushes in half a gale of wind. We dined this day by the little runnel whero I bad kilted the duck, aud then travelled until sunset, when we ouoainpod in our blankets, well worn oiit by our luug day's march. Tho journoy- to tho covo waa fatiguing, but porfortnod without nny parti cular adventure. "Wo sometimes saw wild cattle nnd heard tho cry of wild dogs, and I observed, wlioa wo got glimpses of the sea, numerous great brown pelicans, flapping lioavuy ovor tlio water, somowliat like tlio cranes on our own coasts, and often diving down with a splash into tlio sea niter tho fish, which tlioy mark from a groat height. In the afternoon of tho second day I reckoned that wo could not ho far from "tho cove, but tho exact spot was , difficult to hit, as tlio general appearance of. tho coast hcrcahonts was vory similar, and the tangled growth of underwood prevented us from always keeping so closo to tho edge of tlio sea-cliff as wo othsrwiso Bliould havo done. Wo had trudged along all the afternoon, kccijing a sharp look-out, and sometimes forcing otir way with our great knives through tlio creepers and brushwood, so as to ho nblo to gaze down tiio iron-bound soa wall to whoro tho groat driving swells woro rising and sinking upon tlio rock, and foaming furiously ovor ovory projecting poatl and piu- naoloof stone; wlicu, having stopped to hold a consultation — for I was now becoming very fearful that wo liad overshot our 'mgfk- wa;'.-'all,-8uddpiilt,. hoard tbo report of a musket or fowling - piece, fired not far off. This lorribly disconcerted ns, for wo know tlint the covo could, not bo ' distant, and wo feared that' too secret, of its existence wns not known to' me nlono.. How- over, wo withdrew into tlio thicket, whoro wo could not woll. . bo discovered, and lay closo. ' 'In tho cohrso of tho-' iiext hour, wo heard three shots fired from different points around us, and discoursed: eagerly us . to - whether,;, they woro probably. .Buccaneers;.- or, Spaniards who wore hunting in the neighbourhood.. : 'A; ullcvcuts.woitow despaired of recovering the boat, inasmuch as' tho great chance v.-as that tho hunters had landed in .my covo, as I.ealled it, 'mid would, of course, appropriate tho skiff, if slio still lay there, to their own ppposog. TVhiIo wo were talking lowly among ourselves, Bluo. Peter,' tho Mosquito-man, suddonly started' up oil his knees, and told us to listen. Wo did so vory intently, and presently hoard a rustling nnd a snapping of dry twigs in tho wood, hut although wo looked ''with nil our eyes, wo oould soo nothing. "Tush!" says Nicky; "you aro a fool, Potor, und tako a wild pig for a Spaniard." But tho Indian seized liis piece, cocked it, and suddonly levelling it, fired, before wo could prevent him. " Hush .' " quoth lie, very earnestly, "hush! and wo will be safe." " Safo 1" said Nicky. "Why, if tliey aro Spaniards, thoy will bo down' upon us in a twinkling." "No," replied tlio Mosquito-man, "110, no ! They shooting nil round ; think mv gnu ouo ot their camurudos — oil i "Tho man is right," sairl; Lo . I'ioard. "But what, in the uamo of tho (liable, have you fired at ?" "Mo show you !" said Bluo Peter ; and ho crawled into tho underwood so circumspectly that oao scarcely hoard a rustle, and pre sently, returning, flung the body of a lingo dog among us. "A Spanish blood-hound!" exclaimed Nicky; and wo all recognised the fawn colour, with grim, black muzzle, uudthegroat muscular limbs of tho animal, liut to put all quostion aside, tho creature wore a leather collar, with a brass plate, on which was inscribed tlio name, " Manuel G-. Alcansas," so .it was quito clear that wo were sur rounded by a hunting party of tbo euoiny, and that, had it not been for tho keen cyo of tho Indian, who observed the blood-hound, and shot it almost when it was in tbo act of giving tonguo, v.-o should pro bably havo been mussacred. . Wo were all tolerably startled, aiul, after a hurried consultation, agreed that wo might as woll lio close where wo were as attempt to shift to loss dangerous quarters, as by moving wo might unwittingly ruu into tho vory jawB of death. At lust we decided to climb up certain trees,, tiio branches whereof inter laced, Blue leter . having first cut tho throat of . tho. dog, and scattered tho blood copiously around, ' -so. that 'it i would om- barrass'aiid destroy the scout of rniy utii'nr hbHiid -whioh might pass that .way. IIo then filing tho body up into tlio brauobes of a troo. Not long, after we hoard a voice hallooing loudly, as wo suppusod for tho slaiu dog, aud some other shots wcro tired at a distance. Howovor, the sun sank and tho stars shone down through the leaves, aud wo still remained uumolosted. Making ourselves as comfortable as our position would parmit, wo munched our supper, of which, however, we onnldent but little, for wo suffered much from thirst. Fortunately, there was water enough in the keg to afford us a few mouthfuls apioco, but wb were afraid to straggle abroad in sodrch of moro. With the grey dawu wo wcro afoot, cautiously exploring tho locality, and I had much ado to restrain a sudden burst of ox- clamntion when I recognised the little bill, to tho top of which I had climbed to look around, after scrambling up tiio precipitous banks of tho covo. I now know whereabouts wo woro, almost to a yard, and carefully guidiug tho rest,- and taking great liocd to mako no noise, wo made our way to tho top of tho vory scaur or ravine up which I liad crept from the wilder. It was not easy, how ovor, to mako out wliothor tho covo wus empty, for tho morning was yet dim and gray, and tho trees grow'tUiok bolow. Wo prococded, however, moving in siuglo flio along tho odgo of tiio rock, which, as tho reactor remembers, was thickly covered with wood, such as buslies nud parasitical plants, with great trees growing out of tho rifts and orucka in tho oliff, and bonding ovor tho wator so that tho branches of those on botli sidos interlacing, quito canopied tlio still deop sea benoath. As wo clambered oil by the edge of tlio procipioo, a sound suddenly struck my oar with which I was too woll acquainted to boonsily docoivod — it was tlio flap of canvas. Nioky hoard Jt as well as myself, and wo all pausod. Tlio land wind was just beginning to dio out, and only camo in heavy dunk puff's down from tho hills. . Wo waited .for. tho -next gusti; it ''shook'- tho' dow froni ; tho; bruuehes in d groat sparkling shower, aud gave a grout rustle, as;-, it were, down tlio ravine, In tlio middlo of which ' we aguin heard tlio flap ' of canvas, and a rattlo iis.' of reef points agaiust a sail. Being guidol by tho sound, wo proceeded a fow pacos onwards, and tlion coming to a comparatively clear bit of ground; wo brawled upon our belliosito the .edge of tlio cfiff, and tlir()ugh :tio'rtpo«C 'und houghs saw a small Vessel with' two masts, of tlio class called schooners, beneath, Sho was moored in tho very centra. of the cove, very snugly, being mndo fast by four hawsers, two a-licnd iiud two nstcru, to tiio trunks of trees growing near tho water on oithnr bank. Slio had two boats in tiio water, floating by bcr main ohains, and one of them I immediately recognised to bo tiio object of our journey. Hero, thon, was tho vessel to whom tiiohuntors, whoso gnus we had heard, ovidontiy belonged; and, indeed, without other evidence, Nioky and .Lo I'icard know onough about tlio fashion of tlioso seas to bo suro that tlio sohoonor was Spanish built, she being, possibly, a fishing vessel from Cuba, although what slio did on tho coust horo wo could not woll imagiiio. Tho question now, howovor, wus how wo woro to UUwt AUIUIiiHg 8iitui.ie>ibar ttu uuuut iu security, tlioro wis not a singlo man uvrako upon dock; but several stout fellows woro lying oslcop on undor canvas and tarpaulins upon tho forecastle. Presently, uftor wo laid gazed our fill upon tho schooner, Nioky asked our opinion as to whether it would bo possible to olamber down to tho water's edgo, nnd mako oil' with both boats before tho crow awoke. But Lo Picard thought tho risk too great. Besides, ho argued, when thoy miss tho boats, thoy can chaso us out to soa in tho schooner, whero wo would infallibly ho taken. While they woro talking. I was turning ovor auothor plan in my owii mind. ' Instead of tnkiug tho boats," quoth X, why ahduld wo not take tho ship ?M . At this thoy ull started, and' reminded t mo that wo woro hut four men, whereas tlio Spimiords raight well bo a - dozen i and thoy had dogs, too, fierce bloodhounds, of whioh Lo. Picard, in partioulur, profosscd a groat horror. "Look you, "quoth I, "this is my plan. Yosterday tlio Spaniards wero hunting ashore,' and to-day it is very liko thut thoy will renew thoir ; pastlmo, leaving, perhaps, only ouo sun, or perhaps not oven that, to tako olmrgo of tlio schooner, for you seo thut slio is | moorod very sufoly, and with her bows pointing down the ercuk so us to bo ready tor a Bturfc. Now, look at lier rigging ; sec, her jib can bo hoisted in a moment, and .hor foro and mainsails can be sot morely by lotting go tho brails, 'and -running aft tho sheets ; for you observe that the gulfs are already hoisted, therefore the schooner is ready for sea. No?. I. know, in a general manner, tho direction of tho cove below. It runs for a littlo way parallel to tho coast and then turns to the right, and so opens up into tho sea. "WJiat is fchuro to prevent us boarding tho senbemor when sho is loft almost, if not quito, undefended, and so carryiug her away Thoy all applauded this design, and tlie moro wo talked of it tho bettor it seomcd to be. Tho schooner was a trim-looking vessel, such as tho Spauiurds can build vory woll, and wo judged from her shape that sho was oxcoeding fast as well us easy to manage. .Besides, tho greater length of tho covo running westward, what puffs of sea-breezo traversed it would bo in our favour, and although thero would necessarily bo some risk whon wo had passed tho elbow, nnl camo to got tho ship out iu face of tho swoll, yet wo determined at all events to mako tho oxporimcnt. Nothing venture nothing have, so we shook hands gaily, and thanked our stars for such a slico of good luck. As in many other adventures, tlie first and most difficult duty which wb had to perform was to wait, so wo ensconced ourselves in thick bushes, whoro -wo could soo without being cosily discerned, and- watched tbo Spaniards as keenly as hawks do larks. Tho sun was above tho horizon about' half-an- Iiour, when a man. issued from the cabin, nnd tapped tlio deck loudly with u handspilco. At this summons tho sluggards on tho forccustlo bogan to stir themselves, and to orawl forth, ono by ono, yawuiug from under tho sails, and presently threo or four bloodhounds, who soomcd to havo been sleeping among them, enme whiuitig and stretching themselves from thoir warm nests. The man who lmd wakened tho rest then went round tlio schooner, and appeared to examine the stato of tlm moorings. Tho aspect of things seemed to satisfy him, for lie went below, and pre sently the crew liad their breakfast, which thoy ate 011 deck — a couple of howls of cocoa or sorao such beverage, being carried aft to tho. cabin. Soon uftor this wo observed with great delight a number of muskets and pistols brought ou deck, at tho sight of which tho grim bloodhounds yelped and bayed. Tho captain, as we called him thon, appeared again ; and after along discourse, carried on with a great deal of gesticulation, tho whole crow gathering round and handling tho arms, tho bloodhounds woro fed, and tho skiff— my skiff — hauled alongside, no doubt to convoy tho hunters on tlie shoro Tho eiLnfcnln t.hnn seemed to be giving orders to one of tho crow, a flfcout fellow, who woro a great striped woollen cap and had a long un sheathed knife in his girdle, and thou tho whole party, excepting tho fellow with tho knife and cap, tumbled into tho boat, tho bloodhounds leaping iu along with them, and rowed towards the extreme head of tlio creek. The Spaniards numbered about a dozen, without including a boy whom thoy had with them, and of course weighed down the skill until her gunwale was almost at tlio water's edge. "Wb were for a little timo in soino perturbation, lest they should chance to como our way. "We hoard tliotn shouting, and laughing, and crashing through the houghs, as they made thoir way up tho steep hanks of the creek, aud thou tno hoat cnmc floating down again to tho schooner, with tho boy . puddliug hor. Meantime, tho man with tho striped cap hud disappeared in a littlo cook-house or caboose, from tho funnel of which a smoke began to rise ; and the boy, having mndo fast the boat, went aft to tlio cabin, and presently returned with the bowls, which wo liad seen carried thither, empty. Now, as wo had seen hut ono mau coino out of this cabin, and as breakfast had beon sorvod there for two, wc ennsidcrod. thut there were throe persons left iu charge of tiro ship, but that- ono of those wiw probably, sick- or disabled. Whilo we' were makin'g thoso observations, tlio reader may bo sure' chat we also listened attentively, iu ordor to find out in what direction tho hunting party had proceeded: and presently, hearing suouts aud the reports of guns very faintly, aud gradually becoming moro so, until they were no longer audible, we cougratulatod ourselves that the huuters wcro out of the way, and tlmt so far, our task would ho easy. The uext point was, how to get on hoard tho schooner so suddenly and so quietly as to leavo those in cimrgo of her no opportunity of triving an alarm. First wo thought of swimming, but tlio Picard was not skilful at this exercise ; und, besides, we saw the backs and snouts of several caymans moving about iu the water. Then Nioky proposed to swing our selves aboard, by means of the warps, fixed to tho trees ; but, on close examination, we found tho banks so precipitous, that it would bo vory difficult to make nur way to tho ropes, without giving an alarm. SVe woro thus in considerable perplexity, fairing our scheme would miscarry in tho very outset, when I observed a moans whoroby wo might, although at some risk, accomplish our cud. I have said that tbo covo or crock was so narrow that tho brauches of tho great trcos, growing iu tho rifts of tho roolc ou oitiiur side, mot aud interlaced, aud from these branches hung porpcndioulnvly, liko great ropes, mauy long tendrils or withes, vory tough und strong. Now, us it chanced, ono of these, depending from a stout branch, swung closo by tho foro- top- mast head of the schooner, dangling in deed to the cross -trees. I pointed this out to my comrades, und they ull ugroed tlmt it would bo vory possible to clamber out upou tho bough, and slide down tho withe into tho rigging ; but that tho dock must bo dear whon we mudo the attempt, othonviso wo could not fail of being discovered. It was fortunato, thoroforo, that tho man with tho striped cap continued in the cook-house, whoro wo heard him clattering, amongst pots aud pahs, and concluded that ho was prepar ing a meal for the men ashore. 31'ut, us Nicky said, when one cooks a dinnor, ono never knows who may cut it. Tho boy remained about tho dock for some time, hut at length went into tho cabin, aud, staying there, wo concluded to mako the vontuvo. Fastening our guus , across our shoulders, wo, again shook hands, and.'.vwed .to' stapdbyaatofchp we oropt ciiuttoiisly. along, until.wo came to tho treo froni which spraugtlio grout brauch, which wo looked to be tho first stage yf our journoy to the schooner's deck. This troo grow about a fathom beneath tho edgo of tho rook, hut it was easy to swing oursolves dowu to it, by tho matted vegetation, which clung to tho face of tho stone. Then, one after another, wo crawled out upon tho bough, which shook a little, but bore us bravely. Tho schooner was now right below, and not a living tbiug stirring on her decks. I wns tho first man, nud Nicky was at my heels. The Indian camo noxt, and tho Frouolunan brought up the rear. All of us whites being sailors, tho feat was not difficult; and ns for tho Mosquito man, ho could climb liko n oat. Having satisfied myself that tho wifcho was well attached to tlio bough, I first twined my legs round tho termor, and then grasping it, slid easily down, until my feet feet touohed the erosstrces of tho Spanish schooner, and in a moment my comrades woro clustering around mo, no ulann being as yet oxoitcd. After pausing a moment to got a firm grip of tho stays, I gavo the word, and tho whole four slid liko lightning dowu tho ropes, hand over hand, us sailors say, and camo with a great bounce upon dock together. The Picard instantly leaped to tho cook-houso, and the Spaniard comiug out at tlio sumo moment, tho Frenchman dealt bim a blow with tho butt-end of a heavy pistol, which filing him backwards, quito stunned, upou tho deck, while Nicky und I rau to tho cabin, meeting ut the threshold the boy, ytud a comely woman, .very - dark, iind with- tbo blackest oyes I ever saw, who directly sot up a great .shriek of dismay. But" Nicky "and I, pointiug to the cabin, and drawing forth pistols, made them, understand tlmt, they must go below, and bo silent, as they valued their lives. The r.boy slunk back directly, and tho womuu turned to a livid paleness, und, swooulng | away, would havo i'ullon down tho ladder, but wo supported her aud laid her on tho cabin floor ; then, directly running on deck, wo shut down the hutch. AH this hardly occupied a moment; and, seeing Le Pick:n«l nnd JUue Peter cutting tho warps forward, wo drew our knives, and working with good will, soon severed tho tough piles uf hemp, aft, and the schooner was unmoored. "Wc waited a nmmont with great impaiieuce, to see if she would drift, but, remaining stationary, we ran up the jib, and Slackened tho brails of tbo mainsail, so us, without actually setting tlio sail, to expose a good bre:idth of canvas, but it hung idly ; tho sea breeze had not yet set in, or if it had it did not : reaoli us in tbo depth of the crock. "We therefore flung a long lino into tho lightest of the two boats nloug.side, und Blue Peter and Nicky leaping into it, pulled with all their strength for tlio elbow at which tho creek teuded seawards, and made tho lino fast to a tree thero, whilo He Picard und I hauled upon tho warp, and soon saw thut tlio schooner was obeying tho impulse thus given to her, and slowly moving through the water. Iu a twinkling, our comrades leaped ou board again, and added their strength to ours, all of us working with clenched tooth and breathless . eagerness. Just then, turning to look ut tlio wounded Spaniard, who was sprawling upon the deck, I felt a breath of cool air on my face, the jib-sheet rattled, the light canvas swelled out, and in a moment the mainsail moved out of its sleopy folds, and tlio warp upon which wo wcro hauling slackened. Tho schooner folfc tbo puff, and I ran aft and took the helm, steering lior in oloso by tho starboard - shore, which, when wo turned seawards; would bo the weather sido of tlio' coy c. , The : mingled trees and rocks 'seemet1 to glide, away' from us. I looked over the side, and > saw the bubbles rippling in tho transparent wator; and as I lifted- my bond again, I started with'" delight to feel the first heaving of tho schooner, as sho began to meet tho lazy swell. Tlie elbow, or turn of tho creek, was not more than the length of the schooner ahead of us, and my thrco comrades all ran to tho bows to watch tho depth of water, and shouted that we might graze tho rocks. Therefore 1' ported my helm, so us to send- the vessel closo in, und just as we slowly opened the corner I put tho tiller, hard down, and being, fortunately, a very handy craft for steering, sho gradually swung round, and wo all uttered a shout to gether as wo saw, at the end of a short rooky passage, tho open sea, streaked with tho white bars of breaking waves. But wo woro not out yet : almost immediately on rounding tho point of the creek a gust of the soa breeze struck us ou tho stavbourd hows, making tho jib rattlo and flap liko thunder, and diroctly tho head of the schooner foil off towards r.horoekB on tbo leowurd side. Tho Frenchman exclaimed that wo must tako to tho boats after all, but Nicky answered him, " Yes — but only to carry a warp to tho rocks at the mouth of tlio creek I" No sooner said than done. Another lino was flung iuto the skiff, and Nicky nnd tho Indian went with three strokes to the weather extremity of the creek. Here tho surf was boating violently,' comiug with great lashing surges round the cornor of tho cliff, uud causing tho wator to rise nnd faU more than a fathom with every undulation of tho seaj Hero was a jagged pimmelo of rock bcnteii by tho waves, 'which every now and tlicii burst right above it ; over this tho Iudiuii with great dexterity cast a looso hitch of tho lino; while wc on board, running to the schooner's hows, hauled upon it as beforo. It was lucky for us that the sea? breeze only blew up the . ravine in uncertain puffs, and that tho place was full of counter- curreufcs and eddies of air, which first filled our sails ono way and then another, as wo heaved and rolled upon the broken swells which' dashed from side to sido of the channel. We worked at tho warp liko dcsponito men, as, indeed, wo were. Fvery now and then a sudden toss uf the water would fling us back ; but then the counter reflection of tlio suns from tho opposite wall of rock would jerk us forward, und wc soon found that wol wcro gradually making our , i way tbwards jihb moutli of tho cove, keeping ' so close to the weather side that every now nnd then tlie mastB, when fiuug over to stnr- boui'd, rattled 'among the bushes overhead, and sent down showers of leaves, which would fly in uncertain whirls nnd dives amongst thu rigging. At last, tbo deuNive moment came. In a minuto wo would be hovo upon the Icow.ird outnuico of tho cove, or be out clear at sea. I rau again to tako tho lielm. Li l'icard and the Indian, runuing to the weather foro-chains, gave a last surge upon the lino by way of a launch. The schooner's head plunged into the trough of thu sou, not. a fathom from tlio rocks, aud us sho rose — h»>r Imiwh drew beyond tho shelter of the cove — tho full blast of tho sea brwzo caught her jib— and her hcadswung again to leeward. M Help her with the foresail, comrades !" 1 shouted. They liad anticipated me — thu Indian letting go tho brails, aud then help ing the whiten to draw aft tlie sheet. Tho sail surged ana flapped so as to shake the schooner to lier very lceu!, and tlio great shoot - block jerked madly to uud fro with hounds which would have dashed through a strong wall. lint, still, though thoj' could not yut master the c:uivny tho schoonor was not in sensible to its lifting powor, and I fell bcr, as sho rose with her broadside to a great oloar sea, gather way, and start as it were from under 1110. Thero was just a moment of terrible suspense. The musts bout to lee ward unt.il tliuir trucks wcro within a couple of fathoms of tlio lee promontory. You could almost leap on tho great rough masses of wet stone which lav closo a«benm, and then in a mumout tho schoonor rose to another sua, all three sails now bellying to tho wind, und onco moro hovo clear oM.be land, although I saw through tho clear water a glimpse of reef undor our counter, which tho keel must have scraped, and although tho head of tho mainmast actually tore away tho projecting branch of a great prickly bush which wun waving and dancing in tbo wind. We were drawing our first doep breath after our peril when I board u groat shout . 'Above mo, und, startiug round, I saw botwoen nie and tho sky tho figure of a man standing with a guu upon tlio very verge of the proeipiuo which formed the line of count. Ho directly fired his piece, aud set up a loud outcry to his comrades, threo or four of whom directly joined .him, aud fired !a volley at u.s, which <lid no damage. So wo bur lidts gave them a loud, chccr, und told them that if thoy wautod their schooner, they might swim after us, und thon wo would consider tho matter. Tlioy mudo violent gestures, but tho sea broozo blowing so freshly, carried hack thoir voices,, and wo know not what thoy said. Carrying on as wo best could with our ill-set sails, until wo had made a good half mile oiling, wo luffed tho schoonor up into tho wind, and with some trouble, got thu oanvuN properly oxtendod; then putting tho hulm hard down, wo got the jib-sheet to windward, and so lay to, danuing and surging merrily upou tho sua. Vn» in: COVTI?fCKI».l 