Cycling. Notes by Spannbb On Saturday - afternoon last the Brisbane BioyclingClub closed the active season of the dab. The attendance was not as large as was expected, only 11 patting in an appearance. ~ ' at a little w The day was fine bat a little warm, and there fore only a short ran roand town and the near suburbs was undertaken. A start was made shortly after 3 p m., and the route eeUc ed was by Breakfast Creek road 1o Brook street, over Bo wen Hills to the hospital; thence by Gregory and Petrie terraces to Roma street and by George and Alice streets to the bath*. A weloomo and pleasant swim was here iudu'ged in and greatly refreshed the travellers. A start was made for the traok at the creek, and a pleasant hour was spent on tbe raoiog path, during which some good spurting was exhibited by soveral membr r*. George Dobbyn was oat on his woer, a.d did some useful work. Ho has improved a lot since wo saw him on the track in August. Shortly After 6 o'olook a move was mado for the Breakfast Creek Hotel, where a dinn< r had been provided by Host Galloway. 1 am sorry to say there was not so largo an attendance at this gathering as there was on the occasion of the opening day, when 58 eat down to dinner. After the good things had boon dose justice to (and that can be undertaken by C) cliars), tho club's captain, who ocoupied the chiir, made a few remarks on the doings of the season just closing, and said that it was to be regretted that aftor Bach good attendances at tho dab runs, and the general activity and interest shown by tbe majority of members in tbe club's movements (especially at the earlier part of the season), the B.B.C. could not lay claim to a credit balance at thu b-»nk. Nevertheless it was4* a faint heart that nover won a f4ic lady,'* and he for one felt confident of the success of the finanoeB of the club before the balance-theet was placed before thttn. Before coaoluding he took the opportunity of .drawing tho attention of those preseut to*the visit of Mr. Pobbyn to Kooklismp'on last month, when ho ao creditably upheld the houonr of South Queensland by winning tho. four races he started in, ana as ho wan the first cyclist to visit that town from hero in a racing capacity, ho oon tidcred Mr- Dobbyn held a position of honour, for in tho near future ho was sure a good deal of this visiting would bo undertaken. Mr. Dobbyn wag given three hearty cboers. In response iiat gentleman said ho fully realised ana &o; * the honour, and einoerely thanked those present for their ftftVcDlMffiii b&;Heartily welcoming him bach to Brietttse. ' He said Mi had Dot to work so hard in Bockhamptoo lor his wins as he had in Brisbane* hot he went np with the icrteatiea oi doing his best, and he hal done it. Ho farther raid that the cydhts at Bockhaxnpton had treated bhn very kindly, and had done all in their power to make his visit a pleasant one, and should any of our boys be of a visiting torn of mind ho would advise them not to overlook that town. After dinner the evening was spent in muflio &o; , And a very pleasant feature of tba eveirnig'a amusement was the rendering of Sbakespeaf sVBichard III. by Mr. Bobbyn, who had kindly bforfcht down his costume for the occasion. His impersonations were exiued ingly good, especially that in the ghost scene* The little party broke up abcftft II p m. On Friday night Dobbyn was fflet at the wharf by a number of cyclists, who went down for the purpose of welcoming him back from Bock hampton.- He was loudly cheered on the Bur Wah nearing the whan, and someone waft heard to call out "let Dobbyn at the wheel," but the Captain evidently not knowing he had ft master mariffef— I mean a wheelman—aboard, preferred to keep the bridge to himself. Thus an English paper s " We have heard a great deal about the artificial leading of light bicycles to increase their weight to the limit allowed for (roadster races,' hut an Australian amateur recently capped all auch performances by riding a facing machine with no less than Iff Its. of lead affixed to its axle." Attention to miootiw is (says a writer) one of the chief duties of the cyotisfc if- be would use his wheels with comfort and safety- There are far too many even old hands at the game who are indlhred to let hearings run loose, chains slack, or bolts untaut, just for the sake of being able to bodri that for suoh and suefi a time no spanner has been used on the machine* or that it has traversed so many thousand miles without requiring adjustment. This sort of boast is io nearly every ciae A very empty one, for a slight examination of the cycle in ques tion wiil reveal many things that have been un heeded by the owner. It is a false economy that forbids the liberal use of the spanner. As soon as any bearing shows signs of being woin, the shake thould be instantly taken up, and s tittle attention to this will ensure the machine not only a longer life but easierronnlng powers. The bearing that is left to run loose will almost inevitably wear nntrae, and when that is accomplished it is a very difficult matter to reotify. Sometimes a bearing will run 500 or 1,000 Trtilpjr without requiring any attention beyond an occasional drop of oil, while the next 100 miles will develop a noticeable shake. Should this happen, thff bearing ought instantly to be adjusted, and thus keep the halls and adjusting cones well no to their work. Ths slight attention needed to ensure ooxxecipess in these tittle matters will always more than re pay the time expended. CharleB Clugbe broke the bicycle record fof 25 miles at New York last month, doing the distanoe in 1 hour 26 minutes 40 seoonds. The Humber machines have now won every English Union Championship this season, these being four ordinary bfoyele, four Safetv. and three tricycle events—a record 'this ola established firm may well be pleased with. The Suburban Bicycle Club held a hDl climbing contest up the Baden Baden Hill a& Cuogee on Saturday week last, which was wos by A. E. Tcend, with H. A. Mutton second* The prizes were a gold medal presented by Mr* W. Hamilton, and a silver one given by the olub. The road web in a disgraceful condi tion, and none of the competitors succeeded in reaching the top. Mr. James Copland, oaptain oi the Sydney B.C , aoted as judge, and Captain Davies, of the Suburbans, as 8 tarter. It is, and always has been, a deplorable pity that the young and aspiring athletes of our city should go into the various branches of sport in the manner they do. I mean, for instance, that one man should try to be a rower, a runner, a cyclist, a footballer, and a cricketer, &o.; I believe in all these different sports my telf, and am an ardent lover of each of ihem; but 1 must say it is a matter of impossibility for any one man to excel in them all unlaw he has nothiog else to do all day but attend to them, and even then it is a great difficulty I have noticed this season eveo, for example, where several of our looa wheelmen have tried to attend to club runs and the football field in the earl/ part of the season, and to cricket, boating, and the club's runs and its other doing? in the latter end of the season, and I must confess, after carefully looking into it, I am unable to note one case which has not terminated in a miserable failure. A few weeks ago a club secretary and its bugler de.'trtcd the ran* s lor the eaiting world. Beferriog to the wonderful success which baB been attained by the Humber machines, the Cyclist say4 : "In commenting upon Messrs. Hambet sid Co.'s marvellous championship record this year, we might have referred to the wonderful number of time records held by the machines of this firm, or rather, it ®bould bo said, hold by men who ride Humbers of all types. At the present moment the record ledger shows no leSB than 380 records, which total is made up aB follows: Ordinary biovcle, 160 ; pafety, 56 j tricyole, 164\. Of th;s host 346 bsvo been ridden on Hamber ovelts by the Boistou firm. It seems ti ue nothing short of wonderful that, with so many large firms in th** t-ade so large & pro portion of the •berte* should he hddbyono house. It h-i" been ass-i-ted in reveral quarters that jMessrs. Humber a d Co lay ihemselvesout particularly for these hououcs, but this is not so. There is not a * or loaned: Humber racing raaohire on the Kngli&li; racing path. In these days protoetvn.Al nud amateurs alike have to pay hard cni?h for their Humber mounts." The following is taken from OyclofiloV notes in the ficftive: A cycling competition was recently held tit Altoar, England, by tho 1st B.K.L. Regiment, and as it was the first of it* kind held on the range, it produced great interest. The con ditions were that eaoh competitor should mount his maohine at 200 yards, and ride 800 yards : yards .down the range and back to the 260 Tarda range, covering altogether nearly a mile. : On arriving at thiapTaoeeaoh rider dismounted -an&fixed;^Q .shots at * third-class regulation •target, /ilia time allowed for each competitor was 10 minutes, each competitor to paBS the •trthning pest with his ride slang and in pes session of all articles with which be eterted. Notwithstanding the heavy nature of the course,' owing to heavy rain which fell during the afternoon, all the competitors rode the . course in the required time. '• I hear of 80me movement being afoot to organise a firemen's corps in Brisbane. Already . the bioyclo has been nsed and to great suo oesa by Mr. W. Eddie, of the South Bris ; bane Fire .Brigade, and he asserts that since he : took to the bicycle there has not been n fire at which ho did not arrive first on the scone. It ■I would be a pretty sight to see a corps of fireman cyeiista going at top speed to a fire, and no \- doubt it would save much property as a great "deal of work could be dono before the reel arrived,.and there would be no time lost in harnessing up, as the bllres would always be in : _ readiness. At Adelaide on Ootober 11 the Australian 10-mile amateur ohampionBhip resulted in a magnificent contest. B. Daveis just managing to beat Howard I.ewia for first place. Time: 29J mina. The New South WaleB represen tative, W. L. Kerr, had the misfortune to. fall when a mile from home, all tho riders then being in a bnnob. Kerr escaped with a slight shaking. ' 