An Ocean Tragedy, Br W. CLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER XXV1. WI?FBID'S DELUSIOSN. Ix was pleasant to learn next morning thatthe breeze which had been slipping us nimbly through it since we had trimmed sail for our homeward-boundrun had not only blown steadily all night, giving us anaverage of some seven knots an hour, but had gathered a little in crease of weight at sunrise, so that I awoke to as much life in the vessel in the resonant humming from aloft, the quick wash and eager seething of recoil ing seas, the straining noises of strong fastenings to the sloping of the spars as though the north-east trades were pour ing full upon the starboard bow and we were buzzing through the cool Atlantic parallels within a distance of soundings that would render talk about Southampton and arriving home reasonable. For my part ever since we had pene trated these "doldrums," as they are called, I was dreading the long dead calms of the frizzling belt where a catspaw is hailed in God's name and where the roasting eye of the sun sucks out the very blue of the atmosphere till the heavens go down in a brassy dazzle to the ocean confines as though one were shut up in a huge, burnished bell with a white-hot clapper for light. My spirits were good as I sprang out of my bunk and made for the bath-room. It was not only that the fresh wind whistling hot tlrough the open scuttle of my berth caused me to think of home as lying at last fairly over the bow instead of over the stern as it had been for weeks; the object of this trip, such asmit was, had been achieved ; there was nothing more to keep a look-out for; nothing more to hold one's expectations tautened to cracking point. Everything that was material had happened on the preceding morning, and the toss of the colonel's body last night over the gangway by lantern light with Lady Monson looking on was like the drop of the black curtain : it was the end of the tragedy; the orchestra had filed out, the lights were extinguished, and we could now pass into heaven's invigorating air and live again the old easy life of commnonplaces. So ran my thoughts as I emerged from my berth with a very good appetite and mademy way to the sparkling breakfast table. I seated myself on a couch wait ing for Wilfrid and Miss Laura ; the stewards hung about ready to serve the meal. I called the head one to me and said, "Is there any chance of Lady lMon son joining us at table, do you know " "I think not, sir,!' he answered. " Who attends to her-I mean as re g?rds her meats 7 " `Miss Jennings' maid, sir. She told me this morning her ladyships's, orders are that a seperate tray should le pre pared for her for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Her breakfast was taken to her about ten minutes ago." "So I may presume," said I, i"that she finds herself pretty well this morning? And my cousin, steward?" "Iwastotellyou, sir," he answered, "that Sir Wilfrid will not come to table." "How is he " "Ho didn't complain, sir; just said "I'llbreakfast in my cabin this morn ing s" All right, said 1, and tLo man smo retired. There was nothing unusual in Wilfrid ting breakfasting in his cabin. I was glad to wea hear that he did not complain; as a rule phe he was very candidif in suffering; owned as i reely to whatever troubled him, however dor riffing, and made much of it. am In a few minutes Miss Laura came cof from her berth. Her face had the the delicacy of look that in her at all events wh I took to express a troubled or sleepless ] night. Her eyelids were a little heavy; at her lips wanted their dewy freshness of sm hue. Yet no woman, I thought, could lig ever show sweeter than she as she fac advanced and took my hand smiling up wa at me and subtly incensing the atms- an phere with a flower-like fragrance that wa had nothing whatever to do with the as scent bottle. I told her that Wilfrid pr would not breakfast withus and we seated de ourselves. br "He is well, I hope 1" n "Oh, I should think so, if I may ge judge from what the steward tells me. m I'll look in upon him after breakfast. qi Have you seen Lady Monson this morn- tli ing " g "No," she answered, " Isent my maid m with a message and the reply was that ir Lady Monson wishes to be alone." I "Now, Miss Jennings," said I gently sl but with some emphasis, "you must let si nothing that Lady Monson doesvex you. u You have done your duty; she is on board this yacht; I shall grow fretful if p think you intend to waste a single breath of'the sweetness of your heart upon the arid air of Madam Henrietta's desert c nature. I dare say you have scarcely 3 clased your eyes all night through think- c ing about her." "About her and other things." "Why tease yourself? A sister is ac sister only so long as she chooses to act r and feel as one. It is indeed a tender i word-a sweet relationship. But if a a woman coolly cuts all family ties- -" She shook her head, smiling. "Your a views are too hard, Mr. lonson. You ( would argue of a sister as youuwould of a wife. We must bear with the shame, the degradation, the wickedness of those we have loved, of those we still love spite of i bitter repulse. There is no one, I am sure, would dare kneel down in prayer if it was believed that God's mercy de pendcd upon our own actions.' All of us would feel cut oi&" Not all, I thought, looking at her, but sat silent awhile, feeling rebuked. I was a young man then; I can turn back now, sarreds I am by many years of. life's warfare, and see that I was hard; too hard in those thoughtlss days of mine; that knowing little or nothing of suffering myself, I knew little or nothing of the deep and wondrous vitality of human sympathy. You find many corridors in hulr.a nature when you enter, but sympathy is the only ay in; and to miss that door is merely to go on walking oumid the edifice. j ate for a little in silence, and then said, ."I suppose, as you have seen alhost nothing of your sister. you are unable to form an opinion of her state of mii.dl" - :.She is naturally of a cold nature," T.h answered; "dispositions such as S. rs, 1 think, do not greatly vary, let wl.t will happen to them. Though one £oiows not what passion, feeling, emotion n ay have its fangs buried in such hearts, yvt suffering has to pass through too rýany wraps to find expression." I smiled. "Yes," said I, "I know what you mean. She is like a personwho i.s buadl in half-a-dozen coffins; a shell, then lead then oak, and so on. Nothing but the last trumpet could influence the ashes inside." " But why did you ask that question, r. lInson ?" "Well," said I, "you know that we buried the colonel last night?" She started. " I did not know ! " she exclaimed. "Yes," I continued. "'We slung a couple of lanterns, and Finn read the service. Just before the body was aunched your sister arrived, rising like a ghost amongst us." She looked greatly shocked. "Was Henrietta really present ? "she exclaimed. "lHow could she have known- what could the men have thought of her? What madness of bad taste ! " "The forefinger follows the thumb," said I, " and when you come to the little finger you most begin again. All's one with some people when they make a start. Am I too hard on human nature in saying this?" ubt she merely exclaimed, as though to herself, "How could she be present? How could she be present?" "Well, now, mark what follows, Miss Jennings," said I; "when the body had vanished, your sister walked right aft, kneeled upon the grating, and in that posture of supplication continued to watch ihe dark waters for upwards of ten ninutes. Meanwhile I was gazing at her from the gangway, where I stood in the dusk .fidgeting exceedingly. For what vas in my mind? Suppose she should fling herself overboard ! " Her violet eyes rested thoughtfully upon my face. "I should not have been afraid," she exclaimed with a faint touch of scorn which made wonderfully sapid her voice that was low and colourless. "Of course you know your own sister," said I. " Finn took your view. I men tioned my misgiving, and his long head wvggled most prosaically in the moon light." "Women who behave as my sister has, MIr. Ionson," she exclaimed, with the gravity of a young philosopher, "are too :elfish, too cowardly, too much in love with themselves and with life to act as you seem to fear my sister might. They may go mad, and then, to be sure, there is an end of all reasoning about them; but whilst they have their senses they may be trusted so far as they themselves are concerned. In perfectly sane people many noble qualities go to impulses or resolu tions which are deemed rash and impious by persons who falter over the mere telling of such deeds. My sister has not a single noble quality in her. She may poison the lives of others, but she will be extremely areful to preserve her own." "Now if I had said that--" said I. "Oh," she answered, with the little colour that had come into her cheeks 'ading out of them, " 1 will never reproach rou for telling the truth." After breakfast I went to Wilfrid's sbin, and found him up and_ dressed, i itting in an easy- chair, readinb?MlsdiTy" l chich I teok tthe ook to beHo [ held he volume close to his face ; his-legs were eossed, his feet inslippers, his right hand grasped his big meerschaum pipe; which was filled with yellow tobacco not yet lighted. The cabin window was open, and the draperies of the handsomelittle apart mont stirred to the pouring of the rich, hot, ocean breeze through the orifice. "You look vastly comfortable, Vilf," said I. "Glad to find you well. But it must be a bit dull here though '? " Not at all," said he, putting down the book and lighting his pipe. "Sit and smoke with me." "Why not on deck ? " I answered, sit ting nevertheless. "A wide view in hot weather takes the place of a cool atmos pliers. The night is sensible of the heat as well as other organs. It may be cooler down here in reality tlan it is under the awning above, but these cribbed and coffined bulkheads make it very hot to the eye spite of that pleasant gushing of orind there." - He quietly sucked at his pipe, looking y at me through the wreaths of tobacco fit smoke which went up fromn his bowl. I yi lighted a cigar, furtively observing his id face as I did so. He was pale; there ca was nothing novel in that, hut.I noticed yi an expression of anxiety in his eyes that el was new to me; i look of sane concern as though some diffliculty novel and sur- hi prising, yet not of a character to strike B deep, had befallen him. I glanced at the c breakfast tray that was upou the table oi near which hle was seated and easily guessed by what remained that he had a made a good meal. His manner was ii quiet, even subdued; no symptoms of ft the old jerkiness, of the odd probing a gestures of head with a thrust of his a mind, as it were, into one's face as if his p intellect were as short.sightedo s his eyes. s He was airily clothed in white; a coloured e shirt wide open at the collar, and a small 1 silk cap of a jockey pattern was perched r upon his head. i "Has Finn removed theffive-guinea i piece from the mainmast?" sid he. S"I don't know, Wilt." 0 "I must send word to lim to take I t charge of it, and to tell the den that the 1 Fmoney will be distributed adog them on our arival. Ishall be gladtgethose." "And so shall I, upon my word." "The ceaseless motion of the sea," he a continued, talking quietly iid with a t more sensie look in his fathan I had r witnessed in him since the our of our a start, "grows so distractinglonotonous after a time, that I can rcadie believe it ir affects weak heads. This has about u exhausted my love of seafa I shall a sell the Bride. t Inodded. " How long should th run home of occupy usl " he asked. ' Let us call it a month, five weeks if at the outside, for evr d sake," I \- answered. i of He smoked for a minute i'silenco with a thoughtful face and ther aid, "Five at weeks in one's cabin is a sbg amprson a mont." . I, imagined he referred b hs wife, and a that he was feeling his waysthgis und u about fashion to talk abouta. "There t is no necessity to be impridtoed for five og weeks," said I. "our r1.t is not an he ocean liner full of passengesjihose stres au and whispers miat indeedpr ve embar in assing. So far as I am ceg.ed I a at quite willing to promise try, honestly isa never even to look. Hiss :eangs s all ng tenderness and aweetness gA sympathy there could be nothing to fund a plea for en seclusion upon in her presace. s to ;en thesailors,' I continued, t g without are comprehending an air ofiewderment of that was growing upon hise as tlked, "Jack meets with so manastonisnments e," in his vocation that surprio and curiosity as are almost lost arts with il. The crew let will take one long thiirsd.tstare; then one turn their quids and give Ahat passes aft ion no further heed whartever. rts, "Idoan't follow you, he exclaimed, too posing.his pipe, with hi ?yes intently fixed on me; "what ae you talking ,ho "You were speaking otis tediousness ol, of a five weeks' imprisaonet i" "Quito right," said he, "and tedious it is if it's to last five weeks." "But, my dear Wilfrid, Iwas endea vouring to point out that the imprison ment to which you refer is unnecessary; in fact, after last night-" But here I suddenly bit my lip to the perception that it would be rash and unwise on my part to let him know that his wife had been present at Colonel Hope-Kennedy's burial. "What I mean is," I continued, talking rapidly, "if it's a mere question of sen sitiveness or pride recoiling from obser vation, why not imitate the great blokanna : "O'er als featres hung Tho Veil, the Sller Veil which he had mung In mesry there to hldefrmo human sight Ils dasinog bro till men could bmear ita light" In our case we have no dazzling brow and consequently require no silver veils; but in Miss Laura's wardrobe there should be-" He was now gaping at me, and cried out, "Your brain wanders this morning, Charles. Do you mean that I should go veiled ?" "You I " I exclaimed ; "certainly not. I am not talking of you." "But I am talking of myself, though," he cried. I lookedathimwith amazement. "You do not mean to say that you intend to im irison yourself in this cabin till we get home ?" He shook his head. "I don'timprison myself," he answered, "I am imprisoned." "By whom, pray ?" "Can't you see ?l" I ran my eyes round the cabin. N "n'o, no!" lie shouted, "look at me. Don't you perceive that I can't get out How ain 1 to pass through that door ?" "How are you to pass through that door?" I exeaimed, "why, by walking through it, of course. How else ?" "Ay, and that's just what I can't do," said he, with a melancholy shake of the head. "But why not, Wilfrid?" I cried, scarcely yet understanding how it was with him. "Bec?use," lie answered, petulantly, looking down himself, then at his arms and legs, "I am too big." I perceived now what had come to himn, and felt so dismeayed, so grieved, so pained, I may say, to the very heart, that for some moments I was unable to speak. How ever, with a violent effort I pulled myself i together, and lighting my cigar afresh in a demonstrative way, for the more sake 4 of obtaining what concealment I could get I out of my gestures and my puffing of the 1 tobacco clouds, I said, " Big you always were, Wilfrid; but never so big-and not now so big-as not to be able to pass I through that door. See ! lt me go first t; put your two hands just above my hips and you'll follow me through as easily as eeving a rope's end through the sheave hole it belongs to." Irose, but ho waved moe oaffit an al most frantic gesture. '"PIyGod, man s" be shouted,.l what is the use of talking? I I could no more geot through thlt door than I could pass through that porthole." I "nBut don't you think we might manage to haul you through i" said I. "You'd tear me to pieces," he answered. "Sit down, my dearfellow,"he continued, speaking with an almost cheerful noto in hisvoieu , " it isaveryg avoiconventieno , but it must be met. This cabin is cam modious, and with you and Laura to come and keep iecompmly, andwith the further solace of my pipe and books, why I shall be very nearly as well offas if I could get on deck. Besides," headded,liftinghis finger and addressing me with Ctlnt old air of cunning I have again and again referred to, made boyish and patlhetic by tis quivering of his eyelids and the knowing look his mouth pu on, "q even if I was noa too much swelled to pass tlhrouglh that door," he glanced at it as if it were a living thring tlat demanded respectful speeh from him, "I should never be. able to get through the companion hatch." "Well," said I, "it, no doubt, is as you say. A little patience and you will find yourself equal, I am sure, to leaving your cabin. If not, and you fear the idea of a squeeze, there is always your carpenter at hand. A few blows dealt at yonder bulkhead wvould make room foran elephant." . .... tAy, that would be all very well," said hi] he, " so far as this cabin is concerned. But would you have me order the if carpenter to rip up the deck with leagues of Atlantic weather right ahead of us?" w; I feigned to agree. No useful result so couldpossiblyfollow any sort of reason- th ing with him whilst this extraordinary fancy possessed his brain. I watchel him of attentively to remark if lie moved or acted as if his hallucination involved physical conditions, as if in short he was ai sensible of the weight and unwieldiness of excessive growth in his body and ci limbs: for I remembered the case of a ai man I once heard of, who, believing him- n self to have grown enormously corpulent V in a single night, acted the part of an im- tl mensely fat man by breathing pursilyand g with labour, by grasping his stomach as a though it stood out a considerable dis- a tance ahead of him, and by other samples t of behaviour which in his madness he I might imagine properly belonged to the I obese. But I could detect no conduct of r this sort in Wilfrid outside that inspection g of himself which 1 mentioned when he first told me that he had grown too big to quit his cabin. 1 changed the subject and sat talking I with him for a long half-hour. He asked r no questions about his wife, nor as to the I disposal of the colonel's body, nor re- t verted to the extent of the faintest I implication to the incidents of the pre- 1 ceding day. Yet he conversed with 1 perfect rationality; his manners were Sbland, with something of dignity in them; 1 it seemed indeed as if the poor fellow's craziness had localised itself in this new 1 and astounding fancy of his being unable a to squeeze his way through on deck,' \- leaving his mind in all other directions cear and serene; yet mad as was the I notion that had now seized him, I could Snot but secretly feel that there was more e madness yet in his insensibility to what e had happened, as though indeed the light n of memory in him had been extinguished s and he was conscious of nothing but r- what was actually passing before his eyes. i I held -my peace on this new and y astonishing craze, fancying that at any U hour I might find him on -deck' and his ; delusion gone. At dinner, however, )r that dayl iss Laura noticed his absence. a My silence, I suppose, convinced her that t there was sometlings wrong with him. it She questioned me and I told her the i, truth. Her eyes filled with sadness. ts "He grows worse," she said. "I fear y he will never recover.' : - , w "This marriage," I answered,' "on mn top of what was congenital'in hini, laa ft proved too much. iave you seen your sister to-day ? ': "No." . ly "Does she intend to keep her cabin sg until we reach England I . , r" . "I cannot y. Shea deilins' to nec ss me." . . . .. - ''Yet she has turned you out 'of your berth, ani does not scruple, I suppose, to use everything that you possess. Well, we are a queer little ship, I must say; the husband self-imprisoned by fancy on one side, and a wife self-imprisoned by heaven knows what emotions on the other side ; and both doors within kick of a foot from either threshold. It is a picture to encourage an ingenious mind fired with matrimonial resolutions ! " " Men are fools to get married !" she exclaimed piquantly. "AnSd women I " said I. "Oh, it is the business of women to make men fools," she answered. Her clear eye rested serenely on mine, and she spoke without archless or sarcasm. " I don't think," said I, " that women make fools of men, but that it is men who make fools of themselves. Yet this I vow before all the gods : if I had married a woman like your sister and she had served me as she has served her husband, I slould wish to be mad as Wilfrid is. He does not ask after her, seems to have utterly forgotten her and the fellow whil was sent to his rest yesterday. Oh, hoe delightful l WVlly you hear of women like Lady MIonson driving their spouse into hideous courses of life, forcing then to search for oblivion in drink, gambling, and so on, until they end as penniless miscreants, as broken-down purple-nosed rogues, and all for love, forsooth ! But how is Wilfrid served ? Some wild-eyed imagination slips into his brain, turns all the paintings to the wall, and with nimble hands falls to work to garnish the galleries inside his skull with tapestry hangings which engage his mind to the forgetting of all things else." " But, Mr. MIonson," cried she, "surely with some little trouble one might succeed in persuading him, whilst feigning to admit he has increased in size, that lie is not too big to pass through his door." "' T.t us pay him a visit," said I. She at once rose. We had finished dinner some time. I had been ehatting with her over such slender dessert as a yacht': stores iln those days supplied-figs nuto, raisins, biscuits, and the like. The wrestring sun coloured the cabin with a ruby atmosphere amid which the wines on the tble glowed in rich contrast with the snow-lwhite damask and the icy sparkle of crystal, whilst red stars trembled in the silver lamps, with a soft crimson lustre flaking, as it seemed, upon the eye out os the mirrors. The humming wind gushled pleasantly through the open skylight antd down tihe hatchway, and set the leaves of the plants dancing and the ferns gracefully nodding. To think of the woman for whom all this show was designed, for whom all these elegancies were hleaped to gether, the mistress, indeed, of the gallant and beautifullittle fabric that was bearing us with a pretty sauciness over this sea of sapphire and under this reddening equ4i noctial heaven, sulking in her cabin, a disgraced, a degraded a socially ruined creature, imprisoned by her oen hndn, andprido aoting, th part of turnkoy -to beo I But Alisas .Tennings.was r aking hei way to Wilfrid's cabin, and there was no l&eisure; now for moralising. We entered. The remains of the dinncr my cousin had been served with-were still upon his table, and I gathered that he had done exceedingly weil. This did not look as though he suspected that enatig had anything to do with his suddea astonishinggrowth. He had emptied re pint bottle of champagne, and anothtr about a quarter full stood at his elL e with a bumper just poured out, apparent alongside it. Ho lhad attired himsecl4t dress clothes again, and sat with an ai"f state and dignity in his arm-chair, toy with a large cigar not yet lighted. "How d'ye do, Laura, my dear ? 1 down. Sit, Charles. There is plenty room for slender people like you." Iplaced a helmirfor Miss Jennings vaulted into Wilfrid's bunk, for the? the cabin was roomy in proportion to burthen of the yacht, the accommodatls was by no means ample, owing to furniture that crowded the deck. His l cheek bones were flushed, a sort of gl ness coated his eyes, but this I rno ascribed to the champagne ; the inte was hot, and 3Iiss Laura cooled her so face with a black fan that hung at waist. My cousin watched her uneas as if he feared she would see somethin him to divert her. "Do you feel now, ?Viltri,," said 1, if you could get on deck ?l" " Oh, certainly not," Ihe - answ warnmly, "I wonder that you should such a question. Compare my figure s that door."" He looked at Btiss Laura with a sh of his shoulders asthough he pitied "Surely, Wilfrid," she exclain "you could pies through quite and without hurting yourself at all." "Quite easily! Yes, in pieces!' cried scornfully. "But it is not that are both blind. Your wish is to Isun me. Please do nothing of the s WVhat I can see, you can see. Loo this bulk." He'put down his cigs grasp his breast with both hands. " at these," he continued, slapping firs arm, then a leg. ' "It is a most fortu thing thatI should have broadened HadI increased correspondingly inhe I should not have been able to stand right in this cabin," and he direct glance at the upper deck or cet whilst a shiver man through him. I thought now I would sound his in fresh directions, for though whils present craze hung strong in him it not likely he would quit his cabin, y his intellect had failed in other wa the extent I found in this parti hallucination he would certainly hav be watched, not for his own security but for that of all others on board. as you may suppose, his craziness the wildest and most tragic accents when one thought of where one wa the very heart of the vast .tlant goodly company, of us on board, a slip that was as easily to be made a flee of as an empty tar barrel, with ) powder enough stowed somewhere I down forward to complete in a jifl work tht that the flames might be dal with. "You do not inquire after Lady e son, Wilfrid," said I. t Miss'Jennings started and stared a . " Why should I " Ie answeredc d and deliberately, producing hIis y tinder box, at which he began to a" I'll venture to say she doesn't in after me." I was astonished by the rationali t this answer and the air of intelli . that accompanied its delivery. ' "No, I fear not," said i,.,muo barrassed. "Asashe'only came on ir yesterday-" - * "Well " he exclaimed, finding a paused. is "Oh," said I with a bit of a ste Ir '"It just occurred tome you might forgotten that she was now one journeying homie.'" hi "Tut, tut " said he, waving his at.-me but without turning his o " Laur, you ari looking after he dear ?" ur '"31y niaid sees that she has i ," answered the girL "She de- f nesto have anything to say to me-tbo eeifene-to hear of me." b H-enodded his head slowly and gravely h lhi, and lowering his voice said, " Can 'I se hear us, do you think?" g 'No," I exclaimed, "not through the rbulkheads with the width of passage s 'e smoked leisurely whilst he kept his yei' thoughtfully bent on Bliss Laura. "My cousin," said he, addressing her as t high I were absent, "has onmore than I obbceasion said to me, ' Suppose you e M ver your wife wlhat are you going to |doith her V' I have recovered her and i no I - will tell you my intentions. SUra, you know I adored her." She in- i rined her head. "What term would I ydl apply to a woman," he proceeded, "'ho should abandon a devoted husband tha worshipped the ground she walked pons who should desert the sweetest littlo infant "--I thought his voice would falter here, but it was as steady as the fixed regard of his eyes--" that ever came irdm heaven to fill a mother's heart With loV6c? who should forfeit a position of distinction and opulence- who should stealthily creep like a thief in the night fr?? a home of beauty, of elegance, and ofsplendour ; who'should do all this for ai end of such depravity that it must be nameless ??" his forefinger shot up with a jerk and his eyes glowed under the tiembling of the lids. "What is the tenn you would apply to such a woman ? " he continued, now scowling and with ain iilperious note in his voice. I guessed the word that was in his mind and cried, "Why, miad of course." : "Mad I " he thundered violently, slap ping his knee and breaking into a short, semi-delirious laugh. He leaned forward as though lihe would take liss Laura into his strictest confidence, and putting his hand to the side of his mouth hliwhispered, " She is mad. We none of us knew it, Laura. Ity first act then when we reach home will be to confine her. But nota word, mind I" He held his finger to his lips, and in that posture slowly leaned back in his chair again with a face painful with its smile of cunning and triumph. I saw that the girl was getting scared; so without ado I dropped out of the bunk en to my feet. "An excellent scheme, Wilfrid," said I, " in fact theonly thing to be done. But my dear fellow, d'yo know the atmosphere here is just roasting. I'll take Miss Jen nings on deck for a turn, and when I am cooled down a bit I'll look in upon you for another yarn for half-an-hour before turning in." "uAlU ri-iht," he exclaimed. " Laurs looks .as if ahe wants some fresh air. Send one of the stewards to me, will you, as you pass through the cabin 7 But manind, both of you-hushl INot a word, you understand?" : . . . S"Trust us," said I, nrid sck at heart I took tirsa Icura's hand and led her out ofez i crbin: As I closed the door she a?-ed and would have fallen but for the nI ?iased reund'elcr. .I oiducteed her to a couch and procured a glass o water. The atmosphere here was com paratively cool with the evenhis air breezing down tlrough thuge wide skylight, and shle quickly recovered. "It is terrible I" she exclaimed, pres sing her finger to her eyes and shaling her head. "I should fall crazy m yself were I much with him. Hisneers, his smiles, his looks, the boyish air of his face, too! The thought of his isoery, his injury, the irreparable wrong done him--poor Wilf, poor Wilf ! ". Her tender heart gave way and she wept piteously. When she was somewhat composed sllo fetched a hat and accomps;lied me on delck. The dusk do-nto the horizon was lear and fine, richly spangled to where the hard black line of the ocean ruled the firmament. On high sailed many meteors like flying fish sparkling out of the dark velvetv; some of themi scoring under the trembling eonstellations a silver wake that lingered long on the eye and resembled a length of mnoon-coloured steam slowly settling away before the breath of a soft air. There were many shooting stars, too, without the comet- like grace of the meteoric flights; 'sharp, bounding sparkles that made one think of the flashing of muskets levelled at the ocean by visionary hands in the hovering star-laden gloom. The wind was failing; the yacht was sailing with erect mast= with a rhythmic sringing of the hollows of her canvas to the light weather rolls of the vessel on the tender undulations. It was like the regular breathing of each great white breast. The dew was heavy and cooled the draught as a fountain the atmosphere round about it. A little sleepy noise of purring froth came from the bows. All was hushed along the decks, though as the yacht lifted forward I could make out some figures pacing the forecastle appa rently with naked feet, for no footfall reached tile ear. "Alas," said I, " the wind is failing. I dread the stagnation of these waters. I have heard of ships lying becalmed here for two and three months at a stretch ; in all those hideous days of frying suns and steaming nights scarce traversing twenty leagues. "We were becalmed a fortnight on the Line," said Aiss Laura, "on our passage to England. It seemed a year. Every body grew quarrelsome, and I believe there was a mutiny amongst the crew." " Oh, I hate the dead calm at sea I" I cried. "Yet I fear we are booked. Look straight up, Miss Jennings, you will be Iold a very storm of shooting stars. When I was in these waters, but much more west and east than where wd now are, I took notice that whenever the sky shed .meteors in any abundance a calm followed, sand the duration of the stagnant time was 'in proportion to tile abundance of the ailver discharge. Butwho is that standing lft by the wheel tlere ?" !My question was heard and answered. 'It's ase-Capt'n Finn, sir." "We're in for a calm, I fear, Finn." "I fear so, sir," lie answered, slowly oming over to us. " Gret pity, though. I was calculating upon the little breezoe t Nay lasting to* draw us out of this here helt. Them shooting 'stars, too, ain't h5'olesome. Some says they signifies ind, and so they may to the norrards, aut not down here. Beg pardon, Mr. !ilonson, but how is Sir Wilfrid, sir l gan't seen him on deck all day. I'hope Lis hIonour's pretty well I " I "Come this way,'Finn," said L SThe three of us stopped to the weather ail, somewhat forward, clear of the ears "i the helnmsan. "Captain," said I, "my cousin's very and I desire to tolk-to you about " Sorry to hear it, sir," he answered, a voice of concern; " the heat's atrying ha, may be." - "He refuses to leave his cabin," said I, and why, think you Because hed hans Sit into his head' thnt he has grown too adto pass through the door, or even squeeze through that hatch there." "Gor bless me n " he exclaimed, "owhat enotion to take on And yet it ain't the first time I've heard of such whims. I at was once shipmate with a man who S believed his nose to be a knife. I've seen tl him atrying to cut up tobacco with it. st There's no arguing with people when they d gets them tempers." i "But don't you think, Captain Finn," of said Miss Jennings, "that with some ti trouble Sir Wilfrid might be coaxed into a coming on deck? If he could be induced a to pass through his door he would find ft the hatch easy. Then, when on deck, a confidence would return to him and his c crazy notion leave him." tl "Won't he make the heffort, miss?" I inquired Finn. I answered "No. He says that it it would tear him to pieces to be dragged ti through." s "Then, sir," exclaimed the skipper tI with energy, "if. he says it you may p depend upon it he believes it, sir, and if o he believes it then I dori't doubt that b physical force by way of getting him out of his cabin would be the most dangerous I thing that could be tried. It's all the narves, sir. Them's an arrangement fit b to bust a man open by acting upon his imagination. Mr. Monson, sir, I'll tell'ee what once happened to me. I had ao fever, and when I recovered, my narves p was pretty nigh all gone. I'd cry one 1 moment like a baby, then laugh ready to split my sides over nothen at all. I took on a notion that I may lay wiolent hands u on myself if the opportunity offered. It s wasn't that I wanted to hurt myself, but c that I was afeered I scould. I recollect a being in my little parlour one day. There a was a bit of a sideboard agin the wall with a drawer in which my missus kep' the table knives we ate with. The thought of tnem knives gave meo a fright. t I wanted to leave the room, butto get to t the door I should have to pass the drawer I where them knives were and 1 couldn't stir. Your honour, such was the state of my nerves 'that the agony of being dragged past that door would have been 1 as bad as wrenchimoin e in halves. So 1 got out through the window, and it was a fortnight afore I lhad the courage to look I into that parlour again." "My father knew a rich gentleman in Melbourne." said Miss Jennings, "who c lost his mind. He believed that he had been changed into a cat, and all day long 1 he would sit beside a little crevice in the t wainscot of his dining-room waiting for a e mouse to appear." "But when it comes to imaginations n of this kind," said I, "one is never to know what is going to follow. Captain e Finn, my cousin may mend-1 pray God he will do so and soon-" "Amen," a quoth Finn in his deepest noto-"mean while," I continued, " I am of opinion , that he should be watched." , "You think so, sirl" he exclaimed. u "Why, lman, consider where we are. Send your eye into that mightydistance," I Icried, pointing to thie blck hjunction of at scintillant gloom and the spread of ocean to coming to us thence i ink. "Tlina of to our lonelinesas hero and .the'conditidn ot theta eoatmns act m0ht reduce us-to. rf That is not all. Lad- Monson, this 1- young lady and her maid slooeep close to tr his cabin. Who shall conjecture the resolution that may possess a diseased brain on an sudden? Sir WlVlridmust be -watchled, Finn." - "I tagree with you, a," he anoswered f tlhoughltfully, "but-but wiho's to have the ordering of it? "Tain't for the likes of me, sir-" he paused, then added, "Ho's master here 'ee know, sir." "I'll make myself responsible," I ex claimed; " the trouble is to have him I watched with the delicacy that shall defy the detection of his most suspicious humour should lihe put his head out of Iris berth or quit it--which he is not likely to do eet. Of course an eye would have to be kept upon him from without. Name : me two or three of your trustiest seamen." "Why, sir, there's Cutbill, a first- class man ; and there's two others, Jonathan Furlong and Willianm Grindling, that you may putyour fullest confidence in." "Then," said I, "1 propose that these men should take a spell of keeping a look out turn and turn about. The stewards would have been fit persons, but they are wanting in muscle. Let the man who keeps I watch in the cabin so post himself that lie may command the passage where Sir Vilfrid's berth is. You or Crimp, accord ing as your watch comes round, will ise that the fellow below, whoever he may be, keeps awake. Pray attend to Pthis, Finn. I amnt satisfied that it is a anecessary measure." "I shall have to tell. old Jacob the truth, sir, and the men likewise," said he, "and also acquanmt the stewards with what's wrong, otherwise they'll be for turning the sailor that's sent below out of I the cabin." S"By all means," said I, "I'll stand I your lookout, whilst you are making the necessary arrangements. But see that I you provide your men with some ready and quite reasonable excuse for being in the cabin should Sir Wilfrid chance to come out during the night and find one of his seamen sitting at the table." "Ay, ay, sir; that's to be managed I with a little thinkig," answered Finn, r and forthwith he marched towards the forecastle into the darkness there. a " It is fortunate," Isaid to obiss Jen a nings, "that I am Wilfrid's cousin. If I were simply a guest on board I question a if Finn would do what I want." We fell to pacing the deck. Even as we walked the light breeze weakened yet, till here and there you'd catch sight of \- the gleam of a star in some short fold of t black swell running with a burnished a brow. The dew to the fluttering of the I canvas aloft fell to the deck with the pat I tering sound of raindrops. "Oh," groaned Ito Miss Laura, " for s' a pair of paddle-wheels ! " . We stepped to tihe open skylight to observe if aught were stirring below, but gladly recoiled from the gush of hot air there rising with a fiery breath stale with the smell of the dinner table spite of the sweetness put into it by the flowers. Heavens, how my very heart sickened to the slopping sounds of water alongside lifting stagnantly and sulkily melting out into black ungletning oil ! We seated t ourselves under the fanning spread of s mainsail, talking ofVWilfrid, of his wife, of features of the voyage, until little by little 1 found myself slowly sliding into a ? sentimental mood.. My companion's a sweet face, glimmering tender and placid to thl starlight, came very near into courting me into a confesion of love. rThe helmsman was hidden from us, weo aseemed to be floating alone upon the mighty slhadow that stretched around. A sense of inexpressible remoteness was t inspired by the trembling of the lumi naoies and the sharp shooting of ,the ,silver meteors as tlhough all the lifo of Sthis vast hushled universe of gloom were up there, and we had come to a pause Supon the very verge of cieation, with no Sother vitality in the misty confines save a what the beating:of odr two hearta put x intothem. '- : S On a sudden she ' started and sid, S"See I there is my sister." - a The figur~e of Lady MIonson rse, ipale and veiljt t f the companion hatch. She did itCserve us, and approached the atlf the 'deck where we were seated, cc~il i haply by the deeper dye the ?elor of the mainsail put into theo losphere about it. I was etruck bj majesty of her gait, by the tragic of her carriage as she a ne, n tiho planks with a eubtlety l movement that made her form lopc o glide wraith-like. The sweet he at my side shrank with so cleara .sg tion of alarm in her manner that I tk her handnd and held it. Lady Monson dW close-so close without seeingus tst I believed she was walking in her Asehbut she caught sight of us then an 5cilantly flung with an expres sible deohisour of temper and aversicn en to the .th' side of the deck, which slie paced, goip afterwards to the rail and overhasegi it motionless as the quarter boat thatkmg a little past her. "She riglhtens me " whispered Laura; ' "ought I to join her? Oh, cruel le?u?, hat she should hate me so hittcrl ~foher own acts " wiyrp fhould you join her 1 ' She does not wadtlou. The heat has driven her on deck, d she wishes to muse and perhapi oralise over the colonel's grave. Why aiseou afraid of her ?" "LBecaso I am a coward." Just thn Finn came along. He went upto. Il ,Monson and I saw his figure staggortsainst the starlight when he dis covered:is mistake. He peered about and thincame over to us, breathing hard and polidihng his forehead. "Niihtook thee breath out of my body, sir," he exclaimed in a hoarse whisper; "eactual 'thought it was your honour, so tall sha be. Well, I've arranged every thling, F', and a lookout 'II be cstablilshed soon aaier the cabin light's turned down." La?a suddenly rose and wished me good-siiiht. I could see that Lady ,Mon son's presence rendered her too uneasy to renlain on deck, so I did not press her to Sta, thoughi I remember heartily wdsh itt hat.her ladyship was, still on board the 'ima Robbins. She continued to hold lier stirless posture at the bulwark rail oiathouhg she were steadily tlhinking horselfinto stone. But for her contemp Stuous-.nd insolent manner of turniig from is I believe I should have found I spirit, nought to attempt a conversation with her. It was not until four bells that she rioe suddenly from her inclined atti tudoeas though startled by the clear echo?ii_ elcimes." Past her the sky was diml? jddening to the mioo whose disc I still flted below the horizeon, and against the delicate, almost dream-like fluih, I Spercivrsedl her toss up her veil and lreass Sher bends to her face. She then veiled herself afresh, came to the companion anddissppeared. Was it remorse work a. ing is her, or grief for her foundered coloiel, or some anguishs born of the cE thoudht of her child 1 Easier, I thought, nn to faihom with the sight the mysteries of of tlieiioz of the black, vaporous-looking in 'dfiia?? thscamt our keel .was scarce now o. wrinliing than to penoetiti tho secrots of is aheartandarkashersl S'Hadlf-an-hour later I quitted the deck, o and as I passed through the cabin nodded d to Cutbill, whlo at awkwardly and with asighly embarrassed air with'hics back upon the cabin table, commanding the after cabins-a hinge salt, all whiskers, Swrinkles, and muscleo. CHAPTER XXVII. A DEAD CALM. I w?s up and about a great deal during the night. It was not only tlhat the heat murdered sleep; there was something so ominous in the profound stillness which fell upeon our little ship that the mind found itself weighed down as with a sense of misgiving, a dull, incommunicable dread of approachable calamity. Of the dead calm at sea Iwas by no means ignorant; in African and West Indian waters lhad tasted of the delights of this species of staoge:ion over and over again. One calin, I remember, came very close to realiicg Coloridge's description, or rather the decription that the poet borrowed from thb narrative of old Sir Richard Hawkid preserved in the foxed and fadedl 1?es of the lier. Samuel Pure has. The wser looked to be full of wriggling fiery cr turcs bunting in a multitude of colours till the surfaee of the sea re soemble!l vast, ghastly prism reflecting. tihe li to of some hellish principality, deep sos in the dark brine. But I never recollec the ocean until this night as with out sol naint heave of swell; yet, after the wesjdraught of air had utterly died out, sorqwhere about midnight, the yacht slept eon a bosom as stirless as the sur face ofs summer lake. There was not the ligt movement to awaken an echo in her e, to run a tremor through her canvas,: nudge the rudder into the dim mest of its tiller chains. The effect d a hush as this at sea is m descrid. On shore, deep in the countfr distant from all hum of life, the til of night is a desired and familiasr:dition of darkness; it soothes to rest ;shatever vexes it is a violence ; the sweoeg of a gale through hissing and roaring rs, tihe thunder of wind in the chimne th lashing of the windows with hail andmn, the red bolt of lightning to whose hethe bedroom glances in blood to the e f its disturbed occupant; all this bris vith it an element of fear, of somethitnusual, out of keeping, out of nature t. But at sea it is the other way abh 'Tis the dead calm that is unnatur. It is as though the mighty forces eheaven. and ocean lied por tentousl-i'eked in their breath in antici pation o tisshock of conflict, as a warrior fills his i to the full, and then holds his wind ilst he waits the cry of charge. I trie sleep, but could not, and hearing uo'clock struck on the fore castle,dQied out of my bunk for ton minutes t rsh air on deck. Cutbill sat witih lback against the table; the small Ianef the lamp that hung witllh out the tit vibration from the cabin ceilin" glied in the sweat-drops tlht coated hfe as though oil, had been thrown tim. I said softly, pauslng : momesl address him: "iAwonder lly still t, Cutbill." ` v ember the like of it, sir," he ,asweu.g a whisper that had a note of sttrmlril it, with his effort to sub due his est tempestuous utterance. As a r, sir." "AIn cs, r Wilfrid Monson should l look out see you, w!hat excuse for being heel Captain"Finn provided you wviti I S'm s ed to be watching the bayromete?. If Sir Wilfrid steps out I'm iee to be peering hard at that there , then to go on deck as if I'dgot ming to report." "O t, do, I.dareesay," 1 ex claimed. may wonder, but that must not s . Heaven grant; Cutbill, that I a eeesarily nervous;. but were a mi full ship ; it is the right sort of ni o, to make one feel the hugeness oJ ocean and the helpless ness of saaors when deprived of their little machinery for fighting it; and what Iy I say is a misgiving under s?ch circum- in sMances ought to serve u as as conviction -so keep a bright lookou, CutbilL Nothing is going to happen, eldare ay; but our business is to contaide: that nothing shall happen." : n The huge fellow lifted.Ihs enorimoiis hand very respectfully ti hie glisti?ini tl forehead and I passed on to the deck. The moon shone brightly and her 3 reflection lay upon the sea like a league- v. long fallen column of silver, with the as ocean going black as liquid pitch to the sides of the resplendent shaft Not a i wrinkle tarnished that prostrate pillar of g light: not the most fairy-like undulation of water put.an instant's warping, for the a -ed ;i~b a ifoit, sitd it'-.r-Tset the maii- a ma~stheadb:y b star and watched it, and a he'tietbling, grdenish, lovely point of h -aadian?siisg posed as steadfastly on a I li-fi-ith the truck as though it were a some little crystal lamp fixed to an iron pike up.tiei'e... I spied)Jacob Crimp near the wheel, a but ihdsieo up to breathe and not to c talk.: 'Idesired to coax a sleepy humour p into me miad guessed that that end would bo.defeited'hy a chat with the surly little I sailor, with wh-si I rarely exchanged as fea-sentenenes without finding myself l diriftiig into an argument. So I lay over o the tail. striving to cool my hot face with the breath off tile surface of the black profound that lay like a sheet of dark, I tibgleaming mirror beneath. On a sudden I I heard agreat sigh out in the gloom. It c was as though some slumbering giant had s Sfetehed a long, deep, tremulous breath in a asream:. I started, for it had sounded .close, and I looked alongthe obscure deck o forward as if, forsooth, there was any sailor on board whose respiration could a rise to such a note as hat ! In a moment f , spied a block of blackness slowly melt-. e ing out like a dye of ink upon the indigo o of the water with the faint flash of moon- f lightoff the wet round of it. A grampus ! n thouight I; and stared about me for p others, but no more showed, and the pro .digious mnidnight; lhush seemed to float f down again from the stars like a sensible d weight with one wide ripple from where e the great, fish had sunk, creeping like a I line of oil to the yaclt's side and melting I soundlessly in her shadow. This bnave-liko repose lasted the night ii throglh' hnd when early in the morning, awakened by the light of thie newly risens sun, I nmounted to the deck, I found the n sikan'stretclied flat as the top of a table, o the sky, of a dirty bluish Iase, thickening Is down and merged into the ocean line so that you couldn't see where the horizon £ was, save just under the sun where the I head of the misty white sparkle in the a water defined the junction. It baffled t .nid'ibothered the sight to look into the a "distance, sosvaporous and heavyit all was, t "eitth a dull blue gleam here and there t 'upon the" water striking into the faintness t like a sunbeam into mist, and all close to, f as it seeted, though by haLrd peering you i might catch l the glimmer nf the Calml past the mixture of hazy light and hues where itdea id sky seemed to end. Jacob Crimp lad charge. I asked him if all had been quiet below in the cabin. "Ay,". hle answered, "I've hearl of n nothen to the contrairy. Her ledship n eame on deck during the middle watch and had a bit of a yarn with me." ".Indeed " said I. n \- "Yes, she scared mse into a reg'lar clam. I was standing at the ril thinking I see a darkness'out under the moon as if subreath II of wind were coming along, and a woice jest behlind me says: 'Wlhat'syourname?' Nigh hland turned my hair white to see a h'er,'sdoquiet she came and her eyes like cerpisants. ii \- "What did she talk about?" said I in ii a careless way. L "Asked what the sailor was a-sitting in n the cabin for. ' To prevent murder being b 'done,'.saysl. 'Murder!' saysslhe. 'Yes,' -says I, 'and to prewent this wessel from I: being set on fire and blown to yellow t blazes,' says I, 'for God knows,'says I, f 'what weight of. gunpowder ain't stowed s away forasrds.' 'Who's aguing to'do :ll s this,' says she ; so I jist told her that Sir d Wilfrid had been took worse, and that the I prder had come forward that the cabin 'wias to be ostched." Ii " mWhat did she say to that?" I ex- s .laimed. "Why, walked to 'tother side of the {deck and sot down and remained an hour, "dill1 reckoned that when she w-cnt below :she tlust ha' been pretty nigh streaming ;with dew a " 'Lat do you tidnk of the weather, Mlr. Crimp?" . It's agin nature," lie answered. " Like lying off Blackwall for smoothness Ih "Taint going to last, tliough. Nothing :that's agin nature ever do whether its -weather, or a dawg with t?o tails, or a ti .eat with height legs." '"I swish you were a magician," said I, y l 'd tassel your hmnll:ereief fora strong breeze. A roasting day with a vengeance, c 'ind the first of a long succession, I fear." s At breakfast 1 told Miss Laura of Lady NIonson's visit on deck in the middle I .watch, and the mate's blunt statement 'to her. "It was a mighty dose of truth :to adniinister," said I. "She will pass s some Ibnd quarters of an hour, I fear. v Think of old Jacob talking to her of 1i murder and fire, and explosions unto li yellow blazes, whatever that may mean, t with her husband sleeping right abreast of her cabin and armed, as she must ]hiss-2' h i " ans he those pistols ?" she asked. I "Yes," I answered, "I gave the case a to.one of the stewards to return to him, and'now Iam sorryLidid so." " Of course Henrietta will be a frightened," she exclaimed. "I do not 1 envy her in her lonelinies.. Why should t she refuse to see me1 I easily under stand her objection to showing herself on deck by daylight ; but I am her sister ; I could sit with her; I couldbe company for her, win her perhaps," she 'aid with awistful look, " to something like a gentle mood." She sighed deeply and continued : ".Wilfrid scared me ycsterday. There was that in his face which shocked sio, but 1 could not explains what it was. Yet Iam ntot ti least bit afraid he will comuiit any deed of violence. Let hitn be twenty times madder than he now is, Ihis heartis so tender, his spirit so boy like, pure, honourable, there is so much eif I sweectness mtd affection in his nature 'that I am cestain hIis cruellest delirium would be temperedl by his qualities." I was grateful to her for thids speaking of nty.poor cousin, but I could not agree with her. The qualities shleo pinned her faith to had suffered him at ll events to shoot Colonel Hope-Kennedy and to miake nothiig of the man's dsith. Yet, thlought .L lookisig at her, seeing hoo this sireet little crecure values, andto a large extent understainds hIim, what devil's indiuence w:as upon tile lisring, large-hearted, child like nan when lIe chloso the other one for his wife? lust, fond of him and sorry for htina' .ls tqis"I ebd tiabt nists-vi wished it otlcerwis-for .my satke at all events; thbiugh ont her part' it.would haove nade h'er 9l hldr lady?hip and:foutid her a hts band whose brain I'don't doubt miglit year by yair 'es gren- stroDnger ii tihe chteerful sd fructifying light of her cordial, sympatletic, sidkcat eluraciter. s:'l'lok?d.?i upos hit after breakfaste ltuos Luns wished to aculumrIy sa," beti I'dviscs her i6 delay her visit until I habt esceretained forsmyself how lie did. He1 wes lyingin 'iins bunl,?t large pipe in Isis moctht, otilsids he pulledl so heartilt that his cahbhin wis' dinm witll tolacco smoke. HIis cheek was supported by his elbow and his' s es' Tihcd uponff his watch, a superb gold timekeeper that dmhgled at the ex senntiy of a heavy chain hitched to a little Iriok-scrcwed into the deck over his bead." 0:I the back of thi~- wtch were his initials set in brilliants. and thcse gems made the "uldi?i? circleli? i?t'. !ol:,- a little body of Ivght as it hlu', ilotitonlcs before his intcntt gazes. Ie did not turn his head ibcn.L openedl .the dour, thse -looked at ate in as absent-minl'ed wasy when I nas aidr" entered. "AI!5'' fo exclanielogsidly, "it is you, Charles. You promed to sit with moe awhile last night." - "I did, htit the.hitelow was un endurable. It is io- lr now. The temperature of:thiisi c must bhe pro digious. v Whtvct ' 'c ians are you oaking g'_' aid'L' ' ;' None,' he ere ' I have slung tlie watch to ob?erve'if tf s any move ment in the yacht: Shies motionless. IMark it. There is no airbreadth of vibration. We are afloat dcourse ? " he said, suddenly looking a:. " I hope so," said I. -?eloat ? Why what do you suppose, f?wiP That we've gone to the bottoml" r" "It would be all ,iebr me," he answered with a .deep rs, and then applying himself to his ppiaain with a sort of avidity that suede e think of a hungry baby sucking at fiuling bottle. He clouded. the air witti acco smoke and said: "I am heartilyry of life !" "And why?" cried I:: 'bccauso we are in a dead calm with theustOr close aboard. The very deelis otting ? A calm of this kind penetrates hrough the pores of the skin, enteri;it soul and creates a thirsty yearning;'oeextinction. Bleing younger than ysou, WflI gve my self another twelve hour,5ani:he, if no breeze blows, I shall, like yo: be weary of life and desire to die." ' "It is easily tmainaged, ai'iife. "Yes, cried I, startled, 'no doubt. But thie weather may ic!pc ge, you know," and not at all relislhni'is remark nor the looks that acesioaied it I seized my hat and fell to i:ning the atmosphere with the notion dexpelling some of the tobacco smoke tilugh the open porthole. pf "I ass of opinion," eai?d , puffing and dropping hirs words alth-lely with die clouds hlie expelled whils t hkept his eyes fixed upon his watchl ':at, spite u of the arguments of the dsivi?cdife is a free gift to us to be dispesedof-as we may decide. Nature is invly com pensative. We are broug?ttto this world without our knowledge;, there fore, of course, without our:onsent, d'ye see, Charles," and here he illed his eyes upon me, "and by way f dilancing Uhis distracting obligation o'ccpulsory being, nature says you may db nat you like with existence : keep it or et with it." ), "I say, Wilfrid," said I, "re are surely more cheerful topics for ' equi noctial dog-day than this you havlighted on. Don't speculate, my dearellow; leave poor old nature alone. Tat short views, and let the puzzling distire un fold and determniino itself to youi aroaclh. It is the wayfarers who decline i look ahead, wbhowhistle as they trudgalong the road of life. The melanclbhot faces are tlhose whose eyes are endeaouring to see beyond the horizon towaidsrhich thlieyre advancing. Tellme nouiv-bout 1 this cabin door of yours. I1I dear fellow, it must h big enough this son ing to enable you to pass tbiupi ; so I eoies along on deek, will you, 1VWilfI ?" "Damn it, how blind you areI he exclaiimed. 0 "No, I'm not," said . "'Dyeo mean to say that you canisee what's lhapplened to ims since l'et L met?" " What now, Wilfrid ? " . "Vlihat now?" lie shouted. "lThy, I man, I ean't stand upright." k. "Why not ?" I asked. ;: "B ecause I'm too tall for this e?ls" lie answered in a voice of passionmd grief. ? "Pray when did you find tblat-o?" said I. "On rising to drecs myself this?mn in," he ansswered,"1 was obliged to ell ?myself in my bunk. What a drefil blow to befall a mnl I can't reven it my bed now, and everything I wiiit list be handed to me." Well, well! thought I; Cod and him soon. Hot as it was, a chilldrn thlrough me to thle erazy, wistful, dc'iir- I ful look hlie directed at nri, and I was oppressed for a moment with the same sicknless of heart that had risited me during my interview with him on the preceding day. "I had resolved to sell therbrde," mid he mournfully, putting his pipe into a shelf at the back of hin and folding his hands, which seemed to me to have grown thin and white during the past few days, upon his breast, "but I shan't be able to do so noiw." I was silent. "She will have to be broken up," he added. "Nonsense " I exclaimed. " But I say ?yes! " lie suddenly roared; "how the devil elseo amn I to get out of her!" "Oh, I see!" I answered soothingly, "I forgot that. But, Wilf, since you're too big to use this cabin for the present only, for I am certain you will diind!o to your old proportions before long, doh't you think you ought to have an atteriaht constantly with you, some one at land sitting here to wait upon you ? " "1AWhy, yes," said he, " no doubt d it. I am almost helpless now. But I'l not have that rascal Muflin." "No, no," said I. "Nor would the stewards nmake the sort of servants you want. If I were in your place I sould like to be waited on by a couple of jolly hearty sailors, fellows to take turt and turn about in looking after mse, daps with their memories full of long irns, unconventional, sympathetic, no ratter how rough their manners, agile, stregnas horses with lively limbs, used to spraglig about. One oi two such men are n.be met forward amongst your crew." "A good idea," lie cried. 'Gad! after my experiences of Muffin I'd asther beowaited upon by tihe tarriest of tarry tarpaulins than one of your sleeksoft stepping, trained rogues whio cons and ask you for a situation with an euellent character in one pocket from thir late master, and in the other the contetsi of his dressing-case. Ha, Ia, his I' and here he delivered one of his shliort s of laughter. (To be conltinued.) 