parliament: Tnunsbiy, oBPTBilBEn 18. legislative Assembly. The Speaeeb read prayers and took thq chair at 3.30 p.m. BURKE RECEIPTS. Mr. Palueb moved, — " That there belaid upon the table of the House a return showing : 1\. The amount of money paid into tho Con solidated Revenne from tho pastoral district of Burkefor pastoral ronts, survey fooB, and land revenue under oooupatiou lioonsos, &u.;, in the settled distriot of Burke. 2. Also tho amount of I custom duties received at the ports of Norman- j ton and Burketown, with all shipping receipts and amount of Goveinmont land sales, and tho total values of all exports and impacts into tho Gulf potts. 8. Also the amount of cxpsnditaro from loan fond on pnbtio workain tho towca and ports of Normanton and Burketown, such re turn to extend over a period of 10 years, end ing Juno 30, 1890." MOVEMENTS OF DREDGES. Mr. Palmes moved tho adjournment of tho HonBeto bring under notice tho removal of the drodge Hydra from Normanton. He had been requested by his constituents to protest against its removal, and had seen the Colonial Treasurer cfl the subject, who had said it was not to bo moved. JNow it had been removed ostensibly for repairs, bat he questioned whether snoh Tepsirs could not have been exeouted in Nor manton. He read telegrams from the munici pal counoil aad the divisional hoard at Norman ton protesting against the removal. A public meeting had also been held there for the same purpose. He considered that the removal of the dredge would be a very serious blow to the distriot. Sir S. W. Gmffith regretted the absence of the Coloniali Treaaurer, as he was the only one who conld give any information on the matter. He (Sir S._ W. Griffith) had hoard of the matter and had inqnired for an explanation, and had heard that it was necessary for the dredge to come down for repairs. A report from the Harbours and Rivers Department would soon he laid on the table of the House, whioh would give all reasons for its return. Mr. Little commented npon the treatment of Port Douglas with regard to dredges. Mr. Hoolan spoke as to the removal of the dredge. Mr. Macbossan also spoke, bnt a heavy shower of rain falling on the roof of the cham ber prevented his remarks from boing audible in the gallery. During lulls in the storm he was understood to express surprise at the re moval of the Hydra from the Norman River, and advocate the sending of a dredge to Port DodcIbb. Mr. Powees considered tho dredges were moved abont too frequently and quito unneces sarily. The Mary drodge, built originally for Maryborough, had been shifted, although greatly wonted for tho Mary River. Any repairs wanted conld be effected in Maryborough. Mr. O'Suixivan also contended againBt the removal of the Hydra from the Norman River. Mr. Tozeb said that he had heard of the removal of the dredge, and having inquired into it had learnt that it was absolutely neces sary for her to he brought to Brisbane for over- ham. He considered that the time had not yet arrived when Port Douglas bar Bhould be dredged. After further disoussion Mr. Palmer with drew his motion for adjournment. JUSTICES PREVENTION (BILL. The debate on the second reading of Mr. Gannon's bill was resumed. Mr. Gallan, in saying that he wonld oppose the bill, said it was well known the mattor was a purely personal one, levelled against the pre sent Chief Justice of Queensland and his sons, although the introducer (Mr. Gannon) had mentioned no names or persons in his remarks. He said there was no suoh law anywhere, except in one of the States of the Amerioan Union. Mr. Febexns : Speak np. 2b. O allan olaimed the protection of the chair from interruption. The (Sfkaebb cautioned Mr. Perkins not to interrupt, and said if he oontinued doing so his name would he given to the House. Mr. Pebkins : I cannot hear, and I want to. The Sfbaebb said if he were interrupted "kiln opooVinflf Tie wAnld fi&TTlft; fho mornkdi ?n« terrupting at onoe. Mr. Callan oontinued his remarks, and pro mised to divide the House over the hill if no one else did. Mr. Bablow had promised to support the hill, and was going to speak in favour of it. There was no uso mentioning names, bnt he could say that there were four families so interlaced as to he praotically indivisible, that inoluded bench bar, and solicitors. The lawyers had the oloBest trades union in the world, and one of the most tyrannical, and there was as much danger in lawyer craft as priestoraft. Mr. Mubphz wonld vote against the bill, whioh he said Bhould be termed the " Chief Justice Impeachment Bill." Mr. Morgan had made a charge against the Chief Justice, whioh was virtually one of ccllnsion between that gentleman and his sons. Mr. Moboan said he was not going to speak on the matter until the bill was in committee, hut after Mr. Murphy's remarks ho would speak now. He had heard that some members of the bar had to all intents and purposes "briefed" certain members of the House to put certain statements right. He then went into detail over a oase in which he and others inter ested were told that they had better forogo their oase, as the "Father, Son, and Holy Ghost" were against them. Since he had spoken on tho address in reply, tho solicitors and the barristers interested had waited npon him and asked him to state he had been miBreported, or else to withdraw his remarks, both of whieh he had deolined. In support of hie statement he read letters from the Rev. Robert Fraser and W. Hollands, both of whom were present at the ease ia point, sub stantiating his remarks. Ho would support the hill all through. He would like to hear the lawyers express their opinions, far ho knew a state of terrorism wbb oxorted over them by the combination, and the whole matter was a glaring scandal. Mr. Rees R. Jones said he had read the pleadings of the Warwiok oase and waB quite satisfied that Mr. Morgan and his co-defendants could never have won the oase in point. He regarded the hill as a slur upon the Chief Justice, who was moBt estimable ia ull situa tions of life. Ho would oppose the bill. Mr. Aonew moved the adjournment of the debate, Mr. Gannon moving that the debate stand an order of the day for that day fortnight. PAPERS. The Premier laid upon tho table of tho House the reports of tho Inspector of Distilleries and of the Engineer for Harbours and Rivers. The papers were ordered to be printed. CHINESE RESTRICTION. With the permission of tho Honse, Mr. Maobobsan made a personal explanation re garding his aotion with referenao to the Onineso ReBtriotion Bill. A charge had been made by the Premier ; that he had tried to obstruot thiB hill. He looked npon suoh a ohorge as insulting, and trusted that the Premier would withdraw the statement. The hill had been blocked in tho other Honse by the mismanagement of tho Leader of tho Government thero, as ho could not seoure a sufficient number of members to suspend tho standing orders. Sir 8. W. Gbiffite, in reply, contendod that the inferenoe bo had drawn from what had taken place was not nn unnatural one, and if it was an unfair one, he withdrew his statements. Although Mr. Mao- zoes&n; had not aatually opposed tho hill, he ' had used arguments whioh certainly oould not be said to bo in favour of the hill. His andienco had consisted in part of a larger number of membors of the Upper House than , usual, and when tho bill had been actually blocked by tho members of the Uppor House who ordinarily followed tho lato Government, it was not an unnatural inferenoo that Mr. Mao- rossan had been responsible in some measure for the mattor. Hcwovor, he ropoatod that if his remarks were unfair, ho wiiiingiy withdrew the statement. AUDIT ACT AMENDMENT RTT.T. Tho Houbo went into oommitteo to oonsidor the advisability of introducing a hill to moke better provision for keeping accounts of the ex penditure oi public moneys raised by way of loan and otherwise to amend the Audit Aot of 1874. The introduction of the hill was a' aaA t ' nn tho motion of the Treasurer, was a fw time, ordered to he printed, and i' - ing made an order of the day fo Tuy n0xt" 