There is no doubt that Mr Munro’s indictment of ttie Govern ment upon the failure of the Premiertocall Parliament together, as he promised, the first week in May, for the purpose of considering the Railway Construction Bill, and his attempt to give precedence to Federal resolutions, has been the means of not only strengthening his own following, but bringing the Ministry to their knees and making them cry peerort in no un certain voice. Wh*t the country wants, and must have, is the intro duction of the Railwny Bill as a first measure before that of any other, instead of which the Govern ment were evidently determined, had it not been for Mr Munro’s motion, to hold over as long as possible, dreading the discussion which was sure to bring out matters connected with the mis management of the finances of the country under the present Govern ment, which would demonstrate beyond doubt Mr Gillie’s incapacity for his office of Treasurer, which the fictitious nature of his notorious surplus budget only too plainly ^demonstrated. Though one cannot accuse him ot falsifying it, we cannot acquit him of the charge of gross incompetence and an igno rance of figures which would dis grace a schoolboy, otherwise how could he possibly have made such a bungle in his calculations as to make that a surplus which was in fact a deficit P Such an act cannot but effect the credit of the colony, J aud was an inexcusable error, in fact an unpardonable one in a man in the position of a treasurer, and to which the Opposition were quite justified in taking objection, and using it as a trump card against the Government. No one con siders, however, that Mr Munro’s motion, which amounted to a want of confidence, would be carried on these grounds, but it served to shake the Government in public estimation, and that was all the Opposition aimed at or expected. Mr Gillies, of course, took the aooucation like a lamb —without a single bleat. Under such circum stances, we don’t well see how the Premier can, with any show of justice, characterise the position of his Government as “ unassailable,” particularly if, as is stated, it takes the £4,000,000 loan iu addition to the £1,600,000, not floated to meet existing engagements, consequently we don’t see that any portion of the new loan can be available for new lines, but it has this redeeming feature about it, namely—that it may pnt a brake upon the Govern ment propensity of constructing lines to all sorts of impossible places, where there is no trade, in the hope of creating some, not withstanding their experience ol what similar ruinous policy has done for New Zealand, and by which the revenue of that country has been impoverished. We do not imagine that Mr Munro’s amendment, which practically amounted to a want of confidence, will be carried as the majority on the Government side is too strong; besides, it is hardly the wish of the country that the Government should retire in favor of the Oppo sition. The country has been most flourishing under the Coalition Government, and is not disposed to censure too severely any such laches as those of which the Premier is accused. The main object of Mr Munro's formal, indictment of the Government was, no doubt, for the purpose of forcing from it a distinct promise to proceed with' the discussion of the Railway Con struction Bill before resolution of the Federal Conference, which can well stand over, as well as give place to the more urgent, and cer tainly more pressing interests of the country, and it was nothing but the resolute action taken by the leader of the Opposition in this matter that brought the Govern ment to book. The Premier con siders Mr Munro’s moving the want of confidence motion as trivial, but Mr Munro disposes of any such idea by confessing his willingness to withdraw his amend ment if the Government will promise to have the Railway Construction Bill read the first time before the federal proposals are considered The main peg oh which the Oppo sition bang their grievances is the non-performance by the Govern ment to fulfil their promise to call ‘ Parliament together the the first week in May instead of the fourth. That is their main plank, but the real reason of the attack on the Government was not the non-performance of its promise to call Parliament together during the fust week in May, but the fear that the Railway Bill, upon which they hope to defeat the Govern ment, was not to be made a first measure, and the question in which the public are the most in terested. It is, however, the height of folly for the Opposition to expect that they can defeat the Government on any such pretence as many things might occur to pre vent the Premier from keeping his promise that Parliament should be called together at the time pro posed, and we very much doubt it Mr Munro thought for a second that his motion would be seriously considered by the House. The Opposition must know that they are sure to be detcated on it. The “ accusation that thunders in the index” is not mighty enough to do its work. The motion may have, and probably has, a slightly dama ging effect on the Government, but it is too strong to be affected in juriously, the Ministry being in the ' majority by some fifteen votes ; however, it may serve to show up some of its shortcomings and Ministerial bungling, as also its rotten railway botching and mis management. There is no mistake that Mr Munro's motion forced Mr Gillies’s hand, whose assurance that the Railway Bill was ready, and would be the first measure of the session, was a decided victory on the part of the Opposition, who justly concluded that had it not been for Mr Munro's motion no such assurance would have been given. The object of the Opposi tion all through has. of course, been to damage the Government in the eyes of public by making the most of the blots upon their escutcheon, the greatest upon which, although made the chief point d’accusation, is their false surplus, and next their railway administration, which has been so bad as to raise the indigna tion of the whole colony. It is not any railway extension that is wanted so much as better and more intelligent management of those lines already constructed, and a more careful and liberal treatment of the public. The opinion may be that Mr Munro is trying to buy cheap popularity by taking to himself the credit of forcing the hand of the Ministry to do what they say they intended doing, but the intention is not the act. There is no cushioning the fact that the Opposition has several very grave charges to bring against the Go vernment, amongst which was the announcement by the Minister of a surplus of £1,700,000 on the finan cial year, whereas all but £600,000 was simply mythical, and of which the greater portion went in the shaDC of bonuses to wine urmuorc and horticulturalists. Again, the estimated expenditure for the year, especially m the Railway depart ment, had been exceeded by £760,000, but Mr ,Gillies knew j nothing about it when it was dis covered, for which there can be no possible excuse, indeed we must do Mr Gillies the credit to say he didn’t attempt any. It is only too plain that the present Government is not capable of administering the affairs of the country, and this, nc submit. Mr Munro has pretty plainly shown when quoting the following comments on the last loan from the Statist, which says:— “ As that colony has already been almost an annual applicant for financial help in the London market, as it has been for some I years expending several millions j annually, on an average, out of loan moneys, and as its credit has | hitherto been regarded with lavour, its appearance as a borrower on the present occasion can hardly be said to take us by surprise. By the force ol habit chronic debtors, oddly enough, come at length to expect their demands to be com plied with almost as a matter of right. But the circumstances under which the forthcoming loan is found necessary are so damaging to the Treasury administration of the colony that intending investors are justified in requiring some guaran tee against the recurrence of such unpardonable recklessness’ as the Government now stands charged with before the local Parliament and an indignant colonial public.. The fact seems to be that Mr Gillies, the political head of the Treasury, had no knowledge of finance until he became Treasurer.” Has he now ? Shbppahtox State School. — The examination of the children attending the Shepparton State School, No 1469, has just been concluded by the District Inspector, Mr A. Dean ; and the results m«y be looked upon as being very satis factory. About 250 pupils woro pro seated, last year 62 per centage of passes were gained, inclusive of bonus ; this year, uuder the management of Mr W. It. Smith, tho results have been raised to 95 per cent. For tone, con duct of children, state of school premises, etc, the full merit grant has been awarded. Singing, drawing and drill are particularly well taught. Eighteen certificates were obtained by the children in the upper classes. Comoopka Sociai_This evening, a social is to be held in connection with the Wesleyau Sunday School, Congupna West A programme has bceu prepared, comprising a number of interesting items, oesides a number of sougs and recitations by the children Tne proceeds are to i« devoted to ttie Sunday School fund, and the admission being only nominal, a good attendance ia to be expeuted. Ubyxmid in Tuouiu.k.—A remark able capture of two full-grown foxes was undo by a shooting party cm Wed nosday afternoon on Ballmsttum hill, near Euros. Mr Frank Wilson was the fortunate sportsman. lie was some distance up the hill, and Mr Carriek, who was lower clown, disturbed a fox, which ran within range of Mr Wilson s gnn, and paid the penalty with his life, although lie made matters lively for iiis captors before finally yielding up the ghost. Some time afterwards another fox w.ys found and shared the same fate. The animals are now on view at Enro l. Simonson's Opera Thorpe. — The visit to Shcpparton of the Opera Troupe engaged by Mr artin Simomen, was indeed a treat for the townspeople. The company comprises performers of undoubted merit, and then- are able to appear to ever advantage under the cuuductorship of Mr Sioumseu iss Elsa May ri the prinri >/ "Ca>/, and cm each night she scored unmistakable success, her vivacious acting ancl sing ing being in every wav attractive. On Friday night she appeared in the title role Maritana, which popular opera gave good scope for showing her powers is an artiste, the songs of pathos being as much suitable to her nature (or as much under the control of her art) as the sparkling ditties in which she appeared so charming. Miss Dora do Vere as Lazarillo, the poor boy who has been apprenticed to a hard taskmaster, acted and song her part very suitably, though the performance of the second evening showed silo was capable of effectively rendering parts of greater force and weight of character. As the Mar chioness, Miss Julia Beaumont acted with',a keen sense of the humor of the situation in which she appeared to the critical Don Ciesar, under the pretense of being his veiled bride whom he had married unseen. The spirit and haughty disdain She evinced at being rejected as horrible by the Count, immediately her j Face was unveiled, was ready a treat to witness, and the audience entered heartily into the comicality of the I scene, and Applauded Miss Beaumont. I and Mr Salinger (tho Marquis; in genuino thankfulness for such hearty amusement. As Don Caesar do Bazaii, Mr Jules Simonson acquitted himself I very creditably, his fine tenor voice being heard to advantage in the many beautiful songs of tho opera, and his acting of the careless but good hearted hero being consistent throughout. Mr Percy Shannon lm3 a fino baritone voice, and as the scheming Don Jose de San tarem acted and sang effectively though at times he seemed unfamiliar with his lines. Mr F. Wentworth as the King of Spain, acted the jvissiouate monarch with becoming dignity, but these two List mentioned artists appeared to better advantage on tho second evening in the Bohemian Gill. Mr Herbert Salinger made a capital Marquis, and the “make up ” of the old man was very artistic, character impersonation being appar ently Mr Salinger’s Ibrle. On Saturday evening when the Bohemian Girl was presented, the company again proved themselves “star” entertainers. Miss Eisa May made “a dear little Gipsy Girl ’’ as Arline ; Miss Dora de Vere as the Queon of tho Gipsies acted with good dramatic effect ; Mr Jules Simon son made an interesting hero, as Thadd eus, and Mr Percy Shannon appeared to advantage as Count Arnheim. But the fun of the evening was in the hands of Mr F. Wentworth as Devilslmof ; ami Mr H. Salinger as Florestein, who were very interesting fellows. The by play of Mr Wentworth as the Gipsy leader, especially when ho entered the Count’s apartments and made himself at home (unasked), was diverting ; while tho dude Florestein of Mr Salinger was a piece of first-class character impersona tion. The other parts were capably performed, and the singing throughout each performance was excellent. It is rare that provincial towns have similar opportunities of listening to high class opera performed in such style. The costumes were appropriate, hut the scenery not so. During the interval Wwpnn the first and second acts of Maritana, Sir Sinionsen rouilorod some popular melodies with variations on the violin, which were enthusiastically re ceived. He is undoubtedly a master of the violin and a finished musician. A SnonTir.vNn Class.—On Friday evening last a meeting was held in the United Methodist Church, W'elsford street, at the invitation of Rev .J. Barn ingham, when several intending students of the art of shorthand met together to arrange matters in connection with the formation of a class. The rev gentleman being well aware of tho usefulness of phonography, both as an educational stimulus, leading to a love for study and literature, and as an over-ready help in every business, has decided to form a class, and teach those young people who are sufficiently awake to the advantages that the mastery of shorthand affords. He has generously offered to conduct the classes gratuitously, and as there can bo no doubt whatever of the benefit the art is to those who acquire it, and as the class is to be open to all, we trust that those for whom the benefit is in tended will join at once, and encourage their teacher by their diligence. The class Is to meet every Friday night at 7.45 in the church, and those who intend to join should commence as soon as possible, not to be left behind. Rowing Club Ball.—It has alrevdy been intimated in these columns that the Shcpparton Rowing Club are to have a ball before very long. A meeting was arranged to be liehl last Friday evening to mako arrangements for it, but probably because there were so many- attractions on the same evening, there was no quorum and no business could be arranged. A Needed Bkidge—Tho attention of tho authorities should be called to the need for a foot bridge at the corner of Corio and Knight streets. On the way to tho Catholic Church on Sun day evening, some difficulty was ex perienced by even athletic young men in crossing the drain, and, we are in formed, one fell into it. If this bo the case, tho difficulty must be much greater to ladies, and it is to bo oxpected that at the. next meeting of the Council the needed improvement will bo spoken of, though it is required immediately in a temporary form, the wet weather tnak ing the roads so slippery that all attempts at jumping from wet gruuud to dry, are as dangerous as futile. Healthy Fiturr Specimens.—In tho window of Mr T. Geddes, Frycrs-street, there are two interesting specimens of a kind of fruit not very often seen. They arc ticketed “ Shaddocks Shepparton Production,” aud on enquiry, we ascer tained . that thoy were grown in Mr Geddes’ garden. They are supposed to be a fruit of tho orange family, being distinguished from a lemon by a pecu liarity of leaf while resembling the orange in this matter. Within, when ripe, they are divided into sections, after the style of oranges but the segments separate inoro readily. Tho fruit is commonly grown in India, where it is . greatly valued for its pleasant taste, but in this conntry, like as to tho pomegranate, opinions differ regarding the pleasantness of its taste, and it is not yet popularly admitted as of the best flavor. Mr Geddes has a large number of specimens of the fruit, but the two in his window are of unusually large size and weight, and are worthy of inspection. Obituauy.—Tho hand of death has again been heavy in our midst, and on Saturday, another old resident of Shep Krton in the person of Mrs Edwaras ore generally known as Mrs Slade), succumbed at the age of 66. The Funeral took place on Monday, and tha snangementa for it were carried out by exam Kittle Bros. Uir-t.s atiiolio CHURCH. — We arc !• I ... 1 .i a xtSunday morning .1 col la ti.ni in iiiil or-tlio Mooroopna Hospital, Will,. i.■ ill Ihc Homan Catholic liv.i.ww I’untess.--From the ru‘ tnni. 1 I 11- i.v Min c.nirr.-ay • lhe tub a 1. ndi." il . itAppvirs tli-ii the revoini-.- :..r M i.v iia, iioeu onii-idci'inly less ihi 1 ilia; f .1- tu.! previous month. Theto ru 1717 p.isseugcrs booked in M ay. tno revenue from name being L2S7 10s (M. while for April there u*crc liJtiO wit-t .. .w.-ime •if L373 10-. However there is always a filing lit! in the revenue in the winter months. Hf 1 in I'nisiiN'isc—An accident oc curred on .Saturday to Mr 1'rat.t, the well known builder Whilst engaged oil I lilt day ill taking down a galvanised iron roof at Mrs Hadley's, Edward street, bis foot slipped by reason of the looseness of a piece of canvass, and a pi.ee of the iron was jolted against the upper joint of the first linger of bis right hand. It bad been previously bruised and was nearly healed, but as everybody knows, a place once sore seems always in more danger than any other. A nasty cut was the result, anti that night Mr Pratt was awakened by considerable pain when he found his left arm had swollen to a consider able extent. Poultices were applied, but the pain did not cease until yester day The swelling still continued there, but Mr Pratt expects to be soon re covered. It is well-known that galvan ised iron is a very nasty tiling to get cut with, and we hope Mr Pratt will soon be aide to resume his work. Government Accocnts. — Accounts for the following are at the .Sub Treasury in addition to some previonsly mentioned :—J. Friser, T. Mundelein, Sliepparton Urban Water Works and Shepparton Shire Council. I Sou-Division Sai.k.—Mr Geo. North has decided to hold a sale of his land on the Dookie road. It will be divided into 20 acre blocks, and it is likely that there will be a good brisk compe tition for them. A Social Evening.—The Mutual im provement Society which meets every Monday evening in the United Meth odist Church, had a social meeting last night when a number of friends as sembled. Songs, recitations, etc., were rendered, and a pleasant time was spent. Our Footballers.—Next Saturday our local footballers arc to play against Major Plains Football Club, at Dookie, when it is to be ltopcd a full team will be sent. "We are informed that the reason only altont half a team went last Saturday to Wunghnu was because a report had some how been circulated among the members that the match had been cancelled, with the result that many did not go to the station. On the return match with Wunghnu, to be played in Shepparton on Saturday week, the local men will have a good opportunity of ^proving their mettle, anil a win is expected for them. When the Wunghnu footballers were photo graphed, they looked a tine team, their uniforms adding to the effect. It is a pity the Shepparton men have not attended to this matter of dressing in one uniform ; help is given the players by teams having no mixed colours, as well as to spectators, whose enjoyment, in a great measure, de pends npon quickly detecting to which side a player belongs. A Bcggy Accident.—On Friday last, three young ladies, the Misse3 Gemmill, Uerivood and another, whose name we are at present unable to state, were out for a dtive in a baggy, when their horse bolted, and running the buggy against a tree, over turned it, with the result that the young ladies were thrown out. Miss Herwood. unfortunately, had her collar hone broken, and was taken to her home, where she now remains, and is recovering from the shook. The other ladies, we are glad to be able to state, sustained no injuries, but, of Course, their nerves were a little affected, and they will not be H’.-i- ly to forget tbeir drive. On the whole it nny ho reckoned as fortunate that the injuries were not more serious. Tobacco Factory.—A meeting of the growers of tobacco leaf and those willing to join with them in starting a factory in Wangnratta will be held at 3 p.111. on Thursday next (market day) at Oabold stonc’s hall, Wangaratta. Collapse op the Hugo Minstrels.— This company reached Wangaratta on Wednesday, but the members declined to play here unless MrClias. Hugo paid their salaries—which ho had omitted to do >n several cases. He had the money, tliey said, but having gone on a drinking bout declined to fpay them, spat in the t.icc of one of the company, etc. etc. The per formance was not given, thereforee, as expected, although a largo uambor of people had assembled at the Theatre Royal. Next morning Mr CIus. Hugo left by the express for Melbourne leaving the members of his company (including his brother) penniless. He left other debts unpaid. The people of the town subscribed nearly enough to pay the expenses of the troupe to Melbourne, aud this, with the proceeds of an entertainment given in the evening, delivered them from an awkward dilemma. —Chronicle. 