EARLY VOYAGING THROUGH TORRES STRAITS. NABBAT! VE OF PERSONAL EXPEBIENOES, Br S. K. A. ARTICLE IV. It will be remembered that Bill Perry, the man who jumped overboard outside Sydney Heads, stated he would never turn to work, and up to this time he had kept his word. He ate, slept, smoked, and when he could, read ; but he would do nothing. At first he was isolated from the crew, and slept in the 'tween decks. His tobacco was stopped : he was advised and reasoned with, by both crew and officers ; but all to no purpose, and then he was allowed to live in the foreoastle with the crew, Well, the day we left Booby Island, when the men went to their tea in the foreoastle, both watches together, as they had been up all day, Perry didn't put in an appearance, but beyond a passing remark no notice was taken of his absence. But at eight p.m., when it was customary for one of the men to give him a pipeful of tobacco every night, his not turning up created sur- prise, and a search about the decks and 'tween decks was made. Then the matter was reported by the man at the wheel to the skipper; a thorough search was made throughout the ship, and in an hour everyone was convinced he was not on board. An entry was made in the log book and read to all hands, and witnessed by two of the crew as being correct. The men's opinion was asked by the captain, and it seemed to be the general idea that he had, unperceived, left the ship and swam for Booby Island. The boatswain Peebles, however, stated that in a conversation he had with him when at anchor under Goode leland, Perry had spoken very despondently, and said he would jump over- board and go to hell at once. On Peebles telling him he would be deuced glad to get back, Perry had said he didn't know about that, it couldn't be much worse " than this hooker ;" and, said the boatswain, " I'm under the impression he's jist gane that gate." Of course there was a good deal of talk about Perry in the forecastle. His hook pot was given to one of the apprentices, who had none, and his plate, knife, and fork to another boy, while his chest was taken out of the forecastle and put into the 'tween decks aft. At night, the appren- tices, and I think the men too, were a little nervous ; there was a good deal of yarning in the first watch about ghosts and wraiths, and it was quite evident that some of the men were very superstitious. Next day, as I have already said, we were very busy getting up a new top-gallant mast, and Perry was during the day forgotten ; but in the second dog watch the probability of his being drowned or reaching the island was discussed, and more ghost stories related. The weather was fine, and the wind light ; there was no moon, and it was dark enough to make everything very indistinct about the decks ; in the middle watch a heavy rain cloud passed over, causing the wind to haul a little, and the mate gave the order " Starboard fore brace." The watch began to haul on the brace, when the third mate, who was standing on the rail pulling before all, said " One of you boys slack port fore sheet," and an ordinary seaman named " Davy " went to do so. We all stood wait- ing to hear him sing out " all slack," Instead of which he yelled, in a voice which sounded half like a shriek. " A ghaist ! a ghaist !" The effect was electric. Every soul in the watch seemed to have been expecting "a ghaist." All dropped the fore brace, and the third mate's fingers were jammed in the blocks, skinning the flesh off. Jumping off the rail amongst the men, who were all bolt- ing like the mischief for the cuddy door, he fell on a man named Alick Wills, who seemed to think he was ghaist-struck, and clawed to get clear like a maniac. The men who got aft first met the first mate and Davy, scooting round the capstan like the wind, and took the former for the " ghaist," and they all tumbled into the cabin in a lump. The man who had the lookout on the forecastle head jumped down and rushed into the forecastle, bellowing and yelling like a lunatic to wake the watch, and they to a man went aft in their drawers to the cuddy, Then came the second mate in his drawers, and the steward in his shirt. Next the captain appeared dressed, he having evidently slept ready for a call. " What in the name of God is the matter, Mr. Brown," he asked the chief officer, who fortunately was saved answering by Davy, who, as pale as death, without a hat, and his hair sticking straight out all round his head, exclaimed : "I saw a ghaist, sir! Bill Perry withot any een." Captain Smith, who was a Kircaldy man, relapsed, as he was wont when excited, into broad Scotch, and said : " You damned fule, where was yer ain een ? Go to your bunks watch below." Then the bell on the poop struck one, and everybody looked at the other. "Who's at the wheel," said the cap- tain, and running up the after com- panion on to the poop, he found the man at the wheel knew nothing about the "ghaist," and wondering why the yards were not trimmed, blew out the binnacle light, and then struck the bell to bring someone to light it ; of course he did not tell the cap- tain this. The captain then returned to the main deck amongst the men while they trimmed the yards, and when finished, called them all aft, and questioned Davy, who stated that he left the starboard fore brace and went round forward to the port fore sheet. He stooped down and took it off the cavil, and when he raised himself up, Bill Perry was standing alongside him, and when he looked at him, he saw Perry had no eyes. He was told he saw the chief mate, Mr. Brown, who was on that side of the deck slacking away the braces ; but the mate de- clared he never went forward of the fore brace pin, which was close to the main rigging. Now, Davy was at the middle shroud of the fore rigging. Not only that, but Davy swore he felt Perry, as in his terror he shoved at him to get away, and that he caught the chief mate, who was running close to the capstan. The captain tried to make all be- lieve Davy had been mistaken, and pointed to the fact of feeling the object, as proving it was no "ghaist ;' but to his great disgust the boatswain exclaimed— "I kenned it weel, Jock. The laddie wadna stop there." " Stop where ? Ye damned old fule " roared the captain, who was exasperated at being called "Jock" before the crew— although all knew they had been schoolmates. " Ye ken ye drove him tilt, and I shouldna wonder if he comes again every nicht," answered the boatswain. ' Go to the devil, the lot of you," was all the reply the captain gave. The men went forward ; but it was a good job nothing was required to be done aloft, for I am sure the men were frightened of their own shadow. The captain went with the carpenter and nailed the tarpaulin down on the fore hatch, and put a batten across the scuttle that gave communication to the lower forecastle, but which was not used as the crew were domiciled in the topgallant forecastle. The next morning all hands were told to go to breakfast at seven bells. At eight bells the mate was stationed in the men's side of the forecastle, and the third in in the boy's side, the second mate in the cuddy, and all the crew, with the carpenter, on the poop. The cap- tain then, with the boatswain and four apprentices, examined carefully with lamps the tween decks and lower hold, which con- tained only ballast and lunnage wood, and water in casks and tanks. They then went through the lazarette, forepeak, longboat, and even cast adrift the lee topgallant studding sail on the main top, but found nothing. The captain evidently believed Davy had seen Perry, but in the body, and it was quite clear he was taken aback at not finding him. The men were now quite convinced that it was Perry's ghost Davy had seen. The weather continued very fine, and the wind very light. We were now in the Timor Sea, and had lost sight of all out late consorts, but had seen one or two junks or prahus, and those captain Smith was evidently more concerned about than Perry's ghost. Piratical junks and prahus we knew were fre- quently met in these waters, and with light winds there would be small chance for us with our wretched armament of two four-pounders, ten flint lock muskets, and about double that number of cutlasses and flint lock horse pistols. Nothing unusual occurred the night after that on which the ghost was seen ; but the men were afraid of their shadow. The watch on deck kept on the forecastle head with the lookout all the four hours, except during a light squall, when the royals were taken in. It was usual for two boys to go up and furl the main royal, and one each to the fore and mizzen : but on this night nothing would induce a boy to go up alone to either sail. The second mate told an A.B. to go up and furl the sail, but I noticed the boy went with him ; even the officer of the watch seemed to keep pretty close to the wheel. Of course all this was very annoying to the cap- tain, who was under sufficient anxiety from the light winds and strong currents in this then considered intricate and dangerous navi- gation. The next day at sunset a native craft of con- siderable size was seen on our starboard quarter. We could not make he out to be a junk or prahu, but she was certainly not of European rig, and she appeared to be nearing us when we lost sight of her at dark. At this time Malay and Chinese junks were supposed to be as plentiful as bonitos in these seas, and blood-curdling yarns of their doings were current with sailors. The captain seemed very fidgetty about her, and at four bells all hand were called aft, and one of the guns was taken from the main deck and placed aft on the poop ; tackles and breeching put on ; a powder cartridge rammed home ; and a bucket of iron balls, about an inch in diameter, hung alongside the carriage. The gun on the main deck was also loaded, and I could hear the ring of the iron ram-rods in the old " Bessies" as the mate and steward loaded them in the cuddy. The boatswain and carpenter were put into watches ; as a general rule they slept in all night. The anxiety of the captain relative to the character of the prahu or junk in eight was equally shared by the whole crew ; all the watch were on the qui vive, and kept peering over the starboard rail ; for the time no one seemed to be expecting Perry's reappearance. About ten o'clock a light was reported astern, and a sort of flash or flare up was seen at short intervals for an hour or so ; then it disappeared altogether. It was thought that it might be one of the vessels we had left astern of us overhauling os bringing up the wind. At midnight the watch was relieved, and the starboard watch came on deck. The wind was very light and dead aft, and there was not a sound except the flapping of the square sails forward against the masts, as they were becalmed by those on the mainmast ; and the tramp, tramp of the second mate as he walked up and down the poop. There was a long steady swell coming right after us, and every- thing was conducive to drowsiness. Half an hour after the port watch had turned in, there was no sign of life apparent except from the second officer, and the occasional squeak of the wheel chains ; both ghost and pirates were forgotten, and the watch were dozing about the decks. At 1 a. m., however, everyone was brought to their feet by the most fearful shrieks, and cries in the boy's side of the topgallant forecastle. The watch on deck all ran forward, but the boatswain, Peebles, was ahead of everyone. The men paused in a group at the galley; but the boatswain went to the forecastle door, and sliding it back, there stood Bill Perry in a long dilapidated overcoat reaching to his heels, and an old felt hat which he used to wear at times in cold weather. His own hook pot was in his hand, raised half-way between his waist and mouth, and there was some- thing peculiar about the upper part of his face. The slush lamp was burning, and just gave sufficient light to show the boatswain and the men that it was Perry undoubtedly whether in the flesh or spirit they knew not. The boatswain evidently was convinced it was the latter, for he apostrophised it in the fol- lowing fashion— "Gude be merciful to us, I telt ye laddie ye'd no stay wi' Auld Reekie, Aye, ye may weel be drouthy. Eh mon, ye hae singed your een ! Gude guide us, laddie, ye are no oot yet !" and sure enough smoke was issuing from one of his coat pockets.. To this the ghost responded— " Which of you d— boys has collared my piste and knife !" And then out jumped the boys, who had been cringing and trembling in their bunks, and in rushed the skipper. To collar, drag out, and pummell the ghost was the work of a few seconds. This latter operation was con- tinued until the chief officer steppod forward and dragged the captain off, when the ghost at once said, "I appeal to all you men to take notice that I have given no provocation to captain Smith that he should so grossly assault me. " " Dinna haver laddie, ye ken yere no oot yet," said the boatswain, and sure enough during the rough and tumble with the skipper, sparks had been flying from Perry's coat pocket. Perry was ordered aft, the carpenter was told to put irons on him, and he was confined in one of the cuddy berths for the time. Later on he stated to the captain, and requested it to be entered in the lug book, that for some time he had been partially blind, and suffered acute pain in his eyes ; that he went into the lower forecastle and thence into the hold, where, in the semi- darkness, he found relief ; that he had slept nearly all the time, and had not heard the search party ; that he wasn't hungry until the night he was discovered in the forecastle ; and that he utterly repudiated having been on deck previous till then. However, he afterwards told the boatswain that he had knocked in the head of one of the tier of casks containing fresh water, the ends of which were stowed close to the duunage wood, and he crept in when anyone came into the hold. He had, of course, plenty of water, and could get bread and preserved meat out of the after peak. He in- tended to keep quiet until the vessel got to a port, and then swim ashore, when, of course, he would be secure from any search being made for him. He had come on deck in search of tobacco, the first time being seen by Davy before he could obtain any. The second time he secured a pipe—which one of the men had evidently just laid down, as it set fire to his pocket, thus accounting for the smoke which so sorely disturbed Pebbles— and was then tempted to go into the boy's forecastle to obtain a pannikin and knife. Finding the boy asleep, and seeing his iron hook pot hanging on the youngster's bunk, filled with cold tea, he was just raising it to his lips when the boy woke and gave the alarm. At the time he was wearing an old green shade over his eyes, which he had used previously when his eyes were affected. It was very satisfactory to all of us to be able to account for our ghost, and at daybreak we could better account for our pirate, for there she was about six miles on our starboard quarter, to all appearance a huge prahu with two huge sails, and showing no colours. This was looked on as ominous, as it was considered she would show the Dutch ensign if she were a trader. We had now a five- knot breeze dead aft, and by 10 a.m. it was quite evident that the stranger wanted to ap- proach nearer, as she kept hauling up ; at times she dropped astern a little, then she steered parallel with us, and held her own. At noon, after taking the sun, the skipper wanted to alter the course to the northward ; but this would have brought us much nearer, if not very close, to the prahu, and we con- tinued to steer as before. At 2 p.m.,., however, we hauled up two points, and set the spanker and jib, and the prahu was then about four miles off, a little abaft the beam, and steering so that if she sailed faster than us, she would cross our bows. At 4 p.m. she was much closer to us. The wind was freshening, and she was evidently sailing the faster of the two. Captain Smith watched her constantly through his telescope, and he told the mate she was crowded with people. Whan eight bells struck at, 4 p.m., the watch were told not to go below, and once all hands were on deck, they were called aft to the break of the poop, when the captain told them it was his opinion the strange vessel was a Malay pirate, and if attacked they must do their best to beat her off. If the pirates took¡the vessel, he said, they were sure to murder as all, and scuttle the ship, for fear of detection by the Dutch. All the old flint muskets already loaded, and with bayonets fixed, were then brought up and laid on the thauts of the quarter boats, eighteen cutlasses were distributed to the the men, and all the old flint horse pistols loaded and laid on the poop skylight. A bag of iron musket balls was put into each of the two guns, with a four-pound ball on top ; and the carpenter made a little metal spout for each, to hold the priming. The ordinary coppers were removed out of the caboose, and the immigrants coppers that had been in use on the passage out, were placed in their stead. These were half filled with water, then the head of the slush cask was taken out, and the cask set close to the galley door. The carpentor made two big ladles out of a sheet of copper, and put handles over 3 ft. long to them. Next some ballast stones were got up and placed in each gangway, then a tarpaulin was nailed to the guardboard of the main and mizen channels, and stretched up tight to the topgallant rail to prevent boarding by the chain plates. This done, all hands were given a tot of grog, and sent to tea. Just before dark the prahu hoisted a long black flag, and burnt a fire or torch, and all of us said she was crowded with men. After a hearty tea, the men, who were now thoroughly impressed with the seriousness of the position, commenced rubbing up their cutlasses with pieces of sandstone, or an old file, and the grindstone. A line was set up from the fore and main rigging to steady the men who were to stand on the main rail, and heave the ballast stones that the boys were to pass up to them. At eight bells " Grog, oh," was sung out again, and the watch below were told to lay down in their clothes. At 10 p.m. the prahu was within a quarter of a mile of us, and the cook was sent into the galley with instructions to keep the coppers boiling, and the two iron rods used to fire the four-pounders, red-hot. Then the ship was kept dead before the wind ; but the prahu followed. The muskets and pistols were now given to the men, but with strict orders not to fire until the captain should give the sign, which was to be the firing of his own revolver. The carpenter was placed at the gun on the poop, and the main deck gun was shifted over to the same side, and given in charge of the second mate, a boy being told off to get the red-hot iron for each. There was a flickering fire or light on board the prahu, just suffi- cient to show her decks crowded with crouching Malays. Our boatswain was on a hatch, resting on planks stretched from the longboat to the rail, in charge of the boiling water, slush tab, and ladles. The prahu was now within easy speaking distance, and our captain hailed her. "What vessel is that?" Something which we could not understand was shouted in response. " What do you want ?" was next asked, but no reply was given. Presently he shouted again, " What do you want ? Keep off, or I'll fire into you !" "Then came some reply like "All right, wait." " Na, na, ye deils ; dinna wait, Jock ; gie it to them," said the boatswain, and the boiling slush was bucketed into the tub on the planks beside Peebles, and the stones were passed up, while a boy scooted aft with a red-hot iron in his hand. The next moment there was a flash on the poop, but no report, and another flash on the main deck, followed by a sharp report, and a yell. The prahu was instantly alongside of us, and the boatswain, ladling into her the boiling slush, was bellowing— " Tak yer brose ; gie them the stanes in their wames, laddies. Noo, Jock, empty the muskets." But the prahu dropped astern, ripping, and cracking, and snapping. Both her sails came down by the run, and finally she hung by her masts on our quarter bumpkin, and we were towing her. Then could be beard someone frantically shouting "Captain Smit ! Captain Smit ! Wait ! Wait ! Mein Got ! it is me, Got in Himmel ! Vat yon tink ?" Ali hands rushed aft with muskets, pistols, and cutlasses ; the boatswain, with the wrong end of his cutlass in his hand, shout- ing, " Bring the brose, Empty the muskets, Jock Smith," " Don't fire for your lives men," roared the captain, "it's a mistake. Brace the yards abox Mr. Brown." Then the man in the prahu commenced again, " Mein Got, mein Got, vat you do ? You scald me mit the water hot, you shoot me mit the gun, you kill my captain mit the rock. Mein Gut, you damn fool." All this time there was an incessant cack- ling and crowing of fowls, and some very animated conversation in what we rigthtly supposed to be Malay. At length we were asked for "big rope to pull skip." We passed a light hawser over the stern into the prahu, and then our ship was brought to the wind and hove to, the quarter boat lowered, and the mate, with some of our hands, went on board. After some difficulty, they got her clear of our bumpkin, dropped her astern fast to our hawser, and returned to the ship, bringing a little man, half Malay, half Dutch, a " piar " Dutchman, with them, who was at once taken into the cabin to the captain. There he declaimed, protested, and gesticulated in a mixture of Dutch, English, and Malay in the most emphatic manner, stopping only when the captain, who was a little ashamed of himself, put a bottle of brandy in one hand, and a tumbler in the other, and said "Schnapps." We filled our main yard, and kept away on our course all night, towing the prahu, which could not set a rag. The wind fell light, and we hardly kept steerage way. When daylight broke the boatswain and four men were sent on board the prahu to assist her three natives to repair damages, and get sail on her ; but they soon returned, the boatswain stating that the masts were not injured ; that the native crew were busy, and would have no help ; and that all her gear was bamboo and rattan. 'The captain and his guest, our sanguinary pirate, who we had gone to so much trouble to annihi- late by scalding, shooting, and stoning a few hours previously, now came on deck. There was nothing bloodthirsty about his appear- ance on the contrary, he was a little fat, yellow chap with a continual smile all over his round face. The only fierce item was his mous- tache, composed of three hairs on one side of his nose and five on the other, sticking out at right angles from his upper lip. Thick stubbly, bristles ! each one appeared to be particularly requesting you to take notice that it had nothing in common with the other four. His beard was made up of other three select and most exclusive hairs, stuck in or rather sticking out of his chin. "Chips" said he should be sent back to his builder to have the ends of his treenails cut off and wedged. After hearing what the boatswain had to say, the captain and the " pirate " went on board the prahu, when everything was arranged satisfactorily, and the " pirate " returned with the captain, bringing two baskets of fowls, some green coooanuts, and several bunches of bananas and baskets of yams. Some biscuit, flour, and a manilla line were sent to the prahu ; then she let go our warp and dropped astern, and before we lost sight of her she had both sails set. When the boatswain saw our boat come alongside with the fowls, &c.;, he exclaimed, " Hech mon ! Gude send twa pirates a-week a' the way hame." The following was overheard between a Columbia student and his best girl : " Oh, Will, what lovely flowers. They look as if they had just been gathered. Why there is a little dew upon them." Will (slightly em- barrassed): "Not a cent, I assure; not a cent." 