TOPIPS OF THE DAY. Messrs. Derham and Carter, M.L.A., in- troduced a deputation to the Commissioner of Customs to-day from the fishermen and watermen ot Williamstown and Port Mel- 1x)urao, with respect to. tho fees charged to tho watermen. Tho deputation oxplainod tliat each boat liad to pay As per year to tho Customs Department, and against this thny lud tio complaint to make. They did obleot, however, very strongly to tho Harbor Trust charging an additional As per boat, as well as As per man, thus trebling tho tax on tho men, whose living was a very precarious one. On tbe 'ilmmcs, for imtanco, only tts a year was paid. Besides this, passengers wore carried by tho Press boats, tho pilot boats, and oven tho Customs launches, thus reducing tho earnings of the watermen. In addition to this, they had to compete with the St. Hilda boatmen, who had to pay nn license to the Harbor Trust. Mr Patterson said that he thought it hard that the men should bo ohargod a double fee, hut ho conld not interfere in auy way with the Harbor Trust. He promised, however, that he woald speak to the Chairman of the Harbor Trust respecting tho matter, and If . It were found that the depart mental boats . interfered with the watermen the Praetioos complained of would bo stopped. As regarded tho Press boats tho department oould not Interfere, but the Commissioner assured tho men that his sympathy was with them, as he thought, unless good ' reason could be shown to tho contrary, the double chargo should not bo imposed. . An action by Stephen Stamp Hutchison end Blanche Castle May, trading as Hutchi son and Company, against the Mentone, Cheltenham and Mordislloo Coy. Limited, was before Mr Jnstlce Hodges In the Banco Court to-day.. The plaintiffs had the autho rity of the Council of the Shire of Moo rob- . bin to open street In the shire and lay down nasplpes, and fn couilderatlou of L18.80O tho plaintiffs sold Ubd to the defendant - company, and ' were employed by the latter to erect gas work at Mentone and supply the Shire of Moorublln with gas. The plaintiffs had oumpteted the works and . provided the materials and had also re- ; co'lvcd progress payments, but although a certificate Tor the amount of Ltfi, 702 10s 2d had been given by the engineer, Mr T.'B. Mnhtx, only LID, 974 bad beea 'received, and L3728 10s »t remained duo. The defend- ! ants claimed to deduet LI 902 for penalties, , and paid LI 931 Into court. I was arranged early . in the com that lodg ment should bo entered for the rifu'r tor L7t0in addition to tho amount paid Into Court, with costs, and that 1000 shares, puid up to LI, should bo transferred to the plaintiffs. Mr H. ilarrott nnd Mr Cusscn were for the plaintlffx1 and Mr Leon ap peared for Ihb defendants. Owing to tho length and iticrcuuo of the County Court business this month there will bei two County Courts running next week. Judge Chomley will continue to nit in tlie usual County Court, taking amounts under LSO, while Judge Hamilton will sit in the First Nisi Court from ucxt Monday, taking coses over LAO. Tho s. Fifeshlro, from London, has again nnt in an appearance. Ou her last voyago from Home sue did not callin here, bnt went to Now Zealand, after calling in at a South African port, for which she had a cargo. She went theuee in ballast to Wellington to load up with frozen concusses of sheep. Ou .this voyago sho left London on 2/ilh April, called at Los Puhnas oh 2nd May, and reached Adelaide on tho 14Ui iimt., when, having put out a large quantity of cargo, she left again ou the J7tli, and csino into Hobsou's Bay at H a.m. yester day without being aimouucod from the Heads, owing to hor having como through during tldck weather, and before daylight thi s morning. On tho way out, and after crossing the equator, eoino very boisterous weather was encountered, auii after gottiug clear of the S.B. trades severe gales from S.8.E. weto had, causing the ship to latior so heavily that tho cargo broke adrift. The vessel was then put before it, and it took 15 hours to properly secure the cargo again. It is stated that during somo of til gales the vessel rolled up to 4f>dcg. Soverel of thu workers in tho bold securing the cargo were very much bruised and cut, but no one seriously injured. The circumstances of a case of instilling behavior agaiast a gay youug spark, named Thomas Cosgrove, were investigated at the City Court this morning. Constable Garopbolt told the Bench that at 11 o'clock last night he was on the plat- form at Spencer street. A highly respectable young lady was awaiting the de parture of tue Mooneo Ponds train, Cos- grove was fallowing her about the platform and speaking to her. The constable noticed tho young ladv's aversion to tho baliavior of tho man, and asked Iter if sho were ac quainted with him. She replied tliat she was not, and that the follow had been very insulting to her. Campbell then spoke to Cosgrove, telling him that he was a con- stable, but this did not have much effect, and at length Cosgrove was locked up, Campbell said that there was a lot of the same sort of behavior towards ladies every night, and the Bench fined the defendant but 40s. The steamer Excelsior, running between Melbourne and Geelong, went ashore an the book beach of Williamstown while return- ing from Gcelong, at about half-past 7 o'clock last night. There was a dense fog on at the time, and the vessel was in conse quence, going very slow, so did not strike heavily, but the united efforts of two tugs succeeded in getting her off before the top of high water, at half-past 3 o'clock this morning. She then proceeded up the river. Constable Fitzgerald, assistant watch- house-keeper at Bourke street west police station, whose discharge was recently recom- mended by the Metropolitan .Superintendent in consequenco of certain evidence given by him in a charge laid against hhn not being considered satisfactory, will shortly appear beforo tho City Court on a charge of jwrjury. Fitzgerald was not satisfied with the de- cision of Superintendent Sidleir, and was Siven tbe option of bringing forward ad- itional evidence or of having the matter Investigated in the Police Court in tho form of_a onargo of perjury. Fitzgerald chose the latter alternative, and an Information will bo sworn against 1dm in duo course. Tiie inquest touching tho death of the lato Plain- clothes Constable James Munro, who committed suicide yesterday, will bo held by I)r Youl at tho Melbourne Hospital at half- past 10 o'clock to-morrow morning. No sufficient reason has ycc been ascertained why Munro should have put an end to his cxistcnco in such a dreadful manner. The etories nn to his having lost a largo sum of money by hotso-raclng.and that he had L3Q0 invested in tho Premier Fcrtnancnt Build ing Society, must l>e regarded as purely ficti tious, TJicy are, at any roto, completely discredited by the plain-clothes con stables who were inliniatoly nssoolatod with him. Many little things which passed unnoticed at the time are now recollected by his comrades, nnd theso go to show that Munro had been much depressed and irritable of late. Ho could not sot his mind properly on his duty ; a trifle upsot him, and hu had often been mude to remark, "I would as soon bo dead as living like this." Yesterday morning ho re marked to Senior-constabto Glceson that he had heard that Gleeson had five or six charges to bring against him. Glesson said that some one hail been liaviug a "lark" with him. Munro, however, persisted in the statement, and the idea had evi- dently obtained firm possesion of him. About halt all hour before he shot himself, ho informed Soidor-constabio Cotter that ho (dcoeasod) was to he dis missed from the force. Munro would sit by himself also, silentand moody, occasiounUy-j but no one who know him over believed tliat he would take his own life. Deceased, it is alleged, has never bocu tho saino man since ho mot with a severe fall at tho Old Supreme Court Buildings some 12 months since. Muuro joined tho Victorian Permanent Artillery at tho .St. Hilda ltoad Barracks, in July, 1B70. He shortly afterwards entered thu polico force, nnd did uulform duty at Ballarot and Carlton. Ha then woa transferred to Melbourne, and commenced plain-olotbes duty on the Gth of June, 1883. Ho luu no relatives in the colony, but was in tho hahit of occasionally sending money home to bis parents in Scot- , land. The constables at Russell streot, with all of whom deceased was a great favorito, have subscribed to purchase a wreath to ploco ou 'the coffin. The steamer Manapouri which arrived from Now Zealand this morning brouuht ovor, without scratch or blemish, J2 horses, amongst which wore tho following race horses i —Blizzard, Belvidoro, . Invomay, Martooian, Sir Julius, Little Shamrock and the pony Topay. It is an open secret that Mr Patterson hold the belief that if the Victorian duty on such articles us jewellery were mado the same as that of the adjacent colonics, tho revenuo of Victoria would he benefited, as it would not tticu be worth while to smuggle good across the border or otherwise into Victoria. - The result of the deputation whioh wniled on Dr Pearson thu other day in reference ta tho Port and South Melbourne abattoirs was referred to at tho fortnightly meeting of tho latter body last evening, when Cr Stead said tho proposal of tho Aeting Minister of Indfi to shut up th abattoirs, destroy tho buildings, diuinfeet tho ground, and give tho Harkot 'Trust possession wus tho most high- 1 umded one ho hid over hoard of. lie couteuded that Dr Pearson Juul no power to burn thesa buildings down, aud moved that the matter be referred to the Legislative Oommltteo with tho view of wntcldng tho ootioh of tho Minister with regard to tho abattoir. The motion was seconded by Cr Boyd and agreed to. . Yesterday afternoon, Constable M'Lellan, who was on duty at tho Intersection of Elizabeth and Latroho streets, was Informed that a man had boon found dead at a lodging hoiise, 285 tatrobo street, occupied by ifugh MTntosh, The cotiBtablo wont to tho house, and there found a man named Jones lying dead oft the'bed. Tho deooasod had boon lodging at tho house for About a weak, aud during that time had two fits. Bo hud for merly been a patient at tho Melbourne Hos pital Tho coroner's orderly, Constable Davidson, wa not informed - of tho inattor until this tkorniug. Tho death has been re ported to tho City Coroner. ' The experiment of holding nu extra Court of Petty tMMlons, under tho presidency of a Police Magistrate, at.Flcmlugton on tho third Thursday in orery month, was tried for the Arab time this morning, but did not Srove to be much of a success. Tito P.M.— Ir Nleolson— attended at tho appointed time,' and wm received by Mr'Suttou; one of the local honorary Jus tices, the olerlt of the Court, the fiohoo aud the reporters. Unfortunately (or ortunately a ths case msyba), there were no litigants, not even "a drunk," so there was no necessity for their VVorhlp pro ceeding a far as the' bsnoh. Litigation is rather dull in tho distriet at present. At the ordinary court on Tubsdav, tho busi ness" ooosistod of two small debt cases. Thu -easiness witn which a crowd can be gathered together in Melboaroo was strikingly' exeapUfled la Flinders street this mondttgs Sho difficulties the Ex colder with tho bottom of ths river pro- vented her getting a way until un hour nftcr her time, and the 'wharves oh both sides of tho river, as well as the Queen's Bridge, wcro soon lined with an admiriug audienco. When nt last tho boat got away tho crowd was thinned slightly watching some drag- ginv operations from a boat. Possibly tho small /to allowed to coronets juries had something to do with tho attendance, many of tho watchers being of tho class that may bo described rw professional morgue jury- Three cases of breaking tho railway re gulations wore heard by tho District Court this morntinr. Two youths named Oliver and Pollook wore prosecuted for travelling on tho railway on a usclos ticket. Oliver, who was caught at Flinders street, said that hu had lost his proper ticket between tho platform and train, and produced ono that had dono service before. Hu was fltiod L9, with LI Oi costs. Pollock was fined L2with LI Gs costs, Joseph Perry, a man who clearly should havo known what ho was doing, was charged with attempting to get iuto a train while it was in motion. A porter said that tho mau as tho Brighton train was moving off from tho Flinders street platform, hopped on to the footlioard. Ho would not dismount, and n tlx: platform fell off. The train had to he stopped in consequence. Ho was fined 20s with LI Us costs. Itainfall record during Inst 24 hours ending 0 o'clock this morning : — Western Australia —Albany, A points : Ashburton, fil points ; Oeraldton, Jo pointf ; and Perth l.'lUiuchus. Tasmauia— Falmouth, 2.'! points ; Low j Head, 2 points. ' j At a meeting convened last night nt tfie Richmond Town Hall, a good many of-fho leading tradesmen of Richmond wcro present. Apologies were rend from various gcutlcmcn who wcro dulMrrcd by illness or other engagements from nttondiug. Mr Jns. Hwlns occupied tho chair, and in open ing the meeting trusted that tho Richmond Council Clminbor would oventually bcconio a dignity much sought aftor by future citizens. Mr A. Davis followed in a well- chosen speech, in which ho sot forth tho iniquities of tho past commltteo, and tho hoped-forwitnessof thocomingoncs. Thcfol- lowingrcsolutiuuwas carried unanimously " Tiint, in order to further tho principle of municipal reform, wo agreu to form a citizens' commltteo, for the purposa of pro moting tiie return of dcHlrabio representa tives In the City Council nt tho ensuing August olcalions-" Tiie next business was a formation of a committee of ways and moaus, to dutact adventurers aud return only honest men. This was accomplished about 10 o'clock, aud thu mcctlug ad journed. In Ills fortnightly report to the .South Melbourne Council last evening, Cr. Stead, who is the Council's representative on tho Mulbournu Tramway Trust, expressed bin pleasure that trams were now running to tho city. Ho sahl thu difficulties in connection with tho laying down of thu lino were very much greater than they had been in any .other 'suburb. He also said it was pos sible time if South Mclbmimo had had a mom impotuouH roprencntativo nn thu Trust they would have had horse trams now instead of thu cablu trams. Ho told them tliat some four or five years ago, when tho Hawthorn people were clamoring for their trams, lie thought ho should do like wise for Houth Melbourne, But the lato Aldermau O'Grady suggested that ho should wait a bit, as thoy were likely to havo a new bridgo ovor thu Yarra at Quean street. 41 If," said the Aldcrinau, 44 you want the trams before tho now bridgo is built, yon will havu to be satisfied with borso trams, but if you wait you will gel cable trams." Aud so it was decided to wait. Cr Buxton proposed a vote of thanks ta tho Tramway Trust for the cxceliont work thoy had dono, and iu doing so desired especially tc mention the name of Cr. .Stead, lu replying, Cr. .Stead quoted a statement made by Mr Duncan, tho engineer of tho Trust, to the effect Llmt in his largo experience he had never met with a )>ody of men who hud done so much work with so littlo friction as tho Melbouruo Tramway 'Trust. - A general meeting of tho Trinity Collogo Dialectic Society was held yesterday. Pro- scat— Mr \V. C. Guest (In tho chair), aud about '10 memlwrH. Mr J. D. Morso openod thu debate that "Tho use of strong lan guago is morally unobjectionable, and Is a Iiositivo relief to tho fculiugs." Mr G. II. M. 'rittglo rcs|>omlcd in tho negative. After a brisk debate a division was taken, with thu result that the motion was carried by a good majority. . Tho publication of a nowspanor nolnty for tho lulvocucy of Federation is net viewed with favor by the board of directors of- tho A.N.A. in Victoria, who havo carried u re solution to the effect that tho information on tho subject would reach the publio licst through thu newspapers of tho colonies. At the meeting of tho South Melbourne Council last evening, it was resolved, on the motiou of Cr Stead, that a letter be writtcu to the Melbourne: Tramway Treat, asking that body to communicate with the Met- Itmirno Tramway nnd Omnibun Company, with tho object of havioir workmen's trams placed on thu South Melbourne line. This course was taken in accordance witti Section 20 of thu Act, which provides that nt least two workmen's trains shall bo run daily. In yesterday's IIkrai.u tho natnc of Mr William Marshall, proprietor of the "Lorgnette," was inadvertently omitted from the list of pall-hcarcrH at Mr Alfred Carole's funeral on Tuesday afternoon. The Australian Natives' Association lias decided to support In every way tho forth coming Industrial Exhibition at Ballarot. Mr Charles Warner's benefit anil Instap pcaranco takes placu at tho Theatre Royal to-morrow evening. The performance will iochtde tho first and fourth acts of Humid, with Miss Grnco Warner as Ophelia and Mr Damptcr as Tho Ghost, and tho third act of Captain Swift Miss Nellie Stewart will appear in -a selection frotn Paul Jones, and Mr Sydney Dean will sing. Every lady entering tho dress circle wilt bo presented with portraits of Mr and Miss Warner. In view of tho largo attendance expected nt tho East Mclbourno Cricket Ground on Saturday tioxt to witness the football match Essoudmt v. Fltzroy, tiokota may bo secured -—to uvoid the crush— at Boylo and -Scott's, Metropolitan Snorts' Depot, Young aud Jackson's aud V. Ware's,. on Friday and Saturday. Many- improvements for tho accommodation of tho puldio havo lieon lately made, and no»v fences iu front nnd nt' tho siilo of tho stand havo been crectod. In our summary of tho Insolvency shedulo of Jamos Parkor, of Prahran, published yesterday, tho Federal Bank appeared as an uniociircd creditor for L4U27, Wo are re quested to stato that though technically tho hank Is compelted to appear iu tho schedule as unsecured it is not so iu fact, as tho Institution holds a guarantee from tho insol vent's wife over property iu her uarne whioh would readily rcallxo LGOOO. 