SIR HENRY PARKES divides the time between speech and action which stamp him as the leading statesman of Aus tralia, and other speech and action which reduce him to the level of a testy and, unreasonable old man. His r attitude at the late Federal Conference, and his brilliant deliverances while that conference was in session, were recog nised, both in Australia and Britain, as evidences of a master mind. In j his firm grasp of the salient points and possibilities of the position, and his in dependent disregard of minor details, he posed as a statesman worthy of the fullest confidence and trust of the whole Australian people. It is a painful anti-climax to all this whem we find Sir: Henry reviving an effete claim to absolute ownership of Uie Murray waters on the part: of Hew South Wales. With his high concep tion of a coming federation, and Ibis lordly anticipations of the splendor of an Australian dominion, he would, one would have thought, have left such a detail a3 , the management of the Murray .River, navigation to take care of itself. Surely it was a matter from which the Yery act jof federation would have -made; a clean sweep of all misunderstandings or counter claims. At any rate the time was ‘ most unhappily chosen for obtruding a„shaddowy and obsolete claim to sole ownership to the part of Hew South Wales. It' is :, a — possible explanation although not a flattering one to the Premier of the senior colony, that lie felt constrained to make some show of following up the menace made by him to the Sydney Parliament nearly seven months ago. He then declared his intention of asking the House to create a Murray River commission, the duties of which would be to ' assume charge of the Murray channel down to the boundary of South Australia, preserve iit from interference and trespass, and 'generally exercise complete adminis trative control. When making this statement ..Sic 'Heney .could not have forgotten that, according to the report of his own. officer, very serious inter ference and trespass had been com mitted by Victorian im'gationists and others, and must also have known that Victoria-was very sure to ignore his pretension's to national ownership, and resist any interference with “works already established on: the- Murray banks by Victorian citizens : act ing under the protection and autho risation of the Victorian Govern ment.- He also must have been aware that Victoria was not in the leist likely- to be intimidated by brag, ’or cajoled by rhetorical gasconade. There fore, the only logical interpretation ;to be put on Sir Henry’s brave words'in the Sydney Assembly is that he was desirous of picking a very serious quarrel with this colony, and foment ing a difference which would make federal union between the two next to impossible. Such an interpretation can hardly be persisted. in after Sir Henry’s eloquent and apparently sin cere expression of his views on Austra lian union, and if we think this, we mustcometotheconclusion that through all his assertion -of Hew Soutli Wales rights over the Murray, he was merely playing—albeit somewhat unworthily —to some political gallery. Since the Federal Conference this ghost of a quarrel over the ownership of the Mur ray has, until very lately, been laid. How, however, Sir Henry has brought it to life again by appointing Mr M. Kinney as commissioner in charge, of the interests of Hew South Wales in the Murray and its tributaries, and officially informing this colony and South Australia that . the appointment hajs been made. This' is a great hack down from the previously expressed intention to appoint i a river commission, with full powers, and there'taay be significance in the assurance that. tfie new commissioner will be instructed to scrupulously ob serve the rights of Victoria. As. a finishing touch, there is added an assur ance of the desire of the Government of Hew South Wales to act in a cor dial and friendly manner, and conserve the interests of all parties who have a commercial or other interest in the Murray waters. So far this is all very well, but it is almost impossible to escape a conviction thatj in the .ap pointment of a commissioner, Sir Henry proposes to make’ formal and overt demonstration of his claim, on behalf of his colony, to the sole pro prietorship of the stream. The puzzle is why Sir Henry should choose the present juncture to pitch an apple of discord' among the chief negotiations Seeinglthat New South'Walesihas alioweil iiefrpre tensions to lie l&ent; so miny years, Vhy choose such ah inapprppHate time for reviving them 1 Another , very pertinent' question is suggested by‘the Sydney Herald. ' "Li, as is to be ex pected, Victoria defends the position of ■her, citizens who are alleged trespassers,- and denies the claim» of ’-New South Wales to administrative supremacy on the Murray, is Sir Henry. prepared to back out of his pretensions, and make himself the laughing stock of all Australia, or does he propose to support those pre tensions by force of arms, and initiate the first Australian civil war? The strangest thing of all is that so sagacious an old campaigner as Sir Henry Parkes should have voluntarily marched into a cul de sac of his own construction, and made both advance and retreat alike difficult and dis honorable. Perhaps the whole thing is only ascribable to a return of the periodical wrong headedness, which possessed the veteran Premier when he sought to appropriate the name of the whole continent to his own colony, in which case we may expect to see the monstrous pretensions of New South Wales quietly abandoned. The annual sessions of the A.N.A. have a natural tendency to grow in magnitude and importance, and we notice with satisfaction that there is a decline in the manifestation of the nascent spread-eagleism which to some degree disfigured the earlier proceed ings of the association. Mr Purves, in his introductory address, spoke in a mild and moderate key, and, instead of any talk about cutting the painter, we had an apparently sincere wish that the tie of kinship should be interwoven with that of interest in binding Australia to the great heart of the British Empire. With a large majority of.its members domiciled in the metro politan area, it was almost a matter of course that the headquarters should be shifted there, and it must be admitted that the reasons assigned were strong oues. Ballarat, as usual, will be strongly represented in the incoming body of pfficers. The unanimous selec tion Messrs Wheal and Wainright to their respective positions as president and secretary, is a very high compli ment to those gentlemen, a compli ment which in both cases was thoroughly deserved. The secretary of the Ballarat Trades and Labor Council yesterday received the 1 follow ing letter iu acknowledgment of 'the receipt nf the draft of £590 forwarded' towardsjtlie London dock laborers’ fund:—“ Dock, Wlmrf, Riverside, and General Laborers’ Union of Great Britain and Ireland, Lon don, 12th February, 1890.—T0 the Trades’ Council, Ballarat;—Gentlemen, —;\Ve have this day received draft for £5OO from John Burns, for .which;we herewith enclose'; re ceipt. We, the officials of the above union, thunk your honorable council for the prac tical sympathy you have shown for the relief of the dockers and their families. Your Contribution has arrived in time,- for just now the.employers are doing their'utmost to : crush and starve out the , poor dockers. They are trying to crush us iii every,:way. The.dock companies, wharfingers;' and ship owners have formed a union of: their: o'wii to try and break our union up. ’ iTliey, Jure lising every possible means against'fus, 1 as ■ you will see by the enclosed press cuttings. Once again thanking you for your munifi cent gift, I beg,-gentlemen, to"remain yours faithfully, for the Dockers’ Union, —H.j J. Clakke.” ’ The agreement between Mr A. C.. Whitten, boot manufacturer, the Operative Boot makers’ Union, and the Trades’Council Con ciliation Committee, in settlement of The differences which have existed, wns yester day signed by all parties. . The text of;the agreement will be fouud in another column. The whole of the agreements between jMr Whitten and the- non-union men were can celled yesterday, and the. men wilt be ad mitted to the union on the terms of the agreement. S Mr Stone, the respected loco, foreman; at Ballarat West, will proceed to Europe; on tire - 19th of next month to spend a 'six months’ holiday. For some time past jMr Stone has not been in'good health, and the Railway Commissioners have, granted him leave of absence for half a year, in order that he might benefit by a change of air aud scene. He has been a long while in the ser vice of the department, and the holiday is well deserved. Mr Stone has taken his passage in the R. M.S. Britannia. Mr A. Fraser was formally appointed town clerk of the Town of Ballarat East last night, and Mr R. C. Young treasurer, ; in accordance with an understanding previously arrived at. The antumn show of the Ballarat Horti cultural Society was continued last even ing. There was a very good attendance, and the excellent- exhibition of flowers, fruits, and vegetables was inspected and admired; The takings were, however, hardly up to the average of previous shows. At the Town Council meeting last night the town inspector reported that, in accord ance with instructions, he had given notice to four residents iu Young street, and one in Eureka street, who were encroachiug. : It was moved that the matter be referred-to the workß committee, with a view to pre venting the re- regißtration of the areas re ferred to until the holders agreed to remove the obstructions. Cr Dunn objected to this Course. He pointed out that these residents were iu the streets before the hitter had been made. Because they now -wauted too much compensation it was proposed • tc deprive them of their legal rights. jCr Miller thought the rights of the council and ratepayers should also, be considered. jCr M’Kee pointed out that the council would deal fairly with the occupants. They only wauted to prevent further encroachment. The motion was then put aud carried. The conference between representatives of the Tailoresses’ Union and the Ballarat ein ployers iu reference to the circular issued by ’ the former body, will take place on,Monday evening, at the Trades’Hall. The new Ormond ward, for female chronic cases, which has just been added to the Bal larat Benevolent Asylum, was yesterday formally opeued. The ward is situatedvat the southern end of the Asylum building, and measures 41 feet by. 21 feet, with walls 19 feet 6 inches in height. It has a bracketed Covered ceiling, of red pine, covered with clear varnish. The ventilation: has been carried out on the Tobin system, with Boyle’s ventilators in the roof. It has also been arranged to heat V tlie - temperature of the room when necessary by means of hot air tubes from the fireplaces. - The ward has beeu built in the' Elizabethan- style, and harmonises with tbeiYrest,, of the (building. The contractors for thejaddition have been as follow:—Brick Mr 1 Rowsell; wood work, Mr Eggington;.plastering', Mr Radley; plumbing, Mr Tweedule; painting, Mr Don aldson. The architects were Messrs-James and P«per, and' the clerk of works jMr Richard Hain. At the formal opening yes terday a number of the” members of com mittee were present." Apologies were received for the absence of the , president, Mr Oj E. Edwards, and the Rev.'Father Doyle. iMr M. C. Carey, vice-president,'after reading the telegram from, the president,-.-remarked that . he would have . beeu pleased to see more of the subscribers present. The Ormond ward was erected in commemoration of the magnificent and- munificent donation from the late Mr Francis Orinond. None of the £5OOO had gone to the building, of ;the ward, but the money to defray' the cost, about £730, had come front the ordinary source. This ward - for chronic female cases was much wanted, and completed' the insti tution. It was the counterpart of the ward’ erected on the other side, and opeued. some time back for chronic oases among the men. Mr Carey made some- general remarks re garding the Asylum, which he cousidered a credit to bo youug a place. There were at present some 260 inmates, while about 500 children, with their mothers and others,' were relieved; He hoped the commission appointed would improve the condition of the-charities'.,throughout the colony.'.'Mr Carey, after. again-Jexp rearing his re gret;, at the inability of/ the/Vpresi dentj to be ;present,;.-then ;formally, de clared the war'd open, amid'applause.. The Hon. David. Ham, M.L.C., expressed his pleasure at being present at the ceremony. He was pleased to be connected witli the institution; -and.-with -the - men who" were associated witli him on the committee. Mr Shoppee, thetreasurer, was a man who had done'especially good' work, and" to whom they were very much iudebted for ways and means. The philanthropy of Ballarat people had not died out, and he thought the iuterest in this institution would never flag. (Applause.) Mr Shoppee moved a vote of thnnks to Mr Carey for the manner in which he had opened the ward. In doing so he re marked that it was another happy moment in hi3 life when tiiis ward was finished. It had been badly needed, and the removal of chronic cases- to tins room would bare the effect of making the whole institution healthy and sweet. So loop as he remained in Ballarat, lie wonld endeavor to do his best f.-r the interests of the asylum. (Applause.) Mr J. J. Fitzgerald cousidered that thanks were due to the treasurer for his efforts, as it was through the energy of Mr Shoppee that they had got bath chronic wards. He regretted that Mr Jas. Oddie, another great supporter of the institution, could not be present. Mr Phillips see mded the vote of thanks to Mr riioppee in a few well chosen words. The vote was unanimously passed. Mr Lovitt seconded the vote of thanks to the vice- president, and Mr Carey suitably re plied. Votes of thanks were passed to the architect and clerk of works, and Messrs Piper and Hain responded. Those present were invited to partake of a glass of wine, and the toasts of “ The Secretary, Master, and Matron,” and “ The Press,” were honored and responded to. The correspondence per the R.M.S. jC°r romandel reached the Ballarat Post office, by special train from Adelaide; at 10.15 a.in. yesterday. It is expected that Mr D. Bropliy, J.P., "will return to Ballarat to-day. Cr M’Kee mentioned at the Town Council meeting yesterday that since the beginning of tlie year only one fatal case of typhoid fever had occurred in the town. . It uot being generally known that lie bad been vested with magisterial functions, con siderable surprise was expressed in the Town Police Court yesterday when Mr Charles Morris, the well-kuowu hatter, of Bridge street, took his seat on the beucli with the other justices. The police put their heads together to discuss the “ unexpected visita tion,” and the clerk of the court turned up the magisterial list to ascertain if “Charles Morris, Esq.,” had been entrusted by Her Majesty or tlie Governor-in-Couueil with the commission of the peace. A minute’s perusal of the official document showed that Mr Morris had been a magistrate for many years, though seldom seen in the courts. That he is a veteran was shown by the busi nesslike manner in which he assisted in disposing of the list yesterday placed before the- bench for transaction. • Mr J. B. Phillips, late assistant town clerk of Ballarat East, was last night, on the occa sion of severing his connection with the Town Council to act as secretary of the Shire of Yarrawonga, presented by the mayor with a gold Malteee cross, by the Town Council with an illuminated address, and by the officers with a silver butter-cooler. A leporjtof the proceedings will be found else where in The Star. There were 42 applications for the position of rate-collector for the Town of Ballarat East, which were dealt with by the Town Council last night. The number was re duced to 15 by tlie first ballot, then to 10, seven, five, and four by succes sive ballots. . The last four in were Messrs Edmund YVightwick, James Phillips, John B. Johns, aud John C. Hughes. Tlie two last-named secured au equal number of votes, and oil a ballot being taken Mr Hughes wa9 chosen to remain in the secoud last contest, which resulted in Mr Phillips’ name being withdrawn. Iu the final ballot Mr Wightwick received five votes to Mr Hughes’ four, and was thus appointed to the position. The ne.ivj rate collector is an old man, who resides; in Barkly street, and was formerly a member of tlie firm ot Wightwick and Chamberlain. The salary attached to the position is £l5O a year. Yesterday, at the Town Police Court, Mr J. J. Fitzgerald; J.P., held a magisterial enquiry touching the death of the German miner Oswald Tode, who was on Thursday morning; as reported in The Mar yesterday, fouud in a shaft ISO feet in depth, aud con taining 30 feet of water, at Little’Bendigo. Evidence similar to the particulars published in Thursday's paper was given, and testi mony was also adduced which went to show that the deceased suffered from melancholia, consequent on blood poisoning, for a long while. He was in good circum stances, having over £7OO to hie account in a . bank in Ballarat. His life was also insured for -a large sum. A post..mortem examination of the body showed that the neck and thigh had beeu broken by the fall down the shaft. The magistrates found that the deceased com mitted suicide by jumping down a shaft while suffering from, temporary insanity. Tode was a member of the Germau Associa tion, th’eflig of .which was flying at half mast yesterday as a tribute of respect to the memory of the deceased. Cr Pearce moved last night that the works committee of the Town Council be em powered to appoint a boy to assist the town clerk. Cr Elsworth objected to the appoint ment' beiiig made, aud tlie mayor ruled that notice must be given. Cr Miller gave notice of his intention to move iu the matter at the next meeting. Iu our report of Thursday's proceedings at the A.N.A. conference at Maryborough on Thursday, which appeared yesterday, the remarks of two speakers were made uou sense of by tlie omission of a page of manu script. Mr Peacock declined nomination for the presidency because his business engage ments would uot allow him to devote tlie necessary time to it, and bec.tftse he did not believe in a monopoly of the office, which lie had held once before for two years. For this latter reason Mr J. Moloney regarded Mr Peacock’s nomination as an evident in tention on the part of many delegates, to keep him out of the office at all hazards, and he therefore regarded it as a personal insult, aud declined to stand under any circum stances. Tlie delegates at the conference, we may remark, were mo3t hospitably enter tained by tlie conference committee, Messrß Dudley aud Flohm (president aud secretary) being particularly conspicuous in this re spect. The delegates were each day re galed at the conference with a very liberal supply of delicious fruit. The trophies won by the Ballarat City Fire Brigade at Sandhurst during the past week are on view at J. T. Marsh’s hat shop, Sturt street, and consist of four first and three second prizes obtained by the members. Our Creswick correspondent last evening wired to the effect that tlie appeal against the decision of the Creswick Turf Club: in disqualifying Little Frank in the Hurdle Race at their 1889 meeting, has been dismissed by tlie Y.R.C., and the £2O lodged has been for feited. A meeting of the committee of the testi monial fund to Mr Thomas Bury was held last night at Craig’s hotel; Mr M. Bntterly, M.L A., in the chair. Reports were received from collectors, and various sums were handed to the treasurer, which considerably augmented the fund. It was arranged that the presentation shonld take the form of an illuminated address and purse of sovereigns. A meeting will be held on Monday evening next, at Craig’s hotel, at 7 o’clock, for that purpose, to-which all- subscribers'are-cor dially'lnvited. There are still a few out standing subscription cards, and collectors are requested to forward their amounts on or before midday ou Monday, 24th inst., to Mr W. King, lion, sec., 10 Drummond street south. George M. O'Farrell, a man who. appears to find.amusement iu filling ills pockets with large sums of money, and then going “ ou the spree,” was brought before the Town Police Court yesterday to answer a charge of drunkenness. On the application of the police, he was remauded until Wednesday next.. A difficulty.will probably crop up in respect to the £250 fouud by Constable Gardiner in Peel street, /which sum is sup posed to have been dost by O’Farrell. It will be remembered that.the foolish man, on being lodged in the Town lockup, said that ;prior to bis arrest he had .-a large' sum of money in his possession, and Constable Gar diuer, on proceeding : to the place where the accused had been taken into.custody, found five fsoj notes ou tlie footpath, near the water channel'. The. money is now in the hands of the.police, who will not baud .it over to O’Farrell until ho gives the numbers ofthe'notes, the name of the bank, &c.; As nialterr’stand at present, there is no legal "proof that the money belongs to O'Farrell. The accused, who resided in the Elaine dis- a number of years, owns a consider- able amount of property in Ballarat. It is feared by the police that if he continues to indulge in the foolish practice of carrying large sums of money about with him, he will meet with foul play from the “night prowlers ’’ in Ballarat East. Cr Pearce was last night granted six mouth’s leave of absence from the Town Council table, in order to enable him to visit the old country. The customary certificate, setting forth that Mr Pearce was a member of the council, was granted. After the general business had been disposed of, the mayor, in a brief speech, proposed Cr Pearce’s health, and expressed a wish that ihe might benefit greatly by the change of climate and scene. Cr Pearce suitably thanked the mayor and company. Mr Robert Bell, of the Plank road, has, we are informed, sent a communication to to the Victorian Government, containing suggestions which will, he thinks, enable them to deal successfully with the subject of rust in wheat. Should Mr Bell’s remedy be deemed valuable, the matter as to remu- neration is left entirely in the hands of the Government. The St. Patrick’s Day Festival Committee met at Brophy's hotel last evening; Mr J. J. Fitzgerald, J.P., in the chair. The secretary reported that he had advertised for all accounts to he rendered, but there were some still, not to hand. It was decided to pay the prize-money, together with the accounts rendered, and the meeting was ad- journed for one week. Donations received— Ballarat City and Town Drum and Fife Band, £1 1s. The next meeting of the Town Council would, according to date, be held on Good Friday. It was therefore resolved to meet on the preceding Wednesday, after the finance committee’s meeting, which will be held at 3 p. m. The monthly meeting of the management committee of the United Friendly Societies’ Dispensary was held at tlie Societies’ Hall yesterday evening, and after the usual busi ness had been transacted, the president, Mr C. C. Grocott, presented Mr Erskine E. Llewellyn, the late dispenser, who was in attendance by special invitation, with a very handsomely framed address in recog nition nf the valuable services rendered to the institution during the time lie was connected with it; Mr Grocott, in making tlie presen tation, referred to the very satisfactory manner in which the business of the dis pensary had beeu conducted under . Mr Llewellyn’s supervision, aud Mr Llewellyn thanked the committee for their kind appre ciation of bis services and for the testimonial presented. The young men, William Martin and Peter Jones, ou remand on the charge of stealing articles to the value of £4, the pro perty of Joliu Lowtlier, were again brought before the City magistrates yesterday morning, and remanded until Tuesday next. Three persons were dealt with on charges of drunkenness. A large number of debt Bases were also dealt witli. Messrs C. C. Shoppee and J. G. M’Douald, J’s.P., were the pre siding magistrates. Constable Muldary brought under the notice of the City magistrates yesterday morning the fact that a horse, suffering from a number of diseases that equine flesh is heir to, had been wandering about for some time past, unowned and uncared for, iu the ueighboriiood of Lake Wendouree. The magistrates gave the constable uu order to shoot the animal. Sergeant Leverton, of Ballurat East, re quires owners for the two sums of money fouud iu the streets of the town on different dateß. Messrs Curthoys and M. Wasley, wlio shortly leave for England by the Ormuz, will be entertained at a farewell socia', on Tuesday next at the Old Colouists Hall, Lydiard street. At au early hour yesterday morning a child aged two years, named Bertie Walker, son of Mr Walker, saddler, of Armstrong street, strayed from home. At half-past 9 o’clock Constable Campbell, of the Ballarat East police, observed the little wanderer toddling along Victoria street at a point over one mile from home, and he took him “into custody” and conveyed him iu'liis arms to the Town, ivatelihouse. Here.thc child was. cared for in a very motherly manner by Miss Morden, who has charge of the commissariat-at the Eastern police bar racks. At 5 o’clock the relatives of the child called at the police camp, and were over joyed at finding the little wanderer safe in tlie mess room playiug with the barrack cat. ; ' A public meeting was held last evening in the Dana street Wesleyau schoolroom, under the auspices’of tlie Lydiard street Band of Hope. There was a large attendance.' The chair was occupied by Mr H. Llewelleii, and Messrs J Luiyon (lion, sec.), TV Wilson; C. Morriß, anil J. Kelly were on the platform. Miss Wild acted as pianist. Songs 'were rendered by Mr J. Dudley and Misses B. Moyle and Myra Parton, the. two latter being" ably accompanied by Miss. Mary Lyons. During the evening several hymns were sung. Recitations aud dialogues were supplied by the elocution class, and their ‘efforts reflected credit on Mr Bowie, the lender of the class. Misses Hill and Robinson rendered recitutions, and the dialogues were well received. Earnest aiul practical addresses were delivered :by the chairman and Mr C. Morris, J.P., nf Bridge street, and Mr T. Wilson. Mr I). J. Wheal, president of the A.N.A., Was pre sent, and received the congratulations of his friends ou his election to the head of so im portant an organisation. ; Mr Charles Boyd, the well-known printer of Sturt street, bus just executed' iii his usual artistic manner, two addresses for pre sentation to Br John Ramsay, P.S., and Br James Stevenson, P.G., of the Hand of Friendship Lodge, M.U.1.0.0.F. These geutlemeii, who have long acted us trustees of the lodge named, have by their excellent management of the trust funds placed the lodge in a sound financial condition, and the members have therefore resolved to recognise the valuable services rendered by making tlie presentation named. . To Mr Boyd credit is due for the beautiful workmanship displayed in the addresses, which are printed on white satin in colors, and surrounded by a massive gold border. Each address, which is to be encased in an elaborate gilt frame, will be presented at the meeting of the lodge on • Tuesday evening next. To-day, at the shop of Mr S. Partoo, Bridge street (late Tobitt’s) there will be a display of choice samples of fruit and vege tables which gained yesterday several prizes at the autumn show of the Ballarat Horticul tural Society. One inebriate was fined 2s Gd on Wednes day at the Buninyong Police Court. Mr Newman, J.P., adjudicated. On Thursday another disciple of Bacchus was fined Is, or one day’s imprisonment, for being drunk aud disorderly. “To the Old Country nnd back in an hour,” is. the subject of the new lecturo to be given by the Anglican Bishop of Ballarat on Tuesday next, iu connection with the open ing of the new series of “St. Peter’s mis cellanies.” A great treat may be expected, as it will include sketches of experiences, at home of quite u fresh uature. 1 In consequence of the overcrowded state of the Sandhurst Hospital, the local council yesteiday decided to procure tents for typhoid fever patients. A meeting of the Buninyong Board of Advice, No. 18 (writes our correspondent) was held at Mustow’s Prince of Wales hotel on Wednesday last. Present—Messrs Wood (iu the cliuii), Turner, M’Gratli, Bradshaw, aud Goode. The . correspondent reported that Mr Goode had been re-elected without opposition. On the motion of Messrs Turner aud Wood.it was resolved—” That Mr Goode be appointed correspondent for the ensuing year.” Correspoudence was received from the head teacher of school No. 1270, Mr Barrowolough, stating that Miss Matliieso'n, first female assistant in.the school, had beeu transferred to Clunesand ceased duty locally on 3rd March.-Resolved “ That this board regrets the removal of Miss Mathieson, but are pleased with her promotion.” The meet ing then closed. Mr W. 1., Carter, M.L.A., has accepted the challenge of Mr Henry ; George for a public debate ou tlie advautages of the pro-v tection policy. ...... It bus leaked out thatauotlier vessel nearly came to grief oil Tuesday-morning last, en tering Port Phillip Heads, and in neur proximity to the stranded ship Holyhead. The pilot boat was cruising about a consider able distance away before the barque was observed. There was u strong head wind prevailing, and as it would have taken a length of time to reach tier, the assistance of the steamer Puteena, from Launceston, was called:-., The latter vessel took the tow.rope, with th'e'pilot boat, within a short distance of the ship, just iu, time-to cut that vessel’s course off, and letting a pilot on board the proper>. : cbannel -to the \Heads was then taken.‘ The Melbourne correspondent ,of -the Ararat'Advertiser\s rites:—“There is some thing pathetic in that burial of Mr W. F. Walker with his daughter in Melbourne after the remains of both had been conveyed over the leagues of sea from England. The fact that Mr Walker had~desired that in stead of being buried with his own kindred in England he should be conveyed bick to the land of his adoption, there to rest through the centuries, while the generation and the new race developed above and around him, marks ising of Englishmen.” The Age newspaper (writes the Melbourne correspondence of the Ararat Advertiser) is fortunate in having so brilliant a staff that it can supply miuisters and secretaries of commissions at any moment, wholesale or retail, to fill any available billet—“ a com plete fit guaranteed.” It shows well what an excellent training for public life i3 afforded by this office that it not only has three of its staff iu the Cabinet, but three more, Messrs Martin, Williams, and Thomas, secretaries of commissions. The Horsham. Times regrets to learnthat a serious charge, involving assault on a child six years of age, is pending against the 14 year old sou of u respected farmer. Concerning the influenza epidemic in New Zealand, an Argus wire from Auckland says: —“The epidemic at Dunediu appears to be running rapidly through the entire popula tion, and the doctors and chemists are kept very busy, most of the latter averaging 100 prescriptions a day. The epidemic made its appearauce on Thursday at the Burnside freezing works, and nearly all the men em ployed there had to knock off work. No serious cases are reported, most of those seized being only invalided for two or three days. Cardinal M"ran, in performing the open ing ceremony' at the Manets’ Presbytery in Sydney the other day, said the building.was one of the best of the kind in Australia,;and reflected very great credit on the architects, Messrs Tappin, Gilbert, and Denehy, of Mel bourne and Ballarat. About 400 carpeuters empLoyed on the duplication of the Adam-town. to Tarlaba railway, in New South Wales, have gone out on strike because the contractor wished to make the sub-contractors liable for the payment of the men, who think they will suffer by the change. 