ftloveltet. THE HAUNTED HUSBAND ; OB, lady ChctwymVs Sycctrc. By Mtib. Hajiiuet Lewis, CHATTER XXVI, AN IMPORTANT DISCOVERY,. While Lord Ohetwynd, Mr. TempeBt and I Bisset, the detective, were investigating the ' nttics of the great bouse for some yestige of the recent presence of the 'spectral' -visitor of Olietwynd Park, Sylvia and Gilbert Monk wero arriving at a mutual under standing. ~ Miss Monk had proceeded to her own rooms on leaving tbe drawing-room. She had exchanged her. dinner dress of gold colored silk for her ecarlet dressing-gown of Indian cashmere, embroidered heavily with gold. Her glittering topazes still swung in her .swarthy ears.' Sho was careksaly knotting a gold oord with tnsaels of bullion about her waist, when a knock was heard upon fci»e door of her boudoir. ? 'It is Gilbert,' said Miss Monk. 'I know bis knock. Let him in.Ragce.0 , Tho.,old ,J1 indoo woman obeyed.' Miss Monk followed her ?attendant 'into her boudoir, just as Gilbert Monk was ad mitted. Ragee locked the door behind him. 'This is an unexpected* plcasure.Gilbert,' said Miss Monk, ironicilly. 41 You have not beon very brotherly of late.. Ihave fancied,, indeed, that youhave avoided . me. Won't you take nseat?' *» Thanks,' Baid. Monk, lazily, 'I don't care -it I do,' and ho settled himself luxuriantly in a stuffed lounging chair. 11 1 noticed that you wanted. to seeme. Be sides, I have something particular to say to yon. WheTC is Ragee?' . He looked around.- The East Indian ?woman had curled herself up upon a* pile of hassocks in a. distant corner, and evidently intended to remain in tho room throughout the interview. She scowled darkly back at Monk} ''with ni shadow of menaco in her ~ stealthy eyes. ? ' /w',Wlmt I have to say to you, Sylvia,' said i£er- brother, 'is for your ears nlone. You'd better Bend your womnn away.' ? . ' You can say nothing thnt I am not will ing my woman shculd heai,'she replied, fiercely. ' Ra«ee is fully in my confidence. Sho will remain.' i 'Oh, very, well,' said Gilbert, sneer finely. Miss Monk crested her head forward upon her long neck as she cried out, with greater fierceness : ' Where is Bernice Ohetwynd ?' Monk started and ehanged color. He had \- cxpectcd tho: question, yet when it came ho was not prepared for it. 'Is sho not in her. coffin?' be flBked, making a feeblo attempt to recover hhn . self. 'Ah, bah I Do you think to cheat me still 7 I know you, Gilbert Monk I I know that Bernice is. olive I Whore is she, ' I eay ?' ^ ' ' . Monk's courage rose equal to tho oc casion. Ho had only a woman to deal with, and that woman his own sister/ He feared not to place himself in her power, bUcq she was in his. He replied, in an easy ?? tono : . 'Lady Obetwyrid is now i^L^^onV' 'You mistako-my deigns entirely. I bad no such intention as tbis 3*ou attribute to me. If U'catr prevent it, Ohetwynd shall never know, -that Burnico lives,' replied Gilbeit, , ' You expcct to keep her alivoaaa scourgo to me, then ? . You mean to compel mo to support you' through my terror of her?' 'Not cxactly. And yet I expcct yon to pay me a handsome annuity when you be come Lady Ohetwynd.' . ' I will . pay you more when she is dead.' 'But 1 intend that sbo shall live* The truth is, Sylvia,' and Monk's' swarthy faco flushed, 'I love Bernice. You havo seen into what a superb beauty she has de veloped. I shall marry Bernice— Bhe thinks that sbo is free from her marriage bond by reason of her pretended death and burial. And I shall swear her to Becrecy concerning her past life, She is a very Puritan, and I regards her words as other people do their i oaths— as sacred. When Bbe is actually i mine, and you arc likoly to return to Eng. j'riuu, i sbali iuEO my bride away to dome foreign country nnd there spend my days. I am not fond of England, nnd 1 should like to live in Austria. Neither Bernice nor I care for society. . Give roe a good incomc, an estate near Vienna, horses, servants, and a few friends, and I care for nothing more.' ? Miss Monk regarded * her brother - nar rowly and searchingly. She saw tbat he was speaking the truth, but yet she was not* satisfied. ' You had no auch design ns this, Gil bert,' she said, ' sixteen months ago. You did not rescue her from- the tomb because you loved her. All this love and thought of life with her in a foreign land is of later date. Why, then, did you rescue ber from death? Why did you seclude ber and educate her ? You must tell me why, Gilbert.' ' I have no objections to ho doing,' said Monk, easily; ' The truth will do no barm. I have discovered, through my connection with Scot6by & Newman, the secret history of Lady Obetwynd. You remember tbat there was a mystery about her birth. She was abandoned by her father, ft wealthy gentleman, who took her to St. Kilda in his yacht, and left her on that distant island in the care of Minister Gwellan and bis wife, who brought up the waif ns their own child* The father never came for her. Now, I happened to discover who she is,, and the knowledge inspired me to act as I have dono,' Mies Monk's brows were knitted, her swarthy face colorless and gray,' her manner troubled and annoyed. 'You know who Bernice isl' she ejacu lated, ' You have known all this while I I never gave you credit for such depth, Gil bert. Who is Bernice?' ' That I cannot tell you. I reserve a fow of my secrets for my own especial profit.' 'Is Bbe an heiress?' asked Mies Monk, frowning. . 'It is highly probable, lam not one to bestir myself forapauper. By the way, how about your marriage settlements ?' ' They are being drawn up by the family solicitor. Lord Ohetwynd treats mo moat magnificently. My yearly income will be something grand, .but then Ohetwynd can afford it. t He's rich to embarrassment, you know.' ' Yes, I know,' said Monk, arising lazily from his chair and holding out his hand to her in token of amity. ' You can depend on me,' he said. ' We ?will both feather our nests handsomely. And now, Sylvia, I raustgo. I fancy I hear steps on the floor above. . That confounded detective may be prowling about. I mean to keep my eyo on him henceforth. If he's spying, I may as well get to my own Again hp approached tbo door. Old Ragee looked at her mistress significantly. Miss Monk nodded, and tbe Hindoo hastened to open the door. .. Without a look at her, Gilbert Monk strode out into the hall, and the door closed behind bim* . Ragee shot home the bolt in tho lock, listened to his departing steps, and faced her mistress. 'What is to be done?' questioned the Hindoo, in a whisper. 'Is it an. alliance, Missy ?' 'No— a war to the death 1' said Miss Monk, in her fierce sibilant voice, ' I am ; notsafc while Bernice lives. Sho will never ' consent to marry Gilbert. She adores Roy. Ohetwynd. ' Sho has plans of ber own. ' She plays the ghost here to frighten me. Sho means to reveal, herself in timo to Roy. She moans to be rev« nged on' mc. . I tell you I'm standing upon a sleeping volcano. I am notsafc. Tho girl must dio i' ' Aye, she miiBt die.!'' ' When the detective leaves, Gilbert will go to London to sco Bernice. You must follow bim. You must track him to her. Find her, and let her not escape you the third time,' and Miss Monk's eyes flamed with her murderous meaning. 'Be as secret as deatu, as cruel as tue grave. Remember, it !b my safety you aro fighting for.' ' . Tho'Hindoo nodded assent, with an evil smile. And now wo will fleo bow Bernice was faring. Her meeting with Flacksecmed op portune. Sbe resolved to spend tho night with Mrs. Growl, and to resume her search on the following day for something to do, nnd somewhere to stay. Mrs. Orowl was in the act of sitting down to her supper, when Flack arrived with Bernice. : She sprang up with a gurgling cry of joy.' ' Sit down here,' she said, pushing for ward a chair. 'You look tired, Miss Gwyn.' Then hastily removing Bernice's bat, she Jirought a cup of hot, strong tea. The girl eagerly, and sipped it, feeling a \- begin to diffuse itself ^^^^^^H^^rstpm, Mrs. Orowl brought 0 h wy n to brown' too weak and tired , and footsore. :? The I woman brought her tea and tout, and | afterward beef tea,, and about noon young Lady Chetwynd appeared in the outer room, with her hair floating over her J shoulders and attired in her travelling ] dress. ' j Mrs, Orowl brought a tempting loncheon j to her guest, and Bernice partook of it. ! When she had finished ehe said, grate* I fully: j ' I thank you for all yotrr kindness to me, Mrs. Orowli and- perhaps some day . I may repay it. I do not litco to encroach opon your hospitality another night, and yet I am hardly, able to go out to-day in search of a lodging or situation as govertfess.' . - ; Mrs. Orowl was very attentive to her young guest during the remainder of the day and evening. Lady Ohetwynd retired early, and slept well. The next morning she aroso early, herself once more. Sho came out to breakfast, and was waited upon with due. respect by Mrs* Orowl, After tho meal Bernice went into the bedroom, packed her travelling bag, aud put on iier bat. She came' out ready for departure. 'You have been very kind to me, Mrs. Orowl,' she said, extending her hand. 11 1 am strong enough to re&umo; my search for work. I cannot remain hero longer.- I thank you again and again, and some day I hope to reward you.' ? She held out her hand, and Mrs, Orowl graspedit with a lingering pressure, Ber nice moved toward the door.- Mrs. Orowl, who had been standing before it, moved aside with an odd smile, Bernice essayed to open the door. It was locked. ' What does tbis mean ?' she demanded, hereyes flashing. 'It means, Jtfiss,' retorted the woman, ' fcbot you are a prisoner.' Bernice stood amazed, indignant. - 'Open this door!' she commanded, her sweet voice ringing. M Open it, or I will alarm the house 1' . « ? Do— and see what ycu'll get by it. The: lodgers, except us, are all men, away for the day. Tho landlady is my friend and relative, and will stand by me. Scream yell— shout. You'll -not alarm so much as a fly. You are a prisoner, Miss, and yon may as well understand the fact first as last.'. CHAPTER XXVII, BISSET STARTLES LORD OHETWYND. Lord Ohetwynd, Mr. Tempest, and Bisset, the detective officer, while pursuing their object of searching the unused attics of the house, had gone from room to room, with their candles held high above their heads.' examining every nook and corner, and find ing only bare walls and dusty floors. Tbe young marquis had not been sufficiently: sanguine to hope to find under his own roof some vestige of the recent visit of the Chet* wynd ' spectre;' Mr. Tempest betrayed ? a keen anxiety, but he also had no hope of re ceiving enlightenment in regard to the mys terious visitor whose declared resemblance to Bernice— his unowned daughter— thrilled him with a desire to see her. Bisset, nlone ♦ of the three, was cool and thoroughly self possessed. He led the search, and bis keen glances penetrated every niche and nook and he stopped to.examinc footprints in tho dust covering, the floors with a delibera tion and patience tbat annoyed his com-' panions. 'You'll mAp nothing of thoso foot- j prints,' said^Srd Ohetwynd, impatiently, as Bteset tCo^out a foot rule ftom bis pocket and proceeded to measuro ono track in its, length and breadth, and to note tbe. measurements in his private noto-book. 'Some servant may have rambled through these rooms. That i6 the print of a man's foot, is it not?' 'Yes, my^ lord/'' Bald Bisset, briefly. 'Such small items as this sometimes don't como amiss in my. profession. And these measurements may bo of service to me here after. Let me go in advance, that I may measure any other trackB before our own confuse them.' He went on in advance. The first foot print he bad measured was that of Gilbert Monk. He presently found another dis tinctly defined — the footprint of the Hindoo woman, Ragee. There was no heel-mark to this print. The shoe had been flat and wide, nnd Bisset knew at a glance, with his shrewd, trained faculties, who bad worn it* 'I begin to see. light,' lie thought. ' Everything goes to confirm my. theory, preposterous as tbat theory seems. Monk is the author of tho man's footprint ; the Hindoo woman is the nutbor.of this one. I have caught glimpses of a third print, but su confased with these two' that it cannot readily bo distinguished. If I could but como upon a clear impression of the third foot.' Tho wish was soon gratified. He found distinctly set in tlie heavy layer of dust the impression of a girl's slender, delicatc, highly-archcd foot ; and now his face fiuahed and a tinge of eagerness came to bis.manner, as ho said : ' Wc will go on, if you please.' They continued their investigations. And at last, in the very last room they visited, they came upon the ladder which Bernice bad left leaning against the trnp.door of the low upper ganct which she had mado her haunt. Bissct's cyesl gleamed ns he beheld the ladder. Ho sprarg forward and climbed up the rounds like a cat, and was in the upper garret. Something in his manner infected Ohet wynd and Tempest with like energj . They came after bim up the ladder into tbe upper room. It wa3 only a low garret, barely six feet high in its bigliCBt part, without win dows, a mere den, lighted and ventilated through seams and crevices in the slated roof. ... ? And yet it was seen at the first glance to have been* tho haunt of & human being. ' | There was a mattress in a corner, a i nillow. and' blankets. A bit of broken Ii post. :ea that from a' jmpest, tneat ige the \- time,': *» my lantsof its, and amlned' at the' is the: f Lady' , Teni ) young' ling his: id, and' isr nnd white— mover it and \- silken r Chet irafall faarled strange b. And Look at eVuuril IntfcM, The officer produced tbe fragment of lace which Lord Obietwynd-had given him, and fitted, U to the original ftill, . -The fact was apparent at a glance ; the fragment had been torn from that very frill. -( Was there no other mark upon her lady ship's gown, besides the pattern of the lace, by which your lordship might identify it ?' the officer asked; . 'No-ryes. .Upon the evening alter our dinner: party; as Lady Ohetwynd and I stood in her boudoir,'. replied themarqui9, 'the ornaments upon my watch chain- be- came entangled in the lace on the inner side of her sleeve. . Our attempts to detach tho ornaments resulted in a rent in tho lace; an odd little zigzag rent, whioh Fjfine, Lady Ohetwynd's French maid, repaired the ne^t day. I have never thought of the incident since, until now your question recalls n, 'We can Boon prove, then, if ihia be her ladyship's gown,*' said Bieset, 'Look I' .; - He displayed the inner Bide- of both sleeves, ... Lord Ohetwynd examined both, and uttered a strange cry, starting 'back, . He bad found tho little rent ho had i described, bnt so carefully darned as to be imperceptible save to the closest scrutiny,.: Bisset and Mr- Tempest examined it narrowly. ^ 'This is incredible,' said the explorer, in sudden agitation. 'Are We to understand that this is actually,and truly Lady Obet* wynd's burial gown ?' 'It is proved by bis lordship to have been Lady. Ohetwynd's robo;' worn on her first evening in this h0UB0,' said Bisset. ' But it Ib not yet proven to have been the gown in which she was buried.' 'But it is the same,' declared tbe mar quis— ' the very same. She was buried in tbis gown— I'll Bwear to it. She looked iiv her coffin like a bride. She had no othbr wbite silk gown out square in the neck, and' with sleeves like those. Aslc Miss Monk. Shoknows, and will tell you.' 1 'Let us not drag Miss Monk Into this business of investigating, my lord,' said Bisset. ' I prefer to keep Miss Monk in ignorance of our movements. Is there no other who can identify the gown?' 'Lady Ohetywnd's French maid Fifinc. She lives in London.' I have her address somewhere.' i '? Yerv well. ' We will anDl v in duo timo to Mademoiselle Fifine,' declared Bisset. 'But to go on with our work here. Your lordship has proved conclusively that this gown be longed to Lady Ohetwynd. Your lordship also believes tbis gown to have been her ladyship's burial robe. Yon will be shocked, my lord, at my next proposal, but a moment's reflection will assure you of its propriety, I desire, in your lordship's presence and the presence of your distinguished guest, Mr. Tempest, to open Lady Ohetwynd's coffin.' Lord Ohetwynd started. The idea seemed sacrilegious. His stern, agitated face ex pressed, his refusal.' The explorer looked scarcely less agitated and amazed. . ' This is a most, singular proposal, Mr. Bisset,' said Tempest, endeavoring to re cover himself. 41 Why should you seek to disturb the remainB of the dead 2 I cannot wonder that Lord Ohetwynd refuses to grant your request. I think I never heard so strange a proposal in my life.' 'But these are strange circumstances in which wc find ourselves, sir,' said Bisset, re spectfully. ' There is a fair share of proba bility tbat this gown was worn by Lady Obetwynd in her coffin. How, then, did ib come out? I dnre not as yet declare to you all my suspicions. What shall I say to you, and not betray.too much t Havo you never heard of people being buried in tranccs? Have yon never heard of cases of. suspended animation? Why should' not Lady Ohet wynd have been the victim of catalepsy 1 ! Suppose she were buried in a trance?' I 'It is not possible,' cried Tempest, in an agony. -(How can it he? She was' not buried for six days,' 'There are welUautlienticated instances where animation was suspended for a week, or even so long as ten days, 'declared Bieset, calmly. ' But Bhe was dead, I tell you,' said Lord Obetwynd, brokenly. ' Ah I there was no mistake in that fact. She died of fever con tracted in the cottage of a poor tenant. She knew that she was dying. She bade him good-bye. And when sbe had died h'cr eyes becamo sunken, and the look that the dead have mantled ber facc. There was a strange blueness- about tho poor, pinched face—' ... - He broke down sobbing. Bisset started eagerly. UA bluenesa, my lord?' he ejaculated, ' For Heaven's sake, go on. Did this blue, ness settle most heavily under the eyes and about the mouth?' ' Yes, yes. It changed her, giving her a gbastlincss that haunts me still.' Bisset communed with herself for some moments. Evidently Ohetwynd's words had produced a vivid impression upon him. At last lie epoKc ; u My lord, your words but confirm my de sire to look within Lady Ohetwynd's coffin. There is a state of trance characterised by the peculiar blueness of tho viBage you havo described. I cannot tell you more yet, but beforo God I swear I will lay baro before you, before I shall have relinquished your service, a story that will thrill you with horror. I believe, bo help me God, tbat Lady Ohetwynd was in a trance when she was buried.' Ohetwynd reeled, his bronzed noble face becoming ghastly white. 'Ab, whatl' lie gasped. 'You believe that she— my. wife— my little Bernice— died there in her coffin, while I was weeping and moeming for her here ?' 'No, no. You do . not comprehend me entirely. She was buried alive—' Tempest echoed the wordB with an an guished groan. Ohetwynd put up his hands as to ward off a blow. He conld not speak. 'I repeat,'. said Bisset, and tbe flickering candlelight fell full upon his earnest face, ' that Lady Ohetwynd, in my opinion, was buried alive. I believe that, for purposes of greed, or .other purposes; she was rescued from her tomb— ^ ' Rescued !' cried Ohetwynd, in a quick, hollow whisperi .' Whether Bbe arose from her coffin in ber right mind or not, I cannot yet determine,' Eursued Bieset. ' But that Bhe4 arose from e.r coffinlam fully persuaded. I believe that she liyesr-' Ohetwynd retreated to* the wall. He seemed about , to faint, but biB' blue eyeB burned with a wild and awful fire, and the ghastliness of his face deepened, ' Shall I gopii?' asked Bisset, with. an anxious glance at the marquis, I bolieve that Lady Obetwynd lives. I'believe that' it was your own wife, yon- have. seen bo re Seatedly, my lord; I believe' that Lady hetwynd's speotre is Lady Ohetwynd's liv ingself 1' The words o! Bisset, as he thus declared his belief in the continued existence of Lady Obetwynd, burned like coals into tho hearts of his two listeners. Both Ohetwynd and Tempest stood * like statues, motionless, dumb, frozen in an awful horror, . The words of the officer seemed wild and heartless. Lord Obetwynd rallied, and said : , - ^ : ' 'After what has been said here to-night— preposterous aa it seems— I shall never know ! a minute's peace, day or night; until I have examined my poor wife's coffin; I know not what to think* Of'course my'wifeisdead in truth, but I cannot rest until I know that i her bones lie in the coffinin yonder parish [ vault.' . I must know this very night— within the hour. Mr. Bisset will, I know, aooom pany me. ? ? Mr. Tempftit,. will you go, also!' -- The : explorer bowgd' Mient. Indced, he longedswitbi a . feverish anfciety to prove wfaetfcer Bernice wttt dtad or no, * '^Wewill rornoir»JcpQtfemta/'sAid Blacet, agony tly«- ^Ottrrtffurch*! baryta etdod, Ho gathered tlio silken robe, all Btained and frayed nnd yellowed nnd wrinkled as it was, across his arm, and led tho way from the attics to the lower fioor. TFp'on the third 'floor they halted to listen, . 'Wo must be on our guard,' Baid, Bisset, in a whiBper. ' I do hot wish Mr. or Miss Monk to become awaro of our proceedings. It is well to be as secret ns possible.' . Tho three men moved cautiously toward the stair. _ As they halted a moment near tho land: ing, listening, Gilbert Monk's head appeared above the lever of the floor. Monk was struck, at the first glance, by the counten ances of the three men whom lie thus met face to. facc, and he Btood aghast at sight of I the burden one of the three men bore. That 1 burden .was tho silk gown in which Bernice had so successfully played thepart of spectre, and it was still flung across tho arm of tbe detectivc'officer, Monk'stared speechless. He comprehended the scene at a glance. He had not calculated that the robe of Bernico would be found, yet in his amazement his desperate courage did not forsake him, ? 11 Ha, what have you there?' be aBked, ; finding bis voice under the keen scrutiny of Mr. BiBSot. ' The spectre's gown, I'll risk a guinea. Have you found tho spectra herself in propria persona V ' No,' Gilbert,' said Lord Ohetwynd ; 'but wo b?vo i found . er:^.:2ce .Jhat tho rajs terlons girl, whoever Bhe may bo, bns inbabitatcd an attic in tbis house for days and weckB.' ' Indeed,' said Monk, coolly. ' I shouldn't have slept bo sound of nigbts if I bad sus pected that. For, to tell the truth, I fancy the creaturc is demented.' ' We bayo mado other discoveries, also, Mr. Monk,' said Bisset, eying Monk sharply. ' Wc found footprints in tho dust of the atftc floors. I measured tbem, and have come to some valuable conclusions.' .? fjjuchhsV^ ' 7* I keep./^jWbnclusionB to enhance the glory of ^ 'Vy/izlal announcement,' declared Bisset, with' exasperating indifference. (-}We shall see what we shall see. But permit us to pass, Mr; Monk.' Monk bowed courteously, and stood asid-t until the three gentlemen had reached the fioor next lower. He then followed them. Arrived upon the chamber floor, Lord Ohetwynd took the silken robo from Bisset and carried it into tho dressing-room Lady Ohetwynd had occupied, and locked it in an armoire. He returned to the hall, whero Tempest and Bisset awaited him, and Mock with the'm. His lordship glanced from Bisset to Monk, who saw thnt some further movement was on foot, and was determined to engage in it, — ( To be Continued.) 