Redcliffe Recreation. On Saturday, the Queen's Birthday, Red- oliffe made its first, attempt at getting up a public entertainment, and the effort was at tended with great sucoess. Mr. Fass, of the Bedoliffe Hotel, lent the room. The entertain ment, whioh was partly dramatio, and partly of the natnra of a concert, was in aid of a fund' towards building a Sohool of Arts. Although about 150 persons attended, the monetary restut was not good. In oonseqnenae of being unable to make a charge for admission, the organisers of the entertainment had to depend on a ool- leotion, and Bbared the nsual fate of those de pending on voluntary donations, for a large number of those who availed themselves of the ovening's amusement, failed to see the neoes- sity of putting anything into the plate. The first part of the proceedings was a Christy Minstrel entertainment, whioh seemed to give entire satisfaction to' the a'udionoo, if one may judge by the shouts of applause whioh rewarded the wittioismsof the performers . Mr. Donavuh's song, " The Irish Gentleman," was the best song of the evening. A oapital performance of marionettes was also given by by J. Culver. The little figures were manipu lated with great skill, ana the applause was hearty and prolonged ; the ohildren, of whom there was a goodly number, being eapeoially delighted with the mimio men and women. The excellence of the hornpipe danoad by the sailor marionette could hardly have been surpassed, ond the skeleton who danoed in his boaes was admirable. A short oomedy, written by a local oelebrity, entitled " The 4 o' Cloak Train from Redoliffe," acted by Mr. Fas!, Mr. Culver, and TV. Walsh, completely brought down the house. The unhappy traveller who had missed the 4 o'olook train was oompelled to remain at Redoliffe for tbe night, as the commissioners had not seen fit to give Redoliffe a train after that boar. The hotel at whieh he put np was haunted, and the apparition of the enor mous ghost, white-sheeted, on whose ebony foeo a lighted oundle held in dangerons prox imity ehed a lurid light) so completely over came hiB nerves that he fell with a orash which ho must have felt in every nerve of his body, and lay "very" dead upon tho stage as the onrtain fell amid rounds of applanso. This brought the entertainment to a olose, and a large proportion of the andienoe dispersed ; but a few light- hearted andlight-footod individuals of both sexes remained and oleared the room for a danoe, whioh was kept up till nearly mid night. Altogeihor the affair was very Buooess- lul, and brought many people togathor to spond a sociable and agreeable evening. Sir Julius Vogol's latest book has run through two editions of 1,000 copies oaob, and is now ont of print. Tho pnbliehors aro arranging for a popular edition, bound in oloth with gUt edges, to be issued at 2s. Od. The original edition was issued at 7s. Cd. It is understood that Sir Julias will reoeive a very substantial monetary payment in the oonrse of tbe next few days, wren his first settlement with hie publishers will take place. - ! ' ; 