? DRAMAS OF LIFE. " A SERIES OF SHORT STORIES. A BIJOU RESIDENCE. BY GEOBGB R. SIMB. Author of "Tales of To-day," "The Dagonet Ballads," "How the Poor Live." It was described in the house agent's circular as a compact little-semi- attached bijou residence, with long garden and charmingly situated. A % matter of fact it was a sixdoomed villa,' ugly, dismal, low-ceiltaged"8mi damp. The long garden was in a neglected, chaotic state, and consisted principally of weeds, rubbish, and sooty, dejected frees. was situated in one of those lonely by-roadsto£ St. John's Wood whieh even in the biroadesb daylight wears an air of mystery, and.it had been in the agent's hands for over tvvdve months. One autumn afternoon a tall, dark young man, of about two and thirty, who wore a small black moustache curled up at the ends, paused in front of the "Villa," and read the noticeboard, vhich was stuck up on the f rotit gate, attentively. "To let, with immediate possession. For particulars apply to Messrs. Brown & Co., House and Estate Agents, Wellington-road, St John's Wood." "Quiet place, that," the gentleman muttered to himself. " Wonder what it's like in- Bide." It was impossible to see anything from the roadway but the top' part of the villa. A high wall, surmounted by trellis work thickly overgrown With ivy, completely shut out the vulgar gaze; and the front garden gate, by which access was obtained, was a solid door "with a little square flap let into it, which could only be opened from the inside. The gentleman, after examining the exterior of the house carefully, walked up and down the narrow retired'little road, and appeared to be studying it carefully. Although it was 4 o'clock m the afternoon all was as still as death. AU the villas on either side were of a retiring disposition, and high walls and tall trees completely hid the modest inhabitants from observation. — "This is the very place," muttered the man to himself. I wonder what the name of it is." ' He walked up to the corner, and then found the name written up. He drew out his pocketbook and made a note. " Laburnham-road, St. John's Wood; The Retreat." The Retreat was the name which some former owner had given to the eligible villa, and 'it was still painted up above the garden door. The next day a gentleman giving the name of Mr. Thomas Smith called upon the house agentSj and made enquiries as to the rent of the eligible bijou residence, and requested to look over it. A clerk«vas sent to accompany him with the keys, ana Mr. Thomas Smith carefully inspected the premises. . The house stood in a long dilapidated garden, some distance from the roadway. It was very quiet, very gloomy-looking, and slightly out of repair. Mr. Thomas Smith having inspected the rooms took a stroll round the 'garden. He noticed the trees on either side completely shut) out the view of the neighbours, and that at the end of the garden was similarly protected. As soon as he had completed his observations, he asked the agent's clerk how long, the place had been empty. About twelvemonths, sir," was the reply. " Anything against it ?" "Not that I know of. You see its rather small, and that's what we think lias prevented it's letting, but it might be made a very pretty Jittleplaoe." "Yee, it might," replied Mr. Thomas Smithj thoughtfully. "I'll think'aboutit, and let you know my decision. By- the-by, what's the rent?" " Very moderate, sir. Only £45 a year," The house agents saw nothing further of Mr. Thomas Smith for three days. On the fourth day he called at the office and expressed himself willing to take the house for seven years provided they would accept a lump sum of £350 down. They promised to consult the owner of the property, and Mr. Thomas Smith gave hifi address at the Langham Hotel. - He explained that he was an American, that he was returning to America to fetch his wife to London* where he intended to settle. As jio one knew him in London it would save the trouble and delay of writing out to America for references and all that sort of thing if he paid in cash and relieved the landlord of all anxiety in the matter. • The agents knew that the property was a bad one to let, that it was not in good repair, and that it would require a good deal of money laid out upon it to put it m a proper sanitary condition and they thought the offer a good one. A lease was prepared and signed, and on the appointed day Mr. Thomas Smith, in exchange for Bank of England notes for £250 became the" tenant of that charming bijou residence known as the Retreat, Laburnham-road, St.' John's Wood, and the keys were handed^oves to him. He expressed himself quite satisfied with, his bargain, and was very communicative with regard to his future plans. He was going to lay out money on the plaoe, and he didn't think he should b%in the painting and decoration until, next spring, as ho wouldn't furnish it until his return from: America with his wife. Mr. Thomas Smith was evidently pleased,, the agents we pleased, and the landlord was delighted. He had begun to think that hewould have his bijou residence on his hands until it committed suicide by falling to pieces, a thing it had beeu threatening to do for some time past. You see these villas are mostly built to let, and the tenant is expected to prop them up in order to keep a roof over his head. When they don't let and there is no tenant, the landlord has the terrible alternative of seeing theui-. crumble to earth or spending money on his own -property, which is a thine no well-regur lated landlord will do if he can help it. Mr. Thomas Smith, the new proprietor of. the Retreat, paid one or two visits to his property, accompanied by a man who looked like a builder. They would let themselves, in,, remain some time on the premises, and then come out and walk away conversing earnestly together. Laburnham-road is not one of those roads'im which the neighbours take much interest in each other. The postman must occasionally go down it, and the milkman, and the butcher, and the baker, but I have passed through it scores of times without seeing a living sou'. And now I come to think of it I don't ever remember to have seen a face at any of the upper windows (the lower ones are all hidden fcy the high garden walls), or a servant at the door, which seeing that it was within halt a anile of the Barracks, is remarkable. The people WHO take houses in it evidently •seek it on account of its quiet and seclusion from observation. . . Mr. Thomas Smith {of Amarica) was evidently not too desirous of attracting attention as a new comer, for his visits were always paid in the dusk of the evening and whether he came by himself or accompanied by the man -who looked like a builder he usually looked •cautiously up and down the road bafore he let himself in- . .. . , , One afternoon just as it was dusk he came •down the Laburnham-road accompanied by a lady. They were walking arm in arm and •chatting together in the most-amiable manner possible. Outside the *' Retreat" they halted for a moment while Mr. Thomas Smith felt in his pocket for the key. " It's quiet enough here, Charles," said the lady as she glanced about her. Yes, dear, you inight live here for year3 :and nobody would know you. Not much fear •of our being overlooked by our neighbours." The key had been foundand the garden door was open. The lady cave a little cry as she caught sight •of the eligiwe villa. " Oh, dear.-what .a tumble-down plaoe—why, it looks as if it were haunted." " Yon Bee it at its worst, Jennie. Of course it' w2T waut a lot of dping up, but if it .suits yop I can make a charming little plaoe of.it. T-heee places never look at their be^t on a dull *nht6rfe afternoon, ~'yop know. Gome in and «ee the rooms." . K -The- lady passed intorae,gartienand the .door • -closed behind her. . . . . An hour later,, when the last vestige of daylight Had gone,amair came quietly (along laburpham-road—it was the man who looked & builder, aSid wholiad accompanied -Mr. Thomas Smith to the " Retreat" on several •previous occasions. '.'-', , * He baited ill front of the house, and gently nulled, the bell. A moment or two afterwards a footstep was heard on the gravel path inside—then the flap in the centre of the door was lifteil, and a man's white face waa seen peering out in the jdorkness. The builder-looking man was the first to «peak. " Is it done?" he said. " Yes," waa the reply. Then'the door was opened quietly, -'and the " builder" matt passed in. : an hour later thelittle flap was lifted once more, and again a face was seen to be pressed against it. . " It was the face of a mart listening intently to hear if there was the Bound'of any one moViitg on the pavement outside. All was 6till as death. The door opened and two men emerged. They were Mr. Thomas Smith (of America), and the "builder." Mr. Thomas Smith pulled the front door to quietly as they passed out, then pushed it with hi8 hand to make sure the lock had caught. • The two men separated without a word, one going one way, and one the other? Where was the lady ? « . • • * • Twelve months after the taking of the " Retreat," a braad-Bhouldered, burly-lookinf; . man presented himself at Scotland Yard ancl desired to see one of the officials. He was taken to the inspector on duty, and he made the following statement :— ' . "Myname is Richard Marleigh. On the 18th of December last I assisted to bury the ' body of a woman who had been murdered at ; a house, in St. John's Wood. I wish to give myself into"custody." ' further interrogated he declined to give Any w f T tbthgnlfmb f m t w d t ® ' - " ' information except that he would snow the " : police where the' body was concealed. The man was rather peculiar in his manner, \- aiid the Inspector at onoe had a suspicion that , he~ was listening to one «£ those self-accusations so common with people whose_ minds are affected—accusations of crimes which exist only in the disordered mind of the narrator. However, it was his duty to make a complete investigation, so- he -pressed for further particulate. "Who was the murdered woman—who mur dered her, and where was the" body buried." I decline to implicate any one but myself, the man replied. "It is on my conscience and I cannot Vest. I had £500 for my share of the . transaction, but it did me no good. I have been a miserable wretch ever since, and I want to be taken into custody -and undergo my punishment. Even if it is death it cannot be more terrible than the torture of mind which I am enduring now." Finding the man obstinately refused to name his accomplice or to go into details, the In- \- spector thought the best thing was to humour \- hhn, and allow him, at least, to point out where the body was concealed. - _ So he told the man he might consider himself ' in custody, and requested hhn to take them at ' onoe to tltie scene of the murder. "The body is buried -in the garden' of a little house called ' The Retreat,' in Laburnham-road, St. John's Wood," said the man, " I . -will go with you now and point out the spot." This looked more like business, and the Inspector called a . Sergeant tp accompany them, took a eab, and the party drove at once to the house in question. On ringing the bell it was opened by a . decent-looking, middle-aged woman, who was evidently terribly alarmed at seeing the Sergeant in uniform with Mr. Marleigh. " " Oh, Richard, what have you done ?" she exclaimed. The Inspector uttered a few reassuring common-places. . "Don't be alarmed, madam, he said, " this gentleman is your husband, I suppose ?" 'fYes. sir, he is." Leaving the Sergeant in charge of the selfaocused prisoner, the Inspector took Mrs. Marleigh a little on one side. "Now, madame," he said, "if you will j answer me a fe\v questions it may save a good deal of trouble. Is your husband in his right mind?" . "Well, sir," replied the woman, hesitating, and the tears coming into her eyes, "sometimes I'm afraid he isn't. Ever since we've lived in this house, nearly a year now, he's had the queerest fancies about ghosts and being haunted, and he's been restless and queer as though there were something on his mind." "Thank yon," said the Inspector, "that will do for the present. We're just going out , in the grounds to look about—just to humour him, you know. • I think you'd better remain indoors." Then he went into the Hall, and beckoning the Sergeant to bring the prisoner along, the three men passed into thegarden. "Now, "said the Inspector, " whereabouts do you say that the body is buried ?" "There," exclaimed the man, pointing with a trembling finger in the direction of a peartree. " There, just under the pear- tree. But don't let me stop here to see it brought to light. For God's sake don't. I couldn't look upon that poor girl's face again. I would rather die." "Very well; Sergeant, go in doors with him, and don t let him communicate with anybody till I return." The Sergeant and the prisoner went into the house, and the Inspector went out to get assistance in digging up the ground. A few doors p «p he saw some workmen busy relaying the drauis of a house. They were hard at work Kith their spades and pickaxes. A word to the foreman, and half a dozen of them accompanied him to the "Retreat." They set to work and dug diligently all round the pear tree. "This place has been dugout 'before and tilled up," said the foreman. . Yes, the Inspector could see that, and he at once eame to the conclusion that he was on the track of an unknown crime after all. But the men came upon no body; they dug and they -dug deep. • Presently the foreman looked ujk. " Where !«ve've got to now," he said, "has never been dug before. There's nothing lying under •here. You can see for yourself, it's all solid «lay here." _ The men stopped in their labour—one of them -in shovelling the loose earth away from the struck something with his spade, What's that?" said the Inspector, r gtone?" * The man stooped down and felt in the loose earth with his hands. "No," heexclamed, "it isn't a stone—It's something gold." . " Covered with mud and dirt he drew out a circular object, and handed it to the Inspector. It was a woman's gold bracelet "That's curious at any rate," thought the Inspector to himself. Then he ordered the man to dig on and to dig all round. They dug right and left but there was no trace of a body, not the slightest indication ot the ground having been hollowed out except jn the spot where the bracelet was found. After two hours' hard work the Inspector told the men to 6top for the present, and he great indoors to the prisoner. | " There's no body under the pear tree," he said. "Have you made a mistake in the place ?" r "No," replied Richard Marleigh, "I tell you it is there. I helped to bury it myself." "Come with me and point out the place again." The prisoner went into the garden with the Sergeant and the Inspector. He looked in amazement and terror at the great cavity the workmen had left. "Good God!" he cried, "What does it Ihean ? It was there we buried her—there, and nowhere eke. I swear it. Do you think the accursed sj>ot isn't graven on my memory ? Do you think I haven't watched it night and day, expecting lier to rise up out of her grave and accuse me i" "Well," replied the Inspector, '"'there's no body there now, that's a certainty. Come, as it further to the left do-you think^or. urther to tliie right ?"' " No, it was there, under the pear tree. The Inspector was completely nonplussed. S he discovery of the bracelet he said.nothing. o the prisoner about, for reasons' of his -own ;. ut the bracelet had evidently been. buried here, and there was- evidence : that the ground, ad keen dug into in-, just such a way as a I rave would be made.. The digging out was, t ot deep. The bracelet had .been found :in the • t oose earth near the- surface; but taking these tdLKHbwa acts, together with the manls persistent stateent that a yea* previously he had helped to ury a body'there, there • was sufficient prima acie evidence of a crime having been com-i itted. But where was the-body- ?: Had it been removed: by. some one unknown, o RichawfcMarleigh?. That was tine only solution, to. the puzzle w hich presented itself tq-the Inspector, and on* t thai assumption he determined.to act. He took his prisoner back, in, custody, and. etermined to charge him on. his own confes-. o sion. The publicity given, to the details might lead to information, being received, frflmiother.- quarters. Be also engaged workmen,, and had thegarden thoroughly dug out underthesuperintendence of the police.. And then armed with, the bracelet, hie proceeded to make what enquiries , he- could, as. he man obstinately refused either to give theame of the woman bs> declared; had- beeiv murdered,-or to implicate ahy one else in:the transaction. - • ' "The" first thing h& did that-very afternoon was tQ ascertain who, had let the house, and. to gb.to the agents,: ' - - : "-' • ifromthekh.helearned thatayear-previonjsly. a Mr. Thomas Smith, giving an address.at'the Langham Hbtel^had taken the house for seven years, and paid'a Iarg» sum' for-it in bank- -notes.?'- t . • ' This Mr. Thomas Smith did not answer the description of' the present tenant, Richard Marleigh, in any one particular.' Mr.TChomas Smith had possession given to him, and was the nominal tenant. It must have been Mr. Thomas Smith who. gave the house over to Marieigh. Where was ne,-and was he the murderer-4f the murder-had really taken place. ' Enquiries at the Langham were not satisfactory. There had .been a good many Smiths staying there in December, three of them from America. But the chances were that the hirer of the "Retreat" had given a false, address. The agents remembered, when they thought over the transaction,-that there had ..been no correspondence ; that. Thomas Smith had simply re-, quested them to jget ,a lease prepared and he would oall and_settle the matter at the office on a certain day. That clue, therefore, was a very shadowy fine. The next thing was to ascertain if any young woman was missing from her home last December, and then to see if any of the friends could identify the bracelet. It was on the bracelet that the Inspector relied to put him on the right "track. Enquiries were also at onoe instituted with regard to Richard Marleigh. These were obtained easily enough, but were not of much value to the police. Richard Marleigh had been a builder. Two years ago he had failed in business, principally owing to his gambling propensities. He had neglected his business for racing, of which he was passionately fond, and in his bankruptcy he attributed his failure to losses on the turf. Everything had gone to his creditors, and he had been compelled to take a situation with another firm. He was a better master than servant, and his salary was not a large one. But a year ago his circumstances improved. He had taken possession of the Retreat and furnished it, and a friend to whom he owed £100 confessed that he had paid him the amount since his bankruptcy. The friend thought he had won it by betting. The Inspector was now inclined to think that it was' part of the sum he had been, paid for his share'inthe crime of which he accused himself. Richard Marleigh was duly placed in the dock and charged on his own confession with having on the night of the 18th of December, 188—, been a party to the murder of a woman - unknown—according to his own statement an accessory after the fact. Such evidence as it was thought advisable to make public the police tendered, sufficient to c btain a remand. The prisoner persisted in his statement, but still obstinately refused to name the actual murderer, or to give the slightest clue to the woman's identity. But for the finding of the woman's bracelet the man would probably have been discharged on the ground that he was the victim of a delusion, especially as the police surgeon was strongly inclined to the belief that the man's mind was affected. It was certain that for some time past he had drunk heavily, and selfaccusation of - fearful orimesis not an unknown feature of confirmed alcoholism. The story, directly it got into the newspapers, attracted a great deal of attention, and the police were as usual inundated with applications from persons who had missing friends. It is marvellous what a number of people annually disappear in England, of.whom all trace is lost, and whose friends never communicate with the police until a body is found which cannot be identified. The album of the Unknown Dead which is kept at Scotland Yard is one of the grimmest ana most terrible features of our modern civilisation. Who are these men and women, old and young, whom nobody misses, whom nobody can identify, who are found dead, some victims of the cold-blooded assassin, some suicides, some poor wretches who have dropped down to die, or been seized with a fatal illness in the streets of the Great City, some the victims of accident, but nearly all buried at last as " unknown," their ghastly features preserved in that book of photographic horror which from time to time is opened that an enquirer after a missing friend may search for the absent one's features in the ghastly collection of London's myriad mysteries. Hundreds of people wrote to or called at Scotland Yard to say that they had lost a relation, and to suggest that the murdered person whose tody could not be found might be their lost one. The fact that it was a young woman _ who was supposed to have been murdereddid not deter enquirers calling to suggest that it might be their grandfather who went out for a walk some years ago and never returned or their daughter, aged ten,"who had not been seen since she went to school one morning, or their husband, who disappeared mysteriously twenty years ago. There is absolutely no limit to the idiocy of the people who communicate with the police directly anything is found, whether it be a human body,'or a dog, or a banknote. "I remember once losing my poor old dog Pickle (peace to her memory) and putting up a bill offering £5 reward for her recovery. I described her fully as fa small black-and-tan bitch, and yet within forty-eight hours I have every kind of ^og brought to my door; ragged little boys brought me retrievers by the dozen, a clergyman kindly called with a Newfoundland dog, a lady came round with a pug puppy, and a land old gentleman walked five miles with a greyhound which he had found in his back garden." So it is with the police notices. Common sense seems to be the one thing lacking in the eople who tender information or come to s O d o w identify bodies. One body will sometimes be claimed by half a dozen people, although not bearing the slightest resemblance to the person they have lost. These people, who worry and bother the authorities, seem to argue in this way. My grandfather is missing, the body of a youth of eighteen has been found—the youth of eighteen must be my missing grandfather. I am not exaggerating the case. Ask the police and they will tell you that I am rather understating it. Hundreds of people came forward to tell wonderful stories, intended to prove that the unknown young woman whom Richard Marleigh ' had assisted to bury in a back garden was a missing relative of theirs, but not one of them could give the slightest information to assist the police, and not one of them could identify the bracelet, which, unfortunately, was an ordinary gold one, such as are sold by jewellers every day. At the end of a month, there being absolutely no further clue, and most of the " missing fnends" having been discovered by the police to be well and happy, and keeping out of the way, for reasons of their own, or absolutely outside the description of the " well-dressed young lady" given by the self-accused accessory to the murder. Richard Marleigh was discharged, the police considering it would serve their purpose to keep him under observation. There was no body in the back garden, and you can't imprison a man for burying a bracelet, * But though Marleigh was discharged, the police did not let their enquiries drop. The inspector who had charge of the case having failed to get any body to identify the bracelet was still busily engaged in endeavouring to find Mr. Thomas Smith, the gentleman who took a seven years' lease of the Retreat, and had failed to come forward and explain under what circumstances he sublet it or presented it to Marleigh. "Do you believe there ever was a murder at all?" said a friend to the Inspector as they talked over the case. "I don't know what to think," replied the Inspector. "The bracelet was there, the s'gnsof a grave having been dug were there." t But where's the body?" . ," I^actly—where's the body and where is Mr. Thomas Smith ?" (To be eoncludcd.) To DARKEN GREY HAIB.—Lockyer's Sulphur Hair Restorer is the quckest, best, safest, and cheapest. Large bottles Is. 6d Everywhere. z93thso 