MIELBOURNE ITEMS. (FROM OUR OWN CORIRESPONDEXT). June 18. The discreditahble seen that occurred in the City Court last Friday, when Mr David Gaulnson.gave his tonlgu a little too much license, furnishes a justilication for the action of his late Parliamenrrrry eonstituents-n-uppo ing that they needed one-in decliining to again return him to tile Legislative Asseombly. For, it must he obvious to the dulle.t intellect that a man is not lit to he entrusted with the impnr tant task of fralning laws, who hna so profound n contempt for them wh-in made as Mr GOtmton exhibited on t :o day named. Thero can be very little doubt that hitn gornerl condluct in the Houtoe very omatlriatly infllenced tihe voting at the last ge.wrarl Icction, and that his failure to gain a seat was prin cipally owing to the fact that the in" tferrts of tire district wonld ho better served by another person. It io, per. irepo, a ftrtunsto circturIrastance for Mr Gaunnon that his cli.nt d nrtt inew things in a simi:ar' light. I have a'on Sbarrl iter eigaged in all itmp trtatt ca.s, who was "suspellded" hy. tihe judgt e b1,fore whor, h. was plesdi,:g for very mtluch less than what nccrtredt loot Friday, oni then client's interests t uf fered in ct'otslreq trenr. tF r nfte.r' all, it musl hn bornro in tmird that a bnrrister does not practice hefre a conrft" ari a matter of "ploncrripltivr right:'' Iut ,pont "sual'ral. e." And ally iul ii may rofuse to her' o bh rristr awho .?y termatir'ally d efiies nld irnulta frlrr. 1. was prtosent in a B. iliih rcoh.1yt ity f4e, year, ag - tln t n: til . t ,u '."r. i tr , r. tntrt cran was rt.pet. fily ,'t,.d rt t. t"the judf?e. After cnutint n-or ? *. tit; failed to tal o nty ollffer ,i; hi j h;i,',, and ,luietly :-"Mir It--, I rafiir, tniheor you any fturther,. and I ilterdict, you fronm coautidcting n nv cii.in thli, olrt for a period' of two inunti." TThat sententce nmant il tihee anto of. B r .1 , a: lop. i ,fErs of abho)t £2120.. S.erero t e rnecessary. Thi whnirlg:i of tin' I.1il,1 round, hnovero, and hret C,.tr Mr D. now diipennea "jjustiea" 'it the very court. frorln whilh hoe wtas ignnittilln ionuly .xpe.ll.frl Iess than . ad c1:l . 'e rs Ago. A.. n pecillteLt of the gonntl re,.di.g of some of our .Molelnurltn "Indite," the fnlln-,ng, is a giro''onart, . ;i it i. given urrtlh, aut'hnrity of a writer in ,Prntt.":-\\\'h'" enrming out of the 'ow'n llll0 oa th niight of no of tie ial,ajl co car?'. :Ipst. wtk. I snew a. ttrtdv.lookilg. lady' rud ly ptr.hirn rvle'y "nn o.rt of rhel woa, anld Onlrng thlser who laoitly lt har'. t.as -.e two ladies, who I hilierv hold 'inlltro tent eposiinon in a fashionahle Cn:lin. otrelt '.'fnrobnllc+. On eleing thlre. sIt te r, the lusing rlady loudly xclainirnet to her uht, ,nitn., " Oh, ti'crn' at Ahe two lhopwomen I ,1 s 'elliitg you tiiut.. Wiha'le;l" id they walit at a claceicnl coneorut'" The author of 't1he abot lidlicrous snoibbry is tlie dough cor .f .alwell known mueml;er of. t L Logisisccvc?,Councilt, ndc th. wife'of e?n liEtoowi'ick sali citor,: and I hiceivo 'poees nas n li.dy. - lMuei? nany hlave; chart e" to soothe the ao eago Ira"t,hert ridec.c.ly iii;un;etimls fails to 'elevat the miitd of 'nwoulill; hiought lady, whole e.mingly forgets that wliloe fam :y. revur'eot freqnuently compel latuies t:o nere i'eliilid a chop counter, it il their misfortunoe to lhae to ait ton ultigr rich women, whom nature it. 'ondcd to keop a fish-s.tall. Tacken in ronnection w'ti the folre going specimen of the genius anob, hoe !: citi. for high I I give it from a lia t of approaching marriages (in high life)) from a "' ociety" paper :-" The mar rirng of Miss E. A. Colmer, third d:,ughtcr of Rehuen Colter Esq., of Sydnvy road, Coturg, to Mr A. E. r-cld. of liucswriuc, yoccgst son rf tha lute W. I. Ford, of West l el hourno. grandson of thio late .Jatme Steer, Esq, of " Box Ieouse," lCont, and great gnand toplIew of ITogarth, tih, fImousu pinter, of Chiswick, Encp land, is announced to take place early in August." Great Peter 1 A great grond-nephew'of the famous author of thie " The ithka's Progress" about to be, marrioed-in Victoria l It it enough to take one's breath away. I wonder the law does not provide a tight-litting waitenoat for people who hi.erlessly hurl broadcast such stupen dou aolnouct ntollt sog aog a lot of Ilarlllesa people; there is no knowing what:iharmt they may do. Before the mnarrialie really comesui off, eoreeone may Ibe rash enough to inform tlhe bride groom.that Sir William Thornhill mar ried IHogarth'a diughter, and then we sihall have Sir William's ghost' hurled at our heads, toget.her with the gheats of all his paint briushee. 