BEATRICE. BT H. RIDER HAGGARD, AUTHOR OF < .ini Solomon's .Kils," "Allan Qluatermain," " Jess," " She," ".2r. 2oeeoen's IWill," to. PUBLISIIHED sY'1B'ECIAL ARRANGEMENT.i OEEAPTER 'XV. ORLY OOOD-RIGIIT. rFIVE more days passed, all too quickly, and once more Monday came round. It was the 22nd of October, and the Michaelmas Sittings began on the 24th. On the morrow, Tuesday, Geoffrey was to return to London, there to meet Lady Honoria and get to work at chambers. That very morning,' indeed, a brief, the biggest he had yet received-it was marked thirty guineas-had been forwarded to him from his chambers, with a note from his clerk to the effect that the case was expected to be in the special jury list on the first day of the sittings, and that the clerk had made an appointment for him with the solicitors for 5.15 on the Tuesday. The brief was sent to him by his uncle's firm, and marked, 'With you the attorney.General and Mhr. Candleton, Q.0.," the well-known leader of the Probate and Divorce Court Bar. Never before had Geoffrey found him self in such honourable company, that is on the back of a brief, and not a little was he elated thereby. But when he came to look into the case his joy abated somewhat, for it was one of the most perplexing that he had over known. The will con tested, which was that of a Yorkshire money-lender, disposed of property to the value of over £80,000, and was propounded by a niece of the testa tor, who, when he died, if not actually weak in his mind, was in his dotage, and superstitious to the verge of in sanity. The niece to whom all the property was left-to the exclusion of the son and daughter of the deceased, both married, and living away from home-stayed with the testator and looked after him. Shortly before his death, however, he and this niece had violently quarrelled on account of an intimacy which the latter had formed with a married man of bad repute, who was a discharged lawyer's clerk. So serious had been the quarrel that only three days before his death the testator had sent for a lawyer, and formally, by means of a codicil, de prived the niece of a sum of £2000 which he had left her, all the rest of his property being divided between his son and daughter. Three days afterwards, however, he duly exe cuted a fresh will, in the presence of two servants, by which he left all his property to the niece, to the entire exclusion of his own children. This will, though very short, was in proper form, and was written by nobody knew whom. The servants stated that the testator be fore signing it was perfectly ac quainted with its contents, for the niece had made him repeat them ln their presence. They also declared, however, that he seemed in a terrible fright, and said twice, 'It's behind me; it's behind me !' Within an hour of the 'signing of the will the testator was found dead, apparently from the effects of fear, but the niece was not in the room at the time of death. The only other remarkable circoumstance in the case was that the disreputable lover of the _iece had been seen hanging about the house at dusk, the testator havillg died at 10 o'clock at night. There was also a further fact. The son, on receiving a message from the niece that his father was seriously worse, had hurried with extraordinary speed to the house, passing some one or something--he could not tell what-that seemed to be running, apparently from the window of the sick man's room which was on the ground floor, and beneath which foot marks were afterwards found. Of these footmarks two casts had been taken of whichphotographswere forwarded with the brief. They had been made by naked feet of small size, and in each case the little joint of the third toe of the right foot seemed to be missing. But all attempts to find the feet that made them had hitherto failed. The will was contested by the next of kin, for whom Geo'rey was one of the counsel, upon the usual grounds of un due influence and fraud; but, as it seemed at present, with small prospect of success, for, though the circum stances were' suspicious enough, there was not the slightest evidence of either. This curious case, of which the outlines are here written, is briefly set out, because it proved to be the foundation of Geoffrey's enormous practice and reputation at the Bar. -He read the brief through twice, thought it over well, and could, make little of it. It was perfectly obvious to him that there had been foul play somewhere, but he f6und himself quite unable to form a workable hy pothesis. Was the person-if it was a person-who had been seen running away concerned in the matter? Ifso, was he the author of the footprints? Of course the ex-lawyer's clerk had something to do. with it, but what ? In vain did Geoffrey cudgel his brains; every idea thatoccurred to him broke down somewhere or other. ' We shall lose this,r' he said aloud in despair; 'suspicious circumstances are not enough to upset a will'--and then, addressing Beatrice, who was sitting at the table, working: 'Here, Miss Granger, you have a smattering of law, see if you can make anything of this,' and he pushed the heavy brief towards her. Beatrice took it with a laugh, and for the next three-quarters of an hour her fair brow was puckered up in a way quaint to see. At last she finished and shut the brief up. ' Let me look at the' photographs,' she said. SGeoffrey handed them to her. She very carefully examined first one and then the other, and as she did so a a light of intelligence broke out upon her face. ' Well, Portia, have you got it ?' he asked. 'I have got something,' she an swered. ' I do not know if it is right. Don't you see, the old man was super stitious; they frightened him first of all by a ghostly voice or some such .thing into signing the will, and then to death after he had signed it. The lawyer's clerk prepared the will-he would know how to do it. Then he was smuggled into the room.under the bed, or somewhere, dressed up as a ghost perhaps. The sending for the son by the niece was a blind. The thing that was seen running away was a boy-those foocpriiits were made by a boy. I have seen so many thousands on the sands here that I could swear to it. iHe was attracted to the house from the road, which was qcluite near, by catching sight of something unusual through the blind; the brief says there was no curtains or shutters. Now look at the photographs of the footprints. See in No. 1, found outside the window, the toes are pressed down deeply into the mud. The owner of the feet was standing ontip-toe to get a better view. But in No. 2, which was found near where the son thought he saw a person running, the toes are spread out quite wide. That is the footprint of some one who was in a great hurry. Now it is not probable that a boy had anything to do with the testator's death. WVhy, then, was the boy running so hard ? I will tell you: because he was frightened at something he had seen through the blind. So frightened was he, that he will not come forward, or answer the advertisements and inquiries. Find a boy in that town who has a joint missing on the third toe of the right foot, and you will soon know all about it.' 'By Jove,' said Geoffrey, ' what a criminal lawyer you would make ! I believe that you have got it. But how are we to find this boy with the missing toe-joint? Every possible inquiry has already been made and failed. Nobody has seen such a boy, whose deficiency would probably be known by his parents, or school fellows.' 'Yes,' said Beatrice, 'it has failed because the boy has taken to wearing shoes, which indeed he would always have to do at school. His parents, if he has any, would perhaps not speak of his disfigurement, and no one else might know of it, especially if he were a new.comer in the neighbourhood. It is quite possible that he took off his boots in order to creep up to the window. And now I will tell you how I should set to work to find him. I should have every bathing-place in the river running through the town there is a river- carefully watched by detectives. In this weather' (the antumn was an unusually warm one), 'boys of that class often paddle and sometimes bathe. If they, watch close enough, they will probably find a boy with a missing toe-joint among the number.' ' What a good idea,' said Geoffrey. 'I will telegraph to the lawyers at once. I certainly believe that you have got the clue.' And, as it turned out afterwards, Beatrice had got it; her suppositions were right in almost every particular. The boy, who proved to be the son of a pedlar who had recently come into the town, was found wading, and by a clever trick, which need not be de tailed, frightened into telling the truth, as he had previously frigh tened himself into holding his tongue, He had even, as Beatrice conjectured, taken off his boots to creep up to the window, and as he ran away had in his fright dropped them into a ditch full of water. There they were found, and went far to convince the jury of 'the truth of his story. Thus it was that Beatrice's quick wit laid the foundations of Geoffrey's great suc cess. This particular Monday was a field day at the Vicarage. Jones had proved obdurate; no 'power on earth could induce him to pay the £34 1 ils 4d due on account of tithe. There fore Mr. Granger, fortified by a judg ment duly obtained, had announced his intention of distraining upon Jones' hay and ca~tle. Jones had re plied with insolent defiance. If any bailiff, or auctioneer, or such people came to sell his hay he would kill him or them. So said Jones, and summoned his supporters, many of whom owed tithe, and none of whom wished to pay it, to do battle in his cause. For his part, M1r. Granger retained an auctioneer of undoubted courage who was to arrive on this very afternoon supported by six policemen, and carry out the sale. Beatrice felt nervous about the whole thing, but Elizabeth was very determined, and the old clergyman was now bombastic and now despondent. The auctioneer ar rived duly by the 1 o'clock train. .He was a tall able-bodied man, not unlike Geoffrey in appearance, indeed at twenty yards distance it wouldhave been diflicult to tell them apart. The sale was to take place at half-past 2, and Mr. Johnson-that was the auc tioneer's name-went to the inn to get his dinner before proceeding to busi ness. He was informed of the hostile demonstration which awaited him, and that an English member of Par liament had been sent down especially to head the mob; but being a man of mettle pooh-poohed the whole affair. 'All bark, sir,' he said to Geoffrey, 'all bark and no bite; I'm not afraid of these people. Why, if they won't bid for the stuff, I will buy it my self.' . 'All right,' said Geoffrey, but I advise you to look out. I fancy that the old man is a rough customer.' Then Geoffrey went back to his dinner. As they sat' at thenmeal, through a gap in the fir trees they saw that the great majority of the population of B3ryngelly was streaming up towards the scene of the sale, some to agitate, some to see the fun. 'It is pretty well time to be off,' said Geoffrey.' 'Are you coming, Mr. Granger?' ' Vell,' answered the old gentle man, I wished to do so, but Elizabeth thinks that I had better keep away. ' And after all, you know,' he added airily, 'perhaps it is as well for a clergyman not to mix himself up too much in these temporal matters. No, I want to go and see about some pigs at the other end of the parish, and I think that I shall take this oppor tunity.' 'You are not going, Mkr. Bing ham, are you?' asked Beatrice in a voice which betrayed her anxiety. 'Oh, yes,' he answered, ' of course I am, I would not miss the chance for worlds. Why, Beecham Bones is going.to be there, the member for Parliament who has just done his four months for inciting to outrage. We are old friends; I was at school with him. Poor fellow he was mad even in those days, and I want to chaff him.' 'I thinlk that you had far better not go, Mr. Bingham,' said Beatrice; ' they are a very rough set.' 'Everybody is not so cowardly as you are,' put in Elizabeth. 'I am going, at any rate.' ' That's right, Miss Elizabeth,' said Geoffrey; ' we will protect each other from the revolutionary fury of the mob. Come, it is time to start.' And so they went, leaving Beatrice a prey to melancholy forebodings. She waited in the house for the best part of an hour making pretence to play with Effie. Then her anxiety got the better of her; she put on her hat and started, leaving Effie in charge of the servant Betty. Beatrice walked quickly along the cliff till she came in: sight of Jones' farm. From where she stood she could make out a great crowd of men, and even, when the wind turned towards her, catch the noise of shouting. Presently she heard a sound like the report of a gun, saw the crowd break up in violent con fusion, and then cluster together again in a dense mass. 'What could it mean?' Beatrice wondered. As the thought crossed her mind, she perceived two men running to wards her with all their speed, fol lowed by a woman. Three minutes more and she saw that the woman was Elizabeth. The men were passing her now. ' What is it ?' she cried. ' ilurder /!' they answered with one voice, and sped on towards Bryn gelly. Another moment and Elizeboth was at hand, horror written on her pale face. Beatrice clutched at her. ' Whlo is it?' she cried. 'Mr. Bingham,' gasped her sister. ' Go and help; he's shot dead !' And she too was gone. Beatrice's knees loosened, her tongue clave to the roof of her mouth; the solid earth spun round and round. 'Geoffrey killed! Geoffrey killed !' she cried in her heart; but though her ears seemed to hear the sound of them, no words came from her lips. Oh, what should she do ? Where should she hide her self and her grief ? S(To obe contintued oen Saturday.) The other night a gentleman named Lukey, of South Kornsey, interfered in a street quarrel between boys at Stoke Newing ton, and, in cuffing one, lost a valuable dia. mond ring which a thoiough search failed to discover. Belfast, Ireland, continues to grow and prosper at a rapid rate. During the past year 2250 new houses were erected, and the valuation of the city has been correspond. ingly increased. The Customs revenue for 1889 amounted to £1,907,453, an increase of £182,382 on the total for the previous year. 