i beatrice. I (By Rmr.b Haggard.) I CHAPTER XT. I GEOFFREY WHf8 HIS CASE. I Before ten o'clock on the following I I morning, having already spent two hoars over his brief, that he had now thoroughly mastered, Geoffrey was at I his chambers, which he had some diffi. I cnlty in reaching owing to the thick fog that still hnng over London, and indeed I all England. To hie surprise nothing had been heard either of the Attorney-General or of Mr. Candleton. The solicitors were In despair; bat he consoled them by I saying that one or the other was sure to I torn up in time, and that a few words I would suffice to explain the additional I light which had been thrown on the case. He occupied bis half bonr, how- I over, in making a few rough notes to I guide him in the altogether improbable erect or His being called on to open, and then went into court. The case was first on the list, and there wers a good many counsel engaged on the other I side. Just as the jndge took his seat, I the solicitor, with an expression of die- I may, handed Geoffrey a telegram which I had that moment arrived from Mr. I Candleton. It was dated from Calais I on the previous night, ' Am unable to I cross on account of thick fog. You had I better get somebody else in Parsons and I Douse.' I 'And we haven't got another brief I prepared,' said the agonized solicitor. I ' What is more, I can hear nothing of I the Attorney -General, and his clerk I does not seam to know where he is. B You must a«k for an adjournment, Mr. I Bingham ; you can't manage the case I alone.' I Very well,' said Geoffrey, and on the " I case being called he ro=e and stated the I circumstances to the court But the I court was crusty. It had got the fig B down its learned throat, and altogether I it didn't seem to see it Moreover the I other side, marking its advantage, ob- I jected strongly. The witnesses, brought I at great expense, were there ; his Lord- I Bhip was there, the jury was there ; if I this case was not taken there was no other I with which they could go on, Ac., &c.; I The court took the same view, and I lectured Geoffrey severely. Every I counsel in a case, the court remembered, I when it was at the Bar, used to be able I to open that case at a moment's notice, I and though things had, it implied, no I doubt deteriorated to a considerable ex tent since those palmy day's every coun sel ought still to bs prepared to do so on emergency. Of course, however, if lie, Geoffrey, told the court that he was absolutely unprepared to go on with the case, it would have no option bnt to grant an adjournment. 'lam perfectly prepared to go on with it, my lord,' Geoffrey interposed | calmly. 'Very well,' said the court in a moli- fied tone, ' then go on 1 £ have no doubt that the learned Attorney General mil | uriffA procanHp ' - . _ Then, as is not annsnal in a probata suit, followed an argument as to who should open it, the plaintiff or the de fendant. Geoffrey claimed that this right clearly lay with him, and the opposing counsel raised no great objection, thinking that they would do well to leave the opening in the hands of a rather inexperienced man, who would very likely work his side more harm than good. So, some what to the horror of the solicitors, who thought with longing of the eloquence of the Attorney-General, and the no- rivalled experience and fineBse of Mr. I Candleton, Geoffrey was called npon to open the case for the defendants, pro pounding the first will. He rose without fear or hesitation, and with bnt one prayer in bis heart, that no untimely Attorney-General would put in ail appearance. He had got his chance, the chance for which many able men have to wait long years, and he knew it, and meant to make the most of it. Naturally a brilliant epeaaer, vxeonrey was nou, as b» jumi/ good speakers are, subject to fits' of nervousness, and be was, moreover, thoroughly master of his case. In five minutes judge, jnry, and counsel were all listening to him with attention ; in ten they were absorbed in the Incidand succinct statement of the facts which he was unfolding, to them.,. His ghost theory was at first ' received with a smile, but presently connwjTbh .the other side ceased to smile and' began to look uneasy. If he could ;prpye :Svh»t he said, there was an end of their esse. When he had been speaking for about forty minutes one of the . oppoaog counsel interrupted him with some re mark, and at that moment he noticed that the Attorney-General's clerk wis talking to the solicitor beneath him, 'Bother it, he is coming,' thought Geoffrey. Bnt no, the solicitor/bending forward informed him that the Attorney-General had been unavoidably detuned bysoihc imnnvlnnl /liswaonmAiil. maf.inr. Anfl htfl returned bis "brief. ; Well, we must get on as we sap,' Geoffrey said. ' If yon continue iikcthat weeball get on very well,' whisperodfhesellcitor, and then doing well. 'Yes, Mr. Bingham. ft raid.; niationd- sbip. : A, - Then Geoffrey wenton Withliis etae meat. ' '' t j At lunch Jijm> whether another leader .shoald'he briefed. Geoffrey said that so ar asjie ;wasjwm- cerned he conld - get on . alone;1 He knew every ' paint , inihheiAiasaeiid fbe had got a feiisrid'JbD 'take a note' for him while :he 7w«B spehking. After some . hesiiniiqn ?the solicitors decided not . to brief frishjjnpugSeJ iat this stage of the; cause, but to IraV eit entirely in hiis tand8.. :- I i It would be pgelam/tn ft3' tails of this remarkablejwiU 'ouit.wiKm lasted two days, pnd attention. <3e®y triumphantly:- EKs jfress.to ihft jnry., on this wbqte fcasq ; ed in the oonrts, jrwiqg «04 did tp »' very high leveF ofoSffiftrloquence. Few who sawlt everTiargat1 «gh|ot his handsqiiE»i?ppi»re presenceas -he -crashed "itheipKe j«fiB opponents like n i-iggdijand with nounced the vroffiaff had concocted the cruel plot that rob bed her nncle of life and her cousins of their property, till at the last, pointing towards her with outstretched baud, he j traded her to the jury as a murderess. | Few in that crowded conrt have for gotten the tragic scene that followed, when the trembling -woman, worn ont by the long anxiety of the trial, and ut- j terly unnerved by her accuser's brilliant InVAAflea I « TO - - - - ant Crie" : We did it — it is true that we did it to get the money, bnt we did not mean to fnghten him to death,' and then fell fainting to the ground— or Geoffrey Bingham's quiet words as he sat down : My lord and gentlemen of the jnry, I do not tbink it necessary to carry my case any farther.' There was no applause, the occasion was too dramatically solemn, but the impression made both npon the conrt and the outside public, to whom such a scene is peculiarly fitted to appeal, was deep and lasting. " Geoffrey himself was under little de lusion about the matter. He had no conceit in his composition, bnt neither had he any faise modesty. He merely accepted the situation as really power ful men do accept such events — with thankfulness, bnt without surprise. He had got his chance at last and like any other able man, whatever bis walk of life, he had arisen to it That was all. Most men get such chances in some shape or form and are nnable to avail themselves of them. Geoffrey was one of the exceptions ; as Beatrice had he was born to succeed. As he eat riown, he knew that he was a made man. And yet while he walked hnma that night, his ears still fall of the con gratulations which had rained in on him from every quarter, he was con scious of a certain pride." He will have felt as Geoffrey felt that night whose lot it baa been to fight long and strenu ously against circumstances so adverse as to be almost overwhelming, knowing in his heart that he was born to lead aod not to follow ; and who at last by one mental effort, with no friendly hand to help, and no friendly voice to gnide, has succeeded in bursting a road through the difficulties which hemmed him in, and has suddenly fonnd himself, not above competition indeed, but still in a position to meet it. He will not have been too proui of that endeavour ; it will have seemed bnt a little thing to him— a thing fall of faalts and imper fections, and frilling far short of his ideal. He will not even have attached too great a weight to his success, because, if he is a person of this calibre, he mast remember how small it is, when all is said and done ; that even in his day there are those who can beat him on his own ground ; and also that all worldly success, like the must perfect flower, yet bears in it the elements of decay. Bnt he will have reflected with hnmble satisfaction on those long years of patient striving which have at length lifted him to an eminence whence he can climb on and on, scarcely encum bered by the jostling crowd; till at Length, worn ont, the time comes for him to "tail- So Geoffrey thought. and_fe!t, The thing was to be done, and he had'done it. Honoris shonld have money now ; she shonld no longer be able to twit him with her poverty. Yes, and a better thought still, Beatrice would be glad to hear of his little triumph. He reached home rather late. Honoria was going ont to dinner with a dis tinguished cousin, and was already dress ing. Geoffrey had declined the invita tion, which was a short one, because he did not think that he would be -back from chambers in time to avail himself of it. In his enthusiasm, however, be went to his wife's room to tell her of the event- ! 'Well,' she said, 'What have yon been doing! I think that you might have arranged to come out with me. It floes not look well, my going .out so mncb by myself. Oh, I -forgot; -of -course-" yon are in that case.' ", 'Yes — that is, I waa I have won the- case. Here is a, very fair report of it in the St.Jdmes's Gasette if van .care "to read it.' ' Good heavens, = Geoffrey 1 How - can; you expect me to read all that staff when I am dressing ?' I don't expect you to Honoria ; only us I say, I have won- the case, And I ' eh all get plenty of work now.' < ' Will yoii ? I airi glad to hear it perhaps we shall be able to escape from this horrid flat if yon do. There, Anne 1 Je von8 Tai bieu flit," cette robe ne "mB vapasbien.1 'Mais, milady, la robe va parfaite- ment " ; 4 That is your opinion,' . grnmbled Lady Honoria. ' Well, it isn't mine. Bnt it will heve to do. Good-night, i Geoffrey ; I daresay that you will have gone to bed when I get back,' and .she was gone. -i Geoffrey picked up his St. Jam/eft Gazette with a sigh. He felt hurt, and knew that he was a fool for his pain?.. Lady Honoria was not a" sympathetic person; it was not fair .to expect'tt&onS;" bar. SHU he felt hurt. He went jap-; stairs and heard Effie her prayers. Where have you been, daddy — to the Sunky Tdwnl The Temple was euphemistically known to Effie. as . the Smoky, Town. ' Yes, dear.' . . ... -'.j : «Yon go tothe SmokyTown to make bread and butter, jhm't you, daddT.,. « Andjlifjlra mafejfinysdyl « Jfe?, Bpe, a gosSa deal to-day." 4 Sfc&ove;,!? exaotly||l ffg lawsuit to-day, and I shall %et" "igr&t; many peonies for it' . f;. . Oh,$nsweredjl3ffie medit itirerev! am gla"ihatyonfffid>in,-HeMyJSS® do life doesn't .yp|S|d«tfiay dearC" £?' ; rA' t r, fflfeu lil«!l i,?e y011 n hiss, daddy, IjiLnOnyirTT'd''1 and she suited the "if"': ateioSfednmer. r "" . . TheOThUatiriomtui!1vtgj,O0|j the not be boisBhaving to read St c 