Amusements. 'Macbeth,' at Her Majesty's, has been. drawing bisf houses. The taste and ir- agni£ceiioo with which the tragedy is mounted are quite up to that high standard attained by Mr. Eignold in previous Shaksperian revivals. Many of the scenes are most ingeniously contrived, and tlio figures grouped with an admirable sense of the picturesque. In the banquet scene the apparition of the ' blood-boulterd Banquo ' is brought on with appropriately ghost-like effects. To see it stalking in very substantial fashion across the stage, as it formerly did, used certainly to be a severe trial on whatever amount of temporary faith in the supernatural an average audience could be credited, with. The Banquo who shakes his gory locks at Mr. Bignold's Macbeth, however, has his entrances and his exits in what seems more like the fashion of an authentic ghost, and with great help to the entire situation. The scenes which, immediately precede the murder, and thos9 which, follow in the same act, are most skilfully arranged ; and, from a purely spectacular point of view, better ones could not well be im agined. The like remark will apply to most of the subsequent scenes. In respect of the acting, the honors chiefly belong to Miss Janet Achureh. Her Lady Macbeth shows very remark able power. It is, perhaps, modelled to some ex tent on that of Miss' Ellen Terry, but,' on the other hand, Miss Achureh is most striking in situations where if her talent were merely imita tion it would serve her least. At any rate, her performance of the character is one which de serves very high praise. ' Macbeth ' will be witnessed to-morrow evening by Lord and Lady Carrington. The comic opera of 'Boccaccio' c ?? :nuesits eray and prosperous career at the The;. ; Koyal; Miss Nellie Stewart and Miss Maiiau ji arton in turns succeeding one another in the title part. Messrs. Snazelle and Gourlay contribute pro minently to the fun of the performance, and ex cellent work is done by Mr. Knight Aston, Miss Annette Ivanova, Miss Aggie K«lton, and others. Large audiences have attended the Bickards Company's perfarmances at the School of Arts during the week. Mr. feickards's new descriptive song of ' The Eoad to Euin,' suggested by the celebrated pictures of that name, has at once become a favorite, and is likely to keep a per manent place in his repertory. Miss Daisy Blair, who has recently joined the company, is a graceful dancer ; while other distinguished experts on the light fantastic toe are Messrs. Tracey and Adson. Then there are Miss Georgie Devoe. Miss Ada Walker, Miss Katie Eiekards, and Mr. Davies, Mr. Gilmore, and, last, though not least, the clever conjurer, M. Provo. The numerous patrons of the Alhambra Music Hall have a pleasant and diversified en tertainment provided for them at that place of amusement. To the first part of the programme the singing; of Miss Tessie Cleveland. Miss Florence Schuler, Messrs. Downes, Matlock, and others contribute most efficiently. The comic element is supplied in abundant quantity by Messrs. Keenan, Sayles, and tbe corner colleagues. Specialists in soag and dance, in acrobatism, in character delinea tion, &c;, &c.;, offer further attractions ; while the whole performance is brought to a successful close with the burlesque «f ' Lurline the Lovely,' in which Miss Lucy Fraser and Mr. Martyn Hagon distinguished themselves. Abt Society's Smoke Conceet. — The members of the Art Society of New South Wales held one of their delightful smoke cencerts in the rooms, 70, Pitt-street, on Thursday evening. There was a full attendance of members present, and Mr. Jehn Eae presided. Among the visitors were the Minister for Mines (Mr. Sydney Smith) and the Minister for Education (Mr. J. H. Carruthers). A good programme of song, recitation, and in strumental music was submitted, in which the following gentlemen participated : Messrs. Massey, Bowler, Rae, Donovan, Gobbett, Buschelle, Lee, Tarrant, and Traill. Refresh ments were liberally provided. Madame Christian's Concert. — A concert was held in the Centennial Hall last evening in aid of a fund which has been established with the object of preventing cruelty to children and the insti tution «f a creche where they may be cared for. As a fairly large audience assembled and the ser vices of all the artists were rendered gratuitously a considerable sum must have been realised for the philanthropic purposes named. Lady Car rington and a party from Government Eouso and the Mayor and Mayoress were among those present. The concert was organised by Uladame Christian, who had secured the assistance of the distinguished baritone, Mr. Charles Santley. Associated with Madame Christian and Mr. Santley were other artists wtio rank high in the public estimation — Miss Colbourne-Baber and Messrs. Kowalski, Poussard, and Huenerbein, and it therefore goes without saying that the music throughout was exceptionally good. The opening number was the grand duo for piano and violin, ' Les Huguenots/' in which the fine execution of Messrs. Kowalski and Poussard was abundantly in evidence. Madame Christian was heard in ' When We Meet,' by Hope-Temple, and Sulli van's 'Will He Come;' and her powerful voice and sympathetic singing were highly appreciated, as she was recalled in both instances ; and in the latter case, gave by way of encore, ' One Morn ing, Oh, so Early.' Madame Christian also sang with Mr. Santley in a duet, 'Una Notte a Venezia' (Lucantoni), which was most artistically rendered, and with Miss Col bourne-Baber in Mendelssohn's 'Greet- ing,' with excellent effect. Mons. Poussard played in De Beriot's ' Concerto in D.' and also in an ' Intermezzo ' of his own, and ' Song of the Birds/' a composition by Mr. Huenerbein, who ac companied the whole of these solos. It is need less to say that the facility of execution and power of expression posseesed by M. Poussard enabled him to do full justice to the pieces named. Mons. Kowaiski was heard with fine effect in a brilliant 'Paraphrase on Faust ' of his own composition, and in which some of the brilliant airs from Gounod's operatic masterpiece are transcribed in a very taking style, and also in a Polonaise of Chopin. Miss Colbourne Baber sang- very artis tically in the scena ' Softly Sighs ' from ' Der Freisebiitz,' and was twice recalled to the plat form. Mr. Santley was in excellent voice, and his singing of ' For ever and for ever '? and 'Son of the Ocean Isle' were charac terised by the intensity of expression and distinct enunciation, which are two of the maitt^features that go to make up the artistic rendering which has now become familiar to Aus tralian audiences. He was encored on each occasion, giving 'Here's a Health unto his Majesty' and 'To Anthea.' 'JNazareth,' in which Mr. H. A. Jaqu#s played an obligate part upon a small organ, was sung with all the fervor which this well-known composition demands. A special compliment must be paid tn Mr. Huener bein for the very sympathetic accompaniment to the songs. 