<? I ¡pe Recruits f T JO¡?T? Need ^n?^ DouEÏ||| PART III. CHAPTEE V.-CONTINUKD. §HERE was one thing Philip resolved, and that was not to paint Venice. The queen of cities, she- was to be suggested, not painted ; she was an Undine not to be limned as an anatomical study, but to be indicated, to be dreamed ; the very thought of Canaletto s pictures of her serene beauty made him shudder; but, he felt that Turner had understood the city in the lagoons with her sinking sun, her shimmery waters, her white and golden towers, her lazy sailings boats, lumbering in from the sea. Philip was hardly responsible for what he felt or thought. If he had eaten the insane root that takes the reason prisoner, he could not have felt more xmlike him- self, nor could he have been happier ' in his dreamy helplessness. In the shadow of a great steamer from the Eastern sea flying the flags of England and the P. and O., they pulled up at the stairs of the hotel ; and on their left, like a great white ghost, was the robed statue of Victor Emanuel, waiting the coming of the King and Queen to have its fair proportions disclosed to the people. * 'Supper!' said Philip, when Walter invited him to that necessary repast. ' I feel as if it were a sacrilege to be hungry.' ' Not at all,' said Walter. ' It would be if I had not taken care to order a repast ; but just as nothing makes one so hungry as a good play or the opera, nothing is more exhausting than the first impressions of Venice. I remember when first I came to Venice, that trip down the canal made meas hungry as my first experience of Don Giovanni-.' - , . r . . r---' ! -, ? Jenny and Dolly appeared?¡-'&>p supper _ .withj bright' eyes ' and in bright; coëtùmesY Dolly 'was not so rauiamVas. Jenny! ' Thé' tl-uth isDolly:' was not quite happy; -, 4 lone 'during thosè lasttoltchesi of the toilette,; which Dolly and Jenny often- per-» formed together,-Dolly had said to her sister,..'Ir really do not quite know whether Philip does hot see a little too much in nat dre a.nd art outside'me, I mean; of course, to be quite hapjDy: with' me ; T don't want.to have nature and art always in com- petition with fashion and'me.'> : . . 'My dear,' said Jenny, kissing her, ;'you.aije in yourself thc highest embodiment bf. nature and art.' ..'?=_ -V ? . ' \' ;-" ? - ¡ ? . :. ' ' Not at all -, if we were both put np 'to' aiictio'n, I. shouldn't, have ,a chance in! competition with one of those-old palaces, or with a ;moo.nlight¡ night on the Grand Canal.' . .j ' You are a queer 'y.vl\\\ Jenny ''replied, ' he will get tired of Venice in a ' week. ,Venice is alway s the same ; a beautiful woman is' always different.' ' Now, - girls,' said-.Walter, putting ihis head inside the door, ' supper, and shall. T keep.. Béppo, for a floating siesta, afterwards,?' . . , ; r ' Yes,' was Jenny's reply, ' what is the time?' ' ' Ten-'said Walter. ' . 1 So Beppo and Iiis comrade ate their polenta and drank ,a -measure of wine, and .smoked their cigarettes by the quay, while the merry English party had their supper near the.Hotel balcony, where you could see Carlo, the head waiter, flitting to arid fro in his dress coat, enjoying the chatter of the guests. Beppo and his comrade agreed that the ladies were very pretty girls.' Jenny woiild have been much complimented if she had heard'Beppo speaking of her.as a girl. - 'They are so free and pleasant/'Beppo said>f as he lay back in the boat looking up at the hotel windows. ' Most English ladies are, they are like our Queen; she is for a Qiieen wonderfully »free! and pleasant-spoken. Just the Queen for a free) people, eh, Bettina ? ' , i , . .: . -Beppo calïecl his comrade hy his nickname;: Bettina; >hich had ¡tóen V I . v \ : given to hinij hecanse he was \ supf ^ ¡ . ^ .posed to b<? womanish in .his man-;; ; _iVers^andJijtd' -never been \ able to \ .>- .' ^grow a^bëal^^îlÇjlvhô- in'his;bui]<L: and in his strong arms, 'wài '""T^ute^unlike ii AV oman ; and he was still moro linlike in the fact that he rarely talked, only as a rule said ' Yes ' and 'Ko' when he was not simply content to smile or frown his yeses or noes. ' Yes,' said Bettina. ' She will be heie to-morrow, Bettina, and the king will unveil that noble statue of his royal father, Victor Emanuel, under whose banners we fought in the war, Bettina.' . ' Yes/ said Bettina. ? ....... ? ', And conquered, eh, Bettina'?' ' Yes,5, said Bettina. ' And at the base of it there is Italy in chains and Italy free; and we helped to break: her chains, eh, Bettina?' ? ' Yes/said Bettina. , " ' And these English people are our best Mends, Bettina, and when next we have to fight they will fight with us on shore and at sea/' ' Yes/said Bettina. While Beppo was romancing abovit what Italy would be like after the next great war, the English party caine out with pretty cloaks and gauzy wraps upon their arms, the men with cigars in their mouths. Beppo, hat in hand, was ashore in one moment,.to be handing his passen- gers into the gondola the next, and helping Walter to arrange the cushions so that Dolly and Jenny should be at their most perfect ease, with Walter and Philip at their feet, the moon dancing away down in the sea beneath them, and sailing majestically above them with two attendant stars. " 