CHAPTER XVI. We live in an age of change, progress, and revolution-theological, philosophical, social, and mechanical revolutions; science clashes with theology ; statesmen point and quibble on the verge of universal eruptions ; let but one of the many sparks touch but one of the many trains which lead to the great national magaziue, and what will be the re sult ? He is a wise man who can tell. It is an age, also, of incredulity and cy nical unbelief; and, if one ventured a pro phesy that the next ten years would see the vitals of the universe convulsed in the throes of war and bloodshed, ending in one of the most comprehensive revolutions the world has experienced, he would probably be dubbed a fool for his pains. It is an age of party collisons, and tech nical disputes. Theologians differ among themselves; and he is a wise man who, from out the confusion of their ideas, can grasp the correct teachings of Holy Writ. One branch of science tells us that in a few short years our beautiful world will be con sumed ; another, that it will continue for pscans, eras, ages; and he is a wise man who can grasp the truth. If we ask for "the policy which is to eventuate in peace and goodwill to men on earth, one statesman cries "War, war," another,-"Peace, peace," and he is a wise man who can solve the problem. But the man who can take for his guide the plain precepts of Scripture and conscience for his doctrine, leaving the world to revolve and find its own doom, , is the wisest man of all. Away then, with the dim, uncertain fut ure ; let it unfold its darkly-hidden secrets with the voice and light of time.;; the facts of the presents and the past will prove en ough to deal with. ~ V That we live in an age of change is a fact patent to the eye, and requires no scientific demonstration. . The inhabitants of any land, whether its shores ,be teeming with busy throng, or its dwellers few and far between, have out to look back a few short years to note the changes. To us, dwellers in the new, half-settled land of the south, the work of time is especially appar ent. The bright sun rises on a scene of wild untutored physique, primeval forests and uncultured plains, where the dusky savage gravely . stalks, and the wild birds twitter to the unroused beasts: ten years later the sun rises on the huts, the herds, and the waving cornfields of the settler. : It is surprising with what rapidity civilization has displaced heathenism in Australia ; but more surprising still is the completeness, of the usurpation, as witnessed by the almost total annihilation of the aboriginals, and the denuding from the land all traces ot its pristine vestiges. Where Europeans have taken full possession of/the, soil, the only re lics to be found of the earlier races, are a handful of degraded drunken wretches, a few dilapidated groves, and the stone toma hawk. Australia felix, summer land of beauty, thy breath resounds with magic murmurs, ripples, bubbles, flowingB, and mysterious whispers ; but what of thy past ? To-day, thou art fair to look upon, but thy purling brooks, and blossom-gilded valleys ; about thy brooding solitudes, thy floral timber, lands, and flower-flecked hill tops there hangs the glamour of a by-gone era ; ;where is the record of thy past? Was it a wild ungrounded dream, which {faded when the white man's axe struck in the forests-a baseless fabric, which vanished with the first breath of civilization ? or, does the re cord still lie hidden in the wild interior? Was there no poesy, no romance, in the blank be fore, when the emu stalked and the kangar oo browsed in thy peaceful solitudes, amidst the everlasting lullaby of still whispers ? Whither did thy mists of lore take refuge when the pale-face sang upon thy shores ? Other lands less fair have pages, books of beauti ful.traditions, and yet, thy bosky hills with lugged sky-lines, black against the mass of blue, thy wierd-like gullies, deep and hol low sounding, fitting abodes for mountain elfs or lurking vampires, tell no pale secrets of antiquity ; thy glinting lakes, and bronze hued reed beds , thy forests, black conceals ments, and thy uncanny jungles, hold no ghosts of whilom ages. Thy fern-hid caves and rock-bound caverns, hung with anti quarian cobweb, do they conceal no relics of pre- adamites; no Allophyhan bones ; no mezozoic claw tracks, or time-worn hierog lyphics, by which to trace and build a his tory for the dead aforetime? No, none. Your past is dead, dead for ever; the yore of our sunny land is a blank; its story is lost in dark oblivion. It is a matter for regret that such is the the case. Traditions, legends, and lore his tories have a beautiful effect on all nations where they exist. They inspire patriotism; and in all cases where civilization displaces savagedom, they serve to blend the new dis pensation with the old. Traditions like pedigrees, inspire respect, and, as regards colonization, they imbue the invader with reverential interest in the native races. If with religious beliefs they combine euphon ious composition, they are the marks of in tellect which raise (he savage above the beast. But the civilization of Australia, as far as it has gone, has not been prosecuted under the advantage of these toning influen ces. The usurpation was abrupt and cruel; the white man prospered, and the heathen died. When the Europoans landed on our shores, they met a race without historic re cords, and, with the exception of a few tribes without religious beliefs, living like beasts upon the soil. They fought, and the natives were swept from the land in a day. Each tribe as it was driven back, encroached on the hunting grounds of auotlier, and these two fought until one or the, other was al most ext?>'mmatcd. A few survivors, per Ircjiance, as a preference of two enemies sought the camp of the Europeans. These were not butchered, but being regarded as mere beasts by the enlightened aud humane white man, no care was taken of them, and they were taught to poison themselves with alcohol. The process of extermination is still going on ; the work which the rifle has begun, the fire-water will complete. In a few years the last of the aboriginal races will join the great majority, and with the flight of that spirit will vanish the sole con nection between the present and the past. Henceforth, the peopled history of Australia must begin with the advent of Europeans, and her age must date from the Nineteenth Century. Their treatment of the natives muHt be a lasting 'reproach to Britons of the ebbing generation, and it rests with the legislators of to-day to avert that reproach from fast ening on the future. Britannia bears a stain which nothing can obliterate, aud which im mediate and liberal legislation only can to a degree extentuate. Individuals give their pence and blankets to the down- trodden heirs of the land; but this is not sufficient. As a nation, we should take steps to teach the aliens the .virtues of civilization ; they have been well grounded in the evils. Our legislators throw their best energies into the material struggle of life ; they have little time to contemplate the highest kinds of culture. They sell the land, the birth-right orthe natives, to swell the revenues, and think not of the degraded outcasts; but if, as we are taught to believe, there is a day of retribution, those who have sat in high places during the nineteenth century, will need no blankets in the hunting grounds of the future. It must be admitted,in the name of civilization, in the name of . gospel dissemination, and in the name of common sense, that the Christian should take the Heathen for his inheritance, and the utter most part of the earth, for his possessions ; but the assumption should be rather as a stewardship than as a conquest; and there is no name (unless it be the name of injust icel that can patronize such a wholesale slaughter, as has characterised the advance I ment of Australia. Why was it that the Australian blacks re ceived no remuneration for their birthright ? Simply because they were not sufficiently determined warriors to fight for their rights. If they had been like the Maories of New Zealand, a warlike nation, with pluck enough to make the usurper pay with his blood for that for which he refused his gold, they would have received the consideration to which, as human beings, they were entitled. Batthey were weak and helpless, before the mysterious powder; they trembled and sub mitted, and the noble Briton placed his foot upon their necks. fWe Britons pride ourselves on; the exac titude of our justice, and the consistency of our principles. Look at this picture Emanoipation of slaves in America. And look at that-Massacre of blhcks in Aus tralia. . * * * " Seventyyearsago, when the interior of;Aus tralia lay in it's natural wildness andeven the i solitudes of its shores had hardly been dis turbed,by the white-wiuged ships of civili-' safciou; seventy-years ago, when the emu stalked the solitary wHderness ; when the 'dingo hipped at the lone lagoon, and the sbeoak sighed its dreamy song, unheard save by the ears of dusky savages ; there lay J by Lake Bundura, surrounding the site, of j the present neat and comfortable homestead, I the gunyas of the Ooonong blacks. Whore is the Coonong tribe to-day? Where are those gaunt strong warriors, and their dusky women ? Perchance the happy i hunting ground received them, or may be, their souls-but ask your philosophers, they can tell. . - i ;? . In the centre of the village, in front of J the largest and best constructed; mia-mia, sits old and grey Bombala, the chief of the : tribe. " There is an anxious, grave expres sion on hisface,'as he follows with his eyes the movements of a lovely little girl, who is gambolling With a pet. wallaby. " Cowabee, Flower of the Forest, Bom bala, your father, has words to say." Dropping the pavys of the wallaby, the darkskinned beauty jumped to the chief's side, and winding one bronze arm about his neck, she kissed him. " Cowwabee's ears are open; what has Bombala to speak ? and why is the chief of. the Goouong sad ? His warriors are good and brave i they bring provisions to the camp, and all tribes fear them. There are none can stand against the Coonong," " The flower of the forest speaks truth. I am a great chief because my warriors are brave, their spears go straight, and their boomerangs carry death,, and I am not sad because of them. Is the heart of Cowabee light ? does the sun shine for her to-day. " Is not Cowabee always glad ? what is there that should make her weep, or feel sad ? The sun always smiles on Cowabee, and the birds sing to her in the woods. Wbeu she skips on the hillside by the long [ water, the flowers laugh with her, and the birds sing sweet songs to her, and her heart is light with joy. When she comes to the gunyah she is happy because her father is a great chief and loves her; why then should Cowabee be sad." " The Flower of the Forest is young, and she loves herfather, because he takes care of her and she has always food. She has only seen 18 summers, and her heart is with her father; but a few more years, and she will be a woman, and good to the eye. and a warrior will ask her to his gunyah, and then Bombala, the chief, will be lonely and for gotten." " Cowabee will never want another gun yah, and she will never leave her father, who is as good to her as the greatest of the Coonoong i She will always lay her lips on his cheek, and no other; why should she?" " Child, you have never heard of the love bird, that speaks only when the stars shine; but the time will come when you shall hear the morepork's cry, with a warrior by your side, and the stars will shoot, and the Flower of the Forest will ask to leave her father,"* " Is this why Bombala is sad and his heart heavy ? Then he is not wise. When the sun goes down Cowabee will be in the | gunyah, and she will never hear the more pork's song except by her father's side, thqn her love will be always his, arid he .will be glad. Let the chief of the Oooriong kiss the Flower of the Forest, and his eyes be no more mournful but twinkle with joy. Then the old man Bmiled and kissed Cow abee; and she played again with the wal laby. To the reflective mind there is something touching and solemn in the religious exer cises of the heathen. Although, as a rule, the aboriginals of Australia were a non worshipping race, there were a few tribes who embraced Idolatry. Each of those had their peculiar deity. Some, worshipped the moon, others the stars, and more made for themselves images ; bnt, according to the custom of their respective tribe, men, women aud children, with reverence and sincerity, made their devotions. At daybreak in the morning every warrior and every woman of the Ooonong, with bared head and uplifted hands, stood before their gunyahs and bent towards the north. When the curlew screamed at early morn, Cowabee leapt from her reedy couch, aud with her face towards the mountains, made Lor devotions. She knew that away amongst the gullies, in the Coonong cave, the God of her people dwelt; siie knew that the dead warriors of her tribe were carried there, that he might speed them to the happy hunting grounds; but she had never seen the mysterious deity, and she never would, for the women of the Ooonong were not per mitted to see their God. Every moon the warriors assembled and marched in solemn file along the mountain path, to pay tribute to the fetish; but when they returned their mouths were shut, and the women never heard what the great idol was like. So Cowabee worshipped in ignorance, and roamed amongst the moun tains and the lakes, and never questioned. Winter, with its cold bleak winds and biting frosts, came and went, and came and went once more, and Cowabee had seen 15 summers. She was glad, for she would soon be a woman ; so she laughed with the warriors as they went forth to hunt; and she wandered in the forests by the broad water, amongst the fragrant flowers. She loved the flowers, the wild violets with their soft sweet smell, the buttercups and daisies, and the purple lilies that she could not name; and she sat down amongst them, and smilod as bright as any. She was well named " Flower of the Forest," pure and innocent as the pearly showers thatshaken by the sighing zephyrs, dropped upon her tresses, her face, all over her, and gleamed like jewels in the golden light, as she gazed dreamily on the sunlit lake. Then the half-shy bandicoots and bilbees came skip ping by her tiny feet, and all around her the birds sang of music, and made her feel so happy. The blackfish and the perch were joyful, too, as they shot amidst the light green reeds, flashing anon their silver gleams as they turned in a ray of light. Then the noble black swan, with his head poised proudly on his finely curved neak, came gliding and floating to the margin, and nestles amongst the reeds and lilies close to her. He looked like a monarch, heroic, dauntless, brave, the hero of a hundred fights, and conqueror in them all; but his mild great eyes looked generous and kind, and he spoke to Cowabee. He opened not his mouth, but he spoke to her heart, and told of a hero, brave and strong; with a generous heart, who did all sorts of daring deeds, and who would love the Flower of the Forest, and make her heart light and happy for ever. The great swan floated away with the cool breeze, fluttering his feathers, and Cowabee sat still, with her eyes away on the Hardens, thinking great things of her hero. Poor Cowabee, it was but a vague, dreamy, swimming thing, that hero of hers ; he had no form or name, but she taught her heart to love him. . It was only a fancy, a day-dream, such as a blue eyed fair-haired daughter of the palefaces conjures with a far-away look and a sigh ; only a castle in the air, which must crumble "and fall, when the morepork cried in .the starlight aud the meteors measured the sky. Cowabee sat through the long hours of the day, and tried to talk with the birds, and smile with the flowers; but her eyes would wander away to the dreamy, airy space, where the new-found hero dwelt; und as the sun neared the horizon, she sprang to her feet, with a start, trampling and bruising the flowers, and startling the birds she must hurry back to the gunyah of her lather, to redeem her promise. Away through the fragrance of the evening air she sped, breaking and scattering the wattle blossoms in her path, and the wild bees boomed as they fled out of her reach ; and she stopped not to pluck the daisies, the darlings she loved, they were forgotten. Another winter came and went, and she was with the flowers again ; and she listened to the songsters i but she could not talk to the flowers, and the birds told her nothing for she had forgotten their language. Flower of the Forest, your days of heed less childhood are numbered you are be coming a woman. Your beautiful blossoms wtll never smile for you again ; never more shall the birJs, with their bright-hued plum age, sing sweet songs for your ear ; never more shall you read from rustling leaves ana sighing oaks, the poesy of nature ; henceforth the tree of knowledge of the harder, sternor realities of life shall be your book. * The Coonong tribe were noted for their strict propriety. No young man and woman of the tribe were permitted to keep company after sunset, ex cept as acknowledged lovers. The morepork never utters his cry until the fall of night, and thus it be came a law that any maden and warrior hearing together the cry of thai, bird should be nfflanced. The morepork thus became the love-bird of the tribe. 