WAS IT A GHOST? . A DOCTOR'S STORY. I had been sent for in great lmsto, and had fancied that I was lieodod in some oxtromely critical caso, for too hour waB niuo in too ovon ing and the night a stormy 0110. What, then, was my surprise, when I bad boon ushered into a handsome parlour in ono .of . tho best hotels", to find, sitting in a largo arm- chair, and with no appearance of ill-hoalto about hor, a vmy lieautifui ivoin- ui whom I knew to bo anuctrcss of position, and liqd often admired upon tho stage. Sho was dressed in a most becoming fashion, and nroso with a smile upon my entrance. Her maid, a Spanish-looking woman with a beautiful olivo skin, remained standing near tho window. v . . ' You looksurprisod, doctor, ' tho lady begun, motioning mo to a seat. ' ' You will bo mora so before you leavo mo. I am not ill andl can soo that you know tliat at n glanco.' ' Yon certainly nro looking woll, madam", '- said I. ' I am fooling woll,' said she. ' Tho question that I desire to ask you, as q man who has mado the brain in somo degrao, a speciality, is — Am I mad ? You need not mind my maid ; sho speaks no English. I want you to givo 1110 your opinion. Do you think mo insane ?' 1 That is a very difficult question, madam,' said I. ' A doubt of your rationality would novor havo occurred to mo. Besides, insauo people seldom guess their condition. Howovor, you must liavo somo reason for asking toe question?' . ' A very giuvo one,' sho answered. ' Either I am out of my mind or.tlibro -are such'.' .things, as ghosts.' -'Vymv: .'Thoro are optical illusioiiB also -madam,' said I. .... . ; . " -A, / ' But illusions of tho souses of sight qndtbu'oh and hearing all at oncowrfuld that liot bo madness 'r' asked sho. . 1 Not if you wero awavo they were illusions' I- answoreil. ; ' But they seem real to 1110,' said tho lady — ' oli, so real ! I supposo you read tho stories about main too papers? You havo heard of tho man who killed himself for lovo of mo !' ' Tho Frenchman ?'I asked. 'To toll tho truth I havo read of it.' ' Thoy said I was cruel to; him,' said too lady, growing somewhat oxcitcd. ' I was not. i was kind at first ; but ho dogged my footsteps anil threatened my -life.' Not at first, of course, but after I had accorded him an interview, and refused him as gently ns a. woman could refuse a man. Ho wanted mo to marry him. Ho was rich, of good family ; I10 was honourable, aud very, very much in lovo. But I— how could I , lovo a stranger? Aud lio was ugly — a great , savage-looking creature. .After that ho tried to killiue. Ho shot at inc. Iliad him arrested,- and ho committed suicide in prison.' Sho paused and shuddered. 'It is ho who comos,' sho uddeil. 'Naturally,' said I, ' you havo been greatly shocked. You dream of liira, and your, dreams are so vivid tliat you fancy them uetuul occurrences,'..'' '. ' I know you would say that,'' slio sigliod, ' but I havo vory vivid dreams', for in thorn frionds who hava boon dead for years como to inc. Thoy Bpcnk and n>ovo anil touch mo. But when f awuko 1' know that I havo boon dreaming. This is different. My ghost— or my madnoss — eamosto mo upon thostago.' ' Upon tho stugo !' I repcatol. ' Yes,' sho answoreil. .' Ho says I sliall not liot again. I was playing a week itgo, whon ho cumo. Ho often comos, but novor before did I10 touch mo. This timo lio laid bis hand \ipou my arm, nnd whispered : - 5 . . ' 1 toll you you must retire from too stage I exact this penalty of you. Tho next timo you tread tho boardsl will kill you !' 'Woll?' said I. \- 'I faintod;' said too lady; ' niid fortunately it .was the correct thing to do ut tlio moment. Ouly my foUow- uctors guessed the swoon to bo aroalono.. B.ut.too next day I csucoUod ray engqgoinont.: .I.doclared .raysolf ill. . Tho truth' is I was very much frightened. T had grown iised to hiB staring and pointing to his throat, hut when it oarao to touching 1110 and speaking'— ShopauBed, shiiddefingviolently. ' Yours isa case of disoderord noi'ves, madam,' said I. ' Iadviso you to tako a holiday.' ' I don't dare to go on aeting !' sho gasped. ' Don't you see that ? Why, I really bolievo you don't know why I aiii so troubled.. In thu voryprimo of lifo, >vith ovory thing I vnluo 'at my'hand, I must sink into obscurity— rotiroon a email sum of inonoyj whe%!; I might . mako Fun; ; immciisofortuno-Tgiybupf.jthqiqpplauiJo.X.iiyq; for, tho art I lidore-rand lillyhecaiiso ; it /ghost will havo it so !'' . . Thotears arose to hor .beautiful oyes. Sho Wiped thom away and forced a laugh. ' Oh, you know I had rather think raysolf a little out of my mind thoii to boliovo in my ghost V, said sue. ' So should I,' suid I. 'If you will tuko my advico, you will givo yourself a holiday, Bur- rounilyoursolf witli frionds, nud forgot your hallucination— it is 0110. You aro just a littlo upsot, and it will pass.' I wroto a proscription. ' Tako this nt night,' I said. 'I assure you that science has distinctly proven tho fait that ghoBts do not appear to any one.' Shortly I wont my way. Tlio feo sont mo greatly oxcoodcd my usual 0110, and tho noxt day I voad in the papers tliat Mndarao had taken hor physician's ndviso. and would spend a twolvouionth in Southern Europe. «. «' » It was mora than a year, however, lioforo I saw on tho walls of tho iiuost theatre 111 tho city tlio announcement of .Vadium! 's reappear ance. She was to play 111 her favourito rale, and too papers were full of paragraphs concern ing hor. Sho was, thoy said, handsomer, in hotter voice, and ultogother mora charming than over. Soats nt the theatre whoro sho was to appear woro Bold throo wcoks in advance, and atluncy prices. As I had my fortune yet to makar I folt that it was somewhat . extravagnut to attend on too firstnight, but I did so nevertheless. It was an occasion of dress coats nud white tips. Tho houso wus full of the most ologantpeoplo in too city. . The company wus fine— tlio music oxcollcnt. . " Tlio -curtain -roso ..upon tlio unimportant characters wlit) always usher in a play, and , filially tho door at too back of too stago was flung opon by a sorvnut, and MndainO ontorod. A roav of applause greeted hor. Tho papers wore right, bhc was liandsomor ,toan ever. Her rob was 0110 to. call forth all her art. She did not fail. . As too play xiroeeoded I noticed, howovor, that she occasionally glanced in tlio diroction of ono of tho side seonos in a .way I did not liko. And as.too curtain roso upon too last act toore Boomod to mo a longer wait than usual nt too timo when sho should havo ontorod; howovor sho camo. 1 Sho advanced to tlio foot-liglits. Tho part sho playoff placed lier iu that scene in the midst of a howling mob who threatened her. - She turned and facod tocm. They flourished woaponB in tho air. Sho uddroBsod thom, hor tall form drawn to its iioight. My memory of too play was that at this moment succour arrived, hut it occured to mo that too scono was changed. From tlio midst of too mob a strango wild figure rushed forth. I saw it - but for a moment. It throw back too collar of its coat anil revealed a red gash across its threat, and flung out its hand towards her. I saw it hut for a moment, wondoriug wluit connection it had with tho piay ; toon 1 saw Mudamo fall forward on hor face. Tho curtain foil. Tho houso was in an up roar of excitement. A momont after a call was rouuu ioi u. uuciur. x wus Liiu una iu answur it- A littlo group of physicians gathorod about the beautiful form that thoy had lifted to a sofa; but wo saw at aglai.co that wo looked upon a dead woman. For my part a horror 'beyond that which sudden dentil inspires possessed mo. ' Did you liotico too moment at which sho foil ?' I askoil a promineut physicion who stood near mo nud whom I know woll. ' Yos,' said ho ' as sho spoko tho last words of hor dafiance. Hor frionds woro about to appear.' 'I fancied ono of too populace— too ono who .touched her, who had blood upouhim, frighteued bor,' I said. , .'Oh, no ono touched her, ray. doar follow,' ho said; ' There is nothing of 'th'at sort in tho ' play. Sho awbd thom by her manner, you know. Good hcavous, what u sad thing this is !' ' It is liorriblo,' I answered. j think so still, No onu but myself had soon tho man witli tlio blood upon liis throat nnloss sho did, and unless nil that I am bound as a medical man to disbelieve is true, toore aro such things sb ghosts. 