PORT JACKSON- AMATEUR. SAILING CLUB. The third race of the season of the Port Jackson Amateur sailing Club was sailed on Saturday afternoon last, it being a handicap for prizes given by the vice presidents of the club The entries and head sea were - v Mantura, 24ft , Cr matches 24ft, and Lottie, -lit., scratch, Regina, 41., 10 seconds, Idothea, -let, I minute, Atalanta left, 2 minutes, Lnmoralda, 22ft, J mtuub-a S M's, 21st., indore, 21st and Our torn, 24th, of minutes Violet, 24ft, Our Mar, 24th, and id Rev, 22ft, 5, minutes, 21 inside, out and the Ghost 24ft, 6 minutes, Itnogeae, EMU , 8 minutes the course was as follows A flying start trout line between starter s boat and Port Denison, down to and around Lightship and Sow and Pigs back round Shark Island and Fort Denison, thence round shark la and and back to ftagboatoff -Port Denison At 2 30 pm only six boats had put in an upper France, the wind blowing hard and squally from W. N. W. , and the tide ebbing The flag was lowered to a splendid start, Mautura being first over in the line, four men by Our Tom, The Ghost, Craigielea, Wild Wave, and Scylla, in order named. Vtoiot was sent to cross, but could not look at her Ball, and had to lower everything. Isidore started 2) minutes late All who reefed but Our torn and Craigie The boats sped along at a great pace he ore Ihn breeze, Craigielee soon taking up the lead which she maintained round the lightship, with Musidora second On the load to Shark Island Our team got too much water aboard, and had to lower hall, Craigielee was first round the island Mantura next, followed by the Ghost and IeaJore others having either given up or swamped Coming on a wind it was too much for Craigielea and The Ghost, and high lowered their canvas leaving Mvntura and Isadora to finish the race. During the remainder of the course these two boats had a very good race was d re holding a better wind, kept well up to the leader, but was unable to place her, the finishing times being-Mautura, ob 29m -fls and Isadore, oh. 39m 228 thus on time allowance isadore, « oil handled throughout by Mr J Young wine throat prize, while Mautura, sailed by Mr Chris. Webb takes the second The steamer Jenny Lind, with a large au i ber aboard, followed the race in charge of the hon. secretary (Mr A J Speers) Messrs G Hellings und i L Mulhall > (Belated as starter and a nokcopor respectively When the club steamer was going towards the big ship a heavy squall not the boats and the White Cloud, which was cruising about, capsized the steamer our ed a ( ly went to the crew's assistance, and it was noticed that one of them could n IHIII He was being held up with in ch died city by two of his companions, an 1 they seemed unable to keep him all at all To tiger. The commodore of the club (Mr George Hellings), seeing that the young man was sinking, pr< aptly jumped overboard, and succeeded in bringing him to the steamer, lins action of Mr Hellings is not only deserving of much praise, but of some higher rec and tion by the Royal Humane Society, for had it not been for that gentleman. the young follow would must assuredly have met with a watery grave 