Albert Street Church. President of the Conference. The Rev. "W. Clarke, president of the New South Wales and Queensland Oonference, con ducted service in the Albert street Wesloyun Chur:h yesterday morning. There was a fairly large congregation. Tho words, "Not by might, nor by power, but by My spirit, saith i be Lord of Hosts" (Zech. iv. G), formed the tc-xt, and during the course of his remarks the rev. gmtleman said that those words were spoken to encourage Zerubbabol in tho building of a temple It might appear that thero was seme tautology iu tho words, "Not by might nor by power," but in tbo margin near the text the word "army " was written, to be read in place of " might." It was, therefore, evident that tbe great work of Za-ulb >bcl was not to be accomplished by anything that wea human. Homo people said that in order to bring about the milloaium thero must he perfcot circumstances which will largely produce perfect character. Thay said that tho masses were enslaved by tho money interest, and if there waB only delivery from that slavery there would he at ones tho mil- lenium. If all the workmen were to bo given eight hours for labour, eight hours for recrea tion, and eight hours for sleep, then there would be a better state of things morally. Another mnn said that all that was necessary was that (hero 6hould bo equality as regards the rights of property. That would lead to periect character. Those persons forgot that there was at one time equality amongst ths Jews as regards tho rightB of property, and in India it was eo to-day to a certain extent. Bat etill they found evils in India, even under those circumstances, the same as ttiere wore in tho Jewish monarchy and the Jewish common wealth. In all these ideas, however, ths at tempt to regenerato society was commenced at the circumference, with tho purpose of working towards tbe centre, whilo in the system of Jesus Christ the work was commenced at the centre, giving new life in the heart, and then working towards tho circumference. Some times they wero told that what was needed to produce perfeot oiroumstances woe legislative enactment. Yet in saying that they lost sight of the fact that in old England the laws were harsh, cruel, and in many instances unjust and unrighteous. To- day they bad a milder Gov ernment nnd more just laws. The gaols wore models of comfort, and they were twitted cf paying more attontion to oriminalB than thoy did to poverty. But with all their legislative enaotmeme thero waa still evil in the world. In New South Wales tbey had a law dosing publio-houEes on the Sabbath Day, and a very good law it was, bat the persons who loved drink were not sober on that day any more than on others. No ; it was impossible to make men moral by Act of Parliament. Tho fact was that evil was to bo found ia the heart, and it must bs eradicated from there. The law might subdue evil, bat it novor eenqnorod it. Tbo only power that would raako a community moral wbb tho power of the Holy Ghost. They were told, too, tbnt oivilisation was going to do a great deal, but had it ovor struok them that civilisation brought them into a kind of alavery. The rich man filled his bouse with all kirdB of things which conld be bought with money, and he beeamo their slave because he conld not do without them, and wore they not all slaves to fashion, dress, and the convention alities of societies. Oivilisation was all very well, but it woald never regenerate man's heart. It would only tonoh the surfaco. It bud no power to penetrate. A great deal of evil might be relegated to tho background, bat it was there just tho same. Thoy were told also that all that was necessary was to teaoh mcntheovilsof sin, and then thorewouldsoonbea pt i feet community ; but suoh teaching did not prevent men from becoming drunkards. There wero men of talent and genius who were drank- urds. Learning and culture were all very good, and obght (o bo encouraged, bat they alone would not do what is neoessary for re generation. Tho only power by which tho world could bo raised ana mado better was tbe power from on high— that was tho only power which could beautify the world and make it divine. They did not want' new gOBpela, or now methods, but new life. Persona talked ubout creeds, dogmas, and dootrines, and that was all very well, bat they wantod moro life in them. Some people eaidtherewaa notthosame warmth in the pnlpit that there used to be, bnt hosaid, "Givons more warmth in the pew, ad then-will be more warmth in the -pnlplt." They.difl-.pqt want -pqqre (Organisation. They diajEotwant mcrqehahne(s,.oyinore vessels, bat (hey wanted the vessels 'filled with divino things, and the ohannols filled with living water from the throne of God. In oonoludlng ho prayed for an outpouring of tho spirit of Goa on the community. In the evening tho rev. gentleman proaohed to a largo congrega tion in the Valley 'Wcsleyan'Ohuroh. 