WIT AND HUMOR. GENERALITIES. " That man yonder is the greatest swindler in : the country. He must be very rich." "No, he's poor. He lives faster'n he can swindle." Judge—"Have you ever seen the prisoner at tte bar ?" . Witness—'" Never, your honor; but I've seen him when I've strongly suspfcted he'd been at it." " How came tbe alderman to accept a bribe so easily ?" " His early training was wrong." "In'what respect?" "He had served as a waiter, and began by taking ' tips.'" Pedlar—"Neckties,euspenders " Heavy Swell (haughtily)—" DJ I look like a mm who'd wear a srxpenny necktie." Pedlar— " Well, I have some for threepence, mister." Farmer Rake (indignantly)—'" Say, Bill, can't you do anythin' all day but swing in that hammock ?" Young Rike (home from college) —" Oh, dear, yes. I can get in it, aud I can get out of it j" "The best thin- about a vacation is the change it brings," said Mr. Jenkins, in a tone that showed he knew. "Yes," assented Mr. Joces; "and the worst about a vacation is tbe change it costs." Young Man—'' I want half a d- z-n engagement rings, assorted n'zea." Jeweller—" O.ie is usually enough at a time, sir." Young Man —"l know it, but I'm going do^rn to the seashore tor two weeks." Waiter (to diner)—"Excuse me, sir, but whistling is not allowed in this restaurant." Diner—I am not disturbing anyone, ami?' Waiter—" No, sir, but that last lot of cheese we got in is very sensitive." Servant (at sweet girl's boudoir) —" Mr. Nicefellow is in the parlour, miss. Sweet girl (throwing down a novel)—" Horrors ! And my hair ia all down ! Tell him he'll have to wait a little, as I'm in the kitchen helping y mother." Traveller—" How far iB it to the next town, Johnny ?" Farmer's Boy—" How'd you know my e name Was Johnny?" Traveller—" 0<i ! I guessed it." Farmer's Boy—Well, il you're so gobdat Ruessin', guesp how far it is to the next .town." Dr. Limboff—" Miss Clara, I heard you quoting ' And sat (ike Patience on a monument.' Now, what does, that mean ? I never saw^Patienta on « monument." Miss Clara— " No, doctor, but I fancy you are accustomed to Beeing a monument on your patients." • Mr. Johnston ( o his new porter, who has eaped polish tog. Bilverwafeaotl appears to fee involved in deep thought) —" James, whv don't you hurry? What are you thinking about J" Porter (who recently came from the ? ssstfsxf * ••«•. Student—" You'll play a game of nap, «•» Saoond ditto—" I'm sorry, but how to play nap?" "Then wont you, - game at billiards ?" "I 1 don't know . * v billiards either." you will join me in i. », ave y C u been don't know how to pi^ " Good graciouc, man, what .. . 1 doing all this last session." Elderly Party (to a email boy)—'"Como, little man, I gue6s you'll let me have your s< at ?" Small Boy—" Guess again." Elderly Party—" What! You won't give it up'? Wouldn't you give it to your father if he came in i Small Boy—"You just bet your life I would. I wouldn't ride with no ghost" Tom—"I don't see why so many people make a fuss over that MisB Jones ; she isn't any better lookiag or as nice as some of the otner girls." Nellie—" That's true, my dear boy; but her pa is a millionaire. That's why she carries so high a head." Tom "Oh that's it, is it ? She holds up her head by a cheque-rein." Toe marriage was not a month old, and the young bride and her visiting mother sat watching the clock work toward midnight. " What is that heavy, broken, unceitain footstep coming up the stairs ?" said the mother-in-law sternly. " I think it's George, mamma. You know he always stuttered, and here of late it seems to have got somehow into his walk." Bride (on honeymoon tour)—" I hope the people in the car won't take us for a bridal couple and make fun of us." Bridegroom " Ive got a plan to make them believe we have been married a year or two." Bride—" How delightful I What is it V' Bridegroom—" I'm going to leave you here by yourself while I go into the smoking-car and play a few games of whist." In a recent grammar examination a class was required to write a sentence containing a noun in the objective case. One of the boys wrote the following sentence—" The cow does not like to be licked." " What noun is there in the objective case?" asked the teacher. "Cow," said the boy. « Why is cow in the oVj ective case ?" " Because the cow obi ects to be licked." Burglar (thrashing his son)—"And yer won'^t go ter school, won't yer ? How are yer goin' to know when the cops are after yer if yer can't read yer paper ? How are yer ^oin' to disguise yerself it ytr don't read the descriptions on the walls ? Wot's the good of all yer trainiu' if ye're goin' to retire in early life at the expense of the Government ? Not go to school, won|t : yer ? We shall see." While cross-examining Dr. Warreu, a New York counsel declared that the doctor ought to be able to give can opinion without making mistake?. " They make fewer mistakes than the lawyers," responded the physician. "That's not so," said the counsel, " but doctors' mistakes are buried 6ft. underground—awyers' are not," " No," replied Warren, " but they are sometimes huog as many feet above ground." Mother—" Lucy, hasn't Mr. Jinks proposed to you yet ?'' Lucy—" No, aot yet, mamma." Mother—" He helped you to put on your gloves last night." Lucy (shaking her head) —" I know he did, but there are six buttons on the glove, and when he buttoned the fourth button he asked me if that wasn't enough. It only took him a minute. If be had any Berious intention it would have taken him half an houi at least. I 6ee he is only trifl ng with my young affections." For the third time little Tommy Fipg had acked his lather what was the cause of the Desert of Sahara. Finally the old man laid down his paper and answeied—"I reckon it was form d when tbe Israelites lost their sand j and if you don't quit asking me so many questions I'll eee that your molher puts you to bed before I get home hereafter." But, pa, how caD you seo her pu: me to bed it she puts me to bed before y,:u get home ?" And the question was Tcunroy's last —lor that evening. Champfl-ury, lately dfceasrd, married a goddaughter of Eugene Dulscroix, tbe great historical painter. Below we give tbe Ittter which he wrote to the you: g ip.dy after his first interview :—" Mademoiselle—If you believe the saying that an upmanied bei: g resembles half a pair of ecissorp, which can accomplish nothing without tbe other half, I offer you my sympathies, my friendship, and mf efforts to cut out together the mateiial of life." His fair correspondent sent him a pair of scissors by way of reply. The wedding took place three weeks afterwards. A girl bad dislocated her jaw aud was taken to a doctor, who quickly reduced the dislocation and applied a bandage to keep the j iw in position. The doctor was a young ir.Rn who never had just such a case before. He was uncertain therefore what fee be ought to charge, and went into anothtr rcom aud consulted a tariff ot charges published by the local medical society. This said, " For reducing dislocation of jaw, one to three gnineas." The patient was evidently in poor circumstances, and the doctor foresaw that even the minimum fee was not likely to be forthcoming, so he er quired, by way of getting a clue, whether eL-e had ever had her j*w out before. " Oh, y e p, air," replied the mother, "about 12 months' ago. She was -treated by a doctor at " "How much did he charge you?'* "A shilling, sir." " Didn't that *»nke you as being a somewhat peculiar fee?" "Well yea," replied the woman, V we did Jhink it a good 