ftffllfcftllS AT THE W1N0. [?] Fbrtootbe lWof Iresli liille on Saturday. Dtgkfawai4le-5oyti, wline the Warn on roo4e aidr>r-Wruira in H«nd»jJ«>g the 8ei. Take it all rornid, I qnertjonjl mw ««(«< ku hero : more rocoeasfnl in. Autnlfa tliw Chades Warner. He hu made money, he "turn made friends, mid he . 4ms msdsaa iiuuGMntn. -What toou wirii for more? Ceitunly he could not wish for a nmre .dieeo-.flMchccring«cepaoa than be had an fiatunJoy ni£htnd he coold not Uaveeiired more hwdyand enepdmg- ing recognitkm of his yonne daughter a in dications of lier advance in her art. He. ought to be, and lie says he fe satisfied. I'm not going to discuss, anew the merits and the demerits of Bands Across the Sea. It isn't a play that will stand dis secting by any means; you could pull it to |>ieoeft; but itrliosin it the dements of pit ting a hold of the average, andieuce ana of giving opportunity for pronounced and pointed acting. Like all pieces, 1 don't pare what they are, it has uudergene at tlie bauds of the interpreters a process of evolution. The principal parts have deve loped ; the minor ones have gone the other way. Some people liavo said to me, " But . Warner's so artificial!" Isu't melodrama tlie most artificial sort of stage-play ? Well, then, what should tlie interpreter of it be ! Eh t I don't know that Warner lias im proved Joek Uudley at all. I'm ratlier inclined to say that he overacts it and makes the .light comedy portions too profuse. He certainly never tnisses a point, and docs put his whole soijl and energy and ability intc the part. Yes, Gracie Warner's improved, de veloped, artistically -and physically. ou must remember she's only nlwut IH, and fonie jumeniseraice in the Ban- ti _« 1 1_ 1. .J 1. fi.. a.iami CTUIVK, UOOK FUggl'SlUU IU IIIC 1U« Howinanygirl of her age have gone through, in so short a stfle time, such ail -exacting and \aricd cxiCMcncc as she has done ! Nut many. The idea I have is, that she is over-, worfced — willingly — and that litjr immature abilities— and site has tliedrainatic instinct— arc Wing forced as it were. There's the mis take to my mind. On'c thing she must lie care ful of — tiio must not foil into the habit of speaking in a jerky, staccato manner. Later on she'll coinc to the front, I think, though, nnd do credit to her dramatic mother — Australia — mod what she say herself about it — and 1 dou't mippose that anyone begradged hor tlit» reception she had on Saturday. Maud Williamson playid the shred of npart of thcFiiaich girl junt anil-should lie. Wlmiatloo.iot rcc<»)cctious were brought back 10 me by the oppcntnnce of that lassie, Lily Clit'.ierow, in the frisky female part. From lbig tlie baby in the farce of Mr and Mrs White; from l»ciug one of Miss Heath's Willie Cnrlylcs; from playing pae in a pantomime of my own, site's workcdlter Mny along; aud she's too. This is her chance now, and ".villi it rests the making or marring of her career, tihe litis a big field open to her because, yon must remember, they have loading and walking ladies galore ; but there arc only one or two decent comediennes in these colonics. I w&tchcd; Lily, and she's a bit crude ami tliin yet, is done acting whenever rhe shiils her mouth, and is in clined to he jerky and spasmodic in» her spcaiviDg ami utuiip. i iiith. uil she!! work herself out. of ; nnd i think she'll make a capable comedienne. You don't want anything heller than Vin cent's Frenchman, and Fleming revive gratifying memories of hi impersonation of an ungrateful part. Walton's Tom BarscH h a trillv. loo low-eomcdiaitish ; and Hamhro dni'B fairly well as the French Count. I don't know ihat there's anything striking, either good or kid, about the others, ami the scenic settings areas good a« ever they were. Since the Unit night they have had rattling good houses, with the exception uf the Ores circle, which has been u bit off. What your dramatic daughter thinks of your kindness to her you can gather from a note she send me:— 1 "Ought 1 not to feel very happy ' J was so 1101 vous, but tbc audicuce were s.o kind aud so encouraging I could have kissed them nil round. Was it not n really great night. J know father wa nervous, too. I never heard such a reception as he raceived oil Ills first cnirancc. I nm so delighted <0 get back to Melbourne after our hard work oil tour, and I .assure it has indeed been bard work for ufc; but the cordial greeting of our dear friends here makes me feel that I could M'ork for ever for them, aud tli ink the most arduous Jabor pleasure. ) I have tried itara to improvo, and sluflicd moi'uiag. noon ad night, because J iMtend one dSy that yon titall all lie proud of ine and cay : — "Well, Miss Watyer'u school of art was Australia. It was in the colonics she appeared as an actress fit i%t ; it was here they fostered her etnall Ix-gitniings ; it was in the colonies they. recognised her opening talent aud made hcravpji-eio the very highest rung of the study to reach it." This sort uf I'.S. is added hy Warner himndf "Arsr.'t the Melbourne audience glorious, eh V My heart was too full on -Saturday nt the tremendous demonstration on my re-appearance. I think it was greater tlnm my first appearance in Prink. 1 shall never forget ihcir kindness, and wlieu 1 return to the old country, my atrectioiiate remembrance of all the kindness received hi the colonies will evev be wil h me, and 1 shall long for Ihe lime when 1 may revisit, Aus tralia's hospitable tiiorcs." They had a littl outing, tin Sunday 'twas, «f course. And y«m n.ay not be duubtittg They jiiusu'red tlieri in force. To P'incfitT thy railed lu quite a fi'ylirii trap, And with a fea'-t thry hattb-d. Exjifiisr ? Who cared a ran ! Tin1 Ikjj-s tlieir pipes went Mowing, And ripping something stiff ; Th" girls were aho ehowine llow cigarettes 0 mid whiff. And so they " went 11" jolly, And ereat was their surprise, When Doucaster at folly In horror raided Us eyes. Strange but tme! You can have Two Nights at Hume in one evening nt the Princess's. And they are enjoynbfe nights, too, either in the artist's studio or iu the lady's liondoir. Uuring the day thefirown J'olter-KjTlc Bcllew lot are rehearsing Cainille against Satutiay. Soineliody who knowB " some- think " was telling me that the Yankee "society actress n Iras fallen off in appear, ance contideraMy recently ; and I aon't think that this rort of business will catch on in matter-of-fact Melbourne. Keep a thing seven years And youl! get a use for it, they say. tio this comes in handy just now that Mrs Brown Potter flashes as a dramatic meteor across our southern sky. It as taken from the " Washington Capital" of throe or four years ago, and it tells of the coming into notoriety of llio Yankee " society actress." The leading runs "Ostler. Joe," aud the subheading is "The Poem which shocked Washington Society." Then ; there is this — "Mrs James Brown Potter read a lie&utifully; striking poem by George R. Sims, an English writer, at the charitable entertainment at Secre tary Whitney's residence. We publish this poem in full to-day in order that certain prudish people, who had fancied that tliey had been shocked on Leaving tho poem, moy peruse it aud be assured that there was nothing improper cither in the words or tho tone of it. We have heard " Ostler Joe " called " Swinbuorian" in character, but such a reference to it would be made only by persons who cither never read this poem or who never read 6winburne. If the object of a public reading be not to put a lot of stupid people to sleep, but to produce a dramatic effect, then Mrs Pother exercised a correct, and praiseworthy judgment iu her selection of tins poem." oil, I'm not goiug to give you tlie whole poem ; you can get it, and a lot of other good things lir tiims, for a shilling, round wt Cole's ; but ill give you the gist of it with two verses of quotation. Ostler Jo was 00s of those good -hearted fellows, and ho mar ried the tillage beauty, Annie Smith. Tliey were happy for a bit, buttbe usual " villain came across Annie and lured her away, breaking Joe's heart and putting Iter on the froth that leads to gaiety and destruction. ; The villain takes Annie to London— hut this Is how it runs, — Faraway io mighty London rase the woman 'into fame, For her branty won men's homage, and the pfronpered in nersbmnr; ' Quick from lord to lord tile flitted, higher still cftcli |iri£e>he wan, Abo hrrtivals piled betide her as -the 'stars beside the sun. dr»gfed#Pt down tbsRS L»» ®%r«ee for ilhetoitnfir 4C And tiielnror iefed givro 0 pdqr Oitlir Joe for J«»bt»% . ; ! -- ' With thtirlrMd and.crofly jewels Hob .And titled low bought- , - .Wetijwi with flnng fooitiepswhaellrt. atar «saat ns.biglit ; Then ths dafkflnsame on swiftly, and the gloaming turned to night, _ . / flhtttertd strength and faded beauty toevfthe" laurels from her brow : Of 4hs.lhooMndi.s>iil had vonbippfdseter one come near heir now. Aiid tlien itgori on to tcB of thU frail, fragile tiling lying In tramble lodgings, dying without a »>ut to tend her. But Ostler Joe hoars of her, goes to London, finds her out, alt is forgiven and forgotten, and she dies in Joe's anas. It's oue of films' lies, realistic touches. Just you read it, and if you don't feel that sympathetic sonietjiiug coming over you— welli there's no heart or soul iu you. The Royal Comic Opera Company left by steamer yesterday for New Zealand, where they do a five months' tour. George Musgrove wnsdown seeing a big crowd off— 04 of them. 'Principals — Billie Kit on, Leumaue, Imano, Kinnaird, Meiivale, Pollard, nnd tho rest — were there. The chorus, thirteen of &ti; orchestra, with Caron at their bead, and scenic artist, aud leading stage hands all floated away to Maoriland. What do you think the fares alone cost ? " A little cheque " for £1343 ! Pretty stiff, isn't it I Immediately on their return tbey open at the Princess in The Gondoliers. The firm of W. G. and M. is dissolved from the 4th of March. Existing contracts are to be mutually observed, but the in- terests in the theatres are divided. Wil- liamson and Garner take our Royal and Princess - and Adelaide's Royal, while Musgrore hold's Sydney's Royal. It may be that H. H. Vincent will remain here and manage for Musgrovc, who may arrange to work in with the MacMahons at the Opera House. George Darrell writes 111c from Diinedin uoderaatc 1'Jtli inst: — "Business excellent here, notwithstand ing the Exhibition, which is a great opposi tion. The Pakcha lias Caught on splendidly. The critics unMiimourfy prououuvc it the best play I have yet written. "Next week I produce The Lucky Let, Caradoc's Crime aud Forloni Hoiie. it i« the race week, and I anticipate uoiug trc- metidoiis his. 44 1 shall leave for Melliountr, in nil pro bability, by Wuirarnpa on 'JSth l-Vhruarj'." The Sultan of Mocha goes merrily at tlie Opera House, just as it did before. That's nil llmt need ho said about it. Saturday brings Nemesis, one of the most lauglinhlc skits I know of. Yon just want Terry or Charlie Groves to plav Calino and you— well at least I would be happy. Upat tho Alexandra they have boon giv ing Tlie World Agaiurt Her to very fair butsinex, bnt 1 fancy f hoy arc thinking more of wlmt Robbery Under Anns is to do than niiythfng else. They've been rehearsing busily, and Dampicr and Garnet Walch, wlto have adapted the novel, have been giving Ihcir best attention — and yon know what the "hurt." of two such men means — to the preparation of the piece. My tiydney friend tolls you this about llio shows over there — tiignur Hnzon gave ids second orchestral c<'iricert ut the Exhibition building, iSutur- day afternoon, whou the attendance was : good, ami everything wont well. Little jurd iaunilcrov draws all right at the Royal. There's a lot of difference 111 the representation of Miss Hopkins and Miss Berkley, and instead of running each for a week, the management wisely detcnuiucd they should play on alternate nfghtR. Caste at the Criterion is-, without doubt, one of the heM thing the company has done. All the profession agree that Anson's Kccles, iu particular, and the company severally, a each has n good chance, havecclipscd former efforts. Bettor still for the firm, the build ing js packed nightly. AU this week you couldn't, engage a scat for love or money, all being taken to the end of the season. Iu one way its a big pity the piece can't have a longer run, for any lover of good noting could ecc "Caste as she is ployed" several times a month with pleasure atul profit. B. and B.'s season here lias artistically been a big success, and financially thoy have 1>een .well rewarded, as they certainly deserve On Saturday well have to brash away the starting tear, aud nay good-bye to them we hope not for long. After a long ran, Midsummer Night's Dream vanished from Her Majesty's, to give place to Jlen Lund- scek's melodrama, My Jack. Unfortunately, our tried friend, Koto Bishop, is ill, nnd cannot yet appear in it. May she soon he restored. My Jack is a mixture uf all the Jacks, the sensational liemg thrown in honis-holus almost 10 the nauseating point., From a literary point of view you could not praise il much, though some of the critic have been cruel (to tliti public) lo l>c kiud lo the new piece. There are some good scenes willi variety business thrown in, and .hick, which first night was not over t ill midnight, promises to he inucli- beloved of the gods, nlay it not die young on that accou.it, for the management's oakc anyhow. It's essentially a tinsel and glitter piece, aud won't lie liuit by condensaliuii. J. G Williamson left ill ihe Frisco mail 1 mat on Wednesday nnd had a good rend-off. Adelaide attractions are notified by my confrere over there thus : — Some of the members of the London l'avilion C/ompauy have been lcfi in Adelaide lamenting be cause the ghost won't walk. Tln;y are nego tiating fur jwiymcni by the aid of a lawyer, as several of litem desire to return to Eughuid to their wives and families. Jt is hoped that au amicable settlement will be arrived at. Jolly Nash and two or t#hrcc vocalists have been running an attractive little show entitled " Be Merry and Wise ; or a lecture . ou Laughter," at Garner's Booms during the week, ana doing fair business, but not commcusurate with the merits of the show, which is good enough to attract large audiences. No doubt Jolly will inn it through the colonies with good kucccsa. The theatre is still closed. j asmauiau tattle taken from the weeklies runs : — Snazclle is experiencing an unusually suc cessful season at the Town Hall, Hobart, the place being crowded nightly. He returns to Laiincestou shortly, and will open at the Mechanics' Institute. The St Johu- Wilkinson Gaiety Bur lesque Company arc still in the uortli- eastern districts. (i ration Biggs has been indulging in fishing excursions in Hobart. His latest catch was a full grown specimen of the " umbrella fish." Tbc curtain of the Launceston Academy of Music bas been down all the week, and will not rise again til - Monday evening, when the HoUaway-Howe Dramatic Com pany commences a season. They have had a'good run in the South, and wound up with the Ring of Iron. Some of the members are in town recuperating. Friedman's World's Novelty Company wound up a rather sick season at the Academy of Music on Saturday evening, and , are now amusing Hobartoniana at the Bog&i; Never since Miss Amy Shcrwiri'took .the,; lie&rtp; of the inusic- loving people of Hobart : by storm has it fallen to the lot of any lady ' vocalist to achieve the success won by J Mad&me; Manan Burton, who ha been an- pcaring ou the couoert platform there. The new crowd at the Victoria have, J tiiink, caught ou;, and the St George's people are doing very fair bnticMs,.arEtip Lincoln prospers at the Athemmim. Jennie Lee s in town and may go to New Zealand nnd Queensland. . Liddy is down jn Melbourne from the other tide and, will arrange tor., Uickards here and Jennie ' Lee else where. . Richards wi)l Palace de Varieties tiiortly, J- gallon 1 and those, who came' out with.lum for 4he pantomime, return to England by the mall steamer ou Friday. » Johnme O'NeU, one of ottr dramatic identities, and a folfy good follow, takes a Iwy. at the . Hibernian Hall on Friday, and see you lie there, mind you. . . Harry Raynor, of the brothers who were out here, is dead, and so's Jennie Rogers, of the Brjnee ot. Wales, Bitttltfg- bam. . Bland Holt's at Balhtimt. .« Simonscn's crowd were at .Penola on Mini day audjwork their way -to Adelaide. « . In answer to a correspondent, Icahuot fihd out here where the Herbert-King Tb The mmsted contifaa, -Bitty Swostoam, firsfadsss minstrel a off varietr it is stated, left os fled January, bound for Australia. , # Pw old fricudJVul) Norton, ia at present in 3A>ndon, having concluded -a successful tout 1 18 rough California, British Colombia, Japan, yhina, Australia, New Zealand, and the indies. He is now reorganising aourthroo£b Jlmerica. . . The "Era" eafrs that \VU. Bam Bignol J was to stil oil the 31st olt. fter s.s. IberiaOricnt line, accompsnied by WtoipsriBaaiifliiieee, CorBydneyj " to produce Nowadays, tor his brother George, Easter, j«nd hopes to - netura to Knghnd in the late Autqmn. Wil. liam eontidcrs be has lieen more successful as Jack Saxtou than in any part he has ever played an thisoMmtry! and hopes to make thepieto«-M'to&|feothcr-tsMa. - 