A Dreaming Novelist. A damsel with a dulcimer In a vision once I saw, It was an Abyssinian maid, And on a dulcimer she played, Singing of Mount Abora. KUBLA KHAN. fNCE upon a time-and not such a long time either-a sleeping Scotch baby and a capricious fairy faced each other. The fairy had a grudge against human babies in the aggregate, but a weakness for them individually, and as she gazed on her tiny vis-à-vis the¡frown of her brow was challenged by the smile of her lip. ' I have a kind of affection for him,' she observed, sentimentally ; ' his great, great- grandfather was very much in love with me ; I won't plague the boy overmuch-he shall be a sleep- changeling.' And sure enough the boy grew. He developed a dual existence, spending his waking hours after the ordinary manner of delicate, highly-strung children, starting when asleep on such queer excursions into dreamland that the servants would whisper mysteriously, ' Master Lou was no canny.' Nay. these were sensational excursions for otters as well; no sooner had Master Bobbie betaken himself to dreamland than be worked himself into a fever of excite- ment, which would eventually disturb the whole household ; frenzied with a nameless fear the little changeling would wail his heart out, till at last his father's voice quieted his nerveB, as it related in even accents the ever-welcome tale of the strange adventures of a mail coach and its passengers. Prob- ably the first time on record that a mail coach has figured in soothing connection with nightmare. So years passed, and Master Lou developed into Mr. Eobert Louis Steven- son, with papa's voice among the pleasant memories of the past, and with more imagi- nation than he knew what to do with in the present. The terrors of dreamland had fled, its charms remained, and with them the olden craving for human .sympathy in changeling experiences. What was to bc done ? There was no one now to come and divert thought by means of exciting mail coach romance, but there was many a weary traveller who would be thankful to have his mind diverted from the experiences oi the road, and thus it was that Mr. Roberl Louis Stevenson became one of the mosl charming conteurs who has ever cheered thc Life Mail with dream memories. For let it be distinctly understood that the joys and sorrows of Messrs. Jekyll and Hyde and other mysterious acquaintances are lona fide dreams, not clever inventions of the writer, and this is what makes him such a delightful conteur in the strict sense of the word. Do you remember the eager query with which as a child you prefaced any attractive fiction related to you : ' ia it quite true ? ' To this question Mr. Stevenson can make answer : ' quite true ; at least it was true in my dream.' And with this exceptionally gratifying statement we settle down into a simmer of delightful curiosity, equally interested in the tale itself and in the teller whose spirit wandered into such zig-zag paths for our benefit. ' He really heard those words ; he actually saw that scene ' we think to ourselves with a down-the-back shiver of pleasure ; it is almost as thrilling as coming on a genuine live ghost unawares. And when we have gloated over the story we proceed to a sympathetic study of the man who has thus the power to lure us by 4 devising strange things upon his bed.' He isn't in the least like what you ex- pected ; people never are. Tou had visions of a tall and dignified man of science, à la Jekyll with a laboratory air about him ; of an uncanny dwarf whose hand-shake made you ' creep ' à la Hyde ; of a dashing outlaw with the fascinations of the Evil One, à la Master of Ballantrae; or perchance of a De Quincy, full of morbid fancies ; a Coleridge with a frenzied eye ; and . barring the fascination you come upon none of these things. The delicate refined man who is now among us-presumably ' taking notes ' -is chiefly characterised by a total absenee of self- consciousness or conventional stiff- ness. He has never acquired the roar of the literary lion, and he treats that leonine ap- pendage, ' the interviewer,' with the weary courtesy due to licensed bores. After all, what is popularity to this quiet, pale man, whose long hair an*d facial type suggest a musical artist, whose soft brown eyes have that mesmeric quality which is the invariable attribute of your genuine conteur? Does he owe the public any gratitude because, forsooth, his writings fascinate it? The public can't help itself ; he has the power, it is the 1 subject ' lying at his mercy. What need has he to talk to the public about himself ?. Eut because the wide-spread race of inter- viewers exists, thrives, and fattens-a lying race, seeking, like their historical father, whom they may devour-Mr. Stevenson has wisely submitted to interviews innumerable, lest, if he refused, a worse thing should befall him. Nay, he has gone further, and with his own pen enlightened the in- quisitive public regarding his mental experiences. In an article published in an American monthly, Mr. Steven- son has told, in his own nervous language, how his sensational ' strange case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde,' came to be written, and as the article is not attainable in Sydney, it is as well to allude to it here. If any caviller object that the author was not bound to ' show cause ' for writing this particular story, let him sit upon his objec- tion at once. Albeit the days of witch burniug be over, we have a wholesome dread of being publicly associated with the demon-world, and Mr. Stevenson had such association notified to him by letter, in very uncompromising terms. ' If,' ran this mys- terious epistle, ' thou be not acquainted with the secrets of white magic, see that thou become initiated therein, and that quickly, otherwise must the Evil One hold thee shortly in subjection. No human mind con- ceived Jekyll and Hyde ; it was communi- cated to "thee by black spirits, bent on thy destruction. An' thou learn not how to fight them, they will lure thee on to some dark deed such as they have taught thee to describe so forcibly. See to it. Hie thee to a teacher of white magic- nay, of the black art itself if thou likest. Forewarned is forearmed.' So the .reader thought ; and finding that the honours of his story were thus being filched from him for the benefit of authors, he proceeded to explain to the public that he really had had a say in the matter. No spirit influence was the author aware o£ save that of low spirits, determined by severe illness and attendant heavy expenses ; in short, says he, practically, I wanted a good story that would bring in money. "While thus story hunting, the legend of the traditional man with the shadow haunted him, and, so brooding, he fell asleep ; and lo ! the poison scene of Jekyll and Hyde was enacted before his eyes. Eor all prac- tical purposes the buok was as good as written before the dreamer awoke That his hero should have been a doctor was only natural, the sleeper being temporarily affected with ' doctor-on-the- brain disease ;' that the said doctor should have had a darker side to his nature was equally. ex- plicable. Are we not ready in sickness to class the fraternity with the angels, and in convalescence to lower their position accord- ing to the length of that dreaded little bill ? Given our changeling's imaginative pecu- liarities, and the results require no spiritual explanation. We have many such illustra- tions of his dreaming lucidity-notably in his last work, the ' Master of. Ballantrae,' where a dream is given textually. But if Mr. Stevenson be scarcely a sub- ject for witchcraft persecutors, he ought to be a blessing to psychological scientists. I have no desire to offer uncomfortable sug- gestions, but I certainly think if other walks in life ever prove fruitless, Mr. Stevenson might make a fortune for himself, or his heirs, by lending himself as a subject for vivisection. Here is a man who calmly tells you that when he is dreaming he knows all about it ; that while one part of him is living through exciting scenes, the other part of him is perfectly aware that a capital story is being enacted ; nay, more, that any ruth- less disturber of his agitated repose is angrily reproved for interrupting a dream that would have taken splendidly with the publishers. What would not Dr. Brown Sequard give to analyse-with the scalpiel knife-this duality which so aptly illustrates his favourite double-barrelled brain theory in full working order. Meanwhile, the duality proves a source of practical satisfac- tion to its possessor, fpr Mr. Stevenson is amusingly truthful as to the motive power of his writings. When asked why he is so indefatigable, instead of annihilating you with the pressure of inspiration, he answers with naive simplicity that he has two ex- pensive indulgences-ill-health and love of travel-and that he is a poor man. Poverty is a relative term, and most of us are apt to be somewhat in love with it, as understood by Mr. Stevenson, i.e., taking the shape of a roving life with a sympathetic life com- panion who shares your intellectual pur- suits, and with an imagination which pro- cures you constant mental pabulum from your surroundings. Whether some new and thrilling tale is to be dredged up from ' our beautiful harbour ' remains to be seen ; but we shall be sorely disappointed if out of his projected residence in Samoa Mr. Steven- son does not" evolve some romantic South Sea dreamings for our benefit. And of one hitherto neglected duty I would fain remind him-as he values his own peace of con- science, let him never finally lay down the pen till he has written Out for us those strange adventures of a mail-coach. 