THE TRINITY COLLEGE HOSTEL- Bv litis. On the afternoon of Monday last tlio founda tion stoijo of tho Trinity College Hostel was laid by the Countess of Hopotoun in tho presence of a largo and fashionable audience, including his Excellency tho Governor, tho Lord Bishop of Melbourne, Sir William and Lady Clarke, Dr. Pearson, tho Minister of Education ; Sir Matthew Henry Davies, tho Speaker of tho Legislative Assembly, and many other well known members of society. Tho visitors wore received by Dr. Leepcr, Warden of tho college, and the members of the council. Tho oostume worn on tho occasion by the Countess must have been out of compliment to tho day, . for her ladyship is an Irishwoman, and tho day 011 which sho per formed tho ceremony was St. Patriok's day. Hor costume consisted of a blaok skirt sur mounted by a short green velvet coat tho seams j of. which were outlined with narrow black passementerie of jet heads, and her bonnet was a combination of black and green, lier brooch .which "was .composed, of emeralds 'and diamonds was in the form of a. shamrock. Lady Davies woro light green' trimmed with black passemen terie, and bonnet to match. -Lady Clarke's toilette was also of green, but of those art shades which are almost neutral. . Mrs. Madden was attired, in black. . As' soon as the vice-regal party arrived, a procession was formed in the following order:— St. Mark's choir and precentor, clergy in surplices, canons, chaplains of the college, arch deacons, dean, bishop, with chaplains, lady undergraduates, lady graduates, bachelors of the faculties, senior graduates, the members of the governing and tcaohing bodies of the University and Colleges, . the vice- chancellor (Dr. Madden), the chancellor (Dr. Brownless), Sir William and Lady Clarke, His Excellency the Governor and tho Countess of Hopetoun and suite. Tho pro ceedings oommoncod with prayer, after which flin 13RU» nsnlm ..... s « » was sung, ana ocroro tlio Countess performed tho ceremony another special prayer was offered. The autliom which was sung Except the Lord Build the Housfc was taken from Cowen's . Song of Prais& After the warden had read a report on the origin of the hostel, he requested the Countess to lay the stone, which she accordingly did, repeating the following words : — I name these buildings now in course of erection the ' Janet Clarke-buildings.' ; ; I pray that true religion and useful learn ing may here for ever flourish and abound, and I declare this stone to be well and truly laid, in the name of the' Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost. Amen." ' Aftor this a hymn was sung, and then addres ses were given by his Excellency the Earl of Hopetoun, tho Bishop of Melbourne, Sir William oiarae, sir at. it. JJavioa and Dr. Pearson. A collect, a benediction, and a processional hymn brought the proceedings to a close, visitors laying their offerings upon the stone during the singing of the hymn. The want of a hostel is one which lias been much felt during the past year since the number of lady students has increased so rapidly, and at the present time two houses are rented for their accommodation in a terrace on the Sydney, road, cloac to the University. The hostel which is now about to be built will co3t nearly £50,000, and will be a very handsome throe-story structure in the form of a quadrangle, with a gothic clock tower 100 feet in height. Tho block to be known as the Janet Clarke-build ings will cost .about £6000, of which sum Lady Clarke has generously given £5000, and within tho past week Sir Matthew Davics has forwarded £2000 to he applied as an endow ment fund, tho interest' to be devoted to'-tho principal's salary. When complete, the hostel will accommodate .60 students, and will bo a very handsome building, tho first and second floor of tho rear building being occupied with a spacious gymnasium. Already applications aro being made for accommodation iu the new building, which, it is very evident, is badly - needed.. ;... . . . . . ... 