TETE A TETE. » Tluu may wosoo ltowtlio AVovlil wags.— As i'oii It. Last wook wo chronicled a sad boating fata lity, wherein, howovor, tho gloom of tho sorrow brooding ovor tho sal oiroumstanoos, is irradiated by traits of tho truost horoism. ' lioinft8 Carlylo remarks regarding this attribute of charaotor that " Horoism is tho divino relation which in all timo unites a groat man to other mon." We nro, how ovor, too much addicted to considoring it as tho concomitant or result of sorno pliysionl prowoss, tho effect of soma surpassing acti vity or anothor which raises tho actor upon a pedestal of colobrity. But heroism may havo its passive sido as well as it3 active, and may rise to just ns lofty hoights of self- saorifico and solf-abnegation in tho former onse as in the latter. No hotter instance of that is to hand than .the oxaniplo shown to all lads of his ago by tho young boy Walter" . Meoney. His coolnoss during tlio rocont snd boating fatality in tho Bay is worthy of all pnilao. For oiio so young his pcifoct control, ovor his fcolings is characteristic of Spartan fortitude during tho palmiest days of tho grent Grecian State's power and .reputation. What is so wonderful in tlio little lad's boar- ing is tbo almost Stoical contempt ho dis played for paiii. Through the long watches of that dronry night, wlion his wrotcliod waterlogged crnl't thrcatoucd e'vory momont to swamp aud leave him to struggle unaided with tlio pitiless waters, quiotly nud onlmly ho resigned liimsoU to his position with all tlio coolness of a Maliommodau, but without . that fatalism characteristic of tlio fpllowcra of tho Propliot. Ho had a duty to perform. On biddiiig him farowcll, his companions in ulisforluiio, Messrs., Smith nud Clayton, had told hini if he reached tho 1'ark. to givo tho alarm, and with this objcct'/in view ho roso superior to all the dosperata oivou instances of his position — a -littlo hero, if ovor thoro was ono. No childish whimpering or fears, no boyish ilroad of ghosts and bogies, a pluck, indomitable as it was magnifleont, sustained him all through, nud brought him out of all victorious- and triumphant — Noblo littlo Walter Mooney ! > # « A represontutivo cif the Daily Northern vli'ffiis clinneed to go to tho Immigration Dopdfc a few days ago, just after the last' batch of immigrants had arrived from homo. Ho found that a largo number of thorn wore dissatisfied with their prospects here'. ' Now, hero were farm laborers and artisans who at homo would liavo hecu glad to receive from 10s to 12s per week, out of which they had lo bring up their fauiilies, piy rent, and everything, turning ap th.-ir iii.sos at 15s per week and their rations. This is tho fault of tho immigration-agents at liotno. They send out immigrants to Australasia, under tlm most ludicrous and tin warrantable lu'sappruhuusions imaginable. In pluoo, of coming to face hard work, thoy are under tho idea tlicy going to soma such paradise as Tennyson described in '/Vie Dolus Haters, whore every day was " ono long afternoon." Some of them actually believer! that " nuggets wont knocking about tho country in tho most gaily promiscuous way possible, and wore to bo h.ul for the gathering. 'Then the female portion of tho immigrants are led to undor- stnnil Unit dashing young " squatters " with flocks and herds galore, und only worth a trifle of throe or four millions sterling apiece, nro actually waiting for every cargo of female immigrants that arrives, and fighting for first turn at the parson in order to get uiairioil. Well, you may believe wlion thoy come to Queensland and find the roalitios of life nro just ns hard and linrsb.in their; out lines ns those at homo no wonder thoy con sider thoy havo been ' had " under false pretences, Those immigration agents liavo much to answer for ! . . # No ono was better pleased than T t« «-no«i th JJuilaiia leaner yesterday morning re Separation, .and to have satisfactory evidoueo. Hint lifter shilly-shallying and sea- sawing froui one sido to the other on this important question, they have plainly seen il to he to their interest to throw themselves in heart and soul- for Separation. Of lato they havo boon far more representative of Brisbane interests than thoso of tho Control District, and it wns redly a question appav"-t'y with thorn whether or not to raugu u.vin- solvcs . 0" the opposite sido to tho advocates of the independence of the Central District. Now, all things aro changed. The orchestra havo altered their tnuo and timo, and in plaeo of playing a dirge over labor thrown away, they aro now help ing to swell the paean of prospective victory. Everything points to future success in the Separation crusade. Patience, pluck, and perseverance- -three Ps that will ovorcomo all difficulties — aro alotio neoded hero. Pro gress iu to bo -chronicled at St. Lawrence, where a healthy branch of tho Central Loaguo lias been formed. Mount Morgan and. Balmtgowan aro "moving" in tho same direction. Waken up, North Rookhampton, Yoppoon, Emu Park, and Cawarral ! # ' # Tho Qogango Divisional Board at thoir last meeting on Tuesday, were wrestling with tho subject of some protection in the way of a fonco at M'Konzio's Gap.- It ap pears that this is ono of thoso delightfully romantic plaoos, where a thoughtful liogo travelling along tho road, may suddenly find himself executing a sorios of matohloss somersaults through space, wiading up with tho brilliant finale of a broken neck. Ono good lady had already gone ovor to tho great majority via tho Gap in quostion, and Mr. Ewnrt took care to impress upon tho Gogango Board that if they did not provido somo protecting fence, others might promaturoly . Buek Heaven and ft harp by tho same eaBy descent to Avernus — No, no, I mean the other place, whore the temperaturo is not so high. I am glad to sec that Mr. Ewart's motion has been carried, and that, tho fonco will bo erected without delay, so that worthy St. Peter may not bo distiii-bod at untimely hours by unexpected visitors front llock- linuiptou dropping iu upon him per Mackenzie's Gap before ho had got lodgings prepared for theiii. I cannot for tho life of mo see what tho Divisional Board, want to do blocking tl'o beach roail at Yoppoon. Probably if somo of those who oppose tho sehomo had to make tho daily detour of throe orfonr miles, which tlio lack of a road thero necessitates tho resi dents of the Yoppoon district to make when it is high tide, tlio- would think twioe before thoy cxhibitod such merely factious opposi tion. No man likes to keep his wife waiting with the dinner. It somehow has a toudenoy not to improvo her temper — at least it usually 1ms that effect upon the'Tthorwiuo 1 l - t- ap vtiia ' wnttavft. Sn pillUIU. tUUlt'L'ilVUJUiiu VA # with the Yoppoon settlers, wlion it is high tide ami thoy havo, iu consequence, to make a detour three or four miles inland. By the timo thoy roach homo tho domestic barometer registers " vory stormy, anu mu fei.iinino temperamental thennomotor Btands at thu " lioiling-point." Givo thorn tbo road then, gentlemen of tho Divisional Board ; in God's name construct the Yoppoon Beach- road mid s»ve tho outbreak of such domostio Aetnaa and Vosuviuses. Don't let _ the removal of a fow rooks and tlio expenditure of a " tenner " ho tho prico at which you rato tlio domestic hnppincss of tho Yoppoon settlors. « O My good friend Mr. John O'Shanosy made a gallant but ineffectual attempt at tho last meeting of tho Gogango Divisional Board to " seltio" that recalcitrant sottlor, PotorHogg, who lias coolly shut tlio public out of thoir only road, lying through his property as ill. luok would havo it, but still legitimately- tho " Queen's highway.'' It appears that tho said Peter recently purchased this land— 1200 ncros in all — upon which a road had boon rosorved, but not gazetted. No tioonor did tho pooplo round the district oxhibit'a dosiro to got the road gazetted, so us not to use it only on Euffaraucc, that tho public-spirited Peter quietly olosed tho wholo track and rofusud to lot any one pass through. Nor could tbo Divisional Board intorforo, since tlio road had not boon proclaimed. Bub when thoy commenced clearing another traelc, which thoy havo dono, they could compel Peter to allow them to pass ovor tho former rond temporarily. This has boon also dono, so that Mr. Potor Hogg doubtless fiuds himBolf beautifully " euohred " over tho nico littlo gumo ho was trying to play upon tho public. It will be a losson to others tnat ono cannot play with firo without boing burned. # "ke Bookliampton Municipal Council are bout to .road ratepayers in arroars a salutary lesson iipon tlio necessity of paying one's lawful duos. Tho Finance Committoo havo prepared a special roport to the Council on the subjeot, in whioh thoy have advised that with respect to the arroars that a sum not »n0v 2n? ko oxponded iu publishing tho list of nrronrs in tho Government Gazelle and local papers, intimating that within ono month attor publication of BUch list, if such arrears are still unpaid, tlio Council will tako possession of the lands dcscribod, under ,o2c>'eini8 k'10 Local Government Act of 1878, and furthor, that when tlio owners of any of such lauds can bo found, a sum mons shall bo issued against thorn to u iforoo- tlio i paymont of tho rates due. This is tho sort of action to bii. g about a good rcault, and wo aro glad to noto tlio Council intend fearlessly to pnrsno it without respect of persons. Rogarding Ahlormnn CahilTs ctiso i j ,uo. 0 wealthiest moil of Queens land being in arrears at his death," I esteem tlio collect ir wae in fault to havo permitted' tho arrears to run on. If powor be given to him to suo in every caso whero tho rates wero six months overdue, wo would hoar lcs3 of nrroars, and see more value for our money in better roads and pavements. »nn Our Mayor is of tontiincs given to talk vory foolishly, oopooially wbon 1m chances to bo attempting to convinoo anyono that dis- agrees with him. Usually ho is possessed of good sou ud common senso, but sometimes oven Homer nods, so our Mayor. At tho last mooting of tho Cuuncil lie was pleased to say that "he was sorry to find ono of their newspapors was also complaining about their roads, but if thoy wero to carry out all tho works that newspaper wantod thou! to do, their income would havo to bo fully XI 00, 0P0 per anuum more than it was." ;Now,tliis Ib a very convenient way - to "burko" an awkward Argument. If it bo at nil to Mr. nSy "WiHwns satisfaction to know it, tho KDckhftmpton streets and pavements— if olinli it.. l.Ll v »« , . .. i i . JU",'ur 6,111 caiioa— onjoy tlio "bad eminbneo " of being positivoly the worst of any oity for its size in tho Austral asian colonics. Had oven tho smallest attention been paid to them in years gouo by, thoy would not have boon what thoy are now, a danger aliko to man and beast, 'l'ho soonor tho aldermon como down lo the prootical nerds of tho town from their lofty altitudo of indiffcrcnoo tho sooner will there be some comfort to bo derived iu walking or driving along our streets. # # Alderman Moyle, I am surprised at you ! Only a fow short weeks ago our worthy civic father was assisting my old friond Matthew Burnett in propagating tho " Gospol accord ing to Cold Water;" and now, lo and bohold, wo liavo at tho Inst Rockliampton Council meeting the following astounding question nsked — Alderman Moylo : "I wish to know if it would be n proper courso to make a motion to ask tho Town Surveyor an esti mate of tho cost for doing something or anothor, so as to givo poople somotliing decent to drink ; or would it be sqfilnintif. to ask tho Mnvor to- get tho oatamatn.' Something a---- <\- uia J01 -rron, it aopondB upon what our good alder man's pet tipplo is. Some liko " throo star," aud othors "usquobao;" some affect tho real J.D.K.55. juico of tho Juniper; othors claret; and a fow bloated aristoornts " golden top " from Moot or ClicquGt. It all dopende on tasto, you know. A water- drinker did you say P ' I beg tho worthy alderman's pardon ; but such a phenomenon as that is so raroly. recorded now-a-days that it is like tho five-leaved clover, or a seventh son of a soventh son. As to getting some thing decent to drink in the way of water I fear I can only advise him to look for it, not on earth, but in tho sweet by-and-hy. ' ' # m Aldermon Cahill and Moylo had a sweet little tussle at the council meeting ovor tho employment of two or throo additional drays iu onoh ward in tho municipality, so as to carry into offoot necessary improvements. Well, I must say I.cannot see much foroo in this, as in place of two drays mora likoly a need would nriso for a dozen. Tho idea iB a good ono ; but it fell short in dogrco of what was wanted to mako it thoroughly effective. The town as it is is sorely in need of more drays to carry into effeel tho vory improve ments to our streots and pavemonts for whioh wo havo been contending. # # # Tho Municipal Counoil employees and thoso of tho Gas Company havo boon dis puting as to who is guilty of leaving raised trenches in our publio tlioroughfaros. Tho matter is vory easy o! settlement— " Both, my lord, both." One has only to walk up William-Btrot to obtain practical illustra tion of the fact, but tho trenches aro rosily so insignificant that no one would uotico tho existenco of oitlior unless attention wero callod to tho fact. Vorily those two good men and truo, woro wasting thoir breath and making " mnoh ado about nothing" in disputing over the subject. # The prsposal has been tabled to hand oyer tlio management of the Children's Hospital to a separata committee. At present its affairs are administered by tho Benovolont Society, but thoro can bo no doubt that so important an institution dosorvos a dis tinct board of management. But tlio danger is that it might licoomo a mere denominational cliquo, ruled by ono Cluuoh, which would bo utterly fatal to its interests. _ At the annual meeting, or at an oxtraordinary mooting, lot tlio question bo brought up, and ouo representative from each ohuroli bo placed upon the 'committoo. That would prevont tlio bdiitia theologicwn, and all would go merrily as a marriage belli Give a prepondor- anoo to any one Church and— you raise the evil himself 1 Strange, isn't it. # I am- glad -to noto by the report in the Argns of the recent meotiug of the Rock- hampton Gas and Coke Company, that thero is a probability of tho oloctrio ligli boing introduced into tho town. Tho decision will prnctically lie with tho shareholders of the company themselves. Notices havo boen issued to them from tlio secretary, asking their opinion. I trust thoy will porcoivo tlio enormous advantages of tho boon offorod thorn, and scizo it without any hositntion. Let it be an altornativo scheme with gas, but by nil moans lot us at least havo tho option of taking tho gas or oleotrio light at pleasure. Tho employment of tho electric light involves machinery and a modus operandi not a whit moro complicated than gns. At tho Grand Ilotol in Melbnurno it is used through ft jot just as the other, in volving thereby not a whit more risk. # » « I was glad to porcoivo uo souBiblo a con clusion arrived at, in tlio mooting of tho Chamber of Commorco yosterdny afternoon, ii3 tho dcoisiou to 30nd Mr. A. Arelior, M.L.A., to Brisbano, us tliolr diploma to lo 1 seouro a similar conouasiou ovor tho Contrnl Lino from Barcaldino to Rookhampton, as has beon granted from Oharlovillo to Bris bano ovor tho South Western Lino. Wo can contend against a lob, but that 25 per oont. rebate was liko fighting against both tlio devil and tlio deop soa in ono. When Mr. Arohor lays himself alongslda Mossrs. Mnthioson and Coy., tho Railway Commissioners, if ho cannot extort somu substantial amelioration of our ovils, no ono can I # Another inspection of tho cabbies on Jaminry 15. I am glad to noto tho Inspector of NnisanccB is keeping a firm hand over .these gay and festivo Jehus, who como thundering unoxpocbodty round a corner on a quiet old mcditativo philosophor liko mysolf, Bearing all tho littlo wits I ovor had out of me, aud making ono think the Angel G.vbriol had como along "promisous-like" with the chariot and tho trumpet, and all that sorb of thing boforo tlio time. I think, howevor, our inspector should keop a sharpor look out after _ tho Fitzroy Bridgo traffic than dragging poor Cabby boforo tho " book " for doing a quiet loiter on a Saturday night. Aud so this blossod influenza opidomio has spread over the wholo of Europe, from tho Caucasus to tho Atlantio. What an almighty blowing of nosos, and swilling of gruels, and bathing of feat, aud quaffing of nauseous medicino thero must bo at home? It's an ill wind that blows noliody 'good, and tho drapors and haberdashers must bo re joicing with exceeding great joy over the nutnbor of pockot-hamikcrchiofs bought wherewith to minister t, i tbo needs of tho irritated nasal orgau. Bub from ovon the contingency or clmncu of tho epidemic reaching Australia, good Lord dolivor us! Why, then, nog lent any precau tion? The disease started in Russia, thon wout to Austria, thon to Germany, thon to Iu,ily, Franoo, and Spain ; thoroaftor across to England, and finally to Amorisa. Now, how did it travel liko that from placo to plaeo, across tho oooan and tho Alps, if not by means of the mails ? Horoin lies thu root of tho danger. Hcnco, wo would ndvocato a enroful fumigation of all mails arriving in Australia from Europe and America. « # « Speaking of infiuonza, I boo it has beon tho moans old Atropos has takon to snip the lifo's-tliread of tho old Dowager Empress Augusta, 'l'hin was the spouso of that most Christian and most sympathetic monarch who always used to thank God during every victory iu tlio Franco-Prussian War for "Anothor glorious triumph, 30,000 French men Itillod — To God bo tho Glory !" London Punch, in his inimitnble cartoons, took up tho matter and for over immortalised the saying in tho euggostivo ooiqilet Toil tliuuimml l<Toiichnicn sent kotow. I'vulbo Quit iroin whom all blessings flow. ZINGARO. 