A &L1; or CHE&biirN.; I » "But, AfoMMcor, Mtrcoivo bow magnificent 'Utev arc I Them w not in biuiAtoro, thoro is not : inlinttativ. n.tv. it u certain tlicro ia not in Franco aotHi)M>ibarotof choMmon. Andivorvl And tho carving— oboocvo, for example, the variety of dotaiLv' Tboy certainly woro a curious sot ot ciic&smcn;, magnificent lu u wuy , but curious first of all As M. Ilobmcuu rasri'irkod, holding a rook in ono faand and a knfpht in tho other, the enro i>tud to dotails by the carver rcallv was sarprising. Bat two hundred nrt>! fifty 'francs! for a set of Chessmen ! ( ubo, bo, my friund. I am willing to admit that tho work i good— -in a kind of a way. But two hundred and Jlity francs I If it were fifty, now?" 4<ruty-' Up wont ar. Bobiijcau'sshouldors, and down went. It Bobmcau s hoad hotwoon thou, m tho nU.liion of those toys which are XKillodby a string. " Ah, mon Dicu ! Ifonsieur laughs at mo ! " . . And thcru canio anothor voluble declaration of tkoir rnont«- Thoy certainly woroa curious Oct. I really think thoy were tho most curious ot I over saw. I would huvo preforred thorn, for instance, to 'inythuig thoy havo at SouUi Konsiugton. ami tlioy have somo romarkabio Cxamploi there. Anu, of course, tho price woh email.' But ivhon ouo has only five thousand franco u year for overything, two hundred and fifty being tuxen uwuy — ami for a set of chess- men — uocn leave u vacancy uomnu. I a»ko(M)obincau where ho got thera. Bust oesft was kIack thut sunny afternoon— it sceiaod fo mo that I was Oio only customer ho ever had, but that must havo been u delusion on my part. BcjK?rteiiid ho wits n warm mun, one of Morlaix'a Warmest iuoii, and hut queor old shop in tho queer old Graudo Kuo — Grande Rue I what a ' Bomo for uu alloy !— cootainod many things < which wei'o valunblo as woll as queor. But \- there atloast was no other customor in sight Just thou, bo Babmeau told me all the talo. i. It scorned thoro htwi boon a M. Fnnichon— / Augnflto Fumclion — no, not a Broton, a Pansuui, a true Parisian, who had como and octtlcd down in thu communo of Plouigncau, Over hy tho garu. This M. Funichon was, for CXamplo, a Utflo— well, a little— a little ox lilted, let us iay. It is truo that the country poopfojuud be was HturK mad, but Bobincau, lor nis part, saui no, no, 110! It is not necon- ftary bocauso one is occentnc that ono is mad. Hero Bobincau looked at me out of tho oorncr of his eye. Are not tho English, of all peoplo. tho most occeatric. and yet is it not known to all tho world that thcyaro not, noccHSutily', stark mail? This M. 1' umchon was not rich, quite tho contrary. It was a littlo place he lived in— 'thu merest colbme. in fact. And ui it lie lived alone, and. according to report, there was only ono tluiig he did all uuy and all night loug, ami that was. play chess. It appfmrs that ho was that .ram, t ami moat umiahlo of imbeciles, a chcH'i mamac. I.i there such a word ? 44 Vliat a life !r4 said M. Bohineau. 44 Figure it to yourself ! To do nothing— nothing! — hut pmy ciMins: iiu.y hay — ui. xiuunivnu iuukim round him with an air of mvHtery— 14 they say- bo starved himself to death. lie was so heaottod by ps niisorable chess that ho forgot — abso- lutoly forgot, tliui mibocile — to cat." That was what M. Bobtneau said thoy said. It required a vigorous effort of the imagination to quite take it in. To what u»tato of forget- t ohices must a man arrive boforo ho forgets to cat! lint wlictliurlf. Fumchon forgot to oat, or whether ho didn t, at least lie died, and being dead thoy Bold his goods— why thoy sold them was not quite clear — but at tho sale M. Bold noau was tho chief purohasor. Ojio of tbo chief lots was the sot of ivory chcs.smeu which had eaogut my o yea. J.hoy were thu doad man's favonr.to set. and no wonder! Bobinoau was cf opinton that, u hn had had his way hu would bavu hud them bunod with him in his grave. 4It lh ruid.'Mic whispcrod. again with tho tlanco of mystory around, 44 that thoy found im dend. w-atod at tho table, tho chcsnroen on tho board, hia hand on tho wbito rook, which was giving mute to tlio advorsary s king." Kithcrwhatavtvidiinsginutionhitdliobineau, or what odd things tho xmonle said! Ono £icturcs tho old mail, soutod all alone, with his ist breath finmuiug his game. Well, 1 bought tlio sot of ivory chessmen. At thin time of day I frooly admit that they were cheap nt 2u()f.— dirt cliuap. indeed : hut a hun- drod was all 1 paid. I know Bobincau so well —I daro say ho bought them for twenty- iivo. Asl'boro thum triumphantly away my mind .was occupied by. thoughts of their original .possessor. I was filled by quite a sentirqontal tenderness as I meditated on tho part thoy had played, according to Bobmcati; m that last uoonc. But St. bcrvuu droro all thoso thoughts away. Philippe Honri do St. Sorvan was zatnor a aimcuii person to got on witn. itwaa with lum I shared ut tlrnt time my apartment on . tho place: "Lofcusfleo!' I romarked when I got iu; . 14 what bavo I hero i"' Ho wiui Beuted. his conntiy pipo In lus mouth, at tho open window, lookhig down upon the river. Tho Havre boat was making ready to start— ut Morlitix tho nautical ovout of tlio week. There was uutto a bustle on the quay. St. bci vuu junt looked round, and then looked back again. I But down und untied my purchase. 44 1 think there havo boon criticisms— dero gatory criticisms— passed by a certain pcraou upon n certain not of cliessmon. Perhaps that pornon will oxplam what ho has to say to tll090." ' St. Sorvan inarched up to tho tablo. Ho looked nt thorn through his halfcloscd oyo- lids. 44 Toys!" was all ho said. 1 44 Porlmx>s ! Vet toys which mado a trugody. Havo you ever heard of tho muno of Funiw ohon (' By n slight movomont of his grizzly- groy oyobrowK he intimated that it was possible lio had. 41 Thouo chessmen belonged to him. Ho had just finished a garao with thorn wheu thir found him dead — tho winning pioco, a wluto rook, urns in hts hand. Suggest an opitnph to he placed ovor his grave. There's a pioturo for a >amtor— oh ?" - "Bah! Ho was a Communist P' That was all bt, Survun said. And so saying, - St. Scrvau turned away to look out of tho window at tho Havro boat again. Therowaa onendof M. Fuuichon for linn. Not that ho mount oxaotly what hu said. Ho stinply meant that M. Fumchon was not Legitimist — out of sympathy with tlio gcntlomon who mot, and decayed; visibly, beforo tho naked oye, at tho ciunoiiino ouior siuo oi inox"ace. ; wicnot. Survaii not tcr.bo Legitimist meant to he nothing -at all — out of lus range of vision absolutely.' \- ' Booing that war so. it ik strange ho should havo -borno with mo us ho did. But no was a wonder, -fulolanmu. ; n. "VVo pluved our first game with tho ivory , choBsmau wheu St. Sorvan returned from the club. Iiun freo to confess that it was an Oc eanian forme. I had dusted all tho pieces and had tho board all hud when St. Sorvan entered, and when wo drew for choiuo of moves tho . dominant feeling iu my mind was tho thought of 'the -dead man mtiing nil ulono, with the white rook in hu hand. Thoro wus an odour of sanctity about tho affair for mc— a whiff of air -in the land of gliOhl.H. NovorthoIesH. mv IoIiiq were girded up, and I .Was propnred to boir mysolf ana mail in tho ntxifu. Wo wero curiously well matched, St. . Sorvan und I. W o had nlayod 220 gumoa, and, ' xmtling draws UKido, each had scored tho same number of wins. lie hadhia days, aud bo hud w%y-'.Xj->4Afc -oaotnuo I was oluvon gatnoa ahead, but :v;tidnco that ihnccvbU'Bsed hour I had not scored a oiuglo came, lie htul tracked inofltoudih, arid owntuully had mado tho Rcores oxactlytfo. In ,, huh f,iwkii mm vv» uu mi urtsdu oi fuitli tliut us a clieos pluyor J was quito ,i!ii yfcil cut— mid ttmro was n ttnio when I hail tliuuglit tlio sumo oi hunt Hu won tlio movo. nndthun. as usnnl, thoro camo un interval for ralloction. Tlio worst thui nhont St. Sorvan— regarded from a choss- P""V>"K F""t of vio-.v— was tliut lio look swell a time to h-.m. U I»tn a man has opened his >t 111 oxcuaatilc. laudable, indeed— if ho Jiausoa to reflect a reasoimblo lonfjUi of time 3nt I nover knew a mun who was so fond of ro' fraction beloro a movu was made. AsA rule thatuhsiird liatiit of his hud qwito an irritntm.- \- effect njion my norrcu: but tliut oTonlni; I felt qnitoeool and prepared to sit him out. _ There w.i ..at, l.otha.iiohni(;oury rent pipes, ho BtnrlnK at tlio board, and I at liiin. IIo put out his lined, almost toncliod a i»eco- ami thon .-with n start, ho drew it back again. An interval— lira sumo piuitommo again Auotlior interval— unci « ropotition of tlio pantomino. I puffed a cloud of tmioko into tlio nil- ami softly sighed. I know ho hml liscn ton minutes hv my watch. I'ossibly tlio Bigli had u stimulating offct, for hosuildunlvetretolicd out liic hand and moved quoen's knight s pawn a single nqunro. i I was startled. Ho was groat at book oponuigs, that was tho absurdost part of it. Ho would lend you to aupposo that ho was raodita- ting soiiiothmg quito original, and thon would ' perhaps Imam with fool s mato after all. IIo, atlcast, licdnovor tried queon's knight's pawn a ahlgla aquiuc before. j 1 considered a reply. Pray lotifc bo understood .—though I would not havo confcunod it to St. Servan for thu world— that I am no player. I urn wedded to tho game foranhour or two at night, or jwradvonturo. of. an aftomoon ut iuncb, but I eball nover be adunttcd to its inner mr stories— never I not if Ioutepan Methuselah. Iam not built that way. St. Servnu and 1 were two children who loving the sea. dabble tbsir foot in tho shallows lefthv the tide.. I havonn doubtthat thero are a doren replies to that opening of his, but I di.l not know one then. .1 had some hazy idea of developing a game cf my own, wbilo keeping an oyo on his, and for that purpose put out my hand to mora the Suoou'b pawn two, when 1 felt my wnflt grasped v— .well, by what felt uncommonly like on invisible hand. I wa4 eo atartlod that I ahm>vt dropped my pijie. I drew my hand back agatn, and was oonscious of tho slrglit detaining pressure of unseen flngcre. Of course it was hallucination, but itseomedso real, and was bo unexpected, that-well, I settled my pipe more firmly between ray lips-it hud nil Imt fallen from my mouth— and took a whlft or two to calm my nurvos. X glanced up, cuutioiwly, to sco if St. Sorvan noticed my unusual be haviour, but his eyes wero fixod stonily upon tho board. .... 1. t i , After a moment a hesitation— it wiwiib«tiril . —I etretched out ray hand again. Thu halluctuatiou wo ropoated, and m very tangible fonn. I wan lUatmctly conacionn of my wriat being wrenched usido and guided to a piece I had never meant to touch aud iliuont ocforo I wan aware of it, instead of tho move I had moant to make, I had mode a. Hervilc copy of St. .Servan'B opDiiing— I had raovod queen s knight's x>awn a singlo wxuare ! To adopt tho language of the mtu Dick Swivciler, that was a staggerer. 1 own that for an instant I was staggered. I could (lo »l«n Hnf kl/irrt. Pnr fit htrtxt imi seconds I forgot to smoke. I was coiisoious that when St. Sorvan saw my rnovn he knit his brows. Thon tho usual itiUirvul for reflec tion come agoiu. Half unconsciously I wuteliod liim. When, as I supposed, ho had docided on Ills move, ho stretched out his linnd, as t hud done, aud also, as X had dono, ho drew it back agaiu. I was a littlo startled— ho seemed a Jittlo startled, too. Thoro wus a momentary pauBo : back wont his hand again, and, by way 'of varying tho monotony, ho moved — king s knight's pawn a singlo square. I wondorod, and hold my ,ioaco. . Thoro might bo a gambit' liasod upou theso lines, or thero might not, hut sinco I was (juito clear that I know no reply to such an opening, I thought I would try a littlo experiment, una put out my hand, not with tlio slightest conception of uuy particular movo in my houd, but simply to see what happened. Instantly a gniBp fastened nu my wrist ; my hand was guided lo— king's knight's pawn n singlo square. This Was gottiug, front every point of view, to bo distinctly interesting. Tno chessmen ap peared to ho possessed of a property of which Bobincau had boon unaware. I caught myself ; wondering if ho would huvo insisted on ui higher prico if he hid known of it. Curiosities; nowadays do fotoh such fancy sums— and .what! prico for a ghost Thoy ajipoared to 1)0 auto matic cliessmon— e utomatio in a sense entirely thoirowu. Having inado my movo, or having had some- . liody elso's movo mado for mo, which , is jior-: Imp 3 tho more exact way of putting it, X PAiifoftiiitittitii mv nntfivnninL' Whou he axiw what! had done, or what somobpdy olso hart done— tho tliinpsaro equal— St. Sorvan frowned. Ho belongs to tho bony vnrioty, tho people who would not loll in u chair to save thoir lives—his aspect struck ino as being oven more poker- iiko llian usual. Ho meditated bis reply an un conscionable length of timo, -tho more uncon scionable sinco I strongly doubted if it would ho his reply nftor nil. But at last ho showed signs of action. Ho kept his eyes fixed steadily upon the board, his frown bocamo pronounced, and ho began to raise his hand. I writo " began," because it was a process which took somo time. Cautiously ho brought it up, inch .by inch, i But no sooner had ho brought it over the board thnu his bolinvioiir become quitiv singular. Ho positively glared, and to my oyos scorned to bo liaviug a struggle with his own; right hand. A struggle in which lie was worsted, for ho loaned back in his scat with a curiously discomfited air. Ho had movod queon's rook's pawn two squares— tho automatic principle which tm- pelted theso chessman scorned to liavo a par tiality for pawns. It was my turn for reflection. I pressed, tho tobacco down in _ my jiipo, : and thought — or tried to think— it out. was it an hallucination, and was St. Sorvan the victim of hallucination too V Had I moved thoso jkiwiis spontaneously, actuated l>y tho impulse of my. own froo will, or hndn't I ? And what was tlio moaning of tlio littlo sceno X had just observed ? I km n tolorably strong man. It would require no slight exorcise of force to compel mo to movo ouo liivco whon I had miuliMip iiiy inind that I 'would movo another piccoTnstuadi X huvo hboti told, and I boliovo not altogatlior untruly told, i that tho rigidity of my right wrist rosomblcs tennis-court ..and fonciug-room for nothing. X had tried ono oxporim'out, I thought I woiilil try anothor. I mado up my mind that I would movo queon's pawn two — stop me .who stop can. ' Ifolt that St. Sorvan in his turn waswatching mo. Preposterously onsy though tho teat ap peared to bo us X resolved on its performance, I was conscious of an unusual degree of corobral oxcitomcnt — a sort of fooling of iloordio. But us, in spito of tho feeling, I didn't do, it was perhaps us woll I didn't din. Intending to kcop comploto control over my own muscles, I raised . my right hand, probably to tlio full as cautiously as St. Servan had dono. I upproaclicd tho queen's pawn. X was just about to soizo tho pioco whon that utisean grasp fastened on my wrist. I paused, with something of tho feeling which inducos tlio wrestler to pause before outermgon tho veritable tug of war. For ono thing I was desirous to satisfy myBclf as to tho nature of thogrusp — what it was thatsccincd to grasp mo. It soorncd to ho a hand. The lingers wont over tho hack of my wrist, and tho thumb be neath. Tho fingors wero loug and thin — it was ultogclhor a slondor hand. But it scorned to bo a man's hand, and an old man's hand at that. Thu skin was tough mid wrinkled, clammy aud cold. On tho little finger thoro wus a ring, and on tlio. first joint, i bora appeared to ho something of the nature of a wart. X should say thut it' was' anything but a beautiful baud, it was alto gether too attenuated und cluw-like, until would havo bottcil that it was yellow with age. -At iirut tlio pressure was slight, almost ns slight as tho touch of a baby's hand, with n gontio inclination to ono side. But us I kept my own hand firm, Bliif, resolved upon my own jiartieulur movo, with, us it wore, a sudden snap, discomfiture; X felt my. wrist held as iu iin iron' vyce. VITicii, as it niust havo scenied to St.' Sotvnri, who, I was awuro,; was still keenly 'watching lira, I began to strugglo with my own hr.iul. ' Tho sjicctncte might jinvo been iun to ;him','-hut tho reality was, nt that momont, any- , thing but fun to mo. I' was dragged to one side. Another hand was fastened upon mine. My fingors wore forood open— I had tightly' clinched ray fist toenablo mo bettor to resist— my 'wrist was forced down, my fingers were closed upon . a pioco, I was coinpollcd to move it— forward, my fingers wore un fastened to roplnco tho piece upon tlio boardi Tho move com pie tod, tlio uiisoen gruop instantly relaxed, rind I was froo, or appeared to bo froo, again to coll lay hand my own. I had niovedquecn s rook's pawn two squares. This may seem comical duough to i;cud 'about, hut it was anything hut comical to fuel. Whon the thing was dono I stared at St. Sorvan, nnd St. Scrvau stared at mo. Wo stared at each other, 1 supposo, a good long minute, thon I broke the puuso. . "Any thing . tho. ntftttef I" ' 'X inquired, jjo, put lipids liaild and ourled his moustache, and, if Imny say so, ho curled his lip as woll,' " Do. you notion anything odd about— about tho gaino't"' As I spoke pbout .the game, 1 motioned iny linnd toward my oraiui-now set of chcssnicn. Ho looked at mo with hard sus-. picious oyes. " 13 it 11 trick of yours r" he asked. " Is what a trick of mino y'. " If you do not know, then how should I r ' I drew n whiif or two from iny pipo, looking at liim keenly all tho timo, thou signod toward tho board with my blind. " It's your movo," I mill. Ho merely inclined liis head. There was n momentary iauso. When hu stretched out his. hand I10 suddenly snatched it bnok again, and half stattod from his soat with a stilled execra tion. " Did you fool anything upon your wrist f" I asked. " Mon Diou ! It is not what I fool— sco that." Ho was oyoing his wrist 11s ho upoko. He hold if. Iinfl/.r livn rrlnrn nf tlio liimil. t.hnnt across aud looked at it. For so old a man ho hud a xifionoinoniilly white and dolicato skin —under thu gluro of tho lnrap tho irax>res5ious of finger marks wuro pluidy visiblo ux>ou liis wrist. X whintlod us I saw thora. u. Is it 11 trick of yours V\ ho asked again. . 44 It is cortqioly no trick of mino." . u Is thoro any ouo in tho l-oom hosideu us two ?" I shrugged ray shouldorsand looked round. He, too. lookod round, with something I thought not quito easy in his glunco. 44 Certainly no ouo of mjr acquauitauco, and certainly no ono who is visiblo to roe." Witlhb fair white hand— tho loft, not tho one wJUch had tho iiiigormarks upon tho wrist —St. Sorvan smoothed liis huge moustache." " Somo ond or soraething nos corapellod mo 7-ycs, from tno first— to movo, not as I would, but— bah ! I know not how." "Exactly tho same thing lw» oMurred to "i lauglied. St.' Hervan glared, Hvidontly tho humour of tho thing did not occur to him, Ira being tho sort of mail who would require a surgical operation to raako him sou a loki'- , tho humorous side of tho situation struck ino "Perhaps wo are favoured by tho pioscneeof A ghost— perhaps ovon by tho Knntchon. Perhaps, ofter all, ho h-;iH not vet played his last gume with liis iavonnto sot. Ho may havo roturaed— shall wo say from _ — to try jiist one more sot-to with un - If my dear Sir'' — X waved my pipo nliably, as though addressing an unseen imrsonaga— " reauy you, I beg von will reveal yourself— materialise is, X IjoUovJ, tho expression now m voguo-.-rad slinw us the sort of ghost you are . Sommvhatto my surprise, nnd constdoTaWj to iny uminwuienf, St. Servan rose from his seat and stixid by tin- tablo, stiff and straight 11s a wiafl'nkliKite. ... , . , "'I'll esq, Monsieur, are eulqecte on which o.nL ""Do you",1 then, hclicvu in ghoste 1'kuow h« was a superstitious loqu— wllneM hqi fidelity to the uuperstitioii of right divine— but this was tho first inkling X had had of how tar (lie super- stitieu carried him. . . , , ,. 1 "Boliovo!— Ill ghosts! In what, do you boliove? X, Monsieur, am ft religious nmn." .. l . "Do you lwliovo, then, that a (host is presoiit with us now — the ghost, ; for mstanco, . of M. Funeliion . ' , , . „ St. Sorvnn pau«od. Thcu crossed himself actually crojseu hnusi'll neiore mj ujrs. ; ho spoko thoro was a peculiar dryness in his " Svith your periui9siou, Moiisieur, I will re tire to lied." . , Tlmro was an oxnuporatuig thing to say There must be a large number of men 111 the world who would give— well, neood vouiiiUum, to light even 011 the, trail of a ghost. And hero wore wo in the lietual presouce of somoOiing— let us sav apparently enrions, at anvv rate, and hero was Nt. , Servan culinly talking about 'retiring to bed, without making tho slightest 11 ttempt to examine tho thing! 'It was enough to muko the nieinhcrs of tho Psychical Itescorch Society turn m their graVes. The mere sug gestion tired my blood. " I do beg, St. Servan, that you ut least will tiiiisli the game." I saw lie hesitated, so X drove tho nail well homo. " Is it possible that yon, a bravo man. having given proolH of courage on couutlcBH fields, can turn tail nt what- is doubt less an hallucination aftor all V" « fs it that Monsieur doubts my. courage j" I kiiuw tbo tone— if I was not careful I should have tin affair upon my bauds. " Conio, St. Scrvau, sit down and finish tlio Another momentary pause-. He sat down, nnd— it would not bo correct to write tliut we. finished tho game, but we mado another effort to go on. My pipe hail ; gone out. I refilled nnd lighted it. , ,, " You know, St. Servnii, it. is rosily nonsense to talk about ghosts." ' _ " It is a subject 011 which I never talk. \- .11 somoining uoes compel us w iu... ""J; which wo do not intend, it is soui'otliiug wlneh is capable of a natural explanation." . "Perhaps Mousiour will explain it, then?' "I will ! Before I've finished ! If you ouly won't turn tail mid go to hod ! I think it very lioasible, tooi thiit -the influence, whatever it is, Los gone— it is quite' 011 the cards that our. imagination 1ms played us some subtlo trick,. It is your inovo, but before' you do anything just toll me what movo you mean to make." " I will move"— lib hesitated — "I will move queen's pawn." . He put out his hand, mid, -with what seemed to uu hysterical suddenness, he moved king's rook's pawn two squares. " So ! Ourfrieud is still hero then ? I sup pose you did not chaugo yoiir mind ? " There was a very peculiar look about St. Scrvuu's eyes. " I did not change my mind." I noticed, too, that bis lips were uncom- monly compressed. " It is my movo now. X will movo queon's pawn. We are not dono yet. Whim I put out my liuiiil you grasp my wrist— and wo shall sco what we shall sco." , " Shall I como round to you ?"' " No, stretch out across tlio tablo— now !" I stretched out my hand ; that instant ho stretched out his, but spontaneous though the uctiou socmad to bo, auothcr, an unseen hund, had fastened on my wrist. Ho observed it, too. " There appears to. I ic another luind botweeii yours and mino.". ' . ' I know there is." ' ' , Boforo I had the words woll out my hnnd had boon wrenched aside, my fingers unclosed, ami then closed, then unclosed again, and I St. Scrvun aud X sat staring nt each other. For my part I felt a little bewildered. "This is very curious ! Very curious in deed! But boforo wo say nnything about it wo will try another littlo experiment, if you don't mind. X will ooinu ovor to you." I wont over to liim. " I,et me grasp your wrist with both my hands." I grasped it us firmly . ns X could, ns it iuv upou his knee. Now try to movo queen's pawn." He.began to raijo his hand, I holding on to his wrist with all my strength. Hardly had I10 railed it to tlio levol of tlio tqbe when two un seen hinds, grasping mine, tote thorn nwity as though my strength were of 110 account. I saw him give a sort of shudder — lio had moved queon's lushopB's pawn two squares. " This is a dovfl of 11 ghost," 1 said. tit. fiervun said nothing; but ho crossed himself not once, but half a dozen times. There is still one little experiment that I would wish to make." St. Scrvun shook his head. " Not I!" hosaidL \- " Ah, but, my friend, this is an experiment which lean innkc without your aid. X simply want to kuow if there is nothing tangible about our uiisoen visitor except his hands. It is my move.'' X roturuod to my sidu of tho tablo. I again addressed myself, as it wore, to an un seen auditor. ' " My good ghost, my good M. Fimichon — if -it is you— you are at liberty to do as you desire with my hand." I held it out. J.c uistautly was grasped. AVith my left bund I made several passes iu the air up and down, holiind anil before, in ovory direc tion, so fur as I could. It mot with no resistance. Thero scorned to he nothing tangiblo but. those invisible fingers which grasped my wrist — nnd I had moved queon's bishop's pawn two squares. _ St. Nervau rose from his seat. ; " It is enough.; Indeed, it is too much. This ribaldry must cease.- It had been hotter had Monsieur permitted mo to retire to bed." 'TKeii.you'nre.sufoitis n ghost— tho ghost of M! Fuuichoii; vto'H say," i " This tiriio Monsieur must permit me to wish him a good uight's rest." He bestowed on mo, as his manner was, a stiff inclination of tho head, which would have led a stranger to suppose tlint we had met each othorforthe first time not ten 'minutes ago, instead of being tho acquaintances of tivolve good years. He moved across the room. "St. Servan, ono moment before you go! You are surely not going to lenvo a man aloiie at the post of porii." . "It is better that Monsieur Bhoulil come too."'' ' '' ' "Half a second, and I will.' I have only oho remark to liiuko, ami that is to tho ghost;' I rose from , my seat. St. Servan made a hiilf-niovpraeut toward tho door, then changed 1ib mind and remained quite stili.. ... — irthom ts any othof person with 'us til tlie" room, runy I ask flint person to lot us hear his voice; or hers ? . Just to speak ouo word." Not a sound. \ Tf. i« rinnttilxln— -T nm nrniifiintnil with tlm laws which govern'- oh — ghosts — thnttlio/acuity of Bpeuch is denied to them. If that be so, might I ask for tho fuvour of a sign— for 'instanco, movo a pioco white my friend and I are stauiling wlioru wo are." Not a sign ; not a chessman moved. " Then, M. Fuuichon, if indeed it be you, and you are incapable of spoech or ovon of moving a pleco or your own accord, and are only alilc to spoil our gaino, I beg to inform you that you are an exceedingly ill- mauuorcd and foolish person, nud had far hotter havo staid away." As I said this I was conscious of a currcut of cold air before my face, ns though a swiftly- moving hand had sliuved my cheek. "By Jove, St. Servan, soraething has happened nt last. 1 believe our frieud tho ghost lias tried to box my cars !" St. Sorvuu's reply c.nuu quietly stem. " I think it were bettor that Monsieur camo with mo." For some reason St. Sorvan's almost con temptuous coldness fired my blood. I bocamo suddenly enraged. " I shall do nothing of tho kind ! Do you think I niti going to. bo fooled by a trumpory conjuring triok which would disgrace a shilling Buuuco ? Driven to bod at this time of day by a ghost ! And such 11 ghost ! If it wero sonm- thingliko n ghost one wouldn't mind; but a fool of a ghost liko this !" Even ns thu words passed my lips I felt tho touch _ of fingers agaiust my throat. The toucli increased my rage. I snatched at them, only to find that there was nothing thore. " Damn you!" Icried. "Funichon, you old fool, do you think thut you can frighten mo ? You soo thoso chessmen ; they are mino, bought and. paid for with my money— you dare to try and prevent ine doing with them exactly \- 3 Again tlio touch against ray throat. It mulH mv rago tho more. " As I live, I will them 11II to pieces, und grind them to powder beneath my heel." My passion was ridiculous — childi&i.; ovon. Hilt then tho circumstances were exasperating — unusually no, ono might plead- I bras , :l"d' ing three or four foot from tho table. 1 l"1'"' forward. As I did so, a haml was fosteucd on my throat. Instantly it was joiued by another. They gripped me tightly. Thoy maddened mo. With a madman's fury I still pressed forivuru. I might as woll havo fought with fate. They elulcLed rac as with bands of steel, and flung ine to the ground. AVIran I rocoyored consciousness I found St. Sorvan bending ovor mo. . ... T " AAliat is the matter ?"' I inquired, When I found that I was lying on tho floor " I think you must havo fainted. "Fainted! I never did such a thing in myj life. It must have boon a curious kind of faint, , I think" ' . 44 It wus a curious kind of fuint. ; With his assislunco I staggered to my teot. I fcit bewildered. I glanced round, pore wero tho chcRsmcn still upou tho board, tlio hauffini; 'lamp abovo. I tried to speak. I. seemed to have lost tho uro of my tonuuo. . n, silenco he helped roo to tbo door. IIo half led, half carried mc—for I seemed to havo lost tho, use of iny feet as woll as that of my tonyuo to joy bedroom. Ho oven assisted mo to uudicss, t ».11T IifttwPGU IIlO HliOCtS. IJWVUr lunvuiy mu »»- — .. . AH tho time not a word was spoken. When ho went! boliovo ho took tho key outsido and locked the door. .,(T That was a night ot dreams. I know not if 1 was awako or sleeping, but all sorts of strango things presented themselves to my mental eve. I could not shut them from my a»ght. Ono ilguro was prominent in all I saw— thu figure of a man. I know, or thought. 1 kuew, that it whs M» Funichon. Ho was a lean old man, and what I noticed chiefly wero his hands. Such ugly hands I In somo fantastical way 1 ' seemed to bo contending with them all through Antfyetin the morning when I woko— for I did wako up, aud that from as swcot, re freshing sleep as ono might wish to havo — it was all gono. It was bright day. The sun was shilling into the great, ilbfuniished room. As I got out of bed and began to dress, the humorous aido of tho thing had returned to rao again. Tho idea of there being unytlung supernatural about a sot of ivory chessmen ap- peared to rao to bo extremely funny. _ I found St. Sorvan had gone out. waa ucfually half-post ton! liis table dMifito at the Hotel do Uretagne was atolovcn, andl>eforo hu brcakfaatwl ho always took a petit vcrre at thu club. If hohad locked the door overnight ho had not forgotten to unlock it beforo he started. I wont into tho rambliug, barn-hko room which served us for a mlon. Thq_chcss men had disappeared. Probably St. Sorvnn had put them away— I woudorcd if tho ghost had interfered with Uiin. I laughed to mysolfasl s. ...k Cf vinrtmn pnntmirunrr wmib Wllk IttHVJT vw" "n with a ghost. _ . , ' . The proprietor of the Hutel do Brotagno is Lcgiumist, so all tho ariatocrats dine there of courso, St. Sorvan with tho rest, because, pre- Humably, tbo landlord's politics are congenial. As ! to his cooking it is upparcutly indif ferent— I novor know a worse tablo in all my' life! Tho landlord of tho HAtol de TEuropo may bo a Communist for all I care — his cooking is first>rato, so I go there. I went thoro that mooring. After I had' breakfasted I strolled off toward the Graudo Rue, to 2d. Bobincau. . Whon he saw mc, M. Bobincau was all smirks and smiles — ho must havo got those chessmen for less than flvc-und-twonty francs! I asked him if ho had auy more of tho belongings of M. Funichon . ' . , 44 But certainly! Thrcoothors sots of chess; mon.'1 \ ,, I didn't want to look at tliopo, apparcntlv Ann onf. uitiii niiltn nnciutrh for me, .Was that'oll iio had? 44 But no ! There was an ancient bureau, very magnificent, carved—1 " , / I thanked him— nor did I want to at that. Li tho Grande y'Ruo at Morlaix old bureaus - carved about ' tho beginning of tho ilftoonth century— if you listen to tho.vondors— are as plentiful as cobblestones. - v , 44 But I have all sorts of things of M. Fuuichou. It was I who bought them nearly' all. Books, papers, and — " . hi. Bobincau wived bis hands toward a mul titude of books and papers which crowded the shelves at tho side of his shop. I took a volume down. When I opened it I found it was in manuscript. . .. "That work is unique !' exclaimed Bobi- ncau. 41 It was tho intention al Ju. iumcnonco give it to tbc world, but bo died boforo his pur- poso was comploto. It is tlio record of all tho games of chess he cvor played— in fifty volumes; Monsieur will porceivo it is unique." I should think it was unujuo! In fifty volumes ! Tho one I hold was a largo quarto, bourn! in leather, coutaining somo six or soven hundred pages, and was filled from cover to cover with matter iu a fine, dear handwriting, writtou on both sides of tho page. I pictured the fuco of the publisher to whom it was suggested that ho should givu'to tho world such a work us that, I opened the voluino at tlio first pago, It was, as Bobincau said, apparently 'tlio record, with comments, of uu intorinuiablo series of gaincBof > chess. I glauced ut tho initial gatno. llerq are > tho opening moves, just as thoy were given there: — white. Queen's Knights Pawn, ono square. King's Kuight's Pawn, ono square. Queen's Rook's Pawn, two squares. King's Rook's Pawn, two squares. J SLACK Queen's Knight's Pawn, ono square; King's Knight's Pawn, ouo fequaro. Queen's Rook's Pawn, two squares. King's Rook's Pawu, two Bquares. They. wero exactly, tho moves of tho night before. They wore such peculiar moves and mado under such poculiar circumstances that I was scarcoly likely to mistake them. So far as wo had gone, St. Scrvun nud I, assisted by tho tinscou huna, had reproduced M. Fuuichon's iuitial ganio in tho first voluino of his fifty— and a very peculiar gamo it scorned to be. I asked Bobmeati what ho would t'ako for the volume which I hold. 44Monsiour percoivcs that to part thorn would Httntl Min Rnfc. which is tininuo. Mousinut Rlmll liuVo tlio whole fifty" — I shuJderoil. I iimijjmo Bobinoau can I dill, lio spoko so very quickly— "for a tivo-fraiio pioco, lvliioli'is less tlian tlio value of tlio paper anil tho binding." I know thou that ho had probably liccn paid for carting the rubbish uivny. , However, Ipaid him his flvo-fra'nc pioco, mid iniirchod off with tlio volume under my nrm, giving liim to imdor- atanrl, to liis evident disappointment, tliut at my loisuro I would giro him Instructions as to tho other forty-uiuo. \- As I went along I thought the mutter ovor. M. Fuuichou Boumod to havo boon a singular kind of mau — ho appeared to havo carried his singularity ovon boyond tlio grave. Could it havo lioen tlio cold-blooded intention of his ghost to make ub play the whole contents of tho fifty volumes through ? -AA'hat a iiond oi a ghost his ghost must ho ! I openod tho Yolumo and studied tho initial ?:amc. Tho qiooplo wore right who had said that ho mau was mad. Nono but ail imbocilo would havo played such 11 gamo— his right hand against his loft ! — and nono Imt a raving madmiui would ' havo recorded hi. ImbociUty in- black mul whit ej us though it wero a thing to ho proud of ! Cor- taiuly nono hut a criminal lunatic would havo endoavourod to foist liis pucrilo travosty of tho game and study of choss upon two iauocont Still, the thing wus curious. I flattered my self that St. Sorvnu would lie startled whou he saw tho contents of tho book I was carrying homo. I resolved that I would instantly got out tlio cliossmou und begin e another game— porhaps tho ghost of M.' Funi chon would favour us witli a further exposition of his idoas of things, I ovon nmile tip my mind that I would communicate' with tlio Psychical Research Sooioty. Not at all improbably thoy might thiuk tho caso suffi ciently romnrltublu to sond down a morabor' of thoir body to inquire into, tho thing upon tho spot. I almost began to hug myself oil tho possession of a ghost, a ghost, too, which might bo iuduood to perform at will— almost on tho priuciploof "drop a coin into tho slot and tho figures movo!" It wus choap at a hundred francs. AATJiut n stir tbqso chessmen still ini"ht rnako ! AA'hlit vnxntl wrnhlnma H, .... ... ;?.i. . solvo! Unions I was muoli mistaken, tho ox- pondituro of thoso hundred francs lmd placed mo oil tlio royal road to immortality. Filled with such thoughts I reached our rooms. I found that St. Servan had returned. AVith him, if I may say so, ho had brought his friends. Such friends! Yo Goths! AA'heu I opcuod tho door tho first tlung that grootod mo was a strong, not to say suffocating, smell of inoenso. Tho room was filled with Birioko. Aflro wushlaziur oil tho ho.ntli. Boforoit was St. Sorvau on his knoes, liis hands clasped iu front of him, in an attitudo of prayer. By him Btood a priest in his robes of oillco. IIo hold what seemed a postio aud mortar, whoso con tents ho was throwing by hnndfuls into tho Homos, muttering somo. doggerel to himself tho white. Bohlnd wuro "two acolytes, With uifc clouu faces nud nico white stolos, who wore swinging censers— honco tho odour which filled tho room. I was I beh-'.d all this. They appeared to bo holding some sort of religious service- and I hod not borgaiucd for that sort of thing when I had arranged with St. Sorvan to shore tho rooms withhim. In my surprise I unconsciously m- torruptod tho procoodmgs. , " St. Sorvan ! AVbatovor is tho moaning of St! Sorvnn lookod up nnd tho priost loofe round-that was all tho attention tboy paid to roo. Tho acolytes oyod mo with what I con- coivod to bo a gim upon their faces. But 1 wasn't to 1)0 put down liko that. " I must ask you, St. Sorvan, for un cxplana- Tho priost turned tho mortar upside down rand ompticd tho romaiudor of .its contents into : tho fire. " It is finished," ho omd. . St. Sorvan roso from his kneos and crossoa havo oxorcised tho demon," bo ob- " You havo what ?" I naked. ' _ , " AYo havo driven ont tlie ovil spirits which pOBS<)Mod tho cheMinon.'i , , . , I gasped. A dreadful thought struck mo. " You don't mean to Bay that you havo durod to play tricks with my property ?" " Jlonsiour," said tho priost, " I have ground it into duat." , , Ho hod. That , fool of a St. Servan bad ac tually fetched his parish priest, and his iwoly tee. ami theii ceuscrs, and between them thoy nou performed a comminatory Borvico mado and provided for tho driving out of demons. hod ground my ivory chessmen in thojpcstlo and mortar, and then uuniea inem m cuu me. this in tho days of tho Psychical Research Society ! And thoy had cost mo a hundred francs! And that idiot of a ghost had novor atrctchcd out a band or uoid a word. — I'M vorfb hill Magazine. 