. r ji«t>. H #HE r N %E ! WEREB0YS. JO JOHN DIM-ON—IS MEMOEY OP ANJCIOUS TBAE8 AKD GI.0BI0US HOPBFL. CHAPTER XXV.—(Continued.) BY WILLIAM O'BRIEN, M.P. HE toot out of its envelope in his breast-pocket a letter stamped -with the florid green crest .and daring.motto, .'To Arms I' of the fig Dublin, and M*'** ^ciphering ^ following note In the weird, hermetic pbaHkptents.wittob fcfce as sacred- to critic ai the symbols of their prescriptions are to doctors :— ' Office of the X : Y Z St. 'Dublin, 4th October, 186—. • Confidential. 'Dear Sir,—Your ballad has.made a stir. It evinces qualities so uneotamon tbat I am tempted to write in the hope of.stimulsting ybnto other aind systematic work in the same direction. For one reason or another, 1 our movement has sadly lacked literary inspiration. The base Parliamentary agitators have made men sick of the very names of eloquence and poetry, and have, set them busyforging firebrands and looking up rifles instead. Besides, ours is so rudely democratic an uprising, that the cultured class shrink from soiling their silks and velvets in such rough company, and our storm? youfig democrats, in revenge, rage against mere intellectual graces as foppeiy and carpet-ware. I so strongly feel tbat no movement of national proportions can subsist long upon no better intellec- tual problem than the pass-words and eabble of secret lodges, that I have time and again revolved plans for lighting a more generous flame in the youth of the country, and giving our' movement an outward and.;visible form* which would appeal to the pride of our race and the* respect of nations. If you can see your way tp. rendering pae regular assistance to ifchai /end, in",whatever literary forth you mayoast-ycmr thoughts,-and whether here in Dublin or through the post, I h»pe-"'to be able" to suggest financial arrangements, ,whicb will bp satisfactory; and if you should chance to sknow of any others - whose-* literary gifts would be likely to further my views, I shall take it as an additional favour if you will kindly place jpe jn communication with thrift. 1 1 have directed our c»Bhj#r to remit for the ballad, and beg y<xd to believe me— ' Ytours very faithfully, 4 . • — ' ' Our disease is the same—suppressed fever. The remedy is action-action, with a dash of inspiration in it; and Ken Rohan, while the other toiled through the editor's gnarled penrwork. •It's the very thing for you as well as me. You can turn off these things as fast as a s»ith<«ai|r;«nake,t sparks; fly.i You can wrap our Juggle-in'fflitteSring robes of «wit and fancy, enough to daazle Bagdad. Sir, we shall scatter brightness like a pair of sun-gods, and make an unsuspecting .world gape, too, I warrant, you. We shall touch an electric ^button millions'<x{ oi^r ikin; frept! pole to pole, will answe* with the sweetest music of their hearts. We will have a little' Grassmere of our own—why not " The as Lake , PoataSPV 1 W^ft^noj®? T J'elfews jna dayin'the fceathfer.fiBthey tell'pf "poor' Davis wdw J)iHon usdes the eiak-tr^ " And, then,; I' is byXM> means in the-pwtnerghip-T. .--vJ&lteiPift; my. grjwiblwg- oiA 'njg V»t- fa m; • had masterjdlttttB iU/Un^S** foWfldf itaj: for a moment satrp.,jnl' smile. 'My poor last,** iiaVthe-Oort p hias3mg.scles*i>f lu» ,onW waB'suppressea t^pe s carfced away ^Ihfc^ditotii* iaiRichehaigei TOth .. r treas«av- • ' • The r ®^ Kefi'Ebhan ssid potog- Biding' in^^ M ^ ^ b e t ^ ^ horror.^rt th^^e^nje Aoiua^^^^ button or a coin over the heart, and leave otily*»%ot sttMt,' lt s raight hafff dpath-jwourifl. He Sprang to his feet: 'By Jove!'he cried, 'I musn't give the governor that crow. I will have to lay hold of that cheque, by hoot or crook. Come!' ' Willingly,' if you will only tell me whither,' said the other, bewildered and haggard. 'To the devil, If one could get there without so many disgusting formalities. I wonder what better could two fellows like you and me do than walk into old Dargan'g back parlour, clap him pur revolvers to the head, and golF"^ note"s What else iV thailittl thatlittie e poTiceman'doing policeman P i What else has ,the, old harpy himseJlf, been'dofhg all : Ms fife? ' PAtsyDrlscoll's lugger would Pftt ug across to France, in a clin d'oiil, he idded, 1 with' i harsil, bantering laugh. ' The Glen school of poetry is getting on—the Glen sogers in a new sphere of iniagination a's gaol-birds,' laughed Ken Rohan, who, soothly,'wais too much Tapt in his own. thoughts to pay £he smallest attention ito' Kis friend's banter, and answered him by a process of what the physiologists call unconscious cerebration. 'En tout cas,gaol-birds,' said the other doggedly. 'The arrests in Dublin are eri masse. There is to be a special commission.' 1 'It looks like business,' exclaimed Ken, with sudden animation. ' Depend upon it, the Government would not have struck only that we're on the eve of stirring days. It was perhaps a race who should strike first, fcnd now comes the striking back,' ' Our hearts are mighty, our skins are whole, and burnt sack will be the issue, my friend—it is always the conclusion of " Freedom's Battle " in your Ireland. We lack the Queen's English most puissantly—you others, as well as I.' ' That's ridieulous, and it's unjust,' erifi ]£$), jhojJy. ' Yop don't, seriously, dream that all this fermentation of a ruce—these young peasant armies that Spring up every ..moonlight .night—rthe militia regiments—ayj even the regulars that we hear yelling our choruses—the American flotilla—the war-worn Captain Mike MacCarthys that are swarming over in every American steamer—rthat all this is going to vapish softly as a mountain mist, merely because the Government has made a descent on a newspaper office and laid the editor by the heels?' * ^STo—not if the rest of your calculations are as substantial,as,.that Elysium which you have, planted J|or the Glen Poets. ^^ith .the munifiqenqp" of a Bon t)ieu.' ' ' By George, was, there ever such an eaTthquake;shbck for our poor paradise of pleasure ! • W ell > sir » we ' Te only got to turn out like Adam and make the best of it. Or rather, why should we give up our paradise at all without a tussle for itP Ho doubt the flowers will get a ,bit,bruise,d. if,we>e ,got to,.plough our. Elysian fields with .cavalry-charges and cannon- wheels; but it is not at our age that fellows object to a burst of riflemusic; in thfir-. heaven bj . way , of psalmody. The case is just this. If this swoop in Dublin means immediate action—why, then, .we're, saved the, trouble of thinking—it'^e " Up, and away, my merry» merry men ! Roderick vich Alpine Dhu,, ho,, iero!", -If.t-he tijneis pill; Tt j IS a, IUUUW — . pens while, the swords.are fashioning But come along, and I'll tell you what I mean..' Why,-what.^ d^ce w.the matter wi£h,ypu, Jao^P'^ „ ^. The f TT^T—ninor ir '^rudder wbuld iel,, JtiuMel*' liajblea»uui®u. Wouldn't it Joe jnp Tiatn o&riquBif-;— Hstill Qffderfhe ehadn ofsjthft Weird fliitiWi r~ iWtth«d Ken^-araoewing .lhis .'vbiaitte frienid 5 ® unafeon^inedni«»AMce rwiihr^-wonder, Taut WerHtaatered l^r^iis owai clamorous thou|fetprtW»iU'iBoareely be^n'tirilft tsy«diarini<tinfernal ehteqae. By the wayj 1 why shoulin't tbe governor TOddealy <fefi"com- B«BiBg with hipself. "Poor old dad ludii^t had too -ii^ t joUy'jnfiments lately The triumph of about poetry and rebellion wi fltTf ^w^lWr 1 ^ AJwUrM Ms crow l I'm not onT 1 Tiave the^lEst' of the _euittj eheaxwta3ceB rack.ai epublic gets into working order! ome, and I'll tell yod m et's be off and find the captain/ ., U ' Par hasard, you will findhim in the M ountry eaol' ' Then we mil find him there!' ! aughed Ken, and he dashed down the ' ountain, taking boulders atod quag-j mires steeplechase fashion, in away that ; caused Snipe's black muzzle and short ail to prick tip as at sight of a paradise ; f rats while he bounded after him. „ . ,, . , . ' They found the American captain ithout going so far afield (or shall we say a-dungeon P) M the county gaol. , He was studying the Stop Press .edition with the aid of ah enormous black; cigar in the dingy back shop in which Mat Murrin, hjte a Jupiter in jhis shirt; sleeves,'was hammering out his thunders for that night's Manner. 'Just dropped in to tap the editor's wires,' said Captain Mike. ' News purty niftey, hey, sonnies P Straight without sugar, hey, boys P' It,was the first time tame Xen Ken Rohan had ever penetrated the recess of Mat s : cloudy Olympus ; and his wonder and awe m these mysterious regions acted, as the thought of the cheque had done, as a : S:LiStXtrenUoln d y d r eadt impressions. In those days, at all events, the operations by which a newspaper came into being and was. ^ sped upon its wondrous work was - sufficiently enveloped in mystery to render the floor of a newspaper offipe holy ground to an imaginative country schoolboy. His eye rested with an entirely new degree of reverence upon Jupiter Tonans determinedly squared out before a great blotched' slip' of printing-paper and a half-finished tumbler of whiskyand-water, while a youthful scion of t.he editorial family squatting on the floor beside his chair was in vain endeavouring, by pinching his trousers and monotonous vocal performances of a funereal character, to awaken its stern parent to a petition for ' a penny for bull's-eyes^' He took in with „ much respect the cloud-capt window panes, crippled furniture, .and. d4bris^ of Jfgged ledgers, hieroglyphic ' proofs," jofy-print-, ing bills, tobacco pipes, newspaper exchanges, and household odde-andpnds (including Mrs. Murrin's walkingbonne 1) which, adprned the sanctuary and sniffed up the vague,; m'ouldy smell of paste, printing-iuka, and potting newspaper files, as a sweet incense peculiarly acceptable to the nostrils of £he masses. It was impossible to resist the temptatioh to skip, into the printing office, which was as vfsible as anything could be through the nebulous window of Mat's throne-room ; and here our young • friend gazed iii silent awe at the boxes of types at rest in their various compartments like an innumerable' army, asleep in their encampments—so still, and yet with such a wonder-working potency to arise and conquer the world ; and he listened intently while Noble Nolan, the foreman, explained to him how the tiny metal soldiers were put together and went forth to ,the puwhin&jfpom; jin.^ll. their panoply; and', he .heaid the snort of Mat Murrin's squall donkey-engine as if it were a wild spirit getting up steam to fly through the , toof and through the civilised world presently on those ' wings of the press.' .. His state of wonderment,was not los$ upon the editor,! who threw down his pen as if there was really nothing more for the pen of man or angel to add on the subject, and, filing r his, -qye-glass with majesty, said—' Singular the, power of the Press, isn't it? By the way, that was a very creditable thing of yours in the X young Rohan—I should fay, devilish creditable/ ; Shouldn't, Ve t spr-, prised if 'twa^ that ErpughA,th«. Govern., ment down on..them.. Why ..'not try little thing, an occasion^ s^intjlUuof sq, for the Banner.'? ' We are fjlways anxious to encoBfagg, local t^9t (iiLthe- Banner. t don't. ff(ih^i^.,they, suppress r me,'nipt a TblasjieiW"".,!.^.-,.^ ; s; 'n, Vi .»' By G^orge, thM' Wa# tbe yery thkig I came here tp tpr<>poge^.' wiid, young Rdhan, whoiA-Mift's-jaHy' Sarnal voice-at once recalled from cioudland. ' And^if Captain Mike onlyiagr«e» .in&i; me, airy we'll make the Banner its old wings in a way that will astonish ••Dram.' shaughlin.' • " '" J ' ' jUoy8ia, darling,' - s^id' Mat to the; grimy little , ehernb at bii side, ' tell your' ma—tumblers,; lovey, tumblers,'— a commisBion'whichthetg. Lb.riuhedto execute with all the "more expedition that, »s the next' best tiriftg! tyis, she had jaat^aaaOcd^ ju^ apget^i, the contents of the iiik-b9,ttlB over Mats leading article.' 'Mite, Mty jfiXtifc hei o&ce.;". ' Bless bbwiiin^. Udck elianxi wmcli his readers reoeiwa so many inky bo^ements, \' tia^j. flhild-'s. pa«sioni: l&eoary; work : J- imnatKraU 3 W afraid you rwon^ bb abte-^ readit, SdbleNolan/ ,'Bdon'tmatter,^s ir, said Noble NOIMI, eflfly doming off. theJ>uperfluo« ma, disappeanng with a h hich seemed to indicate that reading at 8 M S under 111 ' 1 eclipse was but a light additional item m the eitraorinary dnties of Mat Murras foreman, ompositor, machine-boy, job-printer, ccountant, advertising agent, Ml-diploatist,_ and, m general, Cabinet Minister- '-*aiting. „ ' Now, young Rohan! said Mat, reeadjusting the eye-glass and tne dit0 J ri a l chair in a m^re affable manner, eding to charge aclay pipe and d^pj e f ed t obacco- pouch around. hiis enu enfcouriged 0^4eed XeA Kefl ;Rohan unfolded is scheme, having first elicited Captain ike's opinion that the Dublin arrests ould not be' allbwed to' force the leaders nto immediate or premature action. ' I on't know a darned bit myself,' he said. I only know my orders is to freeee on ight here till further orders, and I'll reeze. There are fools at head quarters | J. f anythi n g,' ' he UAMWAaivmH groaned, with nrifh recol-ection8 hig* awn £ d revo lver and unaid hotel-bill, ' but I guess they ain't • j be prepared for a S ]j22a« d of thig BOrt . we ain't B-g to ge^rushed, I reckon, till,the boys from the other side are signalled.' In that case, young Rohan's plan was, briefly, that the work of the suppressed newspaper should be taken up, and the confidence of the organisation maintained, by a journal of which he was ready to assume the risky honours of director. One openly printed within each of the castle would not survive a econd issue. His notion was that Mat urrin's printing office should be vailed of for the purpose. A district so. sequestrated would be the last in the sland suspected of being the fountain f a revolutionary newspaper propaganda. The carters from the Cork Breweries could convey the edition in barrels, that would pass as returned mpties; and from Cork the railways ould, send the paper flying like the fiery cross from shore to shore of Ireland. The Banner would continue to wave on ts own account over the local battleinent8; i but Mat would, of course, be worshipped with divine honours as the undivided and indivisible Cloud- Compeller of the firm, while youfig Har&ld; and young Rowan were to pour nt the treasures, of their, capacious intellects weekly, in coruscations of patriotic passion, song, wit, and story, in the secret press. ' Yes, but, by. all the boodlers an £he< Sixth. Wards I'm going to chip in too, young f ellars!' sang out the Captain, in high glee. ' I kin turn a rale tony yarn with any of the boys on this bar. Just send round your shorthand man to take me on. Why I wasn't scalped 1 at M'Gahan's Gulch by them red-Soo- divrils, or by the Nigger Ghost of the Rappahannock—guess you. don't come on a strike like that this side. No, While these plans "were in oourse of development, Mat Murrin had vanished incontinently , at certain rumblings of ^female thuniier. (so to speak) on the kitchen staircase; and the plotters could hear,' amidst their own eager colloquy, fragments of another stifled exchange of views from the depths:—e.g. (in damaged but high' soprano) * An unpardonable. pld fool'—(in tenore the least m the world, roiusto) ' Eliza, my love, really'—(sop. con spirato)' gadding about with the young spree-boys in place of putting a decent stitch of^ clothes on the b«wsl|s. of children'-—(ten.-ral.) f there* now—thank you, my heart's jewej-rthe decanter,: '—after which, preceded. ,by. a , iight.oscillatory echo, Jupitor emierge<| from his clotyj, serenely b%Axin^ a litfle tray of glasses with a fl^-jowled decanter of spints. , . . '.Thetzesomroes. of this establishment ari at you? se^vise, i gentlemen* as. long t*#«Si o£;fch®*ol& Banner flying,- said> the-Bditoiyu he distributed the ^spmts ^in» serie8«filarge«hearted, i>ir, ashe wrnriW nhimsalf. Isay fhmkoolaeh spills.-- <' yoq. • see • it's all: a 'question ot ha'p^nae^daciB thrtifaaaneha'penoe! Jlwiffc; was : right—this would fie the , J^pyiestr'littlB.nopuntiry in the world if ^bhi things \were never invented.; Bat ^hJrtt; they - axe—the mean little -copper jijtilinsinniiit nn rather, faith, there they ar^n:'t,forl may impKrt to you, gentlemeb,lkr^oafld6heei tint I'm no more in s poditimi'to start a* newspaper, privately or littlei at this inoment th^i to' laundi ia fleet of irdnclads into Bantry Bay to sweep British oonUneroe -fgeh»vtia» Jbri^irinrBTer 'ettelfatat both ' be.^WhAt ia it Nolaxii: he demaaded, with ...^uiiy, > as tlw .-foraihn Te>appeairi3d at ihri ghjis door.of tfxe pri&tibg; tifficw wiiih. a'-jtSgmT expression pf ^omitenannw. . '. {The staff won't sWt it.-lw-'thWj'Tefiso to kit 'M^^^Jatiaif' the MS^-cbf 'S:^ toaAwwoi <leK®ng 1 What, can't oijik« toe ottt in the ttarfi," AP—tuM 'tip' theix -tonr irt'ai blotch of ink, the, rascals,do they ? Well, I suppose we.must re-inditp the, legend for the rogues.' . , «lt isn't that, sir. Thesfcaff say they won't bring out the Banner unless they get their wages down.' ' The staff say that, do they thundered Jupiter, arising in; his •wrath. ' The staff say, they wpu't bring out the Banner—they'll let it,drop mthefaceof the enemy—they'll let it drop, and he damned to them! Noble Nolan, this is rebellion foul and unnatdral—alU abhorred rebellion, sir. Tell the staff on barren mountains shall we starve ere we redeem the traitors from pur.cofierSi Tell the staff tpget ttam .^theircases or to,get them "to thp "devil. J, ... „ , The foreman, stood scratqhinj; his head in a mildly _ suggestive manner. r Tis coming on five o'clock, sir, andl m afraid we may lose the post/ he said, gently. •' Upon my soul, We> just' may, 'most Noble Nolan ^ we just'may; :as ytra remark,' said Jupiter, laying down the' sceptre of the skies and imbibing', a mouthful of the whisky-.and - water. ' What's to be done, ancient comrade, eh? You might drop round and collect that little thing of old Dargau's for the magistracy and the weddingcharge him election rates, a shilling a line, the thundering old thief.-'• • ' I collected that early this morning, sir, for the missus. I believe the butcher wouldn't send the chops,'he added in a confidential undertone. 4 Ha, domestic treason, too! Well, let us inspect th^ books,' said Mat, running his fingerr down the well-thumbed pages of an anarchical old ledger. ' Now, there's that double-ad. of The Drumshaughlin Crystal 'Palace—thirty shillings an insertion. Oh ! I forgot—the Crystal' Palace is in the Court. Why the devil weren't we in the Court ourselves long ago, Noble Noltra, and whyu didn't we come out of it as rich as Begumspf—that's what I want to know.. You. couldn't manage to get the Town Clerk to back a little bill on the security of the next quarter's account for the Commissioners' ad/—nop 1 ' ' 'Tried him last week, sir—said the Commissioners mightn't like it if it oozed out-.' '.Never much good in that same Town Clerk since he took the pledge—the Banner will have to flap a protecting wing or so over our corporate institutions, I'm thinking. K.L:M.—" McGrudder-^stop"—ay, the gold-spectacled Italian old son of a Sabine, " stop," as I hope whenever he gets a distinct view of heaven he'll stop there! N.O.P.—running perilously low in the alphabet, as I'm a Gentleman of the Press; Staythat damned auctioneer hasn't -dtnmped' Up y e t—» low fellow, with two publichouses, and a sketch of a farm, besides the auctioneering. Not a sixpence, aud two months overdue." ' I called to him three times last payday, sir. and got nothing but the height im-ptcW-ence from him, with respects, to you/ said the meeV foreman, showing that even meek foremen have' their feelings, like the gods and rich auctioneers with two public-houses and a sketch of a fqrm. ' •The height of im-pidd-ence, you did —did you? Noble Nolan, we'll roast that auctioneer—we'll baste him finely in his own gravy—and we'll distribute the joint among the staff, sir, in platefuls, or what's better still/in bottlefuls. Just attend to me. This is an order from me on the auctioneer's .pub; for whisky and porter to the value of one pound sterling, which, according to xny reckoning, comes to sixty glasses: best John Jameson, or, one : hundred: and tweiity pints J. .J. Murphy j& Co.'s porter, to be charged against my account. Givethe blackguard, one more, chance, and, if..he .won t pay up, send down the. staff- on- him, as.soon as they've got out the Bawnerr—let .them call for liquor galore And make a nightof it, and present this note of minein paymen t.for. it all; and-if-he-objects,you -may. mention to the iBtaff thai; I.won't deduct anything' from ' their wages if ;they,leave that slug of a fellow; an eye ori two as black as my.MS.iua mild way ;and shouldn't object if a .few of the decent neighbours were caUedinjust to take, pot -hick an the entertainment, dei you* mind P . There,, now, my delicate Ariel, my tricky -spirit, i.go-,. eharge,iny goblinfi that theygrind' his jointa-%l\e'dieight>Qfi lm-pidd-anoe; -did he, the suhSwcnatural bosihoonf..^>we'lL.liaafcr'hi«iii Sftttediy.* Depart;iNoble • Nolan, and^tell tie -itbye for Heavenfa sake -to hurry. nip.wifch>thjat< ar ticle^thia really wouldii jfcibe ia, couniScy mg. o^— . , - .,• • The^a^ig^i spffitypuush?) £ sign : mia«i^t ^fjiftugh/41 A - ... altogether a phenomenal episode tran^ftjtiQRs nr^srnv-w w^ro -/.'fii iui mfije ^ ;wftys, my heavy corse oa fortune that our. .purges weren't in the way to go oh active service,' said the American Captain, who had b§en a highly edified ana sympathetic student of the Banner's commercial system. 'Oh, they'll fetch that stingy old curmudgeon;. right enough, you'll findeither that,, or we'll have fireworks and torchlight, processions when.,,the stiaff get'out/'said .Mat, resuming ..the eye-glass and his place in the councils of the nation. ' No, gentlemen, this slight interruption wasn't at all irrelevant, because it explained exactly what I was trying to convey. We couldn't clean out an auctioneer's pub. every week on a national '' scale, could WeP' said ' the Editor,"dnberidiD^ at latet info a 'sly chucfclb attd "Anther deep ' rhouthf&1' out? of his-tumbler. ' ' > s Young Rohan was prepared, of'course,- with a suggestion for the financial part: f the difficulty. The secret Press ould bfe ah indispensable part of. the rganisition. The organisation inust 'be repared 'to 1 undertake the prelirrtmfcry xpense. How could one small thousand' dollars of tens of thousands weekly subcribed in America be more faithfully invested for the advantage of the cause? He proposed that, fortified with credentials from Captain Mike, Jack Harold 1 ishould uiidfertlake a mission to- Dublin to communicate with the' chief-of the Sfeci-et Council with a tiirf to,' obtain the necessary funds, trad' acquire possession of the agents' book bf the suppressed journal, which would enable the new organ to start upon its wcirk immediately at ridiculously sm'a!ll cost to begin'with ^ abd, once launched on its career, the returns would riot merely recoup the initial expenditure, but bring in an amply sufficient revenue to Remunerate the publisher and the contributors. The scheme, advocated with all' Ken's sanguine and impetuous rhetoric, carried all before it, and the friends thrashed it out affectionately in all its possible and impossible bearihgs, until the golden contents of the flatjowled decanter had given place to cold white 'vackfcc'y' — '(like a bright soul emptied ' bf rich life, a process with which decanters are familiar)—and until certain fioritureof the damaged sopranoon the staircase again .made Jupiter Tonans paler than he had grown in presence of the ultimatum of the stiaff. (The staff, for their pdtt, were all this time setting away like me'fi ; whoise every stickful of the Banner's views iU solid type brought them a, hundred yards nearer to the bung of the auctioneer'8 whisky-casks.) ' I think,. captain,. you'd betther remain where you are till I skirmish up the' stre&t; a bit. I don't like the way thim J bbbbies are hoverin'/ said Con LehaUe;the stone-tiiBSon, putting in his honest mug and massive shoulders frbm the shop with the air of a mastiff on duty. Ken Rohan strolled back to the mill, in a state of exultation, in which he was prepared to welcome his father's "banter about the- profession of poetry With the mostfilial indulgence; and was astounded to find that unaccountable old millet take him brusquely by the hand, as a rough dog might take a child's, and never make the ' smallest' reference to the cheque 1 o* "to ; the'fkte of the revolutionary organ; on the ' contrary, 'Sifter dinner, for the first time since the ominous word ' Fenianism* was breathed in the household, he related how he Lad. once made a journey, to Dublin to ^ee John Mittthel"'about a' consignment of. pikeheWrt, and how grandly Mitdhel'S' dark'hair cftiBtei-ed over® his forehfead. The-twt> young men' had 1 parted with 'the' understanding thatJack Harold was to ; start onhjs Dublin embassy by ..the morniie 'mail-p^ fortified with ,ten Boveireigh? 'aid "some shillings, which Ken Rohan had'baiiked With his mother, since his early - 'child 1 daj^ as a fortune f<ir tittle Katie,' and to which that reckleia' 1 young lady proposed secretly to add tW Sovereigns of her own, the proceeds of two consecutive years'priees for ' bestgeneral conduct' while under the wing of darling bM Mother'Rosalie.' The , prospect of 'a journey to Dublib,' rather than anyother aspectofthe undertaking, had'put ambassador^ih high good- 'huinaur,. and;-hegrasped Ken Eohan's hand buoyantly, .whispering—* 1 ' The ioul mi^lnight' ha^s Have - sung ^theii.cfeiSwif 'du depart. They are gone.J You aregreater enchknter than they.' 1 ~ As 'he iralked away, he met Mr. Hatife ' Harman; m. . , •}!,.., ii :;.i/( . . .! i^Totbt xontinuedi) „ itf^epBtition, or wiifd < * BiUoUsnesd, : wnsOpktioB;«M|Ba^>4eiiilil7i-nUU<Uiflt<li:l io^ ki&ey; ixHimplaiiita, ace raU liableLtDv nqjeffi>|MA. MmbJm&S; WmWV.^oduate ^e; sure to eradicate-them. BvjAid'joii 1 obtain Wolfe't Bchnappt. 