ROMANISING' LITERATURE IN THE NEWCASTLE C. E. DIOOESE. . The Banner of Faith iB owned and issned, by an Order of Nuns in tbe Ohnrch of England:; styling themselves the. Eilburn Sisters : -The SiBters of the Ohnrch : and the Ohuroh Extension Association. Among the lessons for children in Sunday Schools, are to be fodhd the undermentioned teachings. Are they the' teachings of the Ohnrch of England ? The same organization also' issue the following Magazines : " A Manual for the Children of the Church " ; "Our Annual " ; " The Gleaner " ; and " Echoes." The teach ings of the whole of these are, without exception, those oontained in the Romanizing Gateohisms discovered to be on sale at the 'Diocesan Book Depot, Morpeth, and in nse in St. Paul's Ohnrch of England Sunday Sohool in West Maitland. The teachings contained in- the Banner of Faith , are these : — " Where can we worship God worthily ?— In church, especially at His altar. Of the ..Virgin Mary, the Mother, of God — Why it is neceseary to call the Blessed Virgin the Mother of God? — To proolaim the honour of her Son. How does the Saviour now exercise His offioe as a prieBt ? — In his Ohnroh, on His altar. Practical -thoughts about the dead— We ought not to disquiet them. We may help them by our prayers. They surely are help ing us. Persons with whom we may have com munion — The faithful departed. We must pray for them. How can the saints on. earth and in Paradise mutually help each other? They can at least pray for one another. When are we bound to be in charity with all;men ?— When we come to the altar. What do we then get ? Ihe body and blood, the - soul and the Godhead of oar Savioar; , \- How are we made one with God ? — God is in Christ, Christ ia in His Sacraments ; His Sacraments are in us, therefore God 'iB in ns. In what" way does peace bomb ?— From God, for the sake of Christ', by the Holy Ghost, through His priests. How may Obristians' represent God ? We may make pictures and statnes of our Lord Jesus Christ." The following hymn taken from the "Manual for the Children of the Ohuroh" will give some idea of its' teachings : — , I worship Thee, Lord Jesn, . Who, in Thy love divine, . Aft Biding here Thy Godhead In forms of bread, and wine. V Tb e. bread becomes Thy Body, -:V : 1 ' The ,wino. becomes Thy Blood. 0 kow can man be worthy ; Of such celestial food ? , . r 1 must, with fear and trembling, In admiration bow, For Thou, O Blessed Jesus, Art on the Altar now. Take' another hymn, from the same manual, and you . will at once detect its deadly error : — YeB,. I am going to God's priest f. To tell hini all my sin, And from this very hour I'll strive A new life to begin. !. .When I confess with contrite heart . , ... My sins unto the priest, : I do believe from all (heir guilt ' That moment I'm released.. I go, then, with a humble heart, ' To have my sins forgiven, And angels, while I kneel, will Bing A hymn of joy in heaven. < Such is the teaching given to the young by the Eilburn Sisterhood at this very hour. Take another sisterhood. The Sistere of St. Margaret's, East Grinstead, in the diocese of Ohidhester, are industrious disseminators of Mariolatry. In a book edited by this sister hood, entitled " The Night Hours of the Churob," ah editor's note informs hs that the book is simply an nnabridged and unaltered translation of the Roman Breviary. This book, says the editor, has been carefully brought into accordance with the Latin original. It contains an office for the dead, special lessons for the festival of St. Thomas- A-Becket, services for tbe Popish Oorpns Christi Day, and hymns addressed to the Virgin Mary. It seems that, to quote the - words of Mr. Orby Shipley, spoken before his perversion to the Ohnrch of Rome, "The restoration of religious life would stabilitate our conquests over Protestantism," and, to quote ' the author of; " Oratory Worship," "religious orders of men 'form the surest stepping-stones to the re-union of Christen dom." It further seems that the hymns quoted above indicate the object for which sisterhoods were established." This above is a copy of tbe leaflet that ohj action wbs taken to Mr. J. G. Chapman distributing in the Newcastle Synod. He bad a motion to propoke in reference to! it. Mr. Chapman is a thorn in the side of the saoerdotaliBts in the Newcastle diooese. 