DESPERATE GEM. STRATA A STORY IX THREE PARTS HIS FART. It was in Church that I saw her first, and I was attracted to her at once. SheJ!ook(-d so lovely, devout, and gentle, that my h'-.:rr. went out to her as it had never g<>ne out ru woman before. The sermon was very dull and prosy, but I \f;»S sorry when it was finished, so greatly d : d I enjoy gazing^at that pure, beautiful face. Of course I determined to make her acquaintance, and, j)o|::- : !!g h ><i: to uncle aa walked away by of tall lady in 1 a.-k'-d < -in- was. "Her nam'- \- j' -othv \".-me, : " he Sh.- is --pending a few weeks her,aunt, Mr-. Halyard. I supposa you tri know her !" laughing. 1 said Id id. and asked if he eonld introduce me. ile >aid he coiild ; that Mrs. Hal was an old friend, and 'that lie woul l me to call upon her the following even i . That was f he beginning. I very .soon beame a f-equent 'visitor at Mrs. Halyard's, Dorothy Vane and I spent several hours every day in rambling over the fields, ex-. the monntain-nooks, aud Lrather;ni, r flowers, ferns and leaves. My uncle, said ho was glad 1 was to find aniusem -lit—li>- had feared niv visit would prove ,!„ll. There was nothing 1! liii- iatii.n, h. averred, to kill time. It was e\ i leiit that h did noi iJ.,-1 ï«->-«- in tli." sincerity < ment. Dorothy is an orphan, and si; sister are wholly dependent upon ni i twin MUllt wh liv»- in Colchester. My darling dresses in I lie plainest mannei and has no oni.uucnts, no pretty ribhons. n leathers nor flowers mi her simplv straw hu; I take a great deal of pleasure in thlnkim of how I will 1. il her with rich she is my wife, 1 h:i lave liione nough i>•r both of us. I am glad she '. À iu..;i likes 'his wife to be depe Dorothy alwai.- talked to in her sister. \- You ought to sec [sab ! ".Kvi-ry one admires Isabel:" She was unconscious in h modest . of how «rreat!\ 1 dlilil-i-.l I. ;•>,'!• Slie 'VUS loVi-1-.- beyond c mi;i i .H'reai. dusky ey,- s. -pm-pl h pale, pure complexion, ml rippl!?!•_' ,!:u hair. But the . Halyard's ! •fore she was to leave M i •id. ,ev all I felt. and asked Î-, I'i be mv wif She 's ii .-- irprised. When I beyah t, speak she i- at me in à fri- i.'teiu-l, belia J Ilot fï- wildered way ' hat >h;>wed that r-he petted -uch in avowal trotn me. And wl.er I caught Into in my larms and die my heart, sli>- hid ber face , on an 1 bur.-! :nt<> t»-ars. \- Why do you wi-.-p, l>«>rothy .'" 1 asked. -• lîecause' 1 am so happy," she answe • "Do you really, really love me. Arnold . doesn't seem .-oarcely possible." '•1 love you with all my heart!" 1 I n; wen'd, fondlv. " It seem- so v. ry strange," she sa : 1. •• it had been Isabel. I would n jt liav • • urpri.-i'd : but I interrupted her with-;» kiss. '• 1 here is nothing .-traii.ire about it." T -a : . -'and I am sur- 1 f-ab.-l camio; ii- .>::.--i:] iovjlble Vour-eli'. She is -O. gay. So !iri-_'!it. . fa-.-'n i:'-i. -flid Dororhy : - while I " AL'-' :II I interrupted her." •-\"U are simply ]>--r : .'ect." I : •• y.«u mus'i't sayanything a»:ii-:—I mv f;ui wife- I positively forbid it." Slie laughed, the tear? still >;a:iii.;;g ,!i ! violent eye-. She went.h 'me th-- f >11 -,ving. (. alt. runn : ng up to thi.* cityaCt.-n l ne.— . I I'oilow,-' her to C'olc!i'-s only one hotel in tie- pi. i'.'•*. ) that I j.. up my quarters. W:-hitig to -urj.ri»- l> ,- • •thy. 1 had not written h-r <»f mv c niinu*. - • I had t ) inquire my way to her home. wh : .-!i was about half a mile frmn the vdl.-nre. 1 thought it a very pretty place, wi:li '•- \ me-Covered . Coitaire. o]d-fas1iioned 'vrar.b-'i. and heavily-laden fruit-trees, but the deiap'- tated fences, the .-ad need of paint on the out-buildiiig<. and the weed-grown p. hs t--i-1 me as plainly as words could have done that my darling's aunt was poor. As 1 stood a moment at the little gate, [ saw someone sitting under the -hade .if -i apple-tree not far away, and my hear; l^-iv-• a great bound as I recognise,I ih- ^r.-u-e!';; 1 tigure as that of -Dorothy. S!e- wa- s>> in. -nt on a book she held, that she did not hear my approach, and, stealing ."softly tip behind her, I threw my arms around her and kissed her again and again, on cheek», lips and dimf' ' chin, despite her desperate struggles. When at last I laughingly released her,-he turned upon me like a young fury. " How dare you y she cried, in a voice . ;' concentrated rage and loathing. •• How d.ir<yoti insultante .-•> !" " Wliv Dor-—"' 1 began in ama/eni"m. an . then stopjied, for as h -r great dark .-y.- tlashed upon me, I saw that they were black as midnight, and knew at once the mistake I had made. Thi- was Isabel—Dorothy's -econd self, in appearance, at last. Hut my Dorothy could never hav spoken so haughtily, could never hsrre looked so like a beautiful fury a- did her sister at this moment.. I hastened to explain, apoloej-cd and begged her pardon, and we were soon laughing together over 'the occurrence like old friends, though it was long before rhe flush entirely faded from Isabel's cheeks. Dorothy, was busy with some household affairs, and could not come out lo welcome me, her sister said. I could scarcely conceal my impatience, and wondered greatK- that Isabel did not go in and relieve her sister. I thought she ought to understand mv aii.\ ; --ty to -=ee Dorothy, from whom I had been ,-epar ated more than a week. Hat 1 know now that Isabel take- no pan in the duties of her aunt's household. She is only a beautiful ornament. It is on Dorothy that the whole machinery of the small estab lishincnt rests. It is Dorothy who burns her pretty face over the kitclieu stove in the prej paration of the meals ; Dorothy who waits on her querulous invalid aunt, and directs the work of the garden. My darling's hands are roughened with toil ; there is often a look of care on her smooth, white brow. I caught her darning a rent in an old carpet one dav. and several times, when I have gone to the cottagw early in the morning, I hare fourni her swtvpii and dusting the house, while Isabel <iics ;cd in white, with flowers irher hairsnd at her throat and waist, has waited my Ci ining pu the rustic seat beneath the old apple -tree. I, nskfd I 1er once whv she -lid not assist Dorothy, pon't inow how," she answered, an<!l she admiringly at her beautiful white •]i:i!i ;jii and tap'jring fingers, "and I jïon't i :t-:<• .fish-washing and sweeping. T am very différait from Dorothy:" . What * ill you do when Dorothv is gone r ' I .. k.'d. " i An iexprei.sion of such anguish came upon li.-r i|:K"c that I was sorry I liad asked the j:'i'•ctjion. I had £ net suspected until j then ; i |i'T lofe for her sister was so deep, or : ii;.! In 1 thought of Dorothy's marriage was in ii.4«ful tjr> her. ' •• you—you will not ?" she paused, ^trugwith Jier emotion " i am trying to pursuade j her to marry me ill <:>l'ti>ber.j 'ii' I said. Sin' sat tteforemc in utter silence a moment, ft k <)1 despair in her beautiful face ; then ro?e,|and ttvrit into the house. When I foli.nvi jl lier ja little later I found her ;it the jiiafuL Jilayjing a plaintive melody, her tears dropping fast on the yellow key,*!, the noon iiglilj shimmering on her dusky hair. vent cl "ljose to her and laid my hand upon i.iuld i foolish child,I said, thinking .•ay the gloom which oppressed h To my sirprisé, she rose from her seat and ered 1> indly across thé room, .re you ill, Isabel ?" I asked, springing to her a$?istan Sh fell sigh. I my arms with a long, gasping cannot bear it, Arnold—I cannot'bear 10 whi pered, hoarsely, will bring lier back to see you often, tail come to Eajfteswo$d _ r 1 Wr to j PWIJ stayr us whenever you like," I said, soothijnglr. s not is if she was going away froni you for eter, Isabel." | She tore herself from my arms, and left the room just as Dorothy entered by another door. She had been upstairs putting her runt to bed, I " All nlo ne ?"'she asked, Isnbel was here—she has just gone," I answered. j I ;<J nothing of Isabel's sorrow. Ï did not vjant tcj trouble or grieve my darling.. have fieri heard of the strange sympathy .«istjiiff U' ween twins. I»ng ngo some one told in.' story of a girl who had died in «on- M-quencc <>ij a separation from a twin-brother. This story 'ins occurred to me frequently since night the j I.IIlo. «hen I found Isabel weeping at Yet, I cannot give Dorothy up. 1 Î thn I have done Isaliel great injustice, Ï Iw e nev« r liked h.*r. I liave thought her fold, , and bad tempered. And she is real It attai fid! to Dorothy I am now con- , and I shall trv to love her for that rea- In fa -<\ form and voice she is Dorothy's >uiu >rp:irt O iy by t !•• differ. nee in the color of the eyes m I dist in juir-h one sister from another when I tliei toother. But in character and itioi Ik-v are utterly and entirely differe:it. Ho ithv >: not have feared the effect of h«T si er's ascinaiions upon me. I prefer my shy ivool-\ olet to the gorgeous passionrsuaded Dorothy to set our wed flower. y I l^ave pe ding- jlav fo • th. 1 10th of October. She says ••he docs no;. kn.»w how lier, aunt and Isabel w ill get along without her. Thjp ihouglit seens to trotble her greatly. She says tli 't could not have spared her to go M rs. Halyard's had her health not demanded a cLapge of 1 shall lie the ^happiest man in existence wlif-ij the right shall be given me to take her away friitn this toilsome monotonous life. At Eajrieswo >d " she will have nothing to do but to a ii lus» h TsèlF. How she will admire the grand old place ! I am having it put in thorough « rder for her reception. It is to be refurnish^ throughout. "It skills to me that it ought to be Isabel who is to) have [all these good things" my darling said /only yesterday, when T was planning with her a trip to Europe next Spring. " (You are more deserving of them than Isa- M,p I whispered, as I drew her to me, and eliejrestedjher dark head on my breast. " But life, here is*so hard for Isabel. She feels poverty more keenly than I do. " Let her find a knight able to give her a gilded cage," I said. Dorothy shook her head. j' There's no one here whom she would " Thei|e s Squire Darley," I said, trying to look in j the violet eyes, hidden by the long lashes. ; {Ah, you think she would not be second choîjbè ? You see I know all about it. Isa bel has tjojd me." I" Sheshould nothave done so," said Dorotliv blu«liing.! j I didjnjot tell her that" Isabel had said that she had (confidently expected her sister to marry the squire, until I had appeared on the scene ; or, thatîshe had tried for some reason to give the impression that Dorothy's love for me was neither peep nor sincere, for I have no demon of distrust or jealousy in my heart. My faith in my Ketlrothed is perfect. The • vedding is to be a very quiet one. I ill tak ii place in the parlor of the cottage, nd wil i be followed by a simple brerkfast Jlien Hjy wife and I will start for our new ome. îîo o^ie will be invited to the ceremony except m\ uncle, Mrs. Halyard, and the miniter's w ife. I shall stay here nntil the 5th of ctobei and shall then go to " Eagleswood,' U give some final directions about the repairs, returning to Colchester the morning of my wed ng day. ISA.BSL S PART. It is (he 10th of October, the day set for D' >rothysjmarriage. But now Havel time e to mite it down ? Yes, it ie only nine o'clock ahd thé train bringing the bridegroom —il| not fte here until eleven. Heel that nn- T keep my hands and brain basy I shi 11 go i oad be. • that hour arrives. - - Lly low for Am Id lirandon seems like a .fire whicl burn- .» my veins. . From that hou r whei ï he kl. sed me in the garden, thinking I was ^Dorothy, I have| loved with a passior of wl ich she could never even dream. ; i I [ow ci ael is Fate ! Would that I instead of ©orotli had gone to aant.HalyArd'a. This ry, mi >notonous life, tliis loiriihsome pororfy which stit es in its fcirth. every pleasant desire .—h wl 1 m- longedi to «scape ftom them ! ; am b stter saitedî'tb liim than Dorattij. In Èaglesl vood, that gxsiad place vhieh Arnold ha< riiscrHped to me so oftep, .would lire like a nun in a cloister, while I would fill it with guests—would make A •noW'e life a brillid liant, em ied one. WouîJ, I say ' Let mit: >v( itc it w:!l J i 11: Jj.ivc doue all ! could to vvia him. sung I,o Jiira hy the hour i. io wiblcr-. I have •lost, noat :-iiro-:Sinc nallads. I h ivo iried to excite his pity, his jeaioàsy, and his sympathy, iln vain. He lias thought only ,if Dorothy, looked upjn me only in the light of a sister. Ev. tlie tears I have shed in the igony of uiy si»rrow over my unrequited lore have appeared.to him only as signs of my affet tion for the sister he was to take from me. i But of inv despair a despei ate plan was lx>rn, a jpjan which is to succeed. Ay hen Dorothy came idto mv room this morning I told lier I was ill, that'l could iiot be present at her marriage, that I, too, hived Arnold, and the pain of seeinj f him wed another would lie greater than I cou'd bear. Spare me any questiois," I said, "and never tell mv secret to Amy d." | She was shocked and surprised, - as I knew she ! would be ; and of courue said that, much as she would like me to be j; resent at her marriage. she would not urge it under the circumstances, and that she wou: d convince Aunt Margau c that I ivns rcallj to ill to be present. ' ! 1 hen she a ini ov«t me a little, •j Oh. Isabel." she said. • I wish you had not' told we this, iîut you cannot love him auy; 'more dearly iîian I d,>." Then she went away, and I heard her jgo into Aunt Margaret's rooi i, heard the low murmur of licr»voiee, and au it's fretful whine in I response. Then Dorothy went into her own roohi, and a moment after ii nt rapped at jrny door. " It won't do for you to st iy up here during the ceremony, Isaliel," she si id. " You must come down, no matter how il 1 you are. 1 " I cannot." I answered. " It is of no use to àsk it. She expostulated a little While, but I did not speak again, and finally she went away mattering something about my leing " always just as^stubborn 1" ; iSfthink of being left hei e with her ! |To washedishes, sweep, dust, and go to bed! at nine o'clock every night in the year, while Dorothy— I Xo, no ! I felt that it mu< t not be. At eight o'clock I slipped from my room unseen, and ran down-stairs a id ran out to the barn. 1 Adam," I said to the boy who was standing at [the stable, "harness \Tiitefoot at once. We have terrible news, and Miss Dorothy j is going to Dartville. Tell no one, for we most not alarm my sunt. Only lurry for heaven's sake." | I was shaking from ne vous excitement, and could scarcely falter out the words. He gazed at me a moment in amazement, then darted into the stable. ! I hurried back into the bouse again, and rushed into Dorothy's roon with a violence that made her spring from her chair in terror. ; V Quick ! quick ! " I cried w inging my hands. Get on your hat and cloak, Dorothy. There has been a dreadful accident to the train. :Yriiold is dying, and has sei t foryou." I thought at first she w is going to faint, she turned so white. She si ood staring at me with wide, dilated eyes. I put on her hat and clo; ik with my own hands, and hurried her dowi -stairs and out to the stable where Adam had a Iready put Whitefoot into the shafts. j He is lying at the hote[ in Dartville," I explained. " The accident took place near there, the telegram said. T ike the river roali, and make haste for heaven's sake. Would that I had the right to go a so." She did sot answer me. She was staring straight before her, a loolc of unutterable anguish on her white facei Perhaps I might have repented even then, and sonfessed my falsehood, had Adam not sprang • into the vehicle and urged Whitefoot madly down the road. ] It is to late for repentance now. I must go, : through with what I [hare undertaken. But I wonder at my courage. Yet I am safe, Why should I fear ? Whitefoot is not rapid traveller, and it will tie after ten before they reach Dartville and Jdiscorer them liai been no accident. It will be nearly one o'clock before they return. By that time I shall {be Arhold Brandon's wife, andi far away from the home which has grown so hateful to me. j I went into Dorothy's room and dressed m self in her wedding clothesL And now I am waiting for the bridegroom. He will not see mel until just before the cejremony. I will raise my eyes to his face, rind he will not dream that it is not Dorothy who is by his side. When we are far away fr< m here, and he discoy;eres the deception I 3 tare practiced apjrn him, I will teli him all, a id trust to his kinld ness and generosity to foi jive me. If I know anything of him he will 31 lifer anything father than have-a scandal. H< : will make the best of (things.. And when h< knows how .wildlyjl lové him, how valueless ny life withont him would be, and it was lov< alone that induced me to personate my siste r to-day, he will surely jforgire me and take m e to his heart. If hi does not—but I will, not contemplate such e possibility ! At least our marriage will be l^aL I shall be his wife, whe ;her I win his love jo: hatred. j • And Borotby will scon recover from the t blow. She is net papabl t of the intense love _i::LT, which fills my L.i breast. L m 11 1 in She will be as well satisfied with Walter Da: ley as she would hare been with Arnold Brand )n. j jAunt Margaret came j n just now. I beht closer orer my dress, wh: ch I was pretending toadjust. j ' How well - you ' look, , Dorothy," si e.. said. Arnold will he proud of y >u. Oh, dear, I don't know how we are to get along without you ! Isabel oould be spared much better. How provoking that she= ins; sts on keeping her room. I have been knot ting but she will not answer .me." f' Let her alone," I saifl, " she is ieally ill f' Really fll !" " Yes, it is no longer pretence. But I shall hare strength enough jtb goj (through the ceremoi iy. Once Arnold's wife, I can dare all:" F «ont glanced at tbejdesk, and asked me Wbat I was writing. ^'{My lastwill «id testaient,' ligU\y. j ^ fit is like lsabel to jest on a day of such lèmniiT," she said," bot I did not expect it ofyjra, Bjorothy." j ••. : ••!: Hark ! I Hear the com ng t»f the train. It brills my i Aunt j Halyaijd, Arnold's uncle and Arnold: i |j| . .... DOKOfcHT*® fcBTi". My ;|K>9^ fiisferl .-j ;;Shë i^tts plot wasth vy^Mt^a^^ne, mind./ ^ebre ifaisj-I hnv H 1 ^ •• "jioÀau i given .her freely, and I pity -her from th« depths of my heart. \- • I did not for an instant doubt her statement that she had received a telegram announciog an accident on the 1 ail way, and I fully expected to find Arnold dead or dying when I reached Dartville. But the landlord of the <iue hotel said that his only guèst was an old woman who was peddling a fancy soap, and that he had heard of no railway accident whatever. I was not convinced, however, and hurried to the railway station a short distance off. There 1 was again assured that there had been uo accident. As I turned toward the hotel again, bewildered and weary, it Hashed upon me that this "Was my wedding-dny, and that Arnold was to be in Colchester at eleven o'clock. It was already after ten, and the train which would bring him was due in Dartville at halfpast. I told Adam to rest Whitefoot until noon, and tlien sttrt for home, that I would return by rail. How nervous 1 was as the train came panting and screaming up to the little station. I trembled so that I could scarcely stand ; bui when I entered the car the first face on which my eyes rested was that of my lover. Then I felt that all my troubles were at an end. Had I been a ghost, Arnold could not have been more surprised to see me. And he was angry and amazed at the story of my journey. " From whom did Isabel receive the telegram ?"' he asked. " The matter must be investigated." ' I said I had not time to ask her any questions. " Such practical jokes are extremely unpleasant," he said. " I shall make it my business to find out who imposed on Isabel in this manner. Just suppose you bad missed taking this train, Dorothy ? It couldn't have been much of a wedding without a bride.'' " And you being here,with the bridegroom is a most unheard of proceeding," said Aunt Halyard, who has a great regaid for the proprieties. " Keep your face covered for mercy's sake." Arnold's uncle treated the affair as a good joke. " If people express surprise we can suppose this is Isabel," he said. When we reached Colchester we found carriage waiting for as which Arnold had engaged by telegraph, and we wfere soon at the cottage. Aunt Margaret thought I was Isabel. She met us at the door. " So you changed your mind," she said. " and concluded to give up playing the invalid Why did you go to the station to meet them ? It was not proper. And why have you on Dorothy's diess ?" I left Arnold to explain^ and hurried upstairs to my own room. What was my amazement as I threw open the door, to see Isabel sending below thejbureau glass, dressed in my wedding clothes, even to the veil on her head, and the slippers on her feet ! " Isabel !" I cried, in horror. She turned. For a moment she stared'at me in a dumb, terror-stricken way, her ëyes burning like coals of fire. Then, with a wild shriek, fie threw up her arms and fell senseless at my feet. The first thing I did was to lock the door, fhen I chafed her hands, and poured water on her face. " Don't betray me," werè the first words she said, as she recovered consciousness. I did not understand her. I thought she had put my wedding dress on out. of pure vanity, wishing to see its effects on her beaaty. "How did you get back so soon?" she asked. I told her, and then begged her to remove my dress that I might put it on at once, for the minister was waiting in the parlor, and all were wondering at thé delay. r She lay on the sofa, and watched me as dressed myself in the garments she had taken off. I was too nervous and hurried to ask her any questions. I thought there would be time enough for that when the céremony was over. ! Her death-like pallor and the strange look in he great black eyes frightened me as I bent to kiss her before going down stairs, and as my lips touched her cheek, she pushed me away with a cry of pain. " Leave- me," she said. " Go. He will be yours now for time and eternity." . Arnold was waiting for me at the head of the stairs. I took his arm, and we went down into the parlor. It did not take long for the minister to pronounce us man and wife, and then I hurried back to Isabel. I found her delirious. She was laughing and talking like one gone suddenly inad. Of course I did not leave her. The fact was I did not dare to have her nursed by anyone but myself, so terrible were the confessions she made. It seemed to me that my blood ran cold in my. veins as I listened to her, and learned how nearly she had succeeded in raining theiife of the man she professed to love. I am her only sister, and she would' have robbed me of my lover ! But she was Lat me never forget that. For days we did iiot ! think she would recover. But at length^ she began to grow better, and at the end of sir weeks was again ib possession ôf berran'BeÊ. She begged me then to leave her. She' «aid my presence reminded her of a past she wished to forget, and-that she would rather be alone. §01 went away pa Eaglèswood, where Arnold was impatiently, awaiting me, and I am fairly in love with jmy beautiful new home. And, as I look at iny lofer husband, and meet the fond glance 'of his tender eyes/ a great wave of thankfulness sweeps over me that my sister's. inady- desperate stratagem failed so signally. 