OUR NOVEL. BY ORDER OF THE CZAR: OE, THE QUEEN OP THE GHETTO, 4 Br JOSEPH HATTON, AUTHOR OP " CRUEL LONDON," " THE THREE BIECRUITS," "CLYTIE," "THE YALLET OF POPPIES," " JOHN NEEDHAM'S DOUBLE,". &C;, &e.; PART III. CHAPTER XVI. THE GHOST OF THE LAGOONS. THEY; were a fishing trio of the lagoons, Guiozotti, in fact, well known for their industry and their piety. They had been beating about for most of the night with- out hauling in anything worth inentiouiug until it was nearly morning, and then haring called down a blessing from the saint whom their browu illuminated sail glorified, their net liad filled to overflowing. They emptied with much rejoicing, upon their reeking deck, and then spread*; hfiir canvas to catch the morning breeze for Venice. It wanted yet an hour or so dawn, the first opaline advances of which begau to move the curtains of the Eastern sky. Only a handful of pale stars remrined in the »beavens. The sea had been rough ou ' the previous night, and a strong under swell was left iu memory of the passing atora:. The picturesque smack rose and ' fell with a regular cadenea of motion. While one of the men steered and attended to the navigation, the other two were busy getting their fish into the hold, singing all the while a kind of answering chorus to the chaunt of the steersman. Presently the soloist paused in. his song to gave intently to windward, where lie fancied he saw something in the water, lt was not a boat, cor was it a fish. It might be a bit of floating wreck- age. Bot it looked strangely like some ". awful vision of the deep- The helmsman «af d nothing, but crossed himself devoutly and looked in auother direction. The opaliue glow that had at first been very faint now gave place to streaks of pink and grey aud red ; it looked like a stormy breaking of the morning. There was au unusual shadow, too, Upon the sea, the steersman thought. He feared to look to wiudivard, though he tried to smother a superstitious dread thajt came over him in a repetition of his fisherman's chaunt, and again his mates took up the refrain. He no longer saw the strange weird somethiug iu the sea; it was still there, nevertheless, rising and falling with the swelling waves. Once in a way the first beams of the morning fell upon it as if with inquisitive glances. Thea the shadowy forms of the Enganeaii hills began to îissert their presence far away beyond tho mainland. Further North the cold white Alps were getting ready to make their appearance on the distant background of the hazy picture. By and by the islands of the lagoons Would put iu their claims to recognition, but ¿or the moineufi there was only object to be seen. ' 1 And now they all saw it. The fish with their shining scales aud bright dyiugeyes had been stowed away, aud suddeuly (li - man at the helm pointed a long bony finger in the direction of the ghost-like object to windward, The thing was recognised in silence. If assumed an almost, upright attitude with the rising of the waves ; and as they receedai it floated backwards as a graceful swimmer teigig. It did not, iu taking this new Ksltlon, however, buffet the water as a e swimmer would, but rose aud "fell withîa ghost'y rhythmjof motion. When its head topped the waves horizontally it showed a human face distorted, white and swollen, with dark'hair.. All three toilers of the deep now saw the apparition. It was more thau a-gho<>t and less than a man. Was it somo per- nicious creature qf the sea $ How should they avoid itP 1 ^ They tacked- They turued their oyi'8 Lto leeward. They made as if they would sail for the open sea. The morning hesitated at the portals of day. Once or twice it threatened to So back into the night. TJuusual clouds egan, to gather about thc East. A heavy fall of rain pattered down upon . the sea: The swimming figure followed tho fibjn; TJtèy had, bqth strap*: the çatne current. The sailors now saw it in a new quarter. They were afraid- Again they tacked, This time the prow tamed towards the I^ldo. Tho inouhad resumed their coursa, Presently a long streak of white illu- minated the waters. The rain ceased. It wai nearly morning. The sun forced silver lances up into the clouds. And now there could be no mistake. The figure was human iu form, but its face was a weird deformity. It was a j goblin, a monster, a something horrible, lt had great whito hands that were steer- : i ng it towards the ship. Its head rose and fell with the waves. They could all see the nameless thing. They fell upon their knees and commended themselves to their siinU. and moro particularly to her who had vouchsafed them their good- ly haul of fish. Then they took counsel and came to a decision. The monster was a ghost. They were convinced of it, these three (Jiiiozolti. Tiley crowded all sail to get away from it; wueu suddeuly, as if nuder tim influence of the god of day, tho wind fell aud there was a dead calm. The sea, however, stitt rose and fell. There were no waves. But the keel of the boat mado a gurgle and a washing. The sea seemed as if trying to break into a wave, but it only slopped up against the ship's sides. One of the mou thought there was something like a sob accompanying thc bulging motion of tho water. They tempted tho dead breeze from every point, but the ship Ity still and the morning in the silvery splendour bagan to salute and glorify distant objects, flashing now aud then through the clouds into a white path acros9 the lagoon right up tu the ship. In oue of these passing illuminati 'tis they siw the ghowt clearly. "It ii no ghost," said the bravestef the three ; " it is a dead mau." " Did you evor soe a dead man swim- ming with it« arms and legs as a live mau swims ?" said the other, fortifying himself with a long drink from a bottle which ho handed to ids mates. " It does indeed swim," said th? helms- man ; " that's true." " What harm can come to us," said the first, "having commended ourselves to. the Virgin aud to our own much beloved and beholdou-to saint ?" " She did not help Pierre when we were wrecked aud lost our mate," said tho helmsman. " Forgive him. Santa Alaria !" exclaimed the 6ecoud fisherman; "he knows not what he says !" " It is no ghost, comrades" repeated the bravest of the throe, " only a drowned ! man ; let us take him in tow." ! " What if bo take* ns iu tow ?'' said tho first of tho Ohlozottl. I "Truly, what thou?" exclaimed the j helmsman. " Look at him ! Dead, do you say ? Ya, a dead-alive ; he swim«, j don't*you see it, firstj on his breast, then ] on his side, aud thirdly oil his back. B(o j drowned men swim like that?'' j " It's the action of the waves," said, the j second fisherman, taking auother drink. I " Strange actiou !" said the first. j " Tes, I grant you," said tho second ; "but are we cowards? Have we been out ia all weathers, and awn strauge sights by night and day, and are we going to be afraid now that the .sun is rising and Venezia begins to look across the water to the Lido ?" " No," said the first spokesman. " What shall we do, good comrade ?" " Lower the boat and take the drowned man in tow !" said the other, handing the bott'.e to the -steersman, who emptied it and found himself more courageous by j two'wine glasses full. ' j ' " But see," he said, " nevertheless it is ' coming along of i's own accord. It need» no assistance !" "There* will ba a reward," said the second sailor, " I see. g »ld Wo ; it is the body of au officer ia uuiform." " Don't ' romance," replied the first fisherman ; " it W the sim ou the water." By this time tile sim was really getting np in the heavens. The sky was beginning to tura blue. Distant mountains came uearer. " Lower the boat, boys," said the bravest of the three men. " I will fasten a line to the ghost !" The helmsman crossed, hjinself as hg lent a hand to his mates, and presently the boat was slipping to tho stern, where the second mau dropped into her and began to pall towards the strauge figure ? which seemed to be literally playing with the waves. "Yes,"said the Ghiogga fishermau as ! he approached it, " gold lace sure enough, but what a face ! and, mercy on us, hqw dead-alive it looks wjth jt.s hands waving up and down. 'Ahoy, mate, heave to !" With winch exclamation of personal en- couragement ho flung a thin rope across the body and so manoeuvred it that \o a minute or two ho had fastened a. stronger one to it, and the ghost of the lagoon answered to the tug of the boat which the fisherman began to pull for the smack. Tiie vessel hove to, and the adventurer having fattened his boat to the line flung out by tho helmsman, scrambled, aboard. The 'ghost fi^a^ed companionship wit» the vessel's bqat which dropped quietly astern. The Chiospiia smack now hoisted hep' painted sails and steered fqr the channel by the Lidq. It waa an ebb tide, and the water, as Mr. Symonds tells ns lu his " Italian Sketches4' at such time, runs past the mulberry gardens of this pleasant hamlet like a river. The fishing boat, with its ghaitly figure at tho stern, swung into this rapid stream aided by a refreshing breeze, and {tom the other side of the Bira no doubt looked a pretty object, a) indeed it was if you took note of ira half submerged cargo-the dead passenger, with its great white hands aud tts equally white face, like s ift, half-tauued leather. Ou went the beat aud its silent witness past the grove of acacia trees which rise out of its tall grceu grasses, whore the iirst butterflies of summer ware disport ing themselves fur their brief hour or two of gay and radiant life. Presently the vessel'd course was changed for the Custom House, and now she went gliding along with no swelling motion, except such ai the wooing wind gave ber. The sun was up. Venice was alive. A little crowd of oarly workmen had gathered round the Victor Emmanuel statue. The last remnants of the decora- tions were being removed. The pigeons in the Grand Squire of St. Mark a were fliittertug over their first meal of the day. The two royal standards opposite the famous church word flying in the mum- ing breeze. A cluster of gandidas were lying by the steps in the shadow of the JLiiou of j St. Mark's. Picturesque groups of men and women were standing noir. . The ; gorgeous palaaos were glassing them- selves \a the General Cvial with blurred effects of form aud c thur mide by the rippling water. Sound th-* corner of the Pizarro Palace where the Countess Strayeusky had looked down from the window of her boudoir, however, the water was still and showed every line of architecture,'every lichen on (he ancient walls, every bit of ooze and green slime that clung to the'lower stones qn the .water's edge, bat there was no trace of the tragedy of tho recent' festival any more than there was of these others which had preceded it in bygone* days. Nor had the wavelets in front of tho palace anything to show or to say of the tnagnificient reception, the gay aud fes- tal music of which had been the dirge which Vengeance had prepared for the Russian general who had prosUed over the outrages of Czarovua. .' AU the world looked so happy ou this morning as if tho bright sun, tho soft bréese, the clear sky, thu perfumo of flowers (brought from the mainlaui by a passing boat) had beau given as complu sstion for th« closing nf the royal festival ; Or as if the spirit of Venice had risen up to let her worshippers f<*el that tho city iu the sea needed, nothing of festival or music or royal guests, or flag* and burners aud painted boals to make her desirable, but that she was loveUest without aught else but her own beauty. And yet trailing ajqug her dreamy city was that bleached and ghastly thing that a little way off looked like a strong swimmer at his ease, his extending anns and legs risiug and falling with the motion of the vessel in company with which be was enjoying the bright gay morning. But what a ghastly mockery it turned out to be when tliè Cliiozzia smack cast anchor and dropped her sails. Aud what a reception it had from tho chattering crowd that collected, on the quay-all talking at once, some crossing themselves, others profes- sing to recognise the corp-te. all présent1)' making their way for the Custom Ho ase authorities and t hc police, Í' Goúeral iPetronovltch," said one ol the Chiefs of po'i*e, " he who disappears I on tho night of the Illuminât bus; and this (taking fruin the bitdy a dagger that was entangled rather with the clothing than with the flesh) the cause of death, perhaps." On the blade of the rusted kuife coule still be seen deeply engraven a word ii Arabic, which a leprtest translated int< Italian, French, and English. They wen the saine Arabic letters as those whict were embossed upnu the qmulat that th« Countess. Stravinsky wore at Mrs. Chet wyndi's reception, and the word wai M vengeanoe Î" Thus the judical murderer of the Babb Losiuski, the assassin of the househok peace and joy of the Klosstocks, and th« scourge of Czarovoa, flung after executioi into the sea, had come back again t Venice a witngss of tho far veauhiug hine o£ L^h'dlsiio vengeance. 