PARLIAMENTARY NOTES. BY A CHARPER. The present House has seen some dreary times, but the dreariest times of all have been those hours that have been spent while the caucus was deliberating in the south library. It was hoped that the caucus had seen the last of its lengthened meetings and the House consequently the ] aj j of its dreary waiting; but hon. mem bers who had doubtful lines thut would pass muster among a crowd of other doubtful ones, but would fail u terly to pass a sensible uninfluenced committee made one last effort to save their bantlings) Tne attack in this instance was centred upon Air Shiels,. who. felt most keenly the unfortunate and awkward position in which he was placed as the mover of the loyalty motion. The member for Norinanby largely the creature of impulse, and it was an impulse which caused him to strike a blow at the Government as an Opposition leader when he sought to weld the powerful ciucus into a disciplined party; but the Douse made history quickly over the Riil. way Bill. The pressure outside was so great that change followed upon change with b=wi|- deriugrapidity.and in these changes them my moves and countermoves of the earlier part of session were forgotten; or, at least, should have been. The sudden change that nrnked the “ whole bill,” and the caucus addendum found Air Sliiels unequivocally supporting the Government; but other eyes were lookii on, and other memories at work than those who applauded Air Shiels. It was a bitter moment to him when, full of liij | successful speech, and anxious to reap its fruits, he was confronted with his ovrn loyalty motion, aud compelled to vote agaiust his judgment. For this “ Brutus is an honorable man,” aud hardly felt at liberty to disavow the power that Imld him. Whether the others were justified in forcing him into such an unfair position, is a questiou not easy to answer in the affir mative. Having been caught once, Air Shiels was determined to make a fierce fight ! for liberty. Thus it was rlmt while the non entities of the flou-e filled in the time in their characteristic way, the members waited anxiously for a decision in the south library that might make the position some what critical. However, Mr Shiels even tually obtained his liberty, and will keep clear of loyalty motions in the future. The caucus has now fallen hopelessly to pieces. Its last effort was to retain control over Mr Shiels, aud iu losing that it has lost all. But hardly had that bogie been laid to rest than another, not so lull of menace, .began to take form. From the beginning of the debate on the Public Works Committee, vague threatenings have been beard that the Lower House was giving up its tight to the supreme control of the Finances. Ain 01 e nowadays needs to be told of the troubles that have raged round the principle that to the representative House belongs the ri«ht of initiating, or altering, money bills. It is one of the most cherished prerogatives of the Commons, and the Assembly claims to be the “ Commons ” here. The difficulty was, that those who talked of the danger could not point out where it actually was; and members on the Government side, grown callous to the cry of “ wolf,” listeued in a careless sort of way and took no notice of it. Sir Bryan was prolix, as usual, and talked constitutional law to deaf eai'3, while others merely caught up the parrot cry, and echoed it as parrots. It was reserved for the member for Sr. Kilda, Mr Turner, to create the sensation of the week. Mr Turner has displayed a most remarkable aptitude for the grasp of details. Hv was the one member who made a hit upon the Alutropolitau Board of Works’ 811, for lie was the one member who understood it • glar.se by olause, While other members uteri talking all round the bill ho was Carefully going through it, and ul earthed the hazy “ constitutional difficulty” ill clause 12. The Ministry have been at some disadvantage in having to take the bill en bloc from the New South Wales measure, Although the Upper House in the sister colony is a nominee chamber, its right to interfere with' money bills has not been so distinctly disputed as it lias with us, simply because it has yet to face a “ reform bill” struggle. Summed up clause 12 pro vides that on the committee agreeing to an expenditure the Aliuister iu whose depart ment the expenditure is must briog down a bill providing for.it. “Now,” continued Mr Turner, while the House listened in breathless attention, a light beginning to break upon it. “Now, this money brought forward in the shape of a bill, the Couucil has equal rightsWith us on a financial ques tion,” and having pressed home bis point sat down. The effect of Mr Turner's speech was at once seen, both on the Treasury benches and behind them. “ What,” Queried an Oppo sition member once, “would make Mr Alex. Young vote or speak against the Government ?” “An earthquake might," responded auother; but Air Young, silent aud straight, is a relic of the old Berry party, and a danger of the Council con trolling a money bill was to him, with Ids memories of tho Darling grant and the land tax, worsa than an earthquake. It would take a very considerable earth tremor to trouble the member fur Grenville; but Mr Turner both loosened his tongue ami raised his ire. What Air Young felt -Mr Gordon felt also, and when these two most con sistent and respected supporters of the Government took fright, some of the younger members took flight also; aud the point of Mr Turner’s argument in favor of I limiting the operation of the public worts I committee was driven right home to the head, amidst a great deal oi suppressed excitement. It did not take long for this latest de velopment to fly round the House, and die result was an evidence of what a li'-de thing, nfter all, will raise the old ghost- tin. were thought to be laid to test long ag". -h was not that men such as Mr Young “ r Gordon were altogether afraid of the tan of the Council having co-equal poner, he. j they were afraid of the eff-et of this uP" n their constituents. Men who had Flight side by side with them through the days “ the Darling grant, nod through the oitm years from 1577 to ISSI, would be hardje convince, that the giving up of such a rig - . was nothing, and some of the younger j>J cn thought nith thorn. Tim Ministry lid 11 ; 1 hurried consultation, saw tin* difficulty, a® gave way on everything hut tiie si-nti" Kll ‘; The compromise the Government l ,J '! ' Was that, instead of the Minister bringu's down the public work in a bill, S place the amount on the Estimates, really completely reserved the privilrlKs of the Assembly, for the Assembly uas ■- sole control of the Estimates. But the r*i ‘ had taken ton great a pn.-nssinn of t a 1 “ liberals,” who would be content ■ i Dntliing but the complete exclusion ot • Couucil, both iu fact and in sentimeo , so on this old, old ghost of long # g''i °.... looked in the hurry of adapting tie ' Came about the defeat of the Goveriuii'-u the title. How deeply the memories °f j* I®.. 1 ®.. '1,,, days were stirred was evFenced . . passage between Mr Dixon and the C»« Secretmy. -Mr. Deakiu has been hear l during the last few weeks than e| fr ' j, e He,.at last, seems to have taken **f ffn . drifting poliey that was nnukiug tne ’’ j inent for destruction. MrDixouis the land marks of the B-uy „g -famous by his difficulty with the e* \j lirr ,y and his sentimental defeat of- ■ j Smith for the then aristotratic clec*-* St. Kilda. In those days Mr Dix; 111 ( sensation, and Mr Deakiu tne rn>'a of the Government side. But j.-j r ; changed since then, und while hope smiles comfortably 00 the ;.. £ d i:im Benches, many of those who P' 1110 “|, er i\r are in fierce opposition. D”’ ot ;. e r;, Pialirun has a tendency t" * ec 1- ~, nnd does it in a way tlu‘ r m far " lug. There is an infi- ctum m In* a curl about his lip that ’j,,,, In fighting b'ood ill the one who I-- e ,,i tured. The Chief Secii-taiy-‘. js ioc» a lamb when attacked, though he'- of contemptuous indifference >• f , very freely, hut the s-p'nt <'■ te j pu» so dominant last week that > ■' " j,.;foie him, and the passage was storm} p.s-’U the Speaker and behind » r ' urged the C-hi* f Secretary to g° ” party, be true to the olil principles ‘ #f' 'Air Deakiu replied that, « - ”■ ci reful j young member, he was name n „d so iof Air Dixon as a dangerous ni- * „ # j[i:i Beene went on. Mr A. Y°“"S' ffol uler, ti the Government was an eigntn M )!; Air Deakiu taking tl.e trouble to £ ,i- Dixon w»s more wonderful f lug fjeii* 5, deuce of the upsidedownness o 