Country News BURNIE. A most successful concert and entertain ment in aid of the funds of the Town Hall took place on Friday, the 11th inst. The scholars of the local State School were .the principal performers, 'the programme opened with a ' Swinging and see-saw song' by the school, and this being illus (jrUbUU Uy BWlU£tt UUU U tJBO*HUW IJU bUU stage, made a very pretty effect. ' Early rising song,' ' Book drill,' ' Jackinthe Green,' and ' Song and march,' were all action songs, and were most commendably given. ' When Wei are men,' ' Each day's work,' and ' The prize' were recitations, illustrated by action in the same way as the songs previously spoken of, and the whole gave great satisfaction to the large audience, and re flected very great credit upon Mr Burton, the head master. Mr Westbrook sang ' Tit- Willow,' and, in conjunction with Mr Spotswood gave a duet entitled ' The blood red banner.' Mr (-'. M. Soule recited 'The Fdkenham ghost,' and Rev. W. H. Bowe ' The enchanted shirt.' Mrs Bowe presided at the piano in a most satisfactory manner. Mr A. K. Chapman acted as chairman, and during the evening at Mr Burton's request, distributed prizes to the scholars. Tnere were about 90 books in all, most of them being of considerable value, costing altogether between £15 and £20, About £12 of this amount was raised by a concert recently held, and the balance was made up of prizes specially contributed by Messrs. J. W. Norton- Smith, T. J. Crisp, Westbrook, Jones, Fenton, C. Hall, Kenner, Oldaker, Chapman, Walch Bros, and Bir chall, Wisemnn, Dr. Armitage, Rev. W. H. Bowe, and others. The following wero the principal prize takers: —Regular attendance, Annie Lusted, Henry Lusted, Abednego Langdon : good conduct, Ksther Wiseman, Richard Lennard; Scripture history, Alexander Greenhill. Fifth class— Examination, Winnie Burton, Andrew Veitch ; reading, Kate Cox ; writ ing, May Borrowdale ; spelling, Ada Wise man ; arithmetic, John Ilorler ; geography, Charles Gibson ; grammar, Jessie Lynch. Fourth class — Examination, Amy Mar riott ; reading, Emily Guffney; writing, Ernest Cox ; arithmetic, Florence Burgess. Third Class. — Examination, Ben Hum phries; reading, Florence M'Questin writing, Henry Reid, Ella Burton; spelling, Ada Summorfiold ; arithmetic, Frederic Morris. Second Class.— Examination, Edith Wiseman; reading, Edith Southwell and Laura Summertield ; writing, Dulcie Bur ton ; spelling, Eliza Kemp ; arithmetic, Allan Burton. First Class. — Division A — Readiog, Charlotte llorton and Alice South well ; writing, William O'Reilly; arith metic, Mary Floyd and John Kemp.' Division B — General, Ruth Summertield, Hester Heinrich, John Sutton, Sydney Brown. In addition 54 prizes were awarded to scholars who had attended at least four fifths of full time. A chopping match, Hodgetts v. Bucking ham, held on Saturday last, resulted in a win for Hodgetts. A good deal of money changed hands over the event, and judging from the number of fights, quarrels, etc., that took place subsequently, a good deal of money changed hands after the event, finding its way principally into the publi cans' tills. The township and neighborhood was also honored (?) on Saturday with a visit from the so-called ' North- West Coast Hounds,' the principal result being broken skin and broken fences, The residents in future will very much prefer their room to their company. ? 