SPORTINK ORBOST RACING CLUB. ANNUAL MEETING. I (Feom Octe Own Coeeespondent.) I Okbost, Monday. The annual meeting in connection with the above club was held to-day (Easter Mon day) the weather bcingall that could be de sired, and the track in splendid condition. Un fortunately most of the ticlds were small, principally owing to many owners having mistaken the date of entry and acceptances. Mr John Calvert was very unfortunate, hav ing sent his acceptances too late, and owing to not being advised by the club of the fact! even brought his horses and could not compete. The day’s sport was carried out without a hitch, the stewards and other officers paying every attention to their vari ous duties iu a very creditable manner. Mr John Cameron acted as judge, giving every satisfaction. Mr J. J. Pleydell was also very successful in getting off good starts in his capacity as starter. Mr Herbert as clerk of the scales, and Mr C. Stagg as clerk of the course were all that could be desired. The stewards and officers were supplied with a sumptuous repast by Mr D. Price. Too much praise cannot be accorded to Mr Donald Muuro for his manner of discharging his multitudinous duties as lion secretary to the club. | The following are the results of the several events :— • MAIDEN PLATE. 10 so vs. Weight forage 1:1 mile. : Thos. Harris’s Peter Simple, Bst 121b. - ... (Kelly) 1 C. Ashcroft’s Snowdrop. Ust lib. (Bell) 2 T Burnett's Random 8st 121b (Burnett) 3 Peter Simple led from start to finish and won easily. Tramp also started. ORBOST HANDICAP. Of 25 sovs., sweep of 1 sov. from starters to go to second horse. One and a half mile! T. Harris’ Rufus, Sst 121b ... (Kelly) 1 T. Burnett’s Robin, Sst... (A. Burnett) 2 Only two horses started. Robin went away with the lead and was first past the post. At about the half distance, Rufus drew away, maintained a good two lengths lead and won in this manner, ,hanl held. DISTRICT PLATE. Of 15 sovs. and whip valued £1 Is, the gift of Geo. Ross, Esq., to the rider of the winner. One stone and a' half over weight for ago... * J. Sutherland’s Whisperer, lOst 31b . ...: ‘ (Sutherland) I T. Wright’s Blairgowrie: lOst.Slb (Irving) 2 C. Asheroft’s Snowdrop. lOst lilb (Bell) 3 Whisperer and Blairgowrie ran in com pany to the quarter mile distance, when the former led out and was never overtaken, winning easily by five lengths. ’ Snowdrop was a bad third. ■ 0' HANDICAP HURDLE RACE. Of 20 sovs., with a sweep of 1 sov. from starters to go to second liorse. Over nine flights of hurdles. About two miles. T. Harris, juur’s. Peter Simple, !)st 101b . . ... (Kelly) 1 T. Burnett’s Robin, list ■ ...(Burnctt): 2 T.- Wright’s Blairgowrie, lOst... (Irving) 3 Robin led at the first jump, with Blair gowrie and Peter Simple in rotation. About half distance Peter Simple challenged for the lead, which he took and maintained to the finish. A good race and well contested.. BELLING RACE. Of-15 sovs., winner to be sold for £20. 71bs.. reduction in weight allowed for every £5 reduction in selling price. Distance seven furlongs. Jno. Sutherland’s Whisperer, Sst 101b .. ... (Sutherland) 1 Jno. Harris’ Eurus, Sst 131b ... (Kelly) . 2 T. Burnett’s Random, 7st 101b ..., ... 3 A good race. The winner was sold to Mr Jno. Farquharfor- £26, thus beuefitting the club to the amount of £6. C. Ashcroft’s Effie ... ...: (Ashcroft] 2 Won easily by Walter, who proved himself by far too good for his adversaries, who never hail a ghost of a show from the drop.of the flag to the finish. Dolly,: Sweet, Vic., Bep and Yellow Jack also started. : A sweepstake handicap concluded the day’s 