A HEW YORK GHOST. m I. A Midsummeb Night's Mybteby. The night of the 14th August, 1882, was insufferably hot. The city pavements reminded one of the 44 free-stone" warmer furnished by & loving old grandmother on cold winter nights in the country. The scorching sun of a burn- ing day had blazed upon them until they were literally saturated .with heat, and as late as 10 o'clock in the evening they sent forth a glow which could be likened to nothing but that which proceeds from a huge cook-stove on baking- day. The atmosphere was sweltering. At the station-house in West Thirtieth street the officers and men who were not busy elsewhere , grouped themselves in various attitudes about the doorway in the endeavour to get the benefit of any chance breeze which might wander down the thoroughfare on its way to the river. Some were smoking, and all were engaged in in a desultory conversation, when suddeuly from a house on the opposite side of the street there came a prolonged shriek which brought every man to his feet and caused them all to forget ihstently that there existed such a thing as a thermometer. Just that one long, blood-curdling, heart rending, agonised, unearthly shriek, and then —silence. Hatless, costless, vestless, the men rushed across the street in the direction of the sound. " Follow me, boys !"- exclaimed one of them, and he dashed away like a deer towards the house from which the sound had issued. '/ Yes," 'hey chorused, and the next instant dashed up the steps. The house was vacant, the former occupants haying moved out two days before. In an instant the doors were burst open and the men were spread throughout the house searching it from top to b >ttom. One by one -they, completed their researches and retured to the ground floor, near the front door. Nothing had been found. Every room in the house, every cupboard and closet from cellar to roof had been thoroughly examined,, but not a sign of anything of a suspicious character had been discovered. The men were perspiring profusely as they slowly made their way back again to the station-house steps. 4 Wrill _ tiin.f hp.affl mo l' TntiFmnrAil a -ywjws. lUUiiUlUOU buu Sergeant, who had remained at his post, on the steps. " I will swear that the screech came from that house." " So will I," echoed each man present. " Humph ! somebody has been playing a joke onus, boys, and — hullow ! what'Bthat ?" " What?" All eyes were instantly turned towards the mysterious house again. Then, as before, every man started to his feet and rushed across the street. In the window over the front door, in the second story, they had one and all seen a figure robed in white. The light from the street lamps had shone full upon it, revealing the face of a beautiful girl scarcely past her teens. She had stood for a second in a supplicating attitude as though appealing, for assistance, but even as the Sergeant spoke a rough hand had been thrust forward. It had seized the girl by her hair and dragged her rudely back into the darkness, and then again that inhuman, unearthly scream ba d rung t rough the neignbourhood. Almost before it had died away the men were again in " the ' house, and one and ail darted precipitately to the room at the window of which they had seen the figure of the girl- The room, however, was entirely empty, nor could a sign of the presence of any one be found. The policemen gazed into the faces of one another blankly. What cduld be the explana tion of such strange proceedings right under' their very noses ? One and all were prepared to swear that they had not been deceived and the hypothesis that a' joke had been perpetrated upon them was as far' from solving the mystery as though they had witnessed a deliberate murder. While they were considering what to do, the hallway resounded with a firm tread, and Captain Williams was in their midst. , He had returned to the station-house, and the Sergeant, in as few words as possible, had related the strange occurrence to him. With him at their head, the men made another thorough and complete examination of the premises. Walls were sounded, panels were tested to find if any were movable, floor-boards were tried to ascertain if any were loose, and every known expedient for find in cr a nossihle hiding place witiun ihe -oJ$t .house was utilised, but : No/h aignxif llun presence ol others:' than themselves forthcoming. The policemen wiped the perspiration from their btowis and looked at Captain Williams for a suggestion. At length they all -returned to the station- house once more, the Captain making his exit last. , Bat just before passing out of the front door he touched the man directly in front of him lightly upon the shoulder, " Stay here, Dennis," he whispered, and then with the others' crossed the street. Dermis, who had been selected to remain be hind, was .only a patrolman, but a man who was more than ordinarily shrewd and daring. Fear was, to him, an unknown quantify. The few words which the Captain had uttered told him plainly what was expected, and he turned quickly back, removed his shoes and hurried once more to the room overhead. IF. Captain Williams Resolves to Solve the Mysteby. Among those who returned to the station- housenone notioedth&t; Dennis was missing, and the Captain said nothing-of having left him be hind. They seated themselves once more npon 4he steps and waited, in the meantime exchanging theories by which the strange incidents might be explained. A half hour passed. The station- house clock was' just - indicating .the hour of 11 when the <japh\ln felt his arm gripped convulsively. , Ho turned quickly and discovered that it- was the Sergeant. " Look, Captain, ' he whispered ; " keep your eyes on that window, I'll swear that I just saw a figure glide past it. . There 1 Bee there!" i Even Captain Williams, who had until that moment felt inclined to pooh-pooh the whole thing, was startled by what he saw. Just inside the window, and so close to it that she almost touched it, stood a beautiful girl. Her face, white as the driven snow, had the appearance of having been dipped in phosphorus, for it gleamed and flamed, now brightly, now. less distinctly, while round about 111 Xuvl\5 UUug & tttlf vij J llllutV vi Q which faded, then grew brilliaut again with the regularity of human respiration. She stood withuher face almost touching the glass, while her arms were stretched high above her head; and, with her hands clasped ! together, 6he seemed as though in the attitude , of prayer. Her eves were upturned, and the spectators could plainly see her lips move as though she were Speakiug. The men were instantly upon their feet again,' but a sharp command from the Captain arrested them ere they could rush forwaid. "Halt !" he said quickly, and then they all remaiued silent observers of the strange scene. 44 What can Deunis be doing all this time ?" thought the Captan, Fully two minutes elapsed, and then they saw a huge hand thrust quickly forward. It grasped the long, fair hair of the girl and, with a savage jerk, drew her back out of sight in the darkness. Then again that terrible, penetrating, heart rending scream smote upon the air. Two or three of the patrolmen crossed them selves piously ; others started up, intent upon making another investigation. " Wait l" ordered the Captain, sternly. " Let no man move unless I call. I am going into that house alone. Remain where you are until I tell you to do otherwise. He strode rapidly across the street and passed through the door into the darkness. Iu a moment he had climbed the stairs and entered the room where the apparition had appeared and where he knew that Dennis should be. / As he crossed the threshold his foot came in contact with an object upon the floor which nearly threw him. Stooping quickly, he seized it in his iron grasp. But he loosed' his hold iiistRntly, for even by the sense of touch alone he recognised the fact that it was Deunis. . : " What deyills work is going on here ?" he muttered. ( ' Get up, Dennis; and explain your self." . But Dennis vouchsafed no response. The Captain shook him vigorously, only to find that the policeman's body was limp and almost life less in his "grasp. He shut his teeth together and mentally uttered a vow that he would solve the nsteries of that house before twenty- four hours had passed, if he had to tear it apart piece by piece to do so. lifting the form of Dennis in his arms as easily as though he were a child instead of a grown man, he bore him swiftly down the stairs and out of the door. jtbeacnmg uie siaaon-uouse wixn nis Duraen, he carried him straight to his own room, and laid him upon the couch, while the men clus tered wonderingly around. " Is he dead?" they asked. "I fear so," returned the Captaia. "Ring for an ambulance. But no; stop! He is coming to." Dennis had uttered one deep, quivering sigh. Presently it was followed by another, and at length he opened his eyes. Restoratives were quickly applied, and ere long he breathed naturally. The Captain, waved his hand for the others to leave them alone, a-nd then closing the door, he turned to the patrolman. " Now, Dennis," he 6aid, " tell me all about it." " There's nothing to tell, Captain ; how did I get here ?" " I brought you. What caused you to faint ? Did you see anything in the house ?" " Not a thing, sir." " Hum ! Well, what happened from the moment I left you these until you became un conscious." "Ah, yes," said. Dennis, passing his hand across his brow as if to brush away the cobwebs which obstructed his memory. ' I remember now. When yon left me I took off my shoes, and went back to the room where we had seen the girl. I sneaked over into the farther corner and crouched down to await develop ments. - " By-and-bye I thought I heard a gentle1 tapping sound near the door by which I had entered, and I began edging my way along in order to get closer and find out what it was, if possible. Then— then— " " Well, what then ?" u. 1 don't remember' much more, sir. I think something must have struck me. At all e vents I was concious of a Bensation which made me feel as though my neck was broken, and I don't remember another thing until I opened my eyes here in your room." 44 Is your neck sore now ? Move it and see. ' " Yea, sir ; it feels quite lame." " Ah ! Do you know how near you were to the door when you were struck ?" " About half-way, I should think." 44 1 found you close to the sill. Lie there and rest, Dennis. I think that I will take a peep at that house raj elf." "Take one of the #ovs with you, Captain. There's something wrong over there, and two s , betterithauone." ' " , - " - ! "Nonsense, Dennis; It tafceB a pretty good blow to lay me oat. If you were recovered > sufficiently I might take you; but-- — " ; 4' I don't think that I will" be able to go there again to-night, sir — that is, unless you or der it." _ . 0 "Hallo! What, does that mean, Dennis? It cannot be that you are afraid ?" 44 No, sir ; not of men and women ; but ghosts are not in nnr line." . „ 44 Ghosts !" and the Captain laugued heartily. But Dennis shook his dubiously He was quite convinced that the house was in fested with beings from the other world, and the Gap tain saw at once that nothing short of an explanation of the mystery could disabuse his mind of the idea. He left him and went out again to the office, where the men, clustered around the doorway, were engaged in suggesting explanations of the paenomenon, for it could be described by no other word, in. nCafiaix Williams in the Haunted House. "Come, boys," said the Captain, "let us make a show of searching the house again, and when the search is finished I wont you all to come quietly away and leave me there. Deunis says that something struck him on the back of his nepk, and I want to give it a chance to strike me, too." For the third time that night they crossed the street and entered the old house' ; again they searched it from top to bottom , but wiih no re sult except that Dennis's Shoes were found aud returned to -him. Then grumhlingly they with drew, all but the Captain, who remained in. that mysterious front room to meet, if possible, the perpetrator, of those strange mysteries which had so bewildered the reserve and officers. But the minutes sped away, and no sound broke the stillness. Twelve o'clock came aud went, and with it the relief mustered and passed out to their several posts after being told by the Sergeant to allow no mention of the occurrences of that night to escape them. One o'clock, two o'clock, and still the Cap tain waited on in that dark and silent room from which the Bcream had uroceeded. At 2.30 he made up his mind that there would be no further manifestations that night, and he therefore withdrew quietly and returned to the station-house, where he sat for a long time pondering over the matter. That there was a means of communica tion between that house aud some other one he did not doubt, but it was so skilfully concealed that daylight was needed as au assistant in ferreting it out. The means of communication being found, what theu ? Would that explain the presence of the beautiful girl or of the rough h tml tliat had so rudely dragged her from her place at the win dow ?' Wouid it account for the phosphorescent glow which had shone upon her face and glimmered like a halo over aud around her head? He shook his head dubiously, for it was in deed a strange thing to have developed so sud denly aud in such au unexpected locality. The following day he called a carpenter to his aid, and with him made a most thorough aud searching examination of the house, de voting particular attention to the front room where the apparition had shown itself. He even went so far as to cause several of the floor boards to be taken up in different parts of the house, but without discovering a sign of anything suspicious. Ail means of communication with the rear of the house were and had been securely locked and barred. The scuttle was not only locked but nailed fast; the cedar was inaccessible except from the house aud was barred and free from a suspicious sign. Despite the evidence of his own eyes, Captain Williams was gradually forced to thee inclu sion that- he a_ud his men had in some way been made the victims of an expert practical joker. But the screams; the blow which Dennis had received; the girl at the window; the rough hand 'which had 'seized her hair; the impossi bility that any one,- joker or criminal, could have escaped from the house without being detected— these and other considerations caused him to shake his hesd in thoughtful disappro bation of his own conclusions. 44 There is a mystery aud I will solve it," he thought. 44 If I took any stock iu ghosts the solution would be plain; but I don't." That night he was on hand at the station- house as soon as it was dark, and after makin a quiet suggestion to the Sergeant that he might not return until late, he walked leisurely down to Thirtieth street to Seventh avenue and then back again on the othei side until he reached the hou»e of mystery. Thfirp. hft alinnAtl miiDlrlYr j U'ssen by anybody, and without noise ascended to the second-story room whieh had been the scene of the previous night's adventures. Beneath his arm he earned a small bundle, which he no w unrolled. It was a blanket, aud he spread it up >n the floor in the southeast corner of the room and then seated himself upon it to await developments. The lights from the street were just sufficient to prevent the room from being totally dark From the position which he had selected he got the benefit of whatever light was thus afforded. Shouid a figure cross the room between him and the windows he must see it. He had been careful not to make a sound and had come prepared to spend the night there if necessary , in the hope that the former incidents might be repeated and thus disclosed to his nearer view. The hour of his arrival was about 9, for Summer days are long and it did not get dark until after 8 o'clock. It was much too dark to permit the Captain to look at his watch, but it seemed to him that he had been there about an hour when he became conscious of a slight noise in the entry. At first he thought it was a gentle tapping sound such as Dennis spoke of having heard on the preceding night, but as he listened more intently he changed bis mind. There could be no doubt that it was produced by the feet of some one walking back and forth ; 44 and what little feet they must be,'? he thought as he bent nearer to catch everysound. 44 What little feet and what a slight body they must support ! Shall I go that way or shall I remain here and wait ?" - He decided; upon the latter course, for he presently noticed that the person who was walking in the hallway came a little nearer to the door which connected with the room where he was waiting every time it was ap proached. By-and-by she will enter," mused the Captain, " for it must be the beautiful girl whom he saw at the window. No one eke could tread so softly." IV Captain Williams Sees The Ghost. Back and forth, back and forth, tripped the little feet, until the sound grew exasperatingly monotonous. The Captain began counting the footfalls. Thirteen each way, evety time, Without variation; - " i 44 That isstrange," he thought. Caa be that she is counting her stops, of istit a toere coincidence? and why does she wander back and forth in that dark hall- way? In this room it ids light by comparison. Ah !" The unspoken exclamation Caused by the sudden appearance in the doorway of the ap parition itself. AQCivomea as the gallant Captain was to trilling sights, he could not refrain from an involuntary start of astonishment as he looked, upon the creature who had suddenly appeared before him. . . , , . . . She seemed to walk withm a of light which emanated from her own being. It glinted and glistened like phosphorus, until her face shone with a peculiar and death-like radiance. It rendered her matchless beauty almost divine, aud for aii instant the dougiity. offioer felt that he was indeed gazing upon something supernatural. But he quickly forced back the idea. His first impulse was to leap forward and paigft her where she stood upon the threshold as if undecided whether to enter the room or not, his second thought was to remain perfectly quiet and await further developments. Presently she glided forward a little, edging towards tne window where she had been sen to appear on the previous night, but, suddenly she turned and swept back again, disappearing through the door. bhe was gone. The Captain rubbed his eves in perplexity vaguely wondering if he hau indeed seen the vision or .if it might not1 have' been created by his own fancv. Still he waited. He did not follow her through the door, because he knew that his weight upon the creaking boards would give forth more -or leas sound, and he felt that the slightest noise would be sufficient to frighten her away for the night. Another half hour passed and he was be ginning to fear that ehe would not return when he heard the patter-patter of her little feet as they again approached. This time they came straight to the open door without pausing and turning back as before. To the door, through it, and on to the very window through which she had peered on the previous night. There he could see the outlines of her figure even more dearly than when she had stood in "the doorway, for the phospore¢ glow by which he had first distinguished her only lighted her neck and face and head. 44 What can it be ?" thought the Captain. Around her neck there seemed to be a ring of fire fully au inch iu width, while her hair, as it shimmered down her back, glistened, or rather burned with a score or more of fiery jets of different dimensions, from the crown of her head almost to her waist. Upon her head rested a broad baud of the same fiery substance, broader and fiercer than the ring above her throat. It could be likened to nothing so much as to a brilliant glosv-worui which one sees by the side of a country road on a rainy night. It glowed and burned without apparent heat, emitting the halo which enveloped her as though she had been transformed uito a ype of incandescent light which was an essential part of her being. The Captain, prosaic and unimpressionable as he was, felt a sense of awe steal over, him as he looked upon her. For an iustant he was spellbound by the sight. Then he raised himself slowly and noiselessly to his feet. His idea was to reach the door quietly and close it, thus miking the incomprehensible creature a prisoner in the room, after whioh he would strike a light, and solve the mystery. Locating the doorway as well as he could in the darkness, which now seemed more intense by reason of the contrast afforded by the proximity of that phosphorescent glow, he took one 6tep forward, intending to . leap over the remaining space, and so reach the entrance before she could by auy possibility escape. The step was made, and he had gathered himself for the leap, when suddenly his quick ear detected another sound. He paused abruptly in the position which he had assumed and listened. - It- was a step, approaching cautiously and rapidly; a much heavier. step than that of the girl ; unquestionably the tread of a mau who was endeavouring to be as silent as pos sible. 4 I'll wait a moment," thought the Captain, "and so bag two birds with one shot. This must be the fellow who seized her by the hair and dragged her from the window. I think that I would enjoy getting my hands upon him." Creak, creak, sounded the boards, and the Captaiu turned his gaze towards the girl again, wondering if she would hear the noise made by her approaching enemy and take flight. Hut she seemed iittprhv nnn/ivumnne Via surround ngs She stoud there by the window in that attitude of suppl. cation which had been so noticeable on the previous night. Sudden y the noises in the hall ceased. The Captain listened intently, and could detect the souud made by some pexson breathing near by. The man was evidently in the doorway and about to leap forward upon his victim — for snch she must be. A smothered curse, breathed rather than whispered, fell upon the listener's ears, and then he was conscious that th man glided forward towards the wndow where the girl was standing, seemingly oblivious of all things. Capt i in Williams ai>-o stole forward in the same direction until he stood between them and the door. He had gained a position by which the man was between him and the light, and much to nis surprise he saw that the newcomer was aged almost to infirmity. He parted his lips to speak, to demand the instant surrender of both man and girl, when before he could utter a souud, the intruder stretched forth his hand and grasped her by the shoulder, not by her hair tins time, the Cap tain could see plainly. But the effect of his touch upon her was startling. She sprang awav like a flash and uttered that long, piercing, blood-curdling scream which 6eemed to set the very air to trembling with fright and horror. But it was a moment to act, and ere the scream was fairly uttered the old mau was struggling in the iron grasp of the Captaia. V. The Mysteby Explained. It was, however, a straggle of short duration, for the stranger was quickly borne to the floor. 44 Now lie there until I tell you to move, or I will make it an extremely uupleasantand ex tremely painful operation for you when you do attempt it,',' said he tCaptain threateningly. He then proceeded to ignite a wax taper and presently held it so that the light shone in the old man's face. " Hello !" exclaimed the Captain, who had recognised the face instantly. 44 What does this business mean, J essup ? What are you up to, eh ?" , 44 Captain Williams !" exclaimed Jessup with the air of one who is overcome with astonish ment, and also with a very evident exmvw 1 of relief ; 44 1 am glad it is you I" fl "You are, eh? Who is that girl ?'» 9 " My daughter, 9 «<Jom;4»1ar,hamph! How did du — I k fife? H»w did you? and bow do 5 m manage to come and go at will and kiv« „ IS trace behind you ?" Te I 4 She w my daughter, sir, and she i? mad— crazy. She lost her reason two years ao 9 will tell you the story, sir, if you wiU eomJ J with me to my house." 6 m 44 Why, it is ou the next street." . a " Yes, air : bat there is a secret pas<?aea which connects it with this. C una, I wUUlnvw I it to you." 9 He lei the way through the hall aud opmsl 9 the door which led into a low attic over" thi 9 extension. It admitted them to a short entry 9 not more ihm four feit lou r. Jessup opened 9 the uoor, and then, turuiug, -eized upoa the 9 partition which apparently divided the entry 9 from the outer world. . 1 It blid back quiokly, disclo ln a flight of step! 3 between, the false partition aud tho real one S down which Jessup lei the way. 1 1 They traversed a long un iargrouad passage. 1 way, and presently came to the m>t of another 1 flight of stop, wb-ch tliey mounted, com ugout I at a plaoe almost precisely similar to the entry 1 from which they had left the house in Thirtieth 1 street. 1 44 But your daughter; where is she?" 3 44 In her own room by this time. sir. She 1 always hurries there when I nurpiise her as £ 1 did to-night. Poor girl, my heart bleeds for her." 1 "Um! That's th i reason wtiy you seize her bv 1 the hair aud " 1 " S-iize her b / th 1 hair! Cap'ain, I would 1 ra her die by tot ure than h rt one hair of | h r head. She hus stiff rei enough, God 1 knows." I 44 T-j 1 mi the story, Je3sup, but firat explain I that phosphorescent glo w which she carries " 1 about with her." | 44 Fhat is foxwood, s:r. I am a worker iu 1 woods, as you know, and among them I tome- 1 times use one which I know and buy as fox- 1 wook. I do not know its tochnical name. It | comes from Weern New York. It jiossessesa I strange peculiarity. For two days, and some- f times three or four, in damp weather, it will, after being cut, glow and burn with a phos- \- iliorescnt light iu the dark. Elsie amuses herseil for hours wifh this s ;r uige wood when I J have any of it on hand, ana pleads with me to I make her a crowu. Thau she placis it upon her head, and bedecking herself with the i shavings, imagines herself an angel. j 44 Her 6tory is a sad one. sir. I will tell it iu a few words. She was formerly addicted to the habit of walking in her sleep, and one night while in the somnoleut s:ate she wandered through the secret passage in:o the house where yon saw her to-night." 44 But you should havr> h id it stopped up." 44 Ah, sir, I did not then know that it existed. Would to God that I had ! She wandered iu there in her sleep, and it was <Livs before eha returned to me. I thought that f had lost her. Do you not remember tixe time, air r I inquired at the station-house. 44 One day she returned to me, but, ah, sir, her reason was gone. The loss of her honour and the inhuman treatment which she had received in that house had destroyed her mind. 44 For a long time we could not learn where she had been or what had happened, but at last, during a lucid interval, she showed me the passage and made me understand all the in humanity and savagery of her terrible ex perience. 44 1 think that I nearly went mad, also, sir, Like a maniac I rushed through that passage into the terrible house, thirsting for vengeance ; but it was empty ; the inmates had fled. I re turned a heart-broken man, but I have kept silence, because speaking could do no good. 44 1 nailed up the eutrauce to the passage- way, but Elsie grew so much worse that I was obliged, to open it again, as she demanded. She Bays that she goes there to pray. No one will live there, because she rrightens them away. They believe her to be a ghost. But when she goes there, which is not often, 1 follow aud bring her back. She screams because the memory of that first terrible night there ia ever uppermost iu her. poor mind. 44 It is asad story, sir, and I would rather that others should not hear it — at least until Elsie aud I are gone." After receiving Jessup's promise that ha would so choke up the secret passage- way which connected the two houses that it could never again be used, the Captain returned to the station-honse. 44 Dennis deceived me," he mused. 14 In stead of receiving a blow which stunned him, he was so overawed by thesight of poor Elsie with her head enveloped in the blazing f ox- wood, that he fainted. Ah, well, I cannot wonder at it, aud the mystery may rest as it is." In deference to the old man's wish, the story unu uwsu giveu ui (?ub jjuuuc i ill i ii uywj when it is related as one of those facts which are stranger than fiction, and which are every day happening in ourmidst.- —Xew York Tinii 