VICTORIAN MEMS. A great percentage of the South Gippsland potato crop is stated to be rotting in the ground. The proprietors of the Age intend to appeal against the verdict given in the action brought against them by Mr. J. T. Brown. It is proposed to establish a tobacco factory at Wangaratta, in which district " the soothing weed" will grow luxuriantly. Mr. J. B. Gill's well-knon hurdleracer Whalebone fractured a bone at Oakleigh some little time ego, and has since been ehot. Sir Bryan O'Lophlen has timed the present Ministry to run just t«vo months longer. Then—well, we hardly like to say what then. Judge Hamilton is reported to have* Bail that " a sort of furore arises over a prize fight which inflames everybody — clergymen included." The Melbourne Tramway and Omnibus Company have passed a resolution increasing the capital by the creation of a million new shares. Parliament was formally prorogued from 4th March until Tuesday, the 15th April. The session will not open until the first week in May. His Honor Mr. Justice Hodgee stated in the Supreme Court at Ballarat last week that " not guilty" in English law meant "not proven." Is that all 1 The fruit season at Eaglehawk, North Gippsland, is almost over, and the returnB (says the BairnsAale News) generally are below those obtained laBt season. The Countess of Hopetoun has accepted the presidentship of the Women's Club recently started in Melbourne. Lady Clarke and Lady Davies are the vice- presidents. The Rechabites now show a total strength in Victoria of 8909 benefit and 1302 honorary members, exclusive of the juvenile sections. The funds are stated at .£14,817. On Monday the Government paid £27,185 for the purchase of 503 acres, adjacent to the Yan Yan reservoir, of which a syndicate, including Mr. Bent, M.L.A., was the owner. A well-known bookmaker, wbo declined to pay a fee charged by the V.A.T.C. to bookmakers betting in the paidcck, was escorted off the Caul field course on Saturday week. The average weekly receipts from the railways since 1st July last has been £59,777 16s., compared with aa average of £61,45615?. lid. during the correspord'ng period of last year. The maize crops about Orbost are, it is stated, looking splendid, and the present is likely to be the best season the maiza-growers on the Snowy River have had for years past. Creameries are about to be established at Traralgon, South Glengarry, Flynn's Creek, and the Tyers. A creamery has already been established at Callignee, and is doing excellent work. The Evening Post avers that while inspecting a refrigerator a Ballarat visitor becamfe no interested that when he essayed to move away he lound "he was fast becoming a frozen image." • It is interesting to learn that, although the first-clasB militia reserve is Bupposed to consist of 1800 members—that being the number on paper—there are really only about 50 efficient men in it. Some "spielers" present at the Horsham races are supposed to have stolen £65 worth of jewellery from Mr. Jessell, of Murton, whilst that gentleman was sleeping on a sofa in the Club Hotel, Horsham. On all sides members of Parliament declare that one of the biggest debates of the next session of Parliament will be that on tbe railways, and that Ministers will need to gird up their loins for the fray. The Alpine Observer states that in the Bright district there are upwards of 130 acres of hops in full bearing this season, which will be quite sufficient to keep 500 persons engaged in picking for three weeks to come. The territorial revenue for the year is coming in very well. The estimate for 1889-90 was £505,900, while th sum realised to date is £336,011. The proportionate amount receivable for the period was £329,935. A lunatic is reported by tbe Ararat Advertiser to have effected his escape from the local asylum for insane on Saturday, and has not since been heard of. The same' maD, it is said, escaped from the asylum about four years ago. It has been suggested by Cheok Cong Cheong that Mr. Gillies should officially communicate with the Governments of the other colonies with the view of stopping the traffic in opium, excepting for medical purposes. Thomas Baxter, a jockey, in tbe employ of Mr. Ferguson, horse trainer, was found dead on Longs-road, at Newmarket. It is supposed he was thrown from bis horse which was found with a saddle and bridle on near the house. Oae hundred and twelve entries have been received by tbe Secretary for Agriculture for the priza of £300, offered by the department for the beBt invention in the shape of a cbesp cooling chamber for the preservation of milk, cream, and butter. According to the city coroner, tbe traffic of Melbourne is the worst regulated in the world unless it be in some other city in Victoria. No proper regulations for the control of the traffic are made, or, it they are, they are not properly and strictly carried out. The Farmers' Gazette, issued in the interest of the Farmers' Protection Association, first in Shepparton and latterly in Melbourne, haB ceased to be published. The plant has been seiz>d by Mr. Culdwell, and a month's wages is due to the compositors and literary staff. Mejor Tulloch reports adversely on a proposal for the increase of allowance to the extent of £4 a year to the First Militia Reserve of Victoria ; but he recommends that tbe militia force be increased by 1000 or 1500 men. Militiamen are paid £12 a year. Attempts are heing made to evade the decision of Government to prohibit the entrance into the colony of the Dead Bird. A large number of copies came through the post last week wrapped up in Sydney daily papers, but the officials detected and destroyed many ot them. At the Yiolettown police court, on Friday last, Jane Field was proceeded against by Detective Lomax, of the post and telegraph department, on three charges of giving receipts without stamps for amounts over £5. A fine of 53. and 10a. co3ts in each case was inflicted. A destructive fire occurred at Murrabit near Kerang last Thursday. About 10 selectors lost heavily, one man, J. Gillingham, losing everything, including his buildings and a quantity of wheat, besides live stock. Thousands of acres of grass and miles of fencing were destroyed. The Chief Secretary has arranged to distribute the £2000 of fire brigades grant, notwithstanding the breakdown in the negotiations between the rival associations. The expenditure of the money will be entrusted to six country representatives who are arranging for the Sandhurst demonstration. For the information of bead teachers preparing candidates for "scholarships," it is notified that in fature the attendance required from intending competitors will be 80 school days or 160 half-day attendances during each half-year, but for the year 1889 60 school days or 120 half-day attendances in each half-year will be accepted. The detectives have recovered a quantity of jewellery, valued at about ,£150, supposed to be the proceeds of a burglary at Geelong. The officers noticed two men at Carlton who seemed very bulky and were making a great display of jewellery. Tbey stopped and searched the men, and tound their pockets to be filled with watcheB, trinkets, &c.; On arresting a man near Windermere for " careless use of fire," the constable asked him if he smoked. " Never in my life," was the reply. A pipe, tobacco, and matches being found on his person, he was asked by the Bench to explain. " Oh," he replied, " I am a poor man, and thought the constable wanted to cadge some tobacco." The Governor has transmitted to the Premier a telegram in reply to the address to her Majesty from the Federation Conference as follows :—The Queen has received with much satisfaction the loyal address, and expresses her congratulations to the Australasian colonies on the success of the proceedings of the Federation Conference." Disgraceful scenes of pillage took place at the late fire at Messrs. S. Nathan and Co/a, Melbourne. A large number of men ruBhed into the shop and rooms and carried off an immense quantity of valuable bric-a-brac, ornamentB and Btatuettes. Besides this a vast quantity of valuable furniture, mirrors, &c.;, was destroyed by being thrown into the Btreet. It is currently reported about Middle Brighton that a " ghost" has made its appearance along the foreshore, and that a number of people have been frightened by the dodging here and there of the mysterious object "robed in white." Severed people intend laying themselve open for an " introduction " to it, and then threaten to make matters a bit lively. Mr. Laurens, M.P., of North Melbourne, known in the Assembly as " the member for the Victorian railways," says that any man who had cared to exercise his judgment all along would easily have Been there would be a deficit in the railway accounts. When he foretold "this in Parliament members would not listen to Mr. Laurens, whose day of glory hath arrived. Some weeks ago Mr. Denis Bowes Daly, who a. few months previously had been appointed police magistrate, was suspended by the Public Service Board owing to the discovery of certain irregularities in the accounts which be sent in for travelling expenses. The Board has now considered the case fully, and has decided to reduce Mr. Daly to the position of third-claBS clerk. On 27th ult. Saul S. Hall, a canvasser for M'Carron, Bird and Co., the publishers of Victoria and its Metropolis, was arrested on a charge of perjury in swearing that he never asked any one to sign biographical noteB. John Forrest, defendant in one of the book cases tried at the county court at Horsham, was also arrested on a similar charge, lor ewearing he never signed an order. The railway authorities received information of a curious accident at Newmarket. Two trucks, whilst being shunted there, ran against the buffer-heads with considerable force. One of them contained two valuable horses, and the leg of one was broken in such a manner that it was deemed advisable to destroy the animal. A man who was in the truck looking after the horses was knocked down and BO badly shaken that he had to be removed to the Melbourne hospital. A movement is now in progress io secure a half-holiday every Thursday in Chiltern. A meeting of the tradesmen was held at the town hall on Monday last, and was well attended. Mr. Charles Harvey occupied the chair, and explained the objects of the meeting. It was unanimously resolved that a request to close at mid-day on Thursday be presented to the business people for signature. Several promises of support were received and the meeting then adjourned. Melbourne warehousemen are evidently "pushing" trade in Ballarat. A leading Bridge-street draper and outfitter informs UB (Star) that since Monday last no fewer than 110 commercial travellers and heads of de- partments representing Melbourne wholesale warehouses have waited on him for orders. It seems, however, that trade in Ballarat is not dull, as the Bridge- street draper in question states that he purchased "lines" from the majority of his visitors. The following delegates will represent the various colonies at the conference on rust in wheat, to be held in Melbourne :—New South Wales, Mr. M. L. Anderson (Director of Agriculture) and Mr. H. D. Coker; South Australia, Professor Lowrie (of the Roseworthy Agricultural College) and Mr. George Inglis; Queensland, Mr. P. M'Lean (Secretary of Agriculture) and Professor E. Shelton (Instructor in Agriculture); Victoria, Mr. A. N. Pearson (Agricultural Chemist). Mr. Bullivant, of Yeo (writes the Colac Reformer), some time back purchased a quantity of phosphorised grain, and carefully spread it over a paddock as a tempting bait for bunny. After the first rains he put a flock of sheep to feed on the block, not thinking for a moment, of course, that any harm would befall them. Unfortunately, however, the Bheep must have partaken of the poisoned food, for one morning, to his astonishment, no fewer than 300 of bis best stud ewes were found lying dead in the paddock. A report showing the financial position of the University at the end of 1889 was presented to the University Council at its last meeting. It appeared from the statement that the fees from students attending lectures amounted to £14,915, exceeding the estimate by £1935, so that the contemplated deficiency between the revenue and expenditure of £1344 and the debit balance between the assets and liabilities on the old votes of £74 had been provided for. The total receipts for the year were £33,755, and the expenditure £32,961. Oa Tuesday afternoon (reports the Courier) a very powerful whirlwind arose in front ot the new workshops in Ballarat East. In its course it lifted four sheets of galvanized iron, 8ft. long, from the ground and carried them like sheets ot paper fully 150ft. into the air. One of the sheets in its descent struck a locomotive engine belonging to Messrs. Lewis and Roberts with tremendous force, landing within three yards of one of tbe workmen employed on the engine. The only damage done was to the iron sheets, which were twisted into many One ot the boundary-riders on the Yarraberb estate, while on his rounds during the week, succeeded in killing a fox which he chased into a log. This is the second that has been killed there lattly, proving that there are more about, but foxes are not the only pest that the proprietor has to fight against. There are many dogs also, that now and then are found destroying sheep. There have been instances of late where some valuable stock have been found dead, worried by stray dogs, the owners of which, if found out, deserve to be made pay dearly. The Branxholme correspondent to the Hamilton Spectator writes:—" On Saturday evening some excitement was caused, both at Condah and Branxholme, by the arrest of Messrs. Heaney and Rundell, the well-known drainage works contractors, on a charge of feloniously stealing some wheelbarrows, the alleged property of Messrs. Carroll and Son, also contractors on tbe Condah Swamp. The accused were brought before Mr. W. How&rtb;, J.P., on Saturday evening, and remanded to appear at Branxholme on the 6th March. They were admitted to bail on their own recognisances of £200 each." Recent events in connection with the pilot system have had the effect of drawing the attention of the Minister of Customs to the defects in the present system. Mr. Patterson is of opinion that the time has arrived when a radical change in the whole system will have to be made, and he is busily engaged in considering the matter as a whole. He is quite satisfied that merely purchasing a steamer will not solve tbe difficulty, but is inclined to think that tbe number of pilots will have to be largely increased, and, possibly to ensure attention, he may find it necesssery to throw the service open to competition. No one (writes a Melbourne correspondent) entertains any doubt that there are numbers of deserving men out of employ in Sydney, as there always will be during slack times in every large city. We have them in Melbourne now, and their numbers will increase as the winter months come upon us. But for every honest worker who vainly looks for work, there are three loafers who, if they see work come down the street, nimbly skip round the corner, and hide themBelveB until it has passed by. Are these tbe men for whom State aid should be provided—who are to receive men's pay for a .lazy Government stroke that would disgrace an able-bodied schoolboy ? We learn from Mr. M'Leod, of Waurn Ponds (says the Geelong Advertiser), that the albino aboriginal of Western Australia found recently, and now being exhibited, is not the first that has been discovered on this continent. In the beginning of the year 1812 Mr. M'Leod states that he recollects an albino female being fonnd with a tribe of blacks camped upon a station belonging to Captain Main, located at the junction of the Barwon and Namoi rivers in the Darling district of New South Wtles. The strange-colored aboriginal was a young woman, and said to be the daughter of two of the blackest-skinned members of tbe tribe. Her skin resembled that of a white person, and she had long light flaxen-colored hair, and light blue eyes. An oil painting of large size representing the Princess Theatre and surroundings was inspected by his Excellency at the Treasury a few days since. The painting is executed by Mr A. Flood, an artist who has acquired the art solely through his own efforts, he never having received a professional lessen at any time. His Excellency minutely inspected the picture, and seemed highly pleased with it. The fact of it being executed by an untaught artist increases the interest in the work. A small painting by the same artist was also shown to his Excellency. The Rev. Thomas Dunn and Mr. R. A. Baynham accompanied Mr. Flood, and the first read a brief account of the circumstances under which the picture was painted. This painting and others will shortly be publicly exhibited. The once despised Mallee country seems likely to be a veritable land of Goschen. Large tracts of it have produced enormous yields of wheat, and now it appears that where the cereal has not succeeded, vine* will. There are on view at the Melbourne offices of James Fry and Co. Limited, some magnificent bunches of three varieties of grapes from the parish of Kaniva, county of Lowan, where wheat this season has been a failure. They have been grown on the farm of Mr. D. Gale, and without any special care being taken in selecting the plot of land, and without the latter being in any way dressed. As it is mentioned that similar land is selling at a price equivalent to about £3 10?. per acre freehold, it is evident that vines grown thereon should yield a handsome profit. It seems an inexcusable blunder (remarks the Camperdown Chronicle) that 700 or 800 people should be shut up at night together in railway carriages for an hour and a half, without any effort being made to give them light. This was the txperience of the excursionists on Friday. The train was late on being despatched on the homeward journey from Warrnambool, and the 6low progress of the engine made Lhe hour very late before the passengers were safely deposited on the Camperdown platform. It was 10 minutes to 9 o'clock when the train reached this station, and it was then seen that all the carriages were in darkness. Parents who were awaiting the arrival of their little children were greatly surprised and very much annoyed when^they saw the unlighted carriages. The absepce of lights rendered the journey home exceedingly unpleasant, and added greatly to tbe annoyance caused by the slowness of the train. The case of Mary Ellen Klempton, a young woman who about 18 months ago resided in the Portland district, and was convicted of the murder of her infant child, and sentenced to death, but whose sentence was commuted to 10 yearB* imprisonment, was brought under the notice of his Excellency the Governor recently, when a petition was presented to him praying for her release from prison. It appeared from tbe petition that the young woman has since her imprisonment developed pbytbisis, and that her life might probably be prolonged if she were released from custody. The case was brought under the notice of Mr. Cuthbert, Minister of Justice, by the Rev. H. F. Scott, the chaplain ot the gaol, and as Mr. Cuthbert was of opinion that it was one in which clemency could be exercised, he-advised His Excellency to that effect. Hie Excellency acceded to the prayer of the petition, and the young woman was released from gaol last week. A daring burglary was committed at the hairdresBing establishment of Catherine G. Ke&n;, at the corner of Ferrars and Dorcas streets, South Melbourne, between the hours of 11 o'clock last Thursday night and 4.30 o'clock on Friday morning. At the latter hour the constable on the beat found that the front door of the shop had been forced in, the instrument used for the purpose being a picket that had been wrenched off a fence close by. The thieves ransacked the whole place and carried away 3000 cigars, 50lb. tobacco, 60 pipes, and postage stamps and cash amounting to £2, the whole being valued at £50. During the night a horse and cart were stolen from the corner of Peel and Prince-etreets, North Melbourne, and there is no doubt it was used for carrying off the booty. Having accomplished their purpose the burglars took back the horse and cart, which were found in Peel-street on Friday morning. Detectives Fleming and Lockhart have the case in hand. Peter O'Callaghan, a farmer residing at Rylands, near Kilmore, was arrested on Friday by Sergeant J. Cilfidder, on a charge of wilful murder of a swagman, name unknown. It appears that O'Callaghan was in bed when the deceased forced hiB way into his houBe by breaking tbe fastening of the door, O'Callaghan grappled with his assailant and expelled him, but the man remained outside using violent and threatening language, which so provoked O'Callaghan that he obtained his gun, and firing at the deceased when he was fifteen yards from the house, shot him through the neck. The man died shcrtly afterwards, and O'Callaghan sent information to the police. The inquest was held at the court-house, Kilmore, on Saturday morning, by Mr. J. Keogh, coroner. The coroner, in bis summing up to the jury, defined the difference between murder and manslaughter, and, after a short retirement, a verdict of manslaughter was returned against O'Callaghan, who was committed to take his trial at the Central Criminal Court at Melbourne on the 17th inst., being admitted to bail in substantial security. A conviction arising ont of a movement fort he opening of the Public Library on .Sundays was called in question at the Court of General Sessions, Melbourne, on Thursday last, before Judge Hamilton. On the 20th November laat a meeting was held near tbe library, and arrangements were made to wait on Dr. Maloney and other• e?ie- Sors, with a view to procuring the opening of the buildings on Sundays. Subsequently the meeting dispersed, and most of its members walked down S wanston-s reet. Thomas A Eigle was arrested for leading an unlawful procession, and was fined at the C.ty Court 4 0„ with 23. C3. costs, or seven days imprisonment. He now appealed (the ^e says) against the magistrate's decision. His Honor held that there had not been an unlawful procession, any more than if a number of people were soing in the same direction to catch a train or a crowd of persons followed a prisoner who was being led away to the lockup by the police. There was no one in command ot the gathering, nor was it arranged after the fashion of a procession. A number of persons desired to reach a common destination, and walked in tbe same direction, as they had a perfect right to do. The conviction was quashed and the appeal upheld, without costs. An imposing ceremony is to take place in the Freemasons' Hall, Collins- street, Melbourne, on the 17th inst., viz., the installation of officers tor the Becond year of the United Grand Lodge of Free and Accepted Masons of Victoria, which was established 12 months ago, by virtue of the constitution under which this new Grand Lodge of the order was established, under the sanction of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, Grand Master of the institution in all British dominions. Bro. the Hon. Sir W. J. Clarke, M.L.C., has already been elected Grand Master for the second year, and Bro. A. Ellis Grand Treasurer. The question will arise at the preliminary meeting of the Grand Lodge whether the other officers shall be nominated by the Grand Master, or elected by the members, this being a moot point; and in the meantime a meeting of Past Masters and Worshipful Masters of Lodges is to take place, in order that the subject may be diecussed and finally settled. The general tendency of the brethren of the order seems to be in favor of the elective principle. On the occasion of the installation, all Master Masons will be admitted to '.he gallery, the floor ot the hall being reserved for Past Grand Lodge officers, Past 'Masters, Worshipful Masters of Lodges and Wardens. Madame Francois Pauline Vine, who, on the 8th of July last, was convicted before magistrates of keeping a disorderly houBe and sentenced to 12 months' imprisonment, appealed on the 27th ult. at the General Sessions Court against the conviction. Mr. Eagleson appeared on her behalf, and Mr. Donovan appeared for the respondents. The appellant became insolvent after the conviction, and left the colony and went to Hong Kong ; but she was arrested and brought back to Victoria at the instance of a creditor in her estate. The evidence given was the same as that taken before the magistrates. It was to the effect that in May and June last the appellant was the occupier of a house, No. 98 Lygo» street, Carlton, which was frequented by women of low character. The grounds of tbe appeal were that Madame Vine was not the occupier of the house, but that it was occupied by a man named Reeder, who kept a tobacconist's shop in the front portion of the house. On the other hand, the police stated that the tobacconist's shop was evidently only kept to blind the character of the house. Mr. Eagleeon pointed out that the appellant had been in prison since November last, and asked his Honor, even if he] thought she was the occupier el the house, to remit a portion of the sentence, as it was a very severe one. His Honor held that the case against; the appellant waa proved, and stated that he could not see his way to vary the sentence. He therefore confirmed the conviction, and dismissed the appeal. 