An Ocean Tragedy. By W. CLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER XXVI, vnmi's DELUSION. It was pleasant to learn next'morning that the breeze which-had been slipping: us nimbly through it since we had trimmed sailfor our homeward-bound run had not only blown steadily all night, giving us an average of some seven knots an hoiu:, but s had- gathered a little 1 >n- in-" J crease of weight at sunrise, so that II T awoke to as much life m tlie vessel in the ..resonant iumming. irom alofty^e ^.'fasteci^/to tlie sloping, of the spars as ; thougli-ine north-east:-tei.des .were pou^ ing: full upon 'the starboard-bow and we- 1 were - buzzing! through the-.-cool • Athintic parallels within a distance of soundings tliat would render talk about Southampton and arriving home reasonable. ITor.iiiy part ever since we had penetrate^ these ''doldrums," as they are called, 1 was dreading the long dead calms of the frizzling belt where a catspaw is hailed in God's name and where the roasting eye of the sun sucks out the very blue of the atmosphere till the heavens go down in a brassy dazzle to the ocean confines as though one were shut ui> in a huge, burnished bell with a white-hot clapper for light. My spirits were good as I sprang out of my bunk arid made for the batli-room. It was not only- that the fresh wind whistling hot through the open scuttle of my berth caused me to think of homo as lying at last, fairly over the bow instead of over the stern as it had been, for weeks ; the object, of this trip, such as it was, liadbeen achieved ; there was nothing more to keep a look-out for j nothing more to hold one's expectations tautened to cracking point. Everything that was material had happened on the preceding morning, and the toss of the colonel's body last night over the gangway by lantern light with Lady Monson looking oil was like the drop of the black curtain : it was the end of the tragedy ; the orchestra had filed outj the lights were extinguished, and we could now pass into heaven's invigorating air and live again the old easy life of commonplaces. 1 So ran my thoughts as I emerged from . my berth with a very good appetite and made my way to the sparkling breakfasttable. I seated myself on a couch waiting for Wilfrid and Miss Laura; the stewards hung about ready to serve the meal. I .called the head one. to me and said, "Is there any chance of Lady Monson. joining us at table, do you know ? " "I think not, sir," lie answered. " Wlio attends to her—I mean as regards her meals ?" "Miss Jennings' maid, sir. She told me this morning her ladyslrips's Orders are - .that a seperate tray should be prepared for her for breakfast; lunch and dinner. Her breakfast was taken to her aboutteiv roimitesago." ? "-So.ilimay.presume," said I, "that • she findsherself pretty w?ll tbis.mprning?. w - " I was to tell you, sir," lie answered, "that Sir Wilfrid "will not come to table." " How is he 1" • "Be didn't complain, sir; just said " I'll breakfast in my cabin this morning!" All right," said I, and tlie man retired. iTliere was nothing unusual in Wilfrid ; v breakfasting in his cabin. I was glad to hearthat he did not complain ; as a rule he was very candid if in suffering ; owned 5reeiy .^whatever troubled him, however , vrifling, and made much of it. a iew minutes Miss Laura came from her berth. Her face had the .f-delicacy of look that in her at all events I took to express a troubled or sleepless : mghfc . Her-eyelids were a little heavy; rlier lips; wanted their dewy freshness of line. Yet no woman. I thought, could ever show sweeter than she as she advanced and took my hand smiling up at me and subtly incensing tlie atmos- "^>ilere with a flower-like fragrance that had 1 nothing whatever to do with the scent rbottle. I. , told her that Wilfrid :• would'not breakfast withusandwe seated ourselves. ••; " He is well, I hope ?" • "Oh, I should think so, if I may :]udge . from what ithe ^steward tells me. ^ -I'I^ m uponhun after breakfast. : . ®ave you seen Lady Monson tins morning ? " she.-answered, "I sent my maid . with a message and the reply was that • Lady Monson wishes to be alone." ."-Sow-,. Miss Jennings," said I gently • • but with some emphasis, "you must let . nothing, that Laidy Monson does vex you. • YoU" have, done your duty; .she-.is on board this yacht; 1 shall grow, fretful if I . think you-intend to. waste asingle breath !/: 'of the sweetness of your heart upon the • < 'arid air. of. Madam B enrietta's d eser r "nature I dare say jou have scaicely t^closed your eyes all night (lirough thinking about her " "J'About her and other things " "Why iease yourself? A sister is a sister;only so long as she chooses, to act and jfceel as one It is indeed a tendei word—a Weet -relationship "-But if ?a; > woman coolly cuts all.fa.mily ties^--" & -fe&XHheadfjrsmiling.;'Your "-Sonfaf^ 'Mi-;Mo^on.,_ You S^jraulA argue of -a sjster aipyou would of a j^idBgradati£fn;r.tlie irackedness:-of..;fclsose we" . jt-jJse — Thc-c — no -nc I -m i sure would d re kneel down in pi yer if it was believed th t Gods mercy de pended upon orn ow actzon All •4 us would ieel cut off Not-iill, I thought looking .it her, but sat silent awhile feeling rebuked I wa a .young man then, T can turn b ck now scarred as I am b m n ear of lifes w rfare and ee th t I w h rd too ^Lrdon tlio e thougl tl da s of -mine th ^knowing little or=jo£hing of sufferm my elfj/I knew little oi jiofhing of "tho ftdeep^and wondiouB \ ta. ty of liumau s^patliy >ouJ3nd jn^ny comaois m iMiuiiiah. ifature 'wliin ^ ou. enter tat,} palji is he onl wa on and to miss; cordis merelyg onS^Sgi ^ E l i l i m then lead then oak, and so on. Nothing but the last trumpet could influence the ashes inside." . " But why: did you ask that question, Mr. Monson?" " Well," said I, "you know that we buried : #ie colonel last night ?" She started. "1 did not know ! " she. exclaimed. ."Yes," I continued. "We slung a couple of lanterns, and Finn read the' service. Just before the body was launched your sister arrived, rising like a. ghost amongst us." •'•.•••. • - . ,-••• :: She looked .greatly shocked. - Was. Henrietta really present ? she exclaimed; " How could - - she - have known -what the men have thought of . jl^idjaos^f^^^a^^" ., „ .. . 'a- fWiu"mb said l, "'and -wlien you come to tlie httle c finger you must begin again.. All's one i \TOh : some:i>'ebp^^ Am i too liaid:'on iiuiivaii -nature m-- sayiiig this?" o But she merely exclaimed, as though to herself, "How could she "be present?' How could she be present 1" "Well, now, mark what follows, Miss Jennings," said I; " when the body had vanished, your sister walked right aft, kneeled upon the grating, and in that posture of- supplication continued to watch tlie dark waters for upwards of ten minutes. Meanwhile I was gazing at her from the gangway, where I stood in the dusk fidgeting exceedingly. For what was in my mind? Suppose she should fling herself overboard ! " Her violet eyes rested thoughtfully upon my face. " I should not have been afraid," she exclaimed with a faint touch of scorn which made wonderfully sapid her voice that was low and colourless. "Of course you know your own sister," said I. " Finn took your view. I mentioned my misgiving, and his long head waggled most prosaically in the moonlight." "Women who behave as my sister has, Mr. Monson," she exclaimed, with the gravity of a youug philosopher, " are too selfish, too cowardly, too much in love with themselves and witli life to act as you seem to fear my sister might. They may go mad, and then, to be sure, tliore is an end of all reasoning about them ; but whilst they have their senses they may be trusted so far as they themselves are concerned. In perfectly sane people many noble qualities go to impulses or resolutions which are deemed rash and impious by persons who falter over the mere telling of such deeds. My sister has not a single noble quality in her. She may poison tlie lives of others, but she will be extremely careful to preserve her own." " Now if I had said that—" said I. "Oh," she auswered, with the little colour (tliat had come into her cheeks fading out of them, " 1 will never reproach you for telling the truth,"" After breakfast I went to Wilfrid's cabin, and found him up and dressed, sitting in an easy-chair, reading his diary, which I took the book to be. He held the volume dose to his face ; his legs were crossed, his feet in slippers, his right hand grasped his big,"meerschaum wliich. ; as "filled; with yeliowifobacco^iipt»'Ket;. lighted. .fl!he"cabm-wmdow'Vas opeilj ancl;' the draperies oi tin? handyonieliu.jo. nprivt.- ment stirred to the pouring of the rich, hot, oceaii breeze through the orifice. " You look vastly comfortable, AYilf," said I. " Glad to find you well. But.it must be a bit dull here though V " Not at all," said he, putting down the book and lighting liis pipe. " Sit and smoke with me." "Why not oil deck? " I answered, sitting nevertheless. "A wide view in hot weather takes the place of a cool utanospliere. The sight is sensible of the heat as well as other organs. It may be cooler down here in reality than it is under the awning above, but these cribbed and coffined bulkheads make it very hot to the eye spite of that pleasant gushing of wind there." He quietly sucked at liis pipe, looking at me through the wreaths of tobacco smoke which "went'up from his bowl. 1 lighted a 1 cigar, furtively observing his face as I did; so. He was pale there was .nothing novel in that, but I. noticed iui expression of anxiety in liis eyes that was new-to me; a.look of sane, concern as though some difficulty novel and surprising, yet not- of ::a:-cliaracter to strike deep, had-befallen .him. T glanced at the 'breakfast, tray tliat was upon the - table near which lie was seated and easily guessed by what remained that he had made a good meal.His manner was quiet, even subdued': tip symptoms , of; the old jerkiness, of the odd probing •gestures. .6f. ;liead;;with a thrust of his mind, as it were, into one's face as .if his uiteUect-weire'.^'shb^ He ,was ,airily : clotlieddnwhit^ shirt wide open at the collar, and a small siik cap of .a jockej' pattern was . perched upon his head. '_'." : " Has linn removed the - five-guinea piece front the mainmast?" said.lie. • "I don't know; Wilf.'" • . "I must send word to him to take; t charge of it, and to tell (lie men that- the inoiiey.-irill.be distributed among (.hem on our arrival. I shall be glad to get home." " And so shall I upon my word " :. s' '.The ceaseless motion of- the sea," he continued, talking, quietly ..and- with - a •more sensibleiookiiKhis.face^thansli.liad mtnessed>m>3iim^smcej%e..liour-!ioMour' staitj^i-growsso'diBtrafctingly monotonous! afjjerja.time, thatl can readily, believe cat? 'affecfcs^TYeak'lieads^ sell the Bride ' I nodded "How long should the run home occupy us ? " lie asked 'i:- 1 Let us call it a month, or five weeUs at the out ide for everybody s sake I du ncied of He moled foi a minute in silence \ ith' thoughtful f ce nd then said Tive weeks jji one s cabin is a, long impiison ; ment I un gined ho refeired to his wife nd i that he wa feeling his wa m. this round • about fashion "to-talk about Tier There i i no necessity to b .imprisoned for five' week said I Your Aclit-is an ; oce n linei full of pa enge b who e stales 1 and -whisjpers might indeed prove enib i | T ing So far as If m. concerned I m; quite willing to pionfise very"lione £l never even tolodk'f , 4BE 0 s tTejnmrgs is all tenderne s^nd sweetne s§a!i3. ym th t M^d^be^tWg^ f^d jfefoY^ Bectoioii»jUpongnf^er 'presebce-^.s_4o hi^adorO^^ontoued^ofcicmgfwithout^ corSprelierHing^^^air ^ofiliemiaerment " Quite right, " said he, " and tedious it is if it's to last five weeks." "But,' my dear Wilfrid, I was endeavouring. Wpoint/^ that the imprisonment to which you refer is unnecessary ; in fact, .after,, last night—" . But here I suddenly bit iny lip to tile perception that it would -be rash. and innwise on my vpart to let him know that, his : wife had-bfeen present at Colonel Hope- Kennedy's burial. " What I mean is," 1 continued, talking rapidly, "if it's a mere/question, of sensitiveness or jprideieeoiluig from observation,- why not imitate the great Mokanna: ;•<:': ,=". ; onsequently-requii'e: no silver veils j Aut ii ; Miss'^^.iiiiira's :.^ardrbb'fe,;'tberev ; shdui'^ He was now gaping at me, and cried ut,- "Your brain wanders this morning, Charles. Do you mean that I should go veiled?" ' "' " You 1 " I exclaimed ; " certainly not. I am not talking of you." t . " But I am talking Of myself, though," he cried. I looked at him with, amazement. "You do not mean to say that you intend to imprison yourself in tliis cabin till we get home?" He shook his head. " I don't imprison myself," he answered, '' I am imprisoned." " By whom, pray ?" "Can't you see ?" I ran my eyes round tlie cabin. " No, no ! " lie shouted, "look at me. Don't you perceive that I can't get out? How am I to pass through that door ?" "How are you to pass through that door?" I-exclaimed, "why, by walking through it, of course. How else ? "- " Ay, and that's just what I can't do," said he, with a melancholy shake of tlie. head. "But why not, Wilfrid?" I cried, scarcely yet understanding how it was with him. "Because," he answered, petulantly, looking down himself, then at his arms and legs, "I am too big." I perceived now what had come to him, and felt so dismayed, so grieved, so pained^ 1 may say, to tiie very heart, thatfor.some moments I was unable to speak. However, with a violent effort I pulled myself together, and lighting my cigar afresh in a demonstrative way, for the mere .sake. of obtaining What concealment I could get out of my gestures and my puffing of the tobacco clouds, I said, " Big you always were, Wilfrid; but never so big—and not now so big—as not to be able to pass through that door. See! let me go first ; put your two hands just above my hips and you'll follow me~tlirougli.as easily-irs reeving a rope's end through the sheave hole it belongs to. " I rose, but be waved me off with an almost frantic gesture. '' My God, -liian ! ,"- he shouted,.'' wliat is the use of talking ? 1 could no more;..get. tlirougli;;^that;;.'door than I could pass through tliat porthole." f'Butrdon'tyou think wernnght manage; •to" hdul^ju. stlifough;? " Sit dowir,Dij-dear fellow,."lie continued, speaking.with an. almost cheerful.note in his voice; "it lsa veiygrave inconvenience,' but it must bo met. : Tliis . cabin is commodious, and with you and Laura to come andkeepni'ecompmyiand^'ith^ solace of my pipe and books, why I shall be veiy nearly as well off as if 1 could got on deck. ; Besides," he added, liftJ^liis'jShger. and addressing me with that old air of made boj-ish ana patlietic-by the quivering of his eyelids"airid tlie.:laib>\ - iiig look.'his. mouth put on, " even if I was not too much swelled to pass through that door," he glanced at it as if it were a living thing th'at.demanded respectfulspeech/tfomhim^ " 1 should never be able to get through the companion hatch." - -.*'•;• , " Well," said l,- "it, no doubt, is. as you say. : A little.jiatience and you will find yourself equal, I am sure, to leaving j-our cabin. If not, and you fear' the .idea- of .a ;squeezej:' : tli<3re.. •iB.VdiTajs'-'-ypur'- carpenter at hand. A few blows dealt at yonder bulkhead would make room for an elephant." ;'.'-'.:'; J .;'; fh..i "Ay, that.would.be all very-well, "said -lie, " so far as this cabin is concerned. But would you have me . order 'the carpenter.to rip up the deck with leagues Of Atlahfic weather Tight ahead of us '! •" I feigned to agree. No useful result could possibly follow any sort . of. reasoning with him whilst tliis extraordinaiy fancy possessed his brain. I watched him attentively to remark if lie moved or acted as if liis. hallucination involved physical condihons, as: if m short he was • sensible ;;of;.(Iie;;weight of excessive growth in his body , and' lunbs : for I remembered the case of- a: man 1 once beard of, who, believing himself to have .grown enormously scorpulent in a single night, acted the part of an un- ;mensely.-fat man^by breathmg-pursily and with laliour, by grasping Ins /stomach as though .'it stood out .a considerable dis- tance ahead of hnn, and by other samples of behaviour which, in: his, madness: lie niiglit imagine properly .belonged to. theobese: ; . But could detect no" conduct: ; o thissort in.Wilfridrputsidethat inspectionof'hniiseKw]uch'l-:inentioned--wlieni'hei first told me that lie had gLown too Kg to; vwitlilfiiifor^ long liafl-liour:' f He asked iSisposal of the colonel's body, noi re verted' ; to ; thii'. extent -of ; tlie. -. fainte'st ixnplication:-to .the' Imcidents -;of: tlie -pre-- cedmg day Yet lie conveised -witli perfect rationa'Hty'.;;.Jiis-/manndrs were 1 land with something of dignitymliheni, r it eemed indued if the poor fellon : ciayine liad localised ll elf jn tins new: and astounding f ncj of Ins being unable to queeze Ins i\aj through on deck •leaviiigiiis'Miiin^^Kall'-ao cle r and seiene yet mad a w -tlie' notion "that h d now seized linn I could; not but secietl feel tli t there w mores ladnessCTetanyhSaaiisensSi^^fdiOirwiiati 1 d h ppened as thouo-lijndeed.ilie light, of memori anjiim J ad een extmgmsliedS and he^M consciolis^f Nothing- ffifr wh t 'w etu lly'pa mg^iefoieshife eyes * berth, and does not scruple, :I suppose, "to use eveiything that you possess. Well, we are a queer little sliip, T must say; the husband self-imprisoned by fancy, on one side, and a wife, self-imprisoned by heaven knows what emotions oil. the. other side ; and both doors within kick of • a.../foot from either threshold. It is a picture to :encourage an ingenious -mind fired with matrimonial resolutions !'•' •- /.''Menare fools- to.get marriedl" she exclaimed piquantly. • " And women ? " said I. "•Oh, .it; is the:i.business -of women to^ jnake J meti fools, t' ehe?anawera''d.' V ^ fools"of 3ienj"*bu't that it is merTwko'- make fools of themselves. Yet "this' I vow before all the gods : if I had married a "woman like your sister and slie had served.me as slie has served her liusband, I should .wish to be mad as Wilfrid is. He does riot-ask.after :her, seems to have ul;terly;forg6tten was sent to his ..rest yesterday. Oh„>how delightful! Why you hear of women like Lady.,Monsoii driving their, spouses, into liideoiis courses of .iifej forcing, tliem to-search for oblivion- in. &iiik;, gambling; and so. on, until they -end as penniless miscreants, ,as brolcen-dowri pih ; pie-ridsed rogues, arid-all for love, forsooth ! But how.is Wilfrid.-.served-? Some wildre^ed imagination slips into' Hs\\-br^in,. ;.turiis all the xiaihtirigs to the sWiill, and 'with: nimble.hands falls tO' w'Oiir.to s^i'msh.Sie galleries, inside "his skull witli tajiestiy liMigings which" ^Qie' forgetting of all things else." -- ; "But, Mr. Monson," cried she, " surely with-some little trouble oneniight sueceed in persuading him, whilst' feigrimg. .to admit he has increased -in' ^iz'e, tliat .\be -is iiot too big to pass through liis door; "I^t us .pay him a visit;," said I. She at once rose. Wii liad fiflislied dinner, some. time... 1 had been chatting with her over .such slender .dessert . as . a yacht's stores hi those days supplied—figs; uutfl, raisins, ljiscuits, and tlie like. The' westering sun coloured the cabin with a ruby, atmosphere amid irliich lihe wiii'es. oh tlie tibl.e glowed in rich c-ontrast-witli (lie snow-white damask and;tlie icy sparkle 'iif crystal, ivhilst red stars trembled in the silver lamps, w^th .a soft-crimson lustre; flaking, as it seemed, ujidn tlie eye ont. of the. miri'qrs. : Tlie humming iviiid'.gushed pleasantly tlu-ougli the open skylight and do-wn the batch way, and'' set the leaves of nodding. To think of the woman for whom all this show, was: designed,; for wlioin all these elegancies were heaped together, the mistress, indeed, of tlie gallant aiid^beautiful.lit'tle'fibric (ihat^was;i3eai^iiig : us with a prettj' saticiuess over this sea of sapphire and under this reddening equinoctial heaven, sulking in lier cabin, a disgraced,' a degraded, a socially ruined creaturij', imxirisoned by. her own'^hand, and pride acting- tlie. jiart of turnkey to her ! But Miss-Jennings was making her waj T to. Wilfrid's cabin, arid there was no leisure now for moralising. . .'• :'-. ' . Wo entered. The remains of the dinner sre Still" bad done exceedingly well. I'liis did riot look as- though he. suspected that eating had anj'tliing to do with liis. suddeii astonishing gi-owth. He had emptied one jiint bottle of.champagne, and another about a quarter full stood at his. elbow witli a.bumper just poured out, apparently, alongside, it. -He had attired himself in dress clotlies again, and. sat with an air of state and dignity, in his annrchair, toying -B-iiJia large cigar not yet lighted. "How d'j'e :do; Laura,' my dear? •:"Sit down. : Sit, Charles. . There is plenty of room for slender people like you."•;;:•"'': I placed a chair for Miss Jennings and vaulted. into. Wilfrid's bunk, for though the cabin was roomj' in proportion to the burthen of the yacht, tho accommodation was bj'no means ample, owing, to the furniture tliat'crdwded-the deck. His high clieek .bo'ne's liess coated his. ej'es, but this I l-oadily ascribed to the champagno ; tlie interior was hot, and Miss Laura cooled her sweet face with a black fan that hung .at' her waist. My eousui -watched her uneasily, as if he feared she would see somothing in him to divert her. ,5;..;;^. •'O^vSv'" " Do you feel now, Wilfrid," said I, " as if j'ou could get on deck ?" ... . : " Oh, - certainly noc," : he answered" warmly, " I wonder that you should ask such a question. Compare niy figurewith He looked at lIiss'Laru-a with' a shrug: of his shoulders as though he pitied me. ;; "Surely, Wilfrid," she. exclaimed, "you could pass through quite easily, and without hurting yourself at all." "Quite easily 1 Yes in pieces 1 " he cried.sconifully. " But it is not that you are both blind. Your wish is to "humour me. ' -Please .-do 'notlimg of the sort W]iatIcan.Eee,::you.cansee.-Xook-'at: this bulk." He put down liis cigar .to ,graspliiEbreast:with- : both-hands'.."-Look atthese,"he:continued 3-sk,ppmg.-fii'st:an arm, then a leg. L '' It is.a most: fortunate: thing, thatJ.. should3iave:-broadened-"only. : Had! increased. correspondingly;mheight;t I shouldnot have been able to stand up 1 f; right in tins cabin," and lie directed a gl^ceKat;athe;wupper,5^de"^Vf:orSceiln%;5 whilstra shiver ran through Jiufi" ^ J thouglit nowIwouiaSourLdgiisimmaf! j the extent I found m this 1 particular f -hallucma(aon^eyWQuldr be rwatched;7not/fo£]ns;ow^isecmu(yianIy^' T sbutjfor-ithat/of- iall'otbersfonv'boardWfWhy;' asv :.youv-may.iffsuppose,^4iis^'cra2mess9tooki the wilde fc nd mo t tragic ccentuation : when o e tliought of wlieie one was—m the veiy heart of lie va t Aii ntic a goodly company of us on bo id a little slnj th t w as ea lly to ]ie nade a "bon ii l oi s li cmju I i bind "v nU gui powder enough stowed somewhere a"way down forward to complete jn a jiff tliej work„ tliat the fl me might Jie = ltli i fesr % r Yon a 0 not inquire aftei "Xad lloSf requirfes," answered the girl. - " She -declines to have anj-thitig to say to irie—to meet me—to hear of me." .- i ' ; , He nodded his head . slowly arid,gravely at her, and lowering liis voice said,." Can . she hear us, do j'ou think ?";,''-.',V^j-.•••';.: ' "No," 1 exclaimed, " not; through (lie two-bulkheads with the iridth of passage between." , :He smoked, leisurely whilst lie kept liis eyes thoughtfully bont on sMassi- Laura. " My:couBin,"" said he, addressing her as thoughIwere.absent,."haB ^.ecojTOiyy^ur^tifoATviia/' 1 "—" ISuraj -y a"3ored ! lier.' r ~Sli¥ ill -clnied Tier- ™£d.- "What term would .youapply-.to-a.Awbmaiii-'hejii-oceeded, " who should abandons devoted husband that worshipped .'the ground she walked :upon?v:»who:shouM:desel-tthesweetest. . little infant "—I tlmiiglit his voice would falter tore,' ^Se^ fix;ed regard of his eyes—" that ever, came from heaven to fill a mother's heart witli love? who . should forfeit a. position of distinction .and- opulence—who should stealthily creep like a thief in the night from a iiomij of .beauty,-of .elegance,. and .qf:si)leridbur;; an: end of subhideprivity. iliat;;it must bo riamelessS ""shis'fdr.e&ige;'r-- shot up-witli a jerk and his eves /gloive'd Purider • the trembling of th'e lids. '"WhSt is the term j'ou would apply to suchai. woman?" he continued,.now scowling and with an imperious note in his voice. ' 1 guessed tlie word that was in liis mind and cried, " Why, mild of .course." •' Mad 1.". lie thundered violently,. slapping liis; knee and -breaking into : a short; semi-delirious laugh. . -He leaned forward as.thougli;h'e wojild. take Miss Laura into his strictest. confidence, and putting his haridltqihe'side-flfliis-mouthhewhisiiered,- ."She is mail..._'.Wd-iiorie of us kriew.it,- LauSa. Mj' firstact then v/heri we Teach home will be to confine her. . Biit "riot a; .•n r ord;..iniiid'J'" i " He JigM jiis iijiger to Iris Jips; slowly lGaiied ,back..4ii'iiiS' jOi^&^Soah.-SKiih.a face painful •with ;its ..smilfe.-qf... cuiining. ttiid .triumph; • . i .saw that theigirl was. getting scared -; so-mthout-addl- dropped out. of the bunk on to my feet-i • " An excellent ;sche'mc!, Wilfrid 3'-'-.said I,:'' -iii fact the only t-liing to be done. But ..m^'d&Kf;^S^ni^'&nQv; the-aifcmosphere here is; ;jiist roasting: . I'll take. nings on declc.for a tuni, ana when j -ain. cooleS. xloirciVa bit--I'll' look iii uj)ori you. for turning in." . . . .., "All right," lie exclaimed. "Laura •looks as if she Rants': sOmc fresh air.; before • Send.one of tlie stevrards to me, will yon, as you pass through the cabin ? 15ut mind, both of you—hush 1 Not a word, you understand ?" " Trust lis," sirid. I, and sick at iieai't 1. took>li.ss Laura's hand and led her ont of the cabin. As 1 dosBil the doui- she reeled and would-have, fallen but for the arm I'passed round;-her. I conducted her.to-a.coiich.and.Hrooureda.glass^of breezing down through the wide skylight, and she quickly recovered. Ar It j^^.-^teEiri^tilter-^ res-^l" sirig her fingers to her ej-es and -shaking her head. " 1 should fall craxy myself were 1; much with' hiiii. His siitiere, his face, too ! The. thought of.his iniseiy, his injury, the . irreparable wrong done liiiri^poor Wilf, poor .Wilf !•" Hertender heart-gave way and she- wept piteouslj'. :. • :'•'"•'•::';•-' When she was soriiewhat. conijiosed she fetched a hat and accompanied mo on deck. -The dusk down to the hqrizori was clear and fine,.riclily-spangled to where the h.ird black line of the odean ruled the firmament. On high sailed.mariy mefcors like Hying fish sparkling out of tlie d;irk velvet; some of' them scoring under the trembiingfbo^tellatM lingered long on the eye and respnibled a length of nioon-colbured . steam slowly settling away before the breath of a soft air. There were lriany shooting stars, too, without the; comet-lilve grace' of the meteoric flights slyarp, bouiiding sparkles that riiade. one-think''of tlie flashing:of muskets levelled at tliericean by visionai-y j hands in the hovering, star-lii'den gloom. The', wind was failing.; the yacht was sailingwith erect, masts, .witli a rhythmic swinging of • the -hollows ;of her canvas - to the-light weather rolls of the . vessel on the lender unduliitioris. ; It. was lilte the regular .ibreatliing- of each great white breast; - The dew -was.-;lieavy'and.cooled", the draught as a-fountain- tbe-atmosphere round about it..- A: little-sleepy :noise of {purring froth came .from the bows. All was hushed along the decks, though as the :yachfrlifted forward I could' make- outi some figures pacing .tlie .forecastle apparently with naked feet, for-, no 'footfall; reached the ear. "Alas," said I, "the wind is failing dread-the. stagnation .of Hiese waters.' Ihave.heardofshipsrlyingbecalmedhere .for-Wo-andtliree'-montilis'.at a stretch-; in :all.those ihideons ..days ^ofj.fiyinghsuxis'ianfl-'. steaming £iiights:-scaicetraversmgtwenty ;^ 11 leagues ' r " We^weie becabned a foitmght ori' the imie,"-saidiMiss'Laura, "on our passage' j •. - - at.sea PM g-rlea i^et^fear we^re BpoLed 1/ooV i araigfitj- up/lIiSr Jenmag^you jvill be=J hold'iiivery storm of shooting stais 'Wlien* "was iii these wateis, bufe-ririicli more; ivest«,nd east than where Ve now aie, I took notice that whenever the sky shed aneteors;m'any:abundanceia.'cahn:followedj-. and tlie duration of the tagnant tune was in proportion to the bundance of-itlie" silver disch rge JBut who is that standing r aft by the wlieel there ® j- M _ question w lie rd and nsweied Itsme-OSptA®i!Si^ir,, r C? ' Wele m fora calm 1 fear^Tinn Ig fe rf,so sii he^an wered ^oirH first time. I've heard of BUCII whini®. .1 was orice shipmate •srithiai^mari 1 iwhi?: believed liis nose to be a knife. • I've seen him atiying to cut up. tobacco witli it. There's rioarguing with people when they gets theipi,.tampers." • : . " But don't .-yon thinij Gaptain l'iim,'! said Miss Jennings,• . "that with. some trouble Sir Wilfiid'iftdght' be coaxed into i coming oil d eclc ? . If ho could be indKced " to pass through Ins door he would find the hatch easy. Then, when on declt, i?onfidbnce;,w:pul!" would- tearhim-to'- through." '•''TJienj.Eirj'l.'OXclaimed'-vU with eriergy, "if. he says it you inay de'peritVupoii.it.lie'Merges it, sir, and if" he b'elieve's it then I donl't doubt tliat physical force. bj r . way of getting Ishn out of-^uS/Cabiii wOuid be th'e most, :d.angdrotS; b L tiling that could be tried. It's aU the ji^veSj;.siiv. ^pie.^g;on-;;ai;rarigem to bust a man operi by acting upon liis iinagination. Mr. Monson, sir, 1'H tell'ee what once happened to riie. . I had a fever, and when 1 recovered, my narves was pretty nigh all gone: I'd cry one moment like a baby, then lau£ii ready to splvt iny ,s'id6ii.;o¥er riothen ai -Si.'- 1 look on .1 riotiorithat I may lay wiolent hands on myself if tlia opjwrtunity oiFered. It wasri't tliat^'wirite'd to'liui-t ;imself,\but that I , jv;as afisef ed I iDmild-. I recollect bein^'iri'my/littlo'pgrlb^ Avas a bit of : ai sideTioai'd agiri- the ;wall, with a drawer in which myviriissus ke^': the table knives we ate with.' Tho thought of tliein:kirives gave riie'-a)fright." I wanted-to leave the room, rbut .to . get to' tlve : door. I sliorild^^-liave.^topass .tlie drawer where ith'eni knives. Svere arid I cOuldu-t stiiv' .YoUi'-lionoiU', such was "tlie state ofmy names'-' that' the agony of being., diugged'past that door would-baye been - as bud »s wrenching nie in. halves.' So 1 got oat through the window, and it was a' iort-iiigut afore J. had the courage to look irito tliiifc parlour again." ' . "Alyifatiieri'lraiew.a rich gentleman in Melboiu'jie," said j\Iiss Jennings,. 11 who lost his niirid'i • He : believed tliiit he; had , been eli'ailged into a' cat; and all- day long he would sit'bpside.ai.little.ci'evice in the-; wainscot df-'his diiurig-iot^ WKiliiig for a".' mouse io appear." "But wlien it comes to im'.-lgiiiittioiis of tins kind, " said I, " one is. .riever : to laiow ivliat is going to follow. ' Captain:' l?iiin, my coiisiu .may.:m'endr-I jM»y/jSo8tlie•;•will ;,do- so quotli Finn in his deepest note—" meanwhile," 1 continued,..'' I s-ns. of-. opiriibri;- tliat he should Be witched."' •::'-• " You t-liink so, sir? ". he exclaimed. "TOiy,:inari]^consider: Serid:ydui. eye. into^^ thiftniightydistto 1 ci'i'cd,"pointing to the black junction of. scilitillant gloom awl tlie spread of ocean coming to us jlienci) in ink. "Think of qi^i.iIqrieliiiess/H^ thdt ii mUdma-ii'snct might reducc us to. liis • cabin:. Wlio shall, .conjecture" theresolution that, inay possess a disreiiied. brain on a sudqoii ? Sir Wilfrid must- be wS| "1 agree, with you, siri" lie auswered thofiglithiUyi:.;..''' iitt^bVt-/wlio"^ the'-orderirigjdf i6.?;..\;",Taiii't ftfr'fl of He's master jiere 'ee know,'sir." . -j " I'll make myself responsible," 1 exclaimed ;: "the trouble is to have him patched '.Witli.' : .tlie ^delic^lilji^iMil'a^y-; the detection of his niost suspicious humour should he put liis hefid out of his berth or quit it—wliich he is not likely to do i/«{. Of; course an • ej'e' would have to be kept upon him from without. Nanie me two or three of your trustiest seamen." . "WlijS sifj Uierg's Gutbill, a first-class nian.; aiid there's twp'. fStliers, Jonathan Furlong and William Grindling, tliat you may put your fullest confidence iii." . '-• ;=•" Then," said I, "1"propose that these men should take a spell of keeping S. look out turn. and tuni about..: Tlie -stewards would have been fit persons, but they are wanting in muscle. Let the man who keeps watch ill" the cabin so jiost himself that he lriaj' coiriinand ,tlie passiigd where Sir. Wilfrid's berth is. You or Crimp, according as your watch- comes round, will see tliat the fellow below, whoever lie. may be, keeps : awakes" Pray attend 'to tiiis, -. i'inn. I am satisfied, that it is a necessary measure." • • .' . ' " I shall have to tell old Jacob; tiie truth, sir, and the men likewise," said he,. and.;;'^.alsp; : . : icquairit.;tiie."is^ what's -wrong, otherwise they'll lie for. turning tlie. Sailor that's sent below out of the cabin." : "By all means,'' said I, "I'll stand your lookout, whilst you are making the. necessary, arrangements. But see: that you-provide -your men -with : some .ready and.quite reasonable excuse for being in. the cabiri sliould. Sii ; Wilfrid chance to come out during'the night and find one of his sbamen sitting.'at.the table."; ' av, sir/;, that's to be ' managed -foi^Castlelantl)ltiie^ l \- i' Jtis fortunate,said' to^ilnss Jeny Jim^s, "<£hatJ^mWalfiid's cousin vHl, wei ersjmply- arguestsmuiboard. 1 , J'tguestibn "•%® eU% pacmg tlie SeclT -Everi- as WO v. aHceA--flie>figlit bieeSo weakened'yoV" ^ "tiUgieie fl.Snd -t&ie; ''jyou'd^catch' .sight^of" Ui^gleifiii; o f s o m e ';Elio|ti fold: <)f; black'"swell: .rulingwitli .a \\.bu'rjiis!iqd broWi- . The. dew to-. Jlie' fluttering;of-' tlie ternig sound'of raindxop"s "" - 1 j a pan of paddle wheels "W e stepped to tlie open kyliglit to' observ«afeaughtOTereuti gladly recoiled fi.om.4hegush of liot an,! tlierefiising witli aliery bieatli tale mth| tWsmffl oMKe dinner table spite of the ! si cetncs p i into it bj the Jloi ei He ven liowm 'vex lieai fc lckened to^ arid veiled; out. o: th'e: companion . hatch; : Slie did' not observe" apjiroaclied thd. part; of the dock where w - e were seated, ctnjrtod haply bv Jlic deeper . of the. mainsail put struck" by tlie majesty of her gait,," by the ^cfeiHcedil^talarig^^ subtlety-of movement " that made her form looit 'to glide wraitltlike. The jvect-leart.gt my -side ^ then and instantly Aung with an expiessible demeanour of temper and. aversion. to' tlie- othsr r-side of tlie deckv whicfi she paced, going^ isfterwai'ds to the -rail iind boat that hung a little jwist her. " She " frightens me I" whispensl aura ; " ougiit I to join herf . Oil, etii'e!, crael, that she . should Jiate me so bitterly few herown nets ! " • ' •" V. ; : ." W!;y Bhciuld you join her ? She &ws; : iiot.w'ant driven her. on' deck, arid stis "Irishes to muse and "perliapB'taoi'aiise'-ovOT.tW Why are «>if afraid of lior ? " ."" "Because I am a coward." - • .... Just then li'irin eaifi'ealong. He went ;.up:tp;Lady-Monson and i-saw his ifigure stagger iigaiiist tlife starliglit'wlieir litejcfiscovered his mistake. IJe peered" about arid-then^Aine over to us, breatfeirtg hard' •'• .'• tc "Niglr i^k-xlie breatlr out" of iriy body, sir, o :ii"e' "exclaliiied. iri -a hoarse whisper ; your hoiibur,- so tall she be. Well, I've arranged everytlnrig, :sirj'-'aad alooliotifc 11 be established •sooirarter the cS>Hn" Itgbt's tarried down." Laura'.siiddeiily rose' and wished jno good-riight. i corild " see tliat Lady Moiison's' preseB :td remain on dock, so I did not" press her to stayj tliough I reinimber heartily.wishnig tliat ;her ladysliip v/as still on board the '.'£&•« Bobbins. She ooiitinued to !io!d her stMife'posture at the bulwark rail as though she were steadily tllsrlcKig herself-into, stone. Bat for her contemptuous and insolent manner of turniiig from us- I- .believe I should have foiind spirit enough to attempt, a conversation .with her. It was not uiitil four be& that .she l'os'tj suddenly'from her inclined attitude as though startled by the clear" cehoing. chimes. Past her the sky" was dimly .reddening to the i]Kjonwhqse:c'lis.c ; st©floateiV'belb.w;the;:)io the .'delicate, almost dvea;n-like flush, I .perceii'ed her toss up -her veil; arid- press ;her. : harids;.to her fate.' She then veiled; lier-icli afresh, came to tho cojiiwnrion arid^ disipiieiired.^^ .' Was it 'remonse TKidt-; ing iii her, or grief . for' iier .i'oiirslc'red cifltfn&l;^; : or some . anguish - barn • of Use thoughi-S'lipr.cM liojlatlfom ;TOtli"$iie-;;aghi^^ the oo;:e. of :tiio black, vaporous-looidiig surface -that our., keel, was iscarce, now. ^uialrranriiour.-uareri'it- i-xui and. as I parsed-through 'thrbUglKtHe.^abirijiioddeU- .the cabi t<> Cutbill, who -.... sat awkwardly • " ail(3. with a .. highly ciribarrassed air with : his back upon tho cabin table, commanding the after cabins—;V huge salt, all wiiiskers, wrinkles, andiuuccle. ' "• '. """ CHAPTEE XXVII . .* A M-:AD CALM. I Was up' and about a great' deal during ilie-nigiit. It Was not only that the heat iriur3ei v e ; c! :^ OiiiMcitfs-:3ii*"' maXji^ioiiiid" -B tfllntss:l\rfiioJf fell upon our -little ship that, the iniiid. •forad'•i^fiSi'jyt'e^lie'd-So^'ji ^aaAylriv.a. aeiise ofiiifsgivitig/ii^^ of apprbacliiible' Ciilaniit.y. . Of the dead calrii at son I was by no (Means ignorant; in African and West Indir-SM waters lhad tasted of the deiights of this »i>ecies of stagiiViCiofi. over and over again. One calirij 1 romember, came very close to realising Colorictge's description, or rather the description that tho poet borrowed from .the narrative. of old Sir .llichard. HawlriHa. preserved iri the foxed and faded pages of the'- Kev. Samuel l'urolias. The. water looked to' be full offfrigaling fiery creatures burning .'fl a. multitude of colours till the surface. oJ the sea re-, tsoriibled a vast, ghastly prisut reflecting the lights of some hellish principality,. deep sunk in tlib dark brine. But I.neVCT recollect the'oce sciifte'faint heave of swell; yet, after the weak" dniuglit of air had utterly died out,_ somewhere abfjfut midnight, the.yacht slept upon a bosom -dostirless as.tlie surface of a summer lake: l'lieie was not the lightest movement to awaken ari echo in ; her fi'ame,-to:ruii:ati'emortliroughher canvas, to nndge the rudder into the dimmest clanking of its tiller chains. The effect of sucii a h'usli as this at sea is lridescubable On slioie, deep in the countiy, fai distant flom all hum of life, : tlie stilliiess of nSglit js. a desired and familiar condition of darkness j. it soothes to rest; whatever .vexes i£ is a violence ; the sweepirig.of- a galethrougli hissing-aiid cliimnev, the laslnng of the windows with ' ^raSa^mr^exedjolt -""" — \lion ,liuc +Iie.bedioom Boirietlnngliuiusual, 'out of keepings out ot iiatui-e) alinostf', 'But>t %ea; it-ds the'other-'. way about 'Tis tlie dead calm that is; unnatural It is as though tho mighty :^eritbusly foices- 5 of heaven and ocem liad por -sucked in- tlicir breath in. anticir fills Ills lungs to the iull, and then holds his wind wlnl t he w its tlie ci~ of cli i"e I tiied to leep "but could not a id; castle diqpped out of my burikior tens linunute of fre li it oil deck Cutbill ^atfwitMus- baek' agaanst thetable '."the m lfflame of the 1 mp th t hun" witli out tlie lea t Ttibiation fiom the c 1 nJ ness of sailors when deprived, of their little machinery forfightmg'it-; and what I say is a misgiving under such circumstances ought to serve us -:as. » ;convicfion —so keep a bright lookout, Cutbill. Nothing is goingto happen, 3 dare say ; but our business is to contrive that nothing shall happen." The huge fellow lifted his enormojis hand very respectfully to his glistering -. forehead and 1 passed on to the deck. •. The moon sbono brightly and her" reflection lay upon the sea like a leaguolong fallen column, of silver, with the ocean going black as liquidCpitck: to the sides of the resplendent shaft.. Ifot a wrinkle larnisliod that prostrate; pillar of Jiglit : not tUe mQst faiiyrUke .uiidulatioii ofwater putan instant's. warping, for the space of a foot, into it. X set tlie mainmast head by a star and watched it, and the'ireiiibling,;..greenish, ; ; lovely, point;bf radiance hung poised as stoadfastly on a Iin"e ; witih.Hlie. truck' as tlioiigli' it were some little crystal lanip fixed to an iron spike up there. . "..-•: I spied Jacob Crimp near the wheel, but 1 had come up to breathe and not to talk."'' X desired' to; porix-'a sleepy -humou info me arid guessed fliatthat end, -would be defeated-by- a chat' with "the/suriy kittle sailor,,.^-itli ,whpm" i- rarely ^exchanged.' few- sentences' without finding.'--myse drifting into an argument.. So 1 lay over -witb. the breath off the surface of the black -. prof ouiiii;4hat..^lay I liearda gieat sigh "out in the glooiii." It wa as. though -SQmia.-.'dphiijei^^gtitotJiad , . -fetched a long,', debp; ci<Wiin: I started; for* it had-sounded close, .Snd-j.-Iaplre^ i'drward. as if, forsooth, there was any sailor oh board whose' respiiratioiv'-'could rise to such a note as ihat 1 In' a momen I spied a block of blackness slowly melt-, ing out like a dye of ink upon the indigo bf tins water with the faint flashof moonlight oil the wet round of it. A grampus ! thought I | and 'stared about me for sellers, but no more showed, and the prodigious midnight hush seenied to float do\hi again from the stars like a sensible weight witli one wide ripple from"where the great fish had sunk, creeping like a line of oil'to-the yacht's side and melting soundlessly in her shadow. Tlnsgraye-like repose lasted the night through; 1 and when early in the morning, awakened by the' light of the newly risen sun, I mounted to.the deck, I found the ocean stretched flatas the top of a table, the sky, of a dirty bluish haze, thickening down and merged into the ocean line so that you couldn't see where the horizon Was, save just under the sun where the head of the misty white sparkle in the Water defined the junction. It baffied Mid bothered the sight to look into the vlistenicc, sq vaporous and heavy it all was wish a dull blue gleam here and there Upon the water striking into the faintness like a sunbeam into mist, and all close to, as it seemed, though by hard peering you might catch the glimmer of the calm past the mixture of hazy light and hues where, sea and slty seemed to end. Jacob Crimp had charge. • I asked him if all had been quiet below in the cabin. "Ay," he answered, "I've heard of nothen to the contrairy. Her ledsliip came on deck during the middle watch and had a hit of a yarn with mo." " Indeed ' " said I. "Yiis, she scared me into a reg'lar clam. I vras standing at the.rail thinking .1 see darkness out under the moon as if a,-breat of wind were coming along, and a woice just behind me says: 'What's your name?' Nigh hand famed my hair white to see her, so quiet slie came and her eyes like corposants." "What did she talk about?" said I in a careless way. "Asked <vhat the sailor was a-sitting in the-cabin for.' ' Tb prevent murder being done,'saysl.- 'Murder!'saysshe^ 'Yes,' says I, ' and to prevent this wessel from .blown to vellow blazes/ says' I, ' H31- Goa":kiiov,-iVyw- ' 'what weight of gunpowder ain't stowed away ferrards.' 'Who's agoing to do all this,' says-she ; so I jist told her that Sir "V^ilfi'id had been took worse, and thafthe order had come forward that the cabin Was to be watched." "Wha.t did she say to that?" I exclaimed. "Why, walked to 'tother side of the deck and sot down and remained an hour, till I reckoned that when she went' below she must' lia' been pretty nigh streaming with dew. "Whatdo you think of the weather, Mr. Crimp 1" " It's agin nature," he answered. '" Like lying off Blackwall for sriioothness 'Taint going to last, though. Nothing that's agiu nature ever do whether its •weather, or a dawg with two tails, or a cat -with height legs." " I wish you were a magician," said I, " I'd tassel your handkerchief for a strong breeze. A- roasting day with a vengeance, and the firstof a long succession; 1' fear." At breakfast I told Miss Laura of Lady Monson's visit on deck in tlib middle watch, and the mate's blunt statement tb her. ''It was a mighty dose' of truth to adininister," said'I.- " She -will- pass some bad quarters of an hour, I fear. Think of old. Jacob talking to lier of murder and fire, and explosions unto yellow blazes, whatever.iliat may mean, with her Imsband sleeping, right .abreast of her: cabin, and armed, as .slie must know.";t:' •:•:' : : :: v..! \ •!-._. V- : ".H;is "he those, pistols ?" "she asked'. " Yes," I answered, "I gave -the. case to one'of: to; and now I am sorry I!did so." " ! \- "Of course Henrietta will be frightened/' she exclaimed. I ; do not envy her. inliei-loneliness;:•'• Why," shou she refuse to see me ?. 1 easily understand her objection tb showing, herself on lier sister; I could sit' -with • lier!;; -CEC could be: comp "fqfc Jib)?; she ; saici;.wit • / minelSiiiig^.-^ev.ll gentle mood." She sighed deeply and . continued-^ •. Tliere .-' .inc'j ;liiuE;i'-ejiuld^ : ,.;-\ r 4P.i Sitt.iiiji!j^Sc^st'^iiv-; afraid ho wil . commit an}' deed ' of violence. Let hi '•[.:. be twenty times madder than hp now is, ; j lp'sjhaarfc is'^ would be tempered by his qualiti.es,iS'.}^~?C 1 -was grateful - .to -her Sersthus:-ipea|an faith- to liad suffered him- atsill evente t •'islK^t'Pirfo^elSoperaSennedy.floflstpfii^.'' iiotiiuig of the man's death Yot, -bliougli little.creilture'valuesj and to a largo extent iinderstaiids liiih, what devil's, influence .AvaS .;'V: otlieVwiser-fpr my 'sake, at' all bS-jents';- ^ ';•-though 1 • ion^--lier.^wrtiat .woulclrJiavemndeher ''Miei ladyship " and found "her a husband whose bi.1111 1 don't doubt might \- year by year..haj-y,gr<-jWn stronger iii the cheerful- ;and ? . T friictifyhig. r iigji% .- of Jicr nas Ijing lli'lus huuL a laige'pipe in Jus • ; mouthfatiwliicly lie pulled.-to llj cneeknas upjjoite3 Jjjbis elbon lid. jfi e e iixtd upon 5n \ -ftcli, a supeft ttold tun-'l pepu tint d.m led it the t-x treimty of heaiy ch 1111 hit bed to 1 little '1 rk screw td^nto the dec! o^ el his^ieid» O 1 tiiejj icl of this -u^uoh uuelii initials m.tlu bi^llijUits nuftke e cm juide tlio oMeii urcli. Iiow^li. c litfclu^bootavpf 0lit "" at 'itent^are lie d 1 nofci an lUhc d ^tiffin .look d p mo in an ib ei t minted » vlin luti" tn ered -=- ( a l ( i i m i ® 'BlBfa-il^gMi' AK'|"".viie. : K(^im , edvlaii^iaiy,- "it is you, Charles. You promised to sit ujth me awhile last night." .'.-'•'. <']]••]' "I did,: but the heat below was un: endurable. It is no.better xiow. The: r temperatiire ,;of ! , this?. ^sin mi^'be prpcdigious. What calculationsare you making ?". said I. " ' " : ' • " I have slung menc in the j^ehi.. She is motionless. Mark it. There is not a hairbreadth of vibration. - We are afloat,. of course I" li said, suddenly looking at me. • •- .:.:: "Ihope so,"said I. "Afloat? Why what do you suppose, Wilf ?• That we've: gone to the bottom?" ,. .'.'- .-'• "It would be all one for rue," ho answered with a deep sigh, and then applying himself to liis'pipS aga'ifi with a' sort of-: aTOdity. that, -made -:oiie think of hungrj':b'aby. sucking^-"'at'a.-feeding. bottle, lie clouded the. air with tobacco smoke and said : "I am hearfcil3 r weary of life!" "And why?" cried 1 : " because we are in a doail calm with the equator . close aboard. The very deep. is rotting ? : A calm of this kind penetrates through the: r pores ,pf:-tlio skin; 'enters the soul and "creates/a thirsty: yearning .'for extinction." Being younger tluui'you, Wilf, I give my aself : .mother twelve, hoxirs, and then, if n lf breeze blows, I shall,lilcie you, be weajy of life'and desire to die." : v " It is easily managed," said-he. .':• . "no doubt. But tlio ,'^weather'-.'niay'^ . change, yo lior flip, looits -that accompamccl .'it. I seized my liaj. and fell to fanning '511c saimbspJiejjB'; Wth ' the. nptioii of ..expell sonic of the tobacco smoke through tlio! open porthole. .;.-:. a:n or oi)inioii," said he, puffing and dropping his., words' alternately witJi t tlio clouds he expelled whilst he kept ,his eyes fixed upon his watch,' " that,' spite of the arguments bf,.the.'di-\di-ies, life'.is. free gift to. us .to bp disposed of as we may decide.,, Natm-e is^^-invariably:compensative. We are broiighf into this world without our knowledge ani 'thpre-r fore, of com- se, without' bur consent, d'ye see, Charles," and here lie rolled his eyes upon me; " and by way of balancing this distracting obb'gation of compulsory being, nature says you may do what you like with existence : keep it or part with "I"say, Wilfrid," said I, "there are surely more cheerful topics for an equinoctial dog-day than this you have lighted on. Don't speculate, my dear fellow; leave poor old nature alone. Take short views, and let the piizzlijig distance unfold and determine itself to your approach. It is the wayfarers who decline to look ahead, who whistle as they trudge along the road of life. The melancholy faces are those whose eyes are endeavouring , to see beyond the horizon towards which they are advancing. Tell mo now—about this cabin door of yours. My dear fellow, it must be big enough this morning to enable you to pass through : so come along 011 deck, will you, Wilfrid ? " Damn it, how blind you are"!" he exclaimed, ' Mo, I'm not," said I. 'D'ye mean to say that you can't see what's happened to me since we last met?" ' What now, Wilfrid ? " 'What now?" ho shouted. "Wliy: man. I can't stand upright." Why not ?" I asked. a Because I'm too tall for this cabin," h he" answered, in. a voice , of passion and grie- f - "Pray when did you find that out?" said I. "On rising to dress myself this morning," he answered,' 'I was obliged to clothe myself in my buuk. What a dreadful blow to befall a man ? I can't even quit my bed now, and everything I waiit niust be handed t'o me. " Well, well!' thought I; God mend him soon. •' Hot. as it .was, a. ,chiU ran through me to the crazy, wistful, despair-' JV oppressed for a - moment witli the same sickness of heart that had visited rue: during my interview with him 011. the p p J " n preceding day. ... "I liad resolved to sell the.25i-ic?e,"..sai& he mournfully, putting his pipe , into :a' slielf ai the back of him and folding his. handsj which seemed to me t'o have grown thin and '--white during the past few days, upon his breast, "but I shan't be able to do so now;" I was ..'silent. "She will.have to be broken"up," he-, added. ' _ : " Nonsense !" I exclainied. " Biit I say yes ! " lie. suddenly roared " how the devil else am'I to get out of her!" " Oh,. I see ! " I answered spotliingly,. "I forgot that-.,. But,: Wilf,. since ybu're". too.Big tq,.use . this'..cai3in for .the. presen only, for I am certi-iii you-wi!l dwindle to your old proportions before long, .don't you'think ;you OugJifr-tP.ha;^ ^ ^ ooiistaritly with ypu, ; spijie one at hand silting here to wait upon you ?" . ?.':'" 110 dbuht,pf'it.-- I "am .'aliiost- helpless now. ' But I-U..not have that rascal Muffin." . . ! ./•"•- . "Xo, no," said I. . " Nor would the stewards make the sort of servants you . want. If 1 were in your 'Ji^ace: , :X should ;like to be waited on by a couple 01 iollv hearty' sailoi's,' -fellows; to take'..ttuin. an turn about. in: looking- after ' me, chajs with their .-meffibrira''".!^ unconventional, sympathetic, -jio''--matjjBr agilbi .?t?png-'-'as Iioiies with liVely;. l£nib|,. iised'tt spriiigm about. One or two siich men are to Be met forward aniongsfe your crew." . ' : "A good idea," he ei-i'ed. '' Oad ! after 'my', exp'erienices of. 'Mliffin I'd rath be; waited upon "by the farriestof ;:tiTry .tarpaulin's than ;^one."^pf-jovu :sieelc, i;sbfir^ ld . sfeppihg,i t^^^Vx^e^oyhp: .cpine aiiS '•ast'.jfpu- fpr-.al'.ij.OTa^p'TOili'' an" .excellent, cluu'iicter in one pocket froni tlieir late . master,.and inJ^ie ^^'.ttfe'r^iH^^^^iE. any h his dressing-case. Ha;, ha, luvl ,v 'and iliereiie^^ delivbt^d °np'of ^-fi laughter. • ':.':'":'; :.' r (To he continiici 