-TRAVEL, VAMIIERY IN PERSIA. FEW stories of travel are more interest ing than those which Arminius Vambdry has to toll of his disguised wanderings through Central Asia. Himself a Hun garian, but possessing an exceptional know ledge of the language and customs of the people among whom he pursued his in quiries, he so cleverly distinguished himself as for months to pass for a genuine Dervish when detection would have been certain death. In this way he managed to penetrate regions never before visited by a European, and acquired information that has proved of the greatest value and interest. Having reached Tehoran, he joined a caravan of pilgrims on their way to Isfahan, they reach a spacious caravanserai in the village of Kenaregird. Here, lie says, the rich put themselves into the hands of their servants to cet their persons ruhlbh and their imbs stretched out, and nhardly has one recovered breath from the hardships of the last station when breakfast is ready and after it, each betakes himself to rest. We commonly travel at night and rest in the midhours of the day. About an hour be fore setting out supperis eaten. Dervishes have a much easier part than many travellers. Arrived at the station, the Dervish, without troubling himself about anything, gives himself up to rest; and when the smoke of the kettle announces supper, lie takes his keschkul (a vessel formed of a cocoa-nut) on his arm, and with a powerful "jalus jahakhl" and with an assurance that is really wonderful, approaches each separate group. Each gives him a portion. After lie has termi nated his round he mixes all together, and lie is safe to have secured, if not a sumptuous, at least a plentiful supper. "le hlas no provision with him, cooks nothing, and yet lie has enough," say the Orientals, "for his kitchen is furnished by God." From Keaaregird our second station was through the desert. It is a long tongue of land of Deshti Kuvir, of which the southern borders reach nearly to Kum. In the midst of it is the station Hanz-i-Sultan (the reservoir of the Sultan), which consists of a large caravanserai, to which a subter raneous acqueduct is conveyed. When we had quitted aenaregird, and had travelled about an hour in the desert. the waste region was suddenly lighted up by moonslhine, and grew more and more romantic. The stillness of night, which in the great desert seems redoubled, affects the traveller inexpressibly. The anticipa tion that I was yet to travel through the still greater desert of Central Asia, led the eye to delight itself all the more with the wonderful spectacle. Nowhere in the dusky horizon does the eye meet a point of rest; only-here and there the columns of sand rise high towards heaven, tossed up by the wind. They dance from one spot to another, like mighty ghosts; and it is con ceivable enough to me that fearful souls would look upon them as phantoms lashed by furies. My fellow-traveller seemed to be one of the latter class, for he wrapped himself up in his burnous, thrust himself into the innermost part of the caravan, and did not venture even to look out on the desert around him. It was towards midnight, when we heard from the distance a monotonous ring of bells, and, as I soon learned, this was from a lhrge caravan which had set out an hour before us. We redoubled our steps in order to overtake it; but hardly had we advanced -,_,,ndru..zUns.q.when _ an ins?piiDoriable smell began to oppress us. The t'ersians knew at once the cause of it. We moved faster, but the stench grew stronger and stronger, and when, influenced by curiosity, I inquired about it, I got for answer that this was a caravan of the dead. A caravan of the dead, I thought, that is singular; "OUT R' GP!" 6 S7 , r·OR I'LL LAVE NO BONE AV YoU UXI3REiKIALF` " and I hurried to my neighbour to get an explanation. HIn called out to me, " o on, go on," and after a powerful splurring of his little ass, already hard elpolgh pressed, be came uap to me as I was joining the afore said caravan, which consisted of about forty horses and mules, laden with collins, and accompanied by three mounted Arabs. Everybody strove hard to reach it, in order to get past it as soon as possible. I shall never forget the sightf tlhat met mjy eyes when I came up wltl one of the riders. Ilis nose and mouth were covered, his yellow face showed yet more ghastly by the moon light. In spsite of the unendurable stench, I could not help asking him squme ques tions. The Arab told lme that he had already conveyed these dead ten days, and had to conduct them for twenty days more before he could reach Kerbela, the splot where these pious persons, who had died for the love of Imam tHussein, were per mitted to be buried. This custom is general in all l'ersia; and whenever means permit, they order themselves to be transported from the distant ihorassan to Kerbela, to be placed.in the same earth in whichl the beloved Imnam Ihsesin rests. When we had left the caravan of the dead with its choking odour far behind us, I turned to take a glance at this weird pro cession. The beasts, laden with the long cofflins, busried tlleir heads deep in their necks ; the riders occuipied themselves with urging tlhe horses on with hollow cry. Such a sighst in whatoever neighblourhood, wouldd gloomy enough, but in the centre of the desert it was somethingindesarlbably mournful, The corpses often became mangled in a Trilhtful fashlion in their (supposed) spot of eternal rest; yet the 'ersians have thought fit to nmaintain this custom for six hundred years. For whoever comes to Kerbela has the sweet bjcpp of finding himself on tile dtay ef tUse Testwrrec tion In ?thp immsnnediate e?glsbourhod of the 1Wly n?arty .gLnd from lie'osr, sdiler Ihis to.duilcti of pp 'sng to the oves-green plains of Paradise. We reached Hauz-iSaltan just atthe rise of the morning star, but nothing of great importance befelus there. Early next morning Kum appeared in the dis tance with its many green cupolas, the rich gilded one lightened by the rays of the rising sun. It is the holy town of the Persian lalies. Here rests Fatima, the sister of Innan Riza, who, out of tender feeling to her brother, at that time dwelling in eMoched, undertook a journey from Bagdad. The high lady could not reach the goal of her wishes, for she fell ill in Kum, died, and lies buried with a company of 444, all of them saints. This town, like Kerbela, is a favourite burial-place of pious Persian women, who, from all parts of the kingdom order themselves to be carried hither. Kum is very poor in buildings, but, in spite of this, m the olden t)me it was a famous town. The neighbourhood is de scribed as clothed with luxuriant verdure, thanks to a good nqueduct, which conveys water hither from the adjacent hills. The water, however, when drawn in the open air, smacks somewhat of salt, but this taste it loses entirely in the well. When I asked a Persian about this circumstance, he told me that an Arabian, who had come hither with the holy Fatima, gave the State in structions how to prepare a mixture of clay, with which, if all springs and basins are smeared, the salt taste will be taken I away from the water little by little. When, after a tolerably long excursion in I the town and neighbourhood, I came in the l evening to the caravanserai, I found in a I corner some poorly clad people, who, by their shy and timid look, indicated Persian origin. I went up to them, and thought I would enter into conversationwith them, when one of my fellow-travellers called out to me, "Effendi, what are you about? You have been to-day on a pilgrimage, and now t you wish to pollute yourself with this r unclean Jewl Jew, thought I, then the Persian may cry out as long as he likes. The poor children of Israel noted my kind [ ness to them, and many of them came out a of their cells. They surrounded me in due a form, and told me, all the while looking a round them timorously, that they were that day (Friday) preparing their food for to- morrow, which was Sabbath, for they were not permitted to do anything that I required labour on that day. One of the elders could not forbear telling me, with tears in his eyes, of the oppressionthe Jews a suffered at the hands of the Persians, and a with joyous glance he looked around as lie s described to me, the supposed Osmanli, the mildness of the Sultans rule. He could a not find words sufficiently expressive with a which to bless the Sultan. The poorl a Israelite had no idea that, in that particular a the moving spring of the noble action was f western enlightenment alone. f After two days we quitted Kum, and a went a four hours' ride on a desolate route, to tile village of Lenkuan. The caravan encamped in the village itself, but I moved s forward to a garden in tle vicinity to spend I the'da y. In the midst of the garden is the a little chapel of an Imamzade (descendant of I an Iman). The graves of this Iman are fvery numerous in Persia, and it is certain 1 that hardly a tenth of them are still a honoured. And no wonder, for each village, be it ever so little, must have its I saint. They improvise one, invent a legend f and build a chapel on the bones of some a famous hero. This is immediately decorated r with green tiles. Green is the colouir with r which the holy posterity clothe the head I during life. Green therefore thellouse of StLo.ese .v lv pU ot be. As I was. resting cosortalyIn the sliado- of-tllhetroce, the I gravedigger approached. Marvellous stories 1 did he tell of the dead saint's power. "Only yesterday," said lie, "a Persian khan, who rested in this same place, and in r a drunken condition, wished to betake himself afterwards to the interior, when he stink down, suddenly struck by paralysis. "Ay, Effeud," he continued, "one must not sport with a saint." His look was full of gravity as he related the tale, yet he very soon made me understand that he expected a few pence, and when I handed them to him, he immediately went away, Our resting-pl)l~e in Kuhrud, a little village of three hundred houses, was extremely delightful. The caravan was encamped opposite the Tschnparchane (post-office), which, as everywhere in Persia, consists of a one-storied building, of which the upper story is, nevertheless, only used ei a lhamber for distinguished tra vellers. After I had drunk tea in the gay company of my fellow-travellers, I took a little stroll in the villagne andt sought out the post-office, in the upper guest chamber of which my attention was directed to a striking number of pencilled scrawls in a European language. In a corner I reed a French quatrain, written by a liery son of (aul, who, after a fatiguing ridle, had stopped to rest here a few minutes. Ite desfyribpd his home sorrow with words full of hoc, and indulged bitterest wrath at disappointments arising from the poetical discriptions of Persia. N"ot far thence oni the walls, I discoyered sane pointed long shuanled charicters, in which a brave Touton wishlled to immortalise himself ; and what do you supplose, dear render, lie had written on the wall ? i critique on the four verses of the Fretelhman-and a pretty sharp one, too. The ioor honest: German ! The worn-oiut Persian posters had shaken his bonesrto pieces. lHe wished to repose, antd hwd pot time enoulgh to leave behindl hIm an evi dence of the well-klpolwp olid inifprmation of his fatherland. 'rpum Kulhrqd tihe road leond lip hill and thelt lulds down in- pretty abrupt slopes to tlie plis on the other sidle. The village of Sof is the nearest station. A flrge part of our journey lying over the hillyneighhboui: hood, the early morwas no_ lt npye.s lintg cold and. frosty. The travellers stopped here and there, and gathered heaps of bute, a kind of resinous shrub, which burns even in green condition, but when dried turns to a crackling flame. As by chance we stood that morning before a fire of this kind, we heard behind us a loud quarrelling, and with this mingled wild shrieks. Trying to listen, reports of fire-arms, accompanied by a wild howl, alarmed the caravan. All ran to the sueot whence the shots came, and we found one of our travellers lying on the earth with his arm broken. The circumstances were these:-Some horsemen who carried the yearly tribute from Shiraz to Teheran on the part of the Governor, had remarked the Jewish mer chants, who joined us in Kuhrud; they mocked them first, but afterwards followed their words with blows. A Persian, who from pity for his offended fellow-travellers wished them to receive no injury, attacked the saucy Shirazi with sharp remarks. A young hot-headed fellow hereupon got angry, and threatened; and as our people had made a few steps in advance, he wished, for an innocent joke as he said, to perforate with a ball the fur cap of a Jew. Ie shot but Allah took care of the children of Abraham, and instead of a Jew's cap the ball pierced the arm of a Persian. The sight of him lying in his blood roused our whole party, and though the miscreant galloped off as fast as his horse could carry him, he was caught, and beaten, spit on and insulted, and then brought bound without any commiseration into the midst of the caravan. The Shirazi, half dead from his beating, and the Isfahalini from his wounds, were incapable of riding or walk ing. They were both placed in baskets on a mule, and after half an hour were found in familiar converse with each other. In Oriental notions no blame is imputed to either party for such an accident. Fate has willed it so, and each person contents himself. At the point where the hill ended lies the way to Isfahan, not yet a good road according to our notions, though far better than found elsewhere. After Sof, our last station before we reached the former capital of the Sefevi, was a village named Murtschechar. Here the country magistrate in connection with the Governor of Shiraz, attempted to free the culprit. The caravan, however, checked him steadily, and next morning set out on their way to deliver the delinquent into the hands of justice in Isfahan. When, on the morning of the 31st of September, I found myself on the road which was to bring me direct into the former splendid capital of Abbas the Great, in spite of all early reading on tlihe decline, the poverty, and the ruined masses of Isfahan, I could not suppress my increasing curiosity. Almost three hours before you t approach Isfahan you can discover traces of its ancient greatness, among which the Caravanserai Maderi Shah (the Carav.anserai of the Mother of the Shah) is the most I remarkable. It was incontestably in its day the most splendid building of its kind. E As the town in the early autumnmoniing a was covered with a kind of mist, I could only see a few ruinous minarets right and I left, and high round towers, which sesred for a sojourn for doves. It is remarkbale that these same birds are found in the I neighbourhood of Irerat, ,'ischabur, and other towns, proving that it twas a custom i in Central Asia to build such splendid dovecotes nlt of town for these favourite i bins. At last the mist cleared away, and I at once got sight of the city of Isfahan in its gigantic circuit. The Persian, but a especally the, Isfahani,Flwhesr-hespeaks bof a the greatness of his native town, always cries out, " If Lahore had not had birthl, Idsahan were hlf the Carth.i. Isfahan is half the world were it not for Lahore, which means Isfahan is the largest town in the world after Lahore. To indi eate the circumference of the town, the Persians state that a good rider could not ride round it in two days. This is probably sixteen to twenty Tfssargs; yet the city wall itself, in its blooming period when the French traveller Chardin saw it, was only six German miles in circumference, and when we take in the detached houses with spacious gardens which stretch beyond the town, the statement of the Persian is but Oriental, or what we call exaggerated. Still, Isfahan as it presents itself first to the eyes of travellers, is really imposing. From the east to the west there is an end less chain of buildings and gardens, among which cupolas, towers, and other high buildings are visible. The view seetsa illimitable. "Nothing," save Malcolm, " can exceed the fertiiity and beauty of the country itn the vicinity of Isfalhan, and th(1 fisat view of the city is surpassingly striking. All the eye sees enraptures ones sense. G(roves, avenues, luxuriant gardens, -of these there is such an absolute over flow as hides the ruins of this once famous city, Timu searer view weakens this inm ipression, but enough remains of former grandeur to excite great admiration." In tie :ast all is beautiful, but only externally, and in thel distance. So I was not in the least surprised when on entering the town I found the same crooked streets, the same poor houses, the slsoe dirt and filth and unmended stvocls, as in Teheran and all Persia st:ii?." To one mna marringe is dimplly a fact of his life looked back upon,with sitislfaction or regret, according to the pleasure orf lis? comlit he has experienced in it; to apother it hlas opened upt a new worhl oh respontsi hility and duty, as well as happiness; it has Inves?t?si tie with a sacred trust and a prteels b~leeu, and has given a higher and uniule aim for all endeavour than cduld haveo been gained without it. 