STORY OF A BRACELET. On a morning . early in the spring of last year two men stood leaning against the mantelpiece of a room in one of the Government offices. ' The taller of :t lie; two — he "who was at'home in tho room— was a slim, well-dressed man, wearing his hair parted exactly in the middle, and a diamond pin in the sailor knot of his tio. He had liis frock coat open, ancl his thumbs in, fife arm-holes of his waistcoat'. The atti tude denoted, complacency, 'and the man was complacent. " Well, the funny part £>f it is;" he was saying '; lightly, his shoulders pressed against the mantelpiece," " that I am dining at the Burton Smiths' this evening." " Ah ?" liis companion answered, looking up at him with eyes of envy. "And so you will see hor 1" . " Of course. She is to come to them to-day. But they do not know about our engagement yet, and, as she . does not want to blurt it out tho moment she arrives— why, for this eveiiing it will be a secrot. Still I t.VinnrrVifc T wnnlfl t.ftll vnti " -He stepped- away as he spoke, to straighten a rod morocco-covered dis patch-box standing on the table behind liim. It bore, beside the flaunting gilt capitals, "I.O." a modest plate with the name " Ernest Wibberley" — his name. The other waited" until he resumed his place. Then lie answered holding out his hand, " Yes, I am glad you told me, old boy ; and I congratulate you most heartily, believo me." " Thank you, Jack," Wibberley re plied." " I knew you would. I rather feel myself that 'Fate cannot harm me. ''1 have dined to-day.'" " Happy dog !" said Jack, and pre sently disappeared. The Burton Smiths whom wo heard them mention, are tolerably well- known, in London. Burton Smith himself is a barrister, with money and many relations — Irish landlords, Scotch members,. Indian judges, and the like. His wife is young, gracious and fond of society. Their drawing- rodms on the topmost flat of Onslow Mansions — rooms with sloping ceilings and a dozen quaint nooks and corners — -are seldom empty during the regu lation hours. ' This particular dinner party had been planned with some care. "Lady Linacre will come, no doubt," Mrs. Burton ' Smith had said one day at breakfast, conning a list she held in her hand, " and Mr. May." ' But Burton Smith objected to May. "He will talk about nothing but India," he protested, "and the superiority of Calcutta over London. A: little-of these Bombay ducks goes a long way, my dear." "Well, James," Mrs. Burton Smith replied placidly — the Hon. Yereker May is a son of Lord Hawthorn — " he will take me in,- but I do not mind. Only I must have Mr. Wib berley- on the other side to make con- ' versation and keep me alive. Let me see ; that will be three. And Joanna Burtpn — she comes that afternoon — four. Do you know, James, when we were at Temple Rothley for Christmas I thought there- was something be- .tween your cousin and Mr. Wib berley.?" \- -"-.Then, for goodness' sake, do not let them sit together !'' Burton Smith cried, "or they will talk to one another, a,nd to no ono else." "Very well," Mrs. Smith assented, " They shall sit opposite to one another, arid Mr. Wibberley shall take in Mrs. Galantine.. . She will be sure to flirt with him, and we can watch Joanna's face.- I shall soon see if there is any thing between them." Mr. Wibberley was a young man of some importance, if only in his capacity of private secretary to a Minister. He had a thousand ac quaintances,, and certainly two friends — perhaps three. Ho might- be some thing some day — was bound to be. Ho dressed well, looked well, ! and talked well. He was a littlo presump tuous, perhaps even a trifle conceited ; hut women like these things in-young riien,, and he had infinite fact. At any rate, he had never yet found him self in a place too strait for him, t This evening as he dressed for dinner J-as lio brushed his hair vigprously or paused -to smile at some reflection— his own i but riot in the glass— -lio was in his happiest mood. Everything seemed to be going well with 'him. He had no presentiment of evil, He was going v to a house where, he Was appreciated. Mrs. Btlrtoh Smith was a great ally of his. And then there would be, as we know, some one else. Happy man 1 - < " Lady Linacre," said his hostess, as she introduced him to a stout person age .with white hair, a doublo chin, and ; .diamonds, Wibborloy _ bowed, making up his mind that the dowager was one of those ladies with, strong prejudices, who draw their skirts to gether if you prove a Home Ruler, and- leave the room if you mention Sir Charles Dilke. " Mr. May, you have met before," Mrs. Smith com tinued, "and you know Miss Burton, I think ?" He murmured assent, while she — Joanna — shook hands with him frankly aiid qtiietly, with the ghost of a sinile, perhaps. ILo played his part woll, too, for a moment, but halted in his sen tence-as it flashed across his mind' that this was their first meeting since she had said "Yes." Ho recovered from his momentary embarrassment, how ever, beforo oven Mrs. Burton Smith could note it, ancl promptly offered Mrs. Galantine his arm. She was an old friend of- liis — as friends go in society. Ho, had taken her into dinnor, that is, half a dozen times. " Who is that girl ?" she asked, when they we're seated ; and she raised her glasses and stared through them at her vis-a-vis. " I declare sho would be pretty if her nose were not so short." He seized tho excuse to put up his glass too, and take a look. "It is ratlier short," he admitted, gazing with a whimsical sense of propriety at tho deficient organ. " But soiiie people like short noses, you . know, Mrs. Galantine." " Ah 1 And theatres in August 1" sho replied; incredulously. "And drawing-room games 1 And conun drums ! . But, seriously, she would be pretty il it were not fori that." " Would she ?" he questioned, gravely. "Well, I think sho would, do you know V . , ' And certainly Joanna was protty, though her forehead jvas too large, and her nose too small, and lifer lips too full. For her eyes were bright and her complexion perfect, and her face told of wit and good temper and freshness. Sho had beautiful arms, too, for a chit of 19. Mrs. Galantine said nothing about the arms- — not out of modesty, but because her own did not form , one of her strong points. .Wibberley, however, was thinking of them, and whether a certain bracelet he had by him would lit them. He saw Joanna wore a bracelet — a sketchy gold thing. He wondered whether he should beg it for a pattern, or whether it might not be more plea sant to measure the wrist for him self. "Rnf. ATre rin.1nnf.inft rftfcni'.nftf f.n f.lifl charge. "She is a cousin, is she -not?" sho said, spoaking so loudly that Joanna looked across and smiled. " I have never met her before. Tell me all about her." Tell her all about her, Wibberley gasped. He saw a difficulty in telling her " all about her," the more as the general conversation at the moment was not brisk, and Joanna could hear every word. For an instapt, indeed, his presence of mind failed him, and he cast an appalled glance round the table. But then he bent to liis task. " Mrs. Galantine," he murmured sweetly, confidentially, " pray — pray beware of becoming a potato The lady dropped her knife and fork with a clatter. "How horrid! a potato, Mr. Wibberley ? What do you mean? " What I say." he answered simply. "You see my plate? It is a picture, Mrs. Galantine. You have there the manly beef, and the feminine peas, so young, so tender ! And - the potato ! Tho potato is tho confidante. It is insipid. Do you not agree with me!" " Bravo, Mr. Wibberley ! But am I to apply your parable?" she asked sharply, glancing across the table, with her fork uplifted, and a pea upon it, " Am I to be the potato ?": " The choice is with you," he re plied gallantly. "Shall it be the potato or tho peas?" Mrs. Burton Smith, seeing liim so absorbed in his companion; grow puzzled. Look as often as she might at Joanna, she saw no sign of jealousy or self-consciousness in the girl's face. Joanna seemed to bo getting on per fectly with her partner ; to be- enjoy ing herself to the full, and to bo as much interested as any: one at table. Mrs. Burton Smith sighed, if the truth be known. Sho had the instinct of match-making. And sho saw clearly now that there was nothing between the two ; that if thero had been any philandering at Temple Rothley neither of the young people had put out a hand — or a heart — beyond ro- covery:' - But this success of Wibberley with Mrs. Galatine had its consequences. After the ladies had withdrawn ho grew just a trifle presumptuous. By ill-luck, too, the Hon. Yereker May had reached that period of the evening when India — as seen through tho glasses of his memory — was accus tomed to put on its rosiest tints, and the two facing one another fell to do- bating on a subject of which tho re turned civilian had seen much and thought little, and the private secre-' tary had read more and thought not at all. Thoy wore, therefore, about on a par as to information, arid what tho younger man lacked of obstinacy ho made up by readiness. It was in vain the nabob blustered, asserted, contra dicted — finally grew sulky, silent, stertorous. Wibberley pushed his little -triumph, .and soon, as we shall see, paid dearly for it. (TO BE CONTINUED.) 