-ONE SAILOR.-' . -"I?' ?En called a sailor a.worse name than 'you leather-head,' " said. a venerable sea.captain ;"never swore ata sailor; never struck one; never caused a man to be actu ally flogied; though I once triced a felloiw up readlyfor the lash, who gave in before lie was struck a blow.. Inever,drew a weapon upon a man. Once I was sitting in my calin .of the Lucq Thompson, .when the mate dashed in on me, pale as a ghost, for getting even to pull-off his :cap, shllouting that a sailor 'lowed that there were not men enough on board ship to put him in irons. I stepped out on deck. I had my pistol in hand, but behind my back. .The men were all in a commotion about 'the forecastle hatch. 1 was conscious thrit I had always been kind and just to that crew, though theywere the hardest crew I had had in many a voyage. . I stood before them, and firmly said to the ringleader: "'Come here, my man.' " It seemed an age while lie was debating whether to obey. My fingers stiffeied on the pistol, for a mutiny at sea is a horror. But the mutineer turned, came aft, and put up his lhands for the irons. . So, thank Goild, I can say I never even' drew a weapon on any one of my manyhundreds of sailors. I don't believe it is necessary. Be a true man; be a friend to the sailor; treat him as if lie were a man and not a beast; don't ever let him catch you ini a mean act; govern yourself as if you believed the same (old was at sea as on land,'alulyou will have no trouble." The speaker was the hero of a hundred packet-ship voyages across the Atlantic. My younger readers may not know' tlhit thlie packet ship was the predecessor of the "ocean greyhound" of our day. Between Liverpool and New York the huge and capacious packet, with vast sails splread to thle winds for motive power, "fanned over" thousands of emigrants, who are nowgrand sires in America to this generation. In those days a sailor was a mian who knew how to handle a sail. Now he is, for the most part, a marine lnahiilst. Then were voyages of about thirty- dtays, in, whlct time the little world of the ship's company of often 1,f00 souls were shut up and shunt out front their fellow-creatures on the globe, a realm all to themselves. Tile ship's captain was the autocrat of this little cosmos. IIis skull was the dome of the St:ate House. His word was absolute law. Ilis right arm was the chief and only executive, sheriff, and army. Those were days when ch:racter in the captain had most nample illustration of its power for goodl or evil. I know of no other such station for the exllibition of the power of character, except the mother's place in the lonely family group of'the" frontier. The venerable skippdr of tile Lucy Thomp.ao,. spioke voluines of wisdom when lie used the words I have quoted above. I was recently standing at the gangway of a well-known steamer,idly watchllingher unloading. The mate in command of the nen was of the. very roughest type. lie was exceedingly ignoble. lie was a gigan tic fellow. lie lhad no authority over the sailors, or deck-hands, as they are techni cally called. except the physical terror lie inspired. le cursed God anld the men. lie r.ared and tllundered. He seemed quite ready for a knock-down at any momnent. I asked about him, and was told of the shocking brutality tlhat lie halnd often ex hibited, whicll had several timles caused his arrest. When I inquired why a repu tble company kept such a man in their employ, I was told " tlhat there was no other force except brute force, which could get the work out of a gang of the kind that nowadays follow thile water." If the sea or the rivers and lakes were the only places where this error prevails my paper niglilt.perhapls.betterhave been sent tco the Seaman's F,'riend, that dear old paper, which mnaylleaven bless. The idea is quite colnnmon, however, in the minds ofa certain type of overseers set to watch working men, that force of control is in a savage: manner and harsh tone; in ia face that never smiles on the toilers, nor notices a blister with compassion. How many seem to think it really necessary to curse the benaded back of the workman! All this is a slander on liumtan nature. I appeal to tile thousands of miners' wives and daugh ters who may read these lines, if the rough featured husband and fatller lhas not a ten der spot in his heart by which your love leads him, and which the brutal overseer can never reach. I appeal to gangs of giants who, about the lunbermansi' camnp firothese winter nights, may read what I now write, if there is not an occasional man who is king among them by his kind ness more than Iby any appointment of the c6drporation whic put linm in charge of them, Here and there you have met Inm, andl worked unler himi. He never called a man even a fool. Ile was too true to be brutal, too noble to be disobeyed, too just to be suspected, too brave to ask you to face a danger from which he himself shrank. A man who could tell a good story occasionally without the loss of dignity when the lallgl came in; whom you have seen iii tears at some poor fellow's cottage, when accident had made the children or phans. This man's voice was pitclled low, but it was mighlltier than the roar of the blalphem:er. No man can govern others, who does not govern himself. There is minny a kingly man who does not need to strike a blow with the hand, because the blow he strikes is in the eye's glance. A good man's surprise, contempt or indignation shines in his eyes. Of all men, there iare none -who are so amenable to the sway of clhamcter in an ofllicer us the men of the sea. The sailor is always a poet. lIe is quick to feel, where lantsmen slowly reason. He is a dreamer. IIe is nchll alone, and busy with voices in the soul. lie Ihas hearing by memnory or by hope. lie is, like tile philosopher, a great grown child. No man detects good or evil in character quicker than the sailor. Is it not so-you that read this in the fore castle, fur upon tile ocean ? "I was determined to kill him," said a sailor to me. " I hlad been Ironghlt on Iboard at Liverpool when intoxicated. I did niot know what I was doing whllen I signed shippinig allpers. .Iy rage was al most insanity when tle lirst oflicer struck ime. Were you ever struck? You readl about it, but it is a queer, crazy sensation vwhen you are actually blushlfng under the blow. The insult is the unbairable part of it. I wais then sent to the wheel-house to mtke fast a loosenedl window-sash, for I hlad hadl some experience as a glazier. On my way over, 1 managed to secure ny re volver i thie ldarkness. I lay in wait for tle first olficer, lint, strang to say, tile cap tain caimein his place. Leanhing upon tile brass riling of the stairs, Ie caught sigllt of me cronching in tihe dark. Very kiindtly andl calnly ihe said: 'My boy, come this way.' I could not hIelp obeying. Said he: ' Why sltould you go to destruction? You make me think of my own boy. I once had one; lie was about your size when God took him and left me alone. :Npw, let me Ite your friend, and you hiellhiave younrself on this shlil)," Tihat man couaid have askedine to jump overboard for him, and I woald hauve tdone it !" Tlltt sailor is now one of: thle most truistotd chief enlployees in a great shipyard in Iris native Scotlland, and the kind word sayed him to himself and humanity. 