PART 111. CHAPTER XVII.-(Continued). Tho Square of Como: was' very busy all Sunday, and so were the streets ; busy with people who were shopkeeping, going to church, marketing, singing, working. At night the vocalists were in the ascendancy, but as Walter remarked, they did sing and they were not drunk. They awoke the echoes of the surrounding hills with madri- gals and choruses. If the Square of Como had been a thoroughfare in an English city those bands of workmen and holiday- makers would, it is to be feared, have been roaring out some music-hall song or hiccoughing a vulgar chorus of the slums. ' One goes from home,' said Walter, 4 not only to see how great England is in many things, but how small, not to say brutal, she may be in others.' In the afternoon our English travellers said their prayers with the rest of the church-going community, and towards evening made their first little excursion on the lake, which they navigated in dreamA/ sunshine on the morrow. Sweet and gentle searchers after truth have discovered that Bulwer Lytton adapted his poetic description of the Lake of Como from a foreign source ; other philanthropic critics have at the same time ridiculed the poem as utterly overdone, when applied to, the famous Italian lake. Permit a humble worshipper of nature,; and one who loves art none the less, to say that Bulwer's half page of suggestive description is only a faint indication of the spirit and beauty of Lake Como. Why, there is even an hotel at Bellaggio, half way down the lake, which goes near to he worthy of the Avell known lines :-' A palace lifting to eternal summer Its marble, walls from out a glossy bower Of coolest foliage, musical with birds. The lake is a sheet pf water thirty-five miles in length, and every yard of it a picture of romantic beauty-high sloping hills that hem you in now and then, making not one lake, but many ; hills that are clothed ?with, foliage and backed at many points by distant Alps that are clothed in everlasting snow. As the steamer skirts the shore you see that the gardens of the innumerable villas.are filled Avith flowers, that the .houses are of all descriptions, palaces, cottages, chalets, lodges, hotels j as they go high up into the mountains they dwindle off into the cots of vineyard-tenders or herdsmen. It is won der ful noAv and then to see up in the mountains villages which look like flights of buildings that have settled doAvn in clusters as pigeons might, all in a. heap, Avith a feAv trees about them, and under the sheltering elbows of convenient Alps. The season is Late, they tell me on the boats and at the hotel, yet the air is soft and. balmy, great bunches of westeria decorate garden walls, lilac, rhododendron, Guelder roses, chestnuts are rn full bloom, and at every village where the steamer touches, men and women are sitting out of doors, the men swinging their legs - over quay walls, the women sewing or tending children, all in ' summery'- dresses, .and- we have long since discarded wraps and overcoats, and find the weather hot enough despite the breeze of a steamer in rapid motion. Bel laggio is probably the most delightful point of the lake. It is fifteen miles from its northern extremity, and divides the lake into two branches. Here the travellers commenced their delightful experiences of Bellaggio. The weather was like July in England, though the time was early May. The sky was characteristically Italian. The windows of the hotel were open. From the great drawing-room, came the voice of a prima donna of the lyric stage-, whom some travelling companions had persuaded to sing a few snatches from ' Otello ' and ' Lohengrin.' The terraces of the hotel were reflected in the lake in deep colours of green and pink, and red, and yellow, repetitions of grass and flowers. On the * opposite shore the lake was bordered by a sweep of architecture that melted away into hill and dale ; and far off on the right the snowy mountains pretended they were white clouds capping the rich blue of the sky. In the little town there was a piazza out of which every now and then ran harrow street ways ' up to the hills ; little streets literally of climbing steps. When you looked np these narrow ways and saw women coming down with children in their arms, or men lolling against curious doorways, you could only wish you were an artist with nothing else in the world to do but to put these pictures into Black and white for magazines, or better still, into all their glory of colour for popular picture galleries. When the lusciousness of full summer comes to Lake Como, and rests upon the clustering hills of Bellaggio, ano dreams in a - sunny glow down in tin valleys, it is no stretch of fancy to imagiin the perfumed light of some marble palaci stealing through the mist of alabaste] lamps, and every air Heavy with the sighs Of orange groves and music from sweet lutes, And murmurs of low fountains that gush fortl F the midst of roses. ' Of course I like the picture,' said Dolly ' but not for always, Sam.' ' How do you mean ? ' he asked, pressing her arm as they lounged upon the terrae« watching the light and shade upon tin distant hills. < Beautiful for a visit,' said Dolly ; ' per fectly lovely, hut too good for the likes o: I, as Walter's gardener says down in tin Midlands.' ' You really feel like that ? ' said Sam ' I'm so awfully glad, because I was think ing somewhat in that direction.' ' Really ? ' she asked. 'Indeed, most truly,' he said. 'lone knew an odd, simple kind of rich man wh owned a palace in Worcestershire, hu lived in the lodge which stood by the roa at his gates. Of course, Dolly, I could liv with you, my dear, anywhere, palace c cottage, a garret in Bloomsbury or a bi j o villa standing in its own grounds at Ken sington.' ' Sam, you're so odd ! ' 'That's the bell for dinner/ said Waite Milbanke, coming upon them unobserved and calling their attention to the soundinj gong beyond the terrace, 4 and here are th English newspapers. Such a discovery, hy Jove ! How comedy and tragedy do go hand in hand ! They have found General Petronovitch floating with the tide from the Adriatic into the lagoons, stabbed to the heart with a dagger on which is engraved, in Arabic, the word " Ven- geance." ' - ' How dreadful ! ' exclaimed Dolly. ' It is believed,' continued Walter, ' that he was killed on the night of the illumina- tions and taken out to sea in one of the many boats we saw on that exciting night. By Jove, it's worthy of the ancient days of Venice.' ' I'm glad we didn't stay,' remarked Dolly. 'So am I;' said Swynford, 'and you'll excuse me, Walter, if I don't tear my hair over Petronovitch. I feel so awfully happy.' _ ' ' You look it, my hoy, you look it. Come along, then, We will dismiss the Venetian ghost and try the Bellaggio cuisine. I think it's all right. I have interviewed the chef, and discovered a brand of champagne , that I think will even astonish you, you city Sybarite.' _-A_ 