CHAPTER III. Two MEEET SISTEES. ' It was the opera of " Carmen," ' said Philip ; ' a favourite opera of mine, because it seems to me to be a consistent and possible story, the music and words deftly wedded, the chorus people coming in naturally as part of the story, and not merely to sing. Indeed, it is the only opera in which one's imagination does not seem to be especially or remarkably handi- capped, when at a tragic moment the hero begins to sing, and when the heroine, being stabbed to the heart, or dying of poison, does not also burst out into a wonderful effort of vocalisa- tion.5 ' Oh, you demand realism in opera, do you ? And yet I hear you prefer a light melodramatic work, such as " Carmen," to the great Wagnerian dramas.' ' But I don't make any sweeping criticism for or against any opera or any composer,' Philip replied.. ' " Carmen" always appealed to me some- how for its utter naturalness : I may be wrong ; I dare say I am. Well, it was at the scene where Michavel tries to persuade the soldier lover to go home-the scene with the banditti in the moun- tains, you know-when I was suddenly conscious of a new presence in the house, not upon the stage, but in the theatre. I had glanced aside for a moment, and in the box immediately opposite Lady Marchmount's box, in fact-I saw a face partially hidden among the curtains, pale, ear- nest, with great black eyes, and a halo of dark red hair ; the lips were parted, the face all eager and wonderfully beautiful, and it seemed to me as_if the eloquent eyes fell upon mine. I was fascinated ; as I gazed, the face gradually with- drew into the shadow of the box. When the act was at an end I visited Lady Marchmount. While I shook hands with her ladyship, I looked round her box. "You expected Lord Mount mount ?" she said. " He is obliged to be at the House ; but I think he will come before the end of the last act. My girls are with their aunt ; I am quite alone. Will you not sit ? I thought she seemed to be talking and explaining why she was alone for the sake of putting me off my inquiry as to the lady who was in the box during the bandit scene; I don't know what made me think so. " But the lady," I said, " who was here a few minutes since ?" " What lady ?" she asked. " She was at the back of the box," I said. " I have had no visitor that I am aware of, except your- self." " I beg your pardon, perhaps in was in tho next box ; I am sure you will forgive my curio- sity, Lady Marchmount, but it was a very re- markable and beautiful face, and it went straight home to my imagination as the very face I want for a picture I am going to paint." " That is a convenient excuse you artists make for introduc- tions to pretty women, but I have had no lady in my box to-night. If, however, youare in search of beauty, what say you to Madame Petronovitch ?" She indicated the royal box with her fan, and handed me her glass. ' I looked over the way and saw a handsome, foreign-looking- woman chatting with a dis- tinctly Russian officer ; both animated, the lady evidently happy, the officer somewhat constrained in his manner, and with, as I thoitght, a cruel mouth and a cold, resolute eye. "General Petronovitch," said Lady Marchmount, "the famous Russian diplomat and soldier making a tour of Europe by way of honeymoon, coupled with official business, is to honour the Italian Court during the coming festivities at Venice ; a compliment to Italy which troubles France and does not delight Germany. Lord Marchmount was to have come to bring the General to my box, and no doubt will. Won't you stay?" "Thank you, Lady Marchmount," I said, "I have a friend who is a stranger to town "-which was perfectly true ; a young fellow to whom my mother was anxious I should pay attention. So I left the box, and made a survey of the house from various points, but my mysterious and beautiful vision was nowhere to be seen/ ' It was not a vision after all, eh ? not a dream face, incident and all ?' ' No, it was a reality, and I cannot help thinking Lady Marchmount had some reason for saying she had no other visitor except myself/ ' But surely she would not have told a deliberate lie about it ?' ' She might have done so with a reservation/ \- 'But why?' ' Ah, there you bring me to a dead stop.' ' Woiild it have been possible for the lady to' have gone into the box and Lady Marchmount not have seen her ?' ' Yes, if the door had been left open, and Lady Marchmount had been deeply interested in the play ; but she was not. Her interest was in the Russian party in the Royal box/ ' Was the stranger long in the box ?' 'About as long as it took me to tell you of her.' ' She was very much in earnest, you say ; was she deeply interested in the opera ?' ' On reflection it seems to me she must have been directing her gaze upon the Rtissian box ; and yet also I fancied she looked at me as well. But the incident was brief, and what struck me was the wonderful, sad, tragic beauty of the face/ ' Madame Lapukin's ghost, Phil !' ' No ghost,' said the artist, his eyes upon the face he had drawn. ' Then we will find her. You have all one re- quires/ pointing to the picture, ' to assist an in- dependent search. " Wanted, a mysterious lady, last seen at the opera of ' Carmen' in Lady March mount's box, half hidden in the curtains; re- minded an enthusiastic' artist of-" ' ' Don't scoff, Dick/ said Philip ; ' you have no idea how serious I feel about that face.' 'Of course you do. One only wants the assurance of your canvas to know that. But what other steps, if any, have you taken to find madame ?' ' I have been to the opera every night since, in and out, making calls ; I went into the Milbanke's box. Then another night took my mother; another went into the stalls. I have strolled into the Row, cold as it is, and I have called upon Lady Marchmount/ ' And no clue ?' ' Not the slighest.' ' What does Dolly-Miss Norcott-say to it ?' 'To what?' ' To your search for the mysterious beauty ?' ' I have not mentioned the subject to her/ 'But I thought a young fellow mentioned pretty well everything to his fiancée ?' ' Dolly is not my fiancée/ said the artist. ' Is it all off, then?' ' It was never all on/ ' Oh, indeed ; excuse me. I thought from what your mother said the other night that it was settled, and that you were going with the Mil bankes to Venice.' ' I am thinking of going to Venice.' ' And taking a studio there for a month or two ?' ' Yes/ 'Convenient to have Dolly and her very amiable sister there at the same time ; save you from ennui, and enable you to forget that woman's face/ ' I shall never forget it/ ' Nor will the public/ said Dick, ' if you finish your picture as you have begun it. I don't want to surprise your secret, but Miss Norcott is a very bright, charming, and desirable young woman.' Philip's reply was interrupted by a triple knock at the door, followed by a merry, musical voice, which asked, ' Is anything dreadful going on ? May we come in ?' 'That is Dolly/said Philip. ' Scninded to melike Mrs. .Milbanke,5 said Dick. ' She said " -we/5 ' observed Philip, going to the door, ' and that "we" mea as Dolly and her sister Jenny. ' Of course you may/ said the artist, leading in a pretty, fashionable girl of a little over twenty. ' Jenny is with me-she stayed to speak to the porter's wife. Here she is ; come in. Jenny ; there is nothing dreadful going on, only Mr. Chetwynd/ said the young lady, in a pleasant voice. ' Oh yes, there is/ she continued, all in the same breath, and looking straight at Philip's sketch. ' What a miserable lot ! But how clever ! Is this yours, Mr. Forsyth ?' ' Yes, I think so/ said Philip, his manner some- what constrained as compared with his frank con- versation with Dick Chetwynd. ' One of Forsythia dreams/ said Chetwynd, at the same time greeting Dolly's sister, Mrs. Mil banke. 'What a queer dream/ went on Dolly, 'but Mr. Forsyth has ugly dreams.' '? Not always/ said Dick, smiling in his bland, calm way. ' You are looking charming this morning.' ' Oh, I am not one of Mr. Forsyth's dreams ; I am a very sober reality. Am I. not, Mr. Philip Forsyth?' Here she turned her merry eyes upon Philip, and was the very antithesis of the woman in the picture. Dolly was beaming with good health, a pretty blonde, with, a dainty figure ; very modern, an artist would "av. and so she was in dress, style and manner ; ~ . a tennis-player, a flirt, and . yet at heart a good-natured, pleasant London girl; And ' she was London, every inch of her, with all the London chic and audacity ; fearless . in her pleasant ignorance of art and all its branches, ex- cept the art of dress and the art of small talk ; she would talk on anything, art or what not-the musical. . glasses, or the music of the . .. spheres ; she laxighed at her own ignorance when it be-. " . came too apparent, but she could waltz divinely, sing snatches of all the modern operas, comic and otherwise, play bits of Wagner, Chopin, Mendelssohn, Sulli- van ;;. never finished any- . thing," however, and was . / altogether a pretty, dainty,, amusing, light-hearted Lon- don'girl. And her sister, Jenny, was a great deal like her, only a little inore staid in manner and conversation, she being married and Dolly ' only on the eve of being en- gaged. They" were of me diunx height, both of them, . the one a little prettier than \- the other, both merry, both touched with - the society mania of knowing the ' smartest people, don't you : know ?' both, flirts,: both ge- nial, pleasant, and good wo- men. - Once in a way some, : conceited .person of the op ? posite sex would mistake their free and unconstrained manners, and trespass by. r suggestion or remark upon what they considered their good nature, and then it would be revealed to him and sundry that Dolly and her sister ' stood no non- sense,' to use a favourite phrase of- Mr. Samuel Swynford, an admirer ot both the sisters, and especi ally of Dolly, for whom it. was generally known he cherished a more or . less secret passion. 'They both , like a bit of fun/ said Sáin to a friend, who had heard of a snub Mrs. Milbanke; had administered to a'e'er-.' tain noble lord, ' but they know just ; how far to go, and any fool who is not eqixally well informed comes a cropper, I can tell you, if he presumes, upon their good nature. It's like a bear transaction against a-strong syndicate. I know a fellow who did a big bear on Nitrates just as the rise began ; he did not know how the north .- wind was blowing, any more than did your noble ' lord when he ventured to discount the high, ; unblemished, and beautifully moral characters of Dolly Norcott and lier sister Jenny.' They were daintily dressed, : the two merry sisters. Dolly might have been called a harmony . in pink ; for -if her cloak was of dark plush, the lining was of soft pink silk, and her hat was of some indescribably pinky salmon colour, in tone and sympathy therewith. Jenny, her sister, was dark, hot a brunette, but her hair was a very deep brown, her eyes hazel, her, complexion, what . Disraeli would have called rich, and while there . was a strong family likeness to her sister, she was hot as pretty as Dolly, npr had she the fresh- ness pf youth that was Dolly's precious possession both in fact and in appearance. Dolly was twenty- three,, Jenny was thirty. Jenny wore a ... plush cloak of a dead gold colour, and unbutton- ing* it, disclosed a lovely-dress of ruby silk. She wore a plush hat to match her cloak, tall and stately, with nodding decorations, such as gentle- men find very awkward at theatrical matinees, and against which one of the free and indepen- dent States of America is about to pass a law. Before it comes into force it is to be hoped the fashion of exaggerated hats will have changed, though it must be admitted that the prevailing fashions are not unpicturesque. Dolly Norcott and Mrs. Milbanke might have been presented to the most querulous American critic of tall hats as very pleasant arguments in their favour, and one would not object to have had the two ladies put into competition with any two American beauties of their age, or indeed in competition with any two sisters of any other country, though of late years America has claimed the palm, and many Eng- lishmen seem to have conceded to them the claim for feminine beauty over the old country and every other. Birt no woman in all the world grows old as gracefully or beautifully as an Englishwoman ! There is Lady Marchmount, for instance. She is nearly sixty ; she looks forty, has the voice of thirty, the manners of a matron, the heart of a girl ; there is not a wrinkle in her face, nor a white hair in her head. And yet she does not, as do many American ladies pf her age, dress as if she were twenty ; she accepts the fact of her age, assumes the role of a matron who is a grand- mother, and preserves, as 'she will; to her last days, a charm of manner and a womanly grace, which is exceptionally the inheritance of English- women. ' Don't go on our account,. Mr. Chetwynd,' said ;Mrs. Milbanke ; ' we only called because we were passing, and Dolly wondered what Mr. Forsyth was doing. We have been Galling on. Lady Marchmount.' ?"'"'.*?'. - 'Many people there ?' asked Philip. ' No, twenty or thirty,' said Dolly. ' The usual set : members of Parliament's wives, ' a prima, donna engaged to sing, a thought reader, and several persons from the Italian Embassy.''.' . ' Jenny poses before herjmirrorin a'pale yellow tea-gown of soft silk.' 'Many ladies ?' asked Philip, his mind running - on the woman of the opera. . '- ' '"Why, I told you/ said Dolly, 'the same old set ; are you still dreaming ? Therre was a very pleasant man who knows Venice well ;. h0 says we ought to stay there at least twp Month's-4hat for his part he could live there for évèr f and Jenny told him you are going to haye a studio there and paint, at which he was deeply interested/ ' Oh, here you are/ said Mts'. Milbanke, as the : porter's wife entered with1 tea; 'I ventured to ask for some tea, Mr. Forsyth/ said Mrs. Mil barikè. ' I always think it is so delightful, tea in a studio ; and especially when there is no fuss and the men can go on smoking; " Liberty Hall," as Mr. Samuel Swynford says/ ' 'Just so/ said Chetwynd. .'Has Mr. Swynf ord made a fortune yet ?' , , ' ' ' I am sure I don't know. He was very mys- terious the other night with Walter about some Transvaal mines that are a certainty. I don't quite know whether he is a bull or.a bear, but he says they will go up to ten premium, and that when they do he is going to have a holiday. . He ' has let Walter have a few shares/ ' Which I fear will settle pPor Sam's prospects/ chimed in Dolly, 'as "Walter told him; for\if there is an unlucky fellow- in the world, it is Walter.' ' ' He does not think so/ said Chetwynd ; ' at ail events he does not look it when he is out with his wife and sister/ ' Ah, he is a dear fellow-Walter/ remarkèd Dolly, sipping her tea, and suddenly remarking to Philip,, ' Won't you make me a cigarette ? I might take one whiff, eh ? There wias a Russian woman at Lady Marchmount's who smoked a cigarette, much to everybody's surprise; it is true she only smoked it in the hall when she was leaving. They say cigarette smoking grows on one like dram-drinking ; your mother, Lady Forsyth, allows it at her Sunday evenings, Mr. Philip ?' ' Yes,' Philip replied, ' she allows many things which I don't think I would permit.' ' Walter won't let us smoke,' said Mrs. Mil banke ; ' not that we want to, but he won't have it at all, although he himself smokes from morn- ing till night.' ' Walter is very funny about his smoking,' said Dolly ; ' he says it is a good thing for the house, and a good thing for him, but a bad thing for women- taints their breath, makes them mannish, which he hates. But you have got a rather mannish woman in your picture, Mr. Forsyth.' ' Do you think so ?' 'Yes, but I suppose she is intended to be tragic, eh ?' 'Yes.' ' I thought so ; the young man is dying of cold and weariness, and she wants to help him, and that Cossack soldier won't let her. What a look she gives him ! It will be a fine picture.' ' Do you think so ?' exclaimed Philip, with a smile of satisfaction. ' Dick is pleased with it.' ' Then it must be good,' remarked Jenny, ' if ' Mr. Chetwynd thinks so, and is not afraid to put his thoughts into words.' ' Indeed, you seem to know me, Mrs. Milbanke. What a pléasant thing it is to have a character that everyone can read like a book ] . --to wear one's heart upon one's ' sleeve, as Shakespeare has it.' . i ' For daws to peck at, eh ?' Then I'm a daw, Mr. Chetwynd, thank you. You didn't think I knew my Shakespeare, I suppose. Come, Dolly ; now we must go. I have scored off Mr. Chetwynd, and I will not stay a minute longer.' ' That is so like Jenny,' Dolly re- marks to Philip; 'whenever she, wins anything she leaves off. , Some people lay down their cards or.their bat or leave the tables when they lose ; Jenny always leaves when she wins/ " ' Except that once, Dolly, at Monte Cárlo:-do you remember ? j Don't think I gamble, Mr. Chetwynd; but at Rome do as the Romans do. We were at Monte Carlo last winter with Walter, and, of course; we went to the tables. I know nothing abotit faro and that kind ..of .thing -,. I. : simply backed thé-red!--it was the day before we left-it came up five, times, five times ten pounds, and then I put all the fifty on ; it came up again, and then I would leave. Don't you think I was wise?' 'You are always wisej and always delightful,' said Dick. ' Come along, Dolly. Good-byé, Mr. Forsyth. I know Mr. Chetwynd is going to say something sharp and cutting ; I won't hear it. Come along, Dolly; I can hear the carriage on the gravel. I_ told him to come for us in a quarter of an hour. Au revoir, Mr. Forsyth; you aré coming to dinner.' ' 'To talk over Italy, and especially Venice,' said Dolly, turning' the battery of her eyes upon Philip. And what lovely eyes they were, blue as an Italian sky, her lips as red as its coral, and her whole figure, appearance, manner, voice, the warm pressure, of her hand, radiating health and sensuous good nature. 