HOW TO START A PARISH LIBRARY. That it is most desirable to have A good collection of Catholic books in every mission all will readily admit, especially when they hear that our venerated hierarchy, headed by his Eminence Cardinal Moran, have warmly recommended it. Books are the sweetest of companions. The first time I read an excellent book it is to me just as if I had gained a new friend: the second time I read it, it is as if I met an old one. Of all things sold, books may be said to be far the cheapest; of all pleasures they are the slowest to pall upon the taste. They take up little room, keep quiet when they are not wanted, and when taken in the hand bring us face to face with the choicest men in their choicest moments. " If," said the famous Fenelon, " the crownB of all kingdoms were laid at my feet in exchange for my books and my love of reading, I would spurn them all." A good library in every district is therefore most desirable. How to establish it is the question I humbly propose to answer. I do so by setting forth what I have several times wit nessed a good priest doing in this matter, and each time with the same favorable result. He began by publicly recom mending the project of a book society from the pulpit. Then he drew up a few rules stating: (1) that each member on entering the new society should pay ah entrance tee of 2s.; and (2) a monthly fee of 3d. to add on new books as the months went by; and (3) that books would be given to members every Sunday after mass. Next he wrote a brief circular, and sent a copy by the school children to every householder inviting him to join, to send his answer back by the youthful bearers, and if convenient the entrance fee as well. Almost invariably the answers were affirmative. After counting the latter, he, without more ado, bought an equal number of books averaging two shil lings each; and on the following Sunday the newly appointed librarian had a tempting volume for each member. All this did not involve very much trouble, but even if it did, the trouble wa3 more than amply repaid by the happy results. Many a good and zealous priest has stated that by dis tributing suitable books among his parishioners he has done more good to them than by his sermons and all his other efforts.—4' Anon," in the Aus tralian Messenger of the Sacred Heart. Tub, Pope Vetoes a Marriage.— Does the Pope enjoy a right of veto upon the celebration of civil marriages at British Embassies ? The question is necessary, because such a veto was certainly exercised recently againBt a marriage at the British Consulate at Constantinople. Count Prezziosi, a Maltese nobleman, desired to espouse a French lady, who,, by force of circum stances, had become divorced from her husband. The Papal representative gave notice of objection to the celebra tion of the marriage at the British Con solate, but the licence waB granted, and Sir Henry Fawcett promised to perform the ceremony. On the appointed day, however, when the bridal party arrived, an: advocate representing the Papacy appeared and entered a caveat, where upon Sir Henry Fawcett declined to proceed, and the irate bridegroom and the weeping bride were compelled to retire in single blessedness. PROGRESS OF CATHOLIGIBM. — The Annals ofthe Propagation of the Faith, in giving a general review of Catholic missions all over the world* says that the obward march of Catholicism has i been very marked inProfestant countries. :In Sweden,: Norway, and -England, illustrious conversions are registered almost daily ; Russia accepts the Polish bishops appointed by the Pope; in :Ronmania, the new cathedral at 'Bucharest is crowded throughout its vast aisles on every festival day; Switzerland greets on the occasion of the silver wedding of his Episcopate,, the former exile, Mgr. Mermillod; the Sultan of Constantinople sends his Isojdiers to escort the . procession of the Blessed Sacrament, while in Stamboul itself, the Fathers of the Assumption instruct the children -and preach the gospel. In the far East the Churches of Tonqutri and Cochin China ar e healing their wounds and enjoying a relative calm under the shelter of the French flag. The hew cathedral of Pekin was consecrated with a ceremonial of extraordinary solemnity, while in Japan and Cores the missioners turn to account for the glory of God the liberty granted to them by treaties and the toleration of Governments. In the Indies, since the establishment of the hierarchy, Catholic life flows on in a copious stream. The missions in Oceania, America, and Africa, are producing most solid and lasting results, and are a source of joy to the zealous and self-sacrificing missionaries who have charge of them. The Cardinal Archbishop of Carthage.—A few days hence Car dinal Lavigerie will consecrate the new Cathedral which has been bnilt among the ruins of Carthage. The Cathedral stands on Byrsa Hill, in the centre of the Acropolis, and is said to make a very striking appearance with its dazzling white towers and minarets. Its architecture is a mixture of Roman and Byzantine; it is built of the bril liant white chalky-looking Maltese stone, and seems, to deserve the descrip tion of the most important religious house in Africa. Within, the cathedral is divided into nave, transepts, and a gallery, and the roof is supported by one hundred and forty-two columns of white Carran marble. The wood-work is of pitch-pine, and the walls are decorated with lovely Tunisian faience. The ceiling has been painted with a rich profusion of Arabesque. The cathedral is dedicated to St. Louis, who died upon a spot not far distant. Beneath the altar, and at the very foot of his episcopal throne, Cardinal Lavigerie has had constructed the tomb in which he desires to be interred. Upon the marble slab in the floor which marks the entrance to the vault is already inscribed the following epitaph in Latin Here rests in peace, in the hope of infinite mercy, he who was Charles Martial Allemand Lavigerie, Cardinal Priest of the Holy Roman Church, Archbishop of Carthage and of Algiers, Primate of Africa, and who now is dust. Pray for him." Catholics and (Jbime.—" Watch man" in the New Zealand Catholic Times says:—" There are people who will say to us that the fact still remains that the Catholic proportion of the seven-eighths of the criminal class is the highest. That may be so. What does it prove ? Firstly, as has often been pointed out, it does not prove anything against the Catholic schools of the colony. Secondly, it does not prove anything against any schools anywhere, for it is not even asserted that these criminals have had any education at all. Obviously to profess to belong to a denomination and to have been care fully trained in the schools of that denomination are two things radically different. Thirdly, the country that contributes most of the Catholics in the immigration to New Zealand has been for years so badly governed, and its people has been deprived of its educa tional rights to such an extent, that it is wonderful the criminal element is not a great deal stronger. That is the one thing which the Canterbury critic's figures prove incontestably, and if possible with more force than the fact that the Canterbury critic is quite unfit to be left at large among any collection of figures. Unless restrained he will, under such circumstances of violent temptation do himself serious injury. So much he has persuaded us with great success." The Church - and Cremation.— Cremation is condemned by the Church. This is an all-sufficient reason why Catholics cannot approve of burning the bodies of the dead. Even were there no condemnation by the Church, Catholics might well hesitate to declare themselves in favor of a custom that Freemasons, Atheists, and Materialists have, in a special manner, taken under their patronage. The reason upon which the condemnation of cremation restB iB the Christian belief that the body is the temple of the Holy Ghost, and that it is made the medium of magnificent supernatural graces con ferred upon the soul. : The body is washed in baptism, that the soul may be cleansed from sin. The body is' anointed in Confirmation and Extreme Unction that the soul may receive increase of purity, strength, and courage. , In Holy Orders the hands are;,signed with the sacred oil, and in Holy Communion it is upon the tongue that the most holy flesh of Christ is laid. Moreover, the body, even when dead, is no ordinary common clay ; it it destined to a glorious resurrection and to an abounding fulness of true and everlasting life amidst the joys of heaven. Even though it be admitted that cremation is a more rapid or, in some cases, a safer way of consuming the dead body, it is a custom from which Christian instinct revolts. We wish, in burying our dead, to give expression to our veneration, and we feel that cremation, involving, to some extent at least, a disregard for the expression of such veneration, would soon succeed in destroying altogether the veneration itself. Yet that venera tion, we are convinced, is a right and noble feeling, and well worthy of being cherished for its own sake and especi ally so for the holy and consoling hopes which it nourishes and defends. The Pope and the Premier —The London correspondent of the Melbourne Advocate writes:—" The Protestant Alliance has been holding its annual meeting in Exeter Hall, and asking, in holy horror, what is to become of ' our glorious Protestant constitution' if con fidential communications between Lord Salisbury and the Scarlet Lady seated on the seven hills are allowed to con tinue f The Prime Minister is threatened with an uprising of all the Protestant feeling of the country against him and his Government if he does not mend his ways and cease his efforts to bring England once more under the heel of the Pope. The ' Romanising movement' within the Church of Eng land—-that is, the Ritualistic party—is once more denounced through all the moods and tenses, and summed up as an abomination in the sight of God and man. A crumb of comfort is gathered from the fact that the British and Foreign Bible Society send out every day five tons weight of Bibles, Testa ments, and portions of Scripture. But the Daily Telegraph unkindly says, in noticing thiscircumstance:—' It appears to be the custom of people who receive the publications of the British and Foreign Bible Society to fling them into the gutter.' Cruel, but true!" A Good Samaritan.—" While I was Bishop of Richmond," relates Cardinal Gibbons, " Governor Kemper, of Virginia, was pleased on one occasion to attend the commencement at the academy kept by the Sisters of Charity. At the close of the exercises he made a touching address, in which he narrated the following personal incident:—' In the battle of Gettysburg there was a soldier wounded, and, as it was thought, to death. When restored to conscious ness be saw beside him on the battle field a deal coffin ready to receive his mortal remains. But he also saw a Sister of Charity, who bound up his wounds, cooled hiB fevered brow, moistened his parched lips, and nursed him till he was able to be removed from the field, and now that soldier stands before you.'" Good Advice.—The Most Rev. John Walsh, D.D., Archbishop of Toronto, strenuously advises Catholics to read Catholic papers. Among other things he says :—" The Catholic press has a great and glorious mission to fulfil in this country, and it should be encouraged and fostered by all wh • have the sacred interests of the Church at heart." Count Abima and Viscount Kobaya Kova, two Japanese youths, have been received into: the Church at Eiisdorf, near Berlin. 