DR. TALMAGE IN PALESTINE. A gentleman who accompanied Dr. Talmage through the Holy Land gives the following incidents in the Christian World:— " We left Jerusalem by the Jaffa Gate, making a stop for luncheon at the Good Samaritan's Inn; which bears the name of the Hathrur Khan, and is situated about half-way between Jerusalem and Jericho. It is in a very ruinous conditfon. The region all around is most desolate, opportunities of ambush abound, and highwaymen are nnmerous. It was enough for us to find in the old khan an opportunity of repose and Refreshment, and to reflect that it occupies in all probability the site of the inn existing in the time of oar Lord, to which He made reference in the exquisite narrative of the Good Samaritan (Luke x.), and where He also, perhaps, often rested while on His errands of good will to men. ' We next visited the brook Cherith, where the Prophet Elijah was sustained with the bread and meat sup. plied by the ravenB (1 Kings xvii.). At the present time large numbers of these birds frequent the steep declivity in the mountain range through which the stream makes its course. At sunset we reached What is alleged to be the site of Jericho, where we encamped for the night. Our camp was almost at the foot of what is now called the Mount of Temptation, on which, it is affirmed, Christ was tempted of the devil. The Jericho of the time of our Lord was a splendid city, of which many remains exist. The hill above its Bite seems to consist largely of the rubbish of the houses, temples, and palaces, in which Herod the Great took special pride. ' Early the next morning we resumed our journey. The first points of interest that attracted our attention were the peaks known as Mounts Pisgah and Nebo, on which, respectively, Moses ' viewed the landscape o'er,' and ended his mortal life (Num. xxi. 20 ; Deut xxxii. We were next shown the house of Zaccheus, which is a remarkably well preserved edifice. An hour's delightful ride brought us to the clear blue waters of the Dead sea, a calm and beautiful expanse nearly fifty miles long and about ten miles wide. It receives the waters of the Jordan at its northern end, but has no outlet at the south. We sat down on its shingly beach and read its history. Then we bathed our hands and faces m its waters, which, as soon as the moisture had dried off, we found covered with a white salty incrustation. Dr. Talmage tried a mouthful of the water, which he found to be most disagreeable to the taste. The so-called apples of Sodom we found by actual experience are not filled with ashes, as we have been told, but with seeds. " On our way to the Dead Sea, shortly after we had started out in the morning, and while at modern Jericho (a wretched village consisting of mud houses and hedged about with thorns) Dr. Talmage was' greeted warmly by a group of gentlemen, some of them Americans, who were making a protracted stay in the Holy Land. One of them, who was from Boston, introduced himself as the author of a volume which criticises severely some of Dr. Talmage's sermons. He hoped, however, that this fact would not prevent the Doctor permitting him to make one of the party as far as the Jordan. Of course Dr; Talmage consented cordially to this arrangement. Our new friends proved themselves to be men of considerable attain- • ments, well acquainted with the country through which we were travelling, and thoroughly familiar with its Biblical associations. After awhile, one of them enquired of Dr. Talmage whether he would consent to baptise him in the River Jordan. The desired consent was given, and 3 p.m. appointed as the time for the ceremony. After luncheon preparations were made for the coming baptism. Copies of the hymn beginning, ' On Jordan's stormy banks I stand,'were written out by the ladies of the party; the Toga of our Arab Sheik was borrowed to serve as a baptismal robe for Dr. Talmage, while the candidate secured for his own use an outfit from one of the servants. Everything being in readiness, the minister and the candidate advanced to the water's edge, the other members of the party forming a semicircle about them. Dr. Talmage solemnly invoked the Divine blessing, and then read tbe story of the baptism of Jesus in the Jordan by John, from the third chapter of the Gospel of St, Matthew. Afterwards all present joined in singing the hymn selected and copied as above related. Dr. Talmage then said: 'In this historic river, which parted three times to let God's people pass dryshod, in which Naaman plunged seven times for healing, and from the banks of which Elijah ascended in equipage of fire, and in which Christ was baptised, I baptise thee.' Then taking the candidate by the hand he led ~ him into the water, quoting the authority for baptism as found in Matthew xxviii, 19, Beaching the sufficient depth he immersed the candidate, repeating the usual formula: ' In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost,' after which he pronounced the benediction. • Soon after the service we mounted our horses and began the return trip, passing on the way Gilgal, where Saul, the first King of Israel, was crowned, and paying a visit of inspection to the huts which were inhabited 1 by the poverty stricken Arabs of Modern Jericho. Upon reaching our encampment we found an excellent dinner awaiting us. We enjoyed it heartily, having appetites sharpened by pure air and exercise. A large bonfire gave us abundant warmth and light after the evening meal, During our encampment at Jericho we drank water from the well which tradition says was the one the waters of which were miraculously sweetened by the prophet Elisha (2 Kings ii.). On the morning of our departure for Jerusalem we visited the well itself which was pouring forth an inexhaustible supply of tbe purest water in all Palestine. We lunched a second time at the Good Samaritan's Inn, after which we pushed on to Bethany, situated about two miles from Jerusalem. The name means 'The House of Poverty,' which aptly describes it as it is now. There arc, perhaps, forty mud houses in the village, lying sleepily 400 feet below the summit of the Mount of- . Olives. The house, said to stand on the site of the one lived in by Mary and Martha and Lazarus, was visited by us as a matter of course. There Dr. Talmage read those passages in the Gospel of St. John, relating to, the home of the people who were Jesus' closest friends. We then descended to the tomb reputed to be that whence Lazarus came at the command of Him ' who fettle Resurrection and. the Life.' The house of Simon the leper,is said to have stood near the tomb we visited and many stones are pointed out ss actually ^ having been part of the structure, the principal room in which was once filled with the odour ol precious ointment poured on the Saviour's head.' In Jesus, every soul of man stands a possible conqueror over ein and Satan. '-*• God never promised to- save by miracles thoae- ... that would "not save themselves by means.: 