A °ASiberiani Tragedy. ire GEOGxE 0oosE. \--+4+ lime. Ardliff was a slender, blondo-laired little Parisienne, who LOte used todaleee litl.tly in the bail. ooms of tile Chalopa. Il ydesl, and chatter gaily of the things of toe boulevard; but she nor no longer felt interest in anythirg. Paris was to her a vanished dream, S.bhria an unchanging reality. Nine months out of every year of blank,umoaorful sowe, white eileno, extend. ikg from horizon to horizon; then a brief respite, when the fields caught flower, and color rushled through every valley and over every hill, and innumerable intolts buzzed in :ha green underwood of the steppes-such is Siberia. She had married Count Ardloff, she Governor of Toboleb, to save-her father from ruin, but this child of the asphalt thrived but poorly in the desert, and her husband saw, and with fierce anger, that she could not en. dure her present life; naw there was nothing in common between them but the chain of marriage by which he held her. "Scratch the RFssian and you will find the Tartar." Nothing can be more true. Primitive races can but ape the sentiments and refhiements of fueling which mate bear able our lives, and O3unt Ardloff could not pass the gulf- the impasesable gulf-the gulf made b ecenturies of civilisation which lay between him and .his wife. He could hold her to his bosom, but even then she seemed nearer to Vanes, a young Polish oflfieer, than him. And yet no friendship could be purer; they were merely exiles who talked of their dibtant homcs, their lost friends, and their abandoned dreams. lint such sentiments are little understood in Siberia, and ugly little rumors concerning Mime. Ardloff and young Vancahad begun to be whispered-the end of a phrase hissed slightly and a concluding smile turned somc what eerpent-wise-that was all. Count Ardlcff watched and waited, asa us picious and fierce as a wild cat. He was a man about fifty; his beard was strong and gray, and he stood like a Hercules. Five years pased?in Paris had lent him a disguise which, in hie ordinary moods, per. fbelly enabled him to hide his Tartar charae ter, arid when she married him, the bright French girl little thought that a few glasses of champagne or a slight contradiction would transform the elegant gentleman on whose arm she leaned into a savage Cossach. Now a fierce gleam shot from his eyes as they fell upon his wife, who, lying back in her easy-ohair, sat languidly listening to Vanca's clear voice. It mattered not to the count what they were saying. Ina did not stay to consider whether they were planning an elopement or talking of the emperor. He merely hated her for appearing to be so in. timate with one of his otlicers. She belonged st him; she was his property-a property ihe had acquired because it had pleased him to do so. What, then, did she mean by think icg of or concerning herself about anyone eleet Those were the count's thoughts ao he took the cards that had been handed to him and shufiled them through his strong fingers. Some eight or a dozen gentlemen in the uni form of the Russian Army were grouped around him, a lady eat at the plasno, and couples were seated under the greenery of the exotic plants with which the reocesses of the room were filled. There wees not much conversation, the interest of the company heirg apparently centred in the count. Every now and then someone passed across the room, and, after watching the cards for a few minutes, would eringingly murmur some words of adultation. Every phrase began or ended with "Your excellency," and was rounded off with a bow. Dat the count paid very little attention to his flatterers. When he had finiehed deal ing, as he threw down the last card, he glanced again in the direction where his wife was sitting. As she listened to the young Pole, her atti tude grew more and more abandoned. He spoke to her of her past life, of a lost love; and the accents of regret with which Ihe nar rated his experiences reminded her of how she had suffered similar deceptions; of how her aspirations and glad visions had, like his, perished. They spoke of those sad, eternal truths which each pair of lovers fancy they alone have discovered, but which have moved all past generations, as they will doubtless move all those which are coming to birth, till man's soulhas ceased to be what it is. So absorbed were Vanca and Jarne. Ardloff in the contemplation of the poet, that they were only so much enselous of each other as each helped the other to realise their Sseparate livee. The outer world had faded from them, and in tire insinuatig emotion which drew them together she leaned her hands over the edge of the chair, end, follow ing the movement instinctively, he took up the glove she had laid down and played with At this eign of intimaey, the count's eyes flashed vindictively, and he called to his wife. impatiently : "'Marie, will you order some cham. pagno? ' Without answeriog, she told Vanca to ring the bell. Instantly rising, he complied with her request, and then, forgetting he had not returned the ecuntess her glove, stopped to speak to a friend. Ilis friend tried to warn him with a look, but, b-fore a word could be said, the Pole had walked across the room, still twirling the fatal glove in his fingers. He did this with a esrtain nonchalance that would have angered a better-tampered man than Count Ardloef. A grim scowl passed across his face, and he whispered something to an aide-de-camp, who stood near him. The ofii:er left the room. It was a terrible moment, full of consterna tion and silenoe; but before the unfortunate Pole had time to reaslise his danger two Cos sack eoldiers entered the apartment. The company gave way before them, withdrawing into groups ncd lines. Vanca had his back turned to them, and he still wrapped the fatal glove round and round his fiogers. He stood as if lost in reverie, sceanning a marble bust of tho countess. At last the stillness of the room oslOke him, and, as the Cossacks were about to seize him, he turned. His frightcned eyes met theirs; lhe started back preclpitately, bot, with a quict movement, the soldiers laid hands upon him. In a low voice the aide-de. camp said: "You are arrested by order of his excel lency." Dazed and bowildered, Vanea pushed the soldiers from him, and, stretching forth his hands, appealed to the count. " How is this, your excellency ?" he cried, wildly; "I am guilty of nothing. There must be some mistake." Count Ardloff stood broad, tail and vin dictive, with the light of lustre shining full on his high, bald forehead; and iron-gray beard concealed the lower part of hIris equare face. Vana cried one more word ef nppeal, and then stopped, puzzled. MIme. Ardloff arose, pale and trembling, but her husband motioned her away. The guests remained in raws, still as the figures of a frieze, and, at a sign from the rmler, with a movement of shouldcrs, the Cosseeks forced the Polo frcm the room. The eCeEs was v(ry Eshot. Immediately afler, the count epoke of in d'fierent thing, taid glase·s of clnrmpagne were hslr.ded rrond. ?lIe. Ardioff traed, vacantly, unable to collct Iher thoughtrl; till, suddenly esceincg tie glove which Vance had dropped, thie reason of his arreut dawned upon her, and she trembled violently, and s0 sgitated was she that ohe could scarcely say* good-bye to her guests. Tihe count, how. ever, dismissed them rayidly, speaking all the while of the approaching summer, the number of convicts that bad escopedfrom the mince, and the emperor, -When husband an.i wife wer aler.e, the count picked up the glove and Landed it to the countess, with an ironical smile, and, without alluding to what had happenedscid thht;it was very late, and adviatd her to re tire to her room. She obeyed without anawering. She knew something horrible was going to happen, and, stupefied with fear, she mounted the staircase. He stayed behind to give an order, and, mastering her fears, she listencd. He was talking in the hall below to his aide-de-asmp, and she heard him say that Vanca must be at once degraded to the ranks, and her heart beat with joy at the ptospcot of his rcasping with so slight a punishment. Her emotion was so great that she did not catch the next phrase, and when Ebo heard again, her husband was tlliong his officer to have all in readiners, that he would be at the barracks at nine neat morn ing. There was something strange in this, and rIme. Ardloff went trembling to her room. The shadows seemed livid and the lamp burned luridly, and oppreseer with the hor rors of the evening, she sat in the silence, afraid to go to bed. Through the frozen window-panes she could -sea glistening the wide nmows of the Siberian winter. 'Wearily abe askcd herself why she had been condemned to live in these impassable dererts. The howl of a dog broke the stillness of the night, and it sounded in her excited mind like thi last dying cryOf rome poor onedujnistly done to death. Wiast was to become of Varca ? Why could not ahe save him ? Save him I Was there need for that? Startling to her feet, she Etrove by an effort of will to rid hbtetal of heerrrors. Then, shaking with forebodings and regrets, she undressed; butahundred fancies assailed her imagination and gave life to the tigurta on the tapestry, to the hbadows on the floor, and, white, like a ghost in a tomb, she lay reetleas in her rlarge bed. Sleep fled from her, until at last sie fell into a deep, dreamless torpor, from which, toward morning, the was awakened by tn heavy tramping of feet in the corridor. A moment after her husband entered. lie was attired in the Russian military cloak, and his hand woson his sword. "Get up," he said, impatiently; "I want - yon to come out with me. I aime ordered the sledge." "Why should I get up at this hour? I It is only just daylight, and I am very I tired." "I am sorry you are so tired, but I want you to come to the barrarke." tHmrrmbering tie order she had t:rar given over night, Mmo. Ardlcff trcned Iale i at the mention of the word barracks. Twenty I times she felt an indefinite desire rising up within her to throw hraclf into his arms and I hbe of him to be merciful; but he locked so I implacable that her courage died away, and i she feared that any interest s:he might show a for Vanca would only still further prejudice i his chances of escape. Wrapping her long, blue-fox fur mantle around her, she told him she was ready. He looked to see if she had forgotten anything. lier handklerahief lcy on the table, and as he handed it to her his attention was attracted by le,,on d'e sed reo!atic. " We may want this," he said, and slipped I it into her pocket. " What do you mean f" she said, turn. ing suddenly; " are you going to murder meIn " "To murder youl" he replied, laughing cynically ; " what nonsense !" And half pusling her before him, they de scended - the stairease. She tried several times to resist him, but he got her into the sledge. " To the barracks," lhe cried to the coach man, as he sat down beside his wife and arranged the ruce. During the drive neither spolo a (word. His face was clouded in a sort of sullen moodinese, and terrified ehelcol'ed down the dazaling perepectives ortheo'dotlylus; etacta. Tih barracks were situated at the end of the eastern euburb. The horres cantered briskly, and soon a large building appeared. It stood alone; all round stretched tim white expacro of the steppes; and the sledge passed a largo gateway into the barrack-rqeare, which had been cleared of snow. The officer who was waiting to receive them helped the count to descend. Mime. Ardloff was told to remain seated. Immediately after, a trumpeterblew is call and a file of men merehed to within a few yards of the sledge and formed themselves snto a double line, " Front rank, quick march," cried the oflicer. When they had gone eight paces, be cried, "Halt!" and then gave the crder, "' Iight-about turn." Vanca was then led forth. He walked be tween two soldiers. iHe was naked to the waist, and behind him came the executioner. Bo carried in his hand. a barbarous knout, and over hia shoulder dangled its secen cruel lashes. In ussia an offitter of the army cannot be flogged, but he can he degraded to the ranks in twenty-four hours. This is what happened in the present case. Vanes was now a common soldier, and was waiting to receive the fifty lashes to which he had been sentenced. And the fashion of administering the knout in Iussia is as follows : The condemned man is forced to walk between two files of soldiers; before him, holding a sword pointed at his breast, is an olsiner, who steps backward with a slow and prceisopace, which regulates the strokes which the executioner administers. So terrible are the loaded thongs, armed at the end with sharp iron hooks. thlit at the tenth or eleventh blow even the most robust fall. fainting to the ground. S3metimee, however, the exece. tioner is merciful and kills the victim out rightr; but more often he is forbidden to strike with his fell force, an:l-the mangled being is carried to a hospital and oured of his wounds ; and this is repeated until be has received his full punishment. Sunh is Rteesia-and for Vanca all waSuno prepared; the soldicra stood in a line, the erxecutioner twirled his lashes, only an officer to lead the way remained to.be appointed. It was for Count Ardloff to do this. lie lookcd around; there were half-a-doienr men standing around him, any of whom might haves been chosen. As haI glanced from one to the other, his attention was attracted by a man who from' a doorway at the other end of thlre barrack-yard, was eagerly waotching. "\Who is that man?"" aked ithe count. " The man was ealled. It was Vanca's brother. . " What are you waiting about the doorway for I" " I was waiting to see if your excellenoy would pardon my poor brother," replied thebo Pole. " Pardon your poorbrother," said Count Ardlaff with a bitter sneer; " I will Elowytou how I pardon. Drawyour swordand lead the way, and take care you don't walk too fast." After one deep, questioning lookl, which told him that the Russian meant to be obeyed, he rcko his sword across his knee, and said, as he hurled the pieces scorlnfully aside : ' I)o with me as yeno will, but I will not cerve a country inhabited by barbarians and governed by fiends." Even the Cos.anks ecthanged glances of sympathly, andti hald thley known the whole trutlt, it was not impropahle that tlhey might;avre revoltred. Stlice to say, that for a nmonnt Mlme. Ardloff freared for her thus. hand's eafety. BDt his fierce brutality dominated his soldiers, and theelder \'anca wars manacneled and a heavy guard placed ,ver him. The slene that then presented itself was this: Two files of soldiers, Count Ardlcffi commanding, stern and imnplarable; one brother half naked and bleeding, the other in irons; a pale woman with agony written in her face, wrapped up in fors, and apsir cf hor:e! munchbig in' their noed-bags, un. coaecious cfau€Lt else. The cllecr tuok su?ther step bark ;`the Ecven thongs whirled in the air, and again toro into red furrows the lacerated flesh. As Vanca staggered forward, his face convulsed with pain, his e)ys fixed on Mute. Ardlofi, and they asked, with a terrible eloquence, "Oh, why did you betray me?" HeIr arms we clasped, and in her emotion; having lost all power of utterance, she strove to send forth her soul to tell him of how in. nooent she was. Then another blow fell, and the blood equirted horribly, and the fleSh buns ragged. It was eiokening, and from sheer horror and nausea Mme. Ardito fainted. But it was her husband's intention that she shonld witneSs, to the end, the re venge he had so carefully prepared, and diving his hand into the pocket of her mantle, he produced the bottle of sdc volatile. With this he quickly restored her to con. sciouences, and then sho heard him aying : " Awake, awake, for I winh you to acse how I punish those who insult 'mc." Vanca had now received nice strokoes. He was but a raw macs of quivering flash. Hlope leFs and faintly, like one in a nightmare, Mme. Ardlhff atrove to speak, until at last the words long denied hri roes to her lips, but they ceme too late, and, mad with pain, the tortured man, with a whirling, starg.: ing motion, precipitated -himself on to the drawn sword, and fell on to the grounda corpec. .,This wae unexpected. There were hurried words, and a trampling of fait, and a deep Eilence, but Mime. Ardlkff remembered little. The imprecations the elder brother hurled after ltars she was driven away sounded dim andiodistict in her cars during the long daya of delirium which followed this double tragedy, for on arriving homo she -saw her husband moho out the order for VYaca'e traneportation to the mercury mince. . She pleaded and prayed wildly, but the count only smiled grimly in reply to her hycterical eupplications. It seemed to her that the heaven should fall to crush, that the earth should open to receive, so inhuman a monster. She raised her hnnds, leb screamed madly, her thoughts danced before her, faded and then there was a blank; and dnring several weeks, for her, Time stood still. Slowly her senses returned to her; dim through a mist, through a heevy torpor, that held her powerless and inert-they returned to her, and with them came the ghlastly remembrance of a terrible crime. The subjeot was .never alluded to, T'le affair wasee huhed up ; but time eculd neither blot nor tear this cruel page cut of Mime Ardloff's life. Her only consolation was the certitude that no pain was in etore for her greeter tllhan she capeictccd, when, years after, in a ball-room at St. l'tersburg, Count ,'nca, an old man with long white hair, and a life's serrow on his fees, said to her: " ?Madame, I hope you children are very well." 