TOWN EDITION THE LATE MONSIGNOR FITZPATRICK, V.G. OBSEQUIES AT THE CATHEDRAL. SELDOM have so many of the clergy and laity assembled in any church in Australia at obsequies of a lamented priest as were on Thursday present at the requiem services celebrated in St. Patrick's Cathedral for the repose of the soul of the Right Rev. Dr. Fitzpatrick, whose death occurred on Tuesday morning. From all parts of the colony, and even from New South Wales, priests who were acquainted with the sterling worth of the deceased flocked in numbers to offer, in unison with their brethren of the archdiocese, prayers for the repose of his soul. How well beloved he was by the laity to whom he was known was shown by the vast numbers of mourners who filled the Cathedral. A Jew of them remembered the arrival of the young priest in the colony many years ago, and though now old and feeble they came— Borne of them—a considerable distance to assist at the funeral obsequies of him who was to them a friend as well as a faithful guide during his life. At half-past nine the muffled bells of the Cathedral slowly rang, and longbefore ten the vast building was filled with a congregation on whose faces was manifested the sorrow they felt for their beloved Vicar- General. The altar was divested of all ornaments, and draped in black and purple, and in the nave of the church the coffin, on which were the missal, stole, chalice, and the doctor's cap, was placed on a catafalque draped in sable and purple, the latter colour indicating the deceased priest's high ecclesiastical rank. The Most Rev. the Archbishop of Melbourne presided, and in the sanctuary were the Right Rev. Dr. Moore (Bishop of Ballarat), and the Right Rev. Dr. Moran (Bishop of Dunedin, N.Z.). There were over one hundred clergymen present, but the only names we succeeded in obtaining were the following:—Right Rev. Monsignor Hoyne, D.D., V.G. (Ballarat), Very Rev. Dean Donaghy (St. Patrick's), Venerable Dr. Slattery (Geelong), Very Rev. M. Farrelly, V.F. (Kilmore), Very Rev. Dr. Dunne (Albury), Very Rev. Dean O'Driscoll (South Melbourne), Very Rev. J. L. Hegarty (St. Kilda), Very Rev. Dean O'Hea (Coburg), Very Rev. P. Walsh (Williamstown), Very Rev. Fr. F. Murphy, S.J., Very Rev. Fr. Ryan, S.J., Rev. Fr. Nulty, S.J., Frs. Watson, S.J., Buckeridge, S.J., Cahill, S.J., Carroll, S.J., H. Daly, S.J., Dietel, S.J., Hughes, S.J., O'Flynn, S.J., Very Rev. Prior Butler, O.C.C.,Rev.Fr. Greaven.O.C.C., Very Rev. Prior Vaughan, C.SS.R., Very Rev. Fr. Farrell, C.SS.R., Very Rev. Fr. Hanley, C.M., Very Rev. Fr. Reffe, C.SS.Sp. (president Holy Ghost College, Ballarat),Revs. P. J. Aylward (West Melbourne), J. Barry (Daylesford), R. S. Benson (St. Patrick's), P. Boyle (St. Kilda), T. Brazil (Geelong), G. Byrne (West Melbourne), M. Carey (Elsternwick), J. Carroll (West Melbourne), R. Collins (Clifton Hill), R. Collins (Castlemaine), J. Cusack (West Melbourne), J. Daly (Kyneton), T. Fahey (Clifton Hill), P. Fallon (South Melbourne), J. Fitzgerald (South Yarra), J. J. Gallivan (Gisborne), W. Ganley (St. Kilda), M. Gough (Daylesford), W. Hartnett (South Melbourne), M. Hayes (Coburg), T. Healy (St. Patrick's), J. L. Heffernan (St. Francis'), D. Horan (Bacchus Marsh), Dr. Kelly (Carlton), G. Luby (Brunswick), T. Lynch (Lilydale), J. Manly (St. Francis'), D. Murphy (Gordons), F. M'Carter (North Fitzroy), M. M'Kenna (North Fitzroy), D. Nelan (Essendon), D. Nelan (Northcote), J. O'Brien (Dandenong), H. O'Callaghan (Oakleigh), D. O'Callaghan (Heidelberg), M. Quinn (Woodend), W. H. Quirk (St. Kilda West), G. Robin- son (Williamstown), M. Ryan (Kyneton), C. Sheahan (Collingwood), M. Meade (Creswick), E. J. Madden (Kerang), J. Stephens (St. Patrick's). The cantors during the office were the Very Rev. Prior Butler, O.C.C., and the Rev. P. J. Aylward. Mass was celebrated by the Right Rev. Dr. Moore, Archdeacon Slattery, of Geelong, being assistant priest, with the Rev. M. Carey and the Rev. J. Stephens as deacon and sub-deacon, Dean Donaghy acting as master of ceremonies. The assistants at the throne were the Right Rev. Monsignor Hoyne, V.G. (Ballarat), and the Very Rev. Dr. Dunne (Albury). After Mass the Archbishop addressed a few impressive words to those present, giving a brief history of the life of the deceased ecclesiastic, who for upwards of 53 years had laboured in the sanctuary. The Catholics of Melbourne owed much to Dr. Fitzpatrick, for to him they were indebted for the splendid cathedral in which they were assembled. He concluded by of the soul of the deceased, for, though blameless as was his life, he had to appear before a God of infinite purity and justice. The congregation then kneeling down, his Grace implored the Divine Mercy for the soul of the late Vicar-General. The absolution was then pronounced, after which the coffin was borne out of the church. The funeral procession was headed by the acolytes, with crossbearer, followed by the priests in cassock, surplice, and birretta. The Archbishop and BiBhops came next in order, and tnen the coffin, borne on the shoulders of eight members of the congregation. The general public followed, and as the procession moved down the nave of J? 6 Mr. Charles Sykes played the "Dead March in Saul" on the organ, the great bell of the Cathedral solemnly tolling the while. The funeral cortege made a circuit of the Cathedral grounds by way of Gisborne, Grey, Lansdowne, and Albert streets to the mortuary chapel at the northern end of the Cathedral, where a vault had been prepared. The obsequies at the grave were read by his Grace, after which the remains of Dr. Fitzpatrick were lowered into a vault beside that of his oldest friend, the late Archbishop, and within the shadow of that magnificent fane the erection of which was the great object of his life. The pall-bearers during the funeral were the Right Rev. Monsignor Hoyne, V.G.; Rev. Dr. Dunne, V.G.; Rev. Prior Vaughan, C.SS.R.; Rev. Dean O'Hea, Rev. M. Farrelly, V.F.; Rev. F. Murphy, S.J.; Rev. T. Cahill, S.J.; and the Rev. M. Hayes. The funeral arrangements were in the hands of Mr. J. Daly. During the day large numbers of persons visited the chapel to pay a last tribute of respect to the deceased. The floor of the vault containing the remains consists of a single Castlemaine flag, and is 7 feet from the floor line of the chapel. The coffin is encased in a soldered or hermetically sealed lead casing, which is covered by a polished oak shell with heavy brass mountings, and bearing the following inscription:—" John Fitzpatrick, D.D., V.G., died 21st January, 1890." The coffin rests on the Castlemaine flag, and on each side of it there is a wall of charcoal 8 inches thick, with a covering of the same material 12 inches deep. The sides of the vault are built up in 14-inch brickwork. Over the 12-inch charcoal covering is a solid slab of sawn bluestone, above which is a bed of lime concrete about 3 feet in depth, between which and the permanent line of flooring there is a depth of over 18 inches of cement concrete. 