A FREE MARKET The literal meaning of the word "Fair," in its commercial sense, is a "free market." In otler words, a "fair" means a market at which all and eery may ourcbltse or not without being subjected to fee or tax, and also where all and every can sellwt out any such disabilities as attach to ordinary markets. At one time the fairs in England were great features in the socia and industrial life of the people; but, since the establishment of railways, and the quicker ino commnniaaon whichhas resulted, these fairs have pretty welldied out, amatterperhaps for regret, in some respects, but inevitable under the.ehanged condition of the national life. Here in Australia fairs are unknown, indeed verylittle of the old fashioned methods obtain In thesefastgo- a-headcolonies. Life is not so slow and lethargic as in Europe, and business is done with a movement and force to which, even in this day, few provincial folk in the .old country are accustomed. This, however, is a necessity, following upon our freer and more prosperous condition, as well as the awakened energies and intelligence of the last half century. Life, too, though longer in its average than oun worthy forefathers enjoyed, is still too short for slow or cumbrous methods; and the art now is sought in all directions to doas much in an hour as 100 years ago was accomplished in a week. Tns, however, is not a matter to marves If we ire at higher pressure, we obtain higher rewards than the old folk conld possibly earn. The average earning capacity, and therefore of expenditure, is a hundred fold greater, and is more equally distributed than'in those "good old days" which sentimentalists are continually regretting-people, bytheway, who are of similar sapless constitution to that olf Lrd ?anners who wrote: " Let science, learning, arts and commerce die, But give us back our ownnobility." People nowadays have money to spend, and as edne tion and a higher intelligence have taught them howto spend it wisely, we findgreat establishments, such as FoP and Gibson's, of Smith street, Collingwood, springing into existence, whose purpose it is to supply to a well-to-do population, the comforts, the necessaries, the elegancies and refinements of home ife. Here we pause to make a correection. We have said that fairs are unknown in Australia. We are wrong. At this present moment, the firm we have mentioned, Messrs. Foy and Gibson, are conducting a gigantic Fair, and to use a graphic, though perhaps somewhat vulgar, expression, "it is a sight to do sore eyes good." Any theatrical manager who may happen past Messrs. aoyand Gibson's great shops durmq the day must, indeed, have a large and generous mind if he forbear from a sirh of envy as he notes the throng and press of people into and out of those places. All moved by the one impulte-an eager desire to avail themselves of the advantages offered by Foy and Gibson to purchasers during their great Fair. To the benevolent mind it must give pleasure to reflect that at least 90 per cent. of these crowds are rendered happier by their attendance at this Fair. The young wife who has become possessed of one of those elegant mantles, of which such numbers of surpassing beauty and grace are exhibited, will have a sweeter temper and more contented spirit than has hitherto ruled her. The matron who has secured one of those splendid Brussels carpets at 4s. d. per yard will feel a greater pride than ever in her home. The country gentleman who has par chased his suites of furniture for the home o which be shall presently conduct his bride, is filled with a sense of importance and responsibility, to which hitherto, during his shiftltesalovealybachelor days, he has been an utter stranger. In a word, it is, impossible for a reflecting observer to look on at the ceaseles influx and out-flux of visitors to this show to be insensible to the circumstance that these fairs serve a higher purpose than perhaps ever entered into the calcula tions of the originators themselves. Wedo not sup pose that Messrs. Foy and Gibson, when contempltat ing the establishment of these fairs, took into ree-: koning the philanthropic aspect of the matter. But as a rule moral good follows upon all honourable men terprise, and Messrs. Foy and Gibson when they reckon their profits, may, if they please, add to them the important, though intangible balance of an m creased popular contentment. There is another lessontolearn fromthee fairs, and that is, that in the hands of rapable men, no affairs. however intricate or complicated, are beyond the influence of method. The rules by which this great establishment is governed, are evenas the laws of the JMedes and Persians. A fixed system- result of long experience-and large business ex perience, controls every detail of the busi ness, so that matters go on like machinery, and to our mind, with much of the throb and pulse ofthe steam engine.. Some idea may be formed by those who have never visited Foy and Gibson's premises of their size when we inform them that, the frontage extends Vrft. to Smith street, and that there is a depth to Little Oxford street of 200ft. The gres show rooms, f11'P with the costliest of feminine raiment are enormous apartments. We wonder if ghosts of departed belles assemble heeo o' nights and, amidst dainty silks and velvets, and lacees,and other bewildering matters, taste again some alight flavour of the delights which once moved them in the flesh. We do not believe in ghosts, but, as we have Mr Shakespeare' authority that there are more things in heaves and earth than are dreamt of in our p.ilosophly, itmaybeon the cardsthatghosts of d~ pertel fair ones do revisit these scenes of first delights and mingle in spiritual sympathy with the substantial throng at Foy and Gibaon's Pairs, People-ladies in partieular-who want a new sensation, ought to spend an hour or two at Foy an. '. Gibhso'sFair; and if they, havin done so do not experience a sensation as of one who has beheld anew revelation, all wa can ay is that they must be aer.; blas and played out. For such people there In b .l> one resonrce-patent-meditoines.--rtnvrr 