LOOKING BACKWARD. ' ? .** ? ]!v Edward Bellamy. ' Certainly he can,' replied Dr. Leete. ' Not only is a man always sure of a fair hear ing and redress in ease of actual oppression, but if his relations with his foreman or chief are unpleasant he can secure a transfer on ap plication. Under your system a man could iV.decd leave work if he did not like his em ployer, but ho left his means of support at the same time. One of our workmen, however, who finds himself disagreeably situated is not obliged to risk his means of subsistence to find fair play. The efficiency of industry requires the strictest discipline in the army of labor, but the claim of the workmen to just and con siderate treatment is backed by the whole power of the nation. The officer commands and. the private obeys, but no ofllccr is so high that he would' dare display an overbearing manner towards a workman of the lowest order. As for churlishness or rudeness by any official of any sort, in his relations to the public,, not one among minor offences is more sure of a prompt 'penalty than this. Not only justice but civility is enforced by our judges in all sorts of intercourse. No value of service is accepted as a sot off to boorish or oiTensivo manners.' It occurred to me as Dr. Leelc was speak ing that in all his talk I heard much of the nation and nothing of the state governments. Had the organization of the nation as an in dustrial unit done away with the states ? I asked. ' ' . ' . ? : ' . ?' '.'' ' Necessarily,' he replied- 'The state gov ernment would have interfered with the con trol and discipline of the industrial ?army, which, of. course, required to be central and uniform. Even if the state governments had not become iuconvenicnt ..for other reasons, they were rendered superfluous -by -the pro digious simplification in the task of govern ment since your day. . Almost the sole func tion of the administration now is that of directing the , industries of '.' the country. Most of,' the purposes for which 'governments formerly existed no' longer remain to be subserved. We ' hare no army or navy, ii nd no military organization. We have no departments 'of 'state, or treasury, no excise or rcveiuc services,' no taxes or tax col lectors. The only function proper of 'Govern ment, as known to yon,: which still remains, is the judiciary and police .system.' I have al ready explained to you : how' simple is bur judicial '.'system as compared' with; your huge and complex machine.' Of coursc.the same absence 'of. crime ami: temptation,., to it 'which makes the duties: of jiidges so light reduces the number and duties of the police to a minimum.'' .' But with ho state '..legislatures', /and '?Con- gress. '.'meeting only once ;in five years, how do ; you get your legislation done ?'.'. . , . ' 'We, have iio legislation,' rcplicil ' J-r.V Leete,— -' that is, next to none. .., It is .'rarely1 that Congress, even wlien it meets, considers any new laws of -consequence, -and then it only has power to commend thciii. to the. following Congress, lest anything be done hastily. If. you 'will. consider a moment,, Mr. West, you will see that we have nothing to luako laws, about.' The fundamental principles on ..winch, our society is founded settle for ail time the. strifes and , misunderstandings' which, in yqh'r day,' called for legislation. . ; ,, ,..; '.! Fully ninety-nine liun.dredtlis of thelaws. of. that time/concerned tlio definition., and pro-, te'etion of private property and the relations of _ buyers said sellers. There . is neither private property,' beyond personal belongings, now, nor buying and selling, 'find therefore, the ?occasion of nearly all. the legislation 'formerly-; necessary has passed away. .-Formerly, .society, was a lwramid noised bnitSfriuex.' All the gravita tions of hmiinii- imture. wore .constantly tending to topple it over; and it : could be maintained upright, or rather iipwrong (if; j-ou, will pardon the feeble witticism), by; an elaborate system of constantly renewed props and buttresses of guy-, ropes in the form of laws. A cent nil Congress and forty state legislatures . turning ;6iit some twenty thousand laws a y^ar, could not make new props .';f ast enough to take the place of those which were constantly breaking flown or becoming ineffectual through some shifting of the strain. Now. Society '.rests on its.base, and is in as. little need of artificial supports, as the everlasting hills.'. ... ...,,; , -;,.;!'':,?? ??.,-?,:'. ' But you have at least .nmnicipal: govern ments besides the one central authority,? ''.; ; ' Certainly, nnd^tliey lvuvc, important., nnd extensive functions .in looking, out- for, the public comfort and recreation; and the, improve-; nient and embellishment. ;pf., tlio ;yillages, and cities.' ? ... ,;.;,.,..-;... ?-. ?.., -,;\; ,'j 'But havings no control over the, lab(uir of their people, or means of hiring.it, how. can they do anything ?' ., - - .;? . , ! ... : 'Every town ; or. city is conceded' the right to retain, for its own public works, a certain, proportion of the quota of labour its citizens contribute to; the illation. , This, pvoportion, being assigned, it : as so niuch credit,: can be applied in any way desired.' ; , ; . . That afternoon Edith casually inquired if I had yet , revisited the underground chamber in the garden in which I had been : found. : 'Not yet,', I replied. 'To be frank, I have shrunk thus far. from doing so, lest the visit might revive old associations rather too strongly for my mental .equilibrium.' , ,;.,.. ;..,;: :. - ?'?Ah, yes,' she said, ' -I, can imagine that; you have done well to stop away. .1. ought to have thought of that.' -,--, ? ;,. ???; ? '.'??? 'No,' I said, .',1 am glad you -spoke of it. The danger, if there was. any; existed only dur ing, the first-day or two. Thanks to you, chiefly and always, 1 feel my footing now so firm in this new world, . that it you :will go with, me to keep the ghosts off, I should really like to visit the place this afternoon.' ;; . Edith deiimrred at first, but finding that I was in earnest, consented to. accompany inc. The rampart of earth thrown up from the ex cavation was visible among the trees from the house, and iv few steps brought us to the spot. All remained as it was at the point when work was interrupted by the discovery of the tenant of the chamber, save that the door had beou : opened and the slab from the roof replaced. Descending the sloping sides of the excavation, we went in at tlio door and stood within the dimly lighted roum. Everything was just as 1 had beheld it on that evening one hundred and thirteen years previous, just before closing my eyes for that long sleep. I stood for some time looking about me. I saw that my companion was furtively [regarding me with an expression of awed and sympathetic curiosity. ,1 put out my hand to her and she placed hers in it, the soft fingers responding with a reassuring pressure to my clasp. Finally she whispered, ' Had we not better go out now ? You must not try yourself too far. Oh, how strange it must be to you ?' 'On the contrarary,' I replied, .' it- does not seem strange ; that is the strangest part Of it.' ?'-,-: 'Not strange?' she echoed. ' Even so,' I replied. '.' The emotions with which you cvideutly credit me, uud which I anticipated would attend this visit, I simply do not feel. I realize all that these surroundings suggest, but without the agitation I expected. You can't be nearly as much surprised at this as I am myself. Ever since that terrible morning when you came to my help, I have tried to avoid thinking of my former life, just us I have avoided coining here, for fear of the agitating effects. I am for all the world like a man who has permitted an injured limb to lie motionless under the impression that it is exquisitely sensitive, and on trying so move it finds that it is paralyzed.' ' Do you mean your memory is gone '?' ' Not a( all. 1 remember everything con nected with my former life, but with a total lack of keen sensation. I remember it for clear ness as if it had been but a day since then, but my feelings about what I remember are as faint as if to my consciousness, as well as in fact, a hundred years had intervened. Perhaps it is possible to explain this, too. The effect of change in surroundings is like that of lapse of time in making the past seem remote. When I first, woke from that trance, my former life appeared as yesterday, but now, since I have learned to know niy new surrounding, and to realize the prodigious changes that have trans formed the world, I no longer find it hard, but very easy, to realize that I have slept a century. Can you conceive of such a thing as living a hundred years in four days ? It really seems to me that I have done just that, and that it is this experience which has given so remote and unreal an appearance to my former life. Can you see how such a thing might be.? ' ' I can conceive it,', replied Edith medi tatively,' and I 'think we ought all to be thankful that it is so, for it will save you much suffering, I am sure.' ?'Imagine,' I said, in an effort to explain, as much to myself as to . lier, the strangeness' of my mental condition, 'that a nian first heard of a brreavement many, many years, half a lifetime perhaps, after the event occurred. I fancy his feeling would be perhaps something asinine is. When I think of 'my friends in the world of that former day, and the sorrow toey must have felt for me, it is with a pensive pity, 'rather than keen anguish, as of a sorrow long, long ago ended.' 'You have told us nothing yet of ypur friends,' said Edith. -'Had you many to mourn you?' ''''-. ' 1 ' Thank God, I had very few. relatives, none nearer than cousins,' I replied. 'But there was One; not a relative, but dearer to, nietiian any kin of blood. She had your naiiie. She was to have been my wife soon. Ah me !' .': '? Ah me !' sighed Edith by my side. 'Tliihk of the heartache she must have liad.' Something in the deep feeliiig oi this geiitle girl touched a chord in my benuiiibered heart. My eyes, before so dry, Svere flooded witli 'the tears that had till now refused to come. When I had regained liiy composure1, I saw that she too ' Jitid been weeping freely. ! 'God bless j'our tender heart,' I; said.. 'Would you like to sce.hcrpicturc?' 'A small locket with Edith Bartlett's picture, secured about niy neck'with a gold -chain1,' had lain upon my breast all through that long sleep,' and removing this1 1: opened and gave it to my. companion. She took it; with eagerness, and after poring long over the sweet face, touched the picture with her lips. (To be continued.) 