emenmm iiifVjn i rntiwm ft mmmmrn M— ton Story Column- THE Old Red-Urick House. In Foto inbtaiaisaras. BY AJ.1V. Antinr of " Society's Vcriliot." ' Honour's For tune," " My AInrrluqc." v- Poor Little ' Kitty," &c.; all OHMS ELAND BI3BTB MSBBV8D.1 foubth frtstalnsnt. Old Mr. Hilliers was dying. Struck down by paralysis, he was carried up stairs to bis -death -bed. Captain Hilliers was telegraphed for ; but the old man was dead before his nephew arrived. Tho captain was now master of mlhors Court ; but ho loathed tho place and de termined never to live there — it reminded him too much, of Hera — so he gave direc tions to his -solicitors to let or sell the house ns soen as possible. " Nora dear," caid Colonel Despard one afternoon, "will you take my letters to the post ? It is a fine day, and tho walk will do you good ; you stay too much in the house, my child." So 3Com put on her hat, and went slowly down the street to post tho letters. As she was coming out of tho post-office, a -shadow darkened the doorway, and, looking up, the girl found herself stand ing face to face with Prank Hilliers. The lnectiug was awkward and un pleasant for both of them. Por one brief moment their eyes met ; then the young soldier started back in sudden surprise, his face flushing, his eyes wide open with astonishment. "You here!" exclaimed almost in- voluntarily, taken thoroughly aback by this sudden and unexpected meeting, and gazing in astonishment at Mora's pale face and quivering lips. She was striving to be cold and calm, yet feeling how utterly impossible it was to be so in his presence. She had known he was at Hilliers Court, and had thought it possible they might meet ; but, when she stood before him, all her stored- np courage and fortitude gave way, and she could not conceal her agitation. Captain Hilliers, who had thought of Nora as Jack Hamilton's wife in India, was so surprised at her unexpected ap pearance that, instead of boing severo und indifferent, he stared at her us if she were a ghost. Por a was the first to recover her self- possession, and walked calmly past him and out of the door without a word. In her trepidation, however, she luid dropped a glove, and, picking it up, ho hurried after her, and soon overtook her. There wero tears on her eyelashes now, and sho started nervously when lie addressed her in the old familial- tone she knew so well. " This is your glove — you dropped it in the post-office." Por a took tlie glove and thanked him almost inimdibly, turning uway her t'uco, ashamed that he should sec her tears. He lingered for a moment looking at her, feeling very bitterly how much ho had lost. "Good-bye, " he murmured hoarsely. Tho girl hold out her hand, and ho took it in his, fixing his eyes earnestly upon her face. She was in liis power now. Should he say something bitter and reproachful — make lier feci at least a pung of regret for what sho had dono '? >To ; Frank Hilliers might bo hot-tempered, but he could not ho mean or ungenerous. Tho sight of her pale, patient face, with the tearful eyes und trembling lips, touched his heart, and the stem angry expression died out of his eyes. If she had appeared to bo happy, ho could have found it in his heart to be angry with her; hut, when she raised her eyes to his for a moment, ho only pressed the hand lie hold, and said gently : "Heaven bless you, Nora! t could never say a hard word to you ; I love you too well for that, though perhaps you don't think so." There was more feel ing in his voice that he meant to display ; and, dropping her hand abrnptly, he added, " You have soon eoine back from India?" "From India? IVhat do you menu?" Captain llilliei-s looked at her with tin air of bewilderment. "I suppose I wii3 mistaken," he said ; " hut I saw your names in Hie newspaper, and thought you had gono." " No," replied Nora ; " I lmvo not left home since " Her cheeks flushed hotly and she bit her lip, angry with her self for making such n stupid blunder. " Since when ?" he asked, thinking she referred to her wedding. "Since Nelly's marriage," answerod Nora quickly. ' ' f suppose you heard she married J Jr. Hamilton and went to India with him ? " Tho captain stopped aud grasped hor arm, tho truth seeming to flush iuto his mind nil at once. "Oh, Nora, what a fool I have been ! I thought you married him ! " If lier life had been at stake, Nora could not havo prevented a littio gleam of amusement from coming into her eyes ; for tho expression on Captain Hilliors's face was ludicrous. The corners of her mouth twitched with a smile ; and then she suddenly burst into tears ; whilo ho stood dumbfounded, but feeling us if a heavy weight had been lifted off his heart. "Oh, Frank ! " alio exclaimed. "Oh, Nora!" he ejaculated. "Aud so wo have been wretched all this timo for nothing !" They had now left tho village, and were walking down tho quiet river path in tho shade of the trec-s. A very few words of explanation served to set everything right, and tho garno of cross purposes was at an end for ever. When it was all over, they looked in each ether's faco and laughed — thoy were so happy now, they eould afford to be omuEC-d at their h de misery. B ut Cuptoin Hilliers was angry with himself still. " And I made you so unhappy !" he said, looking tenderly into the face he had not expected to see again. " Nora, X wonder you can forgive me !" "I ought to have told you who Jack was," sho answered softly. "Frank, we 'tewero both to blame; but we will never Jcecp anything from each other again." "And, for the future, I Will never trust th'j evidence of my own 'oyes !" de- \- clnrcd. -Frank. "I was certain it was you whv> was at the boll that night with that fellow Hamilton. But how tRB I to know that your sister was a duplicate of yourself, and that you would be dressed exactly alike, Nora ? What a rage I was in?" " I should have known yea anywhere, Frank." " Say what you please, Nora. I de serve it all, ancl moro— only always re member 1 didn't see your sistor's face. If sho had locked up the mistake would never have been made." "Papahtis been so angry with you," whispered Nora. "But it will bo all right now." The setting sun of the calm spring evening was shining brightly on tho old red-brick house ns they reached it, walk ing slowly, lovers once more. "Go in to papa yoursslf, Frank," pleaded Nora. The captnin remonstrated, but sue escaped to h»r own room in a state of happy excitement, and did not come down till the explanation was over. When she at length mado her appear ance, Colonel Despard looked delighted, and was talking to Captain Hilliers as if nothing had over happened to disturb their friendship. Blushing aud smiling, she went up to her father, who took hor hand und said with feeling— "Frank, although she is my own child, I will say that you would not have found many girls to care for you through all this misunderstanding as sho has. Not a word against you has ever passed hor lips, and she would not let me malign you either. And now Heaven bless von both !" And so peaec and happiness woro re stored once more to the old red-brick house- Captain Hilliers changed his mind about selling Hilliers Court, and engaged an array of painters and uphol sterers, nnd had the liouso redecorated and refurnished for the reception of its new mistress. It was a peaceful warm evening, and tho two lovers were walking once more up and down tlie old garden, talking of many things, in the happiness of tho present, the past few months of misery aud es trangement were almost forgotten, or remembered only to make the joy of reconciliation still sweeter. "If Nelly were only home now, how nice it would be ! " said Nora. " Would Hamilton leavo the army if he could get anything to do at home?" asked Frank, after a few moments' thought. "I owe tho fellow a gruilgo for being the cause of my making sueli a fool of myself ; so I mustliuvo my revenge. Would he liko to he agent to tho Hilliers Court estate, do you think ? " " Oh, Frank ! " exclaimed Nora glee fully. " Don't say, ' Oh, Frank ! ' That is no answer. 1 shall want an agent. My unclo used to give his man £500 a year ; so, if Hamilton likes the post, there it is if ho wiii take it — and there is very littio to do." Nora pressed his arm fondly ; slic know the kind heart that dictated the act, she knew how ho had tried in every way to muko up for tho pain he hail unwittingly cuused her, and slic felt as if her happi ness was almost too great for her to hear. "My wild Irish rose is liko herself again !" ho said, smiling. " Darling, I always reproach myself for those pale cheeks you had when I met you at tho post office. You have forgiven me ; but I have not forgiven myself yet." Nora's cheeks were bright enough now. His tone was so full of lovo und tender ness ! Her ideal wus ti true hero after nil, and there was not u cloud now on the horizon of their future. Nora was filling sheet lifter sheet of foreign notepaper, which sho was going to send to Nolly. Frank was sitting beside lier, watching her pen travelling swiftly over the paper. " And, Nora," said Colonel Despard, " I have been thinking this house will he n great deal too large for me und little Daisy ; so tell Nelly slio must make this her home, and sho and Jack will havo to tuko care of mo in my old ago. " Oh, papa, how delightful ! lYo shall all be together again !" Frank, who had been reading what Nora had -written, now burst out laugh ing. "Mrs. Hamilton will he rather mystified," ho said. " Listen, Colonel ! ' Frank thought you wore me, and that I liad marrricd Jack, and ' " " Stop — you musn't !" interposed Nora, laughing, and trying to rescue hor letter. " Oh, yes, I must though ! It is just liko the last chapter in a novel — every one turns out to be somebody else. I only hopo wo shall keep to what we are now." "And, like a novel," chimed in the colonel, " it all comes right in tho end." 