•rHE RABBIT BILL. Tbe^^w^S is the re P ort of th ® dfebatfe on ihe-sabbit Bill which was introdnced last week *ub a view of its being passed through in one .•''sitting:'— The first five tlausee were agreed to without alteration., Clause 6, ' Minister to be .responsible Ibr pub> lie lands." .. I . . . •• Mr E: B. Wilkinson itioved the omisiioD from tbe lines and 30 of the Words " in reSpect of tny rabbit-proof fence upon, near or for the betiefit'of such holding." The amendment was agreed tcf aim the tlallse hs amended passed. Clauses 7 to ii were agreed td. ; Clausfe "Notification of-infegtea district. Amendment! were made providing that rabbitinfested districts should be declared by proclamation by the Governor in the Gdzettt after 30 flays previous notice had been given in tbe same publication and in some local paper: The clause as amended was agreed td. Clause 13—" Rabbit-proof fences:" Mr Plumb moved to reduce the maximum inesh from l|in. to liin., but after considerable discussion the amendment was negatived. Mr Greene moved an. amendment providing that the tence sbould be either the wire netting Or suth other fence as the local land board might determine. , Tbia was agreed to. Ttfr Lakeman moved that the detBiU of the iencine sbeuld be determined by the local land boards' instead of by regulations }o be made under the Act: .Mr Lyne pointed out thet the iiaSe was met by Mr Greene's amendment. _ . ,1'he amendment was negatived On division by si voteg to 5. The clause as aniended was agreed to: Clause 14-—" Rabbit-proof fence to be fin improvement: Mr Lyne questioned very much the wisdom t>( making rabbit-proof fencing ah improvement fentitling tbe pastoral lessees in the central division: Mr Clhanter moved as an amendment to insert dfter the word " afc'ts " in line 42 the following tvords" No such improvements shall be taken into consideration as having auy value or effect in regard to any application for an extension of lease in the central division of tbe colony.'! " Mr Gormly denounced this feature of the disuse. He was prepared to resist it as long as tbe forms of the House would permit: Mr Willis thoiight tbe clause as applied to the 6entral division was a dangerous oue. Mr Cullen pointed out that tbe clause merely gave tbe CrOwn tenant the privilege of reckoning his improvement" made by way of rahbitproof fencing ia doe same way as he would other improvements. If a man chose to invest his inoney in tbiB fencing be should bave the Same advantages as be would if he expended it in fithet improvements: (Hear; hear.) Mr Alison agreed with Mr Cfullen. Mr A'Betikett thought that if„tbe amendment ivere Agreed to the beneficial effects of tbe bill ^ould be destroyed: Mr dollins had been tonref-te'd by the argtiin^nts of Mr CUlled. Mr firiinke'r thoiight the clause a capital iiietbod of overcoming many difficulties. It would girtf tbe pastoral lessees no greater Claim for an extension of tenure than they had already. This tlatise simply applied to infested districts. After further discussion, Mr Brunker expressed his willingness to with* draw the first portion of the clati^e, stating that a rabbit-prtiof f^nce Shall be a permanent improvement within tbe meaning and fof all the purposes of the Crown Lands Acts: He moved aceordingty. Mr Chanter tfas opposed to the clause as a tthole, and was desiroiis of having it withdrawn: He tfas trilling to have his amendment withdrawn in order that he might have the rest of the tlause omitted. Mr Brunker's amendment was agreed to: Mr Chanter tiloved the omission of tbe reinaiader of the clause. \ „ Tbe amendment was negatived on division by £§ votes to il. Consequent anieiidmedts were made in the Other Subsectib'ns: Mr Lakenidti tHiived as a new Sub-Section a long provision giving powfer, td the holder Of any freehold estate; tioiiditianai, purchase or occupation license the rii;ht ttf a loan from the Minister to Cover Or contribute to the cost Of erecting rabbitproof fencing already fiteefced on certain prescribed fcbnditi0n8. The Chairman rtile'd that the amendment could hot be feceived as it was ndt covered by the ihesSage redoinmending the necessary appropriations Uiider the bill; . Mr IiakeihiU ttib'ved td report the point to the fipeakeh On it division the tnbtiin was negatived by S3 iotes to 13: . Mr Liakemdii deplored the act of the OoverUnient iil not having allowed the matter to go to the \ \ vpeakfe'r, to be decided. It was unprecedented! \ He would ndw just as soon see the bill dropped: \ The tlaiise as amended Was then agreed to, 'vlaiise IS—"Notice of intentiott to fence." ^' auSe bad been discussed dt consider: »W8*ength several members sugeeated fit beint 6 * adjournment for brealfast: nrl a , , n Said that the Government had yet M get tntW^h the additional estimates: the suppletoentwyeStkates and aloan bUl: fastes K ^ J Were ^ n Lfconceru^ S J " , ttey V the could 8u PPlemeritary go through in esfci- one MrM'MilUi lf the Merriment did not get through thw business Jhat^ht and its Apprbpriafcon Bdl On the foUowing it would be impossible td cldse the session until after Christmas It had been decided by the Govemtmmt wjtj1 tllg filnidst Uiianimotis consent of the Bouse that a oreat fefibrf Should. be made to close the session belme Christmas. The Libvfrisr House could conclade its business on Friday and the Upper House would pfdbably meet on Saturday morning and then the prorogation could take plsde On Monday, if this bill tfss not got through by breakfast then it ^ould be impossible to deal .with it: Mr Chanter : Then there's not a ghost Of a shbft Cf its being dealt with: Mr M'Miliatl thought that that bfeiUg 80 it would be better to'mote the Chairman Out of the chair. Heat, hear:") . Mr Dibbs agreed with the suggestion; Several other members opposed it; Mr Melville then (at 6:10 a;m.) left the dhflit far K tiUartef Of an hoar: yd teaUming, J Mr Qtutaiet iire&d; azl adjocriiiiieni for a lew amirs la tifd^t tkaf 4tt« bill be Itkther goq. Mr. Brunker reminded the hon. member that the bill had been before the country for some months. Mr Chanter proceeded to discuss the clause: Mr Inglis took exception to the hoii. member wandering and meandering over the Act in the moBt trivial manner: Mr Chanter referred in uncomplimentary terms to Mr Inglis' ability. The Chairman urged hon. members to cease recrimination. Mr Brunker pointed out that if the district represented by the hon; member (Mr Chanter) was not affected by rabbits other districts were materially so. If the hon. member continued in his present opposition the bill would be. lost. He urged that a division be come to on the clause. Mr Chanter continued in opposition to the clause; Mr Brnnker said that it now appeared to him that the hon; member was dealing with the bill with tbe deliberate intention of obstructing it: The Chairman said that the hon: member must not charge another hon: member with obstruction: Mr Brunker withdrew the expression, but he must say that the hon; member was treating the matter in a very trivial mariner, and in a very selfish spirit: If the hon. member went on in this way he would throw the whole responsibility of defeating the measure, which was a very important one so far as the country generally was concerned, upon the hon. member: Mr Chanter denied that he had been obstructing the bill, but he might say that he proposed to debate the measure clause by olauae, and he was willing td take the responsibility of tbe reault of that action. Mr McMillan: Oh; the bill is lost; it dosen't matter now. Mr Chanter moved to amend the clause by omitting the wordsj " occupation license or annual lease;" The amendment was negatived on division by 14 votes to 3. The clause was then agreed to on division by 25 votes to 3: Clause 16. '* Notice of intention to bring occupation license or annual lease within a group:" Mr Chanter argued at length against the clause, which., however was a^ieed to. Clause 17. " Groups of holdings." Mr Chanter moved to omit the word adopted " in line 21 of sub-section VIII. and insert " rabbit proof." Mr Brunker pointed out that the amendment was an absurdity: Mr Chanter didn't care. He knew it was foolish ("Oh; obi") But Mr Greene had placed it ou the notice paper, and as he had not moved it he (Mr Chanter) would. (" Oh; oh:") An Hon: Member : A gross waste of time. (Hear, hear.) The amendment was negatived by 25 votes to 2. Mr Brunker moved to insert a new subsection providing that a group of holdings might be'sub divided by the board where the holders of half the group were agreeable: The amendment was agreed to and the clause as amended passed. Clauses 18 and 19 were agreed to. Clause 20. " Contribution towards the cost and maintenance of rabbit-poof fence:" Mr Waddell moved as an amendment a sub itruihinn providing that the holder-of any land should not have to pay for boundary fence until he bad made use of it; The amendme'Ut was negatived by vote tb 5. Mr Alison moved also aS an amendment an additional subsection that on the application of the holder Of a resumed afea the land board might on sufficient cause being shown; and subject to appeal, exempt the owner from a contribution or might reduce the contribution below one-half the cost. The amendment was negatived by 22 votes to 8 and the clause as amended was agreed to. Clauses 21 to S5 were agreed to. Clause 26—" Duty of occupiers and ortners to destroy rabbits;" Mr Alison urged that it would be impossible for an owner to destroy all rabbits. It should be provided that it should be the holders' duty to use all lawful and reasonable means: Mr Brunker pointed out that clause 28 provided that the peualty for default should apply only, when tbe occupier or owner failed to fully and continuo'usly perform the duty to' the best of his means and ability. After discussion the clause vpaa agreed to. Some consequential amendments were made in clause 27; Oo the motion Of Mr Lyde it was agreed to omit words in clause 28 relating to proof o7 existence of rabbits and of owner's default. Clauses 29 to 31 were agreed to: Clause 32 was amended by making the maximum penalty for killing a natural enemy of tbe rabbit £20. Clauses 33 and 34 were agreed to; Clause 35 was amended by making the maximum term of imprisonment for impersonating ail inspector six months instead of twelve; The remaining clauses were then agreed to and the preamble passed. The bill was reported with ameddtpents and the report adopted; Delegates' E&pehsSs.;—At the last tneeting Of tbe Kogarab Council (says the Sydney Telegraph) tbe Wellington Council requested that co operation be granted against the movement that is on foot against the payment of exr penses to Country delegates to the Municipal Association Confe rence. The letter stated that as members of Parliament and volunteers were allowed to travel free the aldermen attending the: conference sbould be granted some little concession, and that it was thought that a bill sbould be passed tbtougb Parliament for this object: The Mayor stated that the Wellington Council had misunderstood tbe matter: His council could not withdraw even if it So desired. The council contributed L5 5s per annum and fet tbe country delegates wanted a larger sum than this back in railway fares: He knew that a large number of tbe country delegates came to town when tbe annual session was on to transact tbeir private business Tbejr pat tbeir bead inside the door when the association was in session aud immediately left: The Municipal association bad flatly refused tbe Council assistance in testing in the 1 court several cases of interest to municipal councils generally but told them they must attend to tbeir own business themselves. Tne association bad L1200 or £1300 invested Somehow or other. Alderman Halstead was uuder the impression that the association did nothing but waste time; He coni «dered tbeir last report > disgraceful production. Alderman Lacej> was of the opinion that if the Wellington ratepayers desired to be represented at the municipal conference tbe^ should defray ™« r delegates' expenses; The Council as a bpdy had no power to vdte funds for the purpose. He moved that a reply be sent to the effect that this council is opposed to the principle of the Municipal Association paying the railway fares to country members and to suggest that the question should be made a test one for tbe Wellington ratepayers tti Vote Upon: this rtafi agrees id; 