Can a Mother Forget? A GHOST STORY, STARTLING IF TRUE. Blackwood publishes a story which, if true, will attract deservedly very wide spread attention. It is very beautifully told, and in outline is as follows : — In one of the poorest and most over crowded parts of poor and overcrowded London one bitter night early in February there sat, in a barely furnished sitting- room, a young priest with an elder priest, who looked weary beyond words. As they sat the door-bell rang, and the door Avas gently opened by a tall lady, dressed in black. She Avas exceedingly fair to see, beautiful in feature and carriage beyond most Avomen ; but there was an an inex- pressib.e charm far beyond eA-en that — a dignity of manner add appearance sucli as Father Warren had never seen before. Ad\rancing toAvards him, she said in a Ioav, clear, and most melodious Amice, " Forgive me, dear Father, for disturbing you so late, and on such a night ; but no other could fulfil so well the mission which' I ask you to undertake. Will you come Avith me to bring comfort and happiness to a departing and erring soul ? And Avill you bring the Holy Sacrament with you, that, having confessed and been absoi\red, he may go hence in peace ?" " Dear lady," answered Father Warren, " I have not eaten since the morning. My clothes are wet through, and 1 am very weary. Another priest of God more Avorthy than I shall go Avith you." "Nay," she said, looking wistfully at him, " 1 pray you go Avith me yourself, for to you I Avas sent, and the time is very short. , I beseech you to come Avith me and make no delay. By the love of the Blessed Mother for her Son, by the love of that Son for all His erring children, 1 implore you come Avith me, and come quickly." She pleaded so earnestly and tenderly that he hastily put on a cloak and left the house with her. At last she stopped, and, knocking firmly and decidedly at the door of a house, she turned round to the priest and said, "I have shown you the place and told you of the sore need of one Avho lives there. I can do no more, anil must go, now." She turned rapidly away, and Avas quickly out of sight. The door was opened by a stout, comfortable, respectable servant who seemed rather astonished at his appearance. " I have been summoned to a dying bed," he said. " Pray take me at once to the room." The Avoman looked perplexed, and ansAvered : " There ain't no dying beds here nor hasn't been this long time. But you had better come in ami expiain it to the young master." So saying siie led the way into a most comfortable room, where Avas seated alone a young man, evidently Avaiting for his dinner, preparations for Avliich Avere on the table before him. The father could not withstand the geuial greeting, and sitting doAvn, told the young man how he came tliere. His host Avas grieved and concerned at the useless fatigue and exposure he had gone through, and said : " 1 fear you have in your ready self-sacrifiue, given Avay too easily to some charitable tady, more zealous than judicious, Avho in h m desire to do much, has, to-night at least, done too much, and made a mistake in an address Avhich we can neither of us now rectify." " But 1 shall not let you go out again till you are thoroughly Avarin and fed," said the young man. Soon they Avere together as though they Avere old friends. They seemed draAvn towards each other in some mysterious Avay, and their hearts were opened, and they spoke as neither had done ior years. " I once belonged to your church," said the lad iu ratlici sad, regretful tones ; " but I belong to 110 church now. Since my dear mother died, nothing seems of real interest, and 1 feel that if she Avere indeed living iu any state she Avould find some Avay to communicate Avith me, for Heaven itself could bring no joy to her if I Avere shut outside. 1 Avant happiness, I Avant uiy ' mother, I Avant my old full life back again. It cannot be true that she is J mug auy- Avhere, in any condition, and has forgotten her only child, her boy, her companion, and her friend. My father died suddenly of lyjart disease before 1 Avas born, and my mother and I Avere all in all to each other ; we had not a thought apart. No ! she is dead indeed ! Gone for ever !" "Come hack, come back," said the priest, " to the faith and the church Avhich made your mother what she Avas— Avhat she is." I know not Avliat further wort Is he used, nor dare I venture to describe the feelings of the youth as he listened ; but, after a while, his better nature conquered entirely, and kneeling before the priest, he cried, " Receive me back again, I pray you, and bless me, even me also, O my Father !" To this Father Warren assented, and passed into the adjoining room, leaving the young man alone. In the library he saw the picture of the lady avIio had brought him there. While he Avas still standing looking, his new friend entered, and said quickly, " You are looking at the portrait of my mother. It is very like her. Is she not beautiful ? Can you not feel now Iioav I must miss her SAveet company eA-ery hour of the day ? Is it not strange that I feel nearer her to night than I have ever done since she died and left me alone ? . Indee:!, I feel now as if she were not r.aliy dead — as if avc must meet again. Will you receive mv confession now, Father, and give me absolution before I sleep, and then 1. think I shall fool as if the black wall between us has been broken down for ever." " Willingly my son," answered the priest. Into that solemn interview and subse quent conversation it is not for us to intrude, but it Avas very late before they parted for the night, and it Avas arranged that they should meet again at the 7 o'clock service in tfie Mission-room chapel the folloAving morning. Imagine then the disappointment of Fa; her Warren Avhen the service began and ended, and his young friend did not appear. He Avas very sad. He Avent to the house. The door was. quickly opened by the same servant as the eArening before. But, oh ! Iioav changed in her appearance. In a \mice broken by sobs she said, "He is dead. He is gone. Passed away in the night in his sleep ; no sound ; no cry. The best master that ever lived. He told my , husband to call him very early, and Avhen he went to do so he found him lying calm and quiet, anl like a marble image." Father Warren passed by her sjlently into the room ; and there, indeed, he found him lying calm and quiet, anil aerv peaceful, but with such a look of bright happiness on his beautiful young face as - showed plainly that he had felt neither solitude nor fear Avhen the Angel of IQqatli eamu to fetch him away, " Who can doubt that it-\vas his iuo. her Avho came for me last night said the priest- to himself ; " for can a mother ever forget, e\ren in Heaven, the child of her 1oac on earth ?" 