T W I K S E C R E T S . A Story of the Imagination. Br David DAlston. HE doctor was not the sort of man to give offence intentionally Even in private life be was much more nsed to healing than inflicting them; and, though he might occasionally have to open a bad place in a neighbour's le«r, be made it a rule never to probe the heart. Too generous to everybody, he was far from just to himself, and amongst his scattered patients on the banks of the Darling, he hod raised the reputation of being nobody's enemv except his own. HaJ " Dr. " Martin '" '" lived ' " in England, • lie would have been to this day boveiug between the surgeries of more fortunate practitioners, and the poorhouse of some provincial town. He had qualifications, both natural and academical; he had also the bold head and grey beard that no examining board is empowered-to confer, and yet which, young doctors who have not tell you are in themselves a fortune to medical men. But unluckily, as a kind of set-off. he bad also a laige red nope and a pair af blood-shot eyes, He was what might lie called a bi-prodnct of the profession. Under no circumstance at home would he have been more than what is known as a " sixpenny doctor." Decent people would have closed the doore of their sick rooms in his face. None but the poor would bare swallowed his medicine. Yet he did well enough for the Australian bush, His remedieswere drastic, bat his heart was kind, and the "boss cockies" themselves were as glad of bis company at all times as they were of his advice in time of need. Kow Edward Winters, the new manager of the ' branch bank at Warrona. having just come to. the n-ighbourliood, nud being unaware of the place held in the estimation of most people by bis fellow lodger at the Grapes, saw oalv before bim, as he sat on the verandah liiat afternoon, the blood -shot eyes that ttcrsisbvl in watering, the dirty hand with tbe still .dirtier caff that was raised to brash the significant teais away, and tbe beer-stallied waistcoat that rose and fell in apoplectic waves. And when the old tmui began to talk he made him understand as plainly be could withont being absolutely rude, that his advances were uncalled for. Dr. Martin, however, bad met young fellows f.-jn England before, sod tie knew, or ht that he^new, both bow to'measure them tip and bow to take 1them down. Yet there was mmrtiing he rather liked about young Winters. " He has. at least, the appearance of a gentleman," thought he, "and maybe be don't know whom lam j besides, it will be desperate dull for him with no one bat the parson and the schoolmaster and this boor of a publican to talk to." An English newspaper , m» lying on the verandah. It had come by the mail that day, and the new bank managfer having read it through daring office hours, had carried it tohishotel and thrown it down beside him, where, half-an-hour before, he had fallen lazilyinto his chair. ".With your permission, ^Sir, said the Doctor, returning in the best of humour to a charge which most men would have abandoned in disgust- The young man pushed the paper over with his foot. Dr. Martin stooped to pick it up and then fumbled for his spectacles. But the sun was setting aift it was already too dusk for the Ueaiy old eyes to read anything but the heading of the articles and the name of the paper itself. " I know the place well," he said. "Dear me! Yes. Mosseaton in Hampshire. I once," replied Win-. ten deliberately. _ "Von had? Had you now? Friends in the loveliest village in the world, and youreelf in an up-countrr town in Australia! Old Dives might say he'd friends in heaven, I sometimes think of the little church there, and if it wasn't for professional reasons, and the sake of the boys out here, who don't get a good Bkoll every day, though mine & a little battered, I almost think I should crawl home to banquet the worms of Mosseaton. Tbe church gates were never closed against a corpse of mine, Sir, and I've no reason to believe that they would be now. How were the elm-trees getting on when you left home ? I calculated that in tny time half of 'em had been struck by lightaing that was meant for the parsonage. He was a boisterous old man —that rector. But he's quite now—gone to the' meet' across the river. A happy hunting ground, no doubt, but a comical sortof'field.' Think of-a soulet jacket, a velvet cap with a peak, and a pairof winss. Still, it's a lovely spot, and many a man I've sent to rest there. Have a drink, sir—do!" Most men thaw a little under the warmth of old associations, especially when the as- sociations are in a manner picturesque, and they arc alone in the bush. But. outwardly, Mr. Winters showed no disposition to relent Till- most he did was. for the first time sincc they had met. to appear interested ill the doctor's conversation. Indeed, if the old practitioner could have felt his pulse at eli&t; moment, be might have discovered that he was really more interested that he cared to show. He declined the drink, however, and sat with an air of moderate indifference whilst the doctor shouted a coupleof whiskies, as he said,•* for the good of the house," and then drank them both fur his own good. •* 1 was saying that I'd put many a poor devil to test in that quiet churchyard." lie continued. " They should be grateful. Perhaps they'll thank me when we meet—all, excepting the last cade, and I Won't be SO certain about his gratitude. I attended that man for fiveyears, and. would you believe it, he died cursing me. The worst man, sir, I ever knew in my lite, and, lor! I've seen some pretty bail ones. He had a lovely wife. ton. much younger than himself, or if she wasn't she looked it; aud 1 always say it's not what a woman's age really is that matters. but what she looks. She was the belle of the country, and -there wasn't a young squire for miles round but would have married ter without asking a question. They never did live happily together, though. Fur months at a tide he refused to look at her. and when she did gain bis bedside, and. with tears in her eyes, begged to be forgiven if she had done wrong, and pleuJed that it wa- only a natural sffcction —1 dont know what—he beat her off, and charged her with tnrniug him out bis home for tic sake of bringing up another man's child there. The fullow was mad, of course, but I always though tthere was something in y that, for the bestuf us have our moments weakness, and the worst —I Count myself amongst'em—have our periods of suspicion." Winters yawned, but the doctor went on, -.Oue young and queenly, remember, with troops of admirers, and the other old and lean, without a single friend in'the world, You cant wonder at a woman, can you ? and Lady Winters was—was but a woman," be was about to say, when the young bank manager rose from his chair with a cry of horror. •• For heaven's sake stop," he shrieked, "d you knew to whom you are speaking! That woman was anaxgeL She was my mother." " Vour mother! Impossible! Vouhaven't* a feature like her—like either of them, in fact." -1 don't remember my father. Von ought to know that if you attended him as long as yon say you did." '•No, no, of coarse not," said the dactor, musing. And he, too, ruse from his chair and paced the bnjxul verandah. Edward Winters was not what is called an emotional man. He had allowed his companion to rambleon iu the course of conversation all through his native village without once interrupting him, until in the mental ^"t'l"" that comes out of successive glasses of whisky the old babbler had unwittingly set his foot down on a tender memory. At fiist, he was doll from indifference ; now was stupefied with astonishment. There had been heavy rains in Queensland, and the river was running " a banker." The greater part ef the afternoon he had been watching it rush madly towards the ocean, idly speculating on the number of sovereigns a minnte be would have to throw oat of the window to make the loss to bis employers equal the loss to the country from 6uch a waste of water. The scene had changed since then. Ashe stood now with bis h'Mfl to bis head.gazing blankly at the stream, it was no longer flowing westward. It was rushing with stupendous j—- speed — • » back - upon — - its source, back "—«- towards the Queensland border, back to the Darling Downs, higher and yet hizber up the banks, over the adjacent paddocks, into the maiu streets, floodingthe bouses and rumbling in bis ears. The stream of the young man's life hail changod its course. At- the touch of a hidden spring the flood gates of memory bad been opened, and a resistless current was now forcing itself back upon him from the great ocean of thepast. Often bad be gazed upon it then flowingplacidly on. Only an hour ago had he traced it from the rivulet upon one of whose boulders -be was standing, and whose every turning be could well define, to the broad flood with ragged banks, and the bazy ocean beyond, It had not appeared a very dark stream then, Patches of shade had contrasted with bands of brightness, and on the whole the effect had been rather pleasing. How different now, as it thundered back upon him its pitch black waves, and stre«d the shores with skeletons, some of which he bad* never dreamed of, and others that he had known and loved to^ook upon in life. Out of the general wreck, one face gazed beseechingly upon him; ooe pair of glassy eyes looked more toll of lore, and less wild and staring than the rest—his mother's, He could bear it no longer. Bushing away from the doctor, who was stammering ontaa unheeded apology, he pushed through a crowd of idler* in the bar to the staircase that led to his bedroom. Tbe door would not fasten, for the lock was broken, so he rammed a chair against it, and then flung himself on the bed, and groaned and sighed alternatdy. For a long time be made no attempt to grasp the situation. He was only cooscious of au inward pain, and yet so undefined that be ooald hardly tell whether it bdoog«A most nearly to the region oftbe body or tbe minrL^It:Jfoctissei itself rinhis (heart—not the heart that the clergy apeak of as being capable of moral developments, bat in the fleshly heart, the organ that beats beneath die ribs of Hie left breast, and is subject to diseases coming within the range of the pharmacopaea. He pressed his hand ngy'n** it, and tossed from side to side like some winged creature brought down from a height, and stunned by the fall as well as wounded by the arrow. It is a happy arrangement for poor humanity that pain has a deadening effect upon its victims, and that even the seed of an agony must often die before it can be quickencd into mortal growth. After a white he roseand paced the room with his hands deep down in his breeches' pockets. He flung open the window, and gazed out. The atmosphere within was stifling; without, the lurid twilight of the interior was deepening into a mysterious gloom. Perhaps you have watched the son set over those western plains, and been dazzled and bewildered by the finered dint that, risingabout that time, impregnates the air with a peculiar radiance, and imparts to the mind a feeling of strange repression, almost amounting to spiritual suffocation. assumes a brick-like heaviness and hue,i trees might be fashioned out of red clay, and the dariaening sky is steeped in a sombre glow as unlike the sunset colours of any other land —excepting, perhaps, portions of the African bush—as the herbage of the back-blocks is nnlike the meadow swards of England. Vie warm tones of the landscape harmonised with Winters' mind. He gazed at it for sometime with his hands still in his pockets; then, folding his arsis, he laid them on the window ledge, and, putting his head and shoulders as far out as he could, began to turn over in his brain, his red-hot brain, as with the prongs of a pitchfork, the phan torn that broiled and fizzledwithin. At first it was quite in vain that he chased the whiring thoughts. They dodged him like a crows of imps. He made a lunge at one jtHlly to hook another, and when dragging the intruder off the entire army of fiends would round upon him in a solid phalanx. He might retreat and leave Them. He had not sought die battle. They had assailed him unawares. Bot that would be cowardly, and besides to little purpose, becausc they would be sure to follow him. No, he must face those phantoms manfully. The dinner liell recalled bim frooi his reverie. At that moment the siplit of food . would hare turned liitu sick. He took au old slouched hat from the boturin of his travelling trunk. a thick walking stick from one corner of the room, his pipe li-oiu a stand in knottier, and when tile rest of the guests hail gathered round the tablu, sneaked downstairs ami nut into the darkness. Oil Iam|>s twinkled iu the quiet streets ; a few horses, tethered by their reins to posts outside the grog shanties, neiched aud pawed the ground iin|>aticntly: there were very few people about, and the moon had not yet risen. This was. perhaps, fortunate, for a bank manager rushing out of the township after dark, wit h his hat pulled over his face, and au uneasy roll in his walk, u* say nothing of the hurried glances he cast from side to side, would have looked at least suspicions. Following the main street to tlie end of the township be turned abruptly round by the fence of a butcher's |iaddock. ami darted swiftly into the bush in an opixmile direction to the river, for its gurgling waters aggravated him and lie wanted to get away from it. The bush whs silent enough. An occasional lizard started from the grass, and here and there the footfall of sliecp upon the <lcarl leaves and rotten twigs varied the monotony of his own quick steps, but tliat was all. The trees lu the district were taller and of mure substantial growth than we see in most parts of (lie country, for the scenery along the river banks alternates between low, flatstretches, covered with nothing hut herbage, and forests of considerable maguitude. where venerable gums, festooned with length of pink mistletoe at times, suggest the grey pillars of an ancient cathedral decorate"i for some great festival. It must have been at least an hour sinoe of be passed the last house on the outskirts the township and he was still walking hard. He had since said that he knows «.f nothing that would liave stopped liira but sheer fatigue, or the billaboug. too wide and deep to cross except by a risky plunge, which at length stretched out liefore bim. The moon had risen, ami as he came up uncxpectingly to the water's ed^e, it poured a broad shaft of light down through a rift in the foliage upon the cold, still surface. He was certainly brought to a standstill now. There was a o fallen tree beside him. He half-leaned half-sat upon its enormous trunk, and. mopping the perspiration off his forehead, begata to re-adjust the wayward thoughts which the exertion of the long walk had drilled into something approaching discipline. Whatconld the st.ranee old doctor have meant.' Why had the fates decreed that be should meet, in the black-blocks of Australia, a man who appeared to know more of his family history than he knew himself. What a fool he had been to bring the musty old country newspaper home with hiin. The very mischief was in the affair from beginning toOld. How dared the old ruffian say what he did ; and why didn't he shoot him on the spot for his insolence ? That was one way of looking at the matter. For the moment he felt almost inclined to pass it off with a little cheap heroism, and after a good he supper and a good nteht's rest to offer the alternative of an ample apology or a horsewhip to the offender. Sir Wilfred Winters was a memory and nothing more as far as he was concerned. He had lelt home mysteriously when Edward was a child—had been somehow associated with drawn blinds and crape hat-bands a few years afterwards —and neither in the meanwhile, nor in fact at any time, had he been a topic of conversation between mother and son. The servants had spoken of him seldom and then always disrepectfully. Nobody hail thought it worth while to implant a single seutimeut , 0f tenderness for the old man in the heart of the child. There was evidently a screw loo4(. somewhere. Probably the doctor was right. He had been a bad man likely enough, aud it was just as well that he had not been taught to worship the image which was at length to be so ruthlessly hurled into the mud. This was all true-; but the txain of thought which brought the recollection WHS but a momentary recoil of the spring that had for the last three hours been pressing the life out of his very soul. The horrors of the situation soon burst with fresh force npon him. At all hazards he would believe inthe perfect eaintlinessof that lorely woman. Her memory, at luabt, was a tender one. It was his gospel—the corner-stone of his belief iu goodness anywhere. No; though an angel from heaven were to whisper a suspicion of her parity, his faith would remain uushaken. His mother was above the suspicion even of archangels. Then how dare bis father disown bim ; bow dare he charge bis wife before a stranger. The thing was preposterous. Why, the man must be mad! The word bad scarcely escaped his lips, for Edward was muttering aloud, then the blood coatand with lenewed foroe through his veins. Mad! Of course he was mad. Hadn't the doctor said su! For the moment he could scarcely remember whether he had or not, for he bail listened with indifference to the old man's couvmaiioo until bit family name bad bee& so unfortunately dragged into it B*- tides, ooe horrible aupteun had ttottad oat every other consideration, and it was only with a mental .«flfjtt flatte at length i»- medmdir|ai UK'(M Mi^!«>|« tbt .^Imaxtif tiie'al^ •epaan^'trm \- jncollected them «IL' " Uhe 'doctnr.MH taid dMoctly that Ms JaOna- imA * IWfcy- ' had be not tbooght of it before? Why bad \- fta folks at bore eonspind to Inqp bim In fg.^j^^. ffc. iiiin'r^lwmniJIlT fill lifen]gteBtaiir'to(9«eatfa**eti<w wstcfcai for the want of simple fact like that. He knew that his father had died away from borne, and that for several yean before his name had not been so much as mentioned there. As for himself—be was so young when last he saw bim thatit was with the ntmost difficulty that he recalled a vague impression of the old man's face. Evidently he had been confined in a lunatic asylum, and at last bad died there. An nnbappy ending, doubtless, to an eccentric an unloveable life! Yes; Sir Wilfred Winters had died a madman—there could be no gainsaying that. Edward felt a sensation of relief; almost a thrill of joy. The charges against his mother fell worthless to the ground. Then he remembered distinctly an incident in childhood that had hardly come into his mind since its occurrence, but which having been dragged from the depths with the leviathan's book, now rushed into bis recollect and confirmed the conclusion that his father must really have been insane. He was out walking with his mother one afternoon, and after wandering a long distance from home they bad sat down to rest on a green embankment overhung with liawthorne. A carriage and pair of horses turned sharply into the lane. Apparently it was going to pass them. His mother watched it with the utmost interest, not to say anxiety. As the vehicle approached, she grasped the hand of her child and drew him closer to her. When it came within a hundred yards she seized him bodily, buying his head in her shawl and rocking bim nervously to and fro. He beard the wheel go by, through the folds of the garment he sniffed the dust, and from the carriage itself he heard the noise of coarse voices flungdiscordantly npon the air, find his mother's name " Emily Winters" repeated time after time and accompanied by jeers and boisterous laughter. When the noise died away, and he was liberated from his imprisonment, he bad looked into his mother's face. It was stained with tears, and wrinkles had spread themselves like an ugly cobweb on her usually placid brow. Until now the incident had remained a mystery. . But it was a mystery no longer. The carriage was the vehicle in which the patients from a neighbouring asylum were taken out for ''airings." and his father most have been one of the hideous picnic party on thai particular afternoon. In itself not by anv mcans a pleasant recollcctiun, but by comparison almost cheering. Edward heaved another sigh of reliefand sprang to bis feet with the iutentionof walking back as fast as his legs would carry liirn. ludocd, he lad already moved a tew paces ..ff, when struck by soma new phase of the questiou hu staggered back to his fallen tree, and held a (.ale aud puzzled faca up to the raoonlishc. His one anxiety had bacu to justify his mother. He had felt that at all hazards he iuusi reasonout his beiiel in the purity of that fair spirit. And he hail done so. but at what an awful sacrifice ! If Mir Wilfred Winters was a mailman and lie was iu reality Sir Wilfiud Winter's bou. theu he. Edward Winters, was, perhaps, mad too, or at the very least an iucipieiij lunatic. '1 be reflection was horrifying. He looked for a solution into the recessesof the forest, for help iutu the faces of the sbeep. Kut oue was dark, like his own fate, involved iu mystery, and the olbcr blank—blank as despair; and be cast his eyes hopelessly ufiou the ground. " Kverv man lias bis hours of dark and bitter trial". Edward, vour time has come," a voice hissed in his car. "Admit one treacherous thought, entreat it hospitably, banquet it upon your mother's memory, aud all shall be well. Cast that thought hence, keep her entroned in your heart and she wiil lire, but you will die—die iu a madhouse ! The choice is your own. Are you prepared " I am, even for so great a sacrifice," he said, slowly and with terrible emphasis. His lips were ashy pale, his legs trembled beneath bim, big drops of cold sweat stood on his forehead. He knelt beside the fallen tree, and thought an earnest prayer. Then with an expression of tearful resignation,like a man who in the cause of love and duty had |iartcd with something dear, he rose and staggered homewards. of It was late when Edward awoke next uiornitt£. lie was a sound sleeeper ar auy time, and the cares of the previous day. involving lio mere transitory anuoyMice, but a succession of grave alarms aa<i a culminating idr* of portended death, had tortured his nerves :o lhe point of excessive weariness, and when far into the ni^bi he returned to bis hotel, he fell almost l;iinting into bed. Whatever may lie the case with old people, who are generally satisfied uith less sleep, a young man has only to lake a weight of , trouble iqto his mind and to roll it round an round intthe same orbit for a given number of hours and he will soon grow tired aud fall fast asleep from sheer fatigue. But the firs gleam of sunshine will bring the tye&rfjyj; tack. Ed ward was conscious of the semi-physical pun he bad experienced on the previous day even before he was sufficiently awake to reflect upon the circumstances that had given rise to it. Another moment and the arrows of memory, poiBoned at his heart's blood, were quivering in his mind again. Poor fellow! The night's rest bad only refreshed him with a keener perception of the reality of the dangers around him. He might review the evidence more calmly now; he might renew his determinatiou ia spite of •very consequence to believe in the spotless holiness of that mother who had so loag since gone to her eternal rest; but do what he would he could see no way out of the final conclusion to which a judicial scrutiny of the facts inevitably pointed. One thing was certain. He must deal plainlv with the doctor. The old man would p'rohablv be sober then, and perhaps wise enough to see the dilemma in which he had placed him. Not that be thought for a moment his infor mant could dear the horizon by added light. That was evidently oat of the question. The most that could possibly come of an interview would be a mutual explanation, an ample apology, and a few bottles of physic— perhaps gratuitous advice as long as he was in need of it. Edward had quite made np his mind that poisoned blood was flowing through his veins, and though at that moment, with the sunshine streaming in through the window, and tbe fresh -moniuK breeze fanning hie half-naked limbs, to say nothing of the restorative effect! of a good night's sleep, he s felt as sane as ever he haddone in his life, Still he had no doubt' whatever that sooner or later vicious symptoms of some kind would begin to manifest themselves, and that ultimately he would follow Sir Wilfred to a mad-house. A terrible thought to go to one's bath with! An idea that did not materially aaist in the buttoning of liis collar uor in the fastening of his necktie. Bat he dressed as usual, and walked into the brtakfast room with as little concern as he could well display. Most of the boarders had already breakfasted; a swarm of flieswas feeding on ••hat sugar remained in a cracked and dirty basin ; a tail greyhound was mouth a bone on the floor,and a pair of smaller dogs were distributing all over the room the fatty portion of a half- eaten mutton chop. A solitary stranger was in th* apartmnnt, and he was oglin^a coupla of girls who bad fat *i4Jsn np to a store ou the apposite aide of the read. Edward rang tbe bell. " Is Dr. Vartin np yet r he asbd. . " He left by this morning's coach. Mr. Winter's," tbe waitress zrpUe£ \- Wbaa does he ntaml BotneOme todayl" • . "t think not, for he aettled his acoount. sndaaid ha oould't -tell when be should be likely to Want bis room again." "Galled wway oa an urgent ~rr_ no doabt,"aaid the Straager. who had br tHs '-time transferred bis attention toWw.1^ ' tlMtiuimmi of writmasiut^lm he OtaMa. Am mutgent « u MB, caae, HQ no «»•«, doabt,' bo «mm. with a iiiiiliirf Tf« niir"irVi-*- ^TTShmTili lower jaw, indicative of supreme ,contempt for somebody. • Yes, sir, very likely." repliedthe sloven. " Bah 1 girl. Why don't you speak the truth. Women are the same all the world over. If they can serve their purpose with a lie they will. They love lying, and you go at it as if }-on were qualify! ng for socisty Von know very well that Dr. Martin didn't leave because they wanted bim anywhere else. He left because he couldn't stand bong awoke in the middle of the night by a drunken wretch falling over his boots in the passage, and then groaning frip^lf to sleep with at little thought for other people's dreams as he evidently had for his own." Thestrangerlookedsignificantly at Winters and the girl trudging out of the room, the latter returnedthe glance with a frown. " An urgent case, indeed 1" the fellow repeated with a sneer. "Look here, Mr. ion Winters, that sort of thing may go down very well in the township, you know, but it won't answer here. 1 know whe you are, and what's more to the point, 1 know who you are not. You are not the son of Sir Wilfred Winters, Knight, of Mosseaton, in the County of Hants. It wasn't for nothing that I arrived at the Grapes late yesterday afternoon, and walked on the verandah just as the doctor was rehearsing a titbit of family history. To be plain with bim, I may say that I didn't heari». all, but quite enough t satisfy me, an j 1 think, Mr. Knight, enough also to please your pretty Ethel " *' Ethel Hayburu! Are you ber cousin. Poor Ethel! I'm sorry for it." No doubt. It's a convenient relationsh you know. -A fellow's cousin may jilt lnm for the son of some gouty old knight just out from home ; but she's his cousin all Lhe same. The reserves are called out and the big guns brought into action, but it don't follow that the cables are always cut. Xo, Mr. Winters, believe me, communication's going on all the same." " 1 don't know what yon mean," replie Edward, with an air of indifference. For the moment 1 even forget your Christian name." " Eichard — Richard Hayburn, Lorn in Sydney, had the measles young, brought up to commerce; penniless two years ago, a balance at the banker's now, and a cousin pining to see me as I pass tijrough oa my way to Eugiand for an extended tour in— well, shall ue say in. the neighbourhood of Alosseatou." With that Hayburn ruse, and stickiug his thumbs in his waistcoat armholes, began to pace the floorin a lordly fashion, illustrative, no donbe of the nobility<»f average mankind aud the consequent worthlcssness of a blue- M<»od ancestry. He was a contractor himself, known amongst his inn " sat" as t lie " plun- ^ r." NobiKiy could be sure when they parte! with him one day whether the next they would run up agaiust hiiii wheeling a harrow or riding iu a brougham. Winter* went on with bis breakfast. He was really huugry. for he hail net touched I'ooil since liiucti time ou the previous day, andit wa6 now eleven o'clock in the uioruiii^. " Thank \ ou." he t&id; at length, as he left the table, " You've been uncommonly civil for a stranger. l'ie heard your cousin >|>eak of you. she cherishes lender recollections of your pleasautries, Mr. Hayburu. 1 shall sec her Lo-niorrow, have you a mestagc V Yes, but vou needn't „ trouble, " I'll ' 1, lirer " !">'«:», good-bye. Winters lefl lhe room - am] aud walked out of the house towards the bauk, telling the landlord, whom he passed in the street, that he was going to Sydney on the following ilay, aud would be away probably for the best part of a week. " Ve'll have oue agrayable th ravel ling companion anyhow, Mr. Winters," replied the wily Irishman, winking with both eyes, and jerking his thumb in the direction of die dining-room wiudow. I f you have travelled from the " far west " since the railway liue was opened, you may have been struck with the strange variety of style in carriages with which the traffic manager endeavours to meet the convenience of all manner of travellers; and perhaps you have thought that there must be some eccentric residents in those parts, considering the peculiar tastes for which be caters. Each train looks like a long list of samples, and the fairest thinv to conclude is that it has been driven over the plains for three years in search of a buyer, atul none having turned up is still on the market, and much the vrore f„r wear. Edward Wiututs pickinl the dirtiest and meanest carriage of all. His magnificent acquaintance, be was weli aware, would seek one with cushions ami a spittoon at all eveuts; and in that way he might count on freedom from annoyance for the first part of the journey at all events. d It's a good time for reflection when yon arc imprisoned within four narrow walls, it they are even the wallsqLa railway carriage t and the train is the plains at iiai thGCS^priKbLiMiM^vS^Re miles an hour From his corner in the dirty compart ment Edward sat wearily forcing fresh links in the chain of destiny that had so recently begnn to chink at his heels. Outwardly he maintained an appearance of moderate tranquility. In reality he was on the brink of despair. So earnestly indeed had he fought the doctor's suspicions, so bitterly did he mean to maintain the conflict, that not only was a belief inSir Wilfrid's madness essential to the position he had assumed, but he began to feelit no less a matter of duty than a matter of course to admit the certainty of a similar doom iu his own case. This was the spirit in which be raked amongst Lhe embers, dirty and charred and dry as they were, of the past twenty years of bis life, Wuuld a review of his conduct from childhood supply no evidence of mental aberration.' Were there in his composition no instances of hereditary eccentricityThe difficulty w$s to know exactly what was evidence and what was merely irrelevant coincidence. But he was going to be balked by no nice questions of that sort. There are times— when a man is very desperate—that he insists upon discovering the worst, and if the worst" is not bad enough, then at the bottom of his heart he feels dissatisfied. Edward Winters was in just such a humor. With the iugenuity of a criminal lawyer, he pressed the ease against himself. One fact after another, relating more or less closely t the question at issue, came to light; circumstances that had hitherto appeared absurd or trivial, clothed themselves in andreamed of significance. He lifted, and arranged tliem cautiously, aud then with trembling anxiety aigued each point in succession. After all though, his life had not been althgethcr wretched,it had been greviously haunted, and now. as he peered into the past, the ghosts came out of their caverns a'" 1 him with horrible jibes led him bad; to bis father's grave. Thus the case went bim and the traiu bowled on. 1 be S aunt > K re / lrees with °» e,r < J nt : stretched arms, and those that were clothed with their shroud otaolorless leaves marabou l««>t in a ghastly prtccssion. To avoid his companion of the day before, instead of get- "ug «J at * riUl rest uf 111 ^ 6 passengers for refreshments be fed aloue in his cage. He uioked —' there too at intervals, and before night came, to bis surprise, for be was a sober man, he discovered that he had emptied his v. hiakv flask. Hour after hour passed away. The saltbush country gave place to the forest,the plain began to break np iato low bills, the townships grew more important, cultivation paddocks surrounded the homesteads, and at length as tbe outlines began to fade and the red dust to rise once more into the air, lights appearing iu tbe scattered shanties and glaring fires outside tbe tents, be dowai off into an uneasy sleep. It was quite dark when he awoke, with a start, as the train shunted with a Jerk against some Cattle trucks waiting on a siding to be conveyed to \- the metropolis. Xo bis surprise he was no lunger alooe. Daring his nap a stranger had entered the rompsrfanant. He bad evidently ^ bafa> <* l«t «opplng plaoe, for he was still arranging bis luegage, and had not even disturbed the packages with which the opposite seat was strewn. They were almost in-Lhe dark, for the oil lamp which they shared with their next door neighbours was lets effectually distributing light than shade. Edward rose at oucc and removed the obstructions to his fellow traveller's comfort. The man thanked lum courtc- "Uily. aud having ensconced himself in a corner began to fill a huge pipe. "That's very provoldng." he said, after searching in every pockeL,•• I certainly had a box of matches." Without saying a word, Edu-ard passed half-a-dozen wax vestas between his linger »nd thumb. Afiain the stranger thanked him. and proceeded to light his pipe. The transient glow irradiated a bearded face with a pair of earnest eyes, and lips so tightly compressed at the corners that for the moment it was b&rd; to say whether or not it was a kindly face or merely one indicative of onusual firmness and self-possession. " 1 hope it's my only vice." said the stranger, puffing away with the relish of a man who had just survived a tobacco famine. "I suppose I couli) "ireit up if necessary, but why should 1•' Why should any man find a pleasure in whittling down the little comforts of life? It is said that it's easier to sacrifice one's o gr<>S than one's [tips, aud for my own part I believe it. Indeed, in my case I sometimes think that smoking's hereditarv." Hereditary'. The transuisssioo of personal characteristics was just then occupying Edward's mind to the exclusion of almost ip, everything else. His lips quivered. He looked steadfastly into the speaker's face and enquired with some anxiety, " Have vou studied the question.'" "No, not the question of an hereditary love for tobacco. It'sa mere surmise,though there ni:iy be something iu it. The Irish must surely inherit a likin; for potatoes." d The stranger Iauch.il, and struck another match to resuscitate his pipe. Edward suiiied faintly, and assuring himself this time that his companion hal a kindly face, replied. " You ix-lieve in the transmission of some peculiarities then—bow auout madness ?" " Undoubtedly I Ijelieve in the hereditary transmission ef madness." The young man winced; but it was too dark for anyone but himself to be aware of the fact. " Did you ever hear of an instance in which the child of a man suffering from acut2 and permanent derangement lived and died in his senses.'" " Certainly I have." replied tbe new-comer. " Inimy experience as a clergyman I've seen many such cases, although as a matter of faet I've generally observed a tendency towards mild eccentricity in most of them, and 1 shouldn't like>to vouch'for the next generation. Are you interested in the'study!" Edward Winters had no intention of proclaiming his fears to the world. He felt that he was treading on dangerous ground and merely replied that he had recently met with a casii in which a young man whose father had died in a madhouse, soon discovered hereditary symptoms in himself; and added, " Now, supjiosing that young fellow asked you for your daughter's hand, would you consent."' "If I was acquainted -with the circumstances I should certainly do my best to dissuade him* from marrying at all. It's a difficult question to answer. It wonld all depend' upon the symptoms: and after ait it's a matter for the doctors to decide. Is your friend engaged.'" This -was almost too much. Edward bit his lips, and hesitated. '-Perhaps I'm trespassing upon vour confidence," said tbe clergyman at length. " I o was quite unintentional, I assure you.' 1 " Don't apologise," .Edward replied. "Yes, I'm sorry to say that he is engaged." What do you think of his state of mind?" "Well, oddly enough, nobody doubts it but himself,- although to tellyon the truth the symptoms as he describes them do look rather bad. Throughout his life, at intervals he has suffered from acute morbidity. A change in the weather, a lack of congenial society, a slight disappointment, has always been sufficient to produce tbe most lamentable depression of spirits. Thai there were the fears of his childhood, fears of ghosts, fears of robbers, feais of heaven, fears of belL and one particularly significant dread— a fear of having committed what he called " tbe unpardonable sin." He wrote doggrel, too, indeed sometimes even now yon might see his verses in the poet's comer at a country newspaper. Not that that was bad in itself; lint in his father the passion for versifying was uncontrollable. Indeed it was a vary prononnsod phase of his dimentia; so that, to say tbe least, it's a most questionable heirloom." The clergyman listened attentively. " Is he a religions man, or at least a man inclined to respectablemorality f be asked at length. Edward shook his head gravely. "Ah! that involves still further grounds for apprehension," he answered at length frith a sigh. "For a while he was little better than a monomaniac, and be told me himself Oat in tbe end he gave up his religion, even gave up attending a place of worship from a honor of being.through a lack of mental ballast impelled to lengths of irredeemable extravagance in matters of devotion." " Your friend's case isa least aninterestiatg one, and I fear a sad one," replied the clerjjy man, bestowing what Edward considered an unnecessarily searching gaze upon him. A third passenger found his wav to the car and nothing more was said on the subject, though in the silence of that fair Australian night, as the train was standing with the signals aeainst it and the stars shining in through the open windows, you might have heard a low sob iu the corner of the dingy railway carriage, and perhaps even caught a sentence or two as it escaped the I in? of Edward Winters. "Oh ! Ethel, my Ethel, God bless youdarline." he murmered, "Little do you dream of the sorrow this day has in store for you. Butit must be done. I can save yon and I will." Ethel Hayburn walked np to the breakfast table that morning with the sweetest smile imaginable. "That's the tort of dish for which yon have a never failing appetite, mv dear," said her father as shf reached out her delicate hand for a letter that had been thrown npon her plate as a pleasant surprise by one of her brothers. She hail several brothers and two small sisters, for the Havburns were a large, and in one sense, a ^growing:" family. Ethel's mother was an invalid, and the care of the household had consequently devolved principally npon her eood management. She was her father's rieht hand, and soft and gentle as was her nature, no partner eould have shared the responsibilities of his business with better judgment or more marked success. He d id absolutely nothing without lier advice, and whetherit related to a hundred feet of city property or to a purchase of arrowroot, ahe cave it, "for what it was worth," she alwavs said, with as much feminine erace as though s'ne bad been passing an opinion upon the latest styles in opera cloaks. "Why don't Ethel read that letter, inquired her yoensrest sister. " Yon spoke as if it was something to eat. father, and I always eat lollies as soon as I get them." Even with your ham sandwiches at luncheon for instance, my darling," chimed in ber sister. The father looked up, and smiling, knowinglg replied. "Oh, Ethel's a woman you see, and women have a habit of separating the sweets of life from the savories. That's why some women take to the cloister, and others go into the churches to pray on week- days. Thereis something too sacred about a woman's highest "vs to share them with the world." "And men, what about their joys.'" asked Ethel. '"The majority of men are incapablsot joys quite so ei he rial," replied her father, buttering a mushroom that he was abont to swalloTr with a piece «f steak. "Their pleasures are for the most part pleasares of the world—of tb-j earth, earthy, raydear." "Or like Oousiu D:"ck's of the weed, weedy," she suggested naively. Charlie Hayburn, sight years olj, with bib and tucker on. laughed heartily, and, by way of emphasizing the joke, began to puff away at a crust of bread that he had already nibbled in the shape of one of cousins Dick's favourite meerchums. " Your cousin will be in tuvu during the week, proliably to-day," observed the father, when Ethel walked with ber arm through his to tbe gar.lon gate. " Now. lite a dear good girl, do your best to make pome reparation for the past. It is a crime to love a woman irho is p-rer and nobler than oneself ? You know he loved yon." As well as he could lore anything but himself." "And for my part I think it was iheonj}- t good thing he ever did in bis lif%£ " And you know, father, deSfchthat I would forgive him for everything*but that. Happiness would only have been possible under oue condition, and that wa* when he had dragged my life down to 1 tlie"level of his own." "You might have elevated Dick, my love." , This was too much for anything. The idea of elevating Kick! Fat, larj-. tobacco-scented Dick. "'You are really to humane, yon old dear," said Ethel, with a parting kits "Most fathers would liave kicked the fellow out of doors." When the servants had received their orders for the day, tbe young mistress might be seen strolling leisumy into the garden. She made straight for her old friend, the Morton Ray figtree. Its shade was pleasant that morning, for the sun was powerful and the sea breeze was late in springing up Her grandfather hadpLmted that tree tfcr«iquartersof a century ago. Her father when a boy had ornamented its stem with all manner of devises—mottoes, hearts, initials and so forth, "aurtKir brothers had added to the reportoire. It was likewise historic, of the exact height as certain ages—but the agesalwaSS are foijottoi—of three generatons of Haybums. . Ana it seemed to Ethel as thoQgh feefore long it might become the staadatd measure of a fourth generation er™- She drew the letter from ber pocket, and having thrown the envelope on the composed tusraelf to the task of reading it. Xht^ wete always moments of in moments spent over ofthoa m t f l i f c l ^ ^ ^ r ^ ^ t . JQ BWEetR ««£h line, «4» somehow added - nw» Jhaa binj^&larast; to thair valua. ••She nad half theIcttfr through, then paused tocouoi the <Uvs i* • •-".-•i.c *iien he had premiied to be iu town again." Testing them open at the end was Ufce draw- . lag iheootfc of aged vise she fansieJ. The epistle before her w»» the best slit had.«v«r Itad—adi successive one was always tbc fcest. but hor unsatisfactory after all, iiov far short of the joys of actual conversation/ 8he read half the letter through, then panaed to oonnt the days to chri stems, when lie bad promised to be In town again. At last it vu finished, and read again, and she waa still catting with it before her when tbe gate leading from a aide lane opened and she a low and faltering footstep on the gcap walk. It was not a familiar step. new remembered it before, (ml to eater by the side gale too, tbe gate that only k had been in the habit of using in the daytime. It approached to a junction, that of two paths and there for a moment paused. She listened. It moved ou, bat instead of t-Hif the road to the house door, it fallowed the path behind the slirubbery. Her heart beat quick. There was something strange, almost suspicious in that step. Whose oould it be. She listened again. It died awa.y.9 It must have passed on to the ucnlv planted flower be<li_ She will go straight to the gardener. As she rises, a hand falls gently on her shoulder and a voice—a EUjtogdy altered voice gaqps oat "My Ethel'." Another moment and die was quivering like a bird in Kd (card's arms. He is ghastly pale, and tcirs at standing in his larg-: brown eyes. . Slie U the tirst to speak <-»henently. V You arc- ill dear. That place is killing you." " ItV not the place my **"**T It 1 * the thought of roc that makes me pale.'' She only shook tier bead and para ante wonderincir than ever into bis face. " Oh Errk !" at length he best en -I am not tu* man I I w». I r i* itright to miRyyta. and I skV" "Why Edsard, whntdoyua •as?' sait said with a start. It only pin «w in fc ftiririTi—1 Better f.i-r»-t aD ibid it" " Bat I Lusis tende-L K Yon can't al of fasilr f-st«y. It fcv *J <S» my parentage." But 502 is Soe first of y-vir fuaSy to ffhr ac lie ae e . r . ... -- **Its not tlrat ^ad—imirilii^ finitely worse. I wooM ck&b; flap 1117 a n life on.* in ir><a cbss dee boffi vac t* bt all-en^l f.i^ cos wfrii flf^t [mm I— if lov-.- Tuis was more (has tae oasSi isralL She pat her Sii-U C3 ia bertat* safwepe Utterly—tbe first s^ caii. wc en his presence iwiriTr ta his arm* Kd«ar<£ sa£ seaaSt frerles. Aa'rfher trate opemwt—the bout istx tfca j/^ in tic it «tf a and heirr isa tint I rv. ! the ecarej besextfa it. TWcafaw came f dwarfs fate, and Esbei, ItuinhgtBt. Wiie.1 behind the Arabs wfcee tbe riaads define. Kor didsbe appear tj?^ nntii < \io--an Dick's portly form cad twice tratbe lawn.'an<i after nbjaiiiif itself 10 serious contortion'* is the presence of Edwar.i, had disappear**! f..r tbe rat of the dav. The 1 f r they were l^vwj still, repaired to tbe house. Bitter teats were stel in a hxlf^larkenei rooai. KUaes were wrens from a pale and silent form stretched belply upon the couch. Then the great hall opened slowly, and Kdrod reded to garden gate. . . . . ... had deemed it their duty to inter- Some of the storekeepers bad the propriety of removing ^ Z f t Z ™ ^ Others Hugh* tell yoa ivcthan fool, bathe knows in the weather affect him men, sttsmopiut tnehU He walks by bimselL and then only .^euonaUy complains of nervous twitehins i g P ^ S ^ O ^ ^ ^ J^ntry and particular aspec;sof tbe town girin itself "jars on hia he tello yoa. fie has difficulty too in ameenrtating his tiioughts upon the figures b«ore bim. AIL S ^ t ^ T ^ r ^ i ^ ^ " ,.| t. £ ^y » question of time," be said to himself one nnnsnally dondy day as he sat alone hi bedroom after leaving the bank, tl^ it" perfectly contented with A knock came to the door. He tookno dS^stwklng the hair down over Dm — the - J doar was 1, •n unexpected visitor sidled w into the miaow apartment. :|lc ViiitaRi" said the fimt I've got soo»c news that may ^ nidiedai. noUiing-l^T in in .nythinJu " Dr. Martin >" he now l^Sc^riSi* id»l of savage glee. ^^^Ts^dtobare come haikagain <n ve ius victim a decent jart in ta»eW> _ j.» W. ssM anxiously, as . 'SlSiflSwae waa face. "That Was didnt think you'd take what I said seriously.« 60 ifew people outside the profession ever RavBr hereditary disease's single thought. Heft Wammain a hurry test TOU ' sho°M ask more questions, for I d had m'little whisky, and didn't know bow much I'd told yon. And if it hadn't been Cor attending a yonng lady who is away from home- for change of air, having been nearly killed by thebeardessness of her lover, ' I should never bare given you the credit for thinking of northing bat my unfortunate allusion to Lady Winters, which, I beg to sav, is entirely without foundation. This same voting iady aroused my suspicions, and here I am to doctor you now. Everything's etme right at last Both secrets are solved. Forgive me and m CMC yon in a fortnight."' No thanks, no medicine doctor," said the patient with a waive of hia hand. '•Its too late w for that now." -This one dose and no more, I promise you no more," persisted the old man. And so saying he took a medicine ease from his huge breast-pocket, and read out the following rather queer prescription, which be said had been placed in his hands by the young lady's father:— "Moeae&ton;, Hay 16th, 1882. "To Tbomas Haybnrn, Esq. "Dear Uncle.—Von told me to write what particular* of young Winter's family history lwas able to discover daring my tour in England. I think at last we have bowled him out- How dare he pass himself off in Australia at the son of titled parents. I should be obliged if yoa will inform my mnsm Ethel of the true bets of the case. They are briefly these. Bis father, a drun- • ben blacksmith, died when lab waa a few Moths old. If is mother, unable to maintain a family, sought help frqpi the neighbouring gentry. Edward was taken in band by Lady Winters, who. much, to the annoyance of her husband, determined to adopt him as her own son. Itoth Sir Wilfrid and Lady Votm have been dead for some years now. ao>£ their estates being encumbered with iaetaa- nothing remains for the Australian "'Your nephew, "Richard Ilaybum." * » • • "»ist an aas a fellow is to label himself Ethel," said Edward Winters to Am bife one fine spring morning, as they tnrnrf mr die aide of the Flon on their VoaH never do it again, dear, will afcf said looking up into Ills face. " No. in future I am going to wait until atte- people tall me I'm mad my darling." \- And you'll believe it then f -1 don't promise." -WhyT *-Becanse that old bachelor with the '|iia>iim rug over bis knees says we look like a pas of lonalies—that all young couples do." 