llove[it. NADJA; OR, A Battle With Death. A Love Story founded on the Mys teries of Theosophy and Transmigration. BU FRIED ERIC 2. DEY, Author of " Nurha ; or, Reukbe Cogswdtll' Tcsta/entary Requcet." CIIAPTBR L THOSE gEES OF DLAZISoG FIRE, The story which I am about to relate is so filled with mystery, so replete with those things which the world calls impossibilities, that I can often find myself wondering if it can be true. Can it be that I have dreamed it all, and by reason of its constant associa tion with facts, have thus taught myself to believe ilt No, no By my side site Nadja, and from her lips come the repented aesur anue that it has been no dream. In the wondrous depth of her midnight eyes I see that all has been reality. I know that I now dwell in the perfect bliss of her love, and that I have only obtained it by arising, Phceizx.like, from th3 ashes of the blighting, consuming fire whic'a scarred me, body and soul, beyond recognition. I can hear now the hissing of the flame, and can yet feel the scorching, withering heat that shot out from the woman with the burning eyes, her Nemesis and mine. "No, no! It has been no dream: It was all too horrible, too terrible, too real I I have lived it through; I have borne the tests; I have fought the dread battle with dark mystery for a foe, and I have been vio torioue. From out the maze of smoke and heat, the terror of the dread duel to the death, where in the woman-fiend was so often, for a time, the victor, I hateissued unsoathed; and as I look back upon that strange chapter of my life,and bring to mind the wonderful power of my steadfast friend, who so magically pene trated the mysteries that would otherwise have engulfed me, as I recall the almost im possible achievements of his ocoultism, his knowledge of the black arts of Hindoo lore, I start yet again with wonder and alarm,and it is not till I feel her arms twining around my neck, until her warm, red lips are pres sing mine, that I am assured that I do not dleep, that I have not been dreaming, that I may not soon open my eyes to find that Iam still alone in my studio, in the fading light of day, unloved, sad, and with passing hours teoaming more and more a confirmed dreamer, But I will tell the story in detail; I will unfold it, page by page. incident by inci dent ; and perhaps the recital, the careful re tro lient, may help to drive away the fancies which the terror and the horror of it all have so firmly impressed upon me. I eat alone in my studio just as day was merging into night-alone with the ghosts which my fancy wrought upon each half. finished canvas, as the eddying light of that dying day became with each moment more and more sheathed in shadow. I was rapidly becoming a victim of melancholia; my gaiety had turned, during the past few months, into moroseness, my high spirits into bitter dissatisfaction and petulance. The day, which was just drawing to a close, had been one of bitter disappointment to me, for I had seen the honor which my ability had rightfully won deliberately awarded to another. Outwardly I remained calm, but upon returning to my studio I had thrust my hand and arm through the canvas upon which my greatest effort had been growing day by day for weeks. I had ruined the painting effectually, and then, with a grin of satisfaction, I had lighted my pipe and thrown myself into the lounging chair before the window, where I sat watching the sunset tints and bitterly wondering if those same connoisseurs who had condemned me would not also have passed by those golden clouds with which Nature's brush had so grandly decorated the sky. As I watched the gorgeous coloring, the strip of gold-hued cloud, I became imbued with the idea that Fate had placed it there as a promise for my future; but I laughed aloud, ironically, at the thought, while I muttered savagely: "Although it is gold now, should I but touch it, it would turn to braes on the instant." Still I could not drive away the thought; it was pleasant to dream upon, and so I allowed my fancy to build its castles in the air. Suddenly there was a sharp rap upon the panel of my door. It came so unexpectedly and broke in so rudely upon my dreaming that I had leaped to my feet before I realised the nature of the alarm. For a moment I thought that I would make no responec. I was not in the mood to entertain, and still less to tear the pity. ing condolences of some artist friend, who had rrobably called for the purpose of mourning with me over my defeat. As I stood in the centre of the floor, undecided whether to admit my caller or not, the rap was repeated, and th.- ,?arm was so much louder than the preceding one had been, that I hesitated no longer, but stepped quickly forward end threw open the door. With a loud cry I staggered back, and stood staring bffightedly into the black darkness of the corridor, for there, before me, were two balls of living fire, glowing, sparkling, burning. They blazed upon me from the darknees, no though some wild beast of the jungle were crouching there, ready to spring upon and devour me. In deed, that was the first Eensation of which I was conecious, and the next one came when a voioe--n woman's voice-addressed me• " Is this the steludio of MIr. Cngdon ?" "It is," I replied, in a low tone, not yet having recovertd my wits, nod mentally chiding my own olly end stupidity. " Will you walk in C" S uee eMered -a tall figure habited entirely in black-and I could not help shuddesing as she drew near to me, just as though her very presence had brought a dread with it -a premonition of coming evil. I hurriedly lighted the gas, feeling that the darkness was the cause of my fancies, and then turned to offer my visitor a chair. But again I started violently, for the face that I saw before me was so strange, so un natural in its death-like lividness. IIer complexion, though dark almost to swarthi ness, had absorbed a pallor which reminded me of a sheet of parchment buried for ages in some forgotten tomb, only to be at last ex humed, yellowed by a thousand years of time. The coloring of her face was as nothing, however, and I would have speedily for gotten it had not her jetty hair set it off so strangely, so vividly. But when my glance met hers-when 1 looked into her eyes I stood appalled. They literally burned, and with a fire so intense that I involuntarily put up my hands, as though to bar out 1th1 heat that must be emitted from them. 1 was repelled yet fascinated. I longed to fly from the blazing fury which seemed ever ready to dart out upon me, and yet I felt irresistibly drawn nearer and nearer. I was terror stricken, yet charmed, I did not speak-I could not. The room grew suddenly hot and stifling, my breath came with dilffioulty, and I had the feeling that my senses were in some unaccountable manner being stolen from me. Summoning all my energies with one mighty effort, I turned to the window and drew down .ho curtain. The diversion re lIeved me, the oppressive ecnsetions were gone, so that when I again faced my guest I believed that my imagination had played me a trick, for the fire had died out of her strange, dark eyes, leaving them dim and almost eapres sionless, while around the corners of her mouth there played a peculiar smile, as though in the brief interval during which she had been with me some query that had been upon her mind was effectively nn ewared I was impressed with the idea that, however she might state the object of her call,there was some hidden intent behind it,of which I was to become an unsuspecting, perhaps unconscioue:victim. I felt a strange, sudden chill steal over me-that shiver which children say is caused by the act of somebody in stepping upon one's future grave. "Mr. Congdon," she said, " I have come here upon the recommendation of one of your artist friends, a Mr. Jules Dolorme." "Ah I" I replied, abruptly, for I suddenly remembered that as I was leaving the Academy that afternoon Jules had thrust a bit of folded paper into my hand,.which I, in turn, had consigned to my pocket without reading, being too much occupied by the bitterness of my own thoughts to think of it again. In all probability it referred to this call, and I wished that I had read it. How. ever, I could do Eo as soon as I should be again alone. "I want you to paint a portrait for me," she continued, sinking into the easy-chair against which my pipe was still leaning " the portrait of one who is so beauniful that you have but to snocceed in making a perfect picture to become at once famous." I bowed in reply, for I dared not speak; my heart was bounding with too much exul tation. It was the very opportunity for which I had longed. " You will have but little time in which to accomplish the task set for you," she went on in a low monotone which seemed peculiar to her; " three days at the most." " Impossible " I Exolaimed. "No artist could do a portrait justice with only three sittings, and I least of all." She shrugged her shoulders. " Nothing is impossible if the wilt be but strong enough. True, you will have your model for only three sittings, but they may begin early and end at your own pleasure. May I depend upon you to paint theportrait, Mr. Congdon 7 Will you do it l" "But there are others who possess much greater talent than I," I began with some hesitation, but she interrupted me quickly. "For my purposes," she said, in a low tone, " believe me, there is no one half as capable as yourself. Will you do it 2" She leaned forward as she asked the ques tion, and again for an instant her eyes blazed with that strange fire which rendered the atmosphere I breathed so hot and stifling. " Can it be a portrait of her own fres?" I thought, for with all the weirdness which seemed to be a part of her, there was yet a strange, wild beauty woven into her features. "But no," I halt muttered in reply to my own thought, and then I answered her aloud. "I will attempt it," I said; and a strange, exulting smile illuminated her face for an in stant. "Tell me, now, who and what is my modell" I continued; and as I asked the question my visitor's face lighted up yet once again with that incomprehensible smile. "Your model," she replied, in a low tone which thrilled me, "is one who since she first breathed the breath of life has been my constant care. She is beautiful, the perfec tion of creation. Were you gifted with the imagination of the gods of art and with the brush of Gui-o, and could you sit her alone in your studio and transfer to canvas a por traiture of the acme of beauty, the perfect ideal of loveliness, you would have no need to see your model, for her picture would grow before your eyes." She rose from her low sent in thg chair, and laid a card upon tlt faiy, and then glided rapidly tewards the door. Pausing as she was about to pass through it, she said: " We will be ready for you at nine in the morning. The address is upon the card." The door closed behind her and she was gone, while I still remained seated upon the stool in front of my easel, conEcioas that I had shown her but scant courtesy, and yet, for some reavon, powerless to move. For a long time after she had left me 1 remained motionless, wondering in a dreamy sort of way what it all meant; why I had been selected as the artist for this work when there were so many with ready.made reputa tion who were certainly more capable. I wondered who my caller could be, and why her presence had moved me so strangely. I marvelled that I, who believed myself so strong, had been so easily swayed by theb will of a strange woman. My head throbbed with new sensations long after she had gone, while many misgivings presented themselves to my fanciful mind as the possible consequence of her visit. At last I reached forward and took up the card which she had left upon the table, but as I glanced at'it I felt a thrill of dis. may. There was no name upon it- nothing but the address. The street and number were there plainly enough, but that was all. I did not yet know who my visitor was, nor could I learn until theb morrow. She did not give me her name; I had not thought to ask it. In fact, the more I pon dered over the occurrence the moro I bsame convinced that in some way of which I was totally ignorant my visitor had compelled me to remain satisfied with the little she chore to tell me, and that my natural zeai for learning all that could be leare.d regarding the appointment had been for gotten. Hnd I been made the victim of a boax, or was my caller insane? Soddenly I remembered the note which Jule had thrut into my hand at the door of the Aaesdemy, and I drew it forth eagerly, thinking that I would there find some ex planationof the habin of circumstances. But a new disappointment awaited me as I read the note. It ran: am-ammm " DnAU llaKELY,-I have taken the liberty of recommending sour name to a person who wishes a portrait of the most beautiful creature I ever saw. I declined the task for reasons which you will under stand when you see your model. I could not have done the painting justidoe but I am convinced that you can. You know what a dread I have of anything out of the beaten track. I would esy more if I could, but I have broken my word even now, for I pro mised to say nothing, and I am obliged to confess that I do not even know the name of the person to whom 1 have recommended you. I hope that you will undertake the portrait and succeed well with it. " JULES DELOrE." For a long time I pondered over the words which Jules had written, and then I tore up the note and forgot it. But I had decided to keep the appoint. ment I had made, at all events. The morrow will reveal the mystery to me, if mystery there were, and I could wait. I turned out the light, and, takingmy pipe once more, eat for a long time in the easy. chair before the window, thinking, doubting, wondering-" dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before," until at last my eyes closed, and then I dreamed indeed. I found myself suddenly in a brilliantly lighted room, standing, brush in hand, before a monstrous easel, which was draped with long festoons of crepe. The very walls of the apartment were hung with the symbols of mourning, while the hush of death rested upon the silent air. Before me stood my model, a creature so perfect, so superbly beautiful, that I felt my own otter in ability to comprehend the loveliness of her cxquisite face. For many moments it seemed as though I sat staring, enthralled and speechless, upon that vision of wondrous beauty, until at last, in desperation, I touched my brush to the canvas. On the instant the entire vision changed, and instead of that form of magnificent splendor and perfect beauty, I saw before me the face of my late caller. But, in some way, even that was transformed. The latent beauty or nobility which 1 had seen in it had fled, and in its place was the face of a woman-fiend. The burning eyes seemed, in my dream, literally to blaze with fire, until the flames shot out of them and filled the room with a stifling heat. I gazed upon her, fascinated, for with every instant the face before me more and more reassumed the fea tures of the face that I had seen first, until at last the radiance of that great beauty shone upon me again. But atop I and in my dream I seemed al most to hold my breath for an instant. There was a difference I What was it? The face which my vision pictured before me, and which I was to portray upon the canvas, was that of my model; but even though I admitted that much, I felt assured that her soul had somehow gone out, and that the personality was that of the woman with the burning eyes. The face was there, but the soul seemed to have de parted. Again 1 lifted the brush and essayed to paint, but, as the picture grew, I saw that I was depicting the livid pallor, the parch. ment- like ekin, and the burning, fiery eyes of my caller instead of the face of my model. I cast the canvas aside, and tried again. The result was the same. Again and yet again I renewed the attempt; but with every effort that terrible face grew more and more hideous, more and more frightful; It became a menace ; it appalled me. I worked as I had never worked before. 1 strove with all my might to paint the counterpart of the face of my model, but it ever seemed as though that hideous soul burned through the beautiful features, and I could depict nothing else. At last, in utter despair, I threw down my Paletto and brush, as, with a paroxysm of rage, I tore the canvas into strips and stamped upon them. "Bring back the soul that once dwelt be hind those eyes, and I will paint the por trait !" I cried, in my dream; hbut Icannot, cannot do it now I" Then the roam resounded with a laugh which filled me with horror-a laugh of triumph, a laugh of menace. "That soul has fled, but mine is here," I heard the voice of my caller say, in piercing tones. "Paint that 1" "No, no I" I cried; "I cannot I will search for the other I I will find it I Even though it has been carried across the Styx into the regions of darkness I will find it and bring it back I" "Fool I" returned the woman. "In searching for that you will lose your own. Stay and paint the picture asyou find it." But I paid no heed to her words. I daited away out of the room, followed by her de risive laugh. e She is a fiend," I cried-" a fiend 1" as 1 hurried on. And there my dream ended, and all once more became a blank. I slept. CHAPTER II. THE a1TSTERY DEEPENS. When I awoke it was broad day, and the sun was shining brightly upon the fountain, which gushed in living stream into the airin the park opposite my studio. I started and rubbed my eyes confusedly, wondering for a moment where I was, and whyI was not in my bed as usual. "Ah," I said, "so it was a dream after all apd my picture is not even commenced; the work is yet to be done. Ihave not even seen my'model; she roemains to me unknown." I threw off my garments and sprang into the bath tub, feeling a delicious conviction that the water would effectually clear away the cobwebs of my excited fancy, and that Blakely Congdon would soon again be the prosaic artist prepared to go about with his day's work with a genuine zest, once more free from a host of unseemly fancies and weird imaginings. The dream and all that it had revealed to me I dismissed from my mind as nothing more than the consequence of my folly, whereby I had allowed my mind to conjure up all sorts of ehades and pictures after tIhe departure of my visitor, and just prior to my falling into the deep slumber through which Ihad passed. But later I remembered it again in every detail, and wondered. Sson I began to collect the necessary para phernalia for my task, for I had resolved to make a rapid but thorough study of thie per trait required, and to perform the majorpart of the work at my leisure in my studio alter the three days of "grace" had expired. Then, when the hour drew near, I set out for the address written upon the card which my visitor had left for me on the previous uight. In the course of half- an.hour I reached it, finding myself before a large Equare house which stood back from the street half hidden by the trees which grew within the yard. Ivas obliged to pass through a massive gateway in the huge iron fenoe, and then along a winding gravel path, which finally brought meto the marble steps that led up to the great front door. "Certainly they are people of considerable wealth," 1 mused, as I noted carefully the evidences of aflluence upon every hand, mentalaly shuddering when I felt my artistic osenses outraged by the frightlul distortion wrought in the figures of two couchant lions done in iron aa either side oel the portal. Ihad no need to announce my arrival, for one- half of the great door was open, and just within, as though awaiting me, stood a servant, whom I at first mistook for a negro, until a sharper glance proved to mo that he was rather of an Asiatic cast of counten ance, and that his hair wa s as straight as mine. "Carry that to your mistress," I said, authoritatively, extending my card towards him. lie took the card, and after leading the way into a small reception-room, bowed and left me, without having uttered a word. Presently he returned, and, still without speaking, extended a salver upon which rectal a delicately- folded note. It was brief and to the point. It apologised for the apparent lack of courtesy in not re ceiving me in person, and said that the ser vant would conduct me to the apartment where the lady whose portrait I was to paint was waiting to receive me. Evidently it was written in great haste, for my employer had again neglected to reveal her name, having signed the communication with two initials only, and they wero "M. D." I motioned to the servant to lead the way, and after again indulging in a low hbow, which confirmed me in the opinion that he was Asiatic, ho conducted me up a flight of stairs and iuto a largo room, which was luxuriously appointed in Oriental magnificence. il'gazed around me in rapt admiration. Everything which my eyes rested upon within the apartment pleased my artistic senses. Tlhe hard wood floor strewn with costly rugs ge; the inviting (couches piled with delicately embroidered cushions; !the works of art by the great masters upon the walls; the tapestry-all were perfect in their complete ness. That which struck me as most re markable was that the decorations were in no sense overdone; something had been left for the imagination of the be holder at every turn, and I stood entranced, in the very centre of the room, wondering if I had suddenly been transported into the land of the Genii. Then I turned towards the door, intending to question the servant. but I found that he had disappeared. I was alone. At one end of the room stood an easel, rendering the portable one which I had carried in my hand an unnecessary com. modity, and, moreover, it was already pro vided with the large square of stretched canvas upon which I was crneeted to work. I examined it critically, and found it en tirely to my taste; and then, throwing my self lazily upon one of the divans, Ifeaeted my eyes upon the assortment of curios around me. A half-hour passed thus, and I was be. ginning to wonder how much of my precious time was to be wasted in impatient waiting, when the tapestry near me parted, and I was no longer alone. With a sudden exclamation of apology, I leaped to my feet, but the words I would have uttered died upon my lips, andI could, for a moment, do nothing but gaze, spell bound, upon the vision before me. Ah, ye who dream of perfection in the human form; ye to picture to yourselves the completeness of loveliness; ye who in your leisure moments paint in brilliant colors the ideal of all that is beautiful in womankind, must fall far short of the reality which stood before me then ! To say that she was beautiful would be de famation, for beauty, after all, is a compara tive quality, and nothing could have com pared with her. She was all, aye, more, than the words of my visitors had proclaimed her to be on the previous evening in my studio. Description fails me; words become empty nothingness; language is utterly inadequate; imagination falls as far short of the fact and as entirely fails to grasp it as it does when one speculates upon the vaotncss and infiuity of space. I was rooted no the spot,literally paralysed by the vision before me, and I could do no thing but gasp for breath, forgetful of my exietence, of the world, of everything except that she stood there, and that I was feasting my eyes upon her. Her soul seemed to shine in the depths of her wondrous eyes-great, black, dreamy,yet all ablaze with the living fire of unknown pamsions. The olive tint of her skin was re lieved by the glare of eddying flame just be neatll it, while every outline of her features was no perfect that the Venus do Milo might have blushed from marble into clay before her. The costume which she wore greatly added to the charm of her presence. An artistic combination of Oriental and European, shining sith embroidery and glittering with jewels; she stood before me a revelation. How long I would have remained thus spellbound and speehebless I will never know, but her voieo,like notes of music falling upon the stillness of the room, recalled me par tially to myself; " Where will you place me?" she asked, her words revealing just a touch of some foreign aetient which I did not reooog. nine. In an instant I was myself again, and has tened to begin the work for which I now felt nothing but eagerness, although at the thought of placing the counterpartof all that wondrous beauty upon the canvas before me, I felt that I had undertaken an almost im possible task. True, I could paint the image of those great black eyes, but could I repro. duce the soul which shone through them,the fire which blazed in their depths, hidden, yet constantly impressing the beholder with the conoiousneess of its presence ? I could por. tray the face and features, but could I catch the something that I could not define,which, though unseen, was still thoroughly a part of her. " Here, please." I esid, in answer to her question; and in spite of my resolution to remain merely the artist, my voice and hands trembled. But presently the work was begun. She did not speak unless in answer to someques. tion of mine. Whenever I made a suggestion regarding her attitude or exprestion, she in stantly fulfilled my wishes. Nor did she seem to tire under the strain. Many times I paesed and told her to rest a moment, feeling that she must grow weary; but she ever smiled a quick negative, antd told me to proceed. On and on I worked, becoming so absorbed in my task that I forgot the thght of time. Mly brush seemed gifted anew with the necessity of the moment and possessed of a talent it had never known before--so much so, indeed, that I several times hall paused in wonder at the genius I was thus suddenly and unexpectedly developing, paused long enough to marvel to myself and then dash once more into the very vortex of the occasion. With it all, hIowever, I was not forgetful of my model. Many times I besought her to rest, and once I stopped work, saying that she must be worn out, and that I would resumoe on the following day, but she toldmo to proceed, that shem was not tired, that the work must be done in time, and that an hour more or less, then, was as nothing to her. Ones, in making some slight alteration in the draping of her garment, my hand came suddenly and unexpectedly in contact with here, and I started backl with an exclamation of dismay and alarm. Icer hand was icy cold-so cold that its mere touch had sent a chilling wave all over Then i insisted upon a abshort rest, and she reluctantly complied, but although I en deavored to start a conversation which would take her mind from the occupation in which we were engaged, ahe responded only with short monosyllabic answers to my questions, never venturing a remark of her own,so that at last I beaame asno taeiturn as she, and our work progressed in silence. So the day wore away. At noon the same servant who had admitted me brought a sub. stantial luncheon into the room, and for lhalf I an hour I was left alone again to discusas it and to rest. Then the curtains parted anew, and my most beauteous visitor once more stood be. fore me. I had begun to work as one in a dream. There was an unearthly quiet about the house, a comething unreal about my occupa. tion which gradually took possession of me until I wondered if I wouldnotsoon awake and disoovtr that I had indct bet n in dream land. When the night drew near, and the light became too precarious for me to continue my work, I gathered up my brushes, be sought my model to go and rest, and took my departure. At the door I encountered the change ser vant, and I stopped long enough to slip a substantial fee into his hand, and to inquire of him the name of the people by whom I was employed, but he only grinned at the fee and then handed it back to me, murmur ing some words in a tongue which 1 did not understand. It was somewhat of a relief to find that the fellow was not dumb, even though I could gain no information from him, so I pressed the fee into his hand again; but he firmly though politely refused to accept it, and I left the house more puzzled than ever. When I again reached my studio it was quite dark. The night was warm, and I left the door leading into the corridor open, the better to get the benefit of any breeze which might be stirring. Still halt-dreamily I pondered over my work. The exquisitely beautiful face of my model shone before my eyes as vividly as though it were there in reality, illumined by a light electric. The soft, languishing glance of her eyes-the warm, rich glow of her cheeks-the delicate curves of her full, red lips-the perfect grace of her figure thrilled me through and through; and yet. in the midst of it all, I could not forget the ice-like coldness of that one touch, which had sent a shudder all over me. It had not been like contact with an ordi nary hand suddenly become cold. It was like the touch of death itself -that war-like, penetrating thrill which is felt when one comes in contact withia corpse. I could not shake off the feeling, nor could I free my mind from many unformed misgivings regarding the family, the people, with whom I had thus strangely come in con tact. The singular call and the order resulting therefrom; the apparent and evidently in tentional neglect to make her name known to me on the part of my employer; my ter rible dream of the preceding night; the silent, Asiatic-looking servant, who either could not or would not speak my language or accept a fee from me ; the monosyllabic utterances of my beautiful model, and her very evident disinclination to say more in my presence than was absolutely necessary aye, and the very patent doct that she, too, nos well as my caller of the evening before, was foreign by birth; the elegant mansion with its princely furniture, its Oriental character; my own strange and unaccount. able sensations, with the almost insane desire to work on and on at the picture Ihad undertaken-all this and much more passed in review before me in the clouds of smoke which I blew over my head, watching them intently as the draught caught them and carried them whirling out of the window into the darkness of the night, to be lost, like my epeculations of the moment, in the vastness of space. Suddenly I became conscious that I was no longer alone-that someone had entered the studio through the open door. I turned my head lazily, without rising from my chair, expecting to see one of my numerous friends, and resolved inwardly to cut his visit as short as possible under the pretence of retiring early, to find that my eyes were looking into those which had on the previous night reflected the strip of gold in the western sky, from the corridor just outside my door. "Sit still," she said, calmly, restraining my effort to rise by placing a firm hand, which seemed full of strength, on my shoulder. " You are fatigued by your long day's work, and there is no necessity for you to move. Hero is a chair nearyou which I shall occupy for the few moments I shall be here." She seated herself in it, while I murmured a meaningless word or two, for I was so as tonished by her second call that I could think of nothing to say. " I found your door open," she continued, " and saw that you wereresting in your chair by the window, so I thrust aside mere con ventionality and walked into your studio." Again I murmured a polite nothing or two; but before I could collect my wits asuffi eiently to say anything worth recording, she went on again. "You are very tired, I fear, Mr. Congdon, with your long day's work, and there are two more just as long and just as tiresome be fore you." "Yes, I am tired," I admitted; "but the night will rest me. What I most fear is that my model will not be able to withstand the strain of two more days like this one." " Your model will not fail you, never fear," was the madam's cool and assured reply, "and when the three days are over she can rest." " What am I to do with the portrait when it is finished ?" I asked. "01 course you fully realise that this is only a study that I am making now-that the portrait itself must come later; that more study-aye, and more art, must be employed upon that in order to make it at all worthy of the original. What, then, shall I do with it when it is finished?" "Beally I do not know. I had not thought of that." " But, surely, being so anxious to have the work done before your departure, you must wish to have it forwarded to you," I con. tinued. "Yea, yes, to be sure I I will give you full directions before the work is completed," she said. "And now, Mr. Congdon, I revert to the reason for my call to-night," ." Yes?"I remarked, looking up listlessly, for I found that the only way in which I could avoid the strange and unaccountable sensations with which this woman's presence possessed me was to force myself into abso. lute listlessness, totally disregarding allin. terest in anything. To look up and meet those strange, burning eyes, was to feel the unpleasant thrill that I had noticed on the previous night; to allow my heart to bound with anything resembling enthusiasm upon any subject which she mentioned was to feel again that seneo of stifling and of cloeenees which wasso oppressive. "The purpose of my call this evening," she continued, "wasto ask you a question which you may consider impertinent." " And that is "- "Do you think that the portrait wil! be a success? I)o not start, for I am not ques tioning your talents, but your heart." "Myheart!" I exclaimed. I was all in terest now; my listlessness was gone, and she saw it, and went on rapidly: "I know that you can reproduce the face and form of-of your model; but, Mtr. Cong don, can you also reproduce the beauty which shines through her being, and is not a part of her materialperson 1" She Isoaned far forward in her chair, and hereyes seemed to blaze like coals of living fire as she breathed, rather than uttered: "To paint the picture as it should be painted, your heart must feel the beauty of that soul. Thus, your hand will beguided to perform a work which will be the marvel of the world. Your eye cannot accomplish it; your sympathy, your soul, your-love-can. Will you succeed,fBlakoly Congdon 1" As though gasping for a breath of air, I threw myself backwarde upon the cushions, and my eyes closed in spite of themselves. I felt that I murmured a low "Yes, I will ano. ceed," and then for a short space I must have been unconscicus. " Yes, I will ssceeed; but though I win fame. renown, and fortune, I will lose all else that is mine, for, Heaven help me, though I have seen my model but onte-though she is as unattainable as heaven itself at this moment, 1 love her I" I opened my eyes and looked around mein the semi- darkness. My visitor had gone. Then I arose, and in very bitterness of spirit threw myself despairingly upon my bed.-( 7' bc Ceontinued) 