THE KlSS 0E DEATH. The year 1.727. was called the- " evil j year"—that year in which the Eternal | (Sty lay bleeding under the pikes of a I brutal foreign soldiery, the Pope sat im- i prisoned in the Castle of Sant" Angelo. aultiie plague mowed down countless vietims throughout the whole of Italy. The people of Florence alone reclined a gieauiof hope, for without spillingadrop of blood, they had set the two nephews of the pope without their gates and again established their independence. At the pious thanksgiving feast, _ however, which was to celebrate their bloodless ■victory, the slumbering enemy, tbe plague, raised its head afresh, and feed iug on the crowds gathered to attend thecelebrationv took hold again with the force of a conflagration raging through dry wood. The well-to-do portion of the com munity fled to the country or the neigh boring villas: those who were forced to remain in the city through poverty or business of state, locked themselves in their houses and saw neither friends nor relatives. Others sought oblivion in drunken orgies. The most tliiekly settled streets and squares were deserted, the neglected palaces became the dens of thieves, hands of dangerous diameters roamed the streets during the night and plundered the unguarded houses, while the authorities, uuable to prevent this robbery, preferred to lend a hand and share the booty. It was near the beginning of August that the plague reached its worst stage and the daily number of victims within the walls was as high as live hundred. 2(o one left his house before evening and then completely muffled, holding in his hand a liall of spices or a. sponge soaked in strong essences, which he held pressed tohisfaee, "to strengthen the brain," asthepeople laid called it since UiK-caeeio's time, but in reality to prevent drawing tbe pestilent air into the lungs. "When a friend met a friend or a brotlierabrother, tbey would pass quickly on. as far apart as possible, or hurry l>y. with a short nod of the head- Most of the shops were closed : only the fruit and food-dealers, the bakers and the butchers, carried on business, and they had surrounded their shops with iron railings, so that thehuyers were forced to receive their goods ill the street. So great was the fear of in fection that they feared to handle money, and the merchant would pass out to his customers a small wooden or iron shovel, on which the coins were placed and then thrown into a vessel of water instead of into the nioney-ljox. There were soon but few bouses wliich did not- have a white doth at the door, notifying the people that some one lay plague-stricken within. Notaries. with their clerks, could he seen on the streets liefore the houses, or on the roofs, making out wills, while priests received confessions in the pill-lie squares., so eager was each citizen, of whatever age or condition, to _ prepare for death. Oil a sultry August evening, while til"1 heated earth was still steaming from a sliort and, therefore, not refreshing ntiu. a young man sauntered slowly from the Axvo <le Peeori across the Piazza Nni Giovanni. He was of medium size, ami Lis face. Ins careless deportment, and lus effeminate though supple form shoved Ililit to lie a man i-f the world. Iris light hair v.-as not colli! >.—1 smoothly over the forehead, in tiie Florentine style, hut -waved, shoit and free, ahout his iemples Dressed in costly Spanish clothing, he strolled along as coolly as if the scenes of miseiyand destruction at every corner had not the slightest interest for him. He carried neither spices nor essences in his hand, only a large white gardenia, -which he pressed to his lips, from time to than, with an absent snide, as if he carried the flower, not. for protection hut because its odor conjured up pleasant pictures be fore him. Those whom he passed gazed wonderingly at 1dm, bnt rank and riches had not yet so completely lost their charm that one could pass by the only son of the rich Harvo Vettori without greeting him vrith: '"Good-eveumg. Her Filippo." As he -was ahout to turn the corner of the Bigallo. a band of muffled Brothers of the 3Eserieordia. earryhig an euipfy enfli'n met him; he moved aside, hut instead of salutingthemhylifihigldsliat. as was the custom, he turned from thorn ■with repugnance. Willie pissing oil. his face turned away, he came in contact with another person dressed in'adarktravelliiig eloai, who was hurriedly turning the corner: they strnek violently together, and each sprang hack, startled. " You here, Alessandro I ~ cried the first, after looking into the others bronzed face, which was half ecvered hv Ids travelling-hat: "what brings you to Florence f lYell. no matter, yon come at a good time."' "Yes." answered he in the travellhig cloak. as he grasped Ids friend heartily by the hand, '* in times like these every man belongs in Ids native town. So yon see, here I am, ready to offer my services to the Signoria. But, I may well ask, how comes an epicurean like you in this city of sorrow? I thought you had long since fled to the Hugello to carry out there, in one of your villas, a new version of the -'Decameron."' "What would your" answerc-dlilippo: " for twenty-five years I liave worked at the art of living, now I wish to die, if necessary, artistically andwith enjoyment. I have ordered the plague to leave, and shall see whether it will give way first or JL Bnt tell me, is it true iljat you think of marrying one of the sisters of the Sfcrozzis?" "hfadonna Clarice is already my wife," answered Alessandro. " and I believe this marriage will aid me to reach the highest offices." "X beg of yon not to talk politics to me," interrupted the other, quickly: "it is not worthy of the ambition of such a brilliant feDow. .let alone a drop of vour heart's blood. Whether the Pope or the emperor sticks us in his pocket, is all one, he will find an empty city, for ihe grave digger is now king in Florence." "Too true, Filippo," said Alessandro; ; '- X no longer recognize my home ; in the streets, all is silent and dead; no gaping or noisy crowds, no young people showing off their fine clothes and their beauty, no merchants crying their wares, liven on j the Mercato, no sound, save the ringing of the plagne- helL At the Porta al * Prato, I saw a single vehicle coming to- ] ward me ; two black horses were harnessed j in front-I thought it was the litter of some matron. It was a horrid sort of carnival which represented the triumphant inarch of the pdagne : grave-diggers in fancy costumes danced along-side the cart, clinking their gold and crying, ' Long live the plague! ' I went through the Lazaretto City and tried to count the number of huts which seem to have sprung up out of the ground, one along side of the other; I had reached six . hundred before I was tired of count ing." The other shook his head and said, fretfully: "I have ordered my servants, under penalty of dismissal, not to speak to me of sickness or of death. On the street, X turn my head aside when Ihear the bell of the corpse-wagon, and would even if my father lay hi it. "What devil drives you to hunt up all these horrors ? " " 3Xy sister's husband is dead," con firmed Alessandro, "and ruy sister has disappeared. Perhaps she is in the Lazaretto—Who knows? The EiecaL, with whom I had the heritage suit, are dead, even to the last member of the family, and have left mo not only what was mine, but their own as well. Per haps the plague has smoothed over many an old quarrel in that way. 3dy servant, Pagolo, is dead: the beautiful Niecolosa is dead. Alas, Filippo. I have come to a ■city of death. As I go about, X feel of myself and I asif myself if I also am living." " Even the handsome Cedf-ohad to die: he, the giant, who looked as if I'C would live to be a hundred." said Filippo; ."But why do we stand here and wail i like old women ? That one is dead and j this one is dying, let the dead bury their ] •lead, and let us keep our last drop of blood for pleasure. "Well for liim who need not reproach himself with a single wasted hour. Come, Alessandro, we will fo mid a society which will be the talk of Florence a hundred years hence. Should bite overtake one of us, let no one ask after Mm; let us have no talk of funerals. Should the most beautiful woman in our circle die, to-morrow we will embrace one still more beautiful- Euthanasia shall be the ila.ne of our society, and our greeting shall be ' A merry deatb " Are you with us, Alessandro, or does the Madonna Clarice hold you too fast? " The other made a motion with his hand its if shaking a wisp of straw from his sleeve: " As for the nights I am yours, hat the days I must have free. To morrow. early. I shall present myself before the head of the corporation. Xou know, rav- life belongs to the state " ** Good; X give you the whole day ill which to save your country," cried FHippo merrily, "hut to-night you mustbemiuc Xou will always find a pair of friends at my house. f?o may old Florence go to her last moment, with the noise of our feasting and the bawling of the Domi nicans 1 To-morrow is late, better come [ to-day. 3Xy heart tells me that you should come to-day." He tried to drug his friend along, but the hitter kept liim off and promised faithfully to be with bim on the moiTow. Finally, Filipi>o gave it up, and, turning to go, cried out to bis friend : " lie sure :uid come; good-night; a merry death I"" "X will surely eorne ; good-might," was the answer. Alessandro di Francesco della Stufa be longed to an ancient and honorable Florentine family. He was young, hand some, and rich, and st«od below none of bis contemporaries hi cultivation- The earliest Humanists of Italy liad been Ms teachers, and be bad learned political wisdom in the school of Francesco Guieeiardini. He had passed the last few years ou foreign missions aad had only paid a short visit to his native city. He knew the courts of Eouie and Paris: had been honorably received in Venice l>y the Srreuifsitna ; had lived everywhere in the society of the greatest politicians, learned men. and distinguished artists; and had been involved with some of the most beautiful and most celebrated women of his time. He had lately married, in Iiucea.a comitry-wom.au of liis, the proud Clarice drgli -S'trozzi Once liefore, in Florence, he had promised liis heart and hand to another, hut that was long ago. After Filippo left him, he passed thoughtfully through the entrance of San Giovanni where, twenty-six years ago. he had received the sacrament of bautism. At t he door he dipped his finger into the vessel of consecrated water, for although a follower of the Platonic doctrine, he liad always remained a son of the cliureh in all his habits. A blind beggar, hi ragged clothes, was kneeling at the entrance. A pair of candles burned dimly at the main altar: the rest of the church was in gloom. The crowd of believers, who usually filled the temple iu the evening, had disappeared. Alessandro advanced a few steps throngh the resounding space, then turned hack toward the main altar, where he noticed n kneeling form which lie had at first over looked. so near was she to the door by v.-liicli be had entered. Of her fnee, which was turned to want the high altar, he saw nothing hut a pale, oval shape, while her form was hidden in a long, black mourn ing-gown ; still something whispered to him that this lonely devote was young and beautiful. As the- young man lteeamc aware m this feeling. tin: earnest look left his face : he assumed a more jaunty air and tlirev.- 1 Lis cloak so us to show the SjKUiisli doublet underneath, while his steps sounded louder through the empty churcli, and his sword jingled liglitlv along the mosaic pavement. The lady shrenk hack startled. and tinned toward Lin a beautiful face, but pale as marble, and to which the uncertain light from the aitnr lent a peculiar charm. Alessaiidro stepped up to her and said modestly iMadoinia. 1 see that you are alone, the church v.ill soon be closed, and the streets swarm with suspicious charac ters. "Will you allow me to protect you and escort you to your liomer" The lady trembled so at his words that she was forced to support herself with her arm ou the stone step near which she knelt. She answered hesitat ingly and with 1 lowed head : " Sir.X have no longer any home; the house of God is now my house." The young mail leaned down toward her, and with sympathy asked : " Did I startle you, Mudouna r Tou seem to he suffering from some heavy sorrow/' She raised her head and said to him. in a tender tone : " Yes, I was startled at hearing the voice which I thought never to hGur again. Do you no longer know poor Bianea, whom you once taught to helieve that she was nearest to your heart r" " Bianea," stammered the young man; j " tou, and alone at this hour! " " I have been prajing to God to I deliver this poor people and myself, | also." " Oh 1 He has certainly heard—you will live ! " cried Alessaudro, no longer knowing what he said.and helping her to rise. TUe black eyes glowed feverishly iu her psle face; she clasped liis arm tightly, and her Lreath swept his cheek, while his eyes rested oil her as if fixed, ! seeking the well-known features in this I pale hut glorious creature who stood he lore liirn in the full development of her | charms. " Hy home is desolate," she wills- j pered; " my husband dead, the servants fied; horror drove me out, I seemed to see ghosts staring at me from every corner."' Her knees gave way beneath her. and she sank forward, as if about to fall, so that he was forced to catch her in Ms "Aly Bianea," he said, overcome by pity and tenderness, "you are not alone. I I have found you again and will not for- f sake you." A gleam of joy and triumph flushed j from "her eyes, but he did-not notice it; lowering her face, she asked timidly ; | ""Where will you take me r" He was silent for a moment, and con science whispered to hhu that he was about to betray, once more, one whom he had formerly loved i*issionately. But the presence of this beautiful creature whose heart he could feel beating against j Ms own, the alluring darkness and lone- I liness, all combined to throw Ms whole j being into a tumult, in wMeh evcrv better feeling sank. "Come to me—to my home," he said, in a tender voice; "your own is desolate and Lere.nrine, also, is empty; no house hold fire bums there ; X am all alone. Bianea, come wit). i;;c—Bianea, I have never forgotten you—it was a higher force that tore us apart. Eon- often I have thought of you through all the long years! Your picture was woven into every thought of my native - city_ And now, Bianea we may, perhaps, he* dying; shall we not make tins last hour | a joyous one r' "Yes," she answered quickly, and I and pressed his arm ; "X wiiX go with | you." An evil smile crossed his face, but/to I Mde it, he leaned down to her and kissed | her quickly. She tore herself from, his arms and pointed, with averted face, toward the altar. The motion revealed a wMte cloth, which she had fastened to her belt like a scarf. TTTs face blanched and he shrank back, I as he asked, anxiously : ""What does that | cloth mean She laughed aloud and the sound rang | dismally through the vaulted space. "Does this symbol frighten your' she said: and then continued:* "I put] it on so as to come here unhindered. As | von yourself said, the streets are swarm ing with suspicions characters, "With I this token, one can pass as safely as if in | angels' garb." He felt his warnl l&wd.; grow cold, a I sliuddor rail through him, while her ac tions seemed to him strange and peculi arly agitated; still he was ashamed to give way to the feeling, and, in a sort of frenzy, he tore the white cloth from her. " X will protect you," he said. The sharp jerk with which he had torn away the cloth had also caused her belt to come off in his hand. Her wide hlack overdress fell apart and showed beneath a misty linen under- garment.embroidered with gold on the bosom and falling to the ankles. He clasped her again in his arias while she submitted, and laid her face on his shoulder so that her long loosened h:dr fell over his arm, to which she held tightly -with both hands as if in fear that he might again leave her. " Come, let us leave this place,"* she whispered in his ear. He lifted her in Ins arms as he would a child and carried her out of the church. This time he forgot to dip his hand in the holy water and almost stumbled over the | blind beggar, who had fallen asleep in the doorway- AYlien they reached the open air, it was she who hurried liim on, as if she feared that with every minute tlicy would lose some happiness. The sky lmd grown dark and threatening, the wind swept down to "Via Calzajuoii and whirled a cloud of dust into their faces. Madonna Bianea suddenly stood stiff, laid her hand on her heart, and sighed deeply and painfully " Shut your eyes,*' he said; " I will lead you." He wrapped half his cloak ahout her, placed Ins arm around her waist-, and supported her hi such a manner that he seemed to he carrying a burden. Ou the Ponte Yecehio, they stopped awhile to catch their breath. The heavy clouds were suddenly torn apart, showing, for a moment, an immense mass of yellow, sulphurous fire. The valley of the Aruo seemed, for an instant, to stand in flumes; then all was darker than before. " In tliis ihe end of the world, which FraAuilirogio preaches of every dayr" whispered Bianca, cowering in the young man's arms. They passed on. grazing the railing, when suddenly Alessandro struck a lump of something soft and drew back Ids foot in horror. He knew at ouce that he had stepped upou a corpse, for the human body impresses oue with an instinctive dread, even hi the darkest nights: and dead bodies were only too plentiful hi the streets of Florence in those days. " An astrologer told me, not long ago, that on luv way to love I would find death,"' said the young man,with a forced laugh; " I am now ou the road to love and here lies death." As they approached the Via di Bardi, where Alessandro's house was, Bianca asked, suddenly; "AYhere'is theMadonna Clarice r" Alessandro was embarrassed. "Ho not speak of her; do not think of her," was his answer: " she is far away." " Then she does not love you, since she refuses to share danger with you r " " It is not necessary for her to love, she lias only to obey," he answered, shortly. From tliat time 011, Madonna Bianca did not say another word. "When morning dawned, Messcr Ales sandro woke from a, restless sleep; his temples throbbed. his lips were pure]led. and lie felt an intolerable burning and tearing in his armpits. I shall send for the doctors." he said, anxiously, and raised up his head. " Tou would do better to call the priest," said Madonna Branca, coldly, without moving from the seat where she bad lieen for hours, pale and motionless, gazing at the sleeper. lie stared tit her with wide-opened eyes. She threw back lier while linen gown and, by the pale morning liglit, be saw, above her marble bosom, three fiery red spots surrounded by a small bluish circle. '"Look," she eriod ; "I forgot to show yon this last night." An ice-cold hand seemed laid upon his heart. Before him he saw the dread spectre of destruction. The next mo ment he felt as if on lire, and, tearing off his sliirt, he saw on his own breast the same fiery red symbols, the most severe form of the pest then known and a sign of certain death. He sprang from the bed as if be meant to strangle the woman, but remained standing before ber with clenched lists, and said, in a hollow voice : "Toil—you have done this to me ? " " Tcs," she said, quietly, with the smile of a madwoman; "I, the unhappy Bianea, whose youthful bloom you stole and whom you then turned over to tlie scorn of her relatives and drove into the arms of a man she did not love ; I,whom, yesterday again, you led away from the altar, thinking to betray me once more —it is I who have poisoned your life and forfeited my eternal salvation through the most horrible and detestable deed the world has ever known. But I do not re gret it. "When misfortune attacked our city and all were praying on their knees to God to save them, my heart alone re joiced in this destruction. But I did not suspect what vengeance, what bliss, was reserved for me. Never again will tbe fair-haired Clarice enjoy your love 1 Oh ! what are all the powders of the Borgias and the Medici compared with the de light of presenting to your enemy your own lips, like a poison-chalice, saying : ' Drink I" "Was not the cup enticing, was not the drink sweetr" " He broke out into wild cursing: be overwhelmed her with the most dreadful threats; hut, whether it was the force of the sickness that weakened him or the devilish nature of the woman liefore hiin, he dared not raise a linger against her. She let him rave, and sat quietly be fore bun. Suddenly she raised her hand and interrupted linn. " Listen," she said, with a peculiar smile; " do you hear the bells ringingbelow in tbe street? That is the cart from which all who have life left creep shudderingly away. In a few hours they will lay us together on this cart, they will throw both of us into the ditch, and the tire of damnation will receive our souls." " Hell-hag I -Jezebel!" he cried, in deepest horror; "shame on your cowardly deed I But you will at least lose your triumph, I shall not diein your company, I shall call my servants." He started to rush out, but she held him back forcibly bv tbe arm. " Stay," sue said, in a tone in wllieli hate and tenderness battled; "if you call your servants they will send you to the Lazaretto, whence only tlie grave digger will carry you away. Stay here, my vengeance is satisfied. Tou shall re ceive every attention from nry bunds that will relieveyour dying pains; a wonderful force seems to sustain me." He no longer heard, but started before liim with vacant gaze and allowed ber to lead him to his bed, upon which he sank down heavily. Huge seemed to have con sumed all his strength and to have left the fever in full control. Once lie moved Ms bead,for bethought he could hear the great hell which, in times of need, summoned the citizens of Florence to the 1'urlometiUj. "The Signoria expects me,"- he murmured with heavy tongue; but there was a roaring in his brain, a heavy stupor overcame 1™, and his eyes became glassy. After awhile his lips opened again and he murmured fragmentary, indistinguishable words. The patient watcher at his side bent over him, and listened intently. From' the dying man there came, with his last breath, the words: "Forgive—BhoicaJ' And Madonna Bianca with her pale lips imprinted on his bloodless ones the kiss of -Translated far the Arnonautfroin-1 the German of I&oldo; Kurz. -SehirmTig from their "wedding trip, ■ Said Pontile to his "wife, "What duties of our partnership -• "Wili you conduct, my life: S^r lovxusr eyes on him she Lent, And wHspered, softly, Dear, Toa take the hiisiness'maiiagement, -And I iviilhe flashier/' /* 