k BUSH ' . BY R6S'ER* RICHARDSON. . i y*s stayipg in Sydney for a few .week*, and I put up at the Oceanic pbb: iTi^re l made the acquaintance ,of.a young. colonial journalist, by name 'Ali^nFellgiite, {(frank/cl^ver.easy-going .fellow; mho hadcompressed a .good deal 'Mojito# his; *prty^^.,^ One evening i after dinner . we, isat smoking under the 'browf, veniiifitLh' that Van' ,touhd three .tides i»f thecfub building. Presently his watch and held it ,in,;hir hand tot a few moments. " I this evening, but .thmitfple&ty-Of; time yet," he said. '^jaiije seifirijd tlmes noticed what a iputiawarty hnidsome watch that is of ' »i KiAh, that watch has a story," he rtepua - "1 j. iiVIfaave observed come sort of itiscrip ffijjMjiUttpii,1 suppbse ?' or i^Sight It was a' presentation, but ^^eW^'uqttiuias6rt,', ? , -I *1 ^row curioos:: Let us have the /V;; ; i .<? Very jgood.' irt a yarn I have had id '£$)!, mp^ ^^MP iOnce. You must; 9too*r,then, thirl' ligin my journalistic ltfe'ln'thecolonies as editorof thatable «hdaistUuuMfedj)rgan bf public opinion, ,tad. been fofspmesixmonths, to ^'igmnalways,-proud to; an, tfhen that ; S.,:<ffiu«jl?;!;^ras| ^in^'ifote of ^ttattil tttdfertiM' ftnd terrorirai. I ^ighu ®f!thi£;'btish, 'FrahVr: Oardini«f "was itl 1M :t»H. .Wfi OT« jbtier ,i .. ???:.<. ?? jKpwgKu and iacfuevenient. second, to tt(«Wi*For HNwetil.yefcrs he and; his s13 '«4i_ Capture on the in)i"nriWfte;t6untiy i Ito'i'thini .that £Vank, like r^^Dhtaof 'a#d prototype, ^Lblm.B, !charmed lifa At last two thouMnd pnnnds wasset on his '? .' n'l " vea a short letter .following,addressed Btacont I'^'ftrtatcbmt Stjk jhe the rayselfand my.ibatesi last ^rtattotap^ed an attack upon . to-say that lb i*-announcement iple 3 UtO«Ji. isiehtSMy rtroneods, fitimthe simple I 1 ^ i*r ,>i!S ? ',s ? ? "il" .?GMtMNERl'' " so iifunnyi in: us .cool 6#hoUienounistaAces later, I received a rant'pretty; much annifliKJiTyur #Mp«WKBthl Kcend ..letter. of ^Mbucjncniitotjeooountelr'maoh mis '^on.'anBf'^dtjust submit, ,?itn^,l«,*j wmedyat hand, a iiytftji iietdy dbiag.hi*nself justice in MoiliftgivhiiiiselfI! W- ' that remedy. 'J; fore, ^Inaply Jo your^etiseof -P»K m 'rpquesting vou to, i Bjyifltt.Bnd.empJiatlc denial to d' paii^raph which appeared ifi the Sydney one, qfjfltyii^nates was wounded ihthearm.t Nothing of the sort'took^lacej thanks to Jf .^ItWdM^r, jn; .d^tp: b^»poii«iii^:; Tj^j^p/pafl^raph ja($p state? that in thg,Jiityj|ttwpg<upi of tbe Binda .Flat mail wetreatM ourimsonerswith much1 tafftMh?'. Tte, w'^^heJOf thiswas1 can i pnlyJbavie^anii^:.Cn(>mi ftertons. wil filUy Mid. maliciodily; determined upon j^u^io^iffl^f knd ^^feoimriiaes in t^wn,',youre, . . 'i lElRANS'iQUADlNKR. . ' sfffitfassstftii swi$ Jwf*4iweB jconimunications from the moitoAous t>uihhu)ger,' Varying in d^tdite^'tiut' lall 'of. ^ ^Smilu' purport-r TO$ct' to, -porr^tt .come ilunder or nui^ep(ie8enuftionV<on the part of the 'ublic prto.1 All-these .oiptnunicationS irfd <a'.{E>^<^ iflf ihe: papfe'r. I saw ho: vjnji'iAi fl^s.jiijsei^ng.them. Some of ^e^era aidjnot heaitate to accuse me tiaidtti^iKnd' abetting the btishrangets JtttflldiQIbH' prFrantGardiner'B ^jt^rfg' 'ihjit' they.i were merely Pxliw- the police off the real track. '.But'Iftaadoned that, 'even if'thls were the dufe'lfie' rtise Was so simple an!d'^aspiir6^! A.,jpn^ that the police: were^otin thei least ;3ikely to fall into ib-. fButil^did hot 'thltik thttt Gardiner hfd'wy 'Mdi' purpoist' iri seeding the letters. '^Ikilttive^ that ^jeir meaning was on^'^urfa^though jtsomettmes struck meitbtt, oyer and above,this, the' bush-' ranger was hitoself aware in some degree ofl^ hiiliour of the.(iitua'tioi),:and that hvt.^Be^ ot . this sometimes shaped the wording; of his letters. ' Most of the towriipeorte toiok hy ,yiew of the tnatter, aM1"wi^bl^',;<ii the. .thing,and the dfp^l^tioii ibf .tb& Btocen* in nowise suffered.' tf'MgjHMwffl' I :$($, about half-a dO^in ^.Gardiner's communications, coverinkAipace of ten or twelve 'weeks, whfcn ah'^rent occurred., I 'was sitting intey .Uttte f&o;&V; about eleven o'clock a| night ; I haid jiist finished some corres pondence worft Connected' with the papery'!and'r had lighted a cigar and! setfled'oack irtjb WjiySludr withaiHpmeric sigh of relief wheii tliere was a knock at the door j and the next moment, .without waiting for the least countersign of any sort, a figure entered. I lipped my chair back until I very nearly lost my balance iat the unexpected aspect pre sented by my unceremonious visitor-a tall, athletic man with a shaggy, light coloured beard, dressed in ordinary bushman's garb, pistols in his belt, and a carbine at his back, his face hidden by a mask. Such outwardly was my visitor -a sufficiently unconventional and dis quieting figure thus suddenly to present itself at the dead of night to a harmless country editor armed with no fire-weapon more deadly that) a cigar. My fust thought was how the fellow had got into the house; but this and all other thoughts were quickly dispersed by my new friend addressing me: " Good even ing, Mr. Fellgate." " Good evening, Mr. I beg your pardon; you have the advantage of me." " I've a little bit of business with you -never mind my name. I would have sent up my paste-board but I've for gotten my -card-case." This symptom of a vein of humour -thin as it was-in my guest reassured me a little. " I'm very much at your service, I am sure," I replied. " Anything I can do to . " That's it, boss. I was sure you wouldn't cut up anyway rough about the business ; and we on our side '(I try to make it pleasant all round for you. Well, the racket simply is that you're to come along with me, Mr. Fellgate, and the sooner we're off the better for all parties." I did not quite expect this, and my visitor's proposal had no great charms. " You mean that I am to accompany you, wherever you are going to, now-at once?" " That's it. You spot it every time. That's ,p»y contract. So' Mirry up, Mr. Editor; and Just think of others besides yourself. My neck's . half-way in the baiter at this blessed moment" ' The man spoke in the coolest and most determined manner, and I at once saw that -any 'further attempt at resistance1 would be worse than useless. "Onle word more, Mr. Fellgate," my companion continued. " If you follow trie quietlyand without-any row,noJiarm wHl come to you. X promise you that, on ray void as between gentlemen." This should periiuts have been com pletely reassuring. Nevertheless, it was with some considerable feeling of doubt titod disquiet that I prepared to accom pany thebushranger, for such and nothing short the man evidently was. We left the house noiselessly. The aged lady ttio acted for me in the capacity of bousekcfj^r had. long since retired, £nd our captious footsteps did not disturb ber. 'Outside, tethered to a rail-fence at a-UttlfcaisfaWce from th6 bouse, stood two hon«. - - - IW&m;*.. tin&ifplfled; me, d»e of tKe. twoj^tge?. Tflls blindfolding, again, .I did nut much fancyj but caution ami discretion seemed now to be my safest cue. When the bushranger had himself Mounted, he ^ughtjoy..horse's tein and we started. For about a quarter of an hour we pur sued the high road, at a quick walk, a jogging, uneisy half amble, that was any- J flung but a, comfortable pace, the un easiness seeming to be increased by ray being blindfolded.' Then we suddenly diverged from the highway, and in a litt)e while bad entered the bush, as I could easily judge from the fell of ray horse's feet-on-the-soft-sand-track. I should have mentioned that the night was a veiy dark one, without either moon or stars. ., . . We rode on. for the best part of a jcouple of hours, v$ry few words passing 'between .us. I knew the time to be iabbut that length afterwards; but in ireality it seemed much longer to me, ff°n> the fact of my blindfolded ; partly, without doubt, Pom the whole conditions of my ride J>eing in no sense what could be called lively or inspiriting. , , 'At the *nd . of two hours, then, my leader isuddenly. tightened my rein, and we drew up. ' He bade me descend, Which I did, still with the bandage on my eyes; libeiieict moment my friend had removed the handkerchief which he had used for blindfolding me, when a strange raetmy eyes, I was standing in the miadle ofa small clearing in the heart of the forest Ttie darkness was Jit up by hfelf-a-dozeri flaming torches and the light Of a smMl fire, round which five or M men. were reclining on the short sparse grass. The man nearest the fire at once caught my attention. He Was about the middle height, and of a very active and well-proportioned figure; brown-bearded, with particularly bright and alert eyes, and a not unprepossess ing <ast of features. , A few minutes' scrutiny of the man confirmed me in my identification of him. He was no othet than my correspondent of the past three months-the hdtoriotis bushranger who had been harrying the country right and left for nearly two years, levying black mail on all whom he encountered with the slightest respect of persons or dignitaries-the redoubtable outlaw, Frank Gardiner. Various portraits of the man were abr^d throughout the country, all sufficlently alike to enable me to recognise the original now that he was before me. All the men, from the leader down wards, were armed to the lips, so to speak j and as the light of the file and the wavering torches gleamed from the bright steel of the carbines and pistols to'the bronzed feces of the highway aen, tanned almost black by constant exposure to a semi-tropical sun, 1 could not but be reminded of the old familiar stories of Italian banditti and the pictures one had seen of the same. j The leader of the gang was the first to speak. " Good evening, Mr. Fellgate ; or rather good morning. You recognise ! me, I dare say f" Yesj I think I do." " From the several flattering portraits of me that are about, eh ? I wonder you do recognise toe from them, that's a fact. If I ever catch that blackguard of a photographer who has so abomin ably burlesqued me in those pictures, I engage to make things hum for him !" It was generally understood that personal vanity was one of Gardiner's weaknesses, and remembering this, I could not help smiling a little at the speaker's words. " You may smile, Mr. Editor; but no public man likes to have such a vile caricature of himself scattered broad cast over the country; you. know that well enough, and you wouldn't care about it yourself." "Perhaps not; but I haven't yet attained enough distinction to bi very well able to judge how I should feel," I answered. " Yes; I daresay that makes a difference. But to come to business. You're wondering, I suppose, why you've been brought here in this somewhat unceremonious fashion ?" " I am a little puzzled." " But not afraid I hope. You don't look (hat way much." "No; not now. I was just a little startled at first, I must confess. But I am not aware of any wrong that .1 have eyer done you, Frank Gardiner." "That's it, my boy-you're right all the time. On the contrary, it has been all the other way; and that's why I wan ted to.have a word with you personally. I wanted to make the nearer acquaint ance of my editor, you know. How. do you think they read ?-I mean those let ters. Not so bad for a young aspirant in literature, eh? I'm positively thinking of setting them reprinted in a small book, if I can .get any of those Sydney newspaper flats to undertake it. ' Epistles of a Bushranger.' Taking title, eh ?-a fortune in the very name. Would fetch the public till further orders, don't you think? - But I beg "your pardon for keeping you'standing all the time, Mr. Editor. Just'bring yourself to anchor; and have a drink, will you?-Young Hall, hand the editor your flask." ' A young man, considerably the young est-looking of the party, handed me his flask,' which'I put to my lip's, merely touching the liquor. " You drink mighty shallow, Mr. Fell gate.. One fingers about your mark, I judge. Wdl, please yourself. Now, took here. There's a cool two thousand set on my head; you know all about that Well, there s a carbine by your side, as pretty a piece as you'll find this side the range. Now's your chance. Take up the gun and you can hardly miss me, if you were to try." Of course such a thing was totally out of the question, for more reasons than | one. But even if it had been possible for me to do as the highwayman sugges ted, I should have been a fool to have attempted his life under tV>e existing and peculiar circumstances. '"Just try the weapon, Mr. Fellgate. iPut it to ypur shoulder, and see how it ilies as prettily in rest as a baby asleep. Let'it .'off overhead there." I raised the gun and attempted to. fire it, 'when r discovered that I was quite un able to do so. , i could not move the trigger a hairbreadth. It was some kind of trick-locic, the secret of which was probably known to the owner alone. . Gardiner laughed quietly.. ''A pretty thing, ain't, it? : But I don't believe jou would have used the weapon, against me just (it present, even if you could.-I'll do you that credit." " I'm not so sure of that," said I, half jocularly. " Shoot me down like a dingo in a trap?'No, no I A fair field and a chance for his hair even to an outlaw. That would be . more your motto, Mr., Fell gate, I'm sure. Why, I'd grant that my self even to a trooper, unless the case Was very pressing. But now, I must really come to the point." ; During all this colloquy none of the rest of the gang had put in a word, but smoked silently on, regarding me with stolid gravity.. : "I nave always had a considerable ad IniratioB for the press as an institution," Gardiner resumed, " but never so much as since making your acquaintance as an editor, Mr. Fellgate. You have acted towards me, in the most honourable and gentlemanly manner; and while those miserable and ignorant Sydney rags, the HtrM and . Empire have refused to insert my letters, contradicting the many lying and libellous statements they have published regarding myself and my mates, you Jiave vindicated the claims of the press to being a free and impartial organ of public expression. Now, no man who knows Frank Gardiner ever accused him of forgetting a friend or a service. I consider, Mr. Fellgate, that you have done me a real service in. this matter, and acted like a gentleman every time, and I would like to show you that I am not insensible of this. Though I am a bushranger, I am not a blackguard. If you will be good enough to accept this trifle, merely in recognition of my admiration of you as an editor, and of my personal regard, you will do me a favour, Mr. Fellgate. And I may per haps as well add that you may receive this with a clear conscience, for it was bought with money got upon the square. As he spoke, Gardiner took from his breast-pocket a small morocco case and handed it to me. I opened the case, and found a handsome gold watch. Seldom, I venture to think, in the his tory of presentations was any one made under more singular circumstances. It seemed to reverse all precedent. Tradi tion was being read backwards; for in stead of a highwayman taking; a watch from me, I was getting one from him. To devise such a situation in fiction were, of course, easy enough; but I am relating a true incident, and as such I am inclined to think that the case was unique. Of course, I accepted the watch. What else could I do? Sticklers for morality may refuse to endorse my con duct in so doing; but these same stern moralists would have probably acted pre cisely as I did under the same circum stances. I was by no means so sure of my position that I could afford to affront or offend iriy strange friends in any way. Under the easy sang-froid, careless ban ter, and studied politeness which Gardi ner had shown throughout our conversa tion, I knew that there remained a will that brooked no contradiction, and that had never yet been thwarted. Under circumstances like these, where personal danger enters as a large factor in de termining our ultimate action, the ma jority of us are apt-to give an easy and liberal interpretation to the minor ethics. I took the watch, uttering some com monplace words of acceptance in doing so. " And now, Mr. Fellgate, I think our interview is at an end. I am glad you like the watch, and [ think you will find that it is as good as it- looks. In all probability, you and I will never meet again. But if ever you hear any of those snivelling city counter-jumpers maligning me and my brave tellows here, you, at least, may kindly think that we're perhaps not so black as they paint us.-Jim, take care of the editor. -Good night." I was once more blindfolded, and Jim and I returned as we had come. When we reached the confines of the forest, however, we dismounted, and my com panion removed my bandage. The first grey glimmer of the dawn was stealing through the bush. " You'll have to pad the rest of the way home, Mr. Fellgate. I'm like the ghost in the play, you understand-must scoot with the first light. Sorry I can't take you to your door." " Don't mention it; I know every inch of the road," I said, bent upon answer ing him in the same vein. " You're a pretty cool hand, Mr. Edi tor. Didn't think you scribbling chaps were that sort. No offence. So long i" When I reached my rooms, I found my landlady already astir. She had not been much surprised to find my bed room empty, for it had once' or twice happened that I had to spend the night at the office, although that was not a fre quent occurrence, the Beacon being only a bi-weekly issue. I lay down on the sofa in my sitting-room and took a couple of hours' sleep. When I awoke, the event of the night had for « little all the feeling of a dream; but that fancy quickly passed away. Over my morning coffee, I -examined my newly and so jstrangelyacquired gift at greater leisure. I may say, in conclusion, thatit has been my constant companion ever since that night, and I don't think there is a better time keeper out of London. Would you like to look at it closer ? Fellgate handed me the watch. It was a remarkably handsome hunting watch, very finely finished, and bearing the name of a famous London maker. Inside, I read this inscription: " PRESENTED TO ALISON FELLGATE, ESQ., BY FRANK GARDINER." "You know all about Gardiner's ulti mate fate, of course," my companion re sumed, " though you ware not in the colonies at the time-how he and nearly fell his gang were at last taken, and how Frank himself got a long term. It could neyer be proved against him that he had! actually killed anyone, and so he es caped the gallows. He is serving out nis time now in Darlinghurst up there, and behaving himself very decently, they say." : Gardiner, the most notorious highway man, on the whole, that ever ranged the Australian bush, only served a portion of his alloted term. At -the end of that period, Sir Hercules Robinson, the then governor of Nevr South Wales, exerted himself to obtain Gardiner's release from farther imprisonment, believing that the prisoner's good conduct from the begin ning of his incat-ceratipn deserved this. Many persons thought this course on the part of Sir Hercules somewhat hasty and injudicious; and it was not without con siderable opposition and difficulty that the governor had his way, as he finally did. On his release, Gardiner betook himself to California, where it was gener ally understood that he became the pro prietor of a drinking-bar-a somewhat inglorious finish to his dramatic career. 