MODERN FOETUNE-lELIilNG. (london spectatob. It isnecessary, wo suppose, ih woll as right to punish fortune-telling for monoy. One has always an idea, after reidiug the pro ceedings bofore tlio magistrates, as if good powder and shot were being tlrown away for nothing, and as if tho progresi of intelligence would of itself extinguish that particular 1 variety of misdemeanour. (Wo do not hang witches any longer, nobody can preeisoly say why, and tho bumkins vho affirm, as thoy 'still' do now' and then, Uiat Mothor So-and-So. . has. " ovorlooked" their children or tliolr pigs, ' roooivo no help from tho Benoh, boyond a sharp little lecture, whioh thoy do not uudorstand, for tlieir folly or their mnlico. Indocd, if thoy have stuck pins into Mothor So-anil-So on tho faith of her witebhood, or havo limited hor too malignantly, or have sot fire to hor blookeat, thoy are fined, as if tlieir offenco had not boon diotatod by oho of tho most ancient of all boliofs. ' Still, a fortuno-toller who . takes monoy is a swindler, usually a conscious swindler, and fopls must ho pro tected against swindlers ; whilo thoro is somo thing to be said for tho idoa that tho legal condemnation of ' folly helps to mako it a littlo moro rate. - Tho mon- who passed tho Ant intended it, wo fancy, not so inuoh for the protcotion of servant-girls, curious about tho complexion Of thoir future lovors, as for tho punishment of a kind of blasphomy olosoty connected with ' the worship of tho evil one; hut still, the Act'hurts no innooont porson, aud it dobsitond to' check a particu larly injurious Hudof lying. .. There nover was a timo when fortune- tolling -in drawing-rooms was so rifo, or apparently so much believed iu. Society rejeots astrology altogether, not, wo fnnoy, for St. Augustine's unanswerable rcusous, hut because it so raroly sees or thinks of tho stars ; and it has got boyond dreams, whioharo supposed to ho a result of indigestion, and to be curublo by nitrato-of-silvor pills, 'r it may he by niix vomica ; and tho drinkeri if tea at 0 o'clock are in secret a littlo afraid of spiritualism, as likoly to end some day iu a possible uppcaninco of ghosts ; so they dovoto thomsclvos to 'father moro inuno forms of divination. Sometimes tho inquirer's fortune is iorctold from her handwriting, which is comparatively sensible, as there is in hand writing a little ovidencp of oliuracter, though not much, tho slightest innptitudo of tho fingers or defect of.. eyesight dopriviug the manuscript of all relation to tho writer's mind, as does also that writer's resolve to write a convontioiial hand. Tho most reso lute person wo know writes a niggling scrawl, hardly logiblo, and indicative, if of anything, of weak indecision ; whilo women with watery minds .pour out thoSo tninds in lnuuusciipt whioh Lord I'almcraton/wbo wrote a Circular Ordor. com manding uncial' English, would lmvo pro nounced perfection. Sometimes, again, revo lution is eoug!itf rem thu lines on tho forehead, not tho bumps, mind — that is a separate folly — but tho lines, for which tlio seekers might, if they know anything about it, plead very ' ancient warrant. Priests who woro wise or foolish, ngos before the Sibyl endeavoured to sell hor books, convinced tbemsolvos tlmt ovory man's destiny was recorded by tbo foreseeing powers upon his frontal bone, nod dreamed that, if tho spectator only pon dered enough, ho could discern his visitor's fortune as clearly as his temper or liis com parative , intelligence. Tho drawing-room, howover/ knows nothing of that, nnd only gucsscs/hy a rulo which, ono observes, favours/the foreheads that ruck rather than tho foreheads that nre smooth. It is not ii bad way, if both sexes aro prcsont, of making love without being too explicit ; but it involves severe Btaring, and sovoro staring is ruda. Modern society would not tic rudo, oven if it oould stare into heavon ; and divination by the forehead in therefore usually discarded in favour of divination by tlio hand. The gipsies aro avenged for ages of ridiculo nnd penalties, and palmistry is u rago. Every body who has time to witsto knows somo thing of it, aud there aro regular adopts — ladies some of them — who mako out of their profioionoy regulur, though, wo fear, only temporary, incomes. Thoy tell first tlio in quirer's character, about which thoy often mako shrewd hits, ekoing out tho romilt of uttentivo ohscrvation, or liiuts guthorcd within tho room hy tho uso of cer tain common forms, invented, wo imagine, for tho bolioof of those advertisers who promise full revolutions of character for u shilling's-worth of stamps. Somo of tlioso common forms aro really very clover, thoir object being fluttcry In disguise, flattery not of tho common sort, hut uddrcssed to tho fniblos coucouled in tlio mujority of mankind. No man, for instance, is told that hu is weak; but a groat raimy uro informed thut thoy huvo a strength of purposo not suspected hy thoir friends, or au inner hardness which may spring either frotn rcctiludo or selfishness. No woman is ovor assured tlmt she is spitof nl ; but slio is often told thut silo usually note under a souse of duty, uud that she is ovon too affectionate — a useful advertisement when it is rend aloud. Tho clinroctor discussed, tho fortuuo follows, aud at this point tho observer will often notice an odd poouliarity. Tho magician wishes only to mako his or her prophooios definite, for it is only tho definite whioh is impressive, nnd doliuiteiiess is quite safo, for nobody, liowovor sooptionl, onn dony that any fortuuo is possiblo iu tho ilistuut future. Tlio inquirer may become rich, though slio is poor ; hor lover may bo dark, though slio prolors blondo peoplo ; and slio may livo to be ninety, though slio looks so frail. If slio does, and romombors tbo wordB used, tlio sibyl will shino iu liur memory as a prophetess, white if slio doos not slio and hor triends will liavo forgotten tho unfulfilled prediction. But tlio pussion for guessing by rulo is a vory potent one, and occasionally, wo moro thsu suspeot, masters tlio seer, who thon becomes hopelossly inconsistent, tho things ho or slio wishes to predict getting mixoa witli tho things whioh, according to tho rulo, ought to bo predicted. It is desired to prophesy wealth, but tho linos of tlio palm iaoan poverty, or tlio linos of tlio wrist — an extension of tho art at which wo funoy tho forgotten Hiudoos or fire- worshipping Ghuldenns, -wlio invented tlio wholo business, would lmvo smiled— and so tho prodictiqn.comos out us poverty, to bo followed hy unoxpeoted good fortuuo. It is ii "il'y ganio, but not without its misohiofs. Thoro is a kind of scoptioul credulity which is most characteristic of our dny, whon people will boliovo anything nxoopt revolution, and think a wizard a far moro likely boing to exist than any sort of angol ; and wo fancy many a listener finds ids or hor judgmont of olmruoter warped hy au authoritative dictum, uttered with a protoaco of kuowledged dorivod from somothing moro to bo trusted thuu ox- perionoo. I'rodiotions, too, stiok in ' tho mind, und work thoir own fulfilment, some times with oifcots whiuli aro soriously in jurious. Tlio practice, too, though it would i u j ' "mk to much - of it, lias un doubtedly uno effect which on inuny minds is far from beneficial. It develops that taste for the indulgence of weuk woudor wluoli of all intellectual foibles , is tho ono thut most enfeebles tlio ' oharaotor, prematurely debauching as it docs' tho noblor nistinots of _ rovorenoe and faith. Tho fibro of tho mind is woakenol, nnd tlio " opou inquirer beoomes liablo to a moutal disease whioli may l>o host described as imbooilo oredulity, credulity whioh ia not faith, and is us impervious to oviaonoo as water covorod wi.thu film of oil is impervious to air. Tlio spiritualists, when thoy are sincere, at all ovouts sock something worth Booking, con crete evidonca of a future' state ; but tho tiovotecu of theso inothods of pueHtMuuf havo not oven tho oxouso of au end. If thoy oould aoo into tho future they would bo in no way the gainon, for tho very condition of itabeingtho futuro ih that thoy can neither hurry nor ro- M not. .in any way alter it. It baa boon said by koon observers that ono startling sign of tho approaching fall of a society is tho nao jk #ooptioiijin and suporstition at onco ; t? i SU wo are no pessiroista -about »whoru endless, .'symptoras '.appear wbiph -iaro. only-.: srin/doobf ;lt- oortainly true before>Rome fell and boforo tbo Rovolu tion engulfed tho udmirers of Caglioatro. 