JalUGGLER'S SECRET. Br FRANK BABRKTT, it.- r o' " The Admirable Lad" Biddy Fane," Tender" a Stnmse Ma Jr." " Fettered for Life," etc. CHAPTER XXI. rKBPLKXITY. c;r Henry did not return that mght-ashe had mi-cd I could not ooncciveof old Peter TK vh,» such » contemptibly insignificant inn" as O modem revolver, otherwise 1 ' Vj j;ave feared that the shot I heard had" r" ppoj by him, aud that Sir Henry was hit. . ' -wr-1 the shot rather to poachers in Sir .:p crererves, and hisabseneo to tho pur- it <irtii«n- All doubts aa to his. safety were fU ,.ve(j by his comifig over to the cottage the i!L---in" "morning soon after Psyche had gone BP to iler room for tho day. He was quite self-possessed; his mannfer indeed "as almost apathetic as he gave me his Sad and then dropped into the seat on the rXjn The only trace of that agitation which hsd unmanned him the previous eight was in the hazard, roil, and old expression of his fiee; iookeii like a gambler who has played lane and Inst ail. There was a shotiu the park last night, " he- bars"! ' you may have heard it. I thought daughter might be alarmed, and so went in. Quite as well you will say, seeing that I was no more lit to bo at large" than a maniac. She fcnew wljat was tho taatter with me, and bmusht me round as only she can," he re peated slowly, " as only she can.' Then otter » pause he continued/' One of thesedays, jlr. Thorce. you may know the value of my" diiiditer Ethel; then should you bo threatened vitii the loss o' her you wUl understand my feelinp. Fancy, if a "man came insolently to pou and said he loved jour wifo and meant to like her from you if ho conld, how you would feel towards that man ; and if in addition to that vour wife admitted the possibility of being taken from you, how you 'would feel towards the world." \- " You are speaking now of the love of a man for his wife." " Well, sir," he returned, sharply, ' may jjottho love of a father for his daughter be as oien and strong as that of a husband for hie wife. "The love I bore her mother is oon tared in mv daughter— all the lovo'of my heart." I lie turned his back apon me for a moment, then round the garden, he naked : I .i Where is she — that other unloved soul ?" I I explained how 6he slept during the day ,( I bein" unable to eudnre the light after living s»" I lonein darkness. I i. Twelve jears without light or love," he I nid viaWvmoved ; " a month would kill me. I She loves vou, Ethel teUs me." I ' That is only natural, as she knows ne ens I occurred tnvoa fhat she might he I vour wife t" . I " How could it accur to me, loving yonr I daughter as I do ?" .... . I He knitted his brows as he buried his face I in his hands, his otbvws westing on his I inoe. liaising his head after a minute's silence, I "It isn fright that the girl should live here I with von. I am not speaking from any oon- I ventio'iial consideration of propriety, but with I regard te tbs girl's future. Ton are I strengthening the tie of affection, which pro- I sently is to bsjsnappod. You ought te weaken I it, that when the shock comes it may not I break her heart." ... I "I hope te find her family or friends, until I then she mat star with mo." I "Not necessarily," he said, his eyes I brightening. " Let her come to us. Ethel I ij deeply interested in her. Let her dangerous I pfecuon for y«u be replaced by a love for a Aster." I i " With nil jny heart I cm wish Psyeha no I greater happiness than to live with your 9 daughter." "Itwosld be n healthier life for her,"' ha I continued with growing excitement. "She would get to know the world -ho is to live in. ; We could take her abr'-- " - you are bolting fahr friends."' He looked > i as he made I this1- vonaerfnl ex- 1 \ changed to .1 , it's face, but I -i his way to 1 n- a- pigeon. 1 of his I 7 mbid. elieve he I a eye q».v3if! ;>. tore mine, . 1 a a deep I ; t _ .. ild not 1 ,r«- - : : with his . .'. / . ovillook I himself" j. undersiandand I -i's feelings more than a Jan must not lose you at ouce a -.at have you done towards finding I ..ivr" a told hha ef tho advertisement I had inserted tad the answer I had received. a "You had no egicr answer ?" he asked. m "No." ;a "And what do yon propose to do now?" a " Advertise again — it I had no further notice ; : Lken ot the last. There may be r latter nt the ps'.-oftice now. I shall go over presently to a -jt" a "Yes, it's not unlikely. Some sharp lawyer , 1 P1? k-c his way to making money throuah'it. 'a jw nan who got rid of the child would be onlv "?Hoae may suppose, to claim her and I P1 her out of the wav more securely. Have V ,1 JOU thought of that?''' E . ' = , Y'es, I am not certain that I have not >i 1 ff Pved into the hands of that man or R.8 m agents." f I m ' ,iari>s-t5' yon have," he replied oalmlv, £ 1 iv SiD'V rj'c You se9 toe danger of advertising m g 1 It would be far safer to put the f 1 W0''-6 an3 a good solicitor ; do you P I Ur 80ct0r' r Andrews, at Bon- Is " AWMjbutnotat aH suited to an in- I hou of tliis kind. You had bettor leave fc; I t.iv.T'i 'n' -see Andrews and ask him who i I you lih",aian m Prolessl" t employ if I f J, "wph-d the offer at once. I' 1 «at"Ra ' U tako no further steps at- pre- I 1 ttyourha-ids to Ieavo i4 entirely ??' I ''Good." I"' 1 jj ,e.eui«lplea=eflwith my renewed confidence , f-. J Eloa-s „ ? w;,!i ieanmg forward, with his I: 1 hiter ,, 8 looking on the ground. I'- a laj 8 pause, without raising his I- 1 bTowS't W'-' S'nS up from the house It' I -"elu t0 course of the morning ; 1 Utter for Ps'-ofiice if there is any |r! I rtiSlw t0 t's' B'7'11" him the name to |l addressed, g: 1 injjlnnV i S s aettled," he said, draw- I I n'.ja . a"d rising to his feet. » Let I 10 Jou." reu something else I want to say f: ' 1 uPaud down the lawn. After a !:j I y i-ivus, he said : I;- 1 hasure iVti""6 -von liad found some sort of g. 1 tt?' lu t""S6 caves. AY hat do you value it It "fi 9 Joandspl' think about ten thousand ft I Brund in which the j| 1 ?" coriage on the cliff are your fe J fr twenty thousand i; ' l "'posesif', t ,.me have tho freehold aud fe 1 fc'es, ' \ a'I that is to be fonnd in the 1 Q' lbs trea9,j'r/f,rYouniay have found but part #1 "fcwfemet0 the rest." fc 1 ifssinii as snii a k"'fSain< and I may have W-: 1 ftainlv.o 38 1 choose ter paying." I" I "&iaaiid-vonl;,e6itate?"- ii I "It is ,J,0ar 1e!" seemed too generous." Ef ffocM 'r,o5ener!3- want those caves, paid twice as much to get "dfathsr inhabits the cottage," I II -; fc,'e plfeXf0 t065'-!. InaY Iive there as long M:" 3 took derange with him." fei > suge eontrdihVf 1 m silencev for his fei- v tpposile tho „ i "Y manner bewildered me. la .>tis ,,r d;ethestopi>ed;- - - fe/ iceove- ti,:. a. say %!!> said. W- ri fM<lT for ,.g evening. Tknt'dheque shall. m Yu- fe .ifl.eUtho C"APTER.XXn. ' ®.f£Ie o- j t"1? ad set _ we went to the Chase. l-'I Jldily than to pay this visit far Sev r A„, I aubcipated. sHCbrtoseeEtl,el?,iiBked' m-: CteV' shl g 0,6 fiaes'-ion. mfv- JJfs is bo nodding her head. fm Syon so m"' i want to askherthat I much to ti> lenrn. I can- h fwordi «n i - ou because I don't know and it niUM so,netimes I say the wrong Hl. ? foolish T nm SU aun'b. aud shows rue m think a great deal 8P il.,yo!Lme1w!iat?'ou think?". ttou'Wlistcii?,' I '"hink how beautiful it Wk yo1 ; and I think if ggfj words I ranld toiv to »n„, All rights reserved. - . m— — — — and make you happy— jnst as you make me happy. Sometimes f- 1 think I am no more than the little creatures in the garden that we forget the next day because they cannot tell us what they think and feel. And I want to be something more than .that, you know." There was a pathetic vibration m her voice as it sank in thiB last phrase. Then, m a firmer tone, she added," " So I want to see all that Ethel can do, and learn how to do it very soon — very soon." We met Ethel ami her father in the drive, and walked together through the flower "arden and the conservatories, there being still light enough to reveal th9 tints of the blooms even to ordinary eyes.- Under his daughter's influ ence Sir lienry was always'rcasonable, and at .most times amiable and interesting ; but this ' evening I was struck by the tender interest he took in Psyche. He devoted himself almost ex clusively to her, and botraved no symptom of jealousy or susincion when Bthel and I lingered m the rear. The manner of this extraordinary man was now as opposed to his brusgtferie of tho .morning as that to the quaking agitation of' the night before. . Selecting some of the blos soms that Psyche most admired, he arranged them with taste in a spray, gossiping at the same time in a simple way that she could understand, and fastened it- upon -her dress. Psyche was delighted, pointing out to me- that it was like the spray tnat-Ethol wore. " I had ho idea -the girl tras so intelligent," - he said to .me, when Psyche hail drawn Ethel away with fhe serious view she had in mind. " And how exceedingly sweet her manner is." I repeated what Psyche had'Baid in coming. " That wish of hers would he terribly pathetic if it were impossible to realise it," he remarked; " but, thank God, it may b« realised. She shall learn all that she wishes to know. I wfil adopt her as my own daughter." " If her rail parents are not found," I sug gested. _ j, "True, but I do not think they wiH be found," he said, in an odd, dry tone. " By- the-bye, there was no letter for you at Tewcr-j bridge. I saw Andrews this afternoon aud Kit' the case hypotheticaUy before him. Hem drs- tinotly of opinion that so far as tip girl's wel fare is aoncernod the best thing is to dmuothing. Tho great thing to be feared is that the man who put her nut of the way twelve yeaTS ago will get her into his hands again in order te put ber away effectually and for ever. There cam be no doubt that the crime was attempted with a mercenary motive ; tho chfld coming between ' this man and a fortune. If thai was se Psyche is still the rightful heiress, and moredongerous to the man now than she was as a child. At any rate it wcn'.d be most unwise to do any thing in a hurry. There is no necessity for haste. I intend, with the blessing or heaven," he murmured fervently, " to repair the wrong that has been done to that poor girl, and to he . to dra better friend than those who suffered her to be earned away." There was an awkward pause. I could not accouat satisfactorily to myself for the feeling of embarrassment that made me silent. " You ean't make it out," 6aid Sir Henry, observing my silence. " That does not sur- Srise me. To you it must seen that my con uct has been that of a maniac rattier than a sane man, and nothing must appear mora mad than my proposal to adopt as my daughter a girl I saw for the first time last night. Every effect is inexplicable until the cause that pro duced itstands revealed. Mv quickly changing moods are inexplicable. Belfeva mo, not one of those moods would appear more unaccountable than the phases in an eclipse if you knew of the shadow cast upon my life. That shadow is nearly past, thank God"! One of these days — not now — yon shall know aU !" As he spoke the last words ho opened his note-book and took out a paper, which he now pat in my hand. " That is the cheque for the property yen were good enough te let me have," ho said, in a tone of real gratitudo. " With it, Bernard., I give you permission to ask my daughter to be your wife." This was as unexpected as anything he had tet said or done, and his tone betraying none of hat bitter sense sf deprivation he had before displayed msdft tbs contradiction more ob vious. " lu givingyou my daughter," he continued, " you may, perhaps, find some reason for my eager desire to adopt Psyche." If I had not been blinded by a lover's emotion I might have found another reason, and Beeu that I was taking a bribe. AVs found poor Psyche in the library looking, with pained wonder, at an open book, and striving to understand that each collection of black marks meant » word, and that these words taken together told of' something that people wanted to know. From the book she looked round the room at the shelves from floor to ceiling, filled with similar bosks. , " Are they all the samo ?" aho asked. No, see, this is quite differeut," replied Ethel, opening another, aud telling her the .story it contained in a few easy words. But the story failed to charm Psyche, for she had a very serious object in making these in quiries. " Can you read them — all these little words m all these books ?" she asked in awe. Yes, Ethel can read them all, aud so will you be able to read them one of these days," said Sir Henry kindly. Psvche drew a long breath in silence. ' Then turning to Ethel, she said — " Now I want to hear, you sing a song with words." Ethel took her into the drawingroom, and sitting down to the piano sang a 'simple ballad to her own accompaniment. "Oh, that is beautiful," said Psyche, after listening in rapt attention. "I want to hear it again, . let ine do it." And seating herself before the piano she pressed the notes as she had seen Ethel press them ; but when nothing but discord cam© from her touch she drew back frightened, and looked round to sec if we were laughing at her folly. But the poor child's ignorance and dismay moved us in another way. " You wiU have to learn a long while, dear, before you can play," said Ethel, sitting down beside her and taking her hand. " I have been learning since I was quite a little child." When we left the house the stars were out. "Look, look!" cried Psyche, .lifting Ethel's hand in delight, " see, she wears dewdrops on her fingers." At a word from her father Ethel took the diamond ring off and slipped it ou Psyche's finger. It's a dewdrop that doesn't fade, and that von can keep for ever, and you shall wear It always, dear, for my sake." As Psyche sat by my aide in the night she held up tho ring and iooked at the glancing rays wistfully. " Brother," she said, " it doee not look so lovely on my hand as it did on hers. Sly fiugero are not so smooth and white as hers." " Working in the sand has spoiled them. That's all over now." " Yes, we shall work side by side no more." Presently she looked at the ring again. " Oh, it was kind of her to give it to me," she said, pressing the ring to her cheek. " She is all kind, and good, aud sweet, and beautiful. You don't know anyone in all the world more beau tiful and good, do you ?" "No, Psyche." "I don't think there will ever be one like her," she said in a quiet tone of conviction. . " Why, I thought you were going to be like her," I said lightly, hoping to change the vein of sacuess in which her thoughts seemed to be running. But the pleasantry was uuper- ceived. " No," arid she, shaking her head, gravely, "T can never he like her. I wassilly aud vain to think that. I know better now. I could never learn all those words — never sing as she does, for she has been learning since she was a little child — all the time I have been living in tho dark. I shall never be anything but a. silent 1 little creature of the garden her voice trem bled. " Talk to me, dear, just a little more, and let me listen, as I did in the cave when you first came to me aud I kuew nothing. Oh, it was food to know nothing then ; it is dreadful to now so little now. My heart is very full. I cannot speak." My heart was full also, hut I managed to speak cheerfully as I reasoned with her, show ing that our happiness did not depend upon our excelling all others, or there could be but one happy person in the whole world ; that no two persons are alive but each has some excellence which the other may lack without being less lovable; and other truisms of alike kind. .. Whether she followed my argument or understood it I cannot tell. Perhaps it was only the sound of my voice she heard while her thoughts were occupied with pleasant memo ries. But she seemed- comforted now and again, : smoothing my shoulder gently with her cheek as she dia when she was happy. I thought I might take advantage of this mood to prepare her for the coming change, so I spoke of our visit to the Chase, and the things we had seen. It pleased her to talk about the greenhouses and the gorgeous flowers in- them. " Bot it was so strange/' she said, in a tone of awe. , - _ "It will seem less strange and more beauti ful when you know them better. " " Are we going there again?" she askod, shyly. « We are going to dine there to- morrow- evening. Yon will like to go i" . , ' ' " AVherever you go I most like to go." " You don't dislike Sir Henry <r':v ' " Oh, no. I like him a great deal." . "Iam glad of that Do yoh know he wnta .-you to live with him always ?" " Why, I couldn't do that," she exclaimed, laughing. Then seeing ma grave, her snqla went suddenly, and she said with an accent of consternation, ."You don't Want mo to 'go away from you — you will not make me go to him?" " I'll not make you do anything, Psyche, that hurts you. You shall five with me as long as yon wilL" " Oh, my brother," she exclaimed, clasping my arm to her-breust Presently I said : " Would you like to have Ethel always for a companion and friend ?" "I do not understand that I cannot live always with her and with you too." " Not while wo live asunder as 'we do. Butif' I ask Ethel to live with ns and she says yes." " She will never say yep," Psyche said, con fidently. " Never, never, never I" I laughed and asked how she could tell that. " I can tell it by what I feel," she an swered. " When she looks at you and you look at her — when you speak low together as you did to-night, I coiild cry with the pain in my hearxi Then hew could she bear to see us sitting as we sit now, whispering to each other through the night with no "thought for any other ? No, no !— she could not do that. It would be too much pain. More than she could bear. Shs would rather live alone than see that yon are my brother and not hers." Hew eould I tell her that I loved Ethel more than I loved her? I rose, putting off a little longer the evil hour. Psydhe rarely came down from her room before sunset ; we were to dine at S o'clock, but Sir Henry had asked me to come in the afternoon. 1 was bidding Ethel good-night at that moment, and the mutual pressure of oar hands convoyed the feeling with which we looked forward to the meeting better my filtering tongue expressed. I went up to tho honse at 4, and after some general conversation Sir Henry excused him- ' Belt" and went into the library, leaving Ethel and me to ourselves. We strolled in the shade of the pine wood, and there I asked Ethel .to be my wife, and she came into my arms and I held her there ob livions of everything but the crowning happi ness ef my life. " Why are you eying, love ?" I asked. She raised her head from my breast and- showed me a face radiant with happinesei " Why should I cry ?" she asked. I was perplexed. I could have sworn that as I murmured my love over her bent head, kissing the .waving hair, I heard a smothered sob. It was getting dnsk when wo saw Sir Henry in tho drive. " I am going over to fetch Psyche — my other child," he said. I gave him the key of the door, eontcBt to stay with my love. Ten minutes perhaps had gOHe by when Sir- . Henry appeared again- in tho drive. Ho was alone and walking hastily. " Where is Psyche ?" he asked, when he was within speaking distance. '! I left her in the house when I came away. I heard her singing in her room." " She is not there now," he answered. " She is gone !" CHAPTER XXIII. the mellcy of heaven. " She is gone !" The words Btruckme with dis may. I concluded at once that old Peter had succeeded in capturing peor Psyche. He was net a man who threatened idly, as the murder ous attempt on the girl's life had already proved, f spoke uiy" rear to Sir Henry, and we ran to the cottage. "You have nothing to fear from him," ho replied, with confidence. " It is more probable that she has left the house as she did the other' day when she found you gene." This view was partly confirmed -in my mind when I found the back door unbolted. After taking a baaty glance in her room and round the garden we returned to the Chase. It was there she sought me before she knew wo were to dine at the house. It was natural to sup pose that she had taken the same path and wandered from the open drive into the deeper Bhadc of the park. Yet my heart sank with a fearful misgiving that the hope was delusive. AY e went up to tho house. Then separating wo searched the alleys of the park, calling " Psyche'' as we went ; hut no answer oame. I found myself on the spot where I had asked -Ethel to he my wife, aud taken her into my arms. Then noticing a thicket hard by, and remembering the sound of a stifled sob that had reucliou my ear, I felt convinced that it had come from poor Psyche's wrung lioart, and that she in seeing me embrace Ethel as I had never embraced her had learnt for herself what I had not found courage to tell her — that I loved Ethel more than I loved her. "My poor littlo sister," I cried, and waited with the last hope of hearing her sweet voice echo " poo little sister !" Not a brth broke the awful silence. Alone I went back to the cottage. I called her again aud again in the garden and went into the house to search i'u every room with blank hopelessness. Opening the door of my own room I found a trace of her that crisped the hair on my head. The room was strewn with fresh-cut flowers. There were flowers oil my pillow, and beside them ' the ring that Ethel had put on her finger. : ' lsat down unable to go further, for' this touching eouveuir was too significant to be mis understood. Our conversation of tho night before came back to me ; what sho had said in speaking oE the impossibility of Ethel's living with us upplied now to herself — " she could not do that. It would be too much pain. More than she could bear. She would rather live alone than see that you are mine and nothere." And she had found that it was for her to go away and live alone. But where had she wan dered ? I asked myself, starting up as I realised the necessity of finding the poor girl and soothing her stmken heart at ouce. . I did not fear suicide. Psyche scarcely knew what death was ; the possibility of self-destruction was beyond her imagination. Had sho simply gone along tho road, on and on, with no other object but to getaway from the place where it was too much pain to live ? No. lu her room I found a clue to her destination. There was a cupboard in which she kept, with a strange love, the relics she had brought away with her from the cave. The rough serge sack in which she worked by my side in the burrow, the shoes she wore when tho day's work was done, and a necklace of shells that I had ground ou a flint and threaded together- — they were gone, and beside her bed la' all the clothes I hud given her in her new life. I felt sure she had gone back to the cave, to live alone there with the memory oi tnose nappy aays.wnen her heart never ached. It struck me that amongst those things which 6he could not find words to tell rae about was some sort of premonition of this return. The old life was often in her thoughts ; but she had dwelt more than usual upon tho cave this lost night. Long after our conversation about Ethel she said: "Brother, do you re member the pretty thingB we carved in the wall of the cave. There was a piece you marked in black that I never had time to finish. Only a little more -and it woirid be oil finished," and later on alio said, "We have forgotten all about poor caw ; I wonder if he would know me again, and come on my sbouldcr if I called." With these recollections coming to my mind, I ran across the downs. There wus only one wav to the cave that he knew-; the way by which we hail loft it together, and that way I knew she would try to return by— not reason ing that the water must long since havo silted up the tunnel. I went down the gap ; to my consternation the water was up, ' and after fol lowing the shore some distance I was pre- vouted by the sea from going further. I ran back, up the gap. and aloug the cliff in frenzied haste. Beyond Daadman's Point I looked down. Tho light had so faded that I could barely distinguish the fragments of cliff strewed on the shore from the foam of the water beating amidst them. Presently I stood ou tho cliff just over the cavern and trained my eyes in the dark chaos of rocks and water below. It was there we had come out into the open day. A few jackdaws were wheeling round half way down ; their cry was to me a terrible omen. Then gulping down my choking emotiou I called, for the last time, " Psyche ! Sister ! Dear Psyche !" It may have been no more than imagination, and vet a cold awe chilled me to the heart as there seemed to fall upon my ears that swelling rise and plaintive fall ef the JEolion song ci my sweet little helpmate. - - . As I rushed back along the cliff I met Sir Henry. - " Good God, man !" he cried, " Y/hat is the matter, you, look like a ghost of yourself." " Poor Psyche is down there 1'? I answered- through my sobs; still running. " What do you mean, Thorne ?" ho asked, his voice almost as broken as mine. "She has tried to get back to the cave— I know it, I know it ! and the water has come up !" " Oh, God, have I this to answerfor, too !" he cried. We looked into the water like madmen, anil waded and sworn till the point was rounded, and then we got upon the sand aud again till we cauie among the -great boulders and ragged fragments of the fallen cliff. And there we found her— just a little beyor. i the receding waters in her dabbled dress. Her' hands were clasped tightly , upon the string , of — 8— — — — qpB— — — — 31 shells I had put about her neck in days when she knew no pain ; <"id now in her sweet child's face there was the Eame expression of innocent joy it had worn then. I' trust in God's mercy that at the last she forgot that there is suffering in this world, and died with the happiest memories she knew. CHAPTER XXIV. THE EXPIATION. She lies in the churchyard at Ecclesham. On the stone over her grave there is one wprd, " Psyche" — no more. Her loss was a terrible blow to all who had known her. Even my grandfather hobbled up to the grave aa we left it and dropped in the -flowers he had gathered for that pnrpoee. - Bat , the one most prostrated was Sir Henry Duncan. He looked Eke a man who never slept. Morally and physically he seemed unable to hold up his head, and walked as f he had risen from a bed of Sickness against his wish. His condition perplexed Ethel as much as it planned her ; it was less a mystery to me, for I was per fectly sure that in some way he was ieaponsible for Psyche 's waated Hie. " He has alwayB suffered from occasional fits -of dejection,' ? Ethel said to me. "And hitherto I have been able tb give him relief. But now my efforts fqil ; it seems as if -he-did- not hear- my voice. I) wish yon could persuade him to havo medical advice." Finding him alone in the park that evening, I told him what she had said. " Yes," he said, ' If is time I did something. I can't go on like this, blighting the happinessf of all I love. You ivill be over early to morrow morning ; tell her I have gone "to con sult the beat phyeician I know, -and shall act on his advice no matter what it is. I can't tell her myself ; she'd ask questions, and I have never told her a lie." He was absent tbe next day, and I- told Ethel what he had promised to do ; but I knew that he had gone no further than the rocks where Psyche perished, pud that conscience was the only physician whose guidance lm sought and intended to follbw. AVe met htm in tho even- \- ing as he was ooming home, bis hands behind him, his chin sunk ou his breast. "I've seen him, lovp,Y he said, taking Ethel's hand with more tenderness than he had lately displayed. "Says I need change.. Tells me I must go away as Soon as possible/' "I thought he would advise that," Ethel saicL " Where shall we go r" " I shall go alone," he said firmly.; and then - with an abrupt change, " whim shall you be married ?" " It'is almost too early to think of that," she replied, looking down at the crape on her dress. "I suppose conventional considerations must bo studied even in a quiet wedding, I should have liked te wait until you are married, dear ; but I don't think I mut 'delay this journey. I want- to avoid anything like a parting," lie continued after a pause, ' and so if I don't pat ' in an appearance one morning you must ndt be alarmed. My sister is coming down with her youngsters next week — perhaps I Bhall go then, perhaps before, as I can t stand children. Any how, 1 shall not say good-bye to you." One night at the end of the week after I had parted from Ethel, I found Sir Henry in the 'drive where he waited purposely for me. " Dwant to talk to you," he said, " lotus go on to the Downs. This path is the roost direct." We turned from tb ©drive, and walked ' in silence through the shade\£ " Do you believe in expiation, Thome ?" he asked, suddenly. "If you mean reparation for injury done — I began. He interrupted roe impatiently, " There are some injuries lliat can never be repaired. Do you believe that a man may get his soul out of hell by an act of seli-sacriUce — that is what I mean." " N#. To injure oneself for having injured another doubles the offence." " If a man may cry quits with society whon he has served ;his term in gaol for breaking society 's laws, why should not a man's con science be at peace when he has inflicted upon himself the punishment he deserves. -How else is he to get his soul out of that hell where the vulture of reproach tears at it night and day? There is no other way by which ne may hope to meet those he loves hereafter. ...... But for that ' fear of something after death,' " he continued in a lower tone, speaking to him self rather than addressing me, " the fear of finding one pale-haired, sweet- faced child,. and but for the hope of meeting- my dear daughter, escape from this purgatory would- be easy and quick enough." The park was bounded by a deep ditch.' We leapt it; but on the other side Sir Henry stopped as if it had recalled something to his : mind, aud instead of striking across the Downs, as had seemed his intention, .he followed the edge of the ditch till it run into a deep deft in Ihe cliff, where the drainage, was carried Off. The cleft was deep, but still not more than six or eight feet wide.at-'fiie surface, and it grew deeper as it weuti-dSoSn 'to the outlet on .the shore. Following ihe deft for some twenty paces Sir Henry slopped at' a point where tl.e turf showed that a load' of lime hod beeu thrown there. "I had lime shot in," he said, " becauso there is something deud and putrid down there. Peter Beamish is .down there. I" shot him through the head that night— j-ou remember ,-i" " Is that the crime you are going to expiate?" I asked. - . He -laughed hoarsely: .--"Crime!" he ex claimed. , " I think no more.of shooting that cursed villain through the head than ii'he had been a mad dog." ' ' He kicked a clod down, the- cleft, and, as it fell with a thud on the .lime that covered old Peter, he said : ' " Fancy a thing like that— a. vile, ignorant ruffian of ninety and odd, keeping me under his thumb for a dozen years, holding me at his raercy, threatening mydanghter with life-long disgrace. Willi alittle more wit he might have taken every penny of my ill-gotten fortune from me. You must know by this time that I am the man who gave him that chest to sink out at sea. Every meeting wo had was m the dark, and under a disguise I believed he could not recognise me — but ho did. He was Used to the night. It was pnrt of his old business to penetrate disguise and- know what sort of a man he had to do with. He told me how they had discovered her and brought her to life. Butuo bribe would induce him to give her up to me or tell rae where I could find her. Perhaps you r grandfather's mercj- hatt something to do wit!: that. He thought maybe that having tried to destroy her once I only wanted to get. her again to do the deed effectually. For twelve years that went on. Then I saw -your advertisement in The Times and answered it through a tirru of solicitors in London. When I learnt from them that the girl you had fouBd was the em id I had tried to murder I lost my head, and Peter : Be.-uuirii coming to me at that very moment for money, and with his usual threats of exposure, I defied lain to produce the girl, and so like a fool put him ou the scent. He had told ine that the child was a stout, healthy wench in service as a barmaid ; I expected to find her vulgar, coarse, robust. You can imagine the shock when I heard the truth, aud found the sweet, fresh little thing whose wasted lifu I hail to answer for. God knows I did not mean to bury her alive. You ask why I tried to kill tlia chiid ! I have brought you" here to tell. Not that I may excuse myself, but that it may lessen the child's Bhainc when the. truth is known. I married in direct defiance of uiy father's wish. He disinherited me. I— a spendthrift, and ne'er-do- well, who had never' occupied myself with one BCrious consideration, found myself uuable to earn a livjug. My wife died. Ethel was sick. My last guinea wus paid for the advice of a physician. He declared that Ethel could bo Bayed by being taken to Madeira for a time, butcould never live through the winter in this climate. At that juncture my father died, -leaving everything to "mi adopted infant, for he, like me, was a friend less, unlovable man. By a strange coincidence the adopted child was weak — not espected to outlivo childhood. My father knew this, ami left bis fortune to her with a reveiuion to me, simply as a means of prolonging my punish ment "a few years. Ana now this question was presented to mo : should I Buffer my own child to die when I might save lier fife by destroying the child who does not expect to live ? 1 did not hesitate an instant. My child was every thing to mo, the otlierwas nothing to anybody. I stole the child, and as I believed took her iite away with an opiate. I believed that she was dead when I gave her into the hands of Peter Beamish. May God deny me mercy if this is untrue." He paused, and thsu in a-softened tone he said, ' I do not wish to exonerate mv- self. . Time will show that I have paid the penalty for the woe I' brought upon poor un happy Psyche." --- » ; . » He did not return to the Chase. -Ef he! tried to believe that her father wae seeking relief from physical suffering abroad. A mouth ' passed, and we heapl no tidings oi him. One day my grandfather came -to me, with a scared look in his face. " Sonny," he said, in that hectoring toue he had learned from his father, You're got- to come along of me. You're got to put on your hat and ask no questions, but- just take what -I've got to give yon as we goee along." I put on my bat and went out witfi him. We turned in the direction of tho Half way-house. " I don't 'see much good in refurmmg/' he began as we trudged along. " Seems to mo if j you go a bit cut o' your right course at the lust start not' all the tracts ana total abstemia- ting in life ain't going to put you su-.ngut agen." ../ . - " What'd the matter ?" I asked. "You speak when you're spoke to, and not afore,' Bonny, or vou-'ll po wrong like the rest of the fambly." Having walked on some dis tance id silence to let this warning sink in he recommenced: " I duiK xi 9 w what's the use dn it all. Here's -father been out on -the loose pver a month and I navor come anigh me ; it don't signify anything .-(bat I ain't touched- so much as two-pennorta, and beeu cockin' my eye up at the testes all the while — here's more trouble. 'S if »it wnrn't enough dreamin' every night of tho yodng 'un, and wakin' up all a shiver aud a sweat thinkin' I'd forgot to -send down her victuals. It gets over me that do!" He stopped — hisoldcfiin twitched, and he looked out over the sea with blank dejection. The sight of his . cottage roused him. .He turned his quid over, and, knitting his brows, -said : " You're got to go down in that eave again, sonny." I. stopped short/chilled to the heart at- tbe very thought of-, revisiting- the scene, of poor. Psyche's Gaptivity. " Come on — you're got to go," he said, doggedly. "I'd go myself if I'd got the 'strength; and it ain't.the. fear of not comin' up agen stops- me.- -neither. I'd know what's the good of a old fellow Eke me a hanging dn in '' this world." AVho is down there ?" I asked, the truth flashing upon me. " He's aown there — Sir Henry Duncan." " How long has he been there ?" > " A month, sonny. He came" to me and told me I should have the old cottage as long as I lived if I served him ob I served the young 'un. And seem" it was kinder right and pious he should do by liimself as others had been done by through him I agreed to it. Day by day I've whistled to him — well, as near as I could'like I whistled to her ; but there warn't - no pretty ' song come back ; he emptied the bucket ! . though all right, bat with never a sound, till it come yesterday, and all day long I was calling him and a whistling, but no answer come, ana " this morning the victuals ' is iu the bucket- just; as I left 'em. So you've got to go down, : sonny, and see what's amiss." I went down sick with apprehension and tho \- dull pain' of awakenSd memories.' Ones more I Ht a candle aud grojied along the passage into'. ' the shadowy cave. ! , I found him stretched out dead upon Psyche's bed with the -evidence of Psyche's life about "him.' In the alcove over his head hung stripes of the coloured rags she hud hung there ; in the \- wall the scroll she cut ; in the sand a print of her little foot. Whntplnco, what mean- could "he have found more fitting for his terrible ex- ' piation. The clouds have lifted ; the sun shines now. Ethel is my wife, and wlieu I hold her baud in mine .1 feel that I possess aU the happiness heaveti eau give. . . Last night .we lingered iohg in the garden after the afterglow faded away; the heavens filled with stars, and we watched them in silent happiness. " Hush !" murmured Ethel, stopping. " Did vou hear it ?" A faint sound far- away roso and fell, and so died away imperceptibly. " There it is again," she' whispered low. " It is th'e first nightingale '" It sounded to my ear like the lo«t voice of Psyche singing of the new happiness of a new world. " Tub End. 