SUMMARY. The Partiellite whip has dined with tho Prince of Wale?. What a surprise tor tho Age and tho Atiquh ! Hennilcor. Heaton takes credit tor tho pro posed reduced postage. What about tho ghost ? .Rcsoigh Martin, clerk, is tho alleged libellous writer tor whoso scalp Commissioner Eddy is going. Ninety trades represented at Mclbourno eight-hour procession. Twenty-two trades represented in Sydney. Under which ilag, Protection or Foreign-trade, men of Now South Wales? If tho x>roposcd reduction in the postage takes place, that is, to 23d. per loz. on letters from N.S.W. to the United Kingdom, tho loss will be about LIS, 000 a year. \- Tho Nowcastlo Harbor Trust Bill, which is now in tho hands of one of tho Ministers, was discussed at tho Cabinet meeting on ."Friday, A derelict has been sighted in lat. 3Gdog. 21min. north, long, llklcg. lfiiniu. west. Engineer tor N.S.W. railway construction wanted. England, Amorica, and Australia plenso apply. It is likely a proposal will be submitted to Parliament for tho construction of a railway from Cobar to Coekburn, The South Australian Government does not consider the restriction of Chinoso immigra tion will bo prevented by the Western Aus tralian Enabling Bill. Hon. T. Playford, leader of tho South Aus tralian Opposition, who spoke out so strongly about federation, polled over 1000 votes, the largest number secured by any candidate in the general elections. Thomas Davis, a minor nt Clunes (V.), fell down a shaft and was killed yesterday. What does tho Herald mean by "a sup-' posed vessel in distress"? A bottle thrown overboard from the Gorman war vessel Sophie qouth of New Caledonia on December 20 last lias boon found on tho bouch nt Double Island Point lighthouso (Q.) A Mr. Spooncr, clerk in tho dotootivo office, Adelaide, lias been committed tor trial on six charges of embezzlement. Now railway station proposed tor Wont- worth Palls— cost i'lofiO. Tho Minister for Works intends to invito applications for the position of supervising architect in connection with the ro-arrange- meiit of tho architectural branch of tho department. The schooners Kent and Sussex, which havo been missing for the past two months, were lost in the J miliary gales. Bones of bodies from tho schooner Agnes discovered in tho saiid near Brunswick. Her crew all pol ished. . But one harmless drink. Toohey's Spark ling Amber Ale, manufactured from tho purest Jnalt and hops, will put fresh life into you. Look out tor tho label on tho hotel. Blacks speared an elderly man named Parker at Georgetown (Q.). Goodfellow, the Townsville land commis sioner, has beon ' again arrested on an addi tional charge of embezzling L100 of tho office money. Mr. G. R. Dibbs has suggested to the Mayor that the latter should convene a publio meeting at the Town Hall tor tho relief of tho sufferers by the floods. St. Patrick's Cathedral, Melbourno, is to bo finished to perpetuate the memory of the late Rev. Dr. Fitzpatriok, the foundor of the edifice. Thomas Parkinson, a commercial traveller, was found dead in Prince's Park, Carlton, yesterday with his throat cut. Suicide. The iliquest in connection with tho Wagga Wngga tragedy lias beon again adjourned in consequence of tho prisoner Smith's illness. The Commercial Hotel at Liliinur (Vie.) was burned to the ground last night. A branch of tho Trades and Labor Counoil is to be formed at Bathurat. The Dubbo Show, to be held next week, promises to be a great success. Abraham Clias. Turner saved a littlo girl named M'Grath from drowning at Wagga Wagga on Saturday. Efforts to import and grow the finest kinds of European and American oranges into this colony are proving successful up Parramatta way. Mr. Inspector Potter of tho Central Division . has been congratulated on his promotion by the council of Rodfern. Influenza has reached Iviama, and tho popu lace is siiuffiy. The Mayor will not bo banquoted and pic nicked until September. Tho decision of tho Queensland Marino Bonrd on tho Quetta wreck will bo given in a tow days. The trial of stono and stump gathering machines in South Australia was, practically, a failure. Tosoph Lazarus, a furniture-dealer at Hobart;, lias been found drowned. New Zealand does not intend to floAt a loan. The police and prisoners in Now Zealand 'avo suffering from influenza. The Eight-hour Demonstration in Mel bourne yestorday was the most successful ovo held. A commercial traveller named Thomas Parker committed suicide in Melbourne yes terday, when suffering from melancholia. The Victorian Government are considering tho advisability of seeking legislation during the coining season on fire brigades, infanticide, malpractice, metropolitan boards of works, and postal rates. On Monday evening rockets from a vessel supposed to bo in distress were observed from Warooka on Southern Yorlce's Peninsular (S.A.) The Nordeutsclier Lloyd mailer Kaiser Wilhelm II. sailed from Ciroular Quay at noon to-day tor Bremen. Iler departure was witnessed by a largo crowd. The Natural History Association were on the curio hunting at Green Point on Saturday. Tho inevitable jam tin was captured and labelled "Tiimiferum plmnjainicuni." This is a bad day tor tho grocers picnic, although it really ought to suit them to a " tea," there being so much water. Tho body of a woman named Mary Cross, of. the mendicant class, was found murdered in tho Domain at Hobart yesterday. A littlo horse play caused a serious explosion of gas at Lyttelton (N.Z.) yesterday. A largo stono rolled down a hill by three seamen struck a gasometer containing 12,GU0ft. of gas. Special Trains to Roschill on Thursday and Saturday will leave as follow : — 12 o'clock, first ancl second class ; 12.20 p.m., first-class; 12.28 p.m., second-class ; 12. 13 p.m., first and second class (pick up passengers at Strath- field) ; and at 1.40 p.m., first and second clasB. Tho Imperial Manufacturing Company's Pudding Powders mako ricli and delicious puddings, without eggs, at half tho cost. Daniel Hogan and Co,, A..T.S, Bank-build ings. ; Pebble folders, 5s. ; pebble spectacles, Ds. ; tinted terescopie spectacles and folders, 5s. Large assortment. Crushed Maize, 3s. Gd.; Chickwheat, 3s. 3d.; best Chaff cut, screened, aud sifted daily at J. Toohey's, Glebe and Aborcrombie Btrects. Imperial Manufacturing Co.'s Portable Lemon and Orango Calvesfoot -Tolly. These .Tellies havo been carefully manufactured, from the best and purest materials, and are made and ready tor use, so that any lady can propare thein without trouble in a few minutes. Each packet makes half a pint of an appotising and liutritiouu jelly. Company's offices, 77 Claronce- Btrcet. Smokers will do well to noto that the latest and greatest success of tho T. C. Williams Co., Richmond, Va., is tho "Jubilee Sovereign " brand of aromatio jilug tobaaco, which is now landed and may be obtained from all tobacconists. It is a mild, cool, and delicious smoke. You cannot show greater wisdom than by (electing a piano at W. H. Paling und Co.'s, Limito.l, the oldest established house m the trade. Best display ; lowest prices ; easy terms. Tho lightness of cakes, scones, &c.;, mado with "State Baking Powder," is simply marvellous Imperial Manufacturing Co.'s Portable Jollies are carefully prepared from the purest materials, and are delicacies that an epicure would covet, but are now within tile reach of everyone as they are sold for (id. per packet. ICnch packet makes half a pint of a rich, appe tising jelly, tiiat any lady can prepare in a few minutes without trouble. Tneso jellies are flavored with raspberry, pineapple, almond, vanilla, &c.;, &c.; Company's office, 77 Olaronce- etreet." 