DISCOVERY OF GOLD AT BENDIGO. The following interesting debate, which took place in the Assembly on Wednesday, on the discovery of gold on Bendigo is from the ''Argus": Mr. B :That a select committee be appio,ntr,] to h.ijuiio into and i^j.ort- upon the c:;.mjsof }.}■ n y l Y<»eha:n, of Richmomi, as ciis COV^l'i-r of Iji^li'.l igo guili lieli!, Mich cOIlill]iltt-.e to census ..f Mr JV:»iete, Mi-. Buirowes. Mv. Cameron, Mr. Foster, Mr. Gordon, Mr. A. Young, and the mover, with power to send for persons, papers, and records, and to report the minutes of vidi- uce from time to time—three to be the quorum." There was reason to believe that the information supplied to him about Mr. Frencham's claim was very reliable indeed. In November, Iti'il. Mr. Frencham and and his two two mates left Castlemaine and went to Bendigo. At Gib- son's station, now Ravenswood, they did some prospecting, and discovered gold in payable quantities. One of Mr. Frencham's mates returned to Forest Creek and told the news with the result that a great rush took place. On the th December, i.'i, JS.il, Captain Hall arrived " '".l1 a and camped on the banks of Kenriigo Or-ek. The discovery of gold at l>n dign was reported in "The Argils " of ISrh 1 >e eein'oer, 1S51, and on the ^Sth December Frennhain brought a large quantity of gold from the new i:.-id to >or,s; Creek. Mr. Win. Welch, one of the oldest living residents of Sandhurst, had written a letter in which he declared his conviction that Mr. Frencham was the discoverer of gold on Bendigo, and Mr. Welch was a gentleman upon whom every reliance could be placed. It was fair for him 'Mr. Bailes) to say that he had also received a letter from a Mr. Farrell, who claimed the distinction of being- the fiist dis coverer of gold at Bi ndigo. Mr. liei]n<_tr. seconded the motion. Mr. L>. M. Davies still that the whole argument of tlie mover of the present motion might be answered at once by pointing out, that so far back as ISM a board was appointed to consider all claims ill regard to the discovery of gold in difteient parts of the colony, and that board hail male certain awards. Surely from lS.il to 1SU1 was a biitlicient time to enable anyone who claimed to be a discoverer of gold to m ike his claims known. Unfortunately, the gentleman who was mentioned in the present motion was not tile only claimant, and if the door was onc.i opened there might bo innumerable claims of a similar kind. The names of two or three people had been submitted to the de partment Whose claims in regard to Bendigo seemed to be quite as strong as those of Mr. Jrenchani. One was Mr. Farrell, and another a Mrs. Kennedy. Mr. Freneham's claim had been put before several previous Ministers of Mmes. and as three of those Ministers represented Sandhurst it was to beinferrcd thatMr. F.encham's claim received every consideration. The proposed urpnry could have no g.-od result, as it could elicit no facts that were not already known to the de partment. Mr. McIntyre regretted that the Minister of Mines had seen fit to take up such a position. It would be most interesting to be able to decide who had discovered the greatest alluvial goldfield, pro- bably in the world He ,Mr. McIntyre) was on Bendigo himself in the middle of 1852. Bendigo Creek was originally known as Bandicoot Creek and the belief was that a shepherd and his wife who tended sheep along the creek set themselves to fossicking for gold in the crevices of the rocks and that they were really the discoverers of the field. This old couple had now disappeared. Mr. McLeKan said he was in possession of in formation respecting the discovery of gold in Ben digo. He w.is m a posi' ion to supply the names of several witnesses who Were present at the first rush along with himself (Hear, hear.) In No v em Pel, 1N>1, he, with four other young men, was mining at Barkers Creek, not far from Castle maine, when they received information that there was a rush further on towards Bendigo Creek. Freiic!rini"'i;S' T'"lt rul,ort was ~s"lU>lied by Mr. M'Lellan: Freneham's name was never mentioned. J.ho man who made the discovery was ci s.iepneru. IMr, M'Intyre: Hear, hear. Mr. M'Lellan : In the end that was all the in formation that could be supplied. The man who dug first at Uolden Gully, on the site of Bendigo was a Captain Harrison, with one l arm and three *ons. (Laughter.) This Cap "?j i'iirn-on vvas now in Melbourne, and could s-ive a committee fuller information He was snrry to have to make this statement,because lie had known Mr. Ireuchamfor a very lone time, having first met him at Anderson's Creek in ls>o4. Up to that tune Mr. Frencham nad _ not devoted much of his time to mining; or if he had, it must have been in some corner a way from the general run of nnrtHr 1U)' -T^Tf B Be,ld^° ffoldiield, and to^,K out a considerable portion of gold- and there vvas not a word of truth in Mr. Welch's letter about Mr. I' reticham being the first to t-ike cold in C istiemaine. He (Mr. M'Lellan) took 2,i lbs of gold towards Castlemaine, and, arriving night, he lay with the gold on a hilltop rathe thau go down amongst the tents with it. He wax a miner at Forest Creek when the first rush to Bendigo look pUce, and he had satonseveral com imctets or that House to inquire similar cUuirs* and it was very singular that Mr. Frencham had not pushed his claims before now. He cid not wish to injure Mr. Frencham, bus simply spoke in the interests of truth and of the colony. " Mr._ Woods said it would be impossible for the committee to confine its investigations to one claim "'her mining: representatives had been flooded with claims of this sort, and if the committee vvas appointed with such extended ppvvers he vvoulo guarantee its work for four years (Laughter.) ' Mr. CravesthoughtitstrangethatMr.M'Lelkn : had not recorded, in the Mines department, all the valuab.e information he possessed. The Min me department, a short time ago, published a paragraph to the effect that ,6 was extraordinary that the discovery of Bendigo, one of the richest gjld fields, had never been claimed; and that brought all those claimants to the frout The motion did not pledge the Government, to the expenditure of ono farthing, and the committee might bring to light an imp:r tant historical fact. ^ Ha had never heard of Mr, Iirenchams claima till now. He (Mr Graves) kneiv that the particular station on which gold was discovered was lea-ed by Mr Feritnn and the name of the shepherd who got the gold,' and how the discovery _o/ crold was concealed in order not to interfere with the shearing. It would be interesting to know whether those statements cad any foundation. Mr. M'Lean said Mr. 'Fenton had repeatedly shovvn him entries in the old station books show the 'hephwd °n " he 'lad b°Ugbt ^°'d from 3Mr. Graves : The 2Sth February, 1851. Mr. M'Lean : And the discovery vyas sun prss^d b. cause Mr l^nton was afraid the men would leaxe the ivoolshed and go after gold Tf the committee was appointed the claims of Mr lenfcon ot any other person should be inquired Mr. Patterson pointed out that the Government wa who could be proved the discoverer of those gold fields. Money awards had already been distributed and he wondered whether the persons who got them would refund them. He, himself, thought the money ought to be given to the hoa. member for Ararat. (Laughter.) Committees were not appointed to discover historical facts which might be disputed by hundreds of people Thi« wa» not like the case of Mr, Hargreave« for it clafm ^ Sb0W° tbat Mr" had Ly Mr. Laurens objected to all claims of this nature. How was it that in the long period th-.r bad lapsed Mr. Frencfaam's claim^had not been made to previous Parliaments? Tbat was ««.„• cious; and provoked a thought' that if the claim i vvas jusnfiable it would Ijave ^ieen made Ion- ere now. • ® Mr. Armytage, as a native lustrdian, had really more interest in this matter than those gentlemen who did not see the value of the inquiry because there was no money hanging to it It wis of some interest to Aus ralians to kunv who were the authors of their prosperity. Mr. M'Lel'an had given theis some most interesting information about the old days. M'Lellan and others w-re passing away from amongst them. Mr. M'Lellan: No fear. (Laughter) Mr. Armytage really ' thought it' was the squatters who were the founders of our prosperity seeing it was an employe of a squaiter who dii' Ciivured the gold. Mr. Dixon agreed thai it would bo mc$t inteiesting to lcnow viip were th« real pioneers of tho goldfic-lds. He wae Que of four now living who went to Ballar?t the firat tiling :ift. r the discovery of gold. They ar rived in Kallarat on 11th August, 1851, and at that time there were only about 20 people there. It was even then a question of doubt who dis covered gold at Golden Point and Black Hill, and it would l?e ftiuch more difficult to find the dis coverer of Bendigo. The squatters were not so much entitled to .credit aj Mr. Armytage sug gested. He (Mr. Diyou) kue\v hoy tho squatter who owned the statio.u ,ot> which J2j,llar,at m sj tu ated refused to suppiy the diggers with mutton and tried to starve them out. " " ' " Mr. Armytage: You would not ha to discovered the gold had the squatter not been there. Mr. Dixon: If there hnd been no colony none of the# would hive been there. (Laughter). For liis part he Vvjul.d like to have tbe committee ap pointed. " " • Mr. Wheeler had ;beeja Jookjng over the report of the.commission which sat jii 1^6f to inquire ittto the claims of gold discoverers. He ail) opt, rise to oppose the motion, because be had no ob jection to evince being taken. An advertise ment was published jn 18S3, caPing on persons who deemed themselves ,€1?titled to rewards for discoveries of gold to send ip their plaims. The roport gava the names of those who received re wards for discoveries of gold, and amongit others was the name of Mr, Hargrea.ve?, "who \vas awarded £2,500, though the sum pub down in the report wan £2,3?!. When the Hon. Angu3 Mackay was a member of the House he brought forward Hargreaves 'claim, and stated that tha sum awarded had not been paid. Mr. M Intyre : Only one half of it wag paid, Mr. Wheeler believed that very little of the award went into Hargreaves' pocket. Mr. M'Lellan: We owe him £2,000 now honestly. Mr. Wheeler only desired to show that the com mission referred to'had /*«< with all discoverers, and that when an advertisement t>q.d appeared call ing on all who had ciaimB to send their, in, all who deemed themselves entitled to reward should have complied. Mr. G. D. Carter thought it bad been truly said that gratitude was a lively senEe of favors to come and this country wonld be likely to show its grati tude to future discoverers rather than to past ones. The law had decided that there was a statute of limitations, and a man who slept on his claims for so tuoay years should Bhould not now be able to enforca therti. If hon. members were to allow these claims they jvould pome up like the ghosts in Macbeth, and the' Hous? would never get rid of ttiem, ' One of tlie ffhosis bavptpd that House for yi-um wv.s Jlr. II.irgie.ivs.-. and h-J go5 his rewaid. Tim reward iio would like— and lie would not come to Parliament with a cluitu—would bo to discover n new gold-field in Victoria. No nitii could i;eek a better reward than thai. They would h e auraeouu putting in a claim (or discovering Uio lost chord, the uorth wvst j'.issatre, the mis.-.ing link, the South Pole, or who w.is to ba the Postmaater-Oeueral. (Loud laughter.) The lion, member for Grant, was goo.l enough to say something about Australian natives. He would suggest that the hon. member shnuM move for a committee to discover who was the discoverer of the first Australian native. (Laughter.) It was time the Housa set it3 face against) the claims of discoverers of past gold fields. The House divided on the motion with the following result:— Ayes 45 Noes 30 Majority for the motion ... ... 15 