(Irumbs. Dubt. Wind. ^ Theatre. Fizzling. , Garner's. Bicycle sports to-morrow. A most law-observing peoples Five cigars a day as a sedative. Barometer at noon today, 29'G4. Bank of Adelaide div. 7 per oent " Don't forget to register the baby."" Wonderland—only two more nights. The Chinese never forgive an injury. Terrible punishment of the Grenadiers.- Thirty-six races on the Oval to- morrow. Last night of "She Stoops to Conquer." Big events on Adelaide Oval to- morrow. Grenadiers attacked by fatal enteric fever. A remarkaWe invention—the Giffard gun. Cyclorama to be illuminated by electricity. Who will win the Ten- mile Championship? Townville Unionists are returning^ work. The Premier goes for life-long consecratioh. Parkes's Government is not a happy family. A vigorous effort is being made to get at the coal. Spence, the condemned prisoner, canuet sleep. Siege of the coal mines is like the siege of Paris. New Zealand has seen the Sedan of the strike. Kapnnda and Clare have been enjoying good Shows. Hop conserving the purity of the legal profession. Mayor Kestel will be in apposition to his Tucker. Parents should register the births of their children. Victoria Racing Club wants a Stipendary Steward. Parson Hall Angus leaving Goodwood for Victoria. - China as a political factor is well worth studying. Cadets' camp to be hdd in Victoria. in November. Trial of Westinghouse brake on Northern line to-day. Captain Gilmour got a sympathetic verdict from his peers. Davis (S.A.), Lewis (Vic.}, Kerr (N.S.W.?, will fight it out. The young native men mashed tlie native ladies last night. Tom does not believe in-taking the hand 1 from the plough. Tom is between two seas, Sir John and Hop ; neither satisfied. Once a market gardener always a market gardener with Tom. Salvation Army will take possession of Adelaide to-morrow. Another big circus in Melbourne. It will bo here when money is free. China never forgives an injury. What has that to do with Australia? North Adelaide Congregational Twentieth Floral Exhibition to-night. A Science Scholarship worth £159 a year in 1892 for a South Australian. General Bengough believes a battle can be won by a victory over corns. How those Melbourne Freemasons speak in honeyed tones to each other. Portonians will have a talk to-night aboufe the New Year's Day Regatta. Backboned McMillan and " Spruce" Smith are a bit tired of the choppy old man. Sun rose at -5.27 a-m.; sets at G.10 p.m. Moon rose at 3.48 a.m.; sets at 2.35 p.m. Rev. W. R. Fletcher's energy will never allow him to rest outside of printers' ink. A Charter Towers miner tried to introduce Mexican revolvering. Police unsympathetic. The insubordinate- Grenadiers were sent to Bermuda. There death awaited some of them. Population of China variously estimated at between 282,000,000 and 413,000,000—lots of margin. Mr. Gillies is beginning to think that it istime the Government tried to bring about a> Conference. The dog in the manger policy of those who cannot enjoy free education and won't let others have it. The Trades' Hall leaders are extremely gratified at the wonderfully liberal response for the strike fund. To get the maximum of profit with the minimum of punishment carry on in a high and Jenner-al way. That death-sentenced prisoner in Pahnerston Gaol objects to smoking cigarette tobacco, asbeing too weak for his nerves. Mr. Paterson, the McMillan of the Gillies Government, does not love Mr. W. E. Murphy, the Secretary of the Trades' Hall. There is more saving virtue in one quick, stern reproof than in an hour of aimless soolding. A scolding woman is a constant thorn in the flesh. Nothing is so much like malioe as the wit of others, and nothing so much like wit as our own malice. Spl«en has pointed moreepigrams than wit. If Messrs. Imray & Adams intend to run all over the papers with correspondence, there will be a fine opportunity for the Editor to try . the brakes. The Beetaloo Dam employes washed down Success to the Undertaking" when the last) load of cement was put down for the by wash, wall yesterday. Both Sir Henry Parkes and Mr. Gillies have managed to get good words from the Unionists, while their colleagues earned the gratitude of the employers. A large number of English, French, anl German men-of-war are visiting Australian waters. A coincidence that the visit should be at the height of the strike. No poet of high rank, as far as I know, ever disbelieved in the future state. He might fear that there was none, but that very fear was faith.—George Macdonald. Unselfish sympathy is admirable. Miss Kaowles, who recovered £10,000 damages from the matrimonial agent for breach of promise, received, within a few days of the verdict, several offers of marriage from unknown sympathisers. Mr. Hancock (says the Melbourne HeraM\ complimented Mr. Gillies on the attitude he has assumed during the strike. "He has shown himself," said Mr. Hancock, " to be a true statesman, and I believe him to have been in every way fair and ju6t to both sides." Dr. Gautrelet, of Vichy, has discovered that by inserting in the pipe or cigar holder a piece of cotton wool steeped in absolution of pyrogallis acid all the ill effects of nicotine will be neutralized. Tlie miBchief frequently caused to heart, mouth, and fierves is thus prevented, while the taste of the tobacco remains unaffected. Memorabilia.—The ancient Romans celebrated their annual Ramalia, or festival of vine boughs, on October 10. The Battle of Potidisea and the surrender of its inhabitants took place October 10, B.& 432, or thereabouts. The siege is memorable on. account of the prowess displayed by Socrates and Alcibiades. It was there that the philosopher saved the latte^a life. For the heroism displayed by Alcibiades thereat he was awarded a eroym and a suit of armour, given by the Athenians at the suggestion of Socrates, but to whom it was more justly due. Subsequently at Delium Alcibiades, in his turn, saved-the life of Socrates^ And undoubtedly the friendship of these two eminent men forms one of the moBt- extraordinary instances of mutual respect and iffoctiou recorded in the history of the world as having existed between two celebrated men of entirely opposite characters. The lion and the lamb, you know. Obituaries.—Among the illuBtrous actors on the stage of the " wide wide world" who made their exit on October 10 were the following:—Henry Airay, a cultivated and talented Puritan, departed this life 1616, aged 56.—Dr. John Blow, musical composer, organist of Westminster Abbey, gave up the ghost 1708, aged 68.—Dr. David Gregory, Professor of Mathematics ab the University of Edinburgh, and subsequently Professor of Astronomy at Oxford, quitted this sublunary sphere 1710, aged 49.—William. Earl Cowper, the famous English lawyer and statesman, went " the way of all flesh," 1723. —John Henry Schulze, physician and Professor of Rhetoric and Antiquities at Halle, was relieved from the burden of the flesh, 1744.— John Potter, Archbishop of Canterbury, quitted this mortal frame, 1747, aged 73.— Richard Robinson, Archbishop of Armagh, followed suit, 1794, aged 85. 