CUAPTKU XXIU. TllK MKnCV 01' IIIUYEtf. “ Show gono !” Th* words struck mo with dis may. I concluded at ouco that old rotor hud succeeded in capturing poor Pay die. Ho was sot a man who threatened idly, res the murder ous attempt (»u tho girl's fiiV) had idrcady proved* i apoKo my tear to air Henry, and wo ran to the cottage. ' “ You have nothing to fear from him,” ho replied, with couJhlcnc*. “ It is piore probable that ah* has loft tho houea aa aho did tho other day when aha found you geno.” This vfetrwc* partly confirmed in iny mind When X round tho back door unboiled. Alter taking ft hasty glance Jit her room and rouml the garden we returned tn tho Chaw. . It was there sho sought mo before whe know wo wero to dine ut tho Jimwo. It was natural to sup* pose that sho had taken tho same with ami wandered from tho open drive into tho deoper ehiido of tho park. i et my Uoart sank with a fearful misgiving that the hope wuo delusive. We went up to tho house. Then separating vre searched thu alloys of the park, calling 44 l'syeho" as we wont; bnt no anawor came. I found myself on tho spot whore I had asked 1 Ethel to ho my wife, and tuken her into my arms. Then noticing a thicket hard by, and remembering tho sound of a Btillcd sob that had veachea my ear, I fult convinced that it had como- from" poor Psycho’s wrung heart, and that sho in seeing mo embrace Kthelaslhul nover embraced her had learnt for herself what I had not found conrugo to tell her—that I loved F.thel more than I loved her. ‘• My poor ltttlu sister/' I cried, and waited wtlh the lgst hope of heat in" her sweet voice coho 44 pour little sister!” Not n biv'Hli broke t h oawful si Ion eo. Alone l went back to the cottage. I called her again ami again in tho garden and went into tho house to aonrch in every room with’ blank hopelessness. Opening tho door of my own room I found u truce of her that crisped Uio Tho room was strewn with frosh-eut flowers. There wero flowers on my pillow, and beside thorn tho ring that Ethel had put on her I°sat down unable to go further, for this touching souvenir was too significant to bo mis understooi. Our conversation of tho night before came hack to mo ; whut sho had said in speaking of the impossibility of Ethel's living with us applied now to herself—“ she could not do that. It would ho too much pain. More than she could boar. Sho would rather livo alone than see that you arc mine and not hers." And sho had found that it was for iier to go away and live alone. But where had she wan dered ? I asked myself, starting up us I realised tho necessity of lidding tho poor girl and soothing her stricken heart at oueu, I did not fear suicidu. Psycho scarcely knew whut death was; the possibility of self-destruction was beyond hor imagination. Hail she simply gone along tho road, on aud on, with no other object but to getaway from tho pluco whore it was too much puiii to livo 'i No. In her room I found a duo to hor destination. There was a eupboaid in which sho kept, with a atrango love, the relics sho had brought away with her from tho cave. Tho rough sorgo sack in which ahu worked by my side in tho burrow, the shoes sho wore when tho day’s work was done, and a necklace of shells that I had ground on a Hint and threaded togolhor—they wero gone, ami beside her bed lay all tho clothes 1 hud given her in her now life. I felt sure she had gone back to tho cavo, to livo alone there with tho memory of Lhoeo happy duye when her heart never ached. It struck mo that amongst those things which alio could not Und words to tell mo about was some sort of premonition of this return., Tho old life was often in hor thoughts; but aim had dwelt maro than usual upon tho cavo this last night. Long aftor our conversation about Ethol sko said ; “ Brother, do you re member tho pretty things wo curved in tho wuli of tho caw. There was a piece you marked in black tluit I never had tiino to finish. Only a little moro and it wouitl ho all finished," und inter ou sho said, “ We have forgotten all about poor caw; I wonder if ho would know nm again, and come on my shoulder if I With these recollections coming tn my mind, I run across tho downs. There wai only one way to tho cavo that ho know ; tho way by which wo had loft it together, and that way I know aho would try to return by—not reason ing that the water must long since huvo silted up tho tunnel. I wcut down the gap ; to my consternation thu water wna up, and attur fol lowing the shoro some distance I .Was pre vented by tho aca from going further. I ran hack, ap the gup, ami along the cliff in frenzied haste. Beyond DoadmauVPoint I looked down. Tho light had so faded that I could barely distinguish Uiu fragments of cliff Btrowed on the shore from tho foam of tho water boating amidst them. Presently I stood on thocliiT just over thocivern ami trained my eyes in tho dark chaos of rocks ami water below. It was thoro wo had come out into the open day. A few jackdaws wore •wheeling round half way down; fhoir cry was to mo a terriblu omen. Then gulping dowu my choking emotion l called,, for the last time, 44 Pavclio! Sister,! Dear Psycho!” It may havo boon no moro thau imagination, and yet a cold a wo chilled mo to tho heart ns thoro scorned to full upon my oars that swelling rise and plaintive fall of tho iEoliau song of ray. sweet little helpmate. As I rushed back along tho elm I mot Sir II“n2oodGod, iuau /’ ho-cried, “ Wliat is tho mattor, you look like a ghost of yourself.”. 44 Poor Psycho ia down there !”I answered; ' through my sobs, still running. ; ’ *' u What. do.you mean, Thorne r" lie askeu, hts voice almost as broken as mine. 44 Sho has triad to got back to tho cave—I know it, I know it l and the, water has coino ,UPm Oh, God, lmvo I this to answer for, too !”; ho cried. .... , , Wo lookod into the water like mndmen, and waded und swam till tho point was rounded, and thunwo got upon the flaud and again till wo came among the great boulders and ragged fragments ol the fallen *cliff» , And there wo found hor—just a little beyond tho vocoding waters In her dabbled dress. . Her bauds were clasped tightly upon the string of sheila I had|put about her nock iii days when she knew m>,paui; and now In hor sweet child's taco there was tho same expression of innocent jay it had worn then. I trust in God's morcy that at the last eho foreot that there is suffering in this world, and uied with the happiest motnories ahbknoir. 