DRAMATIC. "Macbeth" on the Lyric Stage. " Macbeth '* has often been made to appear ridiculous enough in what may be termed the orthodox way; but the operatic versions of the tragedy have been the most absurd of all. The music of one was composed by Verdi. Verdi's "Macbeth" must not be confounded with Che lard's " Macbeth," originally performed at tho King's Theatre (now Her Majesty's) in 1832 by the German Opera Co., who then also gave the first performance in England of Beethoven's " Fide lio." with Madame Schröder-Devrient in the chief part. Chelard was conductor of this troop, and his "Macbeth"achieved nosuccess whatever,although it provoked the satire of the critics of the period, owing chiefly to the fact that, in order to impart "local color" to his music, the composer had introduced into a ballet the melody of " Auld Lang Syne." Verdi's " Macbeth " was produced j in 1847 at Florence, where it had little or no suc cess. It is an item of operatic history that shortly afterwards the work was given in Venice, immediately before the Revolution there, when a Spanish tenor named Palma (who played Macduff with at ricolored cockade in his hat) nearly provoked a premature revolutionary explosion by bis singing of the lines commencing " La patria tradita," the words of which, it is not generally known, were anonymously written by the great Italian poet Andrea Maffei. Of what Verdi's "Macbeth" oonsists may be judged from the fact that the librettist places in the first act a chorus of witches, who deliver the prophecy to Macbeth and Banquo, that the act also contains a cavatina for Lady Macbeth, and a duet sung before the murder scene, and that in the second act Macbeth sings a brindisi at the banquet. Verdi attributed the failure of the work to Piave's libretto ; and conse quently in 1865 a new and still less Shakspeiian book was written by Messrs. Nuit ter and Beaumont for presen tation at the Tueatro Lyrique, Paris. For this revival Verdi specially wrote a ballot, which was, I believe, danced in the scene of the appearance of Banquo's ghost, or perhaps on the ramparts of Macbeth's castle, immediately before the advance of the forest to Dun sinane. 