MUSIC HATH CHARMS. (By Di Yeexox ix the Argonaut.) There are more atrocities committed ip the name of music than in any other one' of the fine arts, or, indeed, in any calling- or profession. The law will interfere if a man seeks to maintain a nuisance to his neighbor. The mooly cow has been banished from the contracted precincts of a city hack yard, and the pig has been forced to take himself and his engaging grunt to the outskirts. Toot horns have been the subject of muni cipal ordinances, but wben it comes to ts music,".fcthe citizen of this great and I glorious republic can obtain no redress at her | laws. Any one may hire a piano, if she cannot own one: anybody may take lessons, although there may not he the ghost of a | chance that she will ever he able to do more ' than drum mechanically or hang furiously. This must be borne in silence. AVhilo it is I a ravishing- delight to listen to the melo dious strains of some human song bird, to be uplifted on the soulful waves of sound rising j from some vast orchestra, 'most of us prefer to take: out music when, we'pay for it, and not have it dinged into our helpless, suffering ears morning, noon and night. , Only those who liave been aroused from their first sleep, Late at night, by tbe unmusical notes of the cracked piano in the next house, or who have been robbed of.. their last and most refreshing morning nap, can understand the blessedness of silence, of utter cessation of sound. The amateur musician is the greatest offender in respect to practising at unseemly hours. The young person who j imagines that she has a voice divine in its quality, wonderful in its ' sweetness,"" and i ready for.utterance, spends ■ -her dimes and her ducats to enrich the coffers of tho most gigantic of frauds, the society music teacher, who artfully inspires each pupil with the i conviction that he or she is to' astonish 'tho | world. And at the same time that the great teacher is developing this marvellous voice, he lays an injunction upon - the credulous pupil not to sing before any one. The reason alleged is that by singing while away from the controlling influence of the master the pupil may develop a false method. The real reason is that it is easier to play upon the credulity of the dupe when no one else hears the voice and gives a contrary opinion, or leads the pupil to ques tion the wisdom of the method. Such was the plan of a famous teacher in this city. His name was strangely like a profane ex- . pletive, and his method wasasbig a humbug as himself. Since he is dead and gone, there have" not been wanting equally : clever charlatans to take his- place. ; And "what sort of voices they have under their fostering care one may easily judge by being at any point in the building where one of these professors bas his parior. But the ambitious singer tanks into numerical insignificance along side of the would- be instrumentalist. Bishop said that there was only one thing worse than a poor player, and that was tbe practising of the young lady who lives next door. Visitors to our city are struck by the prevalence of tho piano. - - The cosmo politan nature of our population will account for much of.our devotion, at the shrine of cheap music, ; and : another 'reason is to be found in the fact that pianos themselves are as plentiful as blackberries, and altogether too cheap. Tene ment houses have a piano on each floor; there may be one even in the back of the barber shop in the basement. The dwellers in flats revel in uprights, and those who cannot play the piano ihay grind out a travesty upon popular airs on one of those instruments fed with so many yards of paper cylindrical wheeze. It is a fact painfully apparent that those most griven to murdering music prefer to do" so with the windows open to the very top. Perhaps it's to let the. sound out; perhaps it's to be heard by the neighbors, whose execrations arc well earned. Bead the advertising columns aiid see how many offer to teach music, with the use of the piano thrown in ! Think of music lessons at trvo bits an hour, and then pitv the poor neighbors. Tahnage is authority for the statement that there will be no pianos in heaven. He must he right. Harps there may he, hut pianos, never ! But that we are to be entirely given over to the machina tions of the piano fiend, cannot he true. -France sets us our fasliion. in dress—Germ an v lends the way in music. Consequently, the example of "Weimer may in time find American adoption. In that city, the authorities, desiring to oppose a dike or darn to the over-growing invasion of the piano, have caused to he posted up the followim decree : = .1-It is expressly forbidden to play tbe piano m a room whose windows are ouen.' 2\. Every person who desires to give a private concert will be forced to nav a license of fifty thnlers. 1 3 In another German city it is against the law to play the piano before or after certain "ours of the day, thus securing tired people the right to slumber undisturbed, and- on specified streets no pianos arc allowed. Happy, thrice happy Germans, to enjoy such blessed respite. It is strange how no musicians ever imagine that in their offorts there can be anything disagreeable. Music has been defined as a succession of pleasinL sonnds—perhaps to the performer it mav be pleasing. A musician is generally a bunch of mutable nerves and pure selfishness. Sometimes one of this gentry is brought up with a round turn; for instance, Kov. Be°i naldHaweis, the author of" Music mid Morals," was once heavily fined for beeping a rooster whose crowing disturbed his London neighbors. The _ hand-organ, tho hurdy gurdy aiid the itinerant German band are all musical nuisances that ought to ho abated. It was the habit of "Verdi, when ho went to a watering place, to hire all the hand organs that the place possessed, and lock them up until the day of his departure. This plan was - not without its advantages. The results of field firing by Regular troops with the magazine rifle at Bisley were issued on Monday at Aldershot. The firing was by word of command,and the report shows that of 504rrounds fired by 100 men (section volleys) and a machine gun at 10-10 yards, only 28 bullets, or 5*55. per cent.,' struck the "objects aimed at-- eight 6 feet by 9 feet canvas targets. From 800 yards, of 2700 rounds fired at head and shoulder targets, 382 hit, or 13"G5 per cent. Starting from 950 pards distance, when the object was a line of head and shoulder canvas figures, wooden kneeling figures, and canvas screens, representing supports, ; one battalion made 419 hits, or 12-42 percent, of 3371 rounds, and another 371 hits, or 21-55 per cent, of 1723 rounds. This latter battalion is stated to have developed its fire till it reached a point 700 from the targets. ■ - - An Austrian inventor has designed a shell containing oil to be fired by ships in stormy weather, with a view to calm the billows ahead of them. It consists of a wooden cylinder, about a foot and a half in length, containing about two thirds of a pound of oil, and lined inside with shellac to prevent the oil penetrating the wood. "When fired from a mortar, a phosphide of caleiuui light, carried by the shell, shows its position, and the oil, displaced by the water, spreads over i tho surface of the sea. A single shell is capable of calming a space of more than 1000 square yards. Balloons constructed upon the principle of the War Department possesses the secret aro again being1 used this year, imder the direction of .Lieutenant Jones, in connection with the gunnery and other experiments at Lydd. For several seasons past their adapta tion to the purpose of war has been tested at this camp, one of the trials consisting of artillery practice at a captive balloon, which escaped injury until the height and range were revealed. This denoted a certain amount of security, and the department has been encouraged to continue the use of these balloons on a larger scale. It is in con nection with the trials of new explosives that the balloons are proving especially useful at the Kentish experimental camp. Moored at a safe distance above the targets, the balloonists are enabled to observe tbo actions of the shell upon the objects against which their destructive forces aredirected. The new urban hospital of the city of Berlin, recently opened, and built, on the pavQlion plan, to accommodate 570 patients, is lighted entirely by electricity. To ensure constant illumination without the possibility of sudden and unexpected collapse of the lighting machinery, a double system has been laid down, the cost of the improvement having amounted to £S000. This is the first institution of the Vmd thus lighted. " Faith-healing," says the JJritish 3Tcdical Journal, seems to pay, if it ho true, as stated by an American paper, that Mr Mollinger, the Pittsburg clergyman who describes him self as a "Specialist for the Cure - of Diseases by Faith," has, by the exoroise of his " miraculous " powers, accumulated a fortune of about two million dollars. The Gas Department of the Birmingham Corporation have under consideration "a penny-in-the-slot " for the supply of gas in small tenements. The idea has been tested, and proved to be feasible. The system would involve the fiixingof a machine in the honsc of each consumer, and the doling out of gas by pennyworths. The prico now charged to the principle the proposal is to supply 25 cot for Id. ..." - 