ROME. ENCYCLICAL LETTER OP OUR HOLT FATHER BY DIVINE PROVIDENCE, POPE LEO XIII., ON THE CHIEF DUTIES OF CHRISTIAN CITIZENS. [AUTHOBISED TBANSLATION.] To OUT Venerable Brethren, Patriarchs, Primates, Archbishops, Bishops, and other Ordinaries Peace and Communion with the Apostolic See. POPE LEO XIII. Venerable Brethren, Health and Apostolic Benediction. the NECESSITY OP A CHBISTIAN DEFLECTION. Day by day it appears more manifest that the precepts of Christian wisdom ought to De recalled, and that the life, the morals, and the institutions of nations ought to be altogether conformed to them. For when these precepts are disregarded, so great is the power of eril that has followed, that no wise man can look on its presence without anxiety, nor loot on to the hereafter without fear. No little progress, indeed, has been made towards those good things which are of the body and external; but all nature which appeals to the senses of man and all possession of wealth, and power, and abundance, even though it confer advantages and increase the enjoyments of life, is unable to satisfy the soul which is bora for things greater and grander. To contemplate God and to tend to Him is the supreme law of the life of man, who, created to his divine image and likeness, is powerfully impelled to the enjoyment of his Creator. It is not, indeed, by any force or energy of the body, but by the understanding and afEeciion of the will, that man is inclined towards God. For God is the first and highest truth, and by truth only is the mind of man nourished. God is also perfect holiness, and the highest good to which the will alone, under the guidance of virtue, is able to attain. That which is true of men taken one by one is true also of society—both in the family and in the State. For nature has not formed society in order that man might look to it as an end, but in order that in it and through it he might find fitting help to his own perfection. If then any State aims only at external advantage and wealth, if it is wont in its government to put God and the moral law aside, it wrongfully turns away from its end and from the teaching of nature, and cannot be called a community or society, but is rather a deceitful resemblance and a parody. Those goods of the soul of which we have spoken, which are found only in the practice of the true Teligion and in the constant keeping of the law of Christ, we see every aay falling into neglect through the forgetfulness or pride of men, so that the loss of what affects the soul is in proportion to the increase of what relates to the body. The diminution and loss of Christian faith is shown most of all in the wrongs which are too often done to the Catholic religion publicly and before the eyes of men — wrongs which an age that practised religion would not suffer for a moment. For these reasons the salvation of multitudes of men is greatly imperilled ; and even states themselves and empires cannot long remain in safety; for, when Christian faith and life fail, the solid foundation of human society must fail together with them. Force only is then left for the maintenance of public peace and order. But force without the aid of religion is weak; and, being apt to beget a slavish submission rather than obedience, it bears within it the seeds of great disturbance. The present age has seen the mighty fallen; and it is not at all clear whether like convulsions are not to be dreaded now. Time, then, tells us how these disorders may be healed—namely, by restoring the Christian rule of action in private and in public life—the only way to ward ofE the evils which are pressing on us, the fittest way to drive away the dangers with which we are threatened. To this duty, venerable brethren, we must gird ourselves with all energy and perseverance.; and for this reason, although we have on other occasions laid down the same doctrine, we deem it proper in this letter to teach Catholics their duties with all the clearness that we may—duties which, if duly, fulfilled, would lead wonderfully to the good of the commonwealth. We have fallen upon times of mighty and daily struggle as to matters of the greatest moment, a struggle jin which it is most difficult for the multitude to escape being led astray, to avoid error, and to maintain their courage. It is our duty, venerable brethren, to warn, to teach, and to exhort each one according to "our opportunity, ut viam veritpiis j&emo; deserat, 80 thai "no one may'forsake the way of truth" (Tobias i. 2). CATHOLICS HAVE SPECIAL DUTIES. It cannot be denied that life has more and greater duties for Catholics than for those who either hold not the Catholic faith at all or entertain wrong ideas concerning it. When, after purchasing redemption for mankind, Jesus Christ bade Mis Apostles preach the Gospel to every creature, He at the same time laid upon all men the duty of he learning and believing the truths which He taught; and without the performance of this duty we cannot gain everlasting salvation. Qui crediderit et baptisatus fuerit, salvus erit; qui vero non crediderit, condemnabitur : " He that believeth and is baptised shall be saved; but he that believeth not shall be condemned" (St. Mark xvi. 16). But when he has embraced the Christian faith, as he is bound to do, man thereby becomes subject to the Church; for being born of her be is made a member of that great society, the supreme government of which, under her invincible Head, Jesus Christ, has been entrusted only to the Roman Pontiff. If then the law of nature bids us above all to love and defend the State in which we have been born and brought up, so that the good citizen will not be loth even to die for his country, much more is it the duty of Christians in like manner to love and defend the Church. For the Church is the holy city of the Living God, horn of Him, made by Him, a pilgrim, indeed, upon earth, calling and instructing men, and leading to eternal bliss in heaven. We have, therefore, to love our country which has given us this mortal life, but it follows of necessity that we should have a greater love for the Church, to which we owe the life that will endure for ever; because spiritual good is rightfully preferred to that of the body, and our duties to God have a much greater sanction than those which we owe to our fellowmen. TWO DUTIES IDENTIFIED. If we wish to come to a right judgment, the supernatural love of the hurch and the natural love of our ountry are principles having the same ternal source, God Himself being the uthor and cause of both. Hence it folows that the one duty can never be pposed to the other. It is in our ower, and we are bound to fulfil both uties; to love ourselves, to bear goodill to our neighbour, to cherish the ommonwealth and the authority that ules over it; and, at the same time, to ook upon the Church as our mother, and o love God with the utmost love of hich we are capable. Nevertheless, hese duties are sometimes set aside, ither through stress of the times or by he wickedness of men. Not unfreuently it happens that one way of cting seems to be required by the State nd another by religioD, for the reason hat the rulers of the commonwealth ither despise or would subject to themelves the sacred power of the Church. enco arises a conflict, and an opporunity for making proof of virtue. wo different powers press on us nd when they command things in themelves contrary it is impossible to render bedience at one time to both; for " no an can serve two masters" (St. atth. vi. 24). If we obey one we must eeds disobey the other; and no one ught to be in doubt as to which of the wo must be obeyed. It is a sin to disobey God for the sake f pleasing men; it is wrong to break he law of Jesus Christ in order to obey he magistrate, or under pretence of civil ights to transgress the laws of the hurch—obedire oportet Deo magis guatn ominibus, " We ought to obey God ather than men" (Acts v. 29). The nswer which Peter and the rest of the postles were wont to give to the overnors when they laid unlawful comands upon them must always be made nce for all on such occasions. There is o better citizen either in peace or war han the Christian who is mindful of his uty; and he ought to suffer everything, ven death itself, rather than forsake he side of God and of the Church. The force and-the nature of laws are ot properly understood by those who lame this firmness in the conflict of uty and call it rebellion. We speak of atters known to all, and of which e have already treated. Law is but he order of right reason, proceeding rom lawful authority for the common ood. There is no true and lawful uthority except that which comes rom God, the sovereign Lord of all, ho alone has power to give man authority over his fellow-man. There jia o right reason which is contrary to truth and to the law of (3-od; and no true good which does not accord with the highest imperishable good, or which leads astray the will of man from the love of Goo. Christians hold public authority as sacred, and acknowledge therein a likeess and image of the majesty of Gop* even when power is in unworthy hands. They render just and due obedience jto aw, not perforce or through dread pf chastisement, but from a consciousness of duty—Norn enim dedit nobis Deus spiritumtimoris, "For God hath not given us the spirit of fear" (2 Tim. i. 7 ) But if the laws of the State are openly at variance with the law of God—if they inflict injury upon the Church—if they clash with the dictates of religion, or se at naught the authority of Jesus Christ which is vested in the Supreme Pontiff, then indeed it becomes a duty to resist them, a sin to render obedience, and a wrong done to the State; because every wrong done to religion is also an offence against the State. Hence it appears how unjust is the charge of rebellion, for due obedience is not refused to the chief and to the makers of the laws, but only to those commands which they have no power to make, because clashing with the law of God they are unjust, and anything but laws. You know, venerable brethren, that this is the very doctrine of St. Paul the Apostle, who, when he told Titus that Christians were tobeadmonished," Principibus et potestalibus subditos dicto obedire," " To be subject to princes and powers, to obey at a word," and he adds, " ad omne opus bonum paratos esse" " to be ready to every good work" (Acts iv., 19, 20), which would show that, if the laws of men should make any enactment against the eternal law of God, it would not be right to obey them. In like manner the Prince of the Apostles courageously made answer to those who refused him permission to preach the gospel: " Si justurn est in conspectu Dei, eos potius audire quam Deum, judicate: non enim, possumus quae vidimus et audivimus non loqui," "if it be just in the sight of God to hear you rather than God, judge ye : for we cannot but speak the things which we have seen and heard." To love, therefore, these two countries, both our natural and our heavenly country, and to prefer the latter to the former lest the law of man should be deemed superior to the law of God is the chief duty of every Christian and the source of all other duties. Our Redeemer said of Himself, "Ego in hoc natus sum et ad hoc veni in mundum ut testimonium perh ibeam veritati J" " For this was I born and for this came I into the world, that I should give testimony to the truth " (St. John, xviii., 37). Likewise " ignem veni mittere in terrain et quid volo nisi ut aecendatur," " I came to send fire upon the earth and what will I but that it be kindled." In the knowledge of this truth, which is the highest perfection of the mind, and in divine charity which in like manner perfects the will, consist the whole life and liberty of Christians. And this truth, indeed, and this charity, the Church preserves and guards with continual zeal and watchfulness as a noble patrimony committed to her by Jesus Christ. It scarcely concerns us here to say how bitter and many-sided a war has been waged against the Church. For because human reason has been able, by scientific investigation, to disclose many secrets of nature, men have taken upoa themselves to think that they can banish God and His divine authority from their daily life. Deceived by this error, they hand over to human nature the sovereignty which they have snatched from God; they proclaim that nature alone is the foundation and rule of all truth; and that all the duties of religion proceed from and are to be derived from it. From this it follows that nothing has been taught us as divine; that obedience cannot be paid to the laws of Christian morality or the Church; that she has no power and no right to make laws, nay, even there can be no place for the Church in the commonwealth. With all their might they struggle. to put themselves at the head of civil affairs, in rder that they may more easily propaate these doctrines and fashion the ublic laws and morals. Everywhere he Catholic religion is either openly ttacked or secretly assailed; and by he great license permitted in these pererse errors, the public profession of hristianity is often hindered bymanv ifficulties. In so evil a state of affairs, it is the iiBt duty of everyone to reflect and lie on his guard, that he may, by vigilant care, securely defend the faith which he has received, by guarding against dangers and by being always armed against the fallacies and sophisms of the day. To give s teadfastness to virtue, we judge that it is most useful jind suitable in these times to study ^diligently Christian doctrine, according .to .each one's capacity and opportunity, and ,to imbue the mind aB far as possible with those "things of religion which can be obtained by hum^n reason. And since our faith must not oaJy he pure and uncorrupted in our minds, but also increase constantly day by day, the humble petition of the apostles must be often repeated, Adatye ALL BOUND TO AID THE CHUfiCH And in this connection there ar* 1 duties attaching to Christian faith i^ tt careful and devout performance offl though there has been necessity at Ji times, the need is particularly ; our days. For when the lawles/ntl! 5' thought to which we have refe"ed " extended, so widely diffused, it baW the duty of the Church'actfc espouse the safeguarding of truth, and! eradicate falsehood from men's mind^ duty at all times in her sacred keeriJ since to her hands have been entrS the honour of God and the- eaSS men. But when a special need demon it becomes the duty not only of tlZ who command to defend the puritvof rt! faith, but "all are bound to Z 2 cate their faith to others, either to the instruction of other Christians, or to their strengthening or to repel the audacity of those outside the fold" (81 Thomas). To give way to the enemy, or to be silent before him, while on allsidei is raised a clamorous opposition to truth is the work of the wickedly slothful or of him who doubts the truth of his professions. Both are base and a dishonour to God; both are hostile to individual and universal salvation-a harvest only to the enemies of the faith for it is too true that the lax discipline of the faithful is a strong ally to the wickedness of the faithless. And there is another reason why Christians should particularly avoid this sin of sloth; for though false charges ate spread about with the greatest facility, it is considerably more difficult to meet and combat the wrong conclusion founded on them. Finally, let every man remember that there is no decree against prac* tiBing and displaying the fortitude w,hich is the birthright of Christians, by which the counsels and plots of our enemies are frequently brought to naught. Some Christians are indeed from their birth formed for battle; and for these, the greater their energy, the more complete, by God's grace, will be their victory. "Have confidence; I have overcome the orld" (St. John, xvi. 33). Nor let ny man imagine that Jesus Christ, the uardian and Avenger of the Church, as no need of man's toil. For He wills hat some labour should be by us, to btain and garner the fruits of the salvaion won by Him, not through the ailure of his strength, but through the mmensity of his goodness. FAITH COMES BY HEARING. The first demands of this duty are hat a man should openly and constantly onfess the Catholic doctrine, and orward its propagation as far as lies in is power. For—to repeat an old and ost true saying—nothing is so great an bstacle to Christian truth as ignorance f it. Truth of itself, when rightly coneived, is strong for the defeat of error; nd if the impartial mind, free from preudgments, weighs truth well, reason tself will command its acceptance. ow, the virtue of faith is a great gift f divine faith and goodness; but the roundwork of faith can only be known hrough the hearing of it. " How shall hey believo him when they have not eard P How shall they hear without a reacher P . . . . Therefore faith ometh by hearing, and hearing by the ord of Christ" (Rom. x. 14, 17) herefore since faith is necessary for alvation, it follows that the word of hrist must be preached, Now the gift f preaching—that is, of teaching—is, y divine law, in the hands of the rulere hom " the Holy Ghost has placed as ishops to rule the Church of God Acts xx. 28), and especially of the oman Pontiff, the Vicar of Jesus hrist, the Head of the Church, endowed ith supreme power, the Director of orals and actions. Nevertheless, let one imagine that they who have no ssentially authoritative position in the ierarchy are forbidden to devote themelves to the same object, especially ose who have received from God the ower as well as the zeal to work. As ften as there is need/ these may very ppositely deliver to others the messsages ey have received, reflecting, like a lass, the voice of the teachers, guarding emselves, howeyer, from an assumpon of the duties of authority. Indeed, e help of such appeared to the Fathers f the Vatican Council so timely and uitful, that they judged it good to ake particular request for it. "™ eseech all Christians,' especially those e ho are in crfmiband or fulfil the funcons of teaching, in the bowels of Jesus hrist, and we command them by the uthority of the same God and our viour, that they devote their zeal ana il to drive away these errors from hurch, and to make ready the way for e light, of immaculate faith." Morever, let every man Remember that he is ble, and ought to strengthen the Cathojio aith by the' authority of his example, nd t6 preach it by the consistency 01 i;f e Therefore, in the duties which hind US to God and the Church, this takes a chief place, that the labour of all must be called on to assist, as far as possible, in the propagation of the truth and the overthrow of error. " UNION IS 6TBENGTH." jtfow these duties will not be fulfilled, ns a whole, and with advantage, as they should be, if some go out to battle independently of others. Jesus Christ, indeed, foreshadowed that the dislike and hatred of men which He first endured would likewise be directed against the work founded by Him ; and so that this would hinder many from fulfilling the salvation obtained by His goodness. And for this reason He desired not merely to win followers to His teaching, but to unite them into a society and to - welcome them into one body " which is the Church" (Coloss. i., 24), of which He should be the head. And so the life of Jesus Christ circulates through the whole frame, nourishes and upholds the particular members, holds them in mutual bonds, and directs them to the same end, though individual acts are separately accomplished. Thus the Church is a perfect society, far more excellent than any other society; but this is its duty imposed upon it by its Author that it should fight for the salvation of the human race " like an army set in array." This composition and economy of the Christian household can in no way be changed; nor is any man permitted to rule himself by his own fancy, or to follow any mode pf defence that pleases him; for he scatters and gathers not who gathers not with the Church and Jesus Christ, and he most surely strives against God who labours not with Him and with the Church. But to effect this combination of minds and unity of action, with reason to be dreaded by the enemies of the Catholic name, the primal necessity lies in agreement of thought and views; and to attain this end we see Paul the Apostle exhorting the Corinthians with fervent zeal and impressive gravity of language—" I beseech you, brethren, by the name of our Lord, Jesus Christ, that you all speak the same thing, and that there be no schisms among you; but that you be perfect in the same mind and in the same judgment" (1 Cor. i. 10). And the wisdom of such a command is easily perceived. For the mind is the principle of action; and hence neither will nor act can work in unison if minds are divided in thought. Among those who raise up reason as. their only leader, it is scarcely possitye that there should be unity of doctrine; for the art of acquiring true knowledge is very difficult. The mind is naturally weak, is distraught by the diversity of men's views, and not seldom is led away in its judgment ' by outer influences. Then there are the passions, so prone to destroy, or at least to dim our powers of apprehending the truth. For this reason, in the government of States care is'often taken that they who differ in opinion and view should be bound in unity by constraint. Yery different is it among Christians. They receive what they are to believe from the Church, under whose authority and guidance they know well that thay hold the truth. Hence, as the Church is one, Jesus Christ being one. so the whole doctrine of all Christians in the world is and ought to be one; " One Lord, one faith," (Ephes. iv. 5). "Having the same spirit of faith " (2 Cor. iv. 13), they are possessors of the principles of salvation, hence the same will and the same mode of action are generated spontaneously in all. But, as Paul the Apostle bids us, it is necessary that this union should be perfect. Since the Christian faith rests on the authority, not .of human, but of divine reason (" we believe the truth not on account of the intrinsic truth of things made clear by the natural light of reason, but on the authority of God Himself revealing, "Who can neither deceive nor be deceived") it follows that everything which is understood to.be the direct teaching of God must h e received by us with equal assent, and that to refuse belief to one of such doctrines is clearly to deny the whole. For they overturn the very foundations of faith who deny that God has spoken to man, or who doubt of His infinite truth and wisdom. Now to declare what is the divine teaching is the function of the teaching Church to whom God hias entrusted the guardianship and interpretation of His words. But the highest teacher in the Church is the Boman \- Pontiff. . Hence, as the union of minds . necessitates a perfect agreement in one faith, so it calls all wills to be perfectly submissive and obedient to the Church and the Soman Pontiff as to God. PERFECT OBEDIENCE WECESSABY. Now, obedience should be perfect, since.it is enforced by faith itself, and ihas this point common with faith that it lis indivisible; indsed, if it be not absolute and all-embracing, only ,the shadow of obedience is left, while its essential nature has been utterly abolished and destroyed. And all Christian precedent so far ministers to such perfection, that it is and always has been held as a peculiar mark by which Catholics may be distinguished. It is well explained by Thomas Aquinas in these words: " The formal object of faith is primary truth as manifested in the Sacred Scriptures, and the teaching of the Church which proceeds from primary truth. Hence, he who does not embrace as he would a divine and infallible law, the teaching of the Church, which proceeds from the primary truth as manifested in the Sacred Scriptures, has not the habit of faith: but he holds that which is of. faith (fidei) in a manner different from that which is by faith (perfidem). . . . Now, it is clear that he who embraces the teachings of the Church as he would an infallible law, makes assent to all that the Church teaches; but otherwise, if of the Church's teaching he holds what he leases, and refuses what does not please _ im, he does not embrace the teaching of the Church as an infallible law, but according to his own wish " (II. II., Qu. v., art. 3). "There should be one aith in the whole Church, according to the text, 'I beseech you that ye all speak the same thing and that there be no schism among you' (1 Cor. 1.10); which ouldnotbe unless a mooted matter of aith were decided by him who governs he whole Church, that his judgment ight hence be firmly held by the whole hurch. And, therefore, to the sole uthority of the Pontiff belongs the ublication of any Creed, together with all other matters that concern the whole Church" (II. II. Qu. i. art. 10). WHAT IS OBEDIENCE? n fixing the limits of obedience, let one imagine that the authority of the Bishops, and especially of the Soman Pontiff, is only to be respected in matters f dogma, the obstinate rejection of hich cannot be distinguished from the rime of heresy. NOT is it by any means sufficient that a sincere and firm assent be given to the teachings delivered by the Church, which, though not defined by solemn Act, are, nevertheless, by common and universal consent, believed as divinely revealed, and which the Vatican Council decreed as of "Catholic and divine faith." But it is, moreover, a chief duty of Christians to suffer themselves to be ruled and guided by the Bishops, and particularly by the Apostolic See. How fitting this doctrine is is very evident. For the words of God refer in part to God Himself, and in part to man, and to that which is necessary for bis eteral salvation. Now, in each division the guidance of both belief and action by divine right belongs to the Church, as we have said, and in the Church to the Cbief Pontiff. Hence the Pontiff must have the power authoritatively to judge of the meaning of Holy Scripture; what doctrines are in harmony with it, and what at variance; and also to declare what is virtuous and what sinful, what is to be done and what avoided in the work of salvation; for therwise he could neither be a sure interpreter of the moral word of God or a safe guide to man. THE CONSTITUTION OF THE CHUECH. We must go yet more deeply into the nature of the Church, as being not a mere chance union of Christians, but as a society divinely constituted and wonderfully organised, having as its direct object to bestow peace and holiness on the soul; and since for this end it alone by divine gift possesses the necessary means, it has fixed laws, fixed functions, and in the direction of Christian people follows a method most agreeable to its nature. But the course of its Government is difficult, and seldom runs smooth. The Church is the mistress of nations scattered over the whole eaTth, differing in race and customs, whose duty it is, living each in its own State under its own laws, to submit both to civil and ecclesiastical power. And these functions are found united in the same persons, not at odds with each other nor confused, as we have said, for the former promotes the prosperity of the State, the latter the common good of the Church, and both are for the perfection of man. And with this definition of mutual rights and functions, it is quite clear that rulers of States should be free to guide their affairs, and this not only without the opposition, but with the assistance of the Church, for since she above all things teaches the practice of piety, which is justice towards God, in the same way she urges men to act with justice towards their rulers. But the ecclesiastical power has this far nobler aim—to rule the minds of men by having regard to " the kingdom of God and His justice" (St. Matthew vi. 33), and is entirely devoted to this object. Morever, it cannot without rashness be oubted that the direction of souls has eengivento.the Church alone, so that n it pbliticar powet h&s; J no right of interference; for not to Caesar, but to Peter, did Jesus Christ entrust the keys of the kingdom of heaven. And withj this doctrine on political and religious j affairs are bound up matters of consider-; able moment, on which we would not be j silent in this place. From all political society the Christian Church differs widely. If upon its face. there rests the likeness and shadow of a i kingdom, it has in truth an origin, a) motive, an essence very remote from the: kingdoms of this world. It is fitting! that the Church should live and protect: herself by institutions and laws that' are in harmony with her nature. And. since her society is not only perfect, but; is also placed above every human society, she, in the fulfilment of her right and; her office, firmly refuses to side with any 1 parties, and to bend the knee to the : fleeting and changeable politics of the. civil order. And in like manner while i being the guardian of her rights, and' most careful against encroachment, the Church has no care what form of govern-' ment exists in a state, or by what Customs j the civil order of Christian nations is directed; of the various kinds of govern-. ment there is none of which she disapproves, so long as religion and moral discipline live untouched. It is befitting that the thoughts and action of all Christians should be pointed towards this example. We cannot doubt that in the political world there is an honourable, strife, when under the principles of truth and justice men endeavour to make those opinions prevail which conduce most to the common good. But to sully the Church by party strife, or to desire! to make her an ally in overcoming opponents in such strife, would be the work of men who rashly abuse religion. On the contrary, religion should be held sacred and immaculate by all; in the very enforcement of state discipline, a matter impossible to be separated from the laws and duties of religion, the interests of Christianity should particularly be borne in mind; and wherever these should seem to be in danger from the attack of opponents, all strife must be ceased, and the defence of religion undertaken in full agreement together, since religion is the highest good of the community by which every act should be regulated. We think it necessary to expound this somewhat more fully. In truth both Church and State have each an individual domain ; wherefore in fulfilling their separate duties neither is subject to the other, within the limits fixed bv their boundary lines. From which, nevertheless, it follows that they are by no means things with separate and distinct aims, much less thai; they are in mutual warfare. Indeed, nature not only gave us existence, but bade us also dwell together; and hence a man has a right to demand of a State at peace with itself—which is the immediate object of the civil bond—that it should be a benefactor to him, and much more that it should give efficient means for en? forcing purity of morals, which consists only in the knowledge and exercise of virtue. At the same time he desires, as is right, to find assistance in the Church towards winning the perfect gift of a perfect piety which consists in the knowledge and practice of true religion, the mother of all virtues, since by referring man to God, it fulfills and compasses them all. In sanctioning institutions and laws, man's moral and religious character should be regarded, and his perfection sought after rightly in due order; nor should anything be commanded or forbidden unless on the ground of benefit to the civil society and in accordance with religion. For this reason the Church cannot but concern herself about the laws formulated in States, not for their connection with the government, but because they sometimes encroach on the right of the Church by passing their due bounds. Nay, it is a duty assigned by God to the Church to make resistance, if at any time the State does harm to religion, and to strive that the virtue of the gospel shall influence the laws and institutions of peoples. And since the welfare o£ the State is peculiarly dependent on the direction of its governors, the Church cannot give either patronage or favour to the 'men at whose hands she knowsonly oppression, who in the broad day refuse to respect her rights, and who strive to tear asunder civil and sacred polity, bound together asthevjare in their very essence. On the other; hand, she is, as she should be, the defender of those who, justly appreciating what is due to the civil and Christian state, desire to wort peacefully for the common good of both. In theke precepts is contained the rule,.which 411 Catholics should follow in public. 1 '" And it should be remembered L whenever the Church is lawfully brought into connection with public affairs, thobe men should receive favour who are of known honesty and are likely to deserve yell of the Christian name; nor is theire he least reason why men should be preerred who are filled with evil intentions gainst religion. Hence the importance f the duty to guide the minds of men ecomes dear, particularly when in these ays Christianity is plotted against with uch a depth of cunning. They who desire onestly to abide by the Church—which s the " pillar and firmament of truth " 1 Tim. iii. 15), will easily be on their uard against " lying (teachers) promisng them liberty, being themselves slaves f corruption" (2 Pet. ii. 1, 19); they ill become partners in the power of the hurch, and they will overcome snares y fortitude. We shall not here inquire ow far the sloth and intestine discord f Catholics have worked in the interests f revolution; but this may be said that vil men would have been less prompt in oldness, less ready to work so great a uin, if the faith " that works by charity" ad been stronger in the minds of many. or would the discipline of Christianity ntrusted to us from on high have fallen o low. May the past work this benefit hat, by remembrance of it, men may earn to be wiser for the future. THE DAN GEES OF PUBLIC LIFE. Those who are called to bear a part in ublic life are menaced by two dangers hich are to be avoided with all vigilance prudence, falsely so called, and rashess. For some there are who doubt of he expediency of facing and opposing ickedness when successful, for fear, a hey allege, lest the evildoers should be till further irritated. Are such men on he side of the Church, or are they gainst it? It would be hard to say. hey profess Catholic doctrine, at the ame time that they would have the hurch give free play to heretical pinions. They complain of the decline f faith and of the decay of morals; yet hey do not care to practise a remedy; ay, they often intensify such evils, either y excessive lenity or by a mischievous eceit. They would allow no man to uggest a doubt as to their devotion to he Apostolic See, yet they are never ithout some grievance against the overeign Pontiff. Their prudence is uch as the Apostle St. Paul calls " The isdom of the flesh, which is death." Nothing can have so little influence on xisting evils than wisdom such as this. or the definite plan of our enemies— nd many among them do not hesitate to tate it explicitly and to boast of it penly—is the oppression of the only true eligion, the Catholic. To carry this out here is nothing they will hesitate to ttempt. They know full well that the ore fear they excite in their adversaries he easier will be the fulfilment of their wn perverse undertakings. Thus all ho love wisdom according to the flesh, nd who presume to ignore the truth hat every Christian must be a valiant oldier of Christ, all who claim the ewards due to victors only, while they ive like cowards and take no part in the attle, not only are useless in resisting he onslaught of the hosts of evil, but ake the way readier for their coming. Others, on the contrary, in no small umbers, whether moved by a false zeal, r still more blameably, by the affectaion of feelings belied by their practice, ssume to themselves a part to which hey have no right. They would subect the government of the Church to heir own ideas and to their own ill, and with difficulty endure and unillingly allow anything different from hem. Such men as these spend their trength vainly, and are less blameworthy. o act thus is not to follow lawful uthority, but to go in advance of it and o give into private hands, by a veritable surpation, the powers of the spiritual agistracy, to the great detriment of hat order which God Himself has contituted for ever in His Church, and hich He allows no man to violate with mpunity. Honour to those who, chalenged to the struggle, go out into the attlefield, fully confident that unjust owers will perish and yield at last by he sanctity of religion and of right. There s a devotion worthy of the virtue of the ast ages; they are the champions of eligion, especially against those sects hich. insolently and without pause ttack Christianity and pursue with ncessant hostility the Sovereign Pontiff, ho has fallen into their power. But such men as these are watchful in their care to observe the rules of obedience, and attempt nothing without orders. A like docility, in union with a steadfast constancy and courage, is needful for all Catholics, so that whatever trials may befall they may fail in nothing. Therefore do we greatly desire to see implanted in the souls of ail that wisdom which St.' Paul calls " The wisdom of the spirit." In human actions this virtue teaches us the temperate attitude between the cowardice that would bring us to fear and to despair, and the presumption of rashness. Again, there is a distinction between the wisdom proper to politics and to the public good and the wisdom which con- cerns the* individual good of each.* latter wisdom is made manifest in those private persons who, by their own conduct, follow the counsels of right reason; the former is proper to men entrusted With the direction of public affairs, and particularly princes, whose office it is to command. Thus the civil wisdom of private persons seems to consist entirely in the loyal execution of the precepts of lawful authority. These dispositions and this order should be found in the heart of Christian society— the Church. And this all the more emphatically as the political wisdom of the Supreme Pontiff must heeds embrace the greater number of subjects. His it is not only to govern the Church in her entirely, but also to order and direct the actions of Christian citizens in view of their eternal salvation. This must convince us how indispensable it is that besides the perfect concord that must Teign in thought and deed, the faithful should accept religiously as their rule of conduct the political wisdom of ecclesiastical authority. Now immediately after the Soman Pontiff, and under his direction, the ordering of the religious interests of Christendom belongs to the Bishops. If they are not placed at the summit of Pontifical power, they are, nevertheless, veritable princes in the' ecclesiastical Hierarchy; and as each one of them is at the head of the government of a particular church, they are, says St. Thomas, "as it were, the chief workmen in the rearing of the spiritual edifice," and they have the clergy to share in their labours and execute their decisions. Every man must rule his life according to this constitution of the Church, which no man has power or authority to alter. Again, f as in the exercise of their spiritual power the Bishops must be united to the Apostolic See, in like manner the clergy and laity must live in a strict union with their Bishops. Should anyone give occasion for criticism, whether by his conduct or by the theories which he may uphold, let no private person take upon himself the office of judge in his regard, an office entrusted by our Lord Jesus Christ to the one Pastor whom He has placed above the f sheep and lambs. Let each one engrave on his memory the most wise teaching of Pope St. Gregory the Great: —" Subjects are to be warned that they shall not arrogantly judge the life of their superiors, even should it be their lotto see such superiors acting blameworthy, for fear lest their own keenness in blaming evil should beget within them the beginnings of a pride which would lead them into graver faults. Let them be warned against the danger of placing themselves in rash opposition to their superiors, of whose faults they have become aware. Should such superiors really have committed blameable actions their inferiors, full of the fear of God, must not judge them, even in the mental blame, except in a perpetual spirit of respect and submission. The actions of superiors are not to be touched by the sword of speech, even when they seem to deserve a righteous rebuke." These efforts must ever remain barren, if the life is not conformable to the discipline of Christian manners. Let us remember what the sacred books tell of the nation of the Jews —And as long',as they sinned, not in the sight of their God it was well with them,; for their God hateth iniquity. When they had revolted from the way which God had given them to walk therein, they were destroyed in battles by many nations (Judith v. 21, 22). Now the nation of the Jews is, as it were, the type of the Christian people, and the vicissitudes of their history were the proplictic figure of that which was afterwards to be realised; with this difference, that the Divine Goodness has enriched and surrounded us with greater ' benefits, and that the sins of ingratitude make the faults of Christians all the greater. FIN ALL EXHORTATIONS. God never abandons His Church at any time. She herself has nothing to fear from the attacks of rneD, but the people who have degenerated in Christian virtues have not the same guarantee. Sin maketh people misereble (Prov. xiv. 84). If past ageB have proved this truth by experience by what right should ours be excepted P Many signs show that the due punishment is hanging over our * Prudenoe proceeds from reason, which has the eepeoial faculty ot gui'Ung and governing. Whence it follows that in such measure as a man is responsible for the government of affairs, he should be a man of reason and prudence. Bat it is obvioas that the subject.as a subjeot, and the servant as a servant, has neither to guide nor to govern, but is guided and governed. 'Wisdom is, therefore, not tbe special virtue of the subjeot as a subject, nor of the servant; as a servant. Hut iaasmnca as a man in his capacity as a reasonable being takes part in government according to the measure of his reason, it is fitting that in tbe same proportion he should posieBB the virtue of prudence. Hence it results lnuuiustiy iha.i wisdom abides in the prince aa.it does in the architect in regard to the building to • be.constructed, (as lui.been. Midthe "Sixth Book of tforals "J andtnat it abides in the subject as it does in the workman employed in the oon etruotion.—"St. Thomas," 2,2„ q. 47, p. 12. heads. And the same thing is confirmed by the condition of mogt governments; internal evil consumes many, and not one is in a state of perfect security. If the factions of the wicked continue to follow their audacious advances; if they succeed in progressing in insolence and power as they do in wickedness and artifices, it is to be feared thejr will destroy the very foundations which Nature has given to the social edifice. Mere human resources are powerless to prevent such formidable dangers, especially at the present time, when great numbers of men have rejected the Christian faith, and will have to submit to the penalty of their pride. Blinded by their passions, they seek the truth in vain. She leaves them, and only permits them to embrace error, and they believe themselves wise because they call evil good and the good evil; because they 'put darkness in the jplace of light, and light in the place f darkness (Is. v. 20). May God intervene, and, remembering His mercy, cast a compassionate glance upon human society. Therefore, we here renew the constant exhortation, as we have ever done, to redouble your eeal and perseverance in addressing to a merciful God humble supplications, and in returning to the practice of the virtues that constitute the Christian life. It is above all important to excite and practice charity, which is the principal foundation of the Christian life, and without which the other virtues do not exist, or remain barren. It is for this reason that the Apostle St. Paul, after having exhorted the Colossians to fly all vice, in order to merit for themselves the various virtues, adds, But above all these things have charity, which is the bond of perection (Col. iii. 14). Yes, truly, charity is the bond of perfection, for she unites 1 those who embrace her to God himself intimately;' by her their soul receives its life from God, lives with God, and for God. But the love of God must not be separated from the love of one's neighbour, because men have been made partakers in the infinite goodness of God, and they bear within themselves the imprint of His likeness and the resemblance to His being. And this commandment we have rom, God that he who loveth God loves also his brother. If any man say, I love God, and hateth his brother, he is a liar (1 John, iv., 20, 21). This precept of charity has been called a new law by its Divine Author, not because there was no previous law, nor because Nature itself had not commanded it, but because the Christian precept of love was really new and without example . in the world. In fact, the same love with which Jesus Christ was loved by His Father, and by which He Himself loved men, He imposed as an obligation upon His disciples and followers, so that they might be one heart and one soul in Him, as He and His Father are one in nature. No one is ignorant of the force of this commandment, and how deeply from the beginning it was implanted in the hearts of Christians, and how abundantly it has produced the fruits of concord, mutual kindness, piety, patience, and fortitude. Why do we not apply ourselves to imitate these examples of our fathers ? The present time in which we live should incite us not a little to practise charity. When the impious lay themselves out to hate Jesus Christ, Christians should redouble their piety towards Him, and renew in themselves that charity which is the principle of great things. If there are some dissensions among them may these disappear. May those disputes cease that dissipate the strength of the combatants without any profit to religion! May all minds be united in the faith, all hearts in charity, in order, as is just, that the whole life may be centred in the practice of the love of God and of mankind. We desire here to exhort specially the f athers of families to regulate the government of their households and the first education of their children according to these precepts. The family is the cradle of civil society, and it is, for the moBt part, in the surrouudings of the home that the destiny of States is prepared. Those who wish to tear society away from Christianity, go to the very roofs aud endeavour to corrupt the family. They do not allow themselves to be deterred from this attempt by the thought that this cannot be accomplished without inflicting upon parents the most cruel outrage; for to parents it belongs by virtue of natural right to educate their children to the ends which God has given them. It is a striet obligation laid upon parents to give all their care, and to neglect no effort to repulse energetically all unjust violence done to them in this matter, so that they may guard them their exclusive authority in the education of their children. They must, moreover imbue these with the principles of Christian morality, and absolutely oppose their children frequenting schools were they are opposed to the fatal poison of impiety When it is a question of tbe good educa* tion of youth, we have no right to fix a limit to the pains and labonr that result, however great these may be. Those Catholics of all nationalities, who at the expense of much money and more zeal, have erected schools for the education of their children, are worthy of being proposed for the admiration of all. It would be well if this beautiful example were followed whereevcr circumstances called for it. Always and everywhere account must be taken of the great influence exercised over the souls of children by home education. If the young find in the home the rule of a virtuous life, and, as it were, a practical school of Christian virtue, the salvation of society in the future is in great part guaranteed. " PER CBUCEM AD COBONAH." We believe that we have pointed out the conduct to be observed and the dangers to be avoided. It rests now with you, venerable brethren, upon whom this obligation is incumbent, that you take care to diffuse everywhere our words, and that you make all understand how important it is to put into practice the teachings contained in this letter. To accomplish these duties cannot be an inconvenient and painful obligation, since the yoke of Jesus Christ is sweet and His burden is light. If sometimes our counsels appear difficult to practise, it is for you to use your authority, and to act by your example, in order to incite the faithful to make the most energetic efforts, and not allow themselves to be overcome by any difficulty. Show them what we ourselves have often shown them, that their most precions gifts are in danger of loss, and they should seek out the highest good. Let them remember that in their preservation all toils are to be endured; and that these labours have a right to the highest recompense by which the Christian life is crowned. On the other hand, to refuse to fight for Jesus Christ is to fight against Him. He has clearly proclaimed this: He will deny before His Father in Heaven those who have not confessed Him upon earth (Luke ix., 26). As regards ourself, and as regards you all, never assuredly as long as our life continues shall we incur the risk that in such a struggle our authority, our advice, or our care should in any manner be wanting to the Christian people; nor can there be any doubt that while this strife lasts God will help with His particular succour both the flock and the pastors. Full of this confidence, and as a pledge of heavenly gifts and of our affection, we bestow with all our heart in our Lord, upon you, venerable brethren, your clergy, and all your people, the Apostolic Benediction. Given at Home, at St. Peter's, 10th January, 1890, in the twelfth year of our Pontificate. LEO XIII., POPE. 