SPORTING NOTES. The Portland races passed of! successfully on Wednesday. Botany won the Nelson Plate, Taliara getting second and Trookad-so third j Wild Duck and Col also started, The JJnrdJe? race fell to Intrigue, O.T.P. and Kingfish filling the places; Deswell, Ned Kelly, and Count were the other starters. Six started in the Portland Handicap, worth 35 sovs. Sprig and Tilburn were the favorites. The winner, however, turned np in Pride, who defeated Tilburn by a couple of lengths, with Rarey a fair third. The Selling Race went to Pisco very, with Nirarod second. The winner was knooked down to Mr. J. Leake for £41. A Sourry, won by Unity, terminated the after, noon's sport. On the Beoond day Tatiara car« ried off the Hurdleraoe, and Tilburn the Bay Handicap. Pride annexed the Bracelet, ana Rarey the Forced Handicap. The booths for the Adelaide Birthday meet ing on the old course have been sold for £253. J. Rae, the New Zealand owner and rider of the Steeplechaser Titokawaru, experienced for the first time in his life a call before the stewards of a race club at the late Melbourne Hunt Club meeting. He was naturally very indignant at the steward's attention to him. Cox, an^-Australian pugilist, haa issued a challenge to the world to fight anyone weighing 8st. 41b. or under. A sporting contributor of the Pall Mall Budget writes anent the Australian colts Kirkham and Narellan:-"When so much elaborate fuss was being made about the Aus tralian colts during the winter I warned my speculative readers to leave them alone, having no opinion of their Derby prospectB. The re sult of their puddle of a trial, and the miser able exhibition at Lincoln of Plutarch, who galloped with them, Bhow very clearly that they have not the ghost of the shadow of a chance for the Derby; but Kirkham, at least, may win some races over long distances if judiciously placed." Wait a bit. _ The Aus tralian horse will yet make the Britisher " sit up," as our rowers, cricketers, and pugilists have done. The Port Gawler races on Tuesday were only thinly attended despite the fine weather. The totalizator was used,- but only £300 went through it. Three ran for the Hurdles, and Tyro, the favorite, won easily from Skylark. Rival won the Flying Handicap in a canter from the Savnaka gelding Enterprise. The bookmakers refused to bet against Darkie in the Trot, and Black Prince went out favorite, but he had no chance, and Darkie won as he pleased. Odds were laid on Wattle for the Port Gawler Cup, and won, but it was only by the skin of his teeth. The Bracelet was won by Vampoola, with the favorite Hopeless second. Then there was a protest on the ground that Good, who rode Vampoola, was ranked as a professional. The proteBtora could- not prove their case, but from what transpired afterwards it would appear that the Vampoola which won was really never entered for the race. The story goes that Vampoola, a three- year-old was nominated. This horse broke down and did not accept, whereupon the horse which won, and is a five-year-old, was substituted for the real Vampoola. t If these statements are correct it is a serious matter, and should be enquired into. The well-known racehorse Belladrum, by King of Clubs -Mambourine, which was shipped to India a few years ago, has returned to Australia again. Belladrum, before leaving the colonies, ran a dead heat with Pollio and Commotion for second place in the Adelaide Cup, which was won by Euclid. Belladrum has had a successful career in India, winning several important events, in fact, every prize of note except the Viceroy's Cup. Belladrum goes on to Sydney. There was an afternoon's racing at Epsom (suburban to Melbourne) on Thursday. There was a large attendance. Quack won the Hur dlerace from Bonnie Chester and Darkness, the pony Darkness beat eighteen other little 'uns. The Selling Race went to Partner, and the Norman Handicap to Nellie. E. Hanlon, once the champion sculler of the world, beat Plaisted over a mile course at Bridgeport, United States, in a match rowed recently. Kemp beat McLean by eight lengths for the sculling championship of the world. The Horsham Times is responsible for the statement that Mr. J. Fox received £500 for his horse Dingo, which recently changed hands and went into the stable of Mr. E. C. Naylor, of Adelaide. His late owner bought Dingo as a three-year-old at Murtoa for £30, and since then he has won the Grand National at Ade laide, the Ballarat Hurdlerace, and a score of other events over the sticks. The Ladies' Bracelet, run at the Melbourne Hunt Club meeting on Saturday, and won by Ormonde, cannot be regarded as a settled affair vet. Ormonde had been led out of the weigh ing enclosure before his rider was declared to be of the right weight, and as it was found that the bridle was required to make up the weight, it was obtained. According to the rules of racing this proceeding of getting the bridle to make up the required weight after the horse had been led away from scale was irregular, and if the rider, Mr. Alf. Gjasscock, could not draw the weight without his bridle, to which nnder the circumstances he was not entitled, he would be disqualified from winning, on the ground that he was Bhorfc of weight. _ A protest has accordingly been entered against Ormonde. The hurdle racehorse Ulysses and the three, year-old G'Naroo have been purchased by I. Foulsham, the trainer of Caulfield. Titokawaru has been scratched for the V.R.C. Hurdle Race and Steeplechase. Mr. S. G. Cook is great on the "The" when naming his thoroughbred stock,_ The latest names he has bestowed upon his youngsters are i-The Rebel on the Newminster-Zulieka colt, The Commodore on The Englishman Excelsior colt, The Jester on the Pell Mell Mirthful colt, The Doctor on the Musk Rose Cynthia colt, and The Magistrate on the Pell Mell-Lady Susan colt. The New Zealand horses were landed in Sydney last Monday who are engaged in the gueen's Birthday Meeting of the Sydney Turf lub. They are Teksum, 4 yrs" by Musket Albatross, engaged in the Royal Stakes; Hilda, 4 yrs., by Musket-Ouida, in the Queen's Birthday Cup; and Antelope, 6 yrs., by Apre mont-Mies Kate, in both handicaps. Ab a three-year-old Hilda won five times out of ten, namely, the Auckland Guineas, the Auckland City, Prince of Wales', and Spring Handicaps; also the Grand Stand Handicap the following autumn. The first four events were won on two successive days. Hilda has 8st. 111b. in the Queen's Birthday Cup. The Australasian Bookmakers'Association, Melbourne, have expelled one of its members, P. Carey. From our English files to hand we learn that Mr. Daniel Cooper, late of Sydney, has a fair team of horses in training in England. They are in charge of J. Ryan, at Green Lodge, New market, who has ten other patrons-amongst them Mr. J. H. Houldsworth, the new steward of the Jockey Club. Mr. Cooper's_ team comprise Woolahra, 2 yrs., by Albert Victor Lady Lumley, for whom 700 guineas were paid as a yearling; Marcellus, 2 yrs., by Marden-Mergellina; Steventon, 2 yrs., by Dutch Skater-Camelot ; Merganser, 2 yrB., by Muncaster-Jenny Diver; Turkish Delight, 3 yrs., by Privilege-Sultana, engaged in the Derby. The others have important engage ments this year. The team were^given a five furlong spin the week the last mail left, in the presence of Mr. D. Cooper and some friends. The brood mares Elsie, Hester,_ Phoebe Marks, Lady Alice, Heiress, Keziah, and Ambe, selected by Mr. T. B. Merry for Mr. L.. J. Rolls's stud at Los Angelos, California, left on Thursday by the Alameda for San Francisco. RUSTICUS. | 