BEATRCIE. ByEideri Haggard, Cuaptkb XVI. tBB lhk T NEAR THE EDQWABB BOA.D Geoffrey's joornoy to town was not «aHogethert cheerful one. To begin wept copiously at parting with her beloved ' anntie,' as she called Beatrice, and would not be com forted. The pronpeot of rejoining her Mother and the voliiblo Anne had no charms for Effio. They all three got os best apart. Geoffrey himself had also mash to tbinK aooai, ana lonna little satisfaction in tbe thinking. He tbiew bis mind over tbe eveotB sf the put few weeks. He remembered how ha had seen Beatrice's face through th* thick mist on the R«d Hocks, and how her beanty had struck him as no beauty erer had before. Then he thoaght of the adventure of their ship wreck, aud with tbe desperate courage with whioh she had saved his life, al ?oit at the cost of her own. He thought, too, of that scene, when on the following day he had entered tho room where she was asleep, when tbe wandering ray of light had wav-rod from her breast to hia own, when that ?trange presentmeut of the ultimate intermim ling of their lives had flashed vpon him, and when she had awakened with an unearthly greeting upon htr lips. One by one, while Effio slowly sobbed herself to silence in tbe corner opposite to him, he recalled every poas* and soene of their overgrowing intimaoy, till the review oulminated in hia mysterious experience of the past night, and the memory of Beatrice's parting words. fiiV.OfJal! men Geoffrey was among those least inclined to superstition j from boyhood he had been noted for common sense, and a somewhat dis believing point tarn of mind. Bat be had intellect, and imagination, whioh ...is simply intellect etherealised, With -^ out' theap/ with ' his I peoaliar mental constitution, he would for inetinoe, probably have been a religious sceptic ; having them, be was nothing of the ?ort. So in this m»tter oi his experi enoe ot tbe previous night, and : generally of the strange and almost a' onnatcral sympathy in 'which he fonnd himself with this lady, oon-mon sense and the results of his observation and ?xperience pointed to the whole thing being nonsense— the result of ' pro pinquity, 8ir, propinquity,' and a pretty face— and nothing more. Bat here his intellect and imagination ?teppsd in, telling him plainly that it , was not nonsense, but that he had not merely made a donkey of himself over an hysterical or possibly love-sick g;rl. They told him that because a thing is ? mystery it is not recessarily a folly, ? though mysteries are tor the most part dealt in by fools. They snggested that there— may be many things and forees above us and around us, invis able as an electric current, intangible aa light, yet existent and capable of manifestation oudtr certain rare and favourable, conditions. As was it not nonBihle that such conditions should units in a woman like Beatrice, who combined in her eelf a bean'y of body which was only oatpassed by the beauty of her mind p It was no answer to say tbat most women oonld never inspire the un earthly passion with whioh he had. been shaken some ten hours pas^'or inat mosc .uen conld uovcr become 'A I awiara' pf th% ? inspiration. 7, Has not humanity powers and' preoption* denied to tbe cattle of the field', and may there hot be men and women as far removed from their fellows in this respect as these are from tbe oattle ? But the weak point of myflterioan occurences is that they lead nowhere, / . .sad do not materially alter the facts of \- i ' 'life; ^One cannot. for instance, plead a mystery in a court of law ; so dropping tbe imaginative side ut thi question as one beyond him, he came to its practicable aspect, only to find it equally thorny. Odd as it may seem, Geoffrey did not to tbis moment know the exaot y ; position which he oconpied in the ' ' mind bflBea'tric--; !oir that she occupied in his. lie was not in love with her, at least not in a way he had experien eel the inflae -ce of that, on the whole, inconvenient annaisagreeable passion. At any rate he argued from the hy pothesis that he waa'not in love with htr. This he refused to admit now in the light of day, though be had ad mitted it fally in the watches of the night. It would not do to admit it. But he was forced to acknowledge that she had crept into his life and possessed it so completely that then and for months afterwards, except in deep sleep or in boars of severe men tal strfiin; not a single half hour wonld ' pass without bringing its thought of Beatrice.' Everything tbat waB beauti ful, or,.grand, 0; elevating, reminded him of her — and what higher compli ment could a mistress have) If he luteoed to glorious music, the voioe oi' Beatrice spoke to him through the no(es ; if he watched the clouds rolling in heavy pomp across tbe broken sky he thought of Beatrice ; if solve chance , - poem or novel moved bim, wby Bear trice was in his mind to share the pieaeore. All of ? which was very in terming, and In some wsy« delightful, but. nnder our , system not othorwijsi i '? - thiri inconvferiii-ni. to' n married man. And n'iW B-alrice was gone, and hit mast come back to his daily toil, sweetened by Bonoria's bitter com piain'.s 01 uicir poverty, anil Bee ner n» ? -V ' ,tnoro':,KTIie.' th'ooght made Gtoffrty's ?head .ache \vi;li it physical puiii, br.i j'his -roufOa told him it wus best so After all, there were no bones broken j „tber* had been 1.0 lore scenes, an bi»f-, * (4o_ words that tun not be recalled ; whatever mis lay b^niuth tho surface, anil wbiln uppe 'a' ces wi;re kept up all was well. No doubt it was an hypocrisy, but theo hypocrisy is one of the groat pillars of civilization, and how does it matter what the beart says while tbo lips are silent 1 The Be corJing Angel can alone read hearts, aiid he must often find them singularly contradictory and untrustworthy writ ings. Die of them, die of her dreams ? No, Beatrice would not die of them, and cortainly he shoa'd not. Probably in tho and she would marry that pious earthly lump, Owen Duvies. It was not Dlnasant to think of. it was oven dreadfnl, but really if she were to ask him his opinion, ' aa a friend,' he should tell her it waB the best thing that she conld do. Of courso it would be hypocrisy again, tbe lips would give his heart the lie ; but when the heart rines in rebellion against the intelli gence it must be suppressed. Uufor tnnatcly, however, though a small member, it is very strong. They reached London at last, and as bod been arranged, Anne, the Eioncb bonne, met them at tbe station to take Effie home. Geoffrey noticed that she looked smarter and leas to his taste thuu ever. However, she embraced Effie with an enthusiasm which the child scarcely responded to, and at the same time carried on an ocular flirta tion with a ticket colleotor. Although it was so early in the year for fo-js, London was plnnged in a dense gloom. It had been misty tbat morning at Bryngblly, and become more and more »u as tbe day advanced ; but, though it waB not yet four o'cloob, London was dark as night. Luckily, however, it is not fur fiom Faddington to the flat near the Udgware road, whore Geoffrey lived, so having personally in strooted the cabman, be left Anus to convey Effie and the lnggagp, and went on to the Temple by Underground Railway with an easv mind. Shortly after Geoffrey reached his chambers in Pump Court the solicitor arrived as bad been arranged, not his uncle — who was, he learned, very un well— but a partner. To his delight he then found Beatrice's ghost theory was perfectly aocurate ; the boy with the missing toe-joint bad been dis covered who saw the whole horrible tragedy through a crack in the blind ; moreover the truth, bad been wrnng from him, and he wonld be produced at the trial— indeed a proof of hia evidence was already forthcoming. Also some specimens of the ex-lawyer's clerk'* handwriting bad been obtained, and were deolared by two expeits to be I identical with the writing on tho will. I One thing, however, di turbed him : neither the Ittorney-General or Mr Candleton was yet in town, so no con ference wss possible that evening. However, both were expected that night— the Attorney-General frum Devonshhe and Mr Candleton from the o intment ; so- the case being first on the list— it wss arranged that the con ference should take place at ten o'clock on the following morning.' On arriving home Geoffrey was in formed that Lady Honoria was dress ing, and had left a message saying be must be quick and do likewise as a gentleman was coming to dinner. Ac cordingly be went to his room— which was at the other end of the flat— and out on bis dre s clotheB. , Before going to the dining-room, however, he said good-ni^bt to Effie — who was in bed, but not asleep— and aBkcd her what time she had reached home.-, ' At twen*y minutes past five, daddy,' Eriie said promptly. ... - 'Tweuty minutes past ^fi.ve T Why, you don't mean to sgy you were an hour coming that little way 1 Did yon get blocked in the fog?' No, daddy, but——' '? ' But wha', dear?' ' Anne did tell me not to say I' ' But I tell yon to say, dear, never mind Anne 1' 'Anne stepped and talked to the ticket-man for a long, long time.' ?' Ob, diil she ?' he said. At tbat moment the parlourmaid oame to say that Lady Honoria and the 'gentleman ' were waiting for din ner. Geoffriy asked her casunliy what time Miss Effie had reaohed home. ' Abont half-past five, sir. Anne said the cab waB blocked in the fog,' 'Very well. Te'l her ladyship thai I shall be down in a minute.' ' Daddy,' said the child, ' I haven't said my prayers. Mother did not come, and Anne said it waB all non sense about prayers. Auntie did al ways me hear my prayers ' ' Yes, dear, and s6 will I. There, kneel upon my lap and say them.' I In the middle of her prayers— which Effie did not remember as well as she might have done— the parlormaid ar rived again. . ''Please, sir, her ladyship— ' '{Tell her ladyship I am coming, and j that if she is in ahurjy she can go to dinner! Go on, love.' Tlien he kissed her and put her to bed a gain. ' Daddy,' ' Effie said, as he was going, 'shall I see anntie Beatrice ady more ? ' ' I hope so, dear.' ? ' And shall you see her any more ? Yoh want to see her, don't von, daddy? She did love yon very much I ' - Geoffrey could bear it no longer. The truth is always sharper when it comes from the month of babes and sucklings. With a hurried good-night he fled, '? In tbe little drawing room he found Lady Honorin, very well dreBsed, and ' hIbo her friend, whose name was Mr Dunstan. G offrey knew bim at once for an exceedingly wealthy man ol small birth, and less breeding,- but ?» burning and shining light in the Gnr t-ingtou set. Mr. Duns-an waB anxious to rui-o himsell in society, and he thought that notwithstanding her poverty, Lady Honoria might be use ful to bim in tliia respect. Hence bin presence there to-nigbt. ' How do you dr, Geoffrey, 'said bis wife, advancing to greet bim with a ltiss of peace. ' You look very well'. But what an immense time you have been dressing. Poor Mr Dnnstan iB etarving. Let me see. Yon know Mi Diinstnn, I think. Dinner, Mary.' Q.*iffrer! apologised for being late, and shoiik hands politely with Mr Danitan — fiaint Dunstan he was generally oalled on account of his rather olerioal appearance, and ia sar castic nllasibn to his somewhat shady reputation. Then they went in to dinner. ' ' Sorry there is no Jady for yon, Geoffrey j but yon must haye hud plenty of ladies' society lato'y. By the way, how is Miss — Miss Grantor? Would you believe it Mr Danstan ? that shocking husband of mine has been passing the last month in the com pany of one of the loveliest girls I ever saw, who knows Latin and 'law, and everything elso nnder the sun. She began by saving his life— they were upset together out of a canoe, you know. Isn't it romantic 1 ' Saint Dunntnn made som- appro priate — or, rather inappropriate— remark to the effect that ho hoped Mr Bing ham had made the most of snoh un rivalled opportunities, adding, with a deep sigh, that no lovely young lady had ever saved his life that he might live for her, &o; , &c.; j Here G.-offrey broke in without much ceromony. To him it seemed a desecration to lis en while this person was making his feeble jokes abont Beatrice. ' Well dear,' ho said, addressing his wife, 'and what have you heen doing withyonrself all this time ?' ' Mourning for you, Geoffrey, and enjoying myself exceedingly in the intervals. We have had a delightful time, have we not, Mr Dunstan ? Mr Dun tan has also been slaying at the Hall, you kn-w. ' How could it be otherwise when ynu were there, Lady Honoria,'.: ans wered the saint in that strain of com pliment affected by suoh men, and which, to tell the truth, jarred on its objecr, who was after all a lady,' ' You know, Geoff.'ey,' sh went on ' the Garsingtons have refurnished the large had and their drawing-room. It cost eighteen hundred pounds but the result is l--vely . The drawing-room is done in hand painted white satin, walls and all. and tho hall in old oak 'Indeed! 'be answered, refleotine the while that Lord Garsington might ns well have paid some of bis debta be foto he spent eighteen bnndred pounds on his drawing room fnrnitnre. Then the Suiut and Lady Honoria drifted into a long and animated con versation about their fellow guests, which Geoffrey scaroely tried to follow. Indeed the dinner was a dull one for him/and ho added little or nothing to the sto k of talk. , When his wife left tbe room* how ever, he had to say something, so they spoke of shooting. The Saint had a redeeming feature, — be was somewhat of a Bportsman, though a poor one, and he described lo Geoffrey a new pair of hammerlesi guns, whioh he had bought for a trifling sum of d hundred and fortv miineas. recommending the pat tern to bis notice. , - 'Yes,' answered Geoffrey. ; 'I daresay they are very. nioe but, you see, they are beyond me. A poor man cannot afford so mnch forj' a; pair of: guns.' ' Oh, if that ia all,' answered; his guest, ' I will sail yon these ; they are a little too long in the stock .'for me, and you can payjne When you like. tOr, hang it all, I have pleiity of guns. .I'll be generous and give them to you. If I cmnot afford to be generous, I don't know who can ! ? ' Thanjr. -yaa-'Vlsty'mdcli, 'Mr Dnn 2J/ari,' answered Geoffrey, coldly, but I am no* in tbe habit of ^accepting such presents from my— acquaintances. Will you have a glass of sherry ?— no.; L'hen shall we join Lady Honoiia? ' This speech qnite crashed the vulgar but not ill-meaning Saint, and Geoffr--; was sorry for it a moment after he hud made it. But he wis .wenry .and out of temper. Why did his- wife being such people to the honse ? . Vory shortly alt ei wards their gnest to»k '.his leave, reflecting that Bingham was a conceited ass, and altogether too much for him. ' And I don't believe that h has got a thmsand a year,'' hJ re flected to himsdt, 'and the title is hi wife's. I suppose that is what he married her for. She's a mnch better sort than be is,, any way, though I don't quite make her out oither — one oan't go very fir wi h her But she is the daughter of a peer and worth cul tivating, but not wh«n Bingham is at home — not if I know it.' 'What have you said to Mr Dun Btan to make him go away so Boon, Geoffrey ? ' asked his wife. ' Said to him ? Oh, I don't know. Ha offered to give me a pair of guns, and I told bim tbat I did not accept presents from my acquaintances Really, Honoria, I do not want to io - terfere with yonr: way of life, bnt I do not understand how you can associate with snoh people as this VI r Dunstan.' ' Assooiate with him 1 ' answered Lady Honoria. Do you suppose I want to associate with him 1 Do you snppose.that I don't, know what the man is? ~ But beggars cannot be choosers ; he may be a cad, but he has thirty thou- and a year, and we simply oannot afford to throw away an acquaintance with thirty thousand a year. . It is too bad of you, Geoffrey, she went on with rising temper, ' when yon know all that I most pnt np with iu our miserable pover'y stricken life, to take every opportunity of making yourself disagreeable to tbe people I think it wise to - ask to , come and see us. Here am I, returning 'rom comfort; to tbis wretched place, and' the first thing that fuU do is to make a fuss. Mr Dun stan has got boxes at' seviral of the best tbeatresj and he offered to let m» have one of them whenever I liked, and now, of course, there is an end of it. It iB too bad, I say,' I 'It is real! v curious. Honoria.' said her husband, 'to see what obligations' you are ready to pat yourself nnder in search pf'p'easure; It ie not dignified of yon io sccept boxes at tbeattes from this gentleman.' ' Nonsense, There is no obligation abont it. If he gave us a box, of course he would make a point of looking -in during the evening, and then telling his friends thai it was. Lsdy'Honbria Bingbaa. he was speaking to— tbat is the exohange. I want to go to the thoatre he wants to get into good j society— there yon have the thing in a j nutshell. It is done every day, The I fact of the matter is, Geoffrey,' she wont on, looking very muoh as though' she were about to burst into a flood of angry tears. ' as I said jusl now— beggars cannot bo choosers— I cannot live like the wife of a banker's clerk. I mast hive' some amusement, and some comfort, before I become an old woman. If you don't like it, why did you entrap me into this wretched marriage, before I was old enough -0 know better, or why do you not m ike enough money to keep .me in a way suitable to my position 1' ' We have argned that question be fore, Honoria,' said Geoffiey, keeping his temper with difficulty, 'and now there is another thing I wish to say to you. Do you know that detestable woman, Anno, stopped for more thnn half an hour at Paddington station this evening, flirting with a tioket collector, instead of bringing Effie hone nt onoe, a9 I told her to do. I am very angry abont it. She is not to be relied on ; we sball have some accident with tho child before we have done. Cannot you disoliargo her and got another nurse? ' I ' No, I can nut. She is the one comfort I have. Where am I going to find another 'woman who can make dresses like Anne — she saves me a| hundred a year— I don't care if she I flirted with fifty ticket collectors. I suppose you got this story from EE*, tlie child ought to be whippod for tule bearing, and I daresay that it is not true.' ' Effie will oertaialy not be whip ped,' answered lieoffry, sternly. ' I worn yon that it will go very badly with anybody who lays a fioerer on her,' Oh, very well,, ruin the^ohHd. Go your own way, Geoffrey. At any rate, I am not going to stop here to listen to any more abuso. Good n ght,' and she went, Geoffrey sat down and lit a cigarette. 'A pleasant .home-coming,' ; he thought to himself. 'Honoria shall have mon»y. as much as she can spenn — if I kill myself to gee it, she shall have it. What a life, what a life ! I wonder if Beatrice would . treat her husband iike this — if she had one.' He laughed aloud at the absurdity of the idea, and then, with d gesture of impatience, threw his oigarette into the fire and went to his rootu to try and get some Bleep, for he was thoroughly wearied. [IO BE- CONTINUED. 1 