TASMANIAN TOURISTS. Lost on Mount Wellington. Flowers, Ferns, and Foolhardiness. A Trip to Tasmania—Sights of the Place—The Biggest Man in the World—The S. T. Pheno- menon. (By Rambler.) "Lost on the mountains." Well, that does not signify a very great deal to the general run of humanity unless the lost one happens to be a pet of society. But to the lost ones and their friends it means much. Unless you have been lost in the bush yourself you cannot imagine what the feeling is. It is awful, terrifying, and drags the unhappy victim to the lowest depths of despair. Lost on the mountains or in the bush means that there is nothing round you but tall, haggard gum trees or tangled undergrowth, while perhaps you cannot see the blue sky. The Australian forests are awful in their gloomy grandeur and magnificent in their melancholy. Nature has not been bountiful to us, for she has not supplied in berries or nuts the wherewithal to sustain life. Should you eat of our thousand and one varieties of berries, you will probably die in agony, alongside which death from star- vation is simple and easy. There is not one cheering aspect in the Australian forests. A deep funereal shade overhangs all, and renders them heartrendingly desolate. So, should you happen to be lost beneath these frowning trees with their almost leafless branches, and surrounded by tall, giant, ghost-like trunks, you will understand the hardihood that tempted your fathers to penetrate these primeval forests. There is in this one respect, at least, no land in the world akin to our own. The solitary stock- man or boundary rider, as he gallops his way around, looks only for the companionship of his horse, and between animal and rider there grows up a sympathy and love which dwellers in cities and crowded countries can never hope to enjoy. Australian vegetation is long since dead in other lands. It is peculiar in itself. The animal life of our forests is grotesque and weird, and our beautifully-plumaged birds cannot echo the lovely notes we hear in the fatherland. There is about the Australian bush a mysterious something which cannot be ex- plained, but the lonely dweller beneath the gigantic gum trees recognises a subtle charm. The wind moans drearily through these great trees, and it has a saddening influence on those who listen to it. I have spent much of my life in this wilderness of trees, and even now, though I have not been in tho bush for five or six years, at times feel its influence upon me. I, too, have been lost in the bush, and can recognise, in some degree, the intense degree of depression that must have laid hold of those unfortunate Victorians who were foolhardy enough to attempt to scale the heights of lofty and lonely Mount Wel- lington (Tasmania) without a guide. Tasmania, as everybody knows, is one of the show beauty spots of the southern world. It ranks level with New Zealand, the won- derland of the world. Visitors to the little island can gain but a superficial knowledge of its hundred and one charms. They go to the capital and spend their couple of weeks or so in glancing at one place and another. Brown's River, Kangaroo Point, Knock Lofty, Ralph's Bay, Mount Direction, Mount Nelson, New Norfolk, the Cascades, Derwent, Lindesfarne Bay, and the biggest man in the world, each have their attrac- tions, but towering above all is Mount Wellington, with its rocking-stone, its falls, fern tree bower, springs, snow pinnacle, and glittering crystal streams of water, gathered from the dews that in summer fall so lightly on its huge rooks. A trip to Hobart is in- complete without a visit to the mountain, which, taking its first rise directly from the shores of the river and sea, rises boldly and giantlike to a height bordering on 5000ft. He is a grand old fellow, truly, and no matter how often you may ramble over his spacious domains the desire is always present to do so again. Every native of the city is a mountaineer. There are several ways of reaching the pin- nacle. Going by the tower is the easiest, but although the most difficult by far, the New Town route is the most interesting. The visitor then follows a purling stream, that now and then dashes in little cataracts over immense boulders, and is enclosed by an impenetrable scrub. There is no getting off the track unless by chance. Going that way, too, you will stumble across a tree, which, when the memorable landslip of 12 years ago took place, was torn up by the roots and dragged from its soaring position to the earth. This tree is some 320ft. long, and at the base of the trunk as it lies on the earth is over 20ft. high. It was a great tree once, second in magnitude only to Lady Franklin's pet tree, 368ft. high, 87ft. round the girth some feet from the ground, and 27ft. in diameter. But man generally pre- fers the easier way of ascent, by the lower and the silver falls on to the springs that jingle forth from rocks and the half- way house, where the traveller for much consideration can have a sip of tea and a smoke, should he be so inclined. Ladies, too, go that way, and more daring spirits mount to the summit. From the top what a far-reaching scene is to be viewed. Beneath, on one side, rests Hobart, with the river encircling it, on the other is the broad expanse of the ocean. Behind are the everlasting hills, and ahead on the other side of the Derwent is another range of mountains. The eye can distinguish tho erratic Pittwater, Bruni Island, the Huon River, and even far away in the distance Port Arthur, a spot made lovely and picturesque by nature, and horrible in the extreme by man. Of Port Arthur Marcus Clarke said:—"The pen was never handled that could describe its beauties," and I am in accord with the sentiment. The soul that is not raised by a sight of this place must be incapable of poetry, or indeed elevation of any kind. To gloat over and drink in this panorama a party of Victorians left Hobart at an early hour on Monday morning. They were thoroughly convinced they could manage to find the way up. Not only was it their desire to see what was to be seen from the pinnacle, but also to visit that wonderful freak of nature which forms a heterogeneous mass of columns that in the distance, with the precipitous background, look for all the world like the pipes of some great organ, and are so called. There is also another natural freak that is phenomenal. In the month of September, when spring is approaching and the warm sun has begun to melt the snow, there appears, when the sur- face snow has been turned into cold, cold water, and only that between the ridges of the rocks is left, the magical letters, properly and distinctly formed, S T, interpreted as meaning and heralding springtime. The phenomenon is plainly visible from all parts of Hobart, and I have seen it often. The strangest part, however, is that it is only at the one particular season is it visible. I can from my knowledge of the mountain picture what those Victorians who lost themselves the other day did. No doubt they reached tho finger-post on the Huon- road right enough, and thence followed the beaten tracks to the springs. Charmed with their success so far they determined at all hazards to reach the summit. But they bargained without their host. So far all was plain sailing and fair weather. From the springs to the top there is an un- marked track, only known to those who have followed it more than once. Just beyond the springs—Old Jack's it used to be called —are the ploughed fields. Do not think there is any cultivation up there. The ploughed fields show a rocky country, and the rooks, on a gigantic scale, bear a resem- blance to the puny clods of newly turned over and scarified turf. To all but the prac- tised eye the guiding marks are invisible, and once the mountaineering novice gets fairly on the fields it's only by luck he gets out again. He is lost on the mountains. There is no foliage, no tree—nothing but massive rocks, and in between them a depth that descends, for aught I or anyone else knows, to the very bowels of the earth. So these Victorians got lost there, and wandered about for two days and two nights, until the sturdy search party despatched to look for them found them, half-famished with hunger, weary, and sore. The mountain air at night even in summer is bracing, and when the breeze that starts in its career from the further- most south seas sweeps across it bitter cold. I have known a party of local residents to lose themselves, and have to stand exposure for a couple of nights. There is truly no fun, and no romance in it, for I have been lost there myself, though only for a few hours, and in a slight degree write from experience. It is no child's play to scale Mount Wellington. I have known fogs envelope the whole range in a few moments, and in those fogs it was impossible to see with any clearness a yard ahead. The only thing to do then is to wait until the fog lifts or the friendly horn is heard, and in the latter case great caution is essential in moving about, for if you attempt to go direct to whence the sound comes the chances are you will topple over a 50ft. cliff, into a mass of thick, heavy undergrowth, from which your mangled body may never be recovered. If the Tas- manian visitor has no guide, let him shun Wellington as in days gone by he would Buonaparte and take to his heart Nelson. Mount Nelson is the signal station at the port, and is within a couple of hours' easy walk of the city, and the genial officer in charge will be only too glad to let you look through his glasses and admire the shores of the river, and the breakers of the ocean. Nothing has so far been said of the floral beauties of the Mount. There is no animal life except at the foot, where an occasional rabbit burrows, or perhaps a stray wallaby bounds with heavy regular thump through the thick furze. No sweet song of bird is heard. There is a desolate dampness about the trees between the finger-post and the springs, which birds shun. But in the two or three dry areas, small in extent, the dicky and the robin are sometimes seen hopping from branch to branch, while at rare intervals a tiny nest is found. Of the flowers and the berries, who can tell the beauty? The delicate blue berry, the bright happy-looking red berry, and the snow- white berry. The ferns, great tall tree ferns, 20ft. and 30ft. high, spreading their fronds like some palm tree of dark Africa; the exquisite maiden-hair, and the thousand other varieties growing from between the towering rocks far beyond all reach. Pretty flowers gaily deck the way all along, the charming clematis clustering round some stout tree, the wild violet meekly showing its delightful head just above the ground, and all the others, some unnamed and some with names only known to those who ramble over the hills. The blue berry grows on a fine creeper, which entwines itself like tangled braid round stunted bushes and tall trees. One has to be careful in releasing it from its bondage, or else it will tear to pieces. The red berry, like the white, grows on a small bush. What perils one goes through to reach them, and now one struggles to get even one piece of the curiously-shaped but beautiful waratah! There is no scent from the flowers, but some of the trees give out a sweet smell mellowed by distance. Blackberry bushes grow in thick masses, the berries them- selves are when ripe of fine size, and every- body knows how delicious they are to eat. Of a fine Sunday in the season blackberrying parties are all the rage. At the top of Macquarie-street, at the back of the old prison-house, used now as a criminal lunatic asylum, there are hundreds of yards of bushes, and no one need have fear of snakes. Near the corner there are acres of rich strawberry beds. In the mountain streams are fine lobsters, which the school- boys spend their odd holdidays in spearing, cook- ing and eating. These are some of the attractions of this latter-day Garden of Eden. 