EXTRAORDINARY . KOtNTAIN STE8TERY A GOLDPISLD STOHT. ' J ' Don't tliink of it now- Dalton's a gen tleman of leisure, and not a detective. I suppose Mack has trumped up tliis notion for the benefit of Ms lawless confederates, to get them to farther ''Ms schemes the more easily.' ' Then you haven't suspected that possi bly Selwyn may have dropped a hint of this sort to Mack ?' Vernet looked thoughtful. * There might be something in that,' he Bam. l must discuss it with Stanhope.' ' How did you settle it with him?' asked the doctor, nodding toward Connolley, n-ho was riding a little to one side of them. ' Capitally ; we understand each other. He will act with us, and he a valuable help. He has got his cue, and I don't think he will make any' more mistakes.' ' I saw you talking with Strong this mombg,' ventured the doctor, after a time. ' Yes. That man's a host in himself '} he meets you half way, and understands a liint. We've planned our next exjjedi tion already.' ' Umph ! may I inquire how many Regu lators you mean to take next time ?' ' One,' answered Vernet, smiling. ' When vre go out again it will be to conquer, hut ? uot by numbers.' ; ' How then ?' ' By strategy.' 'WTien the robber hunters, voluntarily returning from their abandoned chase, had reached the outskirts of the t'bwn, Con oolley hailed them. ' Men,' he said, ' what I am going to say, Is just this : We set out to hunt stage robbers, and if some of ye aren't satisfied (vith the way the thing's ended, I don't blame ye. There was an idea amongst us that some spies were in the bush last (light, and that if we had waited we might e. had a scrimmage. Now, I guess, you all know me well enough to be sure that I wasn't scared out. If our enemies had all been in the bushes, we'd a ^jeen there this minute ; but the enemies we had to fear most was amongst ourselves, just waiting a chance to stab or shoot us in the back. There wasn't a ghost of a show for honest fightin' or for anything but jest murder. If I'd a found this out afore 'we started, there wouldn't been any start. If I hadn't found it out at all half of us — the honest half, most likely — would a been corpses afore night. Sence we've been a organised band, and ye've called me Captain, we've had some robber hunts, and we?ve allus failed. We couldn't see why. Now I say, from the very first we've had traitors amongst us. See if ye can't put two and -two together. I ain't a goin' to point 'em out, nor to name 'em ; there ain't no need.' He paused a moment: -and then re* sumed : * Now men, honest Regulators and dis-. honest, as 1 was the one to organise this band, I am the one to say that the Regu lators of Caledonia are disbanded, from this time out, and I do say it. I give up my office of captain. You're your own men. |5oys — you that are true blue — I'm sorry-weTnust part this way, ljut it's the^ only way. I'm sorry I can't tell you my ' reasons for doin' as I am doin.% but-I can't. Now I say to you, do yer duty by your-: selves and each other, and don't trust any man till you've tried him/ His voice fell rather huskily at the' last, and with the final word he waved his hand, turned his horse's head, and rode slowly toward Caledonia. It had been agreed that they should separate upon reaching the town, and when Connolley turned, Doctor Mitchell made a BtifE little f arewell gesture to Vernet and Dalton, and rode straight toward his cottage. Then Dan Strong, seeming to waken from a state of profound surprise, struck his horse smartly, and without one glance at the others gallopped after Connolley. At this moment a young man with keen, blue eyes, and a ' clear, resonant voice, rode out from among the Regulators, who had remained .. in their places, each seemingly waiting for the other to move. ????'? ?Boys,' he said, wheeling and facing them, i before we break ranks I'd like to say a word to ye.' He paused and glanced apkance at Vernet and Dalton. 'We are de trop,' said Vernet smiling ; and he touched his hat to the assembled band and rode townward, followed hy his friond. As they were nearing their hotel, there cam e the sound of galloping feet behind them, and then Finlayson dashed past, accompanied by a dark-faced mas, who turned his head to bestow upon Vernet a grin and a significant wink. * There's mischief brewing,' said Vernet,, looking after the flying horsemen. ' Where ?' asked Dalton. 1 Among those disbanded Regulators. That man with Finlayson iB one'of the two- whom Connolley set to watcfo^him.lasjb; night ; and the one who addressed the men, as we left them, was -the other. They both have good reason to think Finlayson one of the traitors.' That evening, beginning at sundown, 'Van Vernet held a strange audience ^in Doctor Mitchell's, cpttage. . First, it was Vernet, Dalton, and Doctor Mitchell who talked long and animatedly, seeming finally to agree, and 'to understand each other perfectly. Then the Doctor and Dalton left the cottage and went town vrard. , ? . . ''..',. . Soon after Connolley came, and when lie and Vernet had . consulted, earnestly, for naif an hour, and apparentlyliad settled fcome vexed question, Vernet changed the ?abject by asking abruptly : ? ConnoUey, .had you and . your.- Regu lators no penalty for traitors ?'.. ' Why, yes,' replied Gonnelley,1 ' we' tad.' .-?.-*-.. ''What was it?' - - - ? ' Death, after a fair hearing, if the crime was proved.* . ' I wonder/ ventured- 'Vernet, 'that some of your men didn't demand the name of the traitors.' . '?'/-.'.'? *. They knew better,' - said their late; leader. ' If I'd ar had positive proof , I was 'bound to name the man 5 if :ikotap-5OulcUi'i raame him; .They,. all under8topa,jmy,posi-; tion. ' It was part of our obligation.' . ' But,' persisted Vernet, * surely you had sufficient proof against that fellow Hicks.' * Hicks ? Oh, yes ; but he wasn't a Regu lator. He wanted to join, but I wouldn't accept him.' ' Oh, ho ! But you set two of your men to watching Fjnlay son last night. You had to tell them something ?' ' Tes ; I told them that Finlayson needed watching. That was enough. They're sharp fellows — sharper than me — they've told me -?nore thaii «o3iee: that Finlayson was crooked!' 'Well,' said Vernet, -I rather think these two men mean to try and locate' the treachery.' * Let 'em,' said Connolley grimly. When j Connolley had gone, Vernet sat for some time alone. Then a light tap announced a new visitor, and he sprang up, his face brightening. It was Charlie Car son, who entered, and Vernet's countenance .fell. * Where's Dick?' he asked quickly. ' He couldn't come, He's watching at Mack's with both eyes.' * What is it ? anything new ?' * Well, I don't just know. He's making friends with Kit Duncan, one of Mack's, hoppers ' — * hoppers' was Charlie's idiom for dancers — - and he's got a sharp lookout on a little singer named Harry Hatch. There's another thing ; 'he told me to tell you that the Regulators were up to some thing. They're gathering on the quiet and a couple of them are sticking so tight to Finlayson that he can't get out of their sight.' . . An hour later Dr. Mitchell came back, and Connolley was with lii™. * I've persuaded him to sleep here,' said the Doctor to Vernet, who was about to return to his hotel. Vernet had been gone half an hour, and the Doctor and Connolley were still smoking and talking, when footsteps came hurriedly up to the door, and a loud, quick rap roused them. It was one of Mack's bar teepers who stood before them when the Doctor opened the door. * Is Connolley ? ,' he began, and then his eyes fell upon the ex-chieftain. « Oh, Connolley, here you. are ! I'd like to see you outside for a minute.' * -I guess you can say anything thafs on your mind right here,' saidConnolley, with out -rising. - * But it's a message from Mack.' * I'd come outside for you quicker'n I would for Mack, Jim. Out with it.' * Well, Mack's got wind that a lot of your Regulators are down on Finlayson, and likely to do him mischief. He wants you to come up and try to quiet them.' ' Tell Mack he's out of his head,' said Connolley coolly. '« -There ain't any Re gulators.* And tell Mack that he can get the same mob that was ready to attaJek Dalton last night, to protect Finlayson.' ? 'Then you won't come ?' asked the mes senger. Connolley turned about in Ms chair and placed. his feet upon a camp-stool. '* Kot much,' he said over his shoulder. The first man who rode out of town to the. southward next morning, found the ibody*of Finlayson hanging to a beam that was elevated upon two tall, newly set posts. Caledonia was scattered over a treeless plain, and Finlayson's executioners had erected that impromptu and exceedingly simple -gallows in order to leave the body of the traitor hanging on the very -spot where the Regulators had been disbanded. No attempt was made to punish the per petrators of this deed. -.- . . ( Ye se, we can't hang all the Eegula tors,' said an oracle to a knot of corner gossips, * and they won't peach on each other. The honest ones won't and the guilty ones dassent.' ' I knew them fellows was up to mis chief,' said Dan Strong, * but 'taint far me to be too inquisitive about who done it.' *-No Sir 1* said Connolley, in answer to an insinuation, 'I didn't have no part in it. But if ever we find the head of these, sneakin' go-betweens who pretend to be good citizens and are aH the time in. cahoots with the robbers, I'll take a hand in that -hanging j- now ypn -bet V - ????:?.?:'- ??' ' '' ' Vernet a^ld 'Dalt-m' drove 'to the rancnV that morning. They -told the story of the day before to Barbara and .Mag, and brought away with them the letters Vernet had desired, and an excellent photograph of Stephen Wray. .'We have decided to keep the guns you .were good enough! to lend us, Miss Brood',' said Vernet to Mag, when they were about to go. 'We are making a little collection of arms,' and he laughed lightly.' - - ? ^ * Xeep them,' said Mag heartily;; 'and take more- if you like.' . , ? .-: : j * Thank you/ said Vilrnet. * Miss Wray, liave you' made the acquaintance .- of . the arsenal?': . -?? ' ' That :she has/ cried Mag, seeing that Barbara blushed and .hesitated; ' She's been -^practising pistol-shooting, and she's doing well.' ?'?.'?. ? ' - . * Really ??' asked Vernet, still looking to Barbara for his answer. '?' ' * Yes/ she assented j * I've Tiroken the ice. - jt. -dojx'jb *Tii*vk even, an arrant flatterer .could call idle a : good shot y_ Srtit I've learned to load a, pistol, .and I; think I could.nre it without hitting myself , or^-' with '-'ai side glance at Balton.4rr* shutting my eyes.'- . ' ..'-' ' ;;..- -.: . ?..:.. . ....?,-'._ ??????.?' ??.; '' * Y*«i havn?t been perfectly candid,' eaid Dalton, smiling. :; * Ton did not '' jf&y; wifiv pont- fe£i.s r Confess ?; were you not afraii-of the tibixngP ??-..'--.--.-:. ^-«. - ;v*.- : _?:?-.-.: . * Horribly, at first/ she admitted. * And now ?' queried Vernet. ' Now ? Why, it's only a test of the nerves after all. I am no longer afraid of the weapon. Mag says I'm -going to be a marksman. Won't that be an accom plishment to take with me to the East ?'. Then suddenly her countenance saddened and her eyes fell, at the thought of her father. 1 Courage,' said Vernet, iii a low tone, and extending his hand ; « we have all .things to hopeior. ^ -J^haH,!begin..now to report progress regularly, Miss Wray 5 every day, perhaps.' ? - ' Oh, thank you/ she said impulsively. ' It will be su3h. a relief, even if your news is ever so little.' ^-He was as good as his word. Everyday during the week that followed, he drove, with Dalton, over the velvety prairie to the home of Mountain Mag. UsuaUy they made these visits after an early breakfast, dining at 12 with Mag and Barbara, and then back to Caledonia before even ing- One day, Stanhope, who, in the character of Dick Carson, and living in the same house with Vernet and Dalton, was much in their society, manifested a desire to supplant Dalton. His request, of course, was proffered in the absence of the latter, who only knew him as Charlie Carson's brother. * I think it can be managed, Dick/ Vernet answered, ' if you make your re quest in Dalton's hearing. I've a half notion that,, these long trips bore . him a little.' . ' 'So have 1/ said Stanhope signifi cantly. - ?Vernet turned; and eyed his friend keenly. * Dick/ he said, 'you've got some idea or iof ormation that you're keeping from me.' (to be continued.) 