THE TA.?IP'S EETIRTN. Back from the highway thehindeos ware Their stately leave, i, the deepenin light. Behind them rises a moss-gro-wn roof, Liken lone -rev ghost in tlIe misLty night SNo home-light gleam through the broken pane; No house-dog warch. theep rn door ; -N voi'esa wable a sweet rnfrain; No patter of footsteps across the floor. Lone and deserted the old housestands, In ehadowy grief by the hiden traee. The nigh:-birds flit through the silent roomo , Where softly enters the evening breeze. But where are the voices whoSe jo-you s uad MLade merry each rafter and windowpane ? Where are the dear ones who waoched with love Thesteps that 1attered a sweet refrain ? One bh one they were garnered in : To the fult of the tender Shepherd's ctr ; Who keeps from danger and fre? from sin Ali who are gathered and waiting there. Until of the number who thre did dwell, With carelee l n'hter, merry and free; ant three wereleft mr the eottae gly 'Seath the moes-grown roof and the linden tree. Father and mother and youngest barn Alone wer left 'neath the old roof-tree ; Alone they wept o'er the puhe!eas forms : For the faces they never again could see. But buorantyouth, with his hopefulheart, Inoke forth to 'the future with longing And eather and mother, and bone and friends Were left for the beauty of fairer skies. Out on the highway a ragged form Came, feebly nalton by the broken gate. Who a? hisfriends and where is his home? Where is lie going to- night so late ? Only a tramp ! to be shu:nned of men; Homernsand friendiess: hungry andpwr; Why does he pause in the misty light, And sadly look toward the cottage door ? Ooly a tromp. to be soffedl at and jeered, And driven with loathing from door to door, Monerles'. homeless, friendless, and lone; Honesick and weary, heartbroken and poor. Osy a rrmp a with a groan of despair, IHetrembhlngly opens thebroken gate : Andfree through the a aful stillness there That he has returned, alas ! too lae ! No loving voice welomes the tramp's return As feebly he totters towards the door. Fatherless, motherless, homeless and lone; Tired and discouraged ; friendless and poor. No one to pity him; none to forgive ; No one to succour him : none to cares ; No one to care for him ; sick and alone ; God pity the tramp in his homelessness. -H~xt B.a.ror DExsxoaE, in floral iTorld.. 