Good from Evil. PRISON-REFORMER, PIERREDOUAR. Render tribute to slippery Pierre Douar, Who glided from Pentridge Stockade, And made clear, to the press and the public, Of what poor stuff gaol warders are made. Their eyes are afflcted with blindness, Their hearing is faulty and duoll, A convict, who has any gumption, Finds small trouble such keepers to gull. He can store up those tools in his dungeon That may aid him to make an escape, He may cultivate both hair and whiskers, And laugh at the laws of red tape. He may bore thro' the doors or the windows, And not draw attention to that; May perambulate passage and court-yard, While no one suspects what he's at. He may pass from the gaol as a pigeon Flies forth from its cote on the pole; His-movements unnoticed, uncared for, Independent of prison control. All this has been proved by Pierre Douar, Who fled, without trouble or toil, From the quiet seclusion of Pentridge, Back again to the city's turmoil. No warder was there to knock silly, No keeper to stun or garotte,' No attendant to skilfully baffle, No sentry by Pierre to be shot. He passed as a ghost through a panel, Disappeared as a sprite thro' a wall; Bolts and tars, bartizan, barricadoes, Didn't hamper his movcuents at all. And yet the stern gaolers, ungrateful, Ignoring this lesson of Pierre's, When again they had pounced on and caught him, Repaid him with chains for " two years." But now has begun a great wrangling As to how This disaster was scored; The P.S.B. blame the boss of the prison, Mr. Brett throws the blame on the Board. " They took all the best of his warders, And were deaf to his expert advice. Their constant, unwise interference Upset the Stockade, box and dice." Pierre Douar has raised this discussion, He has set forth the flaws in the gaol. Organisation, reform, and alertness, Will be now introduced without fail. Pierre's disaster has wrought public service, Martyr's rank he may certainly claim ; If gaol doors hang temptingly open, Is the rogue who goes through them to blame ? 