ROMANISM: ITS ASSUMPTIONS, ABOMINATIONS, AND DOOM. (By Rev, T. L. Malton, LL.B.) (Third Article.) , We now come to the fiagitiously anti-sorip- taralidogma of Transnbstantiation, which is now enforced, as it was in the 16th cehtnry, under penalty of eternal perdition. But to primitive Christianity this dogma was utterly unknown. The Romish hierarchy know well enough that when it was first formally pro pounded by Paschasius Radbert, in the year 01 o m a vv 4 vh a 4 — fa.? OAOj it UiCt WItU tU«9 UJUDi DtlOIiUUUb UppOBlUlOD By Archbiebop Babanus, by Bertram, by Heribald and others, it was specially and most emphatically condemned. Before it conld be received it was necessary to abrogate the authority of Pope Gelasius, and that too of the Iconoclastic Council of Constantinople, A.D. 754. By the middle of tbe eleventh century the assumption of this novel dogma had obtained such authoritative recognition that Berengarius, of Tours, a canon and teacher in the cathedral school of his own city, and afterwards Archdeacon of Angers, was condemned and imprisoned in 1050, for holding tenaciously to the primitive doctrine. But the leaven of error continned to spread, and fifty.years later the memorial Sapper of the Lord - was changed into a " sacrifice." Not until the 13th century, however, was this , unauthoriHed novelty declared to be an essential aiticle of faith, when the sangninary Pope Innooen amid the silence, and there-: fore-wi'th the assumed consent of the Pohrth Council of: the Lateran, in the year 1215, ; prononnced it necessary to salvation. Alter this it only remained for Honorius HI., in 1217, to inetitnte the elevation and adoration of the .Host, and the oorruption and oaricatare of the Christianity of the New Testament were complete. In saying all this I am saying nothing of an exaggerated character. In this instance, at.least,. the. Protestant narration and tbefactsi of history are identical, and these facts may . be gathered ihL abundance from hiBtprianB_ and other scholars within the pale of the Romish Church itself. Let us see. As to , TraDsubstantiation, the famous Dr. John Duns Scotue, teacher at Oxford, Paris, and Cologne, and whose scbolarBhip and dialectic talent won for him the title of Doctor mbtilis (tbe Subtle Doctor), says distinctly, that be fore the Council of Lateran transubstantiation was not an article of faith. Ho also main tained that there was no place of Soriptnre express enough to prove that dogma witZtout Church authority (Bellarmine, lib. iii, do Euch, cap. 28) Saurez, also, the well known Jesuit, in reference to this snbject says: " From the doctrine of the faith it is collected that those schoolmen are to be corrected who teach that this doctrine concerning ttiis con version or transnbstantiation is not. very ancient, amongst whom are Sootus, and Gabriel Biel." To this evidenco may be added that of the Roman Catholic Bishop Tonstal, who says (De Euch. lib. i, p. 46), " Of the manner and means of the real pres ence, how it might be either by transnbatan- tfation or otherwise, perhaps it had been better to leave any one who would be cnrions to hie ovM opinion, as before the Council of Lateran it was left." Many more such testi monies might be cited, but there is no neces sity for doing'80 on the present occasion. There are no fewer than seven points upon which Roman Catholic authorities admit that there is a departure on her part from primi tive Christianity, and Troft'ubBtantiation as an article of faith is one of thim. The re mainder are : Communion in our kind, or " half-commnnion ; " private mass ; the Apocrypha ; prayers in an unknown tongue ; celibacy of the priests ; and, tbe use and worship of imae-es. 1\. To prove that private mass is a novelty it is only reqnisite to quote the words of CocbleuB, who says (Cassan, 9, 79, Colsn. 1568,) Anciently all the priestB did com municate together, as appeareth by the canons of the Apostlee, and writings of ancient fathers, bnt now, since the order of communi cating together bath ceased, by the negligence of priests and pastors, the Holy Ghost hath taught ns a. remedy against their elothfulness in celebrating of private mass." 2\. That the sacrament in one kind is of recent date may be clearly shown by the following quotation from the Council of Con stance : " Though Christ instituted the von- erahle sacrament under both kinds, and though, in the primitive Church the sacrament was received by the faithful in both kinds, yet this custom, that it should be received by laymen under the kind of bread only, is to be held for a law which may not be refused." (Lahhe. Con. Seas. 13, Paris, 1672.) Could the force of wicked assumption further go ! Thomas Aquinas, one of the canonised saints of the Romish Calendar, also unequivocally affirms that " According to ancient custom, all those who once were partakers of the communion of Chris t's body, were partakers also of the communion of His blood." As early, indeed, as 450, Pope Leo expressly condemned "the novelty of half-communion," as did also Pope Gelasius in 492. And though it was absolutely prohibited by the Council of Clermont under Pope Urban II. in- 1095, tbe Council of Constance enjoined it, for the first time, in 1414. 3\. As to prayers in an nnknown tongne, Nicholas de Lyra, a great commentator in the 14th century, observes : " If thou bless in the spirit, ' and the people understand thee not, what profit hath the simple people there by, not understanding- thee ? Therefore, in the primitive Church, the blessings, and all the common devotions, were performed in the vulgar tongue." 4\. Concerning image worship, Casaander pays : " How much the ancient Fathers did abhor all manner of worshipping of images, oven Origen declares against Ce'sus " (p. 975. Paris, 1616.) 5\. As to the Apocrypha, Hugh de Victor, in the 12th century, says : "All the canonical books of the Old Testament are twenty-two. There are other books also, as the Book of Solomon, the Book of Jesus, the Books of Judith, TobiaSj and the Maccabees, which are read, but notvxrittenin the canon," Nicholaede Lyra remarks : " After that, with the help of God, I have handled the canonical books of Scripture, beginning from Genesie, and pro ceeding to the end of the Apocrypha ; being confident of the same aid and aseistance, I propose to write of these books which are not in the canon, ns, namely, the Book of Wisdom, Ecclesiasticus, Judith, Tobias, and the Maccabees." 6\. Upon the snbject of celibacy, -neas Sylvias, afterwards Pope Pins, admits : " Marriage, which was: taken away from the priests, with great reason, for greater reason ought to be restored." (" Sacerdotibus magna rations sublatus nuptias, major! reslituendas videri.") On all these points, therefore, the Chnrch of Rome has confessedly changed, and in each case has invited hostile and justifiable con demnation by the criminality of her arrogant and wicked assumptions. The anti-scriptural Romish doctrine of priestly absolution, also, was nnknown before the year 1000. In 1022 penance was first commuted for money. But what it wasiwhich was thus commuted it is not easy to say, for it was not until the year 1140 that the three parts of penance were first defined. The establishment of auricular confession dates only from the: year 1215, by the Fourth Lateran Connoil. " This is the first canon that I know of," says Fleury (Eccles, Hist., tom. xvi. p. 375) " which has commanded general confesBion." Before this, however, "Chrode- gang. Bishop of Metz, had been the first to enjoin oomjialaory oral confession, in 763 ; bnt the custom was restricted to his own monastery. "C'est la premiere fois que je trouve !a confession commandee." (Fleury's Eccles.- Hist., toin. ix., p. 426.) The cere mony of extreme unction was introduced in the year 528 ; even then, however, there was nothing sacramental about it. Notudtil tbe year 850 was it sanctioned by antborityi and elevated to the rank of a sacrament. Confirma tion, as a sacrament, wae then just five years old; it had been instituted in 845, but was not authoritatively enjoined until 1547. In 470, angel-viorship was condemned by the Council of Laodicea. Epipbanius denounced it as a heresy. In 764, image-worship was condemned by the Council of Oonstantiaople. But in 600, saints were installed in place of tbe Dii minoret ; and in 617 the invocation of saints was first introduced into the Liturgy of 'the Romish Church. "The origin of the practice, like that of many other things authorised by the same Church, is distinctively and undeniably pagan, in proof of which ample evidence is accessible. In 933 this in troduction was sanctioned by a Panal Bull of John XV., when the Lord's Prayer was allowed to be said to the saints 111 In 705 Leo III. ordered the nse of incense. Holy water followed, in 852, by order of the Capitular of Hincmar. The marriage of the clergy was permitted until 1068. In 1074 their compulsory celibacy was enforced by Pope Hildebrand. The year 998 witnessen the first appointment of p-ayors to deliver Bouls out of purgatory. Ahf I for the poor souls departed in the thousand years preceding. In 1300, Pope Boniface VllL, instituting the First Jubilee, first granted indulgences, extend ing to Bonis in purgatory ; but it was not until 1390, and then by B nifuco IX-, that indulgences wore made a matter of morohan- dise. The first authoritative declaration that there were seven saoraments, instead of two as taught In the New Testament, dates from the :year 1439. Not until 1546 was tradition placed on a level with Holy Scripture. In the following year the iniquitous and per- nicious doctrine of intention was for the first time decreed. In 1476 Pope Sixtus IV. first ordained the Feast of Immaculate Conceptioa ; of the Virgin Mary. This doctrine, when first propounded, had been condemned, in 1140, by the saintly Bernard as " false, new, vain, and snperstitiona." But in the year 1854 it was again promulgated, under pain of anathema, by Pope Pins IX., and on July 18, . 1870, the same Pope, nnder the same dread penalty, promulgated as an aitiolo of faith necessary to salvation, the belief in his own personal infallibility. To this, however, I shall have occasion to refer later on. To add to this enumeration of arrogant assumptions wonld be equally tedious and unnecessary. That the faith and practice of the primitive Church of Christ has been foully and fatally subverted and travestied, is proved by the instances now adduced. The- Protestant Reformation, therefore, introduced no novelty either of faith or practice. It was simply reconstructive and restorative. It restored the authority of first principles. It rebuilt the edifice of the first age. It took its stand on the old paths, and cried, with a voice more potent than that of the Nioene Fathers, " Let the ancient customs prevail !" 