correspondence. RAILWV XIAY X NSION TO .1111 I, ) A. ('FOi TlE lEITOIR of Tll' ( IITIV.ITSl.) St.--lt eetln to ime, M1r. Editior. t,. be a fir'egoe coteluion) that a line to our grcat irrigationil colony will he includedl nl oir next liailivay lill, the only dif ference of lpitnin being ai to its starting point. As this line will Celin tnil the whole of tie Darling river trade as well as the proluce from l lihtrna. the qItestion of route catltot he too careftlly con silered ; not only in the interests of tlhe settlers at Mlihlura and along tile Darling, but. in the ititereot of the whole colony. W\e have the Dl)itnoola, Warracknabeal. Donahl, Wyctheproof and Stanti Hill routes to choose from. At present I will not diseius the Swan i lill route, but merely state that I cosiller. in our present stage of ldevelopment, it wouttl Ie the height of folly to rtin ; railway along the bank of a navigable river. In disettssing, the subtject with soale of iy friends, I lind a ni umber of thetU are inclined to think that tihe start intg point shoutld be the nearest railwvay tio iihlura. Now, itt my opinion the real point at issue is thle distane from Melbourne. ltroellt i? oitrtle to l itbt olt ib ub il .. 2311 i, Dhitm ohlaitoal lilituri(stirig t linte) 13 Total from Melbo rne ., ,, \\\'ary-" ltekubcet toi Mifllhnct 129 Totalt from .Mel ,ourne .. 3 Frout .Melbli rne to [,nall .. .. l82 e to vu ic to 'liblurt .. r r 1t. Total from .tMelbourne .. l From 'lellltrie te Wy mill r, i~ 10 to Wtt cil-of to St ilurl .. .. 13i Total frot 31elbourne .. 329 The distances by rail are talken from llrushawt s Guite for this month-Feb ruary-and the distances fromnt the various points in a et.Imight line to Mildtura are scaled by it saurevor. It will thus be veet that the Wartmaek nabeal route isshorter than the Dimboola by 33 miles ; the l)onahl one by ;s miles andti the Wyhetproof one by 7i, tniles; thus giving Wycheproof the advantage by 8 miles over any of the others. In a trtunk line such as this will be, it is of the utmost importance to make the dis tance from Melbourne as short as possible; still it is not everything. From my local knowledlge I will point out one factor in favour of Donal overn \\\ycheproof, viz., the great extent of settled country un. provided with a railvway north of Donald. A line is already strvtyed to liirchip, and nu, doubt will be otc of the lirst con structed under the new hill; and as the township i iin dircct line from Donald to Mildura, surely the (;Government will see the advantage of mlaking it a portion if the trunk line, and th: save lit mtiles of construction. W1ithout doubt this line to llirchip rIust be madle, atl that being. the ease, it really makes that township the true starting point for the line to 3Millrun. Onle of the maIllill argu?ilnt I itl favour of the line g,ing from t\\\'cheprtoof rit llirchip, was in o nler to otnnecit Ihe Said burst andl Maryborough ytiemt, but that \'ill he actcoumli-heit whec the litt e i es from 1)hinal it Ch:arlto. anIl will enable the setllers at Milliri tl colmtt:tlando all the obest market- of the itsl?y. iby tills lil-w I 11,'t say a great -tI!l of i~gnol'anec ' :'.: lli-. :1 1.r ll 1o : * y pc pOle millionl aene? of malle', 1:11M'l will he lit for :Igrievlltlllr. 1bt11 s cllhfl i, If,L lilt! Ce~l'e. Tlih lheath r'i i lry .Coilllri'inaliout two. lfftlis of tlhe whole. calniot ic rndelcreid lit for farminl arll liist remlllain for many eiieratioli in ti eonle whatl it is :it present -a elcsert. Now the line froni I)imnloila wiloild skirt this heliath eountry nearly tll tihe wa. whereas the IIInall, or nither tli. lirchllip extension. woull go right throughtl tile mallee i)roper-tle reil. solidl sanily lanil-anil not only tiis. hilit it leas ailvantages tlhat ino othier line cai offer. It may not he generally knownl that in loodl years tile water fromi tile Wiiiicra river reaches Iake Tyrrcll, anlt as tlhe main watercoiiurse is running pretty well in a line from lBirchip to Millduir, the channel might be opcneli ani ;it supply of water brougtht along the line as far as tlhat lake, anlil possibly beyond it. as the trend of the country is considerably west of north, andl besides There are a great many nlinor channels rinniiig off to right anil left which could be ulaie valuable for settlemient-for stock a;nid loimn-tic lsa, It not lor Irrigation. Perhaps the most perniancint water in the whole of the malice countrVy it along theabove wateircotrseC-;. little lakc.ablout ;O acres ill cxtent, which Il?il never bcen knlown to get dry. Altogether, Mr. Editor, I ieel convineedl of the matter of the best route to Mildtra is gone into thoroughly, that no other route will stand the ghost of a:show agapist tlie one fromn Donalt, or rather I shloiuld say from IBirclhip. Trusting the importance of the subject will excuse tie length of my letter. I amli, hr.. BIlCIIIlI'. 1 Ith February, 1890. [Perhaps some of our rctilers inl other districts may desire to have their ide of tile case presented. WVe s.ilt bhe glald to afford them space to put fotrward the inerits of the other routes proposed, and we should like to have as much light as possible shed over thesubject..-ED. M. C.] 