SPIRIT PHOTU&RAPHS.; (fall wax. jraDoaei, Spiritualism bra received a great impetus by exhibition of photographs of spirits 8i»ee the Paris Congress. Credulous people at once hegaA to have strange visions, founded on the "belief that however frisky mediums might be, the photographic plate cannot lie. But it has or can be made to adopt the Balfourian habit of concealing the trntn. However sceptical a person may bet, should he visit the studjp of Mr. Salmon, in East Putney, he will be inclined to ubilaim "There are snore things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of m our philo sophy." There will be shown by the cour teous artist, a photograph of a young man who committed suicide in a garden, the bottle that contained the fatal laudanum lying on the ground near his hand. Over the body hovers the disembodied spirit, its face ex pressing pity for the clay beneath. The spirit, inpalpablo aad misty, is what the Scotch call the wraith, & belief that has been handed down from the ' ancient Egyptians. Another photograph is that ef a man seated at a table, while opposite, with the brad resting on ite elbows, sita a spirit. So immaterial Is the latter that the part of the table between its body (if a 8pint has a body) and elbows can be seen through the arras. Scores of other photo graphs were shown to the interviewer— spirits hovering round persons, floating in the air, mysterious ham-la in all positions, some sulky, some sad, some with uplifted finger as if warning against disaster. " But surely the people who receive such visitants enffier considerable nervous prostra tion, aad they certainly look happier than the spirits? The "artist, with a laugh j replied, " Hey never see nte spirits at all. I «ra»nfactnro the ghosts myself. I expect -yen to be surprised, bnt I hope not as indig nant as a celebrated lady in the spiritualistic -world, who called upon me a few days ago. fa>«» was a firm believer in spiritualism, and Was partly converted by some of my published photographs . Having hunted me for some timn ghe found me here, and wanted me to photograph the spirits who visited her. She regarded me with some amount of awe as a denlir in the uncanny rights of the world ; bat her reverence soon disappeared when I explained my process." "How do yon produce a spirit photo- rraph T — " "Weil, there are several ways. 3ris one," he said, positing to a man in a hair asleep with a spirit standing ear him, j " was done by first photographing a man in the ordinary way with a Mask cloth back- jgronsd. Then another person draped in ghostly garments stands in the required xttition, nut a little out of focus to prevent the Mrflinm bring - too sharp and cor poreal. Light is then only on the spirit, and the same negative as used before is ex posed a second time, and all the rest of the ield bring Mftrir, the spirit only is photo graphed. .Of course, the second exposure is onger than with ordinary amount ef light, but this adds tQ.the.ghostlinfiss." _ "Bnt "how:, to yon'make them so impal pable and uncanny?'' ' " Ihe room must be perfectly dmfc and on the. ghost only a-ray of sunlight Mls ; while close to the Tens a sheet of ; Jhie gauze is hung' and it is the 'gauze which ' gives a rirad-Hfee, luminous appearanoetothe spirft'soiitiinea.'' " This'lrannbt be done in a dark room, for it is broad dayhght, ahd yet the spirit is 'ad- raaahig the man in tho garden seat, and the rails of the seat qari. be seen through, the spirit's form ? <No, in such a picture I have to take the -photograph and expose it a second time, tho man still in the same position, only the ghost is -added. If ghost and m&k; were taken togethe the rails would not appear through the spirit s forinJ '"T have still another. Methods Look' atlhis"." It was a pathetic photograph of a lady loong with mue.eyes'alt'Me- head of a riuM posedus f kxunihg heaSafbremost from heaven. " This is a popular one," said the artist, "sugges tive of the intercourse between living and dead, bnt the most material of all in prepara tion. The spirit head is only that of -a w&x; dpil,ia2ker'ofit of foous, to iHOvent it being Yeimgipie.-:aB siioh. This Is photographed first, aiLjthe place on the ground glass out side the plate is marked, so that when the ritter eoaaes she takes sueh a porition hat the angel head ready to greet her, when it is printerf-©ff, is.Yiot . iliterfored with at the seemidiearooriife. A similar method is used in thisone. Tt was ealled ' The Ghost of the Bil- iiard-xoqgi,' in which the forerunner of Ijebcxteia standing at the elbow of a player, whether to mar or make the stroke does not appcajr." .. . « Modiums do notbless yon, Mr. Salmon, I smfoeP' " No; Iamimafiiama to them, but xiOTftmfwifb spjhe sprit photographs are to be reprMuSedlB. the ' medium' of a girl eeen at several aitcnces and marked with a sabre cut on her face, proving her identity. _ I shall alas wifh-a stzoke of paint on my spirit's face prodnee sriue photographs similar to those promised next month, and I am quite sure they will be produced in the same way. The abeve sketeb was taken yesterday, the hand of death soverisg the lady's face, which can be seen through the bonr rams." 