Her Favorite Book. In answer to the question what book has given mo most pleasure, I reply, without hesitation, 'Pilgrim's Progress.' It was wheu I was dbout seven yeara of age that I passed from 44 Cinderalla ' to Bunyan's matohless work without euspectinc that it was not a ohild'a book.. And, possessed, of the preoious volume— new books were rare in tboeo dayB — I climbed a tall ' secretary ' to escape tho younger children, who were too small to acalo tho b&ck; of -n chair and follow me. We were a noisy set— nine in all— and seourcd in comparative quiet on my high perch, I dreamed dreams and saw visions suoh as no fairy tale ever unveiled to me. Types and shadows there were none. Tbe aotora of the drama were not. oreatares of fiotion; thoy wero positive eubstance, my | familiars, and now are placcd with my j personal rccolloetioDB. v I Tho^ narrow path, straight as a rule ooald [make it, was plain to my eyes as tho foot* (paths which streaked my father's orobard I under tho apple trees, I hung entranced I over oYcry step in the raatvelloue journey, I and saw eloarly, as I see this pea and paper, the very stately palnce, tho namn^of whioh was Beautiful, end it etood by tho highway tide. ^ IIow ray ycung bent t rrjoicpd when Christian found the lions guarding it were chained 1 As ho dropped his load into a eepulchro and gavo three leaps for joy, my soul leaped too, only to sink again when ha fell into tho clutches of Giant Despair, and was beaten with tho grievous --jrab-trco cudgel in tho avrful courtyard paved with skulli of pilgrims. IIow foolish of him to forget the key Promise, whioh would open and lock in Doubting castle, and how 1 longed to twist my hands in tho hair ot that Flatterer wit i his noi ! Delicious to imagination wero tho good things tho travellers had to eat by the way. The raiains and pomegranates, tho cordials, wine red as blood, and those wonderful grapes that go down so sweetly as to causo tbe lips of them that arc asleep to speak. The feasts almcet mado up for the figbta with scaly dragons and terrific shapes com ing out of tbo burning pit, terrors that madn hideous tho road through Dark Valley and satisfied my juvenile love of tho mysteries and horrible. Sweet to ohildieh fancy were tho rarities and fair shows of tho Interpreter's house; tho letter of tho king which smelt after tbo manner of tbo best perfumes ; the orchards and vineyards of the Dolcctable mountains (then I had never seen a mountain), and tha lovely shepherds at Beulnh who etrcwed flowers before the feet of pilgrims bound fcr tho city of their prince. Hero and thero I had to spell out hard words, many things were puzzling, but tho very wonderments added to tho charm of tho Btory. What was a quagmire, what was a muck-rako, what were etooke, a civet-box ; how would ocq grasshopper burden a man, and what sort of shoes- were thoy which never wear out, and how could tho Shining Ones drc-es in gold clothes ? I shivered at tbe passage through tho cold, blaok river, forever flowing; tho river ( that hao no bridge, but, oh 1 tbo rapturo in tho triumph beyond ! Tho ringing bells, tho melodious noises, tho singers, and harpers with their harps ; abovo all, that One who sat on the great whits throne with the rainbow round His head. Thoso pagc9 thrilled mo lika an outburst of triumphant music, tb? exultant feeling ono has in cathedrals re* Hounding with aomo mighty amhem. . It was winter time, and tbe plcaeanter for deep snows without wero thoughts of warm rmlflca rooms, tho dclicato rlain euee. tho shady arbor, and cho meadow curiouely beautified with lilies, green all tho year long* At auneet I looked through gletoning towers on frosty window panca, asmany years after wards I watched tho domfs and spires of old Stamboul floating in silvery mists of the BosphoruC; and recalled tho tremulous glimmer in tho Bhcpherd'a perepcclivc class. On tho top cf a high hitl caUed Clear, they could not lock steadily, yet they thought they siw rcmething liko tho gate of tbo Oeleeti&l; citj , and aleo aomo of the glory of . the placo. Nothing was faint cr vaporou?. Near at iiand, not high and distant, was tho city of th6 king — an ondiraraed splendor. When I went to bed that night lovely shapep, walking, floating, flying, went with me, and angel eyes watched over my sleep. The Bupremc delight of tho book was Great heart, my hero in the bright armor and helmet with plumes ; tho giant killer, tho lover of women and children, who marched up to tho. lions, not minding if they were ohained or not. The warrior-imago has not ohanged in tbo wasto of years, nor can it change. He lives while relatives have died. I loved him then, I love bim yet. Familiarity Ine not dulled tho oharm of tbe wondrous tale, and still docs tho mystie touoh of memory sound tho ancient etringe. In a half century ot pilgrimage I bavo repeatedly met tho 'very brisk lud named Ignorance, who carao from tho country of Conceit, havo caught glimpses, on several continents, of Madame Rubble cclling her vanities, a tall, comely dame, with something of a swarthy complexion. And, in atrango lands, whilo under tho friendly roof of our missionaries, I bethought me of the largo upper rooms whero the pilgrims slept and Mercy dreamed her glorious dream; It0 window opened toward the Bun-rising, the namo of the chamber was Peace. Frcm Runyan.tba chango to 'The Arabian Nights' was easy ; tbcuca I turned to Shake* spearc, where I remain unto this day. No shrine outuide of Palestine moved mo liko tho poor littlo bouse whero ho spent his boyhood, unconscious that he was to enrich tbo human raco with its greatest literary in heritance. Aa I writo tbo namo there rises before mo * tho cool gray day we spent at Stratford. The waters of Avon go softly past the old town, which is specklessly clean and bowered in vines and orecpers. On the Lucy estate, hard by, is tbe Shakespeare stile, made in tho ancicnt fashion, eo the upper bar drops and oatcbca tho feet of tho poacher trcspae sing on the deer park. Wo registered our .names in the book, always open, wheroj ev^ry year, 12,000 are written, many by viBitor&from; the dear land wo love to call our own/*-T*o quaint women keep the place, and tcfrtfaoitstory with a freshness that oheers tho tirecMrRxell£r*^gain I touob the ceiling of Ihe room wera~±Uh^ _ foremost man of all this world' waB born, and mark- the low doorways, tbe oramped and orcoked stairs leading to the loft in which he used {0 sleep nmong tho rolls of wcol.' Not ono thought of the ondlesa dedate oame near ua that day. Among tho green haunts were many shadows, but the oloudy speotor named Bacon did not ap pear. Who wrote Othello ? Tho most patbetio ot human compositions. Aa well ask who mado the wotld. Next to Sbakespearo stands Scott. 'Ivan- hoe' is a perfect romanoo, and tho last conversation of lhheoca with the templar ia worthy the' great master himself. The sylvan 'secncs, with scented woods and rush ing brooku, are reminders of tho deep forest where Jacques mused, and Rosalind laughed nt love till he caught hor in his net. It ill becomes one who lias not read ' Robert Elsmere' to criticise tho modern novel, or tell, oven in this etriot confidence, how, in tho general deluge of literature, tho only rest is found with a few souls oounted worth saving from tho flood. Read mean books and you tbink tho whole world mean. Better to seek tho demigods of Plutarch, or read talcs of bravo men near our time, who wero stirred by deep impulses to endure sacrifice for a noble cud. Though thero is no opportunity for heroio deeds, wo oan admire and revere the heroes who heard r heavenly voioss and thrilled with the senBo of great thing?, vi&iblo; and invisible, to bo struggled for. So shall we, too, bo uplifted. The brief space allotted mo forbids moro than a hint of afternoons filled with the muBio ot tbe poets. Familiar aro the tnelo- ; dies of ,4Pen8eroso' and 41 Allegro,' tho j worda of tho 44 Ancient Mariner,' of 41 Mar- | mion,' the'Priaouor of Chillion,' and tho voice, 'hollow liko a ghost's,' of Arthur— the ideal yet most real of English kings— ' bles sing tho queen with milk-whito arms and golden hair, low lying at his foot.' When tho lampa aro lighted then eomea the hour for the household singer; tbo Cam- - bridge poet, most beloved man of letters in our generation ; who spends evenings with him keeps good company. . 41 And thus, from day to day, my little boat ItookB in its harbor, lodging peaceably. Blessings bo r,ith them, and eternal praise, Who gave ua nobler lovos aud nobler oares, Tho poets, who 011 earth havo made ua heirs 01 truth and pure delight by heavenly . ' lays!'1 065 