THE NEW MORMOmSM, (london times.) The Mormons have come out with- a- new profession of frith, the result of a conference of elders, which has lasted several weeks. This declaration says: — 44 We believe in God toe Father, in Jesus Christ, and the Holy Ghost ; that men will be punished for their own sins, not for those of Adam, that mpr1- -i may be saved through Chrirt . obedience to the laws and or" which appertain to toe- Christ and through repent- . ui baptism by immersion, and lay ing on of hands. We believe in the same organisation as that of the Primitive Church — namely, apostles, prophets, pastors, teachers, and evangelists. We beliere in toe gift of tongues, in prophecy, revelations, visions, and healing. We believe toe Bible to be the Word, of God, so far as it is trans lated eorrectly, and also that toe Book of Mormon is the Word of God. We tflieve all God has revealed and is now revealing, and we believe that He will yet reveal many important things regarding the Kingdom of God. We believe in toe literal gathering of Israel, in toe restoration of the Tabes, and that 25on will be "built on this continent. We claim the privilege to worship God according to toe dictates of our own con science, and allow others to do the same. We believe that we most obey our rulers so long as they are honest, true, chaste, benevo lent, and virtuous." Article It of toe declaration abandons toe system of polygamy. The political effect of this departure will be very great in Idaho. There are 11,100 Mormons in this territory wno win now oe a me 10 voie turner uus new declaration. At a Mormon Conference held at Salt Lake City on Gth October 10,000 persons attended. President Woodruff's official manifesto forbidding plural marriages was approved and adopted by a unanimous vote of the apostles, bishops, and elders. This is the most important step taken by the Mozmon Church in a quarter of a century. I George Q. Cannon, one of the oldest leaders | of the church, addressed the conference, say ing that the manifesto was the act of God. President Woodruff having had a special communication from toe Almighty. The speaker said that he was sorry that the step was necessary, because he believed God had ordained polygamy. The martyrs of toe church had suffered ranch. S00 of them having been confined in the penitentiary for the al leged offence of polygamy; but it was useless for the church to fight 60,000,000 people any longer. God would bold the nation responsible for depriving citizens of their right to worship ac cording to the dictates of their consciences. The sufferings of the Mormons were recorded in Heaven, and would one day appear npon toe noblest page of modern history, but toe speaker bowed in submission to God's wilL . The conference confirmed the original Articles of Faith, including the one beginning 44 We believe, bring subject to kings, presi dents, rulers, and magistrates, in obeying, honouring, and sustaining the law." The action taken by the conference effectu ally ends the Mormon trouble in Utah, and bars polygamy in toe fa uro. The official manifesto of President Wood ruff, forbidding plural marriages .in the Mormon Church, is as follows r — 44 To whom it may concern r— Press despatches' having been sent far political purposes from Salt Lake City, which have been widely pub lished. to the effeet that toe Utah Commis- sion, in a recent report to the Secretary of the Interior, allege , that plural marriages are still solemnized ; that forty or more marriages have been contracted in Utah since last June or dozing toe past year ; also that in public discourses toe leaders of the cnurcn nave taagnt, encouraged, ana urgea the continuance Of toe practice >f polygamy, ' x, Otnmhif. Jesus Christ of Latter Day Safats, do hereby in the most solemn manner declare these charges false. 44 We are not teaching polygamy or plural marriages, nor are we permitting any person to enter upon ks praetiee. I deny that either forty, or any number, of pknral marriagse during that period have been solemnized in our temples, or in any other place is toe territory. One case has been reported in which parties have alleged that a marriage was per formed at toe Endowment House in Salt Lake City in toe spring of 1889, but I have not been able to learn who performed the cere mony. Whatever was done was done with out my knowledge. In consequence of this nllpwH nwnrTpnw» tho Knftwinwnf. TTnnon was by my ins tractions taken down without delay, inasmuch as laws had been enacted by Congress forbidding plural marriages, which laws, moreover, had been pronounced consti- tutianel by the court. 44 As a last resort, I hereby declare my in tention to submit to toe laws, and to use my influence with members of the church over which I preside to have toem do like- tthcd TKofA ifl Tiftfhintr in mv in the church, or in those of my associates, during the time specified, which can be reasonably construed to inculcate or to en courage polygamy. When any elder of the : church has used language which appeared to ! convey such teachings, he has been promptly reproved. I now publicly deflate my ad vice to the Latter Day Saints, which is to refrain from contracting any marriage for bidden bv toe law of toe land. 44 (Signed) Wilfobd Woodeuff. Presi dent of toe Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints." This document having been adopted by the conference, the President offered toe folio vr- i ing resolution: — 44 That recognising Wflirod Woodruff, President of the Church of Jesus Const of Latter Day Saints, as the only man on earth at toe present time who holds the keys for sealing ordinaries, we consider him fully iint.'hnriKpd bv virtue of bift Tinsitirm te issue the manifesto which has been read in- our hearing, and which is dated 2th Sep tember, 1S90; further, that, as toe Church General Conference assembled, we accept his declaration concerning plural marriages as authoritative and binding." This resolution was unanimously adopted by the vast assemblage. After Mr. George Camion had spoken, President Woodruff stated that toe decision embodied in the manifesto had been reached only after a long session of prayer. The Jiat had gone forth, and toe will of God must be obeyed. The question of what shall be done in the case of members who are already scaled re mains to be debated at a mrefag of the Mormon priesthood. 