Pictures of Farm Life, HOW THE FARMERS LIVE IN ENG LAND, IRELAND ANI) QUEENSLAND. (By GIr. BLas.] A skletch of the great contrast which I fins existing between farm life in England, Ire land, and Queensland maybe read with interest. Tile Queensland pioneer farmer-that is to say, the man who goes intothe back country, away fron tile sound of the locomotive, to wrest from thle virgin soil the means of living \--is an uncomparable type of the genuso in the world of agriculture. Place the Eng lish or Irish in juxtaposition with the Queensland farmer, and tile contrast isso great that they will be found to have nothing in conmon, except the fact that agriculture is their main-stay in life. T?E FARMER IN EiNGLANB. The men wh-o are to be seen, on marketdays, in the English towns, wearing smock-frock coats, and broad-brimmed hats, like the people in Hardy's "Casterbridge" stories, are the English farmers of our day- men who, in ninety-five cases out of one hundred, rent their homes and acres from some estate, who work late and early, who represent a power ful class of men in any active emergency, and yet who rarely think of any higher persenal ambition than making a good living. They give their sons and daughters the rudiments of education, and send them into the world, to seek positions in "service," detaining only the eldest lad, who, by some unwrttsn but indisputable law, is entitled to the farm when the father grows old or dies. Periodically they go to market, and in return ing.hey do not adisdain to form one of a group of kindred souls ahout the hearth of some tap room-after the manner described by "Bez" in one of his sketches-where the news of the day is passed round and commented opon, and the joris lity stimulated by an occaeional gless of "toddy." The comfort of these men gener- ally,,and their fireside influencea, are, I think,. micomparable. The "'landed farmers" are, of moarse, qoite a distinct class, being "gentry" in the highest sense of the word, with their irreproachableairsandfashionablehabiliments. F?M IPE W IRELAND. The Irish tenant.farmer, while resembling the English in many respects, presents a still greater contrast when compared with the Australian, But, while there are, no doubt, many tenants in England like Hii hs in "Lttle Lord Fauntleroy"-psuhed-o " the extremity for sent which they cannot pay-the English far~ners, on the whole, -have com paratively few grievances and many rights. 'I'he crownig aspiration of the Irish tenoant farmer, as far as I could judge--andone which is frequently realised, particularly in the "good times "-is to amas respectable for taunes for his daughoers, so that theymay be enabled to marry well. As inEngland, the eldest son takes the farm, when he arrives at a marriageable age, and the old people retire from active life, and are generally sspported by. their childres. Since the national anhesl. system was established, the Irish youth get s sound education, and are versed in solentific agriculture. The majority of the families have had possession of their farms for two or three hundred 'ears; each family has its traditions,, and Its records of brave deeds in insurrections or political agitations,.and there is an unfailing reverence, throughont the neighbourhood, for the "old stock. Their home life is simple, and, in the happier times, hrcadmia. On the long cold winter nights the farmers go from house to house, throughontthe locality, sit rouod the blazing turf fires, smoke, discuss the political situation, make love matches for their sons and daughters, tell ghost stories, and sing patriotic songs. On Sundays they either playin the fields or dance on the roads, afterthe manner described in the "' Deserted Village." They are a sober and industrious lot of men, of a high standing, fearing only the priest of the parish, and go to market three or four times a year, apon which occasions it is customary to indulge in a glass or two of "punch," and to retern. home, shouting along the roads, and express ing a determination to blow all and sundry. out of existence; but the evil spirit expires, within them in a few hours. IcxE IN QUcENSLAsD. Conteading with weather which is not a?. derstood, and living in eurroundings which are' comparatively wild, the Queensland farmers'.' life is, very frequently, one prolonged triaL Scattered about large districts, thatesolable element which is sucha grand characteristia of peasant life in the old country does notj and cannot, exist in Queensland. They have no traditions to cherish, nothing whisk binds them to their farms, save the neceasity for lising and the productivenesa of the -soiL. The farmers here, from what Ican learn-an& lhave had many opportunities of learning are as badly off as those in the old country, and, is many caes, tfar worse. They havenot th-aeicoltnrul knowledge--nor the opporti nittes for acqoirtog the kndwledge of agelinl ture-which they have c England andlrend. They have not the markets in the towns, into which they can bring their produce, and. sell it at a great advantage to themselves and to the consumers. Throughout the old eountry, on market days, hundreds of farmersand!farm era' wives can be seen in those buildinjqgs dis posing of their products to hundredsof psr chasers; and in this way they esea.pe the claws of the monopolist. Of course,.wth the extension of the railway-lines, many of the Queensland farmers drop in for fortuans, enas their land increases immediately in. value. Bt, in the up-bringing of their children, they have their greatest drawback, away from society and many miles away from, schools; with no literature, in most cases, bhot the childish twaddle of the Aneustralian school book. In no country can yonfind.faemers en during such hardship as many of. those who settle on scrub-land, in Queenslaid.and have few home comforts, much labouri .and onlytha roughest fare. 