The Brisbane Courier. SATURDAY, APRIL 5, 1890. In these days of universal whitewashing a very good case may be made out for that standing bete noire, the dog in the manger. Why should it be made a reproach to him that he will not let others eat that which he cannot eat himself ? He cannot put on his master's coat ; is he, therefore, to allow the passing tramp to pick it up and put it on ? He cannot eat his master's corn ; is he, therefore, to allow the first tramp of a graminivorous animal to eat it ? His duty is to preserve both coat and corn for the use of its lawful owner ; and it might be fairly contended that the profitloss character of his trust to himself personally is to the credit of his faithfulness rather than to his discredit in obstinacy. At the prosont moment (to speak by contraries) blessings loud and doop aro descending on tho hoad ofthat redoubtable mastiff, Mr. Jamos Scott, and the old simile of tho dog in the manger is no doubt being trotted out to his dis parngemont. It will bo said that had ho been personally in a position to eat tho corn of office in the Ithaca Shire Connoil, ho would havo quietly pormitted others to eat along with him, and would havo strouuously resented tho intorforonco of auy other mastiff whoso cause was as good as his own is now. But whatovor his motivos Mr. Scott has proved right in point of law. It has been doclared that thore is no reason why ho should suffer in tho vindication of the right. And with every regrot for the inconvenience and exponse to which, the action has put innocent mon, it is apparent on the faco of the decision that a valuable service has been done to tho Shire of Ithaca, and to local bodies gonerally, who might thoughtlessly commit like illegalities. Putting, therefore pesonal considerations aside as tho smallest part of the matter, let us try to grip tho decision itself, and to learn its groat lesson of Cave canem. The docision makes absolute a rulo nisi for ouster, granted at tho last Full Court against ono of the members of the Ithaca Shire Council. In reality it is applicablo to and valid against the whole, sinco tho grounds for the rule, and on tho strongth of which it has now boon mado absoluto, touch tho validity of tho entire olootion. These grounds woro throe ; first, that thero was no polling place in tho second ward ; second, that thero was no legal votors' roll in existonco, and third, that tho rolls for the subdivisions wore made up from an in- formal document, and did not givo the trades and occupations of tho voters. Thero was no assertion that auy serious injury or wrong had been suffered by those proceed- ings, but simply that thoy were illogal, and as such, invalidated tho election founded on them. It is curious that tho first of these objections, which the opposing counsel (Sir Samuol Griffith) treated most lightly, was most fatal in the opinion of tho Judgos. Sir Samuol spent his strongth in traversing the socoud and third objoctions. The state of tho caso was that tho clork had mado up what is termed a voters' list, and had submitted it as re- quired by law to the Revision Court, which had signod and roturnod it as correct. From this list it was the clork's duty to mako out a voters' roll (writton or printod) ßigned by himself, on which alono the election eould be legally based. Boforo it was possible for him to do so, tho subdivision of the shire took place. In these circumstances it was contended, and apparently on valid grounds, that it was his duty to fall back on the legally recognised roll of tho provious year, and make up from that tho rolls of tlie subdivisions. Instead of doing this ho not unnaturally used tho revised voters' list, and mado out what ho supposed to be logal rolls from that, That these "rolls," howovor, woro still only " lists" appeared from the fact that tho signatures of the rovisors wero appended to them along with that of tho clerk, and that tho required trados or occupations wero wanting. Sir Samuel contended that tho action M'as legitimate and valid, inasmuch as thero was no timo to mako ont tho proper roll, that there was no harm done, and that in. similar cases re- ferred to by him Judges had exorcised their discretion by homologating tho action of tho clork. hut the court, speaking through Sir Charles Lilley, upheld tho contention of the roltitor's counsel. Sir Charles said that in tho cases quoted it was behoved that serious injury would bo dono to municipal affairs by insisting on a strict com- pliance with law, and that tho related statutes wero boliovod to bo instructivo merely and not imperativo. In this caso no evil would follow insistanco on law, but ho regarded tho statutes as imperativo, or at least the excrciso of discretion highly dangerous. With regard to tho first ground of ouster, which Sir Samuel had pooh poohed because, though tho polling places (of which there wero two) for tho second ward wore not absolutely within it, thoy wero only on tho other sido of tho street, tho court was oven moro decisive. Tho provision touching the looality of polling placo was hold to bo of tho very substanco of an election, and of necessity compulsory. " Wo aro not to bo called to measuro," said tho Chiof Justice, "when a polling placo is admittedly outsido of a division, whether it is six feet, six yards, six hundred yards, or six miles outside." On these grounds tho rulo of ouster was doclared absoluto and with costs. Only for the sako of precision and despatch, it was modified to the extent that tho now subdivision rolls woro not to he mado up from that of 1889, but that first a voters' roll for the whole shire was to bo made up from tho existing voters' lists, and again the subdivision rolls from that, and that furthor there was to bo another election as in tho case of an extraordinary vacancy« Tho moral of all this for local govern, mont officials is contained in certain remarks of tho Chief Justico accompanying his decision : " They (the Judges) added thoir opinion that lho clerks of shires and couiioils and any other form of local government should be very caroful in ob- serving tho provisions of tho statute. In stoadofbeinglax and negligent they should bo particularly careful in carrying out every provision. Tho will of Parliament should bo observed as far as, humanly speaking, it is possiblo to bo observed." It is to no purpose to say that in this caso no harm was done ; because if clerks or other officials aro to bo tho judgos of possiblo harm, and to deviate inoro or loss from tho law according to their notions in this respect, thero is an euc! to all order, and the safeguards which legislative wisdom has dovisod aro worthless. Tho Judges them- selves do not presume to tamper with law according to their opinion of its fitness, and much loss should subordinate officials. But it is clear, furthor, that aspiring councillors, or local authorities of evory kind, would do well to make thomselves acquainted with tho law under which they seek office, and to soo that its provisions aro complied with to tho letter. Tho burden which has fallen on Mr. Cooper must bo heavy ; and though it will surely bo distributed (as it should) amongst his fellow-sinners in tho Ithaca Shiro Council, thoro is still the incon venionco and expense of a now election. It strikos us that local, authorities aro as a wholo much too anxious to get choap service from their officers, and that it would bo much cheapor in the end, both for thom and thoir constituents, to pay good salaries to mon who had taken tlio troublo to acquaint thomselves with tlio law, and could be trustod to guide tlio board or council safely through its intricacies. If, however, wo interpret tho issuo of tho caso rightly, thoro is ono sorious sourco of disquietude which the irrogularly elected Ithaca councillors havo oscapod. No oxplicit roforonoo was made to it in tho decision ; but it was clearly undorstood that no penalty was to bo in- flicted on the partios whomighthavo wrongly acted as councillors. Mr, Real, indeed, held that no ponalty was oxigiblo; and Chief Justico Lilloy thought that a condition Bhould bo Hmposod that no suit should bo brought for penalties. At tho very least, Mr, James Scott should bo satisfied with his achievements ; and ho will be very ill advised if ho tako furthor steps. Por as tho Cliiof Justico said, tho dangor of such pro- ceedings is that mon should bo " afraid to touch theso public responsibilities." It will, indoed, bo an ovil day for local govornmont if in the face of such dangers fools rush in whoro angols fear to tread. THE most misorablo man, and ho deserv- ing of most pity, in the civilised world is tho Czar of all tho líussias. Compared with his lot, that of tho legendary Damo- cles must havo been gay. That ho should havo retained his sanity all theso yoars proves him indood to bo a kingly man, and that he shonld not havo becomo evon as liis ancestor Ivan the Terrible is another demonstration of the evolution of monarchs as of all other created boings. "Withal he is but a poor human mortal, and wo aro not surprised to loam that |ho has, under a stress greater than has fallen to most mon or kings, exhibited some of tho woaknossos of common clay. Yesterday morning it was reported that ho is suffering from fainting fits, following a ronewed nttornpt upon his life; but whether that attempt was matloby moans of poison, tho daggor, or a dynamite bomb, lias not boon allowod to transpiro. Tho ordinary mind revolts from tho im- placability of tlio hatred thus shown to a man against whom not a broath of scandal has been broathod, and a ruler whoso worse fato it was to recoivo a hori tago of a dominion with which it is understood lie has nover boon in complote sympathy, Ho is notoriously a doting husband, an affectionate father, a firm friend, a Czar whoso personal relations with his Court havo beon infinitely purer than those of his father or of any member of the Romanoff destiny in history. As a ruler ho has dono ovorything short of granting to Russia what English-sponking people re- gard as tho panacea for all political evils-a constitutional Government. It is doubtful whether o von this concession to the demands of tho Liberals in his Empire could have been niaclo by him in tho tooth of tho buroaucracy with which ho is surroundod. Although nominally tho autocrat of all the Russias, ho is not altogothor a froo agont. Ho must bow moro unrosorvedly to the opinions of his poworful fiofs than tlio Sovereign of England ovor did to tho will of tho baron!. Since his accession to tho throne, after tho political martyrdom of his august parent Aloxantlor II., ho has dono what ho could to mako for ponco in Europo, and has so far earned tho grati- tude of tho world boyond tho domains of tho Slavonio boar. Whon pro-consuls in far distant Siboria, with loss of public opinion to roprcss their brutal instincts than tho doods of English nabobs in''JIIindostan in the early days of tho East India Company, have outraged womon and holploss political oxilos, the Czar ordered tho ap- pointment of a commission to inquiro into tho abusos of tho administration of his ex- tensivo Asiatic provincos. Ho and his consort havo visited in person tho prisons of St. Petersburg, reloasetl somo confinées, and roducod tho sentences of all tho rest. Notwithstanding all this thero has boen lately a recrudescence of Nihilistic malignity. At tho moment whon his Imperial Majesty was issuing his rescript to tho governor of Moscow on Now Year's Day " praying God that tho development of the rosources of the country might continuo undisturbed amidst peaco," and that tho happiness of all his subjects might bo secured, a fell plot was being organised to overturn his govern- ment and todo him to a violent doath, Over thirty officers in tho army were arrested in St. Petersburg alono as concerned in this conspiracy, and a few days afterwards tho Chiof of Polico in Moscow, whon making a descent on a Nihilist club, was shot dead by a young woman who afterwards com- mitted suicide. Simultaneously with the rovolt of the students of tho Univorsitics of St. Pctorsburgh, Moscow, Kieff, Kazan, Odessa, and Charkoff, and their demand for " a constitutional monarchy," came tho news of another military plot to kill the Czar. A fow days later, on tho 1st instant, a plan to assassi- nate the Emperor was unexpectedly re- vealed. It seems that a Nihilistic associa- tion drew lots for the selection of one of their number to murder the Czar, but, re- coiling from the foul deed, the chosen one wrote a confession, forwarded it to the authorities, and thon committed sui- cide. Tho Btato of sooiety under which such things can he, is simply incomprehensible to those who havo lived under froo institutions, and havo learned the lesson inculcated by all history that assassination never forwards tho cause of reform, but delays it. We loavo altogether out of sight the ethics of political murder ; the vexed question whether even the most inhuman tyrant may be violently *' re- moved" as a primo obstacle to the first steps towards reform. Rumours thero have beon that on the repeated failure of dynamite, and equally heroic, wo had almost said equally dastardly attempts on the life of the Czar, who after all is not so much to blaine, if blame lies, at all, as the systom to which ho was served heir-recourse was had to tho devilish murder medium of the Borgias poison. Although tho Czar may follow tho practico of the Caliphs of Bagdad in having every dish of which ho partakes previously tasted by a high functionary, thoro is no safety in the precaution. Fanatical con- spirators can defeat tho most careful pro arrangements and by stratagem secure their foul end. It remains to bo seen whether the Czar is tho victim of somo subtle poison or somo loss Machiavelian instrumont of assassination. Meantime tho hope may be expressed that ho is not sick unto death and that unhappy Russia may find a path to a fairer political freedom than through what Shakspearo colls "the shameless murder of a guiltless king." Mr. Clement L. Wraggo, Government Me- teorologist, returned to Brisbane on Thursday evening from tho Maranoa and Darling Downs districts where lie has been sojourning with a view to improving his health after the fever and dysentery contracted on tho Northern coast. Within tho last month ho has established olimatological stations at Crow's Nest, Killar- ney, Stanthorpe, Pittsworth, and Milos ; seoond order Btations at Wallangarra and Dulacca and a first-order observatory at Mitchell, and thoroughly trained observers at those places, besides inspecting the existing stations at War- wick, Cambooya, Dalby, and Roma. Mr. Wraggo has also arranged for socond-ordor stations at Goondiwindi and Bollon, and many of the instruments for those places have already been despatched. These instruments are the very host procurable and havo been obtained through the medium of the Meteorological Office, London, and have all been tested at the Boyal Society's Observatory at Kew, near London. The Salvation Army held three services yos torday in the Contournai Hall at the hours of 11 a.m. and 3 ami 7.45 p.m. Besides tho holding of the special services peculiar to tho day, tho occasion was doubly marked by lho seoond visit of "Commissioner" Coomba, the hoad of tho Salvation Army in Australasia, and of " Major " Wright, who has come to bid his Queensland friends a long farawell, prior to his departure to somo new sphere of labour in Europe. Thoro vva3 also another special feature-the induction of " Captain " Symonds as chief of tho movement for the organisa- tion of juvenile soldiers in Queensland. In the ranks of tho procession to the hall from tho corner of Quoen and Wharf streets wero about 200 of these juvonilo recruits, the nuolousof .' Captain" Symonds's futuro oorps. Tho hall was well filled in tho morning and afternoon, and densoly paoked at night, whon numbers were unablo to gain ad- mission, and n largo proportion of the audience were forced to remain standing. Tho threo services, described as " A Day at the Cross," partook chiefly of tho charactor of devotional exercises, the loading themo throughout being tho story of tho Crucifixion. All three meetings woro largely evangelical, aiming at spiritual conversions and the reconsccration to tbo Divino service of such as were previously con- verted, differing entirely in this respeot from tho usual largo gatherings for tho purposes of organisation or extension. The " Commis- sioner " led the meeting throughout tho day; and made repeated and povvovful appeals to lji3 hearers to givo themselves to God. In tho lliorning sixteen penitents carno forward ; this nutnbor being increased to sixty-seven in the afternoon. " Commissioner" Coombs is full of tho enthusiasm and zeal so characteristic of tho Army, and his influence over his large con- gregation was froqucntly manifested in a marked and peculiar way.* The "Commis- sioner" is now at the outset of a tour through Queensland. " Major" Wright will hold his final farewell meeting at the Foresters' Hall, Fortitude Valley, on Monday night. Several very heavy showers of rain fell at Eagle Farm yesterday, and interfered to some extent with the training work. Before break- fast hour, however, the ground was in good order, and the majority of the horses were given fast exercise, the principal performance of the morning being a good mile gallop by Wandsworth, who covered the distance outside the hurdles in lmiin. 58Jsec. During the after- noon a match for £5 aside over a furlong of ground was run between Vernor's Navigator and a hack from Threadgate's stable, the result being in favour of Navigator by a neck, A South Sea Islander, whose name is unknown, died suddenly yesterday afternoon in a boarding-house in Albert-street kept by a man named Peterson. The body was removed to the morgue, where a post-mortem examinatipn will be held. Tattersall's Races will be held to-day at Eagle Farm and, if the weather be favourable, a large attendance may be expected. The first race, the Dalveen Handicap, will be started at 12.30 p.m., and the principal event, the Metro- politan Stakes, at 3 p.m. The ceremonies at St. Stephen's Roman Catholic Cathedral to-day will commence at a very early hour. The "Blessing of the new fire" will take place at the Cathedral door, where the celebrating priest " begs of God to infuse into the hearts of the faithful the light and grace of the Holy Ghost, to enlighten them, as the new fire is destined to enlighten the Church unceasingly night and day." The "five grains of incensó" representing "the five wounds of Christ" are also blessed. After the blessing a procession will be formed, and vrill move into the church, where the " triple candle" is lighted from the new fire, represent- ing the faith of the Apostles, after the appa- rition of Christ. Twelve prophecies will then bo read, relating and foretelling the death and resurrection of our Divino Lord. The " paschal candle" is then lighted, representing His re- surrection, the " baptismal font" is blessed, and the "Gloria in excelsis" sung, at the sound of which the bells of the cathedral, which havo boen silent since Holy Thursday, will again ring, for next day the Church will celebrate the triumphant glory of the Crucified and the opening of the eternal gates to those who deny thomselves and take up their cross and follow Him. Mr. Jas. Pain, acting in conjunction with the Breakfast Creek Sports Company, will to-night give a grand fireworks display on their grounds aid of the Flood Relief Fund. Some misunderstanding has existed with respect to the offer made by the company. The com- mittee, it now appears, havo stated they will bo pleased to accept the donations but that thoy cannot give any assistance to get up the entertainment. The management of tho ground say that no assistance of any kind is dosired, except that a representative from the com- mittee shall be present to oheck the receipts. Whether such a representative be sent by the committeo or not the monoy will be available for the purposes of the fund on Tuesday. Previous to tho fireworks display a troupo of gymnasts, wiro walkers, and contortionists will give an exhibition of their powers. The Beaver, notwithstanding the wet weather yesterday, was patronised by upwards of 20O excursionists. The rain fell in torrentB when she cast off from Howard Smith's wharf, but as she proceeded down the river fine weather sot in. Strong winds prevailed, and many hats were lost. The trip as announced waa carried out. On the return journey a very heavy squall was met, and tho wind blew with great violence. No mishap, however, occurred, and tho wharf was reached before half-past 7. The committeo of the Queensland Scottish Association met in their room, Kent's Build- ings, on Thursday last, Mr. A. Mackenzie in the chair. Among the correspondence was a letter from the A.U.S.N. Company, stating that the B.s. Fitzroy would be at the association's dis- posal on Easter Monday, and that sho would leave the Eaglo-street wharf at 9.30 a.m. The secretary reported having accepted a tendor for the right to cater, and the selection was ap- proved. He also reported having made arrange- ments with a complete brass band to provide dance and other music. The services of the Scottish Volunteer Pipe Band, under Pipe Major M'Kenzie, have also been secured, and altogether the committeo aro using every effort to make this trip as pleasant as possible. At the Caboolture Court of Petty Sessions on Tuesday, 1st instant, before the police-magis- trate and Messrs. M. Battersby and J. A. Bourke, JJ.P., the following oases were disposed of ; J. D, 'Mellor v. M. M. Halloran, detention of property, £20. Verdiot for plaintiff; all goods in possession of defendant to be returned to plaintiff, with 5s. costs of court. Francis Jolly v. Miohael Stapleton, £3 17s. 10d.; verdict for plaintiff, £1 IDs. 7d., with 7s. Gd. costs. J. T. White and Co. v. Philip Fritz, dishonoured promissory-noto, £\8 5s. Od.; no appearance of defendant ; verdict for plaintiff with 5s. costs. Thomas Ryan, charged by the police with making a disturbance in a public place, was fined 5s., and on another charge of obscene language was fined 10s. The fines were paid. Timothy Broderick, for ob- scene language, was fined 10s. Crown Lands Ranger v. John Harrison, illegally cutting timber on Crown lands ; fined £5, or six hours the cells. David O'sullivan sued Robert Campbell under the Master and Servants Aot for £3 wages. After hearing the evidence of plaintiff and one witness and tho statement of defendant, the case was adjourned for fourteen days at tho request of the defendant. On Wednesday, 2nd instant, before tho police magistrate, the following cases were heard : Excise Department v. Jano Fazay, sly grog selling on üth Maroh ; defendant pleaded guilty and was fined £20, including costs, to bo paid £5 at onco and threo monthly instalments of £5 each. Same v. Frank Gillespie, sly grog selling ; no appearance of defendant ; ovidenco of rovonuo-constabloa Hinch and Parkins having been taken, defondant was fined £20, in default levy and distress, if insufficient levy one month in gaol. Same v. Charlotte Costi- gan, sly grog-selling; plea not guilty; after ovidenco of rovenuo-constables, fined £20, in default lovy, if insufficient levy fourteen days in gaol. Inspector M'Mah conducted theso prosecutions. A branch oftlce of tho Sydney Evening Neics and Town and Country Journal has been opened in Brisbane at 01A Queen-street. The local office is under tho' management of Mr. G. Wallace, a gentleman already well known iu Brisbane. Tho members of the Y.M.C.A. aro roquestod by advoitisement to attond a conference to bo held in tlio parlour to-night, at 8 o'clock. To-morrow tho Biblo Class will bo held nt 3 p.m., and men's mooting at 8.15 p.m., in the lecture hull. The monthly social will tako place on Thursday next, iu tlio form of a conversationo, when the parlour just furnished by tho Ladies' Auxiliary will be openod. Tlio second quarter of tho gymnasium has begun, and classes aro liol A every Tuesday and Friday, nt 8 p.m., and Wednesday (instead of Monday), at 4 p.m. A boys' class will bo started next Saturday, at 10 a.m. The foundation stone of a now Y.M.C.A. in Melbourne, to cost £30,000, ia to bo laid by Lord Hopetoun on Tuesday, 22ud, at which tlio' general secretaries of the various Australian associations will bo present. At the Albert-street Weslej-an Church the Rev. H. Youngman will preach at 11 o'clock, and at 7 o'clock tlio HOY, \V. H. Rogers will preach his farevroll Bermon. Evangelistic services will be held at the Opera Houso to-morrow evening, Thoro will bo celebrations of holy communion at St. John's Pro-cathedral on Easter day at G. 7, 8, and 11.16"; at 10.30 matins, at 3 p.m. a children's servico, and at 7.30 evensong and sermon. Tho Rev. W. Whalo will preach to-morrow evening nt the Wharf-street Baptist Church, his subject being, " A Meditation on the Resurrection of Christ." in the evening the Rov. T. Breewood will preach. His subject is, " Good Man-God Man-Bad Man." Services will be held at the Oddfellows' Hall, Brunswick-strcct, at 11 n.m. and 7 p.m. to i morrow, There will bo celebrations of holy communion at AH Saints Church on Easter Day, at 7 a.m., 8 a.m., and 12 noon; also matins at 11 a.m., cbildieu's servico at 3 p.m.. holy baptism at| 4 p.m., and evensong at 7.30 p.m. Calicoes, Flannels, and Sheetings are necessary and essential to the comfort of every household. Fiuney, Isles, & Co. always study to give, the best value possible. They buy direct from tho manu- facturers, and mark their goods at the lowest cash prices consistent with safoty in business. Buyers will find on comparison that they can always depend upon getting reliable Talus at the City Exchange.- [ ADVT.] Notice to travellers by steamer, rail, coach, Arc.-Buy your portmanteaus, ladies' trunks, Gladstone bags, at the manufacturer's, N. Lade, 3 Queen- street, adjoining Town Hall.-[ADYT.J The Queensland General Insurance Company, Limited, Eagle-street, is the only purely local fire and marin« iMw^c* company .-[ADVX.J 