REMARKABLE CATS. The following feline gossip we have gathered from various sources, vnd now lay before our renders for tlicir amuse ment. While eats hare been known. like the famished mothers in .Jerusalem, to devour tlieir own offspring, tliey have also been known, when deprived of their kittens, to ndopt young liares, hedgehogs, rate, and oven chickens. The unusual sight of a rat and five young ones in the same nest with, a cat and three tit-tens has been seen in Edinburgh. Tortoise-eliell cats especially are clever nt opening doors; others deplor able poachere on weekdays, become the very pink of propriety as soon as Sabbath day comes round. Besides being capital hunters and mole-catellers, others can fish, ring door-bells, steal cream, and break eggs in a most systematic manner. But let the following anecdotes speak for them selves:— The eat that gravely laid a portion of its dinner in front- of a mouse-hole and then retired to await the result, had surely something in common 'with the human speculator and quack who does pretty nearly the same thing through a news paper advertisement. While black cats are supposed by the superstitious to have some connection with the^'Evil One, others malre capital ghosts. A'farmliouse in the north country was haunted by an invisible ghost, which, for a considerable time, had been in the habit of ringing a certain bell, and the most lamentable results were about to follow, when the famer with the family Bible, and a student with a bottle of whisky, sat up all niglst and effectually laid the ghost. It was dis covered, very much to their satisfaction, that the bell had been rung by puss in her efforts to seize the handle, winch consisted of a hare's foot. Many people have heard of the ploughman's wise and affectionate cat Myxic. A ploughman at the foot of the Ochils had been long i."—his home was in poverty—when the doctor said the poor man would die if liis strength was not kept up by stimulants and animal food. Let the sequel be told in the words of the ploughman's wife. "I put awa' my marriage gown and ring to get him wine; but we had naetliing in the house but milk and meal. Surely, sir, it was the Lord Himself that put "it into that cat's head; for that same night she brought in a fir.6 young rabbit, and laid it on the verra bed; and the next night the same, and every night the same for a month, whiles a rabbit and whiles a bird, till George was up and going to his work as usual. But she never brought anything hanie after that." The ingenuity shown by cats in opening ! doors is sometimes remarkable. A large cat in the country was in the habit of opening t-lse door for himself in the follow ing manner. The handle of the door was one of the old fashioned hooped kind, which required to be grasped and the latch pressed with the thumb. He leapt on to the window-sill, which was near the door, sprung from their and caught the hoop with Tiis forepaw, and hun<j on until lie pressed down the latch with the other— this operation requiring considerable force— when th3 door swinging open, puss dropped to the floor, and quietly walked in. In a like ingenious manner, a cat has been known to open a kitchen- dresser door by working the bar which acted as a fasteuer round from a horizontal to a perpendicular position, and thus gaining ingress. A correspondent sends us the following: " A friend of mine has a cat which gives a double knock at the street-door when it wants to get in. The house has a side door which has the upper panels glass, and the knocker is placed below this, so that l\y standing on its hind-legs it can reach the knocker, which it takes hold of with both paws and gives a regular double knock. . Visitors who do not know Tom's knock do not notice anything in it different from that given by a human being, and find it very difficult to believe it is the cat, until, waiting till the knock is repeated, the door is opened, and Master Tom walks in. They are obliged to look pretty sharp to see that lie is in b?fore the house" is shut up, as he has several times returned home in the middle of a cold night, and knocked again and agate, until someone has been com pelled to get up and let him in. Occasion ally jwhen the aoor is opened in answsr to liis summons, he will stand purring for a short time and then walk away, as if he enjoyed the fun of giving tivem the trouble for nothing." Anotner cominmtor -writes: "»vena(ia horse which was kept in a stable not far from tlie house, and into the stable my man introduced a kitten, and a very close intimacy soon grew up between the kitten and tlic horse. I have often seen her on hia back, which her equine friend quite seemed to understand, andslie made her bed just tinder his manger, and we have frequently seen them" having bits of fun together. The horse would advance his head towards her, when puss would put up both her paws and pretend to scratch his nose, which he seemed rather to enjoy; and ■ then he would seize grimalkin by the skin of her neck in his teeth, find lift her up tnd quietly drop her, only to repeat the game, which both seemed to enjoy. " After a while we sold the horse, where upon the cat seemed quite disconsolate. Previously the stable had been her home, where she always stayed except for an oc casional run in the garden. But now she could not be induced to stay there, and for weeks she lamented the loss of her friend by fretting and mewing about the house." " I am tempted," says a third correspon dent. "to inquire whether instances are common of cats showing affection for strangers at. first sight. "Twice this has happened to nie; once on return from India after eight years" absence, and the second time on Matheran Hill, near Bombay. "On the former occasion, having reached home in tlse forenoon, I was taking a soli tary walk in the garden after lunch, when a strange eat trotted up to me, rubbed itself against me, rolled on the path and frisked about in front of me, never ceasing its de monstration until I re-entered the house and room, into which it accompanied me. I was on the point of expressing my sur prise and ghitifirationnt the warm wolcome their pet had given me, when my father exclaimed: " What! a cat! you never saw a cat in this house," and poor Pu»s, frightened at the tone of voice, flew out of the room, and was never seen .again. Pre cisely the same extravagant tokens of regard were shown me at Matlieran on en tering a house that had been closely shut up during the rains. In tliis instance the cat belonged to the Mallee who lived on the premises, but it was a recent acquisi tion, and had never seen me before. The attachment was also short-lived like the former one, and ended that morning by Puss being caught with its head in tlie butter-dish when brealsfastwnsannotmced. Both animals were full grown."' "An anecdote which has just reached me from America," writes a fourth contributor, " seems to outdo all former records. About a, year ago, a cat, unheralded aud unknown, came to the house of Mrs. Leonard, a lively Irishwoman, living at 93. Fifteenth Street", South Brooklyn, United States; and the day after Pussy's arrival she was found on a nest of eggs which a hen had deserted. Madame Puss was driven off the eggs re peatedly, for fear she would break them, but persisted in returning and lying on them. At last, to tlie astonishment of the linnsplmld she nnnpnred with four chicks. which she had succeeded in hatching! Since then, she has hatched four broods; and on November 8tli, -when my correspon dent-wrote to me. she was hatching a fifth! The writer says: " When I called to see this clricken-hatcliing cat, I found in one corner of the kitchen a large bird-cage, around ■which a dozen good-sized chickens were strutting and picking up a meal. Inside the cage, on some straw, was the cat, cover ing four eggs. In order to do this, she stretched herself full length over them, and so hitltbem from view.' Mrs. Leonard says: ' She leaves them at intervals, but only tor a short time; and the chickens she has brought into the world show as much filial affection for her as is generally shown by chicks for their natural mother.' The cat hasalways evinced great kindness towards her offspring. When her first brood ap peared, she carried one chicken up a stair, taking it cat-fashion by the back of the neck. The chicken's skin being tender, blood flowed from the young biped; hut the cat applied her tongue to _the wound daily until it healed, and nowthe cliicken is a full- grown hen." In the course of an animated discussion in tke columns of the Scotsman newspaper on the subjeet of animal intelligence, several good cat stories were related. IVe quote one or two of them. Some twenty-five years ago a jxJUng lady residing in the Crown and Anchor Lane, Carlisle, while alone reading a book at the fireside, fell asleep. She wis suddenfy awakened by the cat, ■which had mounted her back, and was violently tearing her liair, to discover that lier clothes had caught Are to sncli an extent, that she narrowly escaped being burnt to death. The tenacity of life in the cat is "well illustrated in thefollowingstoiy from Land and JI'ater, given in the words of the narrator: Greatly to the sorrow of the children, our cat, a lialf Persian, suddenly disappeared, and her accustomed place by the hearth, '* knew lier no more." Search was made high and low, but no trace of puss could bo found. As time went on we conjectured either that our favourite had been stolen by a sailor and taken for a voyage, or killed, and so resigned ourselves to our loss. Great, then, was our surprise last Friday on seeing puss quietly walk in, scarcely able to stand, a veritable skeleton, covered with fur. aud take her seat before the fire. I need not say she was fed and caressed ad libitum. The next day we learned her adventures. It seems on the 24tli of February, puss had strayed in to pay a neighbour a visit, and then finding a plank of the flooring up—a man was alter ing the gas-pipes—had retired into this hole to seek mice. In due course the plank was nailed down, and tfco cat mnde a prisoner. Here then, without food, drink, or air, puss remained until the 20th of March, when her incessant scratching made the occupier of the house fancy a Bit must have a nest there, and take up the flooring to lay poison. The poor creature was taken out considerably more dead than alive; but kindly nursed and fed with little drops of beef-tea, and the next day found strength to crawl home. After her twenty-six days fast, I think poor puss fully entitled to a mo:t absolute indulgence during the re mainder of Lent." Another correspondent to the Scotsman, gives a brief biographical account of several of his feline friends. " No. 1 was a she-cat of the gray brindled kind, which I believe is the "Scottish breed. She, like Ximrod, was a mighty hunter. Hares, rabbits, and partridges all fell victims to her sporting propensities. What is remarkable, is, that whatever she killed she invariably brought home, and laid at my mother's feet. If they were wofctli keeping, as they often were, they were appropriated, while puss sang her' song of pleasure; if they were not worth keeping, they were given back to her, and she devoured 'them with relish. She ate none till they were lifted and then thrown down to her again. She was fond of lish, but unlike other cats, she was willing to wet her feet for them. Often has she been watched sitting on the bum bank until a trout came within reach, when down went her paw and out came the trout, almost without fail. "No. 2 was a Tom-cat, red and white. Like No. 1, he was a mighty hunter. At first he brought the fruits of the chase home; but afterwards became more selfish, and devoured what he could on the spot. What was left he kept hidden xmtil it was required. Perhaps your readers may con- , sider what follows about him as incredible but it is a fact nevertheless. lie seemed to 1 become weary of the lying-in-wait process ; of catching game, and actually endeavoured ; to run down hare3 by speed of foot! Ever ; after that we considered him as having ' a j want.' He was shot because, when a cer- ; tain gnrdener was shooting partridges, O'ih pounced upon a covey, and deprived the sportsman-gavdener of his game. Out of revenge, he lodged the shot in poor Gib." A lady in Norfolk writes as follows: "TVe had a cat that always came to family worship. She knew the bell, and would race from the garden or yard to reach the door ere it was closed, then take her place demurely on the hearthrug, and sit erect with tail cnrled gracefully round her paws. When hor kitten was old enough to enjoy the privilege, the mother made her come too and sit by her side in precisely the km me position, gravely reproving any inclination to play." We close our selection with the following CKtr.iordinaTy instance of a cat drowning itself, the facts being Touched for by a correspondent in Perthshire who writes as follows: " I haTe never been able to find a proper solution for the pithy sayings' Care killed a cflt;1 but recently a circumstance occurred which may throw some light upon the matter, and prove an interesting addition to your anecdotes of animals. " Some of us a few days ago were looking feom a club window which commands a fine view of the North Inch of Perth, and were struck by the erratic movements of a Hrge black cat. Tile creature was wander ing about upon the Inch in a listless and it seemed an ahuless fashion, sitting down now and then, and after a brief pause re snniing its loiterings. Presently it moved down the river-side towards the bridge which spans the Tay, and we lost .sight of the animal and also of our speculations. Next day, as 1 was crossing the bridge, an acquaintance Inidjiold of me, and told me that he had something curious to com municate in the way of natural history. During his constitutional, his attention was arrested by the figure of a black cat sitting upon a heap of stones and wearing an aspect of the most strange dejection. Passing on, lie turned round after a little and perceivcd the cat following slowly in his track. Then it came close up to him, gazed piteonsly in his face, and gave utter ance to a low wail of peculiar anguish. Holding out his hand out to the distressed creature lie said, " Poor Pussy! what's the matter with you?" It looked at him eteadily for a moment, and then descending to the river in silence, leaped in, and keep ing its whole body resolutely under, was drowned in two minutes without one attempt to escape from its fate. Is it known to any one of your renders that animals are addicted lite men and women to the sin of suicide? We have all read of the scorpion putting an end to its agony by the keen poignard of its own sting, lint we are in the habit of identifying suicide with those of the human species who cannot bear to face their own actions. Could it be that poor grimnlkin was under mental aberration, or had care really killed the cat? Were the cares of life too much for this unfortunate of the feline tribe? When we think of the proverbial dislike of cats even to wet their glossy pnws, the act recorded evinoes a deep determination of purpose and a fixed loathing of life. 