PARLIAMENTARY NOTES. Bv "Censor." "What a snort tho Vromicr gwo when Mr Munro transfixed him witli another want of confidence motion Uat night. If therein one thing Mr Gillies prides himself upon tnoro than another, it b his dexterity iu h-mdliu Gtnircs, hut when the Leader of the Opposi- tion raid they were all wrong, and told him to go hack nnd correct them, it wan too much even for his iron nerve. Thl. is cruelty reduced tn a line m t. Captain Kiddwasonco regarded nn the licst man to catch tho iirutcs, nnd on a i.iuiitar principle onu financier exposes the dodges of another, Irnt it ia too had of Mr Muuro to nlioiv up tho tricks of trade. Momben showed a ucarinws nnd apathy when Mr Munro rono to di-lutc the Itndgct. Tfioy went out to tea eotiio ir.cu and re turned. They read their letters or rami- tcrcd in the corridors, brirelicd their Imir nnd waxed their ino's in thoncw lavatory, mid then it began to bo whispered that the surpriso party had snrne tiling in store. .Mr Munro was making _a vigorous attack nn tho financial statement nnd looking daggers, so Memlxcrs (roojKrd in to seo what lie meant. Thuy were not kept long in suspense, for Mr .Slurnn sjxjkc lor shout ait hour only, mid then com- . slitdcd with a dirt-cl nnd startling want of confidence motion. Ho ac tually moved that tho Treasurer 1.I1011M take hack his fitmncial stntcmtiit tud correct it. Take hack my fludgct that I so carefully prepared ? tho ostoumlcd I'rcrnicr anpeared to nak. Yes, wits tho mental reply of the leader of tho OpK>sition, it may be a very good sample of cookery, but it is no Budget. Kvcu Mr Mnnro'n sunportcm were 'Astounded nt the audacity of the proposal. Tell a Premier who is I jacked up by an octopus Railway Bill to Lake hack his Budget! (food Heavens! the daring of tho man. The fiery .Scot did it, and stuck too, and looks as if he meant to see it out. Why, it is wono than Jack (Sardmer's pro posal to pull down tho Melbourne Gaol, Working Men's College, Public Library find National Gallery, Melbourne Hospital, nnd sundry other building.#, to provide room for a railway station. Gardiner may he bold hut for right-down daring devilry commend us to Muuro. Is there attv unholy allinnco bclween tho Government Whip and tho Leader of the Opposition to destroy this State 7 Aro thuy Nihilists in disguise? It is awful! Tlmy net simultaneously, and that is evidence against them. Om: wants lo pull down half our prized public buildings at 0110 go, nnd tho other wants to drug down our much be lauded Government. thicks nnd nlortar,(lerii and blood, intellect and statesmanship to be destroyed nt ons fell swoop. Gan these men ho iu lcnmic with ltosa and Flyiin ? ami are j thoy sotting up a rule of anarchy ? Ah, llravcn ! alio cried, and shook her wooden leg! And there isa Premier blinded with ifio personal danger threatened who doe.i not see this. He can't realise the danger of Tho situation; therefore, remove him silently . ami at dead of night. S'c.s ; it is a fact that% Mr Gillies takes no notice of Mr Gardiner's pro posal, and thinks that MrMnnroonly wants ofiico for himself. If saving tho colony from Anarchy dcnoinlB upon the Treasurer with drawing his Budget, then thi.i colony is eternally condemned. Seriously speaking, although the fore going is serious enough, goodness know, Mr Munro thinkn tho Itudgct ii very much cooked, ovcrdono in fact ; lint what improvement would bo effected if Mr Gillica took it back and hashed it? Wlutt would it bo then? Why a r.cltm.li? Tlmt wmihl l>o too much of n good thing, nn MrGillici is in nitfCciunt political stuw fit present. 'After all, those agricultural ijomtnen, amounting to l.tUOJ/JO, were not earmarked, as MrGiliics promincd, hub have to be paid out of revenue, ho Mr Munro rays, and the charga is ncriou. 'i'lteii tho leader of tho Opposition states there are mistaken in Mr Gillies' figures to the extent ofnfcw hundred thnimaudH. A bad cook there. Mr Muuro could not satisfactorily tnekie tbo surplus, hut >>0 regarded it nsa thing of air, a vision, and not a reality. A good cook perhnpn. Tho Member for Gcolong p!odded\ along in his eager endeavor to trace out tliu Treasurer's niothode, but. gave up in despair, and now awaits developments. This was Munro on Gillies ; but when Un curtain rings up for Gillies on Munro, there will bo moro entertainment. The present Premier is not tho man to give up the ghost without a struggle, and Mr Mtttiro's cooking, lesson may liavu tlto cat meat knocked out of it it. Mr Gillies raid he wouldn't take b.iel; his Budget for Mr Munro or anybody else ; so lie moved the adjournment oftho House to go into training for n bout with tho fiery one. When the l'rcmier does that he meaiiM mischief to lits enemtes. Members wero'rallicr elated to find thoy could go homo nt (I o'clock, hut thoy 1110 expected to l>c tit their places at half- post -I tins afternoon to si-o fair play. 