CO\PROŽTLyG CUTfLILL WAS MUFFIS BETWEEN TWO BRAWNY SALTS. An Ocean Trageday. Br W. CLARK RUSSELL CHA\PTER XIX.--cortinued. A m~mOEIUoS TOICE. 1 LEn her to the starboard quarter, where I had stood with Crinmp, and repeated the story. The darkness gave my recital of the incident the complexion it wanted; a tremor passed through her hand into my arm. It was enough to make a very nightmare of the gloom, warm as it was irith the dew- laden southerly breathing, and delicate too with the small fine lilght trembled into it by the stars, to think of a bail sounding out of it fromul pIrantiusm as shapeless as any dye of glooam upon tile canrv of the eight Ton ou --rnu.,r,. ; ".- aie cerncldthe figures of Wilfril and Finn coming aft. My cousin's deep breathing was audible when he was still at a distance. S"Well, what news ? " 1 called cheerily. Wilfrid drew close and exclaimed, "It is true. I have heard it." " Ha " said I, turning upon Finn. "By allthatis blue, then, MIr. MIon son, sir," exclaimed the worthy fellow, " there is somewhat a-talking below." " What does it any ?" asked Miss Jennings, showing herself all on a sudden thoroughly frightened. " What I heard," said Wilfrid in his most raven note, "was this, ' The Jyaht is cursed. Sil her ome! Sail her h ome!"' "'Twas as plain, Mr. Monson, as his honours own voice," said Fimn, in a plro folmdly despendenle way. "D'ye think, Finn," said 1, " that it is a trick played off upon tihe crew by some skylarking son of a gun forward I" His head wagged against the stars. "I wishl 1 could believe it, uir. Th'le woiee was underfoot. There's nobody belong \- ing to the ship there. There's no man amssing. 'Sides 'tain't a human woice. Never could ha' believed it." He pulled out his pocket-handkerchief and polished his brow. "Well," I exclaimed, "so long as the thing, wlhatever it be, keeps forward-the deuce of it is, I've heard such sounds my self twice. It can't be fancy then. Yet, confound it all, Wilf, there can be nothing supernatural about it either. What is it ? Shall I explore the yacht forward ? Give me a lantern, and I'll overhaul her to my own satisfaction anyway." " You may set us on fire," said Wilfrid; "let the matter rest for to-night. To morrow, Finn, you can rummnage the yaclt." He started violently: '"What can it be though." Are we veritably haunted by the ghost of the Portuguese ?" He tried to laugh, but the dryness of the utteranceseemed to Ialf choke him. "Well, let us wait for daylight, as you say,":' cried I. SI am going below for some seltzer and brandy," said Wilfrid. "Finn, you mnay tell the steward to give the men a glass of grog apiece. What can it be?" lihe muttered, and iris long figure then flitted to the companion, through which he vanlised. It was evident the thing had not yet hled time to work in Ihim. He was more astonished than terrified, but I guessed that superstition would soon be active in himr, and tlust there was a bad night before him of feverish imagiinings and restless wandering. I could not have guessed how frighitened Miss Jennings was until I conducted her below, shortly after ?Wl frid had left the deck, where I was able to observe her scared white face, the bewildered expression in her eyes and a dryness of her cherry under-lip, that kept her biting upon it. Her nmid shared her berth, and I was mighty thankful to feel that the sweet creature had a companion. Indeed, hlad she been alone, one night have wagered she would not have gone to bed that night. My cousin drank freely, but for all that a gloom of spirits settled upon him as slowly and surely as a fog thickens out the atmo sphere and darkens down upon the view. He talked with heat and excitement of the strange voice at the first going- off, but after a little he grew morose, absent minded, with symptoms of temper that made me extremely weary,'and I fetched a breath with a positive sigh of relief when he abruptly rse, bade us brusquely good nlight, and went in long, melodramatic strides to his cabin. - I did my best to inspirit Miss Jennings, but I was not-very successful. It may be that I was morehalf-hearted in my man ner of going to work than I was conscious of. It never; could come to my telling h1r more than that we _might be quite sure, if we could only solve the mystery I of theosomids which had frightened all hands fuoniral, and aft, too, for the nmt- I cr of that. we should be heartily ashanied of our fears in the face of the abject conmnonploae of thile disclosure. Shelt shuok her liead. - "Itnmight be a you say,"she aid, "bul t if this strange voice continues to be heard, trdeed. shoe.r it not rpeak again and yet remain unriddled, what shall we thinkl I am frightened, I own it. I do not be lievo in spirits, Mr. MIonson, in haunting shadows, and other inventions of old nurses; but I cannot forget that jou have heard such a voice as this twice --youwho are so-so---- " Stupid," said 1. " Matter of fact, Mr. Monson." But talking about the thing was not going to help her nerves. She went to bed at ten o'clock, and feeling too sleepy for a yarn with Finn I withdrew to my cabin. I found myself a bit restless, how ever, when I came to put my head upon the pillow, and would catch myself listen ing, and sometimnes I fancied I could hear a faint sound as of a person talking in a low voice. Then it was I would curse myself fora fool and turn aungrily in my bed. Yet for all tht, I would fall a-lis tening again. Itwas quiet weather still, as it had been sine sun down. In the alncknels oL my hin I could use a bhight star sliding up itd- idobn tiu ebonysot the glass of the scuttle, w-itlh a pause at inter rils, when it would beam steadfastly and intelligently upou mie as though it were a hulaun eye. Now and again the water went away froii the side in a stifled sob. I could have prayed for such another squall as I have described to burst uponi us for the life that would comne to tie spirit out of the lighltning flash, tile roar of thunder, the shriek of wind, the fierce blow of the black surme, and tile tempes tuoas hiss of its dissolving spume. I cudgelled my wits for a solution of tIhe voice, but to no purpose. It .as ridicu lous to suppose that a man lay hidden below. For what sailor of the crew but would inot be quickly missed 1 And then again I had but to consider, to understand wlhat I had not thought of on deck, I mean that even if a pair of hurricano lungs were secreted in the hold it was scarcely con ceivable that their utmost volume of sound could penetrate through the thick, well caulked plankiln of the forecastle deck. At last I fell asleep. CHAPTER X. MUrFFy IS PU?"isnoD. IT was seven o'clock when I awoke. I at once rose, bathed, and went on deck, thinking as I passed through the cabin and observed the brilliant cffect of the sunshine streasinhg through porthole and skylight in rippling silver upon tle ahising bulkheads, thie diant lamps, the mirrors, rihel carpet and elegant draperies of the cabin, what a very insignificant figure a night-fear cuts by daylight. The wind was north-east, a merry shining morning withl a wide bliue heaven full of liquid lustre softened by many small white clouds blowing into the south-west, and rich as prisms with the rainbow lights that kindled in their skirts as they sailed past the sun. The firm line of the ocean went round the sky tenantless. The yacht was making good way, running smoothly over I the crisping and c?daing waters under an airyspread of studdingsailwhieh trembled a light into the water far beyond her side. Finn was on deck standing aft with his back upon tihe companion. I walked leisurely over to him with vitality in the very last recesses of my being stirred by the exquisite sweetness and freshness of the long. pure sualit .mshing of the wind. "Good morning, Captin Finn." He turned and touched his cap. "How long is this delicious weather going to last, 1 wonderl Nothing in sight, eh? Bless us, captain, whel are we going to run the Shark into view " , =e looked at mo with a curious ex- n pression which his smile, that was always in thie middle of his face, rendered ex ceedingly odd, and said, "Did ye hear i unything like Ia .ysterious woice, sir, last 1 sight after you'd turned in 1" t"Iwasforfancynlg "I answered, "tlht I the atmosphere caswl-dwith indistinguish able whispers. But I suppose without inagination there would, be no lunatic asyluns."• He said, still preserving his odd look, t 'iTnt sperrit's discovered, sir." " Gammon I "I exclaimed. "'Ay I we've got hold of the woice 1" a he cried gleefullr y "Did ye ever see au ghost. Mr. MIonson sir? Look I There's the corpse as belonged to the wreck, and theresi the happarition as wa a-ecursing of I this yacht last night in the forepeak, and your honour may take it that ire is the invisible shape whoso hail from eob yon quarter has given old Jacob the blues ;"" and all the time tlmt he spoke he was pointing to the foresritgin njust under the cross-trees. - I lad before lightly elanced at a man up t there, but had given iina no heed what- h ever, as I supposed him to bo a sailor it a work. But now I looked again, shading fi my eyes. ly cr .ulin !" I cried witll a gasp of as- a tonishment. "Io you mean to ~ny-?."' h and I veritably staggered as the full truth and absurlity of the thi,, rushed upon Ice. ed He ung in the ri-ini facinfseawards, and the was tun" upon tuns of rope b round his arun and leg ; indeed hu was as snugly secured to the sllruds as if he tl 1 had been a sample of chafing gear. The sailors had compassionately jammed his g hat down on his head, and in the shadow I of the brim of it his face looked of the se ickly yellow hue of tallow. But he was o too high to enable me to witness the ex pression he wore. He had nothing on but his shirt and a pair of grimy duck trouser, rolled to above his knees. S"Whatdoyou think of him as a sperrit, o sir ?" cried Finn, with aloud lhorese laugh y which caused the sailors at work forward y to look up grinning at Mlulfin, who hung Sas motionless in the shrouds as if he lay in a a faint there. " How long has he been seized aloft ? " r said I, with something of a pang coming Sto me out of the sight of him, for there rfollowed close on my first emotion of r astonishment a sort of admiration for the outlandish genius of the creature that worked in eno like a feeling of pity. "Since dawn," answeresd Finn. "The men put hin where e is let 'em have their?ayw I was tafrcd thley might have used hirin i n ulier fashion, sir. Jack don't like to be made a fool of, your honour. Old Jacob, I'n told, fell blood thlirsty. Yc se ace, ye can't tae a view of them sailors, eslpecially suchl a chap as Cutbill, and tlhink of 'em as lambs." " He must be an amazingly clever ven triloquist, though," said I, "Of courses! All's as clear as daylight now. He was leaning over tile rail when Crimp and I were talking on that night we heard the voice. I caight eight of him in the cabin a ninuto after the cry had sounded. The dexterous rogue! lie must have sneaked witll amazing swiftness below. A conaum mate actor, indeed ! How was he dis covered 7" "Whiy," answered Finn, with a slow shake of laughtes, " tlhere's a chap nanmed Harry Blake as occupies the bunk just over him. Blake like O'Connor, is an Irishman, with a skin as curdles to the thoughtofaghost. Hewasmorefrightened than any other man forrards, and lay awake listening. Time passed : all the watch was snoring saving this here Blake. On a sudden lie hears the woice. He sits up, all of a muck o' sweat. Why, think's he, it's the mute as lies under me a-talking, in his sleep ! He drops on to the deck and looks at Muffin, who presently fell a talking again in his sleep, using the hi dentical words that Sir Wilfrid had heard, and the tone o' voice was the same, sort o' muffled and din-like ; but it wasn't pitched fit to make a scare, soeing, of course, that the hartist was unconscious. On this Blake sings out, kicks up a regular hullabaloo, tells the men that the woice was a trick of .Muffin's. MLuflin being half-dazed and terrified by the sailors crowding round his berth, threaten ing of him, confesses, and says that he did it with the notion of terrifying Sir Wilfrid into returning home as his life had growed a burden. The men then called a council to settle what should be done with hiu, and it ended when day break come in their seizing him up aloft as yo see there, where they mean to keep him until I've consulted with Sir Wilfrid as to the sort of punishment the chap merits." "What shall you propose, Captain Finn?" said I, with a glance at the bound figure, whosi motionlessness made him seem lifeless, and whose posture, there fore, was not a little appetalint "Sir," answered Finn, ' I shall re coumnend his honour to leave it to the " But they may hang him " "No i 'ill see they stop short of that. But, M1r. Mouson, sir, begging your par don, I'm sure you'll allow with me that Muffin 'II deserve all lie's likely to get. Speaking as master of this weasel, I say that if he hadn't been found out in good time it might have gone blazing land with all of us. The men were saucy enough last night, growling, indeed, as if. it was next door to a mutiny being under way; and yet it was the first time of the woice speaking in the hold. Imagine it goin on for several nights ! It was bound to end in all hands giving up unless we shifted our helmn for home, which Sir Vilfrid would never have consented to ; so there yo'd have had a quandary as bad as if the sailors had been laid low with pison, or as if the Bride had tamled to and loked at every butt end. Then think of his anointing his 'honour's cabink with flaming letters ;. all to sae his own measly wish to get out of an undertaking that he don't relish. ... Mir. Ionson, air, he wants a lesson, somethingartorthe whipping and pickling business o' my fathers day, and sooner than that he should miss one of his desarts by striving to get to windward of' the soft side of his honour's nature, I'm damned," said he, striking his open hand with hlis clenched fiat, "if I wouldn't up and tell Sir tl frid myself that it was thalmt thereo Muflin as wrote thie shining words about his honour's baby." - "Best not do that," said L" ; "VWe want no tragedies aboard us, Finn,. How ever, you may count upon 'miy not inter fering; but for God'ssakelet there be no brutality." "That '11 be'all right, sir," answered the skippeir, with such a look, however, at the helple?ss anda stirles figre in the rigging as satisfied me that his inclination at present at all events, was not towards mercy. It was not a sort of sight to make the deck a pleasant lounge till breakfast time. I was moved by some compassion for the unfortunate creature, mainly due, 1 believe, to a secret admiration for his remarkable skill and dramatic cunning ; and understanding that the sooner Wil frid was apprised of this business the sooner would Mufiin be brought down out of the shrouds, I steppel below. Tle head steward came out of nmy cousin's cabinc an I approached tihe door. "Is Sir \ilfrid getting upi ' aid I. "I've just taken him his hot seater, sir. He isn't out of bed yet. He's very heavy; had a bad nigjlt, I've been told, I passed on and knocked. "W hat is it?" cried Wilfrid in a drowsy irritable voice. I entered, and said, "Sorry to disturb you, Wilf, but there's news that will interest you. liH started up; "The Shark? "hs cried. "No," I answered, "they've found out who talked like a ghost last night ; who it was that whispered off the ocean to Crimp and me that this yacht was cursed; and who it was that made the corpse on the wreck hail us." He sat bolt upright with eyes and nostrils large with excitement. " Who 1" "luffin," said T. "lufinl I" he shouted; "what d'ye mean. Charles ?" "Why, the fellow's a ventriloquist, an incomparable artist, I should say, to deceive us all so atrociously well." He stared at me with a face of dumb astonislhmuent. " What was his motive, think you?" le asked presently. "Ho's pining to get home," I replied; "he's capable of any tricks to achieve that end. Tie men mean to punish him, and Finn is waiting to confer with you on the subject. They've had hins lashed to a the rigging aloft since daybreak." s " Ti scoundrel !" he cried, springing r on to the deck with a dark look of rage, 5 yet with an indescribable note of relief as s of a mind suddenly eased, softening the first harshness and temper of his voice. t "I have to thank him for a frightful s night. What a fool 1 am," le cried, vehemently striking his forehead, "to suffer myself to be terrified by things I which I ought to know-which I oeught to know," he repeated with passionate emphasis, " cannot be as they seem." " Well, Wilf," said I, "you will find Finn on deck. He will tell you all about it, and you will leave the fellow's punish ment to the men, or settle with Finn the sort of discipline the man deserves as you shall think proper. I wash my hands of the affair, satisfied with Finn's promise that there shall be no brutality," with which I left lrim and returned to my cabin, where I lay reading till the break fast ell rang. iesa Jemntngs was alone in the cabin. Shie stood with head incinned over some flowers which still bloomed in the mould ine wicth they nhad been brought from EnglaLd. Tie sunshine of her hair blended with the pinks and whites of the petals, and the gems on "her hands trembled like dewdrops on the leaves of tire plants an she lightly touched them with fingers half caressing, half adjusting. IIHer look of astonishment when I told her that tihe voice we had heard wes a trick of Muffin's was like a view of her beauty in a new light ; amazement willth a sparkle a of lauge toerbeleinl it to therw out tihe expression, rounded her eyes and deepened their Ieue. Tien the little creature clasped her lands with gratitude that tie thling should have been dis covered. "lfuffin is quite a rascal," she said, antd so clever as to be a real danger." Sire could scarcely credit that he had skill enouglh to deceive tle ear nas oe hlead. Wilfrid was low in coming; I could see leint throughi the skylight walking witle Finn, gesticulating much, with a frequent look in the diroection where, as ceiglt gather, Master Muffin still lhung. He kept nMiss Laura and I waiting for nearly a quarter of an hour, during which I ex plained how oluflin had been discovered, tow W'ilfrid had gone on deck to arrange a punislmecnt for him, and tihe like. Presently my cousin arrived, and on catlching sight of bliss Jennings, cried out in his most boyish manner, "Only think, my dear, that our superstitious alarms lost night should be owing to a trick, but a deuced clever trick, of that illiterate, yellow-faced, tearful, half-cracked son of a greengrocer-Mfuflin. I never could have believed he had it in hint. E?, Charles? Mand of course; 1 don't any dangerously so, but warped, you know, or is it likely thathe would practise so cruel and dangerous a deceit merely because he wants to get homse Why, d'ye know, Oharles, Finn gravely swears tlat, lhad the rascal persisted successfully for two or three nights, the yacht would have been in an uproar of mutiny, perhaps seized, ay, actually seized, through the terror of the crew, and sailed home-ending all my hopes." " How is he to be served I" "Finn proposes," he answered, " that the men should form a court-a judge and jury. Their decision will be brought aft for our approval. If the sentence be a reasonable one, tihe fellows will be allowed to execute it." biss Jennings looked scared. "They won't hurt himn much," said I f'"Finn has pledged his word to me. 'Tin tihe fright that will do him good. Is he out of tie rigging, Wilf ?" "Probably by thlis time," hle answered. " I told Finn to get him sent down and fed. The sun is hot up there, and the poor devil faced it." Whilst we breakfasted I lad much to i say about the fellow's singular accomplish- I ment as a ventriloquist; suggested i that by-and-bye hesihould be brought aft e to entertain us, and expressed wondert that a man so gifted, qualified by nature, moreover, to dress up his singular and special faculty with the airs of as theatri cal acountenance ans everI had heard of, 1 should be satisfied with the mean offices .of a valet. But my flow of speech was t presently checked by a change of mood m Wllfrid. His face 'darkened ; le pushed his plate from him, and let fly at tuffin in language which would not have I been wanting min profanity probably had blas Jennings been absent. "lDo you remember thase strange warnings that I received about my litt I one?" he cried, tuming awild eye uliun me. "Afterthegoss deception of lant night, wrho's to tell me that I might not i have been made a fool of in that too i" I shot a hurried glance of meaning and oarning at biss Jennings, and said care- .a lessly, "Depend upon ct, we can never be t victis of more than our senses in this life." " Why should the creature lavo left me p to go forward ? he shouted. . 1 touched my forehead withl a smile. f '"When you engaged this fellow," said I. 'you suppoced his brain healthy any- i way. Now, my dear Will, the motive of sthis voyage supplies plenty of occn 5 patibii to the nmnd, amd there Is excite s meiit enough to be got out of it without the obligation of a luflatit tO wiait tpott Sycu." He burst into alaugh, without howevct a hint of merriment in it, and then fell silent and most uncomfortably ~oody. SShortly afterwards he went ou deck. "What'll they do to Muffin; Mr. Mon \- on, doyou think ?" Miss Laura asked. "I cannot imagine," said I; "they may duck him from the yard-arm, they may spreadeagle and refresh him with a feu- dozens; punish him they will. Finn is hot as'-nst him. He is quito right in suggesting that a few suchl cx Jwrsences as that of last night might indeed "must-Ismve ended in a perilous mutiny. Are you coming on dock ? "But it is a beautiful morning. The breeze is us sweet as milk, and the clouds as radiant a though tle anugls were blowing soap-bubblets" ° SIdo not care ; I shall remain in the abLin. Do you think I could witness a man be.in ducked or whipped? should faiit." hipped I "Well, I will go and view the spectacle, Sso as to be aletogive you the story of it." r She pouted, and cried, "Wretched Muffin IWhy did Wilfrid bring him 1 Lend me one of Scott's novels, ~ir. Iun son. I cannot got on with that story about the nobility." I was not a little surprised, on passing through the companion hatch, to find that a the first act'of the drama was about to begin. The whole of the ship's coin phny, wits the exception of the man who b as at thue seeol, were asseumbled on they " forecastle. Crimp and Finn stood to gether nnear the forerigging, looking on. One of the sailors, who I afterwards 0 learned was Cutbill, had pinned a blanket overhis shoulders to serve him as a robe, Shilst on his head he wore a contrivance lthat might have been a pudding-bg, though whatit really was I could not dis tinguish. He halld covered his chin and cheeks with a quantity of oakum, and presented a very extraordinary appear ance as lie sat weith a great air of dignity on tie top of assnall bread cask. Six Ssailors stood wing-like on either hand hiim, constituting the jury, as I supposed. Confronting Cutbill was Mutfin between two brawny salts, each of whom held hintes t by the arm. The valet made a most melancholy figure, and even at the distance of tihe quarterdeck I could see SIhis naked yellow shalnks, his breeches being turned above the knees, quivering and yielding, till I began to think that the two sailors held him, not as a prisoner, o but to prevent him from tusmbling down. rWilfrid was swinging to and fro tshe equarterdeck with long flighty strides, taking as eager, probing, short-sighted stare at the crowd forward when lie faced them, and tsen rounding to step aft with a grinon his face and his underlip work ing as though he talked. "I'm glad tosee Cutbill making a fool I of imself,"said I. " Jack's jinks are ,oseldom dangerous when le introduces skylarkiing after the pattern of that fellow 's make up. Shall we stop forward and hear the trial, Wilf i" "No," said he, " it would be undigni fied. Every man to the end he belongs to aboard a ship. Finn is there to see all fair. Besides, Muffin might appeal to me or to you, and I mean that the sailors shall have their way with himt providing, of course, that they don't carry thingo too far." "Let's sit then," said I ; "your seven league boots are too much for me this hot morning." He called to te steward to bring hims his pipe, and we posted ourselves on tie grating aolft the wheel. It was a very gelss of a picture just then. Thle monvas rose spreading on high in clouds of soft whiteness so silver-like to the burning of the sun that viewed from a little distance I don't doubt they would haveshone upon the eye with the sparkle of crystal or tihe richer gleam of- a pearl-encrusted surface. Tile decks went forward pure as ivory, every shadon so sharp that it looked as though anartist had been at work upon the planks, counterfeiting tie rigging and every curve of stirless cloth and all deli rate interlacery of ratline and gear running crosswise. Thie sea sloped hs dark blue summer undulations, light as tie rise and fall of the breast of a sleep ing girl, into teie liquid zure upon the starboard bow, where the steam-whsite clouds were gathered in a huddle like a great flock of sheep waiting for tie rest tiat were on their way there to join them. The crowd on the forecastle filled that part of tise vessel with colour. It was the fuller of life for the coninggand going of the shadows of the far-reaching studdingails and the marble-like arch of the flowing squaresail on the many dyes of the tough, knotted, bearded groups of faces with heads of hair and wiry whiskers ranging from the blackness of the rook's plumes to a pale straw colour, most of the beards wagging to the excited gnawing upon junks of tobacco standing high in the cheek-bones, with here a wrinkled grin, there a sour cast, all combining to a picture that I have but to close my eyes to witness bright and virid again as though it were of yesterday. Tile trial was very decorously conducted; there were no jeers, no cries, no noise of any kind. I could hear the rumble of Cutbill's deep-sea notes, and once or twice uIuffins response, faint as tin squeak of a rat deep down. Crimp was called as a witness, and declaimed a bit,: but notlhing reached me save the sulky rasp of hIsis voice. The fooling did not last long. Cutbill got on top of his cask ts address the jury, and I saw the fellow at the wheel near us shaking hisi sides at the preposterous figure of the nsan as lie hugged Iis blanket to his heart, gravely nodding with his pudding-bag first to tin six men on his left, then to the six men on his right, whilst- he delivered his charge. When this was ended Captain Finn, with a look aft, sang out at the top of his voice, evidestly that w shlould hear hims: "Now, my lads, you who constitute the jury, what's -our vardict? Is the prisoner at tile bar guilty or not guilty i" "LGuilty " all twelve men roared out at one, on which Cutbill, still erect on i caksk passed judgment. I strained my ear, but to no purpose. It was-a monotonous rigmarole of a speech, and so long that I turned with a face of dismay to Wilfrid. "I say, what are they going to do with him 1 -Wry, Cutbill has said enough to include whipping, ducking, roasting, hanging, and quartering." "'They only osean to frigihten Idm," he answ-ered, looking anxious nevertheless. The two men -who grasped Mulfin walked him- into the head, faced. -lhis round, and stood on cither.lcisd him still prmervingtheirhlold. Finn camc aft, the men meanwhile hanging about in a -body forward insa posture of waiting. "W\Vell, whiat is decided on?0 cried Wilfrid eagerly and nervously; - \- Finn tousehd bih cs. Ho triedtolook grate, but secret enjoyment was very visible in the twinkle of his eye, spite of the portentoes curve of his mouth and the long drop of his chops to his chin end. "Your honour, the men's vardict is that the prisoner's to be cobbled and ducked." "Cobbed I" etied Wilfrid, whilst I exclaimed "Ducked I " with a look at the fore yardarm that stood high above the " Every man'll give hint a blow with s rope's end as he walks forrard,"-ex plained Finn, "and'arterwards cool him with a bucket o' water apiece." Wilfrid's eyes came to mine. "It will depend upon how hard every man hits," said I; " the ducking is innocent enough. Yet I see nothing of cruelty in the sentence; and really the fellow not onlyrequires to be punished, but to be terrified as well." "The hands are waiting for me to tell 'em to begin, your honour," said Finn with a glance forward. "It'll make the punishment too severe to keep the poor devil awaiting for it." "One moment," exclaimed Wilfrid; "did he offer any excuses ?" " Why, sir, he said he was egged on with the desire to return to his mother and get off the sea which disagrees with his insides and affects his hintellectuals. He says he meant no more harm than that. Don't believe he did, but it might have ended in some smothering trouble all the same 'I came as a walet,'says he 'and here now am I,' says he, ' broke just a ship's dog, a filthy scullion,' says he, ' when my true calling,' says lie, 'is that of gentleman's gentleman.'" "But, confound him ! " cried Wilfrid, "it was hlie who left me ; I did not dis miss him. He went forward of his own will." "My dear Wilfrid, he is cracked," said I. " Get on, get on and make an end of this, now, Finn," exclaimed Wilfrid with a little colour of temper in each checek. "I'm weary of the business, and want these decks cleared and iluiet to the eye." The skip'per promptly trudged forward, and sung out as he advanced. In a few moments most of the sailors had ranged themselves along the deck in a double line. Every man held a piece of rope in his hand--reef points they looked to me, though whether they had been cut for this special business or had been hunted for amidst raffle of the kind forward I cannot say. Meanwhilea couple of sea men handed buckets full of water along from a little pump in the head until every man had one at his feet When these preparations were completed the brace of salts who had charge of iuflbn suddenly whipped off his shirt, and laid bare Iris back, so that he stood in nothing but a pair of breeches, a very radish of a figure--lhis yellow anatomy glancing dully in the sunshine, whilst the ghastly pallor of his face was heiglhtenod yet by his plaister of coal-black hair just as his in ward terror was accentuated by the cork screw- like writhing of his lean legs, the convulsive twitching of his arns, and the disnal rolling of his dead, black, lustre less eyes. It was impossible not to feel sorry for the wretched creature. One felt that hlie was intitled, by virtue of the remarkable gift he had displayed, to a discipline of a more dignified sort than lie was now to be subjected to. I laughed out, however, when Cutbill formed a procession. Absurdity could not have gone beyond the figure the great whiskered tarpaulin cut in his blanket and the can vas bag that served him as headgear as, making a sign, he tragicilly entered the double line of men, beatingwith his lhands that Muffin and his two supporters should keep time with his strides. When Muffin was brought to the aftermost end of the rank of seamen Cutbill seized him by the neck and forced him to give us a bow. The two sailors who had conducted hIim to this point then posted themselves with the others, each of theit picking up a rope's ncud, whereupon Cutbill, twisting Mufllin so as to force hint to face the vessel's forecastle, took a couple of strides backwards, extending his arms under his blanket to hinder Muffin from running forwards. "Lay on now I" lie hoarsely bawled, and then whack ! whack ! whack ! whack! sounded upon the unhappy Muffin's spine as rythmically as the tapping of a land crab's claws upon a polished floor. Every fellow admninistered his single blow with a will, one or two spitting on their hands before their turn came. The sufferer writhed pitifully to the very first stroke, and to the fourth howled out like a dog. The sight half sickened me, and yet I found myself laughing-though, I dare say, there was something of hysteric nervousness in my merriment-at the preposterous spectacle of the staggering, twitching, dodging, almost nude figure of Muffin, throwing out into strong relief the huge blanketed form of Cutbill, who, with arms distended, his head with its adorunment of oakum nodding gravely from side to side as if bestowing approba tion on each man for the blow he dealt, strode backwards on majestic legs, care fully turning out his toes as though he were giving Mufflln a lesson in dancing, and sliding along the lines of knotted, hairy faces with the air of some court functionary marshalling the progress of royalty. As the echo of the last whack rose hollowly off Muflfin's back, the skin of which was unbroken, though it was barred with white lines that resembled flakes of peeled onion, Cutbill whirled him round again, choking the yell he was in the act of delivering into a moan, and ran him back to where he had first started. The ropes' ends were now dropped ; every man seized his bucket, and as Muffin moved, slowly confronted as before by Cutbill, who barricaded the way withm outstretched arms, striding backwards once again with Cape-Horn graces, he received a deluge full in his face one after another till I thought the very breath would have been washed out of his body. "Nowcutdownbelowanddryand clothe yourself," roared Finn, as the last bucket was emptied over the shivering creature, "and the next time, my lad, ye try any of your pranks upon e'er a man aboard this wessel, whether he lives forward or whether he lives aft, we'll send ye aloft to that yardarin there with a rope round your neck." Cutbill whipped off his blanket and tore the oakum andeap offhlis head. In a few brief moments the decks resounded with the slapping of sailors aswabbing up the wet; buckets were stowed away in their places, the rope's-ends collected, and in an incredibly short space of time all was as though no such incident as I hIve related had happened, the planks drying fast, some seamen aft spreading the awning, other fellows at their several jobs in the rigging or on deck, just a grin now and again passing amongst them, but no laughter and no talk, and the yacht softly pushing forwards- under the incarensming glory of the sun fast approach. tg his meridian. "We shall hear no more of Muffin. I think," said Wilfrid, sllowing nothing of the ewcitment I had expectedl to find in t him. ' "No," said I with a yawn and sickened { somewhat by the business that had just I ended, "but all this sort of busineiss doesn't look like the errand that has brought us out onl to the face of these broad waters,' "Ay," said ho, "but that errand was in jeopanly until this morning." .c wenl to the rail and took a long thirsty look ahead. 1 waited thinkingkhe meant to return. Instead he folded his arms and continued gazing, motionless, with eyes so intently fixed that I took a look too, conceiving that he beheld some thing to fix his attention, A strange ex pression of surprise entered his face, his brow lightened, an air of eagerness sharpened his visage. 'Twas as likely as not thathe saw with his mind's eye what he craved to behold in reality, and that the vision a sudden craze had raised up before him, was as actual to his tainted imagination as if it lay bright to all hands upon the sea-line. But I felt wearied to the heart, sick as from a sort of ground swell of emotion, worried with sharper longings to make an end of this idle quest than had ever before visited me. The mere sight of Wilfrid's posture and face was enough to increase the fit of the blues upon me just then, and I quietly slipped below for such sunny influence as was to be got out of the presence of the sweet little woman in the cabin. CHAPTER XXI. HEAVY WEATHER. ArEwr this, for a good many days nothing in any degree noteworthy hap pened. It seemed, indeed, as though whatever little there was to alarm or divert during this extraordinary voyage had been packed into the beginning of it. Muffin lay ill of his back for two days in his bunk; but for Wilfrid, Finn would have had the poor devil up and about within ah hour of drying and dressing himself. The skipper could not forgive that menace of mutiny which had been involved in the yellow-faced joker's effort to procure the shifting of theyacht's helm for home, and he would always refer privately,to me with violent indignation to the valet's trick upon his master. But on Wilfrid's hearing that the man was in pain and that his nerves had been pro strated by the punisihment, he ordered Finn to let him remain below until he was better or well. There was no more ven triloquism; the midnight silence of the forecastlowas left unvexed by muffled im precations. The sailors, when Muflin left his bunk, asked hinm to give them an entertainment, to which he repliedbysay ing lie would sce them ins nameless place first. The request, indeed, maddened him. I ratherodfrom sullen Crimp's sour versrinos tS.i;noidntthat Muffin shrieked at the men, shook his fist at theml, his eyes started half out of his head, the foam gathered upon his lips, and he heaped curses and oaths of a nature so novel, so unimaginable, indeed, upon them, that the stoutest shrunk back from the scream ing creature, believing hint to be raving mad. Hoseever, lie behaved himself very quietly on deck. I never caught him looking our way nor speaking, nor heard him again singing in a dog-watch in his woman's voice. Life grew so tedious that I should lhave been glad to see himi aft again for the sake of his parts as a mimic and actor. I was certain the man would have contrived a very good entertainment for us night after night; but Wilfrid said no, angrily and obstinately once and for all, and so tile subject dlropped. The north-east trales blew a fresh breeze and bowled us hl dsomely athwart the broad blue field of the Atlantic. The Bride was a noble sailer when she had the chance, and some of our runs rose to three hunlred miles in the twenty-four hours. with a hill of snow at either bow and the frothing surge of the trades chasing as, and a sensible increase of heat day after day in the loud and shrilling sweep of air and the glitter of flying-fish sparkling on wings of gauze from the white and gold of our vessel's shearing passage. We had entered tie tropics, but had met with no ship that we could speak. At times a sail shone, but always afar. The look-out aloft was as steadfast as the rising and the sinkhlg of the sun. Day after day the polished tube up there was sweeping the glass-like sapphiro of the oceau boundary, steadily circling the firm line of its steeping from either quarter to ahesd. But the cry of "Sail hlo!" delivered at long intervals, never resulted in more than the disclosure of a rig of a very different pattern from what we were in pursuit of. A settled gloom fell upon my cousin's spirits. He complained of sleeplessness; his appetite failed him, he talked but little, and his one subject was tile Slhrk. I would sometimes long for a startling incident to shako him out of the melan choly that sat darkly as the shadow of madness upon him. Miss Jennings tried hard to keep up her heart, but already I could see that the monotony of the voyage, coupled with an incessant strain of ex pectation, was proving too much for her. She had come to this strange quest taking my cousin's word for what was to happen. She had given Wilfrid's programme of hopes no consideration. We were bound to fall in with the Slark at sea, or, at the very worst, to arrive at the Cape before her, and there lay in wait. She was find ing out now that tlhe ocean was the pro digious plain I ihad represented it for a pursuit of this kind, andtrhat the journey had already grown infinitely tedious, though Table Bay lay some thousands of miles distant yet. Still she stuck to her guns manfully. Her heart would show in her eyes when she thought her self unobserved ; but if ever I approached the subject, in conversing with her on the vagueness and vanity of this pursuit, she would tell me that it was idle to talk, that she had nmad up her mind, that she had cast in her lot with Wilfrid in this chase, and that whilst lie continued to pursue his wife, no matter to walt part of the world he might direct Finn to steer the vessel, she would remain at Ils side. "Should I ever forgive myself, do you think, Mr. Monson," she would argue, "if after I had left him Wilfrid found Henrietta, and she refused to return with him for lack, perhaps, of the in fluence I should be able to xert l" "'Ay.hbut do not you suppose too mucili"I would answer. " Pernls~ Wil frid msight fall in with hIis wife; perlaps she might decline to have anything to do with him; perisaps if you were present shel mighlt yield to your entreaties. As my snmpatlies are not so deeply concerned as yours, I am ahlo possibly to take more ipractical views. Thu one staggering con ideration with me is this: we atre at Tabla Bay and find the ?Shark low~ sailed and there is nobody to tell us where she ils gone. Figure orour outlook then I" "But you are supposingtoo. Tlhe lShart' an yarrive whilst we ae lying in Table i way. Wlt then, Mh-h luoson " h it was idloetalk, though to her " what then ?" I might have replied by another question: "If Lady MIonson. at Table }ay, should decline to allow her husband to carry her homen in his yacht, thant idea?" It must have fared hard with me, I think, but for this girl; for had I haid during this journey no other companion than Wilfrid, likely as not it would have ended in my carrying "a bee in nmy bon net" for the rest of my days. Between us we managed to kill many tedious hours with eards, chess, chats, reading aloud whilst Wilfrid lay hid in God knows what mysterious occupation in his cabin or paced the deck alone, austere, unapproachable, with an iron sneer on his lip and on his brow the scowl of a dark mood out of which you might have looked to see him burst into some wild, unreasoning piece oif ehaviour, some swearing fit, or insane soliloquy-one knew not what; only that the air of hiim held you restless with ex pectation of trouble in that way. The ?iight-time was the fairest part of this queer trip when we got under the tropic heights, with failing breezes, hot and noist, softly-rnnmning surges languidly gunshing into a sheet-lightning of phos phoric froth, a full moon that at her meridian came near to the brilliance of sunrise, the planets large, trembling and of heavenly beauty, a streak of dim fire in the dark water over the counter denot ing the subtle, sneaking pursuit of some huge fish ; and reflections' of white stars like dim water-lilies riding the polished ebony heave when it ran foamless. Even ing after evening on such nights as these would Miss Laura and I placidly step the deck together or sit watching the exquisite effects of moonlight on sail and cordage ; ortherisingof the luminary above the black rim of ocean, with the tremble of the water in its tilght as though the deep thrilled to the first kiss of the nioonbeams; gliding from one romantic fancy to another as tenderly as our keel floated over the long, drawn respirations of the deep. Indeed, it would come sometimes to my thinking thamt if the Bride were myyacht and Laurn and I alone in her-with a crew to navigate the erait, to be sure-I should be very well natsfied to go on nailing about in this fa?lion in these intitudles, under those glorious stars and upon these warm and gentle seas, until she tired. In its serene moonlit i:oodls the ocean possesses an incomparableo and amazing magic of spiritualising. The veriest common-place glows into poetic beauty under the mys tcrious, vitalising, enriching influence. I have seen a girl whom no exaggerated courtesy could have pronounced dcomely by daylight, show like an angel on the deck of a yacht on a hushed and radiant night rwhen the air has been brimnming to the stars with the soft haze of moonlight, and when the sea has resembled a carpet of blick silk softly waving. The moon is a witch, and her pencils of light are charged with magic qualities. In the soft golden effulgence my companion's face would sometimes grw idphantasmal, a dream of girlish loveliness, the radiance of her hair and skinblendingwith the rich illusivelight till.I would sometimes think if I should glance away from her and then look again, I should find her fairy countenance melted \--a romantic confession that tells the story of my heart! Yes, I was-far gone; no need to deny it. Our association was intimate to a degree that no companion ahip ashore could approeach. Wilfrid left us alone together for hour after hour, and there was nobody to intrude upon us. Finn clearly understood what was happen ing, and sour old Crimp was always careful to leave us onto side of the deck to our sel-es. But there was now to happen a violent chalmnge-a transformation -of peaceful, amorous conditions of the right kind to affright romance and to drive the spirit of poetry cowering out of sight. We were in latitude about eight degrees north; the longitude 1 do not remember. The night had. been very quiet but thick; here and there a star that was a mere lustreless blur in the void, and the water black and sluggish as liquid pitch rithout a gleam in it. The atmosphere had been so sultry that I could get no rest. The yacht dipped drearily from:side to side, shaking thunder out of her canvas and sending a sound, like a low sobbing wail, off her sides into the midnight gloom. This prevented me from opening the ?cuttle, and 1 lay half stifled, occasionally driven on deck by a sense of suffocation, though it was like passing from one hot room to another in a Turkish bath. There was a baroneter in the cabin just under the dlole in the skyliglt; every time I quitted my berth I peeped at it, and every time I looked I observed that the mercury hadsettled somewhat, a verygradual but a very steady fall. That foul weather was at hand I could not doubt, but it was hard to imagine the character it -would take down amongst these equatorial parallels, where one hardly looks for gales of wind or cyclonic outbursts, or the rush ing tempest red with lightning of high latitudes; though every man who lhas crossed the Line will know that tile ocean is as full'of the unexpected thereabouts as in all other parts of the globe. I somehow have a clearer recollection of that night than of the time that fol lowed, or, indeed, of any other passage of hours during this queer sca ramble I am writingabout. It was first the intolerable heat, then the mendurably monotonous lifeless rolling of ile yacht, rith its regular aecompaniment of the yearning _ra-di of recoiling waters, tie ceaseless and irritating clicking of cabin doors upon their hooks, the idle beating of canvas above hollowly penetrating the deck with a muffled echo as of constant sullen explo sions, the creaking and straining to right and to left and above and below, a hot smell of paint and varnish and upholstery nmingled with some sort of indefinable marine odour; a kind of faint scent of rotting seaweed, such as will sometimes rise off the breast of the sluggish deep when stormy weather is at hand. I believe I drank not less than one dozen bottles of seltzer water in the smnall hours, i was half dead of thirst, and routed out the stesard and obligedhim to supply me with a plentiful stock of this roefreshment. But the more I drank the hotter I got, and no shipwrecked eye ever more grate fully saluted the grey of dawn than did mine when, wakening from a half-hour of feverish sleep, I beheld the light of morn ing lying weak and lead-coloured on the glass of the porthole. An uglier jumble of sky I ndrer beheld when I sent my first look up at it from thie companion lateh. It was as though some hundreds and thousands of factory chimnyns ihad been vomiting up their black francs throughout the night, the Iodlies of vapour coming together orver our miasthel?ads andcompacting there lumpishly amid the stangant air with thie livid thickenings dimming into dusky browns; and here and there a uallow lump of gloom of the kind of yellowish tinge to make one think of fire and thunder. The confines of this ghastly storm-laden pall drooped Lathe sea within three miles of theyclcht, so that the horizon neemedwithin cannon shote--merging andminglingof statiouary hado8vawhoseu stirlessness was rendoered the more portentous by the'sulky peas, soup clofured ivelter of. the ocean washing into the shrouded distance and vanishing there. .All hands were on the alert. WVhat was to comei Finn told me, he could not tell, but he was ready for it. Iis manintopmast wrns strncl-, that is, sent down on deck; he had also sent down tihe eopallantyard. Every stitch of canvas was furled, saving the close reefed gaff iforesail and thie reefed stay foresail. Extra lauhings secured everything that was movable. Much to mny s~atisfaction, e observed that hIe had struck thie long gun forward down below. There was not a breath of wind as yet, and teheyaeht looked mostforlorn and naked, as thouglh, indeed, she were fresh from a furious tussle as she rolled, burying her sides upon the southerly swell thatwos grsowing 'heavier and heavier hlour by hour. \Ve were at breakfast when thie first of the wind took us. It ctame along mioan 'hj' a fiat with a small dying away, and then a longer wail as it poured hot as the breath of a furnace blast between our nmasts. This was followed. by sonm five minutes of breathless calm, during which the yacht fell off into the trouglih aaii; then, having my eye upon a cabin windaow, I bawled out, "There it comes! " seeing the flying white line of it like a cloud of desert sand sweepling tlhrough the ervenhlig dusk, and before the words were well out of my mouth the yacht was doen to it, bowed to her bulwark rail, every iblessed article on the breakfast-table fetching away with a hideous crash upon the deck, with the figures of the two stewards reel ing to leeward, myself gripping the table, Wilfrid depending wholly for support upon his fixed clhair, and Miss Jennings buoying herself off to windward upon her outstretched arms with her face white with consternation. The uproar is not to be described. The voice of the gale bellowing through the gloom was a continuous note of thunder, and trembled upon the ear for all the world as though it was the cannonading of some fierce electric storm. The boil ing and hissing of the seas made one think of a sky full of water falling into tie ocean. The yacht at the first going off was beaten down on to her broadside, and lay motionless, the froth washing over the rail; and the horror of that pos ture of seemingly drowning prostration, together with the fears it put into one, was prodigiously incr:ased by the heavy blows of seas smiting the round of the hull to windward and bursting over her in vast bodies of snow. But she was a noble sea boat, and was soon gallantly breasting the surge, but with a dance that rapidly grew wilder and wilder as the tempestuous music on high rang out mtua1s fleirely yet, until it became absolutely impossible to use one's legs. The sea rose as if by magic, and the slide of the hull down the liquid heights, which came roarihg at her from a very smother of scud and vapour and flying spray, gvre lir such a heel that every recovery of lier for the next buoyant upwards flight was a miracle of resurrection in its way. The hatches were battened down, tarpaulins over the skylight, and as for some tdie the stesards were unable to light the lamp we remained seated in the cabin in a gloom so deep that we could scarcely discern one another's faces. Off the cabindeckrose a miserable jongling and clatterof broken crockery and glass and the like, rolling to mid fro with the violent movements of the yacht. For a long whlile the stewards were rendered helpless. They swung by stanchions or held on grimly to seats, and it was indeed as much as their lives were worth to lot go; for there were moments when tilhe docks sloped like the steep roof of a house, promising a headlong fall to any one who relaxed his grip of a sort to break his neck or beat ids brains out. At regular intervals the cabin portholes would turn blind to a thunderous rush of green soea, and those were moments, 1 vow, to drive a man on to his knees with full conviction that he would be giving up tie ghost in a very little while ; fur to these darkening, glimmering, green delugings the cabin interior turned a dead black as though it were midniglht ; down lay the yacht to the mighty sweeping curl of water; a shock as of the discharge of heavy artillery trembled with a stunning effect right through her to the blown of the tons upon tons of water which burst over the rail to the height of tilhe cross trees, falling upon the resounding deck from that elevation with a cr.sh that made one think of the fabric having struck, followed on by a diatrecting sound of seething as the deluge, flung from side to side, boiled betscea the bulwarks. We had met with a few dustings before we fell in with this tempest, but nothing to season us for suel an encounter as this. I made an effort after t o .h.ere of it to scruamble on all-fours up the cabin ladder and to put my head out through one of the companion doors. Such was the power of the wind that to the first pro trusion of my nose I felt as if my face had been cut off as by a knife and swepc overboard. The hurricane was as hot as though charged with fire; the clouds of foam blown off the sea, and whirling hoarily under the black vapour low down above our manstlhcads looked like steam boiling up off the hissing surface of the mighty ocean caullron. Icaught sight of a couple of fellows lashed to the wheel and the figure of Finn glittering in black oilskins crouching aft under the lee of the bulwarks, swinging to a rope's end round his waist; but all forwards was haze, stonerms of foam, a glimpse of the yacht's bows soaring black and streaming, then striking down madly into a very hell of white waters which leapt upwards to the smiting of the structure in marble-like columns, round, firm, brilliant, like the stem of awaterspout, but with heads which instantly vanished in a smoke of crystals before the shriek and thunder of the blast. The fragment of gaff foresail held bravely, dark with brine from peak to clew, with a furious salival draining of wet from the foot of it out of the hollow into which there was a ceaseless mad hurling of water. Heaven preserve me! Never could I have imagined such a sight as that sea presented. It might well have scared the heart of a far bolder man than ever I professed to be to witness the heilght and arching of the great liquid acclivities with their rage of boiling summits; the dusk of the atmosphere darkened yet by the flying rain of spume torn by the fingers of the storm out of the maddened waters; the ghastliness of the dissolving moun tains of whiteness glaring out into the wet and leaden shadow; the leaping of the near horizon against the thick gloom that looked to whirl like a teetotum, mingling scud and foam and hurtling billow into a sickening confusion of phartasmal shapes, a mad, chaotic blending of vanishing and reappearing forms tined by the yell and hum of the gale sounding high above the crash of the breaking surge and the shattering of wave by nwave as thougl in very trut!, it fetched an echo of itso own deafening roaring out of the dark sky rushing low over this tremendous scene of commotion. Whatever it might be thatblew, whether a straight-linod hurricane or some wing of rotating storm, it lasted for three days; not, indeed, continuing the terrible severity with which it had set in,, for we were all afterwards agreed that a few hours of the weight of tempest that had firsVt sprung upon us must have beaten tihe ysmlet down to her grave by mere blows of green seas, let alone tie addition of the incalculable pressure of tie wind. The stay-foresail in one blast that caughlt the yacht when topping a sea was Ilosn into rage, and whirled up into tie dusk-like smoke. A fragment of hlcadsail seas santc, but whilst some men were cLaow lug foncards to effect selont wva eceonory the vessel shipped a sea that carried three of them overeboard like chips of wood, leaving the fourth stranded in the scuppers en far aft es the gangcVay sritdh hl neck and both legs broken! Wowere but a small ship, and luxurious fittind countied :fdr nothing in suchl a hellisloh tumblefi cation as that. Wilfrid kept his berth nearly the whole time, haring slightly sprained l.is ankle, which topped by the motion prohibited him from extending hais legby so much 'as single stride. On the other hand Miss Lahusr would not lealos thie cabin. 1 endeavoured to persuade'her. Ito take some rest in her bunk, but to no .purpose. I did what I ould to make her comfortable, crawled like a mt to her berth, whero I found her maid hialf dead witd fright and nause, procured apillow, sUgs ond so forth, got lier over to theleoe side, sWhere the, weas not mueli risk of her :clling off tie sofa, anid smuged herb ibes beat of my ibility I sithold, lier roe stnltly, said whalt 1 could to lieep lier spirits up, procured food for her fell asleep at her side holdinsg leri te hind',ou to lier maid; and in a wor acted tdie part of a devoted loaer. But heaven bless no, rhmat a time it svcs i I sould sometimes wonuder wcelthier if the S?lart met n-it!, this g:dlo, she had seawogrthiuess enough to out- I live it. Occasionally Flln would arrive haggard, streaming, the completest figure imaginablo.ef a tempest-beaten man and report of matters above; but Iremember wishing him at the devil when he told us. of the loss of the four mef, for a more depressing piece of news could not have reached us at such a time, and Miss Laura's spirits seemed to utterly brecak down under it. It was impossible to' light the galley fire, and we had to subsist upon the re mains of past cookery and on tinned food. However, Finn told us that on the evening of the first day of the gale the cook had fallen and broken two fingers of his right hand : so that could a fire have been kindled there was no one to prepare a hot meal for us. But a little before eleven o'clock on the night of the third day the gale broke. I was sitting alongside of Miss Jenninga in thie cabin, with a plate of biscuit and hanm on my knee, off which she and I were smaking i lover's meal, I popping little pieces into her mouth as she lay pillowed close against my arm, then taking a snack myself, then applying a flask of sherry to her lips and finding the wine transformed into nectar by her kiss of the silver mouth of the flask. A steward sat crouching in the corner of the cabin; the lamp burned dimly, for there bad been some dillieulty in obtaining oil for it and the mesh was therefore kept low. Suddenly, I wit nessed a flash of yellow moonshine upon the porthole directly facing me, and with a shout of exultation I sprang to my feet, givshg no heed to the plate that, fell ih a crash upon the deck, and crying out, " Thank God, here's line weather coming at last!" I made a spring to the com panionsteps, andhauled myself up through the hatch. It was a sight I would not have missed witnessing for much. The moon at that instant had swept into a clear space of indigo- black lohaven ; her light flashed fair upon the vast desolation of swollen waters ; every foaming head of sea glanced with an ivory whiteness that by contrast with the black welter upon whlich it broke showed with somethling of the glory of crystalline snow beheld in suihlight; the clouds lid broken and Were sailing across the sky in dense dark msases; it still blew violently, but there was a deep peculiar iote in the roar of the wind aloft, which was assurance positive to a nautical ear that the strength of the gale was exhausted, just as in a humming-top the tone lowers and lowers yet as the thing slackens its revolutions. By one o'clock that morning it was so more than a iiode rate breeze with a high angry swell, of which, however, Finn made nothing; for, after escorting Miss Jennings to hIe cabin, I heard them making sail on deck; and when, having had a short chat with Wilfrid, who lay in his bunk carnestly thanking God that the weather had mended, I went on deck to htke a last look round before turning int I fouild the wind shifted to wesrt- north-we.st and the Bride warming and plunging over the strong soutlherly swellunder a whole main sail, gaff foresail and jib, with hands sheeting home the square topsail, Crimp singing out in the waist, and Finn making a sailor's supper off a ship's biscuit in one hand and a cube of sat junk hi the other by the light of the moon; (To be coutilued. ) 