IMPERIAL SHADOWS AND COLONIAL LIGHTS. ? To the Editor of the Advocate. gm —Sir Charles Lilley, Chief Justice of Oneensland, has struck the true keynote of Australian Nationalism and at the right time, In Ms letter to a friend, published in the Brisbane Telegraph, he reaches the apex ot National sentiment when he says—" What Australians desire and will maintain is their right to develop their National life as they will, unfettered by restriction from abroad or from any external authority," and referring to the jingo fad of Imperial Federation he declares " the movement is a purely selfish one in aid of British interests,"— capping bis bold declarations with " Let our motto be Independence, peacefully achieved if it may be—but Independence." Nothing so refreshing as this outspoken pronouncement has been made in the past by any public man of note; and coming as it joes from one who . is regarded in his own colony as a social and political authority, it is a striking indication that the northern colony, which was the first in the group to grapple effectually with the condescending insolence of the Home office, is determined to maintain its place in the van of Australian National independence. What a different picture does it not present to that of the other Sir Charles, who, after leaving the impress of his '48 genius on the statutes of the colony of Victoria, is now including in the epilogue of his useful political career an Imperial "phantom, with less substance behind it than Pepper's famous ghost." I submit it is well for the rising spirit of true Australian Nationalism, with its young feet surrounded by the hidden traps of plausible jingo sophistry, that it is championed by two such men as Chief Justice Higinbotham, of Victoria, and Chief Justice Lilley, of Queensland, who, although not "natives of the soil," are more fitted by their distinguished personalities to guide it out of the seductive maze of the Imperialpound than the aspiring youths of any politico-friendly organisation, with their crude, if honest, convictions. Australians, in their arguments regarding British connection, cannot, with safety, use the analogy of the past as a criterion for the future. England, thirty or forty years ago, held a different position in the scale of nations to that which is her portion now. One of the greatest of living Englishmen, Cardinal Manning, points out the causes of the national and commercial decadence of Great Britain, which is apparent to everyone except^to that smell remnant of invincible John Bulls, who, happily, do not represent British democracy, and of whom Australia appears to have its share. At the birth of constitutional liberty in this country England was paramount in the councils of Europe—a bulwark of protection to her colonial dependencies. No triple alliances, no Russo- French intrigues, no German and French encroachments in the Southern seas. The advance of the Russian on India was then a remote, if troublesome, problem. Now it is the bete noir of the Foreign office, and, as Sir Charles Lilley apprehends, is unpleasantly associated with the Imperial plan of campaign, to which Australia is lovingly invited, in order to consummate the " union of the English speaking races," for which it is impudently asserted that the American nation is also most desirous. If, in the case of transplanted Britons, that beautiful sentiment which should abide in every man's heart—love of fatherland—must be hedged around with the implacable decrecs of legislation, then it were better for the bright future of a young country's aspirations that these home-sick loyalists should return to the land of their fathers, and leave the rising generations to work out the destinies of. their country. Australia's history has been a compara' tively peaceful one. The horrors of inter national war have not invaded its territory to leave an impression for good or evil upon its people. Has not this fact something to do with that smug contentment which appears to animate a portion of the people in their connection with the mother country; and would not the reverse side of the picture (had it pleased Providence and England's enemies so to have willed it) have had a very material effect on British connection in these seas ? Would Australians for the sake of, at least, a vicious fad, have exposed a second time their country's prosperity to the rapacity of any foreign power .which thought fit to go to war with England over English, not Australian affairs? I "Unk not. And in view of current European complications, it is impossible for the history of the past thirty years, as regards British —and consequently Australian—tranquillity to repeat itself for even the next five years. I have often thought,, in connection with the seeming indifference; shown by some people for the horrors of war, that if the scribes who shrieked for Australian martial supremacy In the late Soudan fiasco wet* only put a ferw miles to the rear of the advanced guard, the£r opinions -on the glories of the unequal conjioat with half-armed savages would have been considerably toned down, and. they would • then have appreciated,, with Cardinal awhelieu, the true value of the saying i the pen is mightier than the sword," much safer besides. Of course, there is [a section of people who believe that Englan JrS America, can "liok creation,", andih Nwer its protecting wing -we have nothing fear. These are the John Bulls referred to who, by shutting their eyes on the present, live in a fool's paradies on the past. No nation in Europe has fought so much or so successfully as the French; yet the departed glories of martial France, while they may act as an incentive, cannot be regarded as security against a triple alliance. But with thinking men, who look at facts as they are, is the Imperial Federation or connection game worth the Australian candle ? Should this country wait to fearfully experiment with the hazardous fortunes of war, and from out the ruck of complications build up future security ? To some people there may appear to be selfishness in the desire for Australian independence, but there is, at least, comparative safety. Great Britain, in the agitation for constitutional government and the cessation of transportation, did not display that unbounded magnanimity which Imperialists now expect from Australia. The fortunes of Australia were neither predicted nor assured by the Home Government in its early history. They are, instead, the natural outcome of the labours of the sturdy pioneers and their children under adverse conditions, not lightened by Imperial rule in the days of Crown Government. The great stock argument used by Imperialists for the maintainence of the British connection is, that Australia standing alone would fall a prey to the greed of the mercenary powers of Europe. This at best is but a practical admission of the danger we stand in under any circumstance, and is, moreover, based on the simple question of expediency. When, however, we have the experience of the past to guide us, as in the case of the seccession of the American colonies, it can be boldly presumed that, following out a Monroe doctrine of non-interference an Australian—as contradistinguished from an Australasian—Power, would not be attacked in the face of all international law by any foreign Power for the mere cause of Moreover, the National spirit would rise, as in the case of America, to the greatness of the occasion, which it never will do while a spirit of reliance upon British aid in times of danger is cultivated by interested and selfish adherents to Imperial guardianship. The spirit of a nation can never rest in an Imperial figurehead thirteen thousand miles away, no matter how admirable the symbol of authority may appear. It must, instead, walk abroad among its kindred people in the land of a nation's birth. Men who are dazzled in Australia by the Imperial glamour of Europe, are not the stuff upon which a young country need rely in times of National danger. Hearths and homes to them must ever remain subsidiary to the baseless fabric of an Imperial vision, which appeals more to their vanity than to their hearts. On the occasion of the visit of the Australian Native Delegation to Sydney, some two years ago, I remember hearing that great native gun, Mr. Purves, ably seconded by his henchman, Mr. Field-Barrett, openly declaring that Australia intended ruling the whole archipelago of the south seas, after having driven Germany from New Guinea and_ Samoa, and France from New Caledonia and the Hebrides. His ambition didn't reach quite as far as Madagascar on the one hand and the Pacific slope on the other, but, if allowed to run riot, no doubt it would. _ Now, it is to be hoped that bombast and its admirers will never play an important part in the history of a federated Australian continent, which must be considered the short preliminary to Australian independence, The peace of Independent Australia will best be assured by a firm adherence to the policy of non-intervention outside defined and moderate limits. It is not because the British race has proved itself the superior colonising race that all the unoccupied land in the Southern Hemisphere (consisting now for the most part of pestilent swamps and barren rock) should be made the stalkinghorse on which to flaunt the flag of British supremacy in the face of friendly nations represented around the Southern seas. Little need be said to rebut the assertion that "the crimson thread of kinship" ^ is responsible for the commercial progress of! Australia with Great Britain. Sentiment may triumph over many things, but not over a rigid Custom House barrier, unless, indeed, Australian statesmen are prepared to make special enactments regarding trade with the mother country. The commerce of England with her colonies is regulated not by sentiment, but by -a most prosaic interest, and vice versa. The vindication of Australian Nationality does not rest in the preliminary conference now sitting in Melbourne. Whether or not its deliberations may help to produce an early settlement of vexatious details, the fiat has silently gone forth from the conscience of the great mass of Australians. That their country is now comparatively prosperous is to them no argument for a statu, quo policy of meek submission to that order of things which it requires no pessimist to' see will, in the near future, be subject tcr radical changes. To be prepared for those changes by a solid confederation of Australian states is to half overcome them in anticipation. From a personal knowledge of New South Wales, as of Queensland, and the influence which a certain vigorous Journal has had on native feeling there, lean 1 quite understand that the vast ' majority are in favour of Australian- independence. Vic- <toria, although the -spear-head- of Australia, in colonial legislation, has a larger element of contented hangers-on to the skirts of the motheT country to deal with in the final settlement of this question. This state of things ean be explained when we see -the. large proportion of North Britons ! taking •active part in the public raid social life of the colony. I cannot call the Allies-Service crowd Scotchmen, for then I would lose my admiration for that sturdy spirit of independence now in the ascendant in Scotland, and upon which the cause of Ireland so much depends. South Australia, perhaps, through its adversity, is in a state of political enervation, and, from the tone of its delegates, shows more indifference than opposition. Tasmania, by its isolated position, is simply a child of circumstances like West Australia. Queensland, to my mind the birthplace of independent action, is head and shoulders over her sister colonies in asserting the dignity of free government. Its principal representative is the Hon. John Maccrossan, a white man, a man of the people, and an Irishman. Let us hope that the. colony, in which the first colonial branch of the Irish Land League was started, and whose constitutional life has been associated with public men having the courage of their conviotions, may rise to the greatness of the occasion ; and, in answering to the pregnant knell sounded opportunely by one of its ablest men, let it march on with an Excelsior stride, bearing on its bold front the motto, " Independence, peacefully achieved if it may be—but Independence.'"— Yours, etc., P. J. R. 