THE TSAMP'S BETUBN. Back from the highway tie T?nfl-wi« wave Their stately leaves in the deepening light. Behind them rises a moss-grown zoo'f, Like a lone grey ghost in the misty night. No home-light gleams through the broken pane; No house-dog watches the open door ; No voices warble a sweet refrain ; No patter of footsteps across tie floor. Lone and deserted tie old house stands, In shadowy grief by the linden trees. The night-birds flit through the silent rooms, Where softly enters the evening breeze. But where are the voices whose joyous sound Made merry each rafter and window pane? Where are the dear ones who watched with love The steps that pattered a sweet refrain? One l-y one they -were satnersd in -?'? :': ? 'To Uiefold ofthe tender Shepherd's care ; ? Who keeps from danger and free from sin All who are gathered and waiting there. Uht3 of the number who there did dwell, With careless laughter, merry and free ; But three were left in the cottage grey 'Neath tbe moss-grown roof and the linden, tree. Father and mother and youngest born Alone were left 'neath the old roof -tree ; ' Alone they wept o'er the pulseless forms ; For the faces they never again could see. But buoyant youth, with his hopeful heart, Looked forth to the future with longing eyes; And father and mother, and home and friends Were left for the beauty of fairer skies. ***** Out on the highway a ragged form Comes feebly along by the broken gate. Who are his friends and where is his home ? Where is he going to-night so late ? Only a tramp / to be shunned of men ; Homeless and friendless: hungry and poor; Why does he pause in the misty light, And sadly look to ward the cottage door ? Only a tramp! to be scoffed at and jeered, And driven with loathing from door to door, Moneyless, homeless, friendless, and lone ; Homesick and weary, heartbroken and poor. Only a tramp ! with a groan of despair. He tremblingly opens the broken gate ; And feels through the awful stillness there That he has returned, alas ! too late ! No loving voice welcomes the tramp's return As feebly he totters towards the door. Fatherless, motherless, homeless and lone ; Tired and discouraged; friendlessandpoor. No one to pity him ; none to forgive ; No one to succour him : none to caress ; No one to care for him : sick and alone ; God pity the tramp in his homelessness. — Hx£bx Babton Denbxobe, in Eural World. 