A NIGHT IN A HAUNTED HOUSE. OpposrTrn the residence of my friends the Gibsons stoid a small frame dwellin, which was the terror of Beanville, for it was said to be haunted. A murder had been committed ten years before, ard since then the poorest labourer in the county would not take the pilace for a present. Beggars had tried to live there, and failed to secure sufficient rest to live upon. Trampe had been known to climb in at the windows, bet they climed out of them before daylight. iot a dog would stay there. it was a genuine haunted house. And so,being down at my friends' for a visit, I resolved to investigate the matter, and declared that I would sleep there, at least one night-more, if necessary. " Well, Frank, yoi'll hbe sorry if you do, 1 assure you," said Dir. liher. "The house i haunted," said Mrs. Gib son. "oYes, sir-haunted," declared the friend of the family, who was smoking his cigar on the porch. "Sure and I saw the ghnst myself, sir," said little Biddy, nursing the baby on tIhe lower ainp. "Thn I'm gsing to sleep there to-night," I deelared. 1 have always wanted to see a ghost." S s k to mydetermination. I went to the little, empty house that night, and 1 carried thither a mattress, a blanket or so, and a revolver. It was a warm night in summer, and the little place was dry enough. I refused all company. tlhosta never appear to lare purties," I said. "if t need help I wil lire my re volver out of the window.. You'll hearo that" And so,half scolding, half laughing, they let me have my way. At eleven o'lock I retid to my couch with abook and a kerosene lamp, and by midniglht I had read myself to sleep. What awakened me I do not know, but I suddenly set up in bed with a sense of agrlt discomfort upon me. The lamp wan burning, my book lay where I had dropped it, but eI had a flig that something weas in the rom. "A trick is about to be played upon me," I thought, aondI started to my feet f course I rad mot undressed, end holding my revolver in my hand, looked about me. I saaw nuthing, ut I heard a queer sound. It was os though people were snapping their fingers all about me. I could assocate the sound with nothing else. It wan noting a crackling r a ticking, it wan a positive snapping sound. let some insect might iara made it. That should net dIscompose me. At last the sound ceased suddenly as it bue, and soother took its place-a po t teein as of hare feet walking about. They went in end out of the door, upstairs and down. I cosld have swore tsLt such feet were pttering all about me ihad I been blind; but the moon shone balgeltly, end. went from reom to room with my lamp, and saw nothing. Returning to my room I lay dawn again, and now a low beating began. It wan an though a stick hlud been struck upon the floor at intervals of two minutes. And suddenly a curious tiling Ihappenedl. All thl bedclothes were sdrewn entirely off of me and lhrown into the career of the room. Nfow for the first time I began to feel tervous. I spurn" to my feet and rushed into tIhe entry, tlinking that some one must be coseerled without the door, with some eonrivance for twitchisg away lth blankels; lut the house was empty. I went downstairs. I peeped into closets, I explored the cellaro and 1 returned to my oom. That wos nn longerempty. Upon my bestlay a man. iwla a rugl-looki fello disi d*raacn SPnahc* and dreemed in tageu iaa. 1bs fedt rire bate By ids side ha thick stick. His eje were open and as~ne&5fllIpo sims I looked at litm a inomene dnd thetbrmist into a laugh as I levelled the revelver at his Ihead. "So you ire thie glhos,""I nid. "Come von shall hove the hed for the rest of the ighlt and a breakfast in the morning if you wall tell me vvhatyoar game is." The rulan, seeing that I "had the drop on him," esed up that he was one of a geof thieves who used the "haunted i eaadng-pine . They frightened everybody away from it by their gbost play, and it served their purposes well. I kept my premise to the vagabond as to his lodging sad breakfast, and then told my friends, the Gibsoas, of my discovery. They told tile authorities, and from tlhat time thelittl feamehousewas not hnanted. 