There is very high authority for the admonition that whoso enters upon an undertaking should hist of all count the cost In the matter of the gieafc labor struggle the cost is only now being roughly estimated It must not be taken for granted that a know - ledge of the cost befme hand would have deteired the respective parties from going on with the fight when once they had got warmed to it, but it is none the less certain that if a balance sheet such as is now procurable, could have been laid before the combatants before the war began, the leaders on each side, unless bereft of the most ordinary common sense, must have strained every nerve to aveit the struggle It has been computed that, up £b the pieseut Australia is the poorer foi the strike by nearly £1,300,000 Of this vast sum, which is as much lost as if it had been realised in cash and then flung into the sea, some £910,000 is debited to wage woikers, £305,000 to employers and traders, and about £BO,OOO to the State. This last sum, although given separately, should be divided among the contributors to the revenue, and the largest part of it debited to the wage workers. The figures are large enough and ugly enough, but it must not be supposed that they repie sent all or nearly all the actual cost of the strike. Veiy setious extia losses which occurred to sellers and buyeis throughout the lamifications of retail trade cannot be assessed, although their aggregate must be enormous The check to commercial enterpnse, and the diversion from Australia of commerce which formerly belonged here cannot be set down in figures, but here again the loss has been and will be very serious Depieciation of national ciedit is another weighty item which cannot be exactly stated in pounds, shillings, and pence, but which will be indirectly felt for perhaps the whole of the next decade It is idle to attempt to arrive at the gross total, but we may safely double the ascer tainable figures, and still be below the ■amount. Theie are other losses still more difficult of exact assessment, but nevertheless just as real. The dissension between employers and employed is not healed. As the wage workers resume their occupations there will be an element of distrust and sus picion on both sides, which will make cordial co operation almost impossible, the adjustment of casual differences more difficult, and the preservation of peaceful relations extremely piecanous Our industrial machmeiy, in a word, will assuredly develop a dangerous amount of friction in its working, and undue faction here, as elsewhere, means waste of motive power, needless wear and tear, and, sooner or later, a complete break down. It is no use to cry over spilt milk, for the loss, be it greater or less, and let it fall where it may, will have to be borne. It vveie easy to show, however, that the great bulk of the debit which is clmged to capital will eventually tie iccouped in some form. Employers vv ho can, as has been enter into a gigantic combination for one particular purpose, can easily apply the enormous power so gained in another dnection, and will be strongly tempted to iccover theii losses by enhanced charges for commodities, whether in the form of sea transit or warehouse rates. But, leaving this vnew for the present, the immediate business would seem to be to minimise the aggregate loss as much as possible, putting against it the highest obtain able pei contra, and this is undoubtedly to be found in some effective provisions for pi eventing the recurrence of disastrous strikes, or strictly localis ing such as may occu ( i. We are far too apt to speak as if a great labor stiike concerned only the immediate parties to it A large amount o£ inconvenience and loss is entailed upon the general public, w Inch stands neutral, but this is too com monly accepted as unavoidable, like losses by fire or stoim It is probable that the long suffering public will here after claim a voice in a matter which concerns it so neatly. Both employers and wage workers have very important responsibilities to the public as well as to themselves and to each other, and it were well if the discharge of these were peremptorily insisted on The late widespread ! dislocation of trade has, at least, taught the geneial public that such ruthless interference with the commercial and social con cerns of non-combatants is not only unnecessary but absolutely unpardon able la all this no opinion is expressed oi implied as to the abstiact right or wrong of the quin el. The public inclines to the belief that as to the immediate struggle both sides were to blame. But it is wholly against the tiaditions of warfaie foi two contend ing factions to enter upon and desolate neutral territoiy. The per contia to be gained by the strike, and the great lesson it teaches is that no time should be lost in foimulating a scheme foi a tubunal, conciliatory or of arbitration, to deal finally with laboi disputes The public expects this, and will hav e scant sympathy with either party showing a disinclination to negotiate the necessary arrangements As we have frequently said, in any combat over industiial questions the sympathy of the general public will ensure vic toiy to wlnchevei side it leans In the late stiuggle it stood neutial, or, if anything, foi the fiist few weeks inclined to the employers, because of the arbitrary' and generally' aggressive tone of the leadeis of the stiike com mittee Later, the absolute refusal of the employers to confer w ith the other side, turned the tide of sympathy with the employes. Before anothei struggle arises, it is necessaiy that the parties to the stiike, as well as the geneial puuhc, should bend then whole energies to the organisation of a com petent and authoritative conciliation or aibitration board. Me Monro is expected to state to the House this afternoon the names of his colleagues m the new Cabinet, and there is little doubt that the list, when officially given, will be in substantial, if not complete, agreement with that which we give elsewhere The work of Cabinet making is never very easy', and Mi Monro has, we imagine, found it specially difficult, owing to the variety of intei ests which he found it expedient to con ciliate, and the number of rival can didates from whom he had to make his selection His trouble was, in fact, not in want of material, but in a supeiabundance of it We are not in the secret of the rule oi principle which guided Mi Monro in the selec tion of lus colleagues, and it fol’ows as a matter of course, in all these cases that the views taken by the selected w ill hardly be on all fours with those of the House or of thecountiy at large It is already apparent that, according to the general estimation, some two oi three available names have been passed over, inclusion of which would have added to the new Cabinet an element of stability which is at present want mg. It is as well to admit the general impression that the Monro Gov eminent, in its present fomi, must be regaided as a sort of stop gap, and it rests almost vvho'ly with the leading menibeis of it whether it will assume a moie stable foi in Mr Monro is supposed to have intended to form what is called a “ liberal ” Ministry, as understood by old Yic touan party political programmes But these old parties are now icpie sented by only the ghosts of then former selves, and to day it is difficult to specify the points of diffeience be tween Liberals and Consei vatives, as these teims were understood 10 years since. And Mr Monro might stand excused if he held all his new colleagues to be “ liberal” politicians, and claimed to have fulfilled the wishes of the majority who helped him into power. Any free handed criticism of the personality of the new Ministry would at present be piematuie They succeed a Cibinet the leading memj bers of which were men of rare ad imnisti ative ability The best of the new Ministers aie, no doubt, better than the weakest members of the old team, but are not in any respect equal to the leadeis of it The new coalition does not differ, in other icspect-, very materially from the old, except that its members have been selected by Mi Mcnro instead of by two politi cal leaders The most distinctive feature appears to be the exclusion of the whole of what is known as the old liberal party, the members of which w orked so strenuously and per sistently for the defeat of the Gillies- Dexkin Government, and the inclu sion of new names, nearly all of which are selected fiom the deserters, at the last moment, of the previous Govern ment. Mr Mdnbo may have acted with the most excellent intentions in all this, but he is too sbiewd a poli tician not to recognise that it means disaffection in his tanks of a sort which might, on slight occasion, de velop into open revolt The feeling thus originated will be one of Mi Monro’s rocks ahead, and another will be the presence of an unusually able and united Opposition, the names of the leaders of which will carry very great weight with the people of the colony. Still if Mr Monro proposes to cany thiough the Metropolitan Board of Works, the Fire Brigades, the Criminal Law Amendment, and some other bills, he should be loyally and generously helped into recess and so given time to mature Ins policy. The fite of his cabinet will come rather from deeds than words, and if he pro poses really thorough railway and financial reform lie may, out of a com paratively small beginning, achieve great results The news of Caibine’s victory in the Melbourne Cup rate was received uitb pleasnic by a nu nber in B illarat, though without a doubt the tej nctng would have been greater hid one of the Dowling Forest or Burrumbeet representatives received the judge’s verdict. Nevertheless Carbine was extensively backed. Theexitemeut here was intense, and crowds gathered lound the boards in front of The. Slai office to ascertain the result, the announcement of which was reonved with cheers. The Hon. D, Wallace’s winnings are, we hear, sup posed to be £30,000, exclusive of the stakes A leport of the meeting appears elsew here in The Star. In connection with their general instruc tions ns regards the suppressifin of betting, the police ou Monday night arrested a young man named George Gregory, who described himself as a railway employee, on a charge of being in a common gaming house, and of refusing to give his name when asked by the police. Senior Constable O Grady and Con stable Cuthbert were the arresting officers. Gregory was admitted to bail, and on being charged at the City Police Court yesterday morning, was remanded for a week Mr M Stapleton was entertained at a complimintary social in the Mechanics’lnsti tute, Sebastopol, last night The meeting was well attended, and proved of a most cm dial character Mr Stapleton levies for Tasmania next Thursday, to morrow. A leport appears in another column. The express tram from Melbourne last evening was considerably delayed, and arrived in Ballarat fully an houi behind i i up. The remains of Mr John M’Grath, licensed victualler, of Dunnstown, who died on Monday morning, were interred in the Ballarat New Cemetery yesterday afternoon The funeral was a vety large one, the pro cession, consisting of public and private vehicles and horsemen, being fully a mile in length Messrs T Maher, M. Gleeson, C. Butt, D Quinn, M. Hayes, and Davie«, acted as coffin bearers, and Messrs Murphy, M.L A., J Whelan, J Brophy, P. J. SUttery, G. Duncan, J. Hiyden, W M’Keuna, and JS Donovan as pallbearers ihe Rev Father Keating officiated at the giave, ind Mr S Wellington conducted the funer vl arrangements The weather yeoteidiy was warm and reasonable. At one time there was a ihieatening of v thunderstorm, but it pissed off without even “ sun drops.” We are pleased to learn that Piofessor Mica Smith, of the School of Mines, who has foi some tune pist been suffering from a serious illness, h is nearly recovered fi om lus ailment Professor Smith was liberated from Ins duties for a tune, aim has enjoyed a well earned holiday in New Z-alaad Messrs M’Nuught and Stalker, J.’sP, presided at the City Police Couit yesterday morning, and sentenced a man named Emil Levolsen to a fortnight’s unpi isonment for stealing a coat, the property of Ihomas Johnson Two chaiges against a young man named George Gregory, of being in a com mon giming house and nfuslng to give lus name when a*ked by the police, was re manded for a week Several topers were also dealt with. Ihe fish now being caught at Lake Wen douree are of small size, and an opinion prevails that it would be well if the close season were in future extended to the Ist December. At the Town Police Court yesterday, several persons were dealt with on charges of being drunk and disorderly. The many friends of the Rev W. E Second), Bible Christian minister, will be phased to hear that he is expected back from New Zealand and Tasmania on Friday next, and will occupy the pulpit at the Armstrong street church on Sunday morning, officiating in the Skipton street church on Sunday evening. The new Tonic Sol fv Society gave its first concert and an exhibiting of its style of work on Monday night, m the South street hall. About 45 ladies and gentlemen, who have been under Mr D. J Montague’s tuition for the past five months, sang eight or nine choral pieces, and also several test pieces which they had never seen before, both in the tonic sol fa notation and the staff, which were all correctly sung, much to the astonishment of several old singers present. During the even mg the president, Mr C. Morn*, JP, piesented the elemental y certificates to 25 members who had passed during the term Duung the evening Miss Schmidt sang “ Marguerite;” Mr A C Davey, “The four jolly souths; ’ Mr Stephens, “ Down in the mighty deep" (as an encore piece, “C*p tum Dvndo ”) Mr T White sang “ The Romany lass,” but owing to the lateness of the hour could uot comply with the demand for an encore. Miss A Herbert makes an excellent accompanist for the society The system found main f lends amongit those piesent, and it is liken , when better known, to become very popular Ihe two youths, Thomas Johnstone and \\\ illiam Gow ty, who have been arrested on a charge of assault on two little girls at L-igh Road, hav e been remanded till Tues diy, 11th November. The Golden Point Wesleyan Sunday School anniversary was further celebnted last evening by the holding of a tevand public meeting About 120 persons sat down to the tables which were supplied by Mr Buchanan, of the Mam road Mr R M‘Gregor presided at the public meeting, vv Inch was very largely attended In open mg the proceedings the chairman deplored the spirit of gambling and b'ttiug which was display ed at race meetings in this colony, c ■ndemning the action of those persons who asssisted the unholy work by taking part in the proceedings of the racecourse. Mr M'Gregorsaid he would do Ins utmost to kill the spirit of gambling which was rife m the country, and he would be willing to join in the formation of an anti gambling society The remarks of the chairman were loudly ipplauded. Addresses on Sunday school wink were delivered by the Rev MrCuth bert, Messrs Etchells, Blyth, and R DunJ stm The secretary’s report showed that there were 24 teachers in the Sunday school ( me females and 15 mule*], and that the scholars numbered 231 (136 girls and 95 boys) These figures show an increase of 20 pupils for the year The average attendance was—Gills, SI; boys, 62 The Sunday school library consists of 600 volumes. During the evening the choir, under the leadership of Mr A Stevens, sang a number of choice hymns, Miss Giver presiding at the organ. The tables at the tea were under the presidency of the following ladie-: — Mesdames Smyth and Hughes, Misses Dillon (2), Unnstan (3), Sansom, Hammer, Treth avvay, M Hughes, Evans, Giver, and Ben nett*. Votes of thanks concluded the pro ceedmgs. The Rev. S. Bracewell, of Melbourne, gave an excellent address in the Primitive Methodist Church, Eureka street, ou Mou day night, and last night addressed a good congregation in the Humffray street church The Rev*. W Hunt and D. Brown, ministers of the circuit, rendered assistance. The objects and claims of the centennial fund were presented in a clear and forcible manner by the deputation, and a ready response was made to the extent of nearly £3O It was stated that a member of the church in Melbourne had promised £5OO The Bumnyong Wesleyan Sunday school anniversary (writes our correspondent] took pi ice on Sunday last, when three sermons were preached. There was a g md attendance all the day, and the singing of the children and the choir was very good On Monday a tea and public meeting was held There was a very good attendance. At the public meeting Mr F J. Duuel presided. The spevkers were Mr Buley, Revs, Messrs Cowperthwaite, Oiborne, and Cunningham The secretary, Mr Warren Speake, reported on the attendance of the school, and gave the financial statement Votes of thanks weie tendered to the Indies of the tea tables and toe singers The doxology and benediction terminated the proceedings. A telegram fiom Sandhurst yesterday says:—“ What appears to be a very singular case of disappearance was reported to the p dice this morning A girl named Julia Kelly, aged 12 years, left her parents’ home in Sydney, on 27th October, by rail on a visit to her uncle, Patrick Meade, of Sandhurst. She has not yet arrived here, and Meade has received a telegram from her parents enquiring about her, as she has not been heard from There is no cine whatever as to what has become of the child ” A number of young gentlemen of the city and town who have a taste for instrumental music have formed themselves into an or ganisation known as the “Curlew Or chestra,” for the purpose of promoting tl e study of instrumental music and the enter tainment of the inmates of the charitable institutions, and generally assisting by con certs in aid of worthy objects. The or chestra st present coi sists of Messrs W A. A. Lornncr, conductor; Mr E Sage, pianist; and Messrs W. Phillips, M. Skoglund, P. M'Nvmnra, A Angwm. first violins; R. D Hammond, F J Williams, and R Ewart, second violins; viola, Mr J. Dataon; flutes, Messrs.! Ewart and A Hunter; clarionet, MrC J Mills; cornet, MrJ Hicks; eupho mum, A. Prout; cello, MrTregonmng; basso, H. Llewellyn, double bass, H Richards; drums, Mr W Middleton. Several concerts have already been given by the talented com bimvtion at the Ballarat Benevolent Asylum, the Reformatory, &c; The committee have incurred several items of expenditure m purchase of music and conveying the in strumentalists to the various concerts, and with v view of raising funds a concert has been arranged for Friday evening, in the Bumnyong Temperance Hall. The proceeds are to be divided between the orchestra and the Bumnyong Brass Band Misses L. Thomas and K. Doepel and Messrs E Sage and W. Wilson have promised to assist the company by rendering vocal items The elocution is to be supplied by MrJ Mvgrath The arrangements for Bdlarat are in the hands of the energetic hon secretary, Mr A. Hunter, jun , and the Bumnyong seore tary.Mrß. T Pearce, has arranged for a late train from Bnuinyoug at 10.30 p.m The appearance hers to morrow night of Dm Barry’s popular dramatic organisation, has no doubt aroused considerable interest amongst playgoers The production will be the sensational drama “ The Parson’s Oath ” This play is now one of the reigning dramatic successes in England, and is spoken of by newspapers at home as one of the must striking dramas of the day. The piece it is promised mil be mounted with novel and startling scenic effects, and several stage pigeants of an elaborate nature will be introduced Some of the incidents dep'oted in “ The Parson’s Ovth,” are of an extremely sensational character, while there are some episodes so amusing ns to call forth hearty mciriment In the last act of the piny there is a very effective scene showing the British army encamped at night in the Crimea, with the tents of the enemy in the distmce, and in this scene several of the latest songs and dances will be introduced by specialty artists The company comprises mostly faces new to B illarat, but there are some wellknown favorites also in the cast, among them being, as well ns Mr Dm Barry himself, the always popular comedian MrJ P O’Neill. “The Parson’s Oith” will be played Thursday and Fndiy, and there will be a change of bill each succeeding night. Farmeis in the district will be glad to know (says the Turns) that Mr A Hocking’s Horsham Foundry started in full work last Saturday. As regards the difficulty between Messrs May and Millar and their nieu, only one point now remains at issue. An enquiry was held by MrTait, JP, at the Highbury Barn hotel, Collingwood, on Monday, touching the death of an infant named Muriel Stowe The evidence went to show that the mother of the infant, was washing the child on the previous day'. Whilst doing so she was seized with an epileptic fit, and the child fell from her lip into the wash basin, and was drowned Dr Lawrence stated that he had been attending the mother, who was subject to fits, for the past 12 months A verdict of accidentally drowned was retuined Mr Gillies (says the Tdegtaph ) has re] ceived a cab’egram intimiting that the Associated Banks have decided to advance to the Victorian Government any portion of the £B5O 000 of the 6 pei cent loan re deemable in January not converted into 3J per cent stock. The money will be ad vaiced in London, and will not, therefore, be taken out of circulation in Melbourne. Bankers here are firmly of opinion that early next year the Government will be able to float a 31 per cent loan, when the present advance will be covered. Two children, aged four and six years re spvotively, belonging to Mr W. Tarrant, of Cob len, have had a narrow e=cvpe of being poison*d" by eating piste in which arsenic had been mixed foi killing cicki oaches Dr E * mg, after strenuous efforts, brought the children mund. A Brisbane tqjegmm says .—“ A man named Purcell, working for the Bulinibv Divisional Board, was horribly injured on Monday by the premature explosion of a blast he was putting in. He received the full force of the explosion in the face, both eyes being blown out, his features com pletely shattered, and the fl“sh burned to cinders He was taken to the hospital alive, and lingered some time.” A young man named Robt. Martin, about 21 years of age, crossed the river at Swan Hill into New South Wales, at about half p<st9am on SvtunUy, with a buggy and pair of ponies. About two hours after wards he was found by a farm laborer about three miles onward, with his throat firmly pressed ngiinst the brake bar, and quite dead. Sarah Wanliss, the victim of the criminal assaplt cise m the Sandhurst district, tiled to drow ii herself m a dam near Little Iron bark on Sunday, but w is rescued by some neighbors She has since been suffering from nysten i Terrific gales have been blowing through out South Gippsland Thousands of trees have fallen, and a large amount of damage has been done to property by the distinction of fences, ami completely smothering the cleared land with dead timber A Mrs Lewis, residing on M’Dnnvlds Track, was ont githermg wood, when a sapling struck and killed her instantaneously. Numerous narrow escapes are reported A large tree fell an a stable on the second section of the Great S lutlitrn Line, The stable contained four horses and the keeper. None of the horses were hurt, but the man was slightly ii jnred The stable wis owned by a con tractor named Goldie A sawing m itch, which attracted much interest, has tiken place at Euroa for a stake of £3O a sid**, Bail ird and Guppv, of Ruffy Sawmills, undertaking to cut 6170 super feet of timber in a working day of nine hours, winch Mr G. Thompson, of Bobo Saw mills, asserted could not be done. Hie result of the match was that a sawing record was put up th it took the most ex 1 penenced men by surprise The logs were “ spotted,” ready for the saw, and at the start eight logs, averaging 4 feet 6 niches, were broken down in 13 minutes. After working six hours ind a hall it was found that the b-nehnian, \V Ballard, had cut no less than SOOO feet of timber, and the judges it once dec! ired the match over. Four thousand feet is ordin inly reckoned as a good day’s work. About 40 men employed in the implement factories at Warracknaheit went oat on strike on Monday Since the union was formed the employers have conceded all demands except rule 25, which reads— “ That the rate of overtime shall be time and a quarter after 48 hours for the first 12 hours, ami time and a half for all hours after.” Through the action of Messrs May and Millar the settlement * f the Horsham lab >r troubles was made dependent on the attitute * f the employers of Wnrracknabejvl The employers and employes met in confer ence on Monday afternoon, when the former agreed to pay overtime, a guarantee being given by the union th it no further con cessions would be asked for 12 months The men w ere expected to return to work yester day. A man named John Trednnck, 67 years of age, was on Saturday found in a water hole at Sandy Creek, in which theie was 3 feet 6 inches of'water A magisterial en qmry was held and a verdict of found drowned returned, there not being sufficient evidence to show how the deceased got into the water He was working in the district ns a sleeper cutter with Ins brother, and was possessed of a good education, being a mining surveyor by profession, and having occupied several good situations in the colony, amongst others the position of town clerk Two hundred pure bred met urn sheep have arrived at the Tilbury Docks fioni the United States m route for Australia, where they will be used for crossbreeding 