THE SCIENCE OP BREEDING. TO TBI EDITOR OF TBI AUSTRALASIAN. 8ir,—Again last week, when two wily poachers wore dividing a bosket of bream and ideaoing their net open my grave, was I awakened from my uneasy deep by bearing "Lowe ttpon the science of breed' tog." " Who is Lowe," said one, " did he ever breed a winner?" "Darned if I know," said the other, " hot he's a ram 'on to write," and then I beard the gist of bis last tw'p letters. Why did be not explain away the saturation (nice worn) of Oocoannt, who bad three- foato to King o" Scots? Wby be never even mentioned it. Bnt what rilea my old bones is to bear tbat anything good I sired was owing to tbe ex cessive exoeUemse of my old loves Marchioness, Ollderaiire, Juliet, Boee de Florence, Seagull (be meant Omen),. H ierhtiight, Ac. Well, Sir, as yon know, tbey were not bad aorta, bat to state facts Jf acobioness left three fllJiee in England, ooe by Daniel O'Eomfceaad two by Stoekweli, sad yet I fail to Had their names in any winning tnbniated pedigrees. Juliet, eweek Jnliet, did ee well with me as with 8iockwei), lor there is little to cbooee between OhryBO iyte and Sylvia w brood marce, and that good lodge, Mr. 4wl White (whom Mr. Lowe entogtoHd) it quite content to have Sylvia's son, Martini:Henry (cot es ■ante feddiets say by tbe eon of a roarer), among fab beet mares at ElrMinm ; while another kind friend of Mr. Lowe's, who helped torn to work oat tbe red sstdrblne theory, bee been actually breeding from a bone—a direct descendant on the aire's aide from Bbeet rkheboe-oat of c dangbter of mine. Eben tG Udermiie'a filly by Weet ausUaUas, tbat waelelt in Mtagtond, was interior either ee a caoebome or a brood aeare tofioor Grape*. fioardtoc-soliOQl Mim wasa moet prolific breeder, hartog:dlltoe to suob aires as Jotmbrtonr. Wjeet Australian, Orlando, Hewminster Firing Dutchman, obit Sine, of Trnmpe. .Yet, I doubt, if anyafthem prodooed anything within yards of Rose de Florence's sons—Mftrioyrntwc sod ferry man. OmM twodneed-proceuvto six different sires, butbyfarthebetowbaiadyBeKw, botb m araee bone anda brood mar*. liurbtligbt'a family if bardly known to England now, nod I tbtoktt will takeacood Beal.to make my old friend, James Wflaoo, tfciDk tfie cvartlirewahetbmwiWtMtaMyjtocam. - . IIoar a« to my petttgree -wtlafa Mr, Lowedoesnot ■fMM1 nw Sum waa.a borue.who pern Iwd^ttotebM a sboweltherM.ayaeehofaeor abet "Castor* -(an aooepted authority) wrote .to Mrs »* Snorting Mactetos* 'fsbat be was -a. very useful country noeborae, although perhaps baraly ever done quite justice ttv Ab it wu he von no lees than 17 times, inoludingthe Liverpool Cap and other good stakes." Heron was by Bastard, a son ot Otatrel (whom Mr. Love says is one ot toe most potent in fluences in the "Stud Book"). Bastard, my friends will note, was the sire Of Kite, who was Hie dam of lady Moore Oarew, and the grand-dam of Orlando, Mendicant, and Juliet. Nov Orlando von the Derby, and got Teddington, winner of the Derby, and is to be found in many celebrated pedigrees. Mendicant won the Oaks herself, threw Beadsman, winner oi the Derby, who in his turn got Bosicrocian, Blue Gown, aud Pero Gomes, Juliet, as we all know, is the most celebrated mare tbat ever came to Australia. Heron's mother was a daughter of Oreille, who got Emilias, from whom were descended Priam. Plenipotentiary, and Uuley, the latter being the sire of Marpeasa, dam of Pocahontas. My dam was by Sheet Anchor, whom Mr. Lowe says is unknown except by bis one son Weatherbit— (what about Toxophtiite's one son ?). Surely Mr. -Lowe's knowledge of pedigrees must be very limited, ' or he would have known that Sheet Anchor was also the sire of Goilingwood, one of the best Cup horses in England, and that at eleven yean of age Sheet Anchor was sold to go to Brunswick. Taffrail, the granddam ot the great French horse. Glad fate or. waa also by him, while Omen, one Of the crack mares that Mr. Lowe saye made my name, was out of a daughter of Sheet Anchor. Weatherbit was quite enough to make any horse's name. Well do I reooileet in Sir Joseph Hawley*s year what a run there was on bis stout old blood—and how well his son Kelpls kept up bis name in these oolonies—they cannot extinguish hie grandson Fireworks, for be got raoehotses from anything that waa put to him. My granddam was by Bay Hiddleton, whose history is well known, and who was the sue of Flying Dutch-1 man. Kow I maintain my blood cannot be beaten. The same gentleman who gave such a lot of money for such marcs as Juliet, Marchioness, Omen, Night light, Rose de Florence, and Giidermire, gave 3,000 guineas for me, and I think that Mr. Lowe will allow tbat if mares have improved to much in value as he says they have, my pnoe in England now would be 10,090 guineas. Will he kindly say in his next dis course why I never would have been beard ol in England, and if he thinks that Kingston (Sydney), Tradueer, Panic, Aoe of Clubs, St Albans, or Snow den would never have been heard of there V How many men on the aoore of breeding would pick be fore they were need Galopin or Hermit as fit for crack sires t None. Having done with Mr. Lowe I shall be glad to refer " Old Band " to what I have said about the mares imported with me. They have nerer done better than with me, and "Old Hand " may put this in his pipe and smoke it, that for the number of oolomal mares, or marcs outride the ones imported with me, I got as good if not a better average oi winners than any oUter sire. "Old Hand "says " that the progeny of Ooaoanut by Fisherman horaea has a tendency to show that Bobineoa Crusoe succeeded with Cocoanut in spite of his Fisherman Wood." Will he also say that the great goodness ot Musket and Fireworks overcame the Fisherman taint; and produced Norden feldt and Sardonyx out of Robinson Crusoe's sister. Give a dog a bad name and bang him; but Bib I know, that long after the fads at faddists are for gotten, and " Old Hand " has gone to bis roost, my name will be found in the pages of the "Stud Book" honourably associated with many great winners. And I am gfad to Bee ail the principal breeders are of mr wav of thinkinr. FffiHERHAirS GHOST, j 