Phyllis Fenwiok's Adventure. Redskins seemed to be all the rage with English folk a' few months back, and .the ladies especially appeared to invest these considerably tamed speci mens on view at West Brompton with a sweetly sentimental, romantic interest which I fancy. they would scarcely have been able to feel if they had ever been forced to face the red men at fearful odds in their native haunts. I was fated to undergo this agreeable experience once, in the good old days when the now almost extinct bison roamed the Wild West in vast herds; whilst the Indian and white invader were at continual enemity, the former then being about as civilised as the coyote and as friendly as the dreaded , grizzlies:' Nevertheless the white man established himself in the land, and bn the whole?~e:prospered., The time of which I am speaking was the beginning of the "gold fever," and my brothers had been so bitten with the prevalent mania that they used all their influence to persuade my father to give up the old farm in Hawkesdale and go to New California. Perhaps their arguments had more weight with my father because he was shrewd enough to see that farming was even then becoming a losing game, while the auriferous prospects held out to him appeared unusbally tempting by comparison. JEAIlOUSy I, Phyllis being only a girl, did not of course count for much in these family arrangements; yet, in a sense, because I was the only daughter, and my mother was dead, I.did count very much in my father's eyes, and he would, I. verily believe, have stayed at home sooner than leave me behind. But I was as adventurous in disposi tion as any of my brothers, and looked forward to the new life with immense interest, all the deeper perhaps because I was so utterly without experience. It was finally arranged that 'my father should take up some land in Hope Valley, El Dorado county, and there, with Charlie Ripley's assistance, start stock-farming, whilst my three brothers tried their luck at the " dig gings" in the same county. If I had been going to the most luxurious home in the finest .part of. our own favoured land, I could not possibly have been more eager or enthusiastic over our future prospects. It was enough for me that my lover was to share our for tunes; and what more could a roman tic girl whose acquaintance with real hardship had not yet begun desire ? There had been Fenwicks at Moss side and Ripleys at the Birkets for more generations than I can count; the two farms lay side by side, and Charlie and I had been little play mates and child-sweethearts ever since I can remember; whence Hawkesdale considered it a "seemly " thing, and that we were only fulfilling our'destiny, when we grew up and blossomed into real lovers who were soberly and seriously engaged. Naturally enough, since the course of true love, we know, never does run smooth, fate must put her finger into the pie, to import a spice of romance into a love affair that threatened to be so decorously dull as ours'; and this element of interest was, it seemed; destined to be supplied at the eleventh hour by the sudden illness of old Mr. Ripley. To my dismay and Charlie's grief, his father was taken ill early in February, and died before the end of the month. Now my folk had decided to start during the second week in March,and to defer our departure would have been equally useless and im= possible, since we discovered, to our chagrin, that Mr. Ripley had left all he possessed to his wife during her lifetime; and it was afterwards to be equally divided between Charlie and his sister Alice. It was out of the question that the only son, to whom the widow now looked for everything, should go away, leaving matters in so unsettled a state and his mother to the mercy of hirelings. Obviously the duty that lay nearest to his hand was to stay at home and manage the farm for his mother and sister till some permanent arrangement could be made for their benefit. It was a heavy blow for us-the heavier because it was so unexpected; but Charlie did his best to cheer me and himself by steadily refusing to relinquish the hope of coming out to join us some time within a year or so ; and at nine teen, when one is full of health and life, a year does not seem so very long to look forward to. My lover came with us as far as Liverpool, in order to be with me until the last possible minute and defer the inevitable agony of separation. " There's just' the ghost of a chance, you know, Phyllis darling, that I shan't be tied down to the old country so long as your father seems to fancy," he said, trying to speak lightly. We were. standing on deck, hand in hand, in a quiet corner quite alone, whilst the last precious moments fled away, and tears chases one another rapidly down my pale cheeks.' This farewell to my native land was by no means what I had anticipated, and the difference between my rose-coloured visions and the sad, stern reality was too terrible just then for me to make even a pretext at cheerfulness. "I don't see how you can ever come," I returned disconsolately; "there are the farm and Mrs. Ripley and Alice !" -enumerating all these terrible obstacles with a little smothered sob. "Yes, dear heart; but you must re member there is also Hugh Dalton. He I and Alice havn't settled matters yet; still they understand each other; and, if I can but get him to see his way clear, I know I may safely intrust my mother and sister to his care. Hugh likes to 'see his way,' you know, Phyllis; he's sure and steady, honest as the day I If I can work round Hugh and get on the right side of him, I'll come, my darling. But we'll say nothing to the others; this is only a tiny bit of hope for your heart and mine to feed upon when we two are parted." There were just a few more last words, and then the long- dreaded moment came. I felt my lover's arms close about me, and the very last pressure of his lips to mine; after that I think he put me into my father's arms and hurried away down the ladder. I tried to distinguish his face as he stood on. shore,: but tears bWinded me, and I obtained only.a misty _J view of a 'sea of upturned faces, with here and there a waving handkerchief, as the Osprey moved slowly out of dock and' down the Mersey. We had been settled in our new I home nearly a twelvemonth my brothers remaining with us until our new house -a strong log-cabin of which we were all very proud-was finished and habit able ; then they started "prospecting" finally taking up a claim not far from our homestead, where they had been working very steadily for some months with more or less success. At the log-house our party was a largerone than we had first anticipated, since some of our Moss-side labourers had accompanied their old master to Hope Valley in search of a fortune, and at that time extra hands were welcome enough. Our venture prospered from the beginning, and I wanted only one thing to make me happy; but that thing seemed no nearer of attainment than at first. Charlie wrote as regularly as pos sible, and his letters were always bright and encouraging. Tiresome Hugh Dalton however seemed to be a terrible time " seeing his way" to a mutual arrangement ; and I could not feel very hopeful, knowing Hugh and all the circumstances so well. At any rate, my lover was still tied to his farm at Hawkesdale, whilst I was lead ing my new life on a ranche in El' Dorado. I think I enjoyed the winter as much as any time; my father was at home a good deal, for one thing,and, for anothe . I was by this time growing used to the conditions of life, which has so very much to do with comfort anywhere. But with the lengthening days my father and the "boys"--as we called our lab ourers-werefullyoccupied, consequently .I was often alone for many hours; 'ievertheless, being a high- spirited girl, I cared very little for that, and seldom felt lonely or dull. Tramps were not particularly likely to molest us, since the rowdy elements seemed to flow naturally in the direction of the diggings, where it mustered in full force. My brothers used to say all the gaol-birds .unhanged had migrated thither, the usual basis of society in a mining community consisting of the scum and refuse of great cities. Of the Indians we had hithertol seen little, and that little had not- been of an awe-inspiring nature, despite the yarns we had heard from older settlers as we made our way to our "location" in tie previous spring. We had been visited by a few Cherokees now and again, chiefly quaws and papooses, intensely curious about us, anrd some of them the most sturdy, impudent beggars I ever saw in my life; otherwise they were rather friendly, thnugh the men of the tribe seemed inclined to give us a wide berth. In short, with me familiarity bred contempt; and I had nearly for gotten my old terror of the ferocious Red men, with thieir savage faces and war like mien, hideous as paint and other native adornments could make them. (To be Continued.) Tattersall and Charley Matthews the elder were very intimate, and the great comedian was frequently in the habit of accompanying his friend to Newmarket races, where,' on one oc casion, Matthews indulged in his well known taste for mimicry at the expense of Tattersall during a sale of blood stock conducted. by the latter. "The first lot, gentlemen," said Tattersall, "is a bay filly by Smolensko," &c.; "The first lot, gentleman," echoed Matthews, in precisely the same tone of voice, "is a bay filly by Smolensko." Tattersall looked somewhat annoyed, but proceeded, " What shall we say to begin with " " "What shall we say ti, begin with I" repeated the inevitable echo. " Still endeavouring to conceal his vexation, Tatter-all called out in quiringly, "One hundred guineas'" ' One hundred guninas ?" bawled out Matthews. "Thank you, sir," cried Tattersall, bringing down the hammer with a Lang; " the filly is yours !" Matthews was somewhat taken aback by'his sudden acquisition of "blood stock." In a restaurant. Englishman-- "Give me some roast beef, coldt." Frencih man-" Give me some cold beef, roast." American-" Give me some cold roast beeft" 