ENGLISH SPORTING NEWS. [Br Tolegraph.l London, April 25. Mr. J. E. SaviU'e horse, Ringmaster, has been freighted at 8 st. 12 lb. for the Cheshire Handicap, and 8 at. 4 lb. for the Somerset Stakes. The Hon- James White's colts, Kirk hem and NarellaD, are entered far the Hastings Plate. London, April 28. In the Standard of thia morning the opinion is freely expressed that the Australian horses—Eirkham an Narellan —whioh Mr. James White, of Sydney, has entered for the Derby, have proved themselves by their trials to be of an ordi nary character. London, April 29. The race for the Hastings Plate of AOO 80vs. at the Newmarket Spring Meeting took 'place to-day, with the fol lowing result:— Baron de Botbsohlld's oh.o. Heaume, by Hermit—Bella, 8 St. 10 lb, Mr. Abington'e b.o. Haokler, by Petraioh —Haokness, 8 st. 10 lb _ The Hon. James White's ch.o. Eirkham, by Chester—La PrinoeBse, 8 at. 3 lb. (7 lb. allowanos) 3 Eirkham was ridden by Riokaby. Twelve hones ran. Although he ran third for the Hastings Plate the Australian colt Eirkham was beaten by many lengths. The betting against him at the start was 33 to L It has been deoided that Narellan shall run for the Two Thousand Guineas instead of Eirkham. The race is to be run at Newmarket to-morrow (Wednes day). London, April 30. The Bight Hon. Henry Ohaplin's horse Hermit, by Newmlnster from Seclusion— the most celebrated stallion since Stock well's time—has died at the owner's estate, Blankney. Hermit was twenty six years old. At Newmarket to-day the Two Thousand Guineas was run, with the fol lowing result:— The Two Thousand Guineas Stakes, j A subscription of 100 aova. each half for-1 feit for three-year-oldB. Colts. 9 at.; fillies, 8 at. 9 lb. The owner of the seoond horse' to reoeive 200 eovs, oat of the stakes, and the third to save his stake. One mile end seven teen yards. Mr. A. W. Merry's b.o. Snrefoot, by Wisdom, dam by Galopin—MUa Foote 1 Baron de Botbsohild's on,o. he Nord, by Tristan—La Nooe 2 The Dnke of Westminster's br.o. Bine Green, by Cacruleus—Angelica ... ... 8 In the Two Thousand Guineas, the favourite, Barefoot, won easily. At the last moment It was decided that neither Narellan nor Kirkham should start. The betting for the Derby now Is 6 to 4 on Snrefoot London, May 1. Lady Betty, by St. Albans, from Pardon, who was sent to England at the same time as Mr. Whlto'a horses, ran fourth in the Peel Handicap at Newmarket to-day. Ringmaster has been struck out of the Great Cheshire and Somerset Handicaps. LFrom the Melbourne HcjralcL.\ ' London, April 23. To-day the Hon.- J. Whlte'a Australian Derby Oolti, Kirkham and, Karelian,; had a trial over a mile, and aognitted themselves in mo«t disappointing style, Blokabywaa up on Kirkham and Watta on Karelian, and eaoh colt carried Derby might, , They had (or a oompanion Ioelander, a poor aeoond rate animaL fie carried one atone leas than Derby-weigbt, At the end of the mile Ice-: lander beat Kirkham oomfortably by a length i and a half, while Karelian was nowhere.; Dawaon, the English trainer, who has tho: oolts in hand. Is very much disappointed in: them, fie deolares that they are both In' perfect condition, and he fears they are "duffers," He despairs of getting any where nest the ol&ssia; raoe. London, April 27. Since the trial the other day far whloh the Australian Derby oolts, Kirkham and Karelltn, had a mile gallop with a horse named Icelander, it has been discovered by other trials that Ioelander is a very greatly improved horse. Kirkham was beaten at the end of the mile by the English horse by a length and a half, bat the Australian oolt was conceding a stone in the weights, Ioelander has shown himself very consider ably better than the "poorseoona-rater" he was desoribed, as this performance by Kirk bam is regarded as mnoh above what It was thoogbt to be, and it is hoped that the oolt will prove better than was expected. The racing season of 1890 was opened at Lincoln on March 24. The weather was wet, and the goingfearfullyheavy. The rata did not prevent a huge attendance on the Carboline each day, and fields were good all round. The Trial Plate, the opening event of the year, was oontested by aix horses, and among them was the Australian Plutarch, who was ridden by D. Bowes, and oarried 10 at, 2 lb. None of the others bad more than 7 st. 10 lb.; and with the gronnd eo holding It is not much wonder that Plutarch failed to carry hie welter weight encoessfnlly. Normanby, the winner, Is by Robert the Devil, and be enabled T. Loates, the most snocetulnl jookey of 1889, to open the new season with a win. Big fields oontested the other events on the first day, but the resnlts have no interest for Australians. On Taee* day there was the Broolileuby Stakes for two year-olds, the raoe in which The Bard. Donovan, and Semolina made a euooeseful I debt\t. The Duke of Portland was repre I sented by a smart filly in Charm this year; but, although a Bon of the all-conquering : St, Simon was to the tore. Simonian I is the property of Colonel North. The ! Nitrate King was preeent, and personally baoked hie colt, who, it may be remarked, cost 4,000 guineas laet season, while Maoun cas, who was second, was bought by Mr. Abington Baird for the small sum of 150 guineas. THE BEOCKLESEV STAKES, Of 500 sovs. added to a sweepstakes of 10 bovb. each for two-year-olds. Colts, 8 st. 12 lb.; fillies and geldings, 8 st. 9 lb. Second to receive 50 eove, oat of the stakeB. Aboat five furlongs. Sixty-eight subs. Colonel North's bimonlao, by St. Simon—Ga ronne. 8 st. 12 lb. (M. Cannon) .. .. „ Mr. Abington's Macuncas, 8 st. 12 lb. (T. Can non) _ .. .. _ .. _ Duke of Portland's Charm, 8 st. 9 lb. (car. 8 at. 10 lb. (J. Watts) ........ Lord Baa tinge's Jeeaamy, 8 st. 9 lb. (T. Loates).. Also ran—Viosnza, 8 st. 9 lb. (Allsopp); Mesterhnrat, 8 at. 12 lb. (Calder); Susiana, 8 st. 9 lb. (Warne); Sister May, 8 at. 9 lb, (Pagan); Patrol, 8 at. 12 lb. (&. Barrett); Cypria, 8 Bt. 9 lb. (Rickaby); Nerissa, 8 st. 9 lb. (J. Woodburn). Betting—5 to 2 agst. Macnnoas,U to 2 agst. Patrol, 6 to 1 agst. Charm, 100 to 15 agst, Yioenza, 7 to 1 agst. Jessamy, 10 to 1 eaok agst. Simonian and Susiana, 100 to 3 agst. St, Cypria, 20 to 1 agst. Martenhnrst. The flag fell at the first attempt to a good etart, and JesBamy on the left made play from Patrol, with Maounoas, Charm, ana St. Cypria next, until rather less than a quarter of a mile from home, when Maounoas took np the ruining, and looked all over a winner until he was challenged, inside the distanoe, by Simonian, who qniokly got the best of the favourite, and won in a canter by a length; five lengths divided the eeoond and third I Jessamy was placed fourth, Vicenza fifth, Sneiana sixth, Martenhurst seventh, Patrol eighth, St. Cypria next, and Nerissa lost. Time. .1 min. 2-5 eeo. The Lincolnshire Haadloap was decided on the Wednesday, and resalted in disaster to the favourites. Danbydale, who is a wonder in private bnt a rogne In pnbllo, was again served up veryt warm. T. Loates, the fashionable joekey, had the monnt this time, bnt the oolt ran as badly as ever, and it wonld seem that Captain Maobell made no mistake in letting the half-brother to Bendlgo leave his stable after the Asoot fiasco last season. Sweetbriar also ran badly, and in the end The Rejected—a real good performer, carrying a racehorse's weight—won oomfort ably. The winner was bred in Ireland, bnt Blnee he began to ehow enoh good form in England The Rejected'a sire, King of Trnmpe, has been pnrchased and bronght aorosa the Channel. King of Tramps is by Lord Clifden from the King Tom mare. Accepted, and he is fail of Toaoh stone blood. The winner was always in the market, and although he reoeded at the olose of the betting some good stakes were landed by. his victory. The Rejected has made a record in connection with the raoe, the highest weight previously carried to victory in the raoe being 8 st, 7 lb. under Poalet was successful in 1882. Bendigo won under 8 St. 5 lb. and Tonana and Touehet eaoh carried 8 at. 4 lb. THE LINCOLNSHIRE HANPICSP. Of 1.C.OO sovs, added to a Sweepstakes of 20 save, each, 10 It. unless declared; second to receive 60 eovs. out of the stakes. One mile. Mr. J. O'Neill's The Bejected, by King of Trumps —Accepted, 0 yrs., 8 et. 11 lb. (Bickaby) — General 'J. Williams's Shimmer, 6 yrs., 7 st. 1 lb. (Bradbury _ _ Prince Soltykolfs Lord George, 1 yrs., 7 st B lb. (Blake) n . Mr. J. Jewftt'a CJatibelle, 4 yrs., 7 st. 8 lb. (O. Ghaloner) . _ Also ran — Laureate, 9 at. 2 lb. (J. Watts); Model, 8 st. I lb. (Colder); Ormuz, 8 st. (G. Barrett); Manthorpe. 7 st. 13 lb. (Fogan); Sweetbriar, 7 st. 9 lb. (Allsop); Jezreel, 7 st. 9 lb. (S. Loates); Royal Star, 7 st. 6 lb. (Woodburn); Wooland, 7 st. 5 lb. (Peake); Danbydale, 7 at. 5 lb. (T. Loates); Evergreen, 7 st. 2 lb. (Failoon)s Tommy Littlemonse, 7 st. 1 lb. (Mailer); The Ghost, 6 st. 13 lb. (J. Wall); DauntleBi, 6 st. 7 lb. (Obandley); Sabrina, 6 at. (Llndley); and Viilijust, 6 st. (Carter). Betting—< to 1 agnt Danbydale, B to 2 Sweet briar, 100to9Laureate, 12 tolBoyalStar, 100to8 Shimmer. 100 to 7 Clari belle, IB tol Dauntless, 100 to6 Nunthorpe, 18 to 1 TheEjected,£B to 100 tol otbetB. There was considerable delay at the post owing to the fraotionsnesa of Ormnz, bat after Beveral breaks away Lord Beresford dropped Ms flag to a moderately good start. Lord George, on the right oentre, was first away, with Sweetbriar in the oentre, his immediate attendant, clear of Modele, the next batob on the lower ground being Shimmer, Danbydale, Ormuz, and Nun tborpe, who, wide on the top, were just clear of The Rejected, Evergreen, Laureate, end Tommy Tittl<>monae. In this order they ran ontil renehing the Old Junction tarn, where The Rejected crowed over to the rails. Lord George still showed the way from Sweetbriar, Shimmer, and The Rejected, who were cloaely followed by Royal Star, Modele, Danbydale, Ormnz, Konthorpe, Evergreen, and Ciaribelle at the head of the others, all of a cluster. When half the jonrney had been completed Danbydale was done, and quickly dropped to the rear, which remark applies also to Laureate, Ormnz, V illejuat, Dauntless, and Woodland. Soon after Lord George was joined by Shimmer, with The Rejected on the rails, almost level with their heel*, olear of Sweet briar, Dauby dele, and Nnnthorpe, Olairbelle being in very olose atteudauoe with these. Reaohing the New Ground 8himmer oame on from Lord George, with The Rejected at their quarters, the others et this point being done with, Prior to reaohing the diatanoe The Rejeoted had joined Shimmer, with Lord George now third, olear of Ciaribelle, the quartette being well in front of their opponents. Opposite the Stands The Re jeoted challenged Shimmer, and quiokly got the beet of General Owen William's grey mare. He eventually sailed home an easy winner by a length and a half. Lord George, four lengths off, wee third, and Ciaribelle, plaoed fourth by the Judge, waa close np. Evergreen finished fifth, Danbydale sixth, Tommy Xittlemonse seventh, Woodland eighth. Sweet Briar ninth, Danntleea tenth, Villejost eleventh, Royal Star twelfth, Ormuz thirteenth. The Ghost fourteenth, Jezreel fifteenth, Nunthorpe sixteenth, and Sabrina seventeenth, the iaat pair being Laureate and Modele. Time, I min, 60 eeo. Value of the etakee, £1,465. Dlreotly the curtain fell in liinooln there *u a rnih for Liverpool, where raoing began the next day. Here there was a alight im provement in weather, bat the ground was very treacherous, and the Grand .National Steepleobaae was simply a chapter of aooi dents. There were some rioh stakes deoided on the first day. The Union Jack Stakes of 1,000 sov., which set the ball rolling, fell to the Dnke of Westminster's Orwell by Bend Or from Lizzie Agnes. The Liverpool flnrdls Handicap brought ont eight runners, and was won by Lord Calthorpe'a Toseano, a highly bred colt by Petrarch from Boundary, who ran in aome of the principal classio raoea laat aeason. For some time past this colt had been in Nightingale's hands, and hie viotory made the stable more sanguine than ever abnnt Ilex for the Grand National. The Molyneaux Stakes, of 800 sovs., fell to Maonncas, by Uncas, from Kaiserin, the colt that had run aeoond to Simonian at Lincoln. There was a good handicap field of eleven for the Prince of Wales' Stakes, and viotory rested with Shillelagh, by Brown Prinoe from Holly thorn. a five-year-old, in Captain Msohell's stable, that had previonsly placed a Royal Hunt Cnp to his oredit. The Grand National was ran on the seoond day, and as will be seen from the description of the raceB there were on unusually large tnumber of falls. Gameoook, Frigate, and Whynot were sup posed to be certain to get the conntry, but they all oame to grief, and Ilex, who was the favourite almost from the time betting opened, oame home a very easy winner. THE GBAND NATIONAL STEEPLECHASE. Of 2,000 sovs. (inolnsive of a trophy value 100 sovs.}, by subscription of 20 sovs. each, 15 ft., and 5 only if deolared; seoond to receive 200 eovs., and third 100 eovs. from the stakes. Grand National Course (about 4 miles and 856 yards, over the same line as last year), Sixty-two subs., 21 of whom pay 6 sovs. each. Mr. O. Maeterman'a Ilex, by Boatrevor, 6 yrs., 10 at. 6 lb. (A. NighttogaU) - - ..1 Mr- B. Woodland's Pan, aged, 10 st. G lb. e (Haleeyj _ i .. 2 Mr. J. Bntherford's M.P., aged, 11 st. G lb. (Mr. W. H. Moore) — _ — _ _ .. 8 Also ranFrigate, 12 st. 7 lb. (Mr, T. T. beasley); Gameoook, 12 st. 6 lb. (Dol lery); Why Not, 12 st. 5 lb. (Mr. C. J. Cun ningham) ; Battle Royal, 11 st. 13 lb. (Mr. Wildman); Bellona, 11 st. 9 lb. (EL Barker); Voluptuary, 11 st. 7 lb, (Skelton); Emperor, list. 1 lb. (Mr. D. Tblrlwell): Brooeborongh, 10 st. IS lb. (Mr. Lawranoe); Fetiobe, 10 at. 12 lb. (Baker); Hettie, 10st. 11 lb. (Mr. E. P. Wilson); Baoejr, 10 st, 8 lb. (Mr. W. Wood land) ; Brunswick, 10 st. 4 lb. (Mawson); Fireball. 10 et. 4 lb. (Cornier), Betting—4 to 1 aget. Ilex, 11 to 2 Bellona, 8 to 1 M.P., 10 to 1 Voluptuary. 100 to S Why Not, 100 to 8 Battle Boyal, 100 to 7 Fiigate, 100 to 6 Hmperor, 20 to 1 Gamecock, 25 to 1 Fetiche and Hettie, 100 to 1 others. When the flag fell Gamecook, M.P., and Braoeborongh got away on insidB, with Vo luptuary, Bellona, Emperor, and Baooy on the outside, the hut fonr being Frigate, Battle Boyal, Fan, and Fireball. On settling down into plaoee Gameoook was showing the way, and went into the country in front of M.P., Brnnewiok, and Ilex, with Fan, Why Not next, the lait three now being Hettie, Belona,' and Battle Boyal. Before reaching Beeoher'e Brook Why Not fell endGameoook continued to show the way, followed by M.P., Ilex, .and Brnnewiok, with Pan and Fireball next, Frigate and Volap- - tuary heading the others, of whom Beliona was last, except the remounted Why Not, who wee a field behind. Alter running a mile and a half, Frigate, Hettie, and Baocy fell, and along the Canal side Gameoook was still showing the way in front of ilex. M..P,, ' and V olnptuary, with Brnnewiok and Fetiche next, and Battle Boyal, who had fallen, bat was remounted, laet of all. Two fences further on Gamecock fell, and left the lead with M.P.. who was followed by Ilex, Braoe borongh, Fireball, and Pan, with Beliona last, except Why Not and Battle Boyai. Before jumping on to the racecourse Beliona oame to griet, and jumping on to the course M.P. was in front of Braoeborongh, Ilex, Fireball, snd Pan to the fence before the water, where Braceborongh fell. Over the water Ilex landed elfghtly In front of H.P., with Fireball third, and Voluptuary, Emperor, and Pan next, these being succeeded by Fetiche, Brunswick, and Why Not, with Battle Boyal a quarter of a mile behind. As they entered, the country the second time, M.P. went on again clear of Ilex, Fireball, and Pan, with Fetioble next to the second fenoe, where he fell. Two fenoes further on. Fireball oame to grief, and at Valentine's Brook Volaptnary fell and Skeltoh broke his collar-bone. The race wae now rednoed to narrow limits, and Ilex, taking up the running, was followed by M.P. and the Pan, a long way clear of Bruns wick, Emperor, and Why Not, with nothing else standing. M.P. was beaten before jump ing on the racecourse, and Hex, drawing right away, won with ridloulons ease by twelve lengtbi; bad third. Brunswick was fourth, Why Not fifth, and Emperor next. Nothing else completing the course. Time, 10 min. 41J seo. 