THE CHILDREN'S CORNER. Little Jim's Good Time. (BY ISAEEL FREELAND.) Jim's parents liad three children, and Jim wag ono of them. Tho two that were not Jim were girls, ono of thom 9 years of age and tho other Ll. Jim himself was 5, and there was so much mis chievousness wrapped up within him that I am surprised ho did not explode. They lived-this family of fivo-in a pleasant old-fashioned house in the country, and ono day there carno to visit them tho children's cousin Annie-a girl about as old as Jim's sisters and ono whom they both lovod dearly ; while a's for Jim, ho had once confidentially remarked that if he over married anybody besides his mother it should bo Annie. ' Tho girls' sleeping-room was a big airy chamber, and Jim's a smaller ona next to it. Both rooms opened into tho wido hall, and for venti lation's sweot sake tho doors wero alwavs loft open. Soon aftor the children's bedtime, on the ni<dit of Annie's coming, Jim, from his lonely pillow heard sounds of revelry in the next room scamperings and scurryings, and wild creaking of tho bodcord, and charming pillow-fights_and envy burned in his bosom. He even forgot tho dignity that dwells in boots, and ignored tho high ostato of trousers, and wished in his heart's core that he was a girl. But by-and-bye, aftor a duo display of the charity that " sufforeth long and is kind," his father came to tho foot of the stairs and shouted " All a-bed !" and directly Jim hoard a great silonco in tho next room, and directly again ho was asleep. But lator ho awoke, and as ho lay thinking of tho good timo which the girls had had and he had missed, a very bright idea put its head around the corner of his mind and whis pered, " Wouldn't it bo fun to play a ioko on 'em ?" Jim nevor allowed a suggestion of this kind to pass unheeded. Ho rose with great caution, and arranging his bedclothes so that he could get into bed and be dreaming sweetly in tho twinkling of an eye if he heard his father coming, he throw a sheet about himself and set forth. Ho paused at tho door of tho girls' room and listened till he know thoy wero asleep, and then, running lightly, be mado a flying leap and alighted on his hands and knees on the middle of tho bod, and straightway proceeded to hop about in the most extravagant manner. Any girl in her right mind would awake under such treatment, and any kind of a girl would be frightened, oven if she didn't awake; and bofore Jim had hopped many hops tho quilt was drawn wildly up over tho girl's terrified hoads, and hold fast with a mighty grasp, while from beneath them, sounding muffled and far away, rose shrieks and wails, and howls, and appeals, aud.protosts, making night hideous. Jim's father, not being deaf, was awakened. Just as ho reached tho head of the stairs Canie uncovored her head, and shrioked in a way to ruin her voice, "Pa, there's something on our bed." He had a grave suspicion as to what the some thing was, and going to Jim's bed and finding it unoccupied, he took up a quilt and went into the girls' room. Jim, imbued with such feelings as a warhorse has in battle, would noz havo noticed tho ap proach of three tribes of Indians ; and so it hap pened that when a blanket was thrown over him, and he was tipped over upon his side, and the blanket was gathered "up at the four corners, and he was borne from tho scene of his triumphs, ho knew not whonce Iiis trouble came. He submitted gracefully to being carried some where, thinking impartially che while of dog catchers and ghouls; but when he felt himself hung up by the four corners, and knew that " it" was standing beside him, and looking down at him, or rather at the situation he was in, ho lifted up his voice in three far- reaching yells. Jim dared not scramble out of the blanket, and he dared not try Warrange himsolf more to hi3 liking, for ho feared that tho string with which his captor had tied tho quilt corners together might slip off, and he knew not whether he should fall feet or miles, for he might be suspended from the strong hook in the playroom, or he might ho hung from a buckle on the sword bolt of Orion. His legs were hanging up one side of his narrow space, and his body up the other, and on tho whole he would have given his hoarded 15 cents if he had never been born. But shortly he fell asleep. His mother, thoughtful, as women always ara for those they love, reflected, when she had laughed as much as she liked, that Jim would be so cramped up he couldn't be happy; and two silent figures stole out and placed the small sleeper in a more long-drawn-out position. The girls, when the dreadful thing had gone from their bed, lay with their heads close to gether under the covers, wondering in whispers what it could have beon, since it was too sub stantial for a ghost, too awkward for a beast, and too fiendish to be human. They had an uncomfort able impressionthatitwasyetinthe room, readyto pounce upon them ; but after a time Carrie un covered her head, and s.aw ono of Jim's slippers on the floor, and forthwith assumed that the transgressor was Jim. The girls had just begun to remark vigorously upon the total depravity of boys, when Jim's three shrieks reached their ears from the distance, and they covered up cheir heads again, this time lastingly. They wont to Jim's bed in the morning, and found that there was nothing left of him but the place where ho had been ; and remembering his loud cries of the night-time, were much relieved when his father discovered him hanging m a blanket from a portière polo. Jim did not tell the harrowing talo of the gool timo ho had had; ho was in doubt about how to begin it. The girls told theirs, however, and Jim didn't laugh as he listened ; he didn't oven smile. But aU day he had a dazed air, like a grasshopper drowned in its own " molasses." 