RB8 VRBECT2 ON in THE EOS- I ..V PITAL. MELANCHOLY RE8ULT8 OF A WAGER. The following story is told by Hermann the conjurer:— Among the most brilliant of the students 'lit- ' ; ; University some years ago was /Walter Tiernay; To a general adaptability to'the'8cieDce of medicine he added a cool ness and oerve in the use of the knife in surgical operations that made him the pride of the faculty and the envy of hia fellow Btudenta. In the course of time Tiernay graduated, receiving his diploma, and in a competitive examination which followed won an ap pointment as assistant surgeon at one of tho BmnllAT ? hosnitals. He fiilled this ?position with much success, his one fault being an insatiable thirst for scientific in vestigation, which led to a proneness to operate upon a patient upon the slightest provoution. This, however, is, as a rule, not regarded as a very serious fault among the doctors of a hospital staff, and Tiernay exposed himself to no very severe oriticism in following out, as he invariably did, the maxim of a certain famous medical lecturer — ' 'When in doubt always operate.' One evening, some months after Tiernay had been assigned to his po3t at the hospital, a number of his friends — his former fellow students at the University— were gathered in his room. They were chiefly occupied in isipping lemon punch and chaffing Tiernay to their hearts' content. And what do you think was the subject of their chaff ? Just this : the death of a woman Under the knife, with Tiernay as the surgical operator P Ah, my friends, hospital practice blunts the feelings, and makes men pretty callous. The hospital surgeon comes to regard human fleBh as simply so much ligament fibre ; human bone is so much osseous tissue. f v The circumstances in the case referred to by Tiernay's friends were about as fol lows:— A woman in an advanced state of preg nancy had been admitted to the hospital. There were certain various complications in her case which rendered it a most interesting one from a medical stand point. When the . hour of her confine ment came, it was evident that she could not survive, and, well — to put it bluntly — it iras charged that, in the interest of certain specific data, Tiernay had performed a species of autopsy while the patient was still alive. The assembled company listened with great interest to the medical points gleaned from this investigation, and then, their thirst for scientific lore once satisfied, the chaffing had begun. The poor dead patient ! ^?as alternately referred to as ' The Victim' and 'The Martyr.' Tiernay, of course, denied the imputations cast out, but nobody seemed to care much about these denials, one way or the other. Tired at last of chaffing Tiernay, the guests turned their attention to the subject of nerve power. Out of this conversation grew a curious challenge. One of the party offered to wager Tiernay a supper at 'The Garter' that he would not flare go into me morgue u± tuo uuooluoui. of the hospital, where the body of the poor «« Victim' lay, and sit for one hour beside the corpse. Just as the clock struck 12 he was to rise, stand over the corpse, and re peat solemnly, three times in succession, ' I command you to arise I' Tiernay at first ridiculed the proposition, but, the challenger persisting, he finally accepted the wager. He repaired to the morgue, took his seat beside the corpse, which lay covered by a sheet, and in the dim light began reading a newspaper. At last the sound of the big hospital clock was heard tolling out the midnight hour. , , . , , , Tiernay rose from his chair, and, true to the conditions of his wager, stood over the corpse. ?'I command you to arise !' 'What was that ? Really he could have sworn that the body had moved. Nonsense ! 'WaB he a man of science, or an old woman with weak nerves? Once more his voice rang out, louder than beiui o : (t I command you to arise !'? Horror upon horror ! There could be no doubt of it this time. The corps a had plainly stirred. With compressed lips and blanched face he tore back the sheet. No, no— it could not have been ! *' I command you to arise !' As the words rang through the narrow apartment the corpse sprang bolt upright, the eyes distended, the long black hair falling m matted streams about tbe ghostly face. With a convulsive movement the arms shot out, as if to encircle him who had summoned ' The Victim' back to life. Two minutes later, when Tiernay s friends burst into the room, they found him incoherently babbling and chuckling at the feet of the corpse. . . . flie reason was gone; he was a jabbering idiot. . ? , . , , Had the poor 'Victim' claimed her revenge ? Had she been, momentarily _ gifted with the power to confront her scientific murderer ? . No ; there was no such sensational re tribution as this ! Atter all, I am obliged to spoil my ^host story, as all ghost stories must be spoiled if you search deeply enough until you get at the truth. Tiernay was simply the victim of a prac tical joke, terrible in its results. His guests had contrived to connect a galvanic battery with the corpse, and had thus been enabled at the the critical moment to galvanise it in to life. Owing to severe study, Tiernay's nerve?. '-w^re unstiung,, and the awful re lultsdescixb ' Vowed. 