C r i e s , d t . THE CONFEDERATE CHIEFTAINS. A TALE OF THE IRISH OF 16tl. REBELLION P A S T II. CHAPTER VI— {Continued.) BY MBS. J. Samjeb, Author of" New Lights," " Jilakes and flanagaru," " Willy Burke" " Red Eand of UUter, etc." • IT was a solemn sight to see when, the bishops standing, as all the chieftains <iid likewise, Bishop MacMahon called Owen Bob fcefore them and delivered to him the eword of Hugh O'Neill. 'Take this sword,' said the prelate, 'and/use it as becometh. a Christian soldier, in fair and legitimate warfare against the oppressors of God's faithful people, never in any selfish or private quarrel, nor to do the bidding of passion. Take it and use it even as the sword of Gideon was used of old, but see that it be . with Christian prudence and Christian forbearance, not in anger or in malice, lest you sin before God !' 'It may be,' observed Bishop M'Sweeny, «that' the great leader who wielded that weapon so valiantly was not always as mindful as he ought of the jealous God in whose interests he fought, and hence hii fall, when all the Catholic world deemed him to stand most securely. Profit by that awful warning, Owen O'Neill, so that to you it may be given to steer our barque to the port of safety, which is civil and religious liberty in this realm. Bless you, my son, bless you!' and again he laid his hand on the noble head bent before him, for Owen had knelt to receive tbe sword. The Bishop of Clogher imitated the example of his reverend brother, and after some further consultation on the military movements to be undertaken, the meeting broke up, and the chiefs (due honour being first done to Sir Fhelim's hospitality) betook themselves to their reipective territories to forward what men they could for Owen's new army, the head-quarters of which were for the present fixed at Charlemont. By that evening's waning light Owen Roe and Sir John Netterville were pacing together the lofty battlements of the Castle, discoursing of many things, and pausing often to enjoy the beauty of the and c&fmed; by the hushed repose of the scene around, and the deep ahadows settling down on the dark-rolling Hrer below. Much was O'Neill interested in the military operations of the Southern and Eastern confederates with whom Netterville had so long been acting, and he listened with a soldier's ear to the tales which the young Norman knight loved to tell concerning the heroic deeds of Dillons and Cusacks, Aylmers * and Bariys, and many another fiae old family of the English Pale, the moon rose over the towers of the old fortress, throwing their shadows far out over the Blackwater, and giving grace and beauty to the homely old town of Charlemont, lying just beneath the Castle, on its opposite banks, the Irish general and the Norman knight leaning over a parapet, beguiled the hour with this so pleasant converse. The dee [J silence of the hour was nowise broken by the measured tramp of the sentries on the ramparts, and. no sound was heard from the town beneath save that of The watch-dog's Ivoioe that bay'd the list'ning moon. Many a tale of horror young Netterville had told relating to the savage butcheries of the miscreant. Coote, and O'Neill listened with a sickening heart, not always able to repress the natural expression of indignB'fon and disgust, although habitually guarded in all his words and actions. 'For all Sir Phelim's poor opinion of us, Anglo-Irish,' said Netterville, 'and though be have no better name for us than '' mongrel hounds," we have, patting one thing with another, done our fair ware of the work since the day of our covenant with Soger O'Moore and the other Irish on the hill of Crofty.' 'Who doubts it, my friend?' said O'Neill frankly, and he laid his hand on the knight's arm; 'no, not even my kinsman, Phelim, though he do snarl and at times. He is at heart too much devoted to the cause = not to feel the full rnhie of our indebtedness to our gallant brethren of the Pale!' ' '-However that be,' replied. Netter- •ille, 'we ourselves know full well that we have had the brunt to bear in many a topng hour of peril, when Sir Phelim ana his Northmen were far away, little fl{*> ; . .-Li—*. _ .< Aylmto. Who did good Bervloe to S S w w ? there Ion* ware, wis tahd^Ofctonf^ ° oon s ®o»t« l *o Ood *J»al«agof ourneed. Spanish bred as you are, general, you must have heard of •Lough Eee of the Shannon.' Purely yes, Sir John, I know it well by name. T2-'ii We11, he islanda £ in ^e lake, and the JuUtenny * shore adjoining, were, and T-A^T' sul ) jectto the powerful house •i-u ' dotted the land w h o bave w:ith religious institutions of various kinds, wheresoever their sway extended. •Not to speak of the noble Abbey on Hare Island, around whose now mouldering walls the departed Dillon sleeps in peace, there is, or was, till lately, on Saint's or Nun's Island, almost within hail of the other, a Convent of Poor Clares also founded and protected by the same noble family. It was a house of refuge to all the poor and distressed for miles around on mainland and island, and all men deemed it safe from the incursions of any of the contending partiea. So little danger was apprehended, indeed, that even the hereditary protectors of the house thought it nowise necessary to burden or disturb the good Sisters by placing a garrison in or near the convent, and, lulled in false security, the saintly daughters of St. Clare pursued their works of mercy, and dreamed away their meditative hours in the still seclusion of their insular dwelling. Alas! that so blissful a calm should be so rudely broken ! The geod religious were in the chapel chanting the Vesper service when a party of English soldiers from the garrison of Ballinacloffy, on the adjoining shore, burst into the church, and—oh, my God! shut out from mine eyes the scene that followed,' and starting from his half recumbent posture the young nobleman began to pach the rampart to and fro in a fit of unconquerable emotion. 'What!' said Owen O'Neill in a choking voice,' they dared to ' ' Dared !' cried Netterville, ' dared ! I tell you, General O'JN eill, they dared to do the work of devils. Sooner could I tear the tongue from my head than to say what they did, but you may guess it from my silence. Having glutted their demoniac rage in every possible way, the wretches set fire to the convent and marched away, little thinking what was to follow. Oh, virgins of the Lord! they deemed ye unprotected, and as having none to avenge your wrongs ' A deep groan from Owen Roe made Netterville look towards him. His head had sunk between his hands, and his whole frame trembled with suppressed emotion, yet he spoke no word, perchance could not speak. Before the knight could utter another word, a rough voice spoke out almost at his elbow, and Sir Phelim stepped forth from the shade of a buttress into the clear moonlight. 'It is a piteous tale, Sir John,' he said, with the vehemcnce which belonged to his character ; ' would te God I had been there with a score or so of my O'Neills —methinks, an' we came not in time to save the poor nuns, we would settle accounts with...the devil-begotten Puritans ' The account was settled,' said Netterville, coldly. 'How was thatP' asked Owen Roe< roused from his painful reverie, as well by the abrupt appearance of his kinsman as by the announcement just made. ' By whom P' cried Sir Phelim; prithee, man, tell us all about it ere we lose patience.' • It were ill losing what you never had,' muttered Netterville to himself, and, ;lancing with a half- contemptuous air at Sir Phelim, he turned to Owen Roe. .'You will be glad to hear, general, that although your valiant kinsman here was not within a hundred miles or so of the bleak Shannon shore when this black deedi was done, Bertie and his troopers;}: escaped punishment none the less. Returning to the shelter of their fortress, and being already intoxicated with the made indulgence of their brute passions, the ruffians must needs quaff potations dpep and long after their day's work., The usual precautions for the safety of the fort were, of course, neglected on that nighit; even the warder on the walls and the sentry at the gate were heavy-headed with 'milch 'drink and kept their posts unheedingly. It was just when the brgies within' were loudest and highest that Hubert Dillon rushed in with some eighty or a hundred of his followers, and, falling on the ruffianly crew of revellers, cut them down, without mercy, so that, as chronicles tell, hardly a map escapejl. i The mongrel whelps,'' Sir Phelim, m iroved themselves of true blood in that otu> of retributive justice!' 'Marry they did,' quoth Sir Phelim, gleefully, 'and for the sake of those same Dillons I am content to crave your pardon, Sir John Netterville, for any * This place is sitnated"iii the. connty o! West.' meath, and on the eastern borders of Lonirta He" ; , tthis flenflfahact wgs -perpetrated by a ?>arty o loldiers tram the neighbouring, oastle of JteUynpjloffy, under the command of Captain Bertie, rother to tbe Earl of Lindsay. - dee Brewer's Beauties of Ireland," vol, JX, p. 246. d t d a t t B b c s unseemly words that may h^ye, escaped .me. I am a rough-spoken man, young sir, and somewhat hot-bloodied, but i' faith, I am not the man to keep malice, let my enemies say as they will. How now, cousin?' But his cousin made no answer, fceing, in fact, out of hearing of the question,! though still within sight. . He had fol-' lowed to the other end of the rampart a figure which he had observed in the shade behind Phelim's back,/beckoning I him to go thither. Having reached the extreme end, at a spot whpre no sentry was within sight or hearing, the figure approached for an instant, and whispered softly but distinctly— ' Be not surprised if you see a ghost this night, and be sure, sure, that you ndte well its actions. Keep a light burning in your chamber, all night. Farewell, and God be with you.' The speaker was no other than Angus, whose mysterious influence over Sir. Phelim O.wen had witnessed with sur-, prise. Fain would he have detained him a moment, but his faint and low ' stay, young man!' was apparently unheard, for Angus came no more. He had glided round a projecting angle, and was' nowhere to be seen. Nor did Owen Roe see him again during his stay at the Castle, which was necessarily of some weeks* duration. The entertainment provided by Sir Phelim that evening for those whom he regarded as his guests was worthy of his far-famed hospitality. A few of the neighbouring chiefs; amongst whom was O'Hanlon, had accepted Sir Phelim's invitation to remain for the night, and altogether there was some ten Or twelve assembled at supper. A jovial party they were, too, and well inclined to do honour to the feast before them, with the single exception of Owen Roe who, at all times temperate and even abstemious, was on that night graver find more thoughtful even than his wont, to the no small surprise of the other guests who naturally expected to see him somewhat elated by the flattering reception given him, and the auspicious opening of his career in Ireland. Tirlogh O'Neill, too, was more silent than living man had ever seen him, and there was a sullen frown knitting his shaggy brows that made one shrink from looking twice at him. More than once during the evening, he took occasion to renew the subject of Sir Phelim's superseded command in a way that gave infinite alarm to the sage O'Hanlon and others of the guests. But they little knew the stuff that Owen Roe was made of when they deemed him' capable of being provoked to anger by the petulant taunts or scoffs of Tirlogh O'Neill. 'Here's to you, Phelimy Ti-cc."-' said Tirlogh, as he raised a brimming bumper of the wine of Bordeaux; ' you'll *' '11 be general-in-chief amongst us of Tyr-Owen, anyhow—and wherefore not, 1 want to know, when King Charles himself—God bless him!—gave you full authority in these parts, not to speak of what belongs to the O'Neill'—a triumphant glance at Owen Roe gave point to the words, but, to Tirlogh's great surprise^ Owen was smiling and composed, Phelim abashed and disconcerted. The look which the knight gave his brother was expressive of anything but gratitude or satisfaction, and poor Tirlogh cut but a sorry figure as he glanced uneasily from Owen to Phelim, and from Phelim back to Owen. Netterville, noting Well the relative effect of the words, thought it a good joke, although he knew not, for his part, what it all meant. With ' the natural buoyancy of youth, he exclaimed; gaily— I would that same commission of Sir Phelim's was thore extensively pub, lished. We of the Pale have hearcj much concerning it,"but, I grieve to say, there be many so skeptical as to doubt its existence. Nay, be not wroth, Sir Phelim, for, by mine honour, I mean no ill—I do but say what I have many times heard.' _ j 'They lie in their throats,' cried the knight of Kinard leaping to his feet, his ace all on fire with fierce, ungovernable assion; ' I say they lie in their throats ho say I have no commission from the ing. As well might they say there be o king to give one.' j •Alas! the day,' said Owen Roe ih a dreamy, abstracted tone, ' they may hate that to say with truth ere long, ah' things go on as they do in England. God protect the royal Stuart:,' for surely he is n the-hands of -the Philistines, ithough ayhap he know not of his danger V .'Let'him look to it then,' Baid O.'IJan-; on, gruffly ; ' he, hath been ouble game, and deserves to fall between' wo stools, as the saying is. Double? ealing seldom serveth for much goodJ nd that same King Charles is full mas-! er of that art, or Teague O'Hanlon is no rue man !' -s •• : * Sir Phelim O'Neill had also the eonbrigdet of! oaor red, in ellnMOn to his ifloi-id complexion; estowed on him by his own and neighbouring lans. By the name of Phelimy Roe he is still poken of in the north country. < ' I like not your speech, fair sir," said Netterville, tartly; 'the faults of a sovereign, an' he have them like other men, rest between him and his God. We Catholic knights and nobles might well leave abuseof our liege lord to the cropped* eared prigs of the Scotch Covenant^ whose detestation of the man, CKarlei Stiiart, must needs point him out as the friend of Papists. Nay, never look sp c6Id on" me, friend Teague,' he gaily added, seeing the chief tain's face darken, I have seen you too often at the head f your clan fighting," for God and ing Charles" lightly to suspect you of isloyal thoughts; Forgive me, O'Hanon, I did but jest!' ^ ' More fool lie or we to peril life for so faithless a prince,-' Owen muttered to himself, and then,-rising, he craved Sir Phelim' s leave to retire on the plea that his health permitted not late vigils. 'But the commission, general!'cried Netterville, as he shook hands across the table with the good- natured O'Hanlon, whose anger was neter either very violent or of long duration. 'Let us have a sight of it ere you go!' Sir Phelim expressed his willingness to show it,.at the same time muttering a curse between his teeth; but Owen begged to be excused, saying that another time would do as well for, the gratification of their .common curiosity. ' An' you be advised by me, Sir John," the general added, as he passed his seat, ' you will follow my example, and retire immediately. Proposing, as you do, to Set out betimes in the morning, you will need a long night's rest.' With a ready perception of his friend's motive, the young' Norman gracefully declared his willingness, and, after some faint objections from their host, both were shown to their respective Apartments—Netterville by Tirlogh, Owen O'Neill by Sir Phelim himself. It was the best sleeping-room in the castlc that in which Owen was lodged, and albeit that curiosity had but a very small share in his composition; he certainly did make a brief inspection of the spacious chamber, with its old- fashioned furniture, even before he knelt to perform his nightly devotions. Theroomwas curiously wainscotted with Irish oak, black and polished as ebony; the large mirror, surmounting an antique toilettable, was. framed in the same, and the narrow, high-backed chairs, and the fourposted bed with its canopy of rich crimson velvet, all were ih perfect keeping one with the other, so that the [chamber, rich and tasteful as it; wa?«-had a ,gloomy and somewhat ghostly look. Still the bed looked so tempting, with its cool, fresh, snowy linen, that the general gave himself little trouble about the sombre character of the place, and, leaving the lamp burning oh the table, according to the mysterious instructions of the young Rkpparee, he lost no time in seeking depose. Much he wondered at the singular warning given him by Angus, although so far was he from attaching any importance to it that he laughed at the bare idea of a ghostly visitation. (To be continued.) THE LATE FR. T. WOODS.—The Nation of the 7th December says:—A distinguished geologist has passed away in the person of a Franciscan Father, Eev. Tenison Woods, .E.G.S., who died at Sydney in the early weeks of October. Fr. Woods wgs the sjra of Irish Protestant parents. His father was a native of County Meath, and for forty years was a leading contributor to the Times. Bis mother was a grand-daughter of a Protestant Bishop of Ossory, Bishop Tenison. He was born in London in 1832. The well-Khown Canon Oakley brought him into-the OatboKo Church. He acquired the taste forgeological studies while a student in France, and When his priestly mission brought him to H$w South Wales he found a fresh and wide field for his studies.; More than one hundred and fifty essays pad-papers on geological subjects nd natural 'history were .written by -him, and his labours were recognised' by msiny onours from the scientific societies. His enius was versatile.' He • contributed the llustrations for his own works, was in ccomplished musician, and an excellent inguist. His merits were crowned by his evotion to his sacred duties. THE Primrose Dames appear to haye received' some charming compliments from Sir Bobert Peel, with respect , to the late election for Brighton, at which Si; Robert was defeated. He speaks of them for instance, as 1 'tbe' toRches of the rimrose League who have soi fottlly endeavoured, 1 but in vain, to asperse my character during this-.contest.'-'.-., This as prettyianguage to be. applied to ladies of he highest 'fashion^ and it can only fye justified by being,weU deserved.. Sir Bobert Peel, however, is himself sufficiently initiated nto the secrets of high life to know what he s talking about. BY OEDER OF EXECUTORS. Tbe. Executors of _ the. late Denis . BroSp , 0 ion of*20 per cent, on the - usually tftarkftt riceB.i— [Advt.J 