Miscellaneous. From our latest English files to hand we take the following interesting items: — | On Sunday afternoon, July 29, tbe first time for 20 years, a land played on the East Terrace of Windsor Castle, . to which the public were admitted. About 7000 people visited the promenade, which will be opened to the public each Snnday through the summer. Her Majesty, after watching the animated scene from ber apartments, drove to Frogmoro and took tea in the grounds. ?The Queen witnessed a musical ride in Windsor Park which terminated with a charge of the troopers with levelled lances toward the Queen, the steeds being reined np within a Tew paces of the Royal party. The Empress Frederick and her two unmarried daughters are visiting the Queen at Windsor Castle. The'Empreas before leaving Germany collected £25,000 towards tbe cost of a children's hospital now in courso of erection in Berlin. A -Berlin citizen, who iB proved to be insane, was arrested in Frankfort at the instance of the Empress Frederick for persistently following the Princess Victoria. He had paid a man a considerable sum to hand a letter to the Princess. At the State concert given in Buckingham Palace the Princess of Wales wore a dress of pale blue and gold brocade, draped with flounces of gold embroidery. The Archduchess Valerie, daughter of the Empress of Austria, is being inundated with presents in view of her approaching marriage. After the wedding the Empress will start on a cruise round the world. King Kalakaua, of Hawaii, wiU visit England in the ' autumn, and spend most of his time at Bourne mouth. A new expedition, consisting of seven Europeans and 160 native soldiers, to ;thesonrces of the'Cooero is being sent out by the Congo Commercial Company. Mr. Stanley is said to be contemplating a special mission to the Upper Congo. The deficit of the Congo Free State last year was £20,000. Albert Hall was crowded on Saturday, J une 28, to hear Madame Patti. She sang five times, her fee for the afternoon being £800. The new promenade at Scarborough, which was opened by the Duke of Clarence, cost £50,000. It was said that nearly 600,000 people visited Scarborough last year. Camden Place, Chiselhurst, formerly the residence of the late Emperor Napoleon, with 124 acres of park, was put up for auction in London, but as only £60,090 was offered the property was bought in. There was a floral parade at the Botanical Gardens, a feature of the occasion being a camel, from the Zoo, surmounted by two little children seated in a bed of roEes. The Queen, to mark her interest in the movement for developing tho home industries of Scotland, which originated with Lady Rosebery, ordered a selection of goods to be forwarded to Windsor, from which ehe made several purchases. The committee which is considering the question of providing playing-fields for . London purpose levelling spaces for cricket pitches and hiring fields near London next season, for which £10,000 will be required. For the u2 cricket pitches in Victoria Park there were 69 applications in one day. Only half-an-acre can be allowed for each game. An orchid sold in London fetched 105 guineas. A young cyclist has riddein from London to Brighton and back in seven honrs 19 minutes, beating the quickest coaching record. When the Lord Mayor visited tbe Asylum for the Deaf and Dumb at Margate, a boy born deaf and dumb addressed his lordship, being most distinctly heard by the large assemblage. There was a display of swimming by ladies at the East London People's Palace. Every kind of swimming was illustrated, including the waltz movement and undressing in the water. A search committee has been formed to ascertain what distance the deposit of coal discovered at Dover extends. The unprecedented sum of 5500 guineas has just been paid for a colt at the sale of the Royal yearlings at Hampton Court. . A lifeboat memorial, consisting of a drinking foun tain and clock-tower, has been unveiled at South Shields. The names of Henry Greathead and William Wouldhave, who share the honour of inventing the - lifeboat, are inscribed upon the memorial. It is just a century since a shipwrecked crew were first landed by means of a lifeboat A nurse at Turin has just sacrificed her life in saving ber infant charge, which had wandered on to the rail way to pick up a ball. A musk-rat has been caught at Oban. A large seal was captured in the Forth. During tbe hearing of a divorce case in London it was stated that the husband at the time of his marriage was a widower with 12 children, and this number had since been made up to 20. A remarkable marriage case has been tried in Dublin. A well-known medical man, Dr. Macan, married a fascinating lady, who represented herself to be a widow with £30,000. It subsequently transpired that the supposed widow was a Mrs? Lynch, who had a husband living in America, and with whom she was in cor respondence. Mr. Lynch, the husband, brought an action against the doctor for appropriating his wife, and claimed £5000 damages. The jury, holding that the doctor had been entirely deceived, awarded Mr. Lynch one farthing damages. A will case which is about to be heard was referred to In court, when it was stated that the ghost of tho testator had recently visited a eexton and expressed dissatisfaction with the disposal of the property. Lord Justice Bo wen inquire! whether the ghostly communi cation could bo received as evidence. A man who wob injured by an elephant at the Scar borough Aquarium has been awarded £125 damages. The heavy rains have interfered with the hay harvest. There have been serious gales cn the Scotch coast, causing great destruction of fishing boats with the loss of several lives. Hailstones have done much damage in several places. A man, while driving a mowing-machine, was killed by lightning near Spilsby. Earthquake shocks were felt in the Weatherby district of Yorkshire. People, feeling their beds shaking, rushed into the streets. The wind wrecked a circus tent at Queenstown, capsizing the Eeats, and precipitat ing those seated tbereon to. the ground. A dozen per sons were injured. During a tornado in Tennessee the roof of a Methodist church fell in upon the congrega tion, killing several. The weather has been quite winterly in Paris, while intense heat prevails in America. In one day there were 50 deaths from sun stroke, and 117 cases of prostration in Chicago alone. Over 300 horses were killed by the heat in the streets of Chicago in ane day. A Dutch mail steamer after being in collision off Falmouth in a fog, sank in six minutes, carrying to the bottom seven soldiers and a million guilders packed in casks. A seaman named Warren, who has just reached America, Bays he is the sole survivor of the British barque Martha Band, which was wrecked on an island of the Fiji group two years ago. While exploring the island he fell in with a tribe of cannibals, and would have been killed and eaten had it not been for an Eng lish sailor who was shipvnecked some years before, and who had been made sub-chief by the natives. Warren says that during .bis stay onthB island two missionaries were killed, roasted, and eaten by the natives. He was eventually rescued by a passing vessel. The obituary for the week ending Julv 3 includes : — The Earl of Carnarvon, aged 59; Lord Magheramorae, better known as Sir James M'Garel Hogg, chairman of the Metropolitan Board of Works, aped 67; Admiral Rose Waid, General Inspector of Lifeboats ; Sir James Gowans, Dean of the Guild of the City of Edinburgh; Mr. Robert Leeds, the well-known agriculturist, aged 79 ; Mr. Sloper, who invented a machine for perforating postage stamps with initials, thus checkmating pilfer ing office boys; Professor Glasgow, of Belfast, aged 85; Mr. William Crawford, M.P., the miners' Id. P. for Mid-Durham and a Home Ruler, aged 57. He began life as a waggon-greaser in a pit. 