THE MAGAZINES FOR JANUARY. FURTHER Norton. Mr. Swinburne, whose must just now is exceedingly prolific, contributes to the Fortnightly Re- view no less than seven sonnets " On the Death of Robert Browning." They contain many lines of surpassing beauty, and yet somehow fail to have a memory behind them. Professor Tyndall has a charming paper called "Personal Recollections of Thomas Carlyle." Perhaps the Professor was-at any rate during the closing years; of his life his most intimate friend, and he certainly draws Carlyle with a kindlier touch than France did. Mrs. Jeune, an earnest worker for the London poor, writes from her full knowledge a description of their homes, which is simply appalling. But those things ought to be known, and Mrs. Jeune has done good service in making them known. An excellent science paper by Mr. Grant Allen, on " Sacred Stones, and a fine essay on " The State and the Sermon on the Mount," by the Bishop of Peterborough, are the most noteworthy of the remaining articles. The late Matthew Arnold used to think highly of the Rev. Stopford Brooke as a literary critic, yet surely the following two sentences, which we quote from his article on Robert Browning in the Con- temporary Review, are as wrong as they can be. He says : When the news was flashed from Venice that Robert Browning had died, area felt as of old they felt when a great king had passed away one who, at a time of change, had absorbed the now aims and thoughts of his nation while they were yet unshaped, who had given them form in himself, and sent them forth alive and fresh to be loved and used by his folk, and who, continuing to shape and reshape them with more and more completeness, had himself quietly grown into such a power that be impressed the seal and spirit of his personality upon the character of his people. The movement is slow of such a life, and the strife is long, but at last, and when the best of his work is done, he comes forth, recognised as one of the spiritual kings, listened to by all as one of the prophets of mankind." As a matter of fact, the late Robert Browning never belonged to the vanguard of thinkers, and to speak of him as " a spiritual king,'' and as " one of the prophets of. mankind, is to use absurdly hyperbolical language Perhaps the most remarkable article is by a new writer on a now subject It is that in which Mr. J. B, Werner describes "Running for Records in other words, the engine-room of an Atlantic liner. If Mr. Warner is right-and he seems to know his subject well the stokers on those great steamers which attempt to make " record " rana from America to England live cruelly hard lives. Some months * ago we had occasion to praise in the warmest terms of eulogium two poems by Michael Field." This lady-for the nom de plume covers, we believe, a feminine personality-contributes a sort of prose poem on "A Lumber Room." There are a loan beautiful sentences in it, but we much prefer her verse. " A Bengal Magistrate " writes very forcibly on " The Home Rule Movement in India and Ireland." His theory, stated shortly, is that the Home Rule movement is dying out in India because the natives' appreciate more and more the I blessings of English judicial administration, and that the same movement gathers strength in Ireland because in that country the administration of justice is so bad. Professor Freeman indulges in a good deal of what may be called easy chair fanning when he discusses " The Latest Theories on the Origin of the English," and he certainly shows that Du Chaillu leapt headlong to his conclusion that the English were Scandinavians on very little evidence, and that little misappre- hended. Miss Julia Wedgewood has an article on " The Unfaithful Stowavd," which we have read backwards and forward and can make nothing of. Probably she has some meaning, but it does not appear. The Nineteenth, Century is difficult to notice because its articles are very weighty weighty by reason of the quantity of thought in them, and several would require long explanations if they were to be treated as they deserve. It must, therefore, suffice to say that Professor Huxley writes on Rousseau's theory about the natural equality of many that Mr. Gladstone describes sympathetically the Melbourne Government at the beginning of the Queen's reign and that Mr. Herbert Spencer con- tributes a paper on Absolute Political Ethics." These, together or separately, are decidedly the most important magazine articles of the month. There is also an article on " The ascertainment of English," by the late Dr. Charles Mackay, and two papers on " Women," by the Countesses of Jersey and Cowper, are worth reading. The New Review, published at one-fifth the price of its older and more pretentious rivals, is yet quite on a par with them in the quality of its work. I This month it has three remarkable articles by Mr. Walter Besant, Mrs. Lynn Linton, and Mr. Thomas Hardy on " Candour in English Fiction, Put plainly, the question dealt with by these distinguished novelists is whether there is in English fiction sufficient liberty as regards sexual immorality. Mr. Besant thinks there is, and instances '.' Adam Bede " and " The Scarlet Letter " as books which go as far as books ought to go. But the other two do not agree with him Mrs. Lynn Linton puts her views very forcibly. She says : " The result of our present system of uncandid reticence, of make-believe innocence in one line with impossible villainies in others-the working response made to the demand of the British matron for fairy tales, not facts- is that, with a few notable exceptions, our fictitious literature is the weakest of all at this present time, the most insincere, the most jejune, the least impressive, and the least tragic. It is wholly wanting in dignity, in grandeur, in the essential spirit of immortality. Written for the inclusion of the Young Person among its readers, it does not go beyond the schoolgirl standard. It may be charming, as the shy and budding miss is charming ; but that smell of bread and butter spoils all quite as much as the smell of the apoplexy spoilt the Archbishop's discourse. Thus we have the queer anomaly of a strong- headed and masculine nation cherishing a feeble, futile, milk-and- water literature of a truthful and straightforward race accepting the most transparent humbug as pictures of human life. A great king may make himself a hobby- horse for his children to ride on pickaback, but a great nation should be candid and truthful in art as well as in life, and mature men and women should not sacrifice truth and common-sense in literature for the sake of the Young Person. The locked bookcase is better." "A Summer's Dream," by Mr. Swinburne, is not one of his successes. You read it and leave it without one line or image impressed on your mind. The political article is called "Who Next?" The writer, evidently a politician of some eminence, asks who is to be the next Liberal leader, and decides in favor of Lord Spencer or Sir William Harcourt. Two new serials, one by Miss Rhoda Broughton, and the other by Mrs. A. Edwardes, ara begun in Temple Bar, and both promise very well. Among the shorter papers is an able and clearly written account of the " Catastrophe of Sedan." Scribner's is perhaps rather dull this month, but Mrs. Harold Fredericks story, " In the Valley," redeems it. Harper's contains a fearful ghost story called "A Night at Ouseley Manor," and the illustrations to an article on " The' Russian Army," are extremely spirited and very well engraved. Harper's Young People is, as usual, excellent. Ita drawings are deliriously funny. 