THE WESLEY GHOSTS. (daily news.) The "Wesley Ghosts are always be- , iug revived, with all the curious questions which they suggest. Their latest appearance is in a memoir of Susanna Wesley, by Miss Eliza Clarke (W. H. Allen & Co.) The book is not very carefully printed, as the first odd occurrences at the Wesleys' house, Bpworth Bectory, are dated 1816\. Of course 1716 is the date. The stories may be examined once more, and compared with similar marvels reported elsewhere. The thing to be explained, or admired, is the consensus of evidence from the most remote quarters. Either such disturbances as annoyed the Wesley8 are actually in the nature of things or humanity everywhere shows a mar vellous concord in lying and in im posture. Lying is quite out ot the question in the case of the Wesley8, the most robust scepticism cannot swallow that hypothesis. Imposture, of course, on the part of children or servants has to be allowed for, but then we are confronted with a curious unanimity in imposture. Incas,' Buddhists, Mohammedans must all practise the very tricks of fiobin, the Wesleys* man, or of the Wesleys' maid. Samuel Wesley, the younger, was iu London when the troubles began. His mother wrote to thank him for a letter, as she had. been anxious about him. In December, 1716, the maid—a new maid— had heard dismal groans at the door of the diniug-roam. Soon after, several of the family heard a strange knocking, sometimes in the nursery, sometimes in the garret—where the children and servants were, in fact. Then "it" took to knocking near the bed of Mr. Wesley, who had not previously heard "it." Mr. Wesley "questioned if it were Sammy," but it was not Sammy. The younger Samuel, much interested, suggested rats. But the irats, pre viously troublesome, had been ex palled by blowing a horn. The horn was tried again, but only seemed to arouse its ambition. "I was entirely convinced," says Mrs. Wesley, "that it was beyond the power o£ any human being —still more than of rats—" to make such strange and various noises." The sounds were usually nearer Hetty, one of the children, than the rest. There is very often a little girl whom it particularly affects. In his " Demonology," Scott mentions a little girl who produced the noises, and made things fly about with irceaious arrangements of horse-hair lines. Hetty was found guilty of bo such contrivances. The noises were frequent when the prayer for the King was read. Mrs. Wesley was a Jacobite, but it is absurd to suspect Mrs. Wesley of being the impostor. She herself was thrice " pushed by an invisible power." The mastiff was always dreadfully frightened, dogs being notoriously superstitious. They see ghosts, and, in Horner, see gods invisible to mankind. The mastiff's evidence is very good. Sukey Wesley mentions that her father's trencher " danced upon the table a pretty while without anybody's stirring the table." These noises lasted for thirty- ] four years, and became merely a bore and a weariness of the flesh. About 100 years later the rector at Epworth 1 was driven out of the house by the unexpected hubbub. This is the Wesley story. That any servant should keep up such a senseless disturbance for thirty-four years seems almost out of the question. We now turn to similar troubles elsewhere. One of the oddest is iji the report of a Spanish missionary in Peru, one of the earliest missionaries. It is published ! by the Hakluyt Society. The victim f was a chief, or cacique, who was on the point of being converted. There were the usual noises, Btoneg were thrown about the house by invisible hands, and the cacique's drinking vessel was lifted by no seen agency and set down empty ! This case may be illustrated by Bishop Callaway's Zulu converts, who were persecuted by exactly the same visions as St. Anthony and other early Christians. Something must be allowed for agita tion of mind in fresh converts. The dancing of Mr, Wesley's trencher corresponds to various phenomena. In a private letter from Lahore, in 1S79, a traveller mentioned a Bhuddist High Priest in North-west China who is " said to have the magic power of attracting cups and plates from a distance, and things fly through the air into his hands." In Colonel Yule's " Marco Polo" is quoted the report of a mediaeval traveller, who saw the cups go about, of their own motion, at the Court of the King of Delhi. He also witnessed other per formances even more marvellous, but these belong to a different branch of the subject. For example, one Xugi squatted in the air, and the slipper of another beat him on the neck in that attitude. In a little work called " Obeah," lately published, are amaz* ing accounts of descents of stones into j a house; they <£ came from above," and were repeated at intervals for j days. Disturbances exactly like those | in the Wesleys* house occurred at ■ Glenluce, in Scotland, about 1660. I They were minutely recorded in j " Satan's Invisible World Discovered," j by Professor George George Sinclair, of Glasgow. The instance of the Drummer of Tedwcrth, at Mr. Mom pessen's house, is too well known to be quoted. Everyone has heard of " the Fox Girls" in America, but whether the Fox Girls are good evi dence or not is a question for the en quirer to decide upon. A farmhouse in the Ivorth of Scotland was worried exactly as the Wesleys' were annojed only a year ago. The mattress be haved in an unusual and disorderly manner; was cut open and examined, and set to work as violently when it had been repaired. A case very like the Wesleys', but of brief duration, disturbed Sir Walter Scott, at Abbots ford, when the house was inhabited, but not finished. On two nights there was a dreadful racket, as if the heavy furniture was being dragged about. Scott took auld Beardie's sword, and Bolt upright And ready to fight, explored the premise?. He found everything in it a plaee, and all quiet. His architect or upholsterer in London chanced to die on one of these noisy nights. Mrs. Wesley expected to hear of her son's or brother's death when the knackiugsbegan ; but Sammy was alive and well, and nothing was ever heard about the brother, who was in India. Occasionally, as in an example al ready mentioned, and perhaps in the Woodstock performances, the human agent in the affair has confessed or has been discovered. He has followed by mechanical means the general tradition as to how this kind of thing should be done. Much more frequently as at Wesleys, in Glenluce, at Abbotsford, no cause of the troubles has been found out. The Psychical Society seem to have made little or nothing of this pleasing study. We are left to make our choice between aimless imposture, prolonged for many years, or the existence of forces about which we know nothing. The latter is the more agreeable hypothesis The visible earth has almost all been explored. We know a disenchanting amount about the moon and even the stars. Fancy would have no empty waste, or common, if we eould quite explain away the tribulation of the Wesleys. Therefore, many people will believe in " it" as long as they can. " It" has not been caught and classified. The bogies of the ancients cannot have been rats, because the rat was unknown to the Greeks and Romans. This is a reassuring circum stance. 