A Prose Poem. Once upon a. midnight stormy, a lone bachelor attorney pondered many a curious volume to Ms heart's forgotten lore; while he nodded, nearly napping, sud denly there came a tapping, as of some one gent-y rapping— rapping at his chamber door. ' 'Tis the spirits!' and he started, 'rapping at my chamber door. Ohl for help! I'm frightened sore!'' I'll am- i«i4a A V. a n rtli n — rt ki A — . ttlnt AwAn aha Mr.tan., *- _ AUOU 1UIU UlMUlUCi UtltoUg ^UUt CTCU UUO jlCtffill ' ting him to fly into the closet or to get behind the door) came tbe ghosts of fond hearts broken (with many a ring and other token), and they sat them down beside him, on the dusty, book-strewn floor— sat amidst the volumes of most venerable lore. Quoth the lawyer, 'What a bore! 'It must be something serious; this is.certainly mysterious, quite au advent of the spirits — resurrection con amore. Bat I understand them mostly !' — here there came a rap so ghostly that he could not more dis semble as he had done heretofore, and his face grew pale and paler as he started for the door— down he fell upon the floor, Then there came a clatter, clatter, and his troth began to chatter, as the spirits gathered round him, and accused him very sore; how with handsome face all smiling, and with winning words beguiling, he had charmed away the senses of fair maidens by the score ! and each lass had fondly fancied 'twas her he did adore. Quoth the lawyer, ' Never more!' Startled at the stiliness broken by reply so aptly . spoken, for the amwer, strange enough, quite a rele vancy bore, they began a noisy rapping — sort of spiritual clapping, which the lawyer thought could be but a fasMonable encore— and again, as if his soul in that word he wonid outpour, did he groan out, 'Never more I' Presently his soul grew stronger; hesitating then no longer — ' 'Oh !' said he, ' sweet spirits, your forgive ness I implore; on my knees, to every ghostess, who to. love has played the hostess, I will promise to recant the many faithless things I swore ! Will yon promise then to' leave me ?' here he pointed to the door. Rapped the spirits, ' Never more!' ' Be that word our sign of parting,' said the hap less wight upstarting, ' Me ye hence into the darkness, seek you out some distant shore. In the noisy camp or forum, in the lonely sane, sanctorum — such ghastly, grim, ungainly guests were never seen before. Leave my loneliness unbroken'— here he opened wide the door. Rapped the spirits, 'Never more !' So these vixen sprites of evil — spirits still, though most uncivil— they will never leave the lawyer, though in tears he may implore. At his false heart they are tapping, they are rapping, rapping, rapping, and ho wishes, oh, how vainly, that his haunted lifo were o'er; and he often sighs — ' Oh ! conld I but recall days of yore, I would flirt— Oh ! never more !' ' Rich and rare were the gems she wore,' When she was 'dressed to kill ;' And terrible were the oaths ho swere When her huEband saw the bill. Ginger Cream.— Soak an ounce of gelatine in half a pint of cream, and when well soaked stir it over the fire till it melts; beat up the yolks of fonr eggs with half a pint of milk ; mix the whole together, and stir it over the fire till it thickens; have ready 3oz. preserved ginger finely sliced, two spoonfuls of the eyrup, and a few drops of essence of ginger; put all together, and whisk till nearly cold, put into a jelly mould, and turn ont next day. Treacle Sponge. — Quarter of a pound of flour, 2oz. finely-chopped suet, half a tablespoonful of baking powder, half a tablespoonful of ground ginger, one egg, two tablespoonfuls of golden syrup, two table - spoonfuls of milk, a pinch of salt; beat the egg, then add syrup and milk ; then mix it with the other in gredients, and steam for one hour. Serve with sweet sauce 