i; / Sketcher. OUT OF THE DARKNESS. By 0. Lillie. . . . 'Gcovgo ! I baliovo in ghosts, and I'vo los mv 4i-g.' This iraa tho remirk Trfth T,hieh Paul 'Western grootcd mo, aud however much I ' might havo folk inclined to ridicule such a doublo-lm'rcllcd announcement, I was res trained by tho genuino distress visible in my . , ' AWUIllL a 1UI111UUL. ; Tho night wus cold and stormy , and I was sittiuy olono in my chambers in Q ray's Inn, getting up a threatrical briof , whon Western ? ' ^walkod in and niado tho abovo statement. I at onco pushed papers and programmes ncido, wheolcd him an easy chair round, and bade him unburdon his mind. 'Yon know Gipsey.' 'Why, o£ course* 1 do, Paul.' , 'You know how much I cared for that dog, ' yon know what n fund of htimour, right down ' doggish humour, ho hid boneath that blaok and wbito coat of h'a ; and as for fighting, '' for downright regular milling with tho glovos off, why ! that fox torrior hadn't his match this sido of Whit west. Tho way ho'd go and lean his ncok up against nnothcr dog's — which was his way of invitation to a sorim ' .' mnge — was porfcotly human and lovolj'. \- . And then the waya ho bad with him. 'No .? ' ' '?? ..- A°S-' eai ' ho tohimsolf, 'crosses my master's '...'. threshold.' It's truo ho permitted no dog to . ,'' ' entor my stridio ; it -was awkward at times, . -.;... . I admit. Eiirly this year when I was in ^'' '?.'.:. Croinor I took him with mo, certainly. Woll, :???.. ... he.got to look upon tho hotel whoro I stayed [V-.7- , . .. ?asbolonging to me — ns.n now kiud of ox '.';?. ?'-..' tonded studio, in faot : mav.bo ho theucrht .'?.?'?' thoro wco rather moro visitors than .??.;. ?.?????'? usual; but the otherdogs— it was tr'omcndous. ? You know, othor -people had dogs coming ,. ' with, them, naturally enough, and, '. moreover, thoro was ono lived in tho houso. Of course it was shameful to go for \- : that ono dog, but ho did. I think they com ? ? ? . . promised the matter afterwards. It was a ' ' '. big brown retriover, called Bosco, and it used ,. to fling Gipsoy round tho room liko an old slipper. But, bless you, ho liked it—ho used \- ? , to fasten himself on tho rotriever's ear liko an : ... ? ? -. earring, which grew mighty awkward for ... . ? , Bosco. Howover, thoy compromised. No 'doubt Bosco explained that ho had lived thoro ? ' 'for some yo.irs: hut tho othor (loirs. Geonro — :' it was awfull Often Ihad to leavo lunch hur ?'?? riedly, owning to a frightful racket in tho hall. I always know what it was. I always found a couplo of waiters, the boothoy, and an interested stranger trying to separate a couplo of acrobatic dogs, and ono nf tho por _.'. formers was invariably Gipsoy. Tho worst of it was I never could porsundo anybody it: was ? all humour on his part— just sheer gooi ani mal spirits, born of much exercise in racing ? ? ..over . sandy flats and inhaling too much ozone ? ' . '? ',Now look hero, Paul, I thouzht you' ' said when — —' ' Wait a minute, I must toll you thb. You -know I'vo just returned from Flanders. I couldn't well take Gipsov thora. thoueh I know he'd have given tho rest of hi* tall to have worried a poodlo. Another thing, he never hit a dog loss than himself; ho'd hurry , them into tho gutter, maybe, and. leave them ? ttaero, but ho never fought them. No, ho al ?? ways preferred ono tho size of a haystack, ;? .. something that ho couhl loap at ? ' 'Now, Paal, just pull up. You said when you camo that jou believed in ghosts, and I imagined I was going to hear some conclu ?; sivo reason or other.' His manner ohango d | \- a littles as lie s-.id, ' I will tell you now.' Westom relit his pip?, took a fow prolimi \- nary whiffs, and began. '.&. iorcnigni ago i was at surges, uoiore j -. Btartin* I had loft Gipsoy at ray unclo's I \- itouse in Kogont's Park, and it scorned that during my absenco tho dog had been in tho ? habit of visiting Hamstcad onoo a weok, whoro ho spontmnst of tho day sitting on tho ??' doorstep of my shut-up itudio ; ho always .turnodupagainatnightalittlo dejected and Tery hjmgry. Tho night before I returned . ? from Burges, 80 my vrnolo told mo aftar .. wards, the dog had sscaped from tho stuble . yard and presumably gone on his usual do ? teotivo errand to tho stndio. This timo he . . Gipsoy never roturnod. I visited tho sur- I rounding police-stations, and paid a couplo '.of visits to the Dogs Home at Battersea, butnoGipasy ovor greeted mo; lost, (stolon, ?-? or killed, I gave him up. 'Late ono dark night, as I was entering '. ' my door, something brushed hurriedly past, and then turned on me — a strange gaunt dog, that I at onco kicked out of the placo ami closed tho door upon — thon I hoard a whino. -'' Goorgo, I scarcely liko to think of it now, 'butlknew at onco why it wits so madly soratohing to got in, and when 1 opened the door, in bounded tho gaunt dog' again, poor Old Gipsoy, as thin as paper and as blaok as a broom, but so glad to see mo and so for ' giving of thoso ruthless kioks, that ho. did I not know how to testify hia joy for tho. hoxt two hours. Ho concluded no doubt that it I ?was ontiroly owing to him that I was found: j ? ' V you understand I don't for ono instant Sup . ' pose ho over dreamed that ho had been lost. .-.' No, it was I who had been lost, and l-o had ? boon working hard to. unearth mo — Isuppoao ?' dogs -do reason — ' ' '? ? ? I ?i say, vvostorn, you distinctly saia you had a ghost story, andhoro you aro winding 1 ? on ineifably about this dog.' 'All right, I am making for tho end, I only wantod to explain tho intimate relation-' ahip botweon my dog and me.' 'Never mind tho intimacy ; you told mo you'd lost your dog, njw you'vo found it again ; so lay the dog asido and call upon tho 'host.' I 'It's true,' replied my friond, gravely, I .. ' and it happened yesterday. Wo wont to I my unolo's that night, whore I am staying I atprcsont. Tho room I genorally oooupiod was being cleaned, so thoy put mo in tho . Stafford room, so o&lled; beoauso thoro is R pioturo thoro of Lord Stafford, painted by I Vandyck— a big picture, life oizo. Woll, I could not aot Giraov to leavo mo — fancied I'd get lost, again. Ho was put in- tho 8tablo with tho othor do^s, but somehow got out again and came whining and sratohing ? duteido the diiuHg-rooin windows,- lato at ?' night. 'Lot him stay in your room to-night,' eaid my aunt. I aseon'.od of course, and Gipsoy,just as pleased as Punch, caoio flying ?titmtflirft lilm i\ hutfovflv T-Tn l:w dnwn on tlio.rug by tho flro, and narrowly watohc d .mo. till I oliinbed into bod, then ho I Btretohed liimself with a contented mnilo 1 .. looked in tho blaze, so to ep'ak, aud closed .'?'. his oyoJ. I '.?:?,. 'I think I must havo slept for some timo ; : for when I awoko, iw I did with a straugo I ? . gnddounes'i, I fouud the flra long gono out :' nud tho rooitt in totil darkno.iM. I hfj.lrd t.ho .vbttU'nlock ohimo aud thenatriko threo. Somo-, I '.;;? liow I did not foel at all tileopy; thuro was a '. '.watery moon struggling through drifting .;..??' ''olouda, som'stimes making thi'ips dirnly vi«i ??? bio, sometimes plunging all in murky black :? no3s. At tho foot of tho bed was this grout , pioturo of Vandyck's. In ft fow minutes I . baciiino ' con cious that . th ro' was a tiny light gleaming on tho canvas . . ???— somo high light gloaming on tlio ^ armour, I intagined; und I thought : ' Well ' ? , if that follow Vandyck could paint his hyh ' lights liko tluit, there wainot much ohanoo for modern inon to over boat liim.' Thon all at once tho moon was hidden behind : a , , bhioker voil than usual and tho room, heenmo quite dark. I thon experienced a most uii- | ' pkasant sensation. Tho light. in tho pioture ,' had not moved. ? At the same tinio my hand ?which lay outsido'tbo coverlet, was touched by Bqmothing clammy and cold. 'For one hvicf wttioud I wiwhorrov-Mruck, ; - aud then — what do you think ? — will, I know what it win-- Iho dog's uouof 1 1 B»'y, Paul, exouso mo interrupting you, but I want to ask if ? ' But my friond ?waved asido tho interruption, and continued : ' Putting ro- hand 'outside tho coverlet ag.un, 1 found Gipsoy with his four paws resting on the bed flnil Irombling violoutly. I pitted him aud snothed him, but -how can I explain to you that I had an inntinotivo feoling that tliero was something in tho roou besides our two ooItos, an un.'iecn person by thu };ieat picture — you know it waa quito cIom to mo just at tho foot of the bed— and IlILJl fl JIM i KtliiCU WilO LliU CklllU^U .1LIIU '1)1' grown brighter, actually fluttering into n bluo plume of il«no ; and as I still looked it hnd grown longer and lighter ; and I giro you my wordofhonour, Goorgo, thoro was -i hand holding it— a long-delicato hnnd, the arm of whioh seomud omorged in tli™ dark ness of tho painting. I ;tarediu afassinatod way, waiting I supposo for what might happen noxt; all thin timo I had my hnud on tlio dog's collar, thoa I attomptod to lift him on to tho bod, and curiously enough found I could not ; strangest of all, tho ani mal eooiiied to bo making stronuousifforts to got neuror to me. It was horrible to think I was contending -with somo force that chained Gipsoy to tho floor ; anyway, I w*s obliged to desist, anil when I took lay hand away it seoniod as if ho slunk under tho bed though it sounded as if ho waa running round tho rooai — so much eo that at last X angrily oallod out ' lie down,' after which ha was quiet. ' Tnon I saw ' tho hand was fading, tho light grow gradually less till nothing wns' loft, and tho grey blaokuess filled tho room again. For a wholo hour I was speculating on that mysterious light, half bolieviug, half in doubt till I fell asleep aga.in ; for whon I ? uwoko tho sun was shining brightly and tho pbrvint knocking at tho door. I got up at on-o intoudiug to send tho dog down. I oalled and whistled, whon thoro— oh, George -?all lyii.g huddlel up inths farthest corner of tho room lay my poor dog de»d — dond. and stilt', and staring with n horrifioJ look in his faithful oyos, and his tongue black and bitten through. ' The coachman onmo up stairs and bathod Gipsoy with warm water, but what was tho use ? JSIy Undo Stuart eamo, and after breakfast I told him my strango experience of tho night, lie wont . rattier pnlo, 1 'thought and finally asked mo not to toll his wife, as ho said thero was somo idlo logend in the Stuart family, aud it might upsot her. Ho has h-«d tho picturo taken down, and tho room searchod'aud looked up. ' That is my story of the ghost and tho dog and it all happened yesterday.' . ? As wn two men eat thero with meditative nmns. w.-ihnlimirthfl firnliirht nicker amouir tho cnstles in tho coals, I suddonly be thought mo of a book I had. Somo thing in Paul's story had struok a chord of remembrance, and going to my library shoU I searched and found tho hook. It was a raro old work, ouo that I highly prized ; 'tho title-page boro tho dnto 17-1S, with the j namo : ' Tho Papistry Disproval in tho lloign of King Charles I. By Piers Geston. Im printed at tlio Allow iieli.' Turning over sevoral pages, I at la?t found what I wanted. ' Paul,' I oxclaimed, claiming his attention from a reverio, ' just listen qniutly to this : it's very strange, to gay tho least of it.' Thvn profaciug my extract with a f sw oxplan atory remarks, 1 road the following : — ' Tho ICing that night lay at Oxford with his courtiers about him, his bodyguard »ud pages in tho anto-chamber, when toward tho middle of tho night thero same a furious rinirins and a-callim;, which woko hia aeoto tary, Mr. Ashburnhan, and ft pago, who forthwith oast themaolvos into tho chamber. ' I Charles, girt with overy appoaranco of Terror demanded of them, why they havo lot any Porson pass into his room, at whioh thoy woro mucn astomoa ana aonyeu ic, caning upon tho Oaptdin of tho Watch and tho sol diers, who in liks matinor a ware no body h&d; passed thorn. ' Afterword tho King confided to Sir John Burgoiuo ho had seen tho figuro of Lord Stafford enter the room in armour such as he woro and strotoh to him his ungloved hand, nud say, ' I know how to look Death in the faco,bo ye ready too,' whereat tho King wa» by sineo Stafford was oxecu'teJ at Tower Hill on May 12, 17-11. In tho morning before thoy took horso for York thoy found, iu. the,] Kings room a dead dog lay whioh was con sidered an omen by somo.' I When I had finished reading Western asked to seo tho book, and perused the tale himself. ' That,' ho said, decisively , 'must bo the germ of tbo ' idlo legend ' my uu'ole alluded to. I novcr nuaru ui ib uciuiu. i ' Well, do you think thero is anything in I it?' — ' What can I' say? Aro thoro not Btrango instincts, Btrango presentments ) and warnings in this world of ours to thoso j that heed them— is it not a straugo coinci dence that my Cousin Charlie Stuart gave mo that dead dog beforo ho joined his regi ment in India? Now I understand my unclo's uneasiness lest I should havo told tho story to tho mother, who idolizes him. Do you ro morabpr reading in ono of the London papers somo fow years ago, whon tho question of warningswas iuootod, tho story of tho Scotch family to whom a black dog always appeared when death threatened a member of tho family, or tho moro famous logond of tho ' drummor'a tatoo,' and how a lady, a stran ger newly arrived at tho castle, mentioned to her hostess at dinner tho strange musio ehe linA linnwl nliirinre linnnfttll ilfir -window no sho dressed, the consternation of those git ;at» j that know tho family legond, tho swuouing of the hostess, and the tidings of a sou's death iu a foreign land ? I holiovo thero aro warn ings to thoso who heoJ thorn in howover strange a guise thoy may bo brought to us,' | and thon Paul 'Western got up aud after lighting his onoraious pipo. sallied out iuto tne nignt, ana x was ioic aionc in my cnam bors, round which tho rats raced, and I tho faces of dead men looked at mo .from tho walla, for I could not all at onco divest my self of tho story I had heard whon my ey«a foil on tho pictured portraits with which my room was filled. — P. M. Budget. . \ 