WHOSE WAS THE HAND ? Br Miss Braddon. Chapter XIX. — Daiht's Diary. when I was a child, and even last summer, I used to think a July day could not be too long, provided, of course, that July behaved as July, and ono could bask in tbo sunshine on the lawn or on tho river, and cool ono's self in tho shade of willows in mysterious backwaters, where the sedges aro full of bloom and tho lilies lio in a tangle of loveliness, lifting their milk white chalices to tho worm blue sky. This year I find I am growing old, and that wo can have too much oven of July, a monotony of loveli ness that preys upon ono's spirits, a perpetual sunshine that irritates one's nerves. I havo only latoly discovered what it is to havo nerves ; and since I made that discovery I seem to bavo nothing but nerves. Mother asked mo yesterday what had become of my sweet temper. She hardly recoguiscd her daughter of a year ago in tho fretful young per son of to-day. "Was I ovor sweet tempered? I asked myself woudoringly. I kuow I am very unamiablo now. I was snappish to my dear, old Broomfield this very morning. I snatched my white frook out of her hand while she stood shilly-shallying and prosing about it iu her dear- old rambling way, debating whether it was or was not fresh enough for me to wear. "What does it matter?" I cried impationtly. " There is nobody to seo my frock." "Nobody, Miss Daisy, when Mr. Cyril is marching up and down by tho boat house at this very moment waiting tor you ?" "Cyril is nobody, a fiauco doesn't count," said L "Don't ho, Miss? It was different in my time. A young woman always took pains with herself when sho had someone to walk out with." " And you used to walk out with all sorts of people, I believe, you dear old flirt," said I, for one of my earliest memories is of Broomlleld's long Btorics about soldiers and shop boys who paraded the London parks with her in hor pre vious services. "I always had admirers, Miss Daisy, but I kuew how to keep them at arm's length," she answered with dignity. "A young person iu service in Loudon must havo a respectable young man to walk out with, or she would never get a breath of fresh air." "Ob, you cruel Broomfield, to think of the shoe leather your viotims must have worn out, you meaning nothing all the time." "Lor, Miss, they're used to it, and it only serves them right," said Broomfield. "They're all as artful as they're high, aud they've always nn eye to a young woman's Post Office Savings Bank book." I encouraged the dear old thing to prattle in this fashion while Bho fastened my whito cambric frock, and I forgot poor Cyril, who had been loafing about for the lost hour waiting for me. I am afraid I am getting tired of tho Thames. I am afraid I am developing a horrid, inconsistent, capricious charactor. How odd it is that one may go on adoring a placo for years, and then weary of it suddenly, in one week of blazing July weather. I hope it is only a temporary weariness, caused by that very hot weather. Fountainhead shows its usual dismal aspect of closed shuttors and blinds drawn down. Mr. Florestan came in a meteor-like manner at tho beginning of last week ; took tea with mother on Tuesday afternoon while I was miles and miles up the river with Cyril, yawning myself to doath over a silly novel, while he threw his fly for trout, and seemed to do nothing but entanglo his line in the willows. "When I went down to dinner that evening mother informed me that Mr. Florestan had done me the honor to inquire about my health — ns if I were ever ill— and furthermore that he was to leave Fountainhead early next morning on his way to Sootland, whore he was to spend the whole of August and September. I felt inclined to hate Scotland. "How will Paris get on without him? I'm afraid there'll be a revolution, or at least an imevitc," I remarked, flippantly. I have noticed in myself lately that whan I foel as if my heart were made of lead I am always inolinod to bo flippant. Why should my hoart be heavy ? "Why, oh, why ? Cyril is so frank, so clever in his own bright, boyish way, so altogether what a young man ought to be, and yet I am not satisfied. | There is a terrible sense of failure and a lifo gone wrong always gnawing at my heart. Mother began to talk to me yesterday about my trousseau, but I begged her not to mention tho odious thing for ages. My drawers and armoircs and hanging olosots are stuffed with olothes of all kinds, and how can I want more ? True, that I never seem to have the right kind of. gown to wear for any given occasion; but I beliovo that is a peculiarity of all wardrobes, nnd I daresay if I had tho most magnificent trousseau I should find before my honeymoon was ovor that I must refuse really tompting invitations for want of appropriate raiment. All this is idle beating about the bush of my discontent. I am engaged to be married, and I shrink with actual aversion from the mere thought of the future life I have pledged myself to lead. I liko my lovor with a very oordial liking, and I am happy and at ease in his com pany so long as he does not remind mo that he is my lover, and that he expects very soon to bo my husband. When he does remind me of that odious fact I almost hate him ; just as I hate the July weather, and the river, aud the gardens, and myself most of nil. Oh, it is suoh a dreadful thing to know one- self beloved by a good and true heart liko Cyril's, and not to be able to give one's wholo heart in return. If it wore not for this good old stupid diary I believe I should go out of my mind. It eases my heart a little to soribble about my thoughts and feelings. I could not talk even to my dear mother as I can talk to this book. I wonder Mr. Florestan did not stay one day longer at Fountainhead, just to see us all again, and to tell us the latest news of Paris. Boor mother has anxieties of her own, and it would be cruel to plague her with mino, even if I could bring myself to talk about my trouble, which I am sure I could not. She is very anxious about Unole Ambrose, and I don't won der. He is in very bad health, and I fear that his mental health is in question, and that seems more hopeless and more full of alarm for tho future than any bodily ailment. Ho came back to River Lawn reluctantly ; and I have seen him change for the worse day by day since we came hero. He spends all his studious hours in the old cottage, sitting in tho library where he lias all his choicest books, and where ho did so much good work in past years. But even in his studious hours ho is restless, and coracs back to this houso evory now and thon in a capricious, purposeless way, just to say a few words to mother, or to wander about the garden for a few minutes, and to Btnnd looking dreamily at tho river, as if ho had had some reason for leaving his books and coming across tho road, and had forgotten it on the way. He will not admit that he i3 ill, nor will he consent to oonsult a physioian, though mother has urged him to see any one of the great men in whom everybody believes. Ho declares that he has never in his lifo consulted a doctor on hia own account, and that he is too old to begin. " I remember a sleek, white haired gentleman, with gold rimmed spectacles, who felt my pulse and looked nt my tongue every day for a fort night, when I had the measles," he said, "and who dosed me with nauseous medicine three times a day, and with nightly powders. He gave me a poor opinion of the faculty, which I havo never been able to outlive." It is all very well for him to make light of his ailments, aud to refuse all advico, but I know he is ill, and very ill He has a nervous irrita bility at times which makes him altogether unlike the Uncle Ambrose of old ; and some thing happened tho other day which makes me fear that his nerves aro in a worse condition than even mother suspects, anxious though sho is about him. I was dawdling in tho hall after playing tennis all the morning with Cyril, who really is quite the finest;. player I know. I was examining my rackot before I put it in tho stand, and was almost hidden by one of the oak pillars, which stood between mo and tho library- door. The garden door opened while I wns standing there, and Unclo Ambrose camo into tho hall looking whiteand weary, as ho so often looksnow. Ho opened the door of my father's old study, expeotingtofind my mothor thorc. " Clara," ho said, as he opened tho door. She was not there, and the room was empty. He - stood upon the threshold motionless for somo moments — for some minutes it seemed ti me as I watched him standing there, rigid as s stone fizurc, staring into the empty room — ther ho gave a groan of agony, staggered back into tlio hall, and sank into a chair, and sat then languid almost to fainting, wiping the per spiration from his forehead. I could sec hit hand tremble ns he drew his handkerchief ouf of his coat pocket. I came from behind the pillar, and ran to him. Ho gave a cry at sight of mo just as if 1 had been a ghost. I offered to get him some brandy, but he Bnid there was no occasion. He had only suffered from a sudden faintness, which had come over him as he opened the librory door. "Don't tell your mother," he said, "it would only alarm hor causelessly." "But sho ought to know," I told him. "Indeed, iudccd, indeed, Unclo Ambrose, you must consult somo clever physician. You must not go ou any longer liko this." " "Woll, child, I will consult a physician, if my submission upon that point will make you and your mother any happier ; although I can tell you beforehand that no doctor in London — not tho whole College of Physicians — can do any good for me. Tho evil I suffer from is purely nervous, and no doctor has yet fathomed the mystory of tho nerves, any more than any theologian has fathomed the mystery of the worlds that lie behind this lifo or in front of it." I took hi3 hand in mino and found it as cold as ice, and tbo perspiration kopt starting out afresh upon his forehead. His wholo being seemed oonvulscd aud shattered. I had hoard of catalopsy, and I could but think that he was in a cataleptic state during those minutes in which he stood on tho threshold of the library. " If you will promise to go up to London to morrow with mother to see a dootor I will not tell hor anything about this attack to-day," I said; " but if you refuse I must toll her." " Haven't I said that I will do anything to please you and your mother, Daisy ?" He kept his word, and mothor and ho went off to Cavendish-square, and my cousins from Harloy-streot came down for a long day ai tonnis, I can only say that it was a long day. The interval between lunch and tea was a Fucifio Ocean of time. I thought the blessed break of afternoon tea would never come ; but tho tea kettle appeared at la$t, and mother and her husband came home soon after. She know I was almost ns anxious as herself, and she told me all the doctor had said. It did not scein to amount to much, but no doubt it was comforting. All the wisdom of Cavendish- square might be summed up under three heads— a judicious diet, as per half page of note paper filled with tho great man's writing— less intellectual work — and bromide of potussium. The diet was the most important point, accord ing to tho physioian, and I suppose he was right, and that an injudicious helping of Ayles bury duck may havo beeu the causo of that strango seizure at. the door of my father's old den. Cyril took his father's illness rathor lightly. I told him of the attack, though I said not one word about it to mother. " Aly father is paying the penalty of having no fixed purpose or pursuit in life ; he is suffer ing from too much money and too much metaphysics. Ho has a brain capable of botter work than he has ever done, and he is beginning to suffer from wasted energies." " But he has written books that have mado their mark in the most intellectual circles," said I. " Yes, and therefore books, that tho British publio don't care twopence about — books that interrogate everything and solve nothing — books that leave us not one hair's breadth farther ad vanced towards the comprehension of tho three groat mysteries of matter, life and mind than Aristotle nnd Plato left us three hundred and fifty years bofore the birth of Christ." " Somo of tho reviows said that your father's book marked a new era in philosophy," said L "My dear Daisy, philosophy is like the sea. The waves rise and fall, and change their formr every hour ; but tha shore is always at exactly tho same distance from mid ocean." I felt that it seemed hard upon Undo Am brose that tho son should make so light of the labors of thb father's life time. Oh, I am wioked, desperately wicked, steeped to tho lips in falsehood and dishonor. I ought never to havo listened ; I ought to have silenced him in tho first momonts as I silencod him at Inst. He is too honorable a man to have insisted upon speaking had I been firm. But the orisis of my life came upon me suddenly. Thoso impassioned words took me unawares, and I longed so to hear all he had to say. I wanted so muoh to know the seoret ot his heart, though that heart could never bo mine. Gilbert Florestan had not gone to Scotland, after all. "When I awoke yesterday morning I thought of him far away in Argyloshire. I piotured the barren heathery hills, russet and palest green under the baking July sky, as Flora and Dora — who go everywhere — havo often des cribed them to mo ; and I thought how much nioer thoso wild hills abovo the Kyles of Bute must bo than our pretty little toy shop river with its willowy oyots, which look as if ono could hold them in the hoUow of one's hand. I folt suoh a longing for Sootland yesterday morning, almost as if I were homo sick for a oountry I had never seen. I began to think I must have a Scottish anoestor hidden in some corner of tho family tree. All our fanoies and vagaries are put down to heredity nowadays, and certainly yesterday morning I felt Scotoh blood seething and bubbling in my veins. But he was not hi Scotland. Mother had misunderstood him about tho date of his journey, or else he had changed his mind. At any rate ho had only gono to London to seo about guns and fishing taoklo for tho autumn ; and there he was yesterday morning at II o'olock coming suddenly botween mo and the light, as I sat reading alone in tha summer houso in tha shrubbery. Cyril had loft us by an early train for a two days' visit to a Manor House near Guildford, in religious observance of one of thoso collega friendships whioh young men esteem so highly. His friond had telegraphed to him urgently, "Come," and ho went; having carefully ascer tained first that I did not mind. How I wish I had minded more. I folt a senso of relief when I saw him drive away from the gate, nnd yet I was dull without him. I missed his cheerful society, which gener ally makes thought impossible, and I sat think ing deeply in tho stillness of the shrubbery, where there were no birds singing any more it seomed. I had books, work, a little sketch block and color box, ample means tor .employ ment or amusement ; and yet I sat idly thinking, idly dreaming and pioturing a lifo that was not the life I had pledged myself to lead. In tho midst of theso vain and foolish dreams, ho whoso imago hnd mixed itself with all ol them stood suddenly before mo. I looked up and saw him standing there, mute and serious. My guilty conscience sent the blood up to my faoe in a great wave of crimson. I could not speak, nor I think could he just at first. "I thought you wero in Scotland," I said at last, and I really felt as if it was a brilliant remark. Ho explained, and the sound of our voices having mado us both just a little more at our ease, ho sat down in tho only empty chair, and took up my books, ouo by one, and looked at their titles. " How learned you are," he said. " Cousin, Spinoza, Rcid ; I did not think that little girls troubled their curly heads about philosophy." "I am not a little girl," I answered, huffed at this impertinence, "and philosophy is my Uncle Ambrose's favorite subject. Ho taught me all I know, and I like to read tho subjects that inte rest him." "Havo you read much this morning?" ho asked, looking mo straight in the face, with a cruelly deliberate scrutiny. Again tho hot blood rushed up to my checks and brow, and I felt that he muBt know by my wretched blushes that I had not read a word ; thatl hnd just given ovor my heart and my mind to uttorly foolish thoughts of him; profitless thoughts of what might have beon if I had not engaged myself to Cyril that day at Torcello, and if he, Gilbert Florestan, hadhappened to carejusc a little for me. Could any day dreams bo wilder or more unbecoming a girl with the slightest notion of self respect? I folt thatl had degraded myself by my own folly, and that I was hardly worthy to live. "Havo you read much this morning?" ha asked again, provokingly persistent. "Not very much." "If you were liko me you would not hnva read half a dozen consecutive lines. I have not been ablo to read properly for many weeks. An imago comes dancing along tho printed lines an-1 dazzles mo ; liko that spectrum of the sun wo eeo upon the page of a book after wo have looked at the sun himsolf. I have been no good for intellectual work for over so long, Miss Hatrell." It was a rolief whon he called me 5Ii.i3 Hatred, for I had boon trembling lost ho should call mo Daisy. It was a relief to find him properly ceremonious ; but I did not know how brief tho respite was to be, and how soon he was going to shatter the citadel of my self respect. Ho 'lookod at all tho books again, re-arranged them methodically on tho tablo, took up my sketch block, and looked criticady at tho half-finished skotch of a group of syca more by tho bend in tho opposite shore. I don't, suppose ho recognised them, though ho must have known tho originals from his boyhood. I took my little bit of embroidery out of my basket. It was one of my numerous beginnings in a new stylo of work, whioh don't ofton go bo- yond tho preliminary stsgo. I threadod my needlo carefully with silk of tho wrong iolor, and began a bit of a soroll. Every stitch bad to come out whon I took up my work again this morning. I don't scorn to havo known what color I Was using. "Miss Hatred," ho said at last, "whon is this marriage to be ? " I concluded that ho must mean my marriage, though ho put his question rather vaguely. "I don't know. There is no dato fixed yet. Not for ages, perhaps." " Ages in a young lady's vocabulary gcnorally mean weeks. There is no dato fixed? But tho marriage is fixed, I suppose. Thero is no doubt as to that ?" " No," I answered resolutely. "Thero is no doubt; there never has been any doubt; there is no room for doubt." "You havo never felt tho slightest inclination to withdraw your promiso. Such things have been done, you know, and in all honor. Better to discover now than later that your heart is not wholly given to your jianca ; better for you, happier for him. It is not an honorable aot to marry a man you do not love, only bocauso you havo proraisod rashly." " I havo promised, and I moan to keep my word," I answered, stdl resolute ; and now the crimson flush, tho fiory heat of that fiorco shame had cooled, and I could feel from the faint sickness of my sinking heart that I must have turned deadly pale. "I havo many reasons for being true to my promise whioh you cannot know— motives of gratitude, motives of affection. I am not romantically in lovo with my jiancf. I don't think there are many romantic marriages in our day. Girls have grown more sensible. Thoy no longer take their ideas of lifo from Byron and Moore." I knew that I was rattling on in a most ridi culous way ; but I felt constrained to talk. It was my only means of hiding my confusion, a kind of cuttle fish vivacity, by whioh I hoped to hide my thoughts in a cloud of words. Mr. Florestau leant his arm3 upon tho table whore my books and work were scattered, and watohod my faco earnestly while I spoko, as if be was reading tho thoughts behind all my foolish babble. " You are not romantically in lovo with your /ufur," he repeated slowly, " but you havo pro. mised to be his .wife, and you mean to keep your promise. You are pcrfoctly contonted with your lot. I think that is the gist of what you havo just said to me, Miss Hatrell. That is what you mean." "Yes," I answered stiffly, " that is what I mean," "Thon I ean only ask you to pardon my im pertinent questioning, and wish you good bye," ho said, rising Blowly, and taking his hat, whioh ho had put upon tho bench beside him. "I shall go to Sootland to- night. " He hold out his band, and I gavo him raino without a word. I wonder which was the colder. I thought of Mrs. Browning's simile of tho stone In tho brook. Ah ; if my hand could havo lain in tho hollow of his comfortably, as his possession, with what wild happiness this hoart would havo beaten. IVo parted so, with a most admirable gravity. Sir Charles Grandison and Miss Byron could not havo bchavod any bettor in a similar situation. And thon, all at onco, as I heard his footstep grinding the gravel, Satan got hold of me and I ran after him. I did more than run. I flew. He was walking very fast, and I only caught him within a few paoos of the gate, whioh opens out of tho shubbery into the road oloso to his own domain. " Mr. FloreBtan," I gasped, too breathless to say more. He turned and faoed me, still with that Grandisonian gravity. " I hope you are not angry with me," I said, inanely. " Angry ! What right have I to be angry?" returned he. "I ventured, perhaps over boldly, to ask a question. You havo answered it frankly, and there iB an end. Whatover hope led me to you this morning is a hope that has vanished. Nothing less than tho knowledge that you are unhappy in your engagement to Mr. Arden would justify mo in telling you what I might toll if honor would allow. Oh, Daisy, Daisy," ho oried, clasping my hands, and changing in ono instant from Sir Charles Grandison to the most animated and impassioned of men, " why do you tempt roe to say what were better unsaid— if — if you have really mado up your mind. Don't trifle with mo; don't fool mo. Oh, I think I understand you. I know what women are, even tho best of them. You aro going to marry Cyril Arden, but you would liko, just for sport, to know how hard hit I am. Very hard hit, Daisy. The arrow has gone home to its mark, and it is a poisoned dart that will leave its venom in tho wound for many and many a year. Is it not a pleasure, my sweet one, to know that in making ono man happy you will mako another man miserabio ?" "No, it is not a pleasuro ; and I am utterly wretched," I said ; and as tho tears were rolling down my cheeks ho could not help believing rac. Ho took me in his arms and held mo to his heart, and kissed my forehead and my hair — kissed me, Cyril's promised wife— and I let him, out of sheer misery. I was too completely broken down with woo to mako a good fight for honor. " Dear love, break this foolish engagement ; scatter your precipitato vows to tho winds. It will he bottor for everybody— for Arden, whom you don't oaro about, for me who adoro yon, and even for your sweet, sweot self, whoso heart heats throb for throb with mine — liko tho rival engines which will bo racing to Scotland through the summer night, ono of them carrying mo away from you !" I had recovered my senses by this time, and wrenohed myself from his arms. " How cruel of yon to take such advantgo of my helplessness," I sai I, trying to smooth down the fluffy curls upon my poor ill-used forehead; " Sir Charles wouldn't havo done such a thing." " Sir Charles !" he echoed, doubtless thinking me mad. " I am very sorry that I was so foolish as to follow you," I said. "Thero was really no reason for my doing such an absurd thing. Only I wished to part friends." " That means you are obdurate to both your victims. You will marry Arden — not caring a straw for him — and you will break my heart, caring perhaps just a little more than a straw for me." " You are very impertinent for making such a suggestion," I said, with all tho hautour I could summon to my voice and countenance, and it is very difficult for a girl of my disposition to summon any. The fairy who ought to have supplied mo with feminiue dignity and proper sclf-rcspect must cortainly have taken offence at my ohristening, for I feel myself lamentably deficient in those qualities, and I really think tho want of them is worso than a spindle through one's hand. "Worao than a spindle. Worso than an after dinner nap of a century. What if 1 were to sleep for a hundred years and' Gilbert Florestan were to wako me, "in that new world which is the old." Ah, why havo wo no fairies now ? Why has life no sweet surprises ? Why has ovcrythingin my life gone wrong ? He did not notice my reproach. " Is there no hope, Daisy ?" ho asked, pro nouncing my name as if ho had never been accustomed to address me-by any othor. "I havo told you that I mean to be true to my promise," I said. "I am ashamed of myself for having given you tho idea that I could possibly waver. Good-bye, once more, and a pleasant journey to Argjloshiro." I did not oiler to shako hands with him again. It would have seemed absurd after his awful conduct three minutes before. I turned and ran back to tho arbor as fast as over I could go, and I opened tho driest and most pessimistio of tho books upon my table, and read and read and read for an hour and a half, till mother came to look for me, and to toll mo that tho luncheon gong had sounded ever so long ago. I shut my book with a bang, and went meekly back to tlio house with the dear mother, and I had not the least little bit of notion what I had been rending, except like Hamlet's book tbat it was "words, words, words." I hated myself as I had never hnted myself before, though I havo ever been kconly alivo to my own hatcfulncss, to my hideous propensity for doing or saying tho worst things on overy possiblo occasion. To-day self-scorn was sharp as an acute bodily pain, as a raging toothache, for instance, or a gnawing rheumatism. Why had I so betrayed myself, why had I gono out of my way to let him see that I lovo liira, and that my fldofity to Cyril is only maintained by a struggle. That while I was dismissing him and liia lo -o as a hopoloss caso, I was ready to throw myself iu his arms and say, "Let us go to Sootland together, lot us bo married by tho blacksmith of Gretna Green ; if thoro is any such porson as tho blaoksmith, or any such place as Gretna Green left 'for true lovers in this unromantic age. " I felt that he would novor moro have a good or proper opinion of 1110. I folt that if ho had had a sister turn out liko mo ho would have con sidered her a disgrace to tho family, I was more completely miserable than I had ever boon since tlioso weary days at Wcstgate-on-Sea, when tho misery of my father's doath was a now thing, and wbon I was parted from my mother. A kind of helplessness and a dull aching sonso of degradation had taken hold of me ; and the worst of nil was that for the first timo in my lifo I dared not confide in my mother. Wo sat op posite each other at tho luncheon table, neither of us oaring to eat ; sho low- spirited about my step-father, who was buried in his book room over at the cottage, I dumb and despairing. When the silence was at last broken it was That dear mother of mine who broke it in just the way whioh of all others jarred upon my irritated nerves. " Daisy, " sho said, " it is absolutely necessary to arrive at somo definite idea about your marriage. Cyril has been pleading with mo very earnestly, poor fellow. He is tired of liis solitary existonoe in chambers; tired of bnoholor amusements. Ha is really very fond of you, and i10 wants to begin his domestic lifo." And then sho went on in her sweet, tender way, which brought tho tears' into my eyes, to remind mo that, though very young, I am no younger than she was when sho cast in lior lot with .iny father, and to tell mo again, . as she has so often told me, how completely happy her wedded life was. Tho moro she said about that perfect union tho moro miserable I folt, until at last tho tears rolled down my cheeks, and my hand kerchief bocamo a moro wet rag, and I felt that if I was liko any bride at all it was tho Mourn ing Bride in somebody's play, of. whom all I know is that lior oxistonce gavo occasion for a much quoted line about musio, and an over praised descriptive passage about a temple. " Do you tliink you could mako np your mind to be married in tlio autum, Daisy?" mother askod, at last. I believe she took my tears to be only the ex pression of a general soft lieartcdness — there are Bomo girls whose eyes brim over at a tender word — and not as indieativo of sorrow, for sho asked tho quostiou qui to cheerfully. " Which autumn?" inquirod I. "This coming autumn, naturally." "Why, mother, that would be directly." "No, dearest, we aro only in July. Suppose wo wore to fix upon October for tho wedding. That would give us throe months for your troussoau. All othor tilings aro ready. Your charming rooms in Gro3vcnor-squarc, and at least half this house. Your step-father and I will be over-housed even then; especially as Ambrose does not love this place, and would like to travel during some part of every year." " Yes, thero is room enough for us all," I said; "and as for tho trousseau, I don't care a straw about it. You have dressed mo so well all my life that I never hunger for now clothes. It is only tho badly dressed girls who ore eager for wedding finery." " Leave tho trousseau to me, then, Daisy," said mother, " and I will take care that it is worthy of the dearest girl in the world. I may toll Cyril that ho shall begin his now lifo bef ore the end of Ootobor, may I not ?" " Tell him just what you like, mother," I answered, with a heart as heavy as lead. " You. must be thebest judgo of what is right." I loft her a fow minutes afterwards to go back to the garden. I folt a restlossncss which made it impossible for mc to stay in tho house, a perpetual fever and worry which seomcd a part of the heavy burden that weighed on my spirits. And, h, I find been so happy, so happy in that very garden only a year ago. I want to do what is right. If I mado a mistako about my own feelings at Torcollo, it is not right that anothor should suffer for my thoughtlessness and folly. I gavo my promise far too lightly. It never occurred to me how solemn a thing it is to pledge one's love for n lifetime. I was rattier pleased to bo engaged, to havo Cyril for my own properly ; and whenovcr doubtings or questionings arose in ' my mind I told mysolf that as time wont on, and wo grow older, I should grow moro and more attached to him, being really very fond of him, in a sisterly kind of way, to begin with. Only when wo were leaving Paris did I discover how dreadfully I had misread my own heart ; for then only did I know what lovo — such lovo as mother felt for her sweetheart — really means. It was just in one moment, in that parting at the station, that tho dreadful truth flashed upon mo. Oh, tho heartache of part ing, the look in his oyos whioh soemod to plead for pity, to urgo mo to be bravo, and cast off the protcnco of lovo and own boldly to tho reality. Ho was not openly dishonorable ; ho waited for me to break my bonds. Ho could not know how Btrongly I was bound in gratitudo and family love, as well as in honor, to Cyril. Nobody except mother and I ean ever know how much I owo to Unclo Am brose. No, thoro is no possibility of revoking my promiso, and Cyril is all that is good and true, and I daresay my life will bo vory happy with him. I have but to forgot thoso two short wcoks in Paris, and this morning in the arbor, and his fdeo when he left mc. Not muoh surely to forgot, seeing bow much women "do forget nowadays ; seeing how quickly mothors forget their lost children, and sons and daughters their parents, and the most sorrowful widows the husbands thoy onco adored. Forgctfulncss must bo easier than it seems to one, whilo memory is still fresh. I went back to the house, too restless to stay long anywhere, and on my way to the hall door I was Btartled by a most hateful apparition in tho person of that odious Frenchman who attacked me iu Church-strcet, and who sooms to have interwovon himself with our lives by his persistent appeals to my stop -father's charity. I know how kind and soft hearted Unclo Ambroso is ; and yot I should havo given him orodit for more firmness of mind than to allow himsolf to bo hunted down by a no'er-do-wool of this kind. 'The man was coming from tho gate towards the ball door whon wo mot face to face, and ho looked considerably abashed at en countering mc. " Ah, you may well feel ashamed of yourself," I said, indignantly. "Yds, I am tho lady you had tho audacity to waylay in the street when you wore tipsy." "You aro Miss Hatrell," he faltered, looking an absolute craven. "Yes, I am Miss Hatrell. "What do you want at my mother's house? "I want to soo — my employer— your step father." He said those two words, " my employer," in a most detestable manner, implying contempt for tho man for whom ho had worked, and by whom he had no doubt been liberally paid. "Mr. Arden is over the way, at his cottage," I said. " You can go to him thero if you like. You will not bo admitted into my mother's house." Ho looked at mo from head to foot with a very insolent expression, but as his eyes met raino his countonaneo changed suddenly, and there was moro of fear than of insolence in his look. His color faded to a sickly pallor, and ho turned on his heel abruptly, muttering some thing which I did not hear. Ho walked quickly back to tho gate and went out, and tho shrug of his shoulders as ho swung tho gate open might mean anything in the world. My boudoir window overlooks the lane, and I saw him nearly an hour afterwards leave tho cottage. He lookod both angry and crestfallen ; and I fancy Unclo Ambrose had not proved so amonablo as the applicant bad expected. I wonder whethor he had mentioned our meeting in Ciuirch-streot this time. I think not. Tho part he played in that encounter would scarcely recommond him to my atop-fathor's gonc- rosity. (To be continued.) 