ECHOES FROM THE SMOKING ROOM. IBl A gCfiIBBLEB.1 We have much, to be thankful for. The Smoking-Rooni traditions speak in awe of a serious man who was ^ not only patriotic, and therefore valuable as a curiosity, but who watched the manoeuvrings of politicians in a certain Australian Assembly ' during five sessions, and still did not become cynical or sceptical, or try to steal his neighbours' firewood on the sly,. But when he had endured part of the sixth session that man gave up at the same time the unequal struggle and the, ghost. The alternative to death seemed in hm fancy to be contempt for, distrust of, and disbelief in almo6t everybody. ; Before he finally departed he eaw con tinually in his troubled dreams long files of public men with axes to grind, and an endless procession' of people in the peculiar shapes of the grind stones for those axes. That spectacle affected his head. He became top weak minded even to mingle with politicians. A meek man may endure a prolonged serenade upon an asthmatic street organ, and still continue to be a consistent though sorely tempted Christian ; a strong man may sustain the dire tribulation of twenty minutes' consecutive conversa tion by telephone, and come out of the ordeal with some shreds of self-respect and sanity, even though the atmosphere should be sulphurous and the hoar-frost of worry should have prematurely whitened his hair ; but it is harder for a loafer to pass a post without leaning against it, or for a boy to watch a football match without yelling, or for a woman to sit in Church without criticising her neighbours' bonnets, than for a man who is proprietor of the average stock of human nature to closely study things political, and still possess the capacity to look out artlessly upon the world with an unsuspicious eye, and not try to trick anybody or even be mistrustful of the motives of most of his fellows. In these remarks, of course, . South Australia is excepted. How thankful we ought to be, and — how proud ! In the judgment of a cynic the most gt'wi*py trick in all the Parliamentary prestidigitation exhibited throughout the colonios save South Australia is the ordi nary No- Confidence Illusion. Accepting as a postulate the statement that— given personal truthfulness and reasonable deci sion of character— one Ministry is about as good as another, and that luck and opportunity count for a great deal, you may take as a corollary of that tho assur ance that any session in which much business has been done is a session in which the Opposition has neither by bold direct assault — which is plucky — nor by worrying attack through the medium ? of misguided insignificant members put up to ask perky questions — which is mean — prevented anything from being done. This is the rule, with the ordinary proportion of exceptions. Informed upon those points, you would be able — if you were in the other colonies, and not in quiet South Aus tralia — to watch the funny performance with an increased interest. You would see the., man whom Opposition caucuses had chosen to bo the executioner of a Ministry begin to attend the Houso with less irregularity. You would notice him gradually assert himself more and more, until by much private practice he had become at last able to announce, without a blush and as if lie really meant it, that in attacking the opposite party he was doing what the interests of the country suggested to him ; and that if ho studied his own convenience and his own monetary concerns he would not do it at all. That is part of tho stago 'gag.' When a gentleman reachcB that point he is a thorough expert in presenting peculiar Parliamentary phantasmagorias. Such an actor has generally deve loped also an impressive suavity of manner and a mechanical smile — whose sweetness surpasses tho sweetness of honey — acquired whilstj coaxing novices to help him as lay figures in that show by which tho public, who pay to see the performance, are beguiled. That smile becomes so habitual that it sticks to its owner, all sweet things being sticky, as steadfastly as the limping gait remains with a man who has followed the plough and kept one foot in the furrow in his early years. Besides these lay figures, most Parliamentary leaders have, like the Cheap Jacks in another branch of the pro fession, a ' Sprightly'— a sycophant who hopes to be a Cheap Jack himself some day, and meantime docs the more unplea sant work for his principal. In politics his duty is to beg of members, to pray of members, to grovel to members, to flatter members, to threaten members, to do anything and everything to and for members, so that they may be induced to join in the sport of following his leader. If lie is an old member, he is untiring in his offers of assistance to and in his cajolery of the new men ; and whilst thus engaged he bears a singular resemblance to the fabled fox that applied with tears in its eyes for the position of night nurse to a brood of succulent young goslings. His pay is usually in the shape — if the 'takings' are good; if the game succeeds — of a subordinate place in the Cabinet; or a covete;! seat upon a Commission ; or the support of the new Government in some special hobby; or consideration towards friend or relation or useful constituent when a Justice of the Peace has to bo inflicted upon a township, and when certain other appointments have to bo made ; or a pro mise to supply a particular local want for his district. Whatever tho reward may be it is earned by downright hard work, for the drudgery which has to be done before the victorious party, wilh mud stained uniforms, arc ablo to announce the capture of the last reluctant supporter who represented the majority of the other sido, is more fatiguing than the toils of a book agent undertaking the task of selling all the latest fashionable waltzes to a wooden-legged family, or popular songs to a mute, or a musical-box to a dumb man. Oh ! it is a peculiarly petty game this petty game of politics — Yes, in tho other colonies ; I wrote that before. Still, in the face of all opponents, I will maintain that it is more manly, even at. its worst, than the exciting fun of pelting stones at a blind dog. When we reflect that such things as these are true of other parts of tho Queen's dominions we are able the better to appreciate the blessed privi leges which we enjoy in our exemp tion from so great misfortunes in South Australia. Even here, however, some people speak of party wrangles, and. characterize as child's play the actions which accompany them, but those people are people only incompletely informed. There is no play about a political crisis. A costermonger'8 donkey does not work harder than an ambitious man who in the unsullied Parliament of South Australia undertakes to persuade the House that it is in the higli interests of the country that lie should take £1,000 a year from some other man who at present receives it. And, supposing there is child's play, why should child's play be condeinnable in politics ? It would be far more en gaging than the game called tactics ; much more appropriate than donkey-play. The public men of to-day were the children of awhile ago, though we often forget that fact. Mr. Tomkinson very likely played marbles— always 'keeps;' you may depend upon tlint; carried around a Guy Fiiwkcs on each eventful Fifth of November, and sang 'Guy Fawkc8 Guy' for ha'pence, thf while objecting because the half pence were not whole-pence. Premier Playford doubtless was danced upon his elder's knees in that sportsmanlike old British pastime of 'Rido-a-cock-hor-cfo Bnnbury Cross. '' President Ayers stiffened his muscles at leap-frog ; Speaker Coles caressed an indiarubbor. doll; Knight ^Downer bestrode wooden steeds in tho* nursery before he. ever dreamt of riding the high horse in Par liament ; and Dr. Cockburn gave an earnest of those political peculiarities which were to mako him famous by flying gaudy-coloured kites, with many divers tails, which caused the birds of the air to marvel, and the sun's eye to blink. A young reporter once laid down tho mafim that a written description should iilV&ys; approximate in bulk to tho object described— that if you wrote a column about an oil-painting which is small you should writo a pago about a haystack which is big. Guided by that principle the work of our Assembly during the last two years could bo portrayed in two lines, whilst the talk when placed upon paper in small typo weighs about sovon pounds and a half avoirdupois. That is tho only scalo upon which the weight of most of this debating can bo estimated. Thero has been no luck about 4he House since that miserable day in ?Tune when tho last Play ford Government were defeated. If it had not been for Mr. Schcrk even more would have been said and even less would have been done . since then. Mr. Schork, who is no party man greedily ambitious, and who never allows himself to bo used as a tool by political malcontents, has saved many hours of useless badgering and of inconse quential chatter by patiently awaiting his opportunity and then moving — 'That tho Committee do now divide.' He must have proposed that quite a hundred times this session, and if he should do it a hundred times more the grateful public might well arise and call him blessed. This is not the place in which schemes of politics should be discussed; but whilst hearing talk about single-member dis tricts one cannot help calculating what a remarkable change we might see if every representative had not a colleague. Very few colleagues are there in the House who are entirely trustful of each other, and who do not watch keenly, so that no advantage may bo taken which the con stituents may noto. Did you over, for example, remember Mr. Solomon to speak or ask a question about tho Northern Territory without beingquicklyfollowed by Mr. Parsons, or vice versa? This emulation surely conduces to tho benefit of the country. It is the same jealous scrutiny of each others' acts which makes Mr. Handyside and Mr. Ash such exceedingly serviceable members for Albert. Both aro excellent representatives in different ways. The latter was only recently spoken of herein as praiseworthy ; and Mr. Handyside — why 'Prince Bismarck' is oho of the most useful men in the House. He might well sit to a painter as a model for 'A Practical Man' with a head hard and long and level ; with utilitarian opinions which compel him to eschew nonsense and to condemn poetry as prose spoilt by being cut up into irre gular lengths for some- inscrutable reason ; :md with a business- like commonsonso which will not allow him to wasto time l-y speaking needlessly or merely to exercise his tongue. When Mr. Hamlysidc rises to talk ho knows what he is talking about ; and when he has ssiid Ills eay, without the slightest sur plusage or attempt at oratory, ho sits down, not caring so littlo as the valuo of a fig or the average political promise whether or not you agree with him. The electorates might bo as well represented iT they were converted into one-man dis tricts, but— they might not be. The country might be as prosperous if the Parliament were abolished, and — it might not. I don't know, and neither of the Smoking-rooms will toll mo. 