|""í%k Iwitotë I'"»« PALMKRCTOir : FßlDAY, JüLT llth. A Good Crushing.-A Pine Creek corres- pondent informs ns that. a> .crushing of 30 tons stooe fro» Loo You's triona gave an Average yield Of over Sos gold per ton. The cleaning up took placa last week, and tha total quantity of gold realised wise- lSfityos j this biujg for nina weeks' work. The Recreation Grant.-With respect to the vestiture of the new racecourse as * recreation ground the Acting (ioveronica t Resident received the following te!egram from the Minister late-last week :-" Inform Mayhew recreation ground will be gazetted nnoier control of District Council, but is will be usceanrj to pass special act to enable Council to aahut or oharge admissioa. Necessary act aa early aa possible. Govern ssoat (realises aseiatauoe end support,'' The Crown in the Ascendant.-It is a ?? noteworthy circumstauce that the Crown secured a conviction in every case tried at the Sessions just put thiough. Departures.-Mr. and Mrs. Pater were ! passengers for south per s.a. Catterthun, j His Honor was not here for long, but the effects of his visit, professionally speaking, are likely to reuiaiu iu o.ir memory for some j years to come. Mineral Exports »or tue Week.-For southern ports : 629 bags silver or«', valued at £700 from the Flora Bell Silver Mine; 2047 bags copper ore, valued at £1000. Daly River Proprietary Co.upany. For Hong- kong: 223o/sgold value* i at «S50, shipped by Chinese. Acceptances.- Ou Wednesday evening next acceptances for the Palmerston Cup, Flying Handicap, and Railway Makes are due with'the Secretary of the v'. T racing Club. An important meeting of the Com- mittee will be held the same evening at the Club Hotel. Share Sal«.-To-morrow, the Mercantile and Agency Co. will offer for sale a number of folly paid up shares in the Ali :e Hills Gold Mining Company, one of the mn genuine ventures in the country. The com- pany is purely local ; so that anyone pur- chasing will have the satisfaction of kuow ing just how things are going. A Bad Season.-Very numerous com- plaints of sickness reach m from various parts of the country, and we regret that several inland residents, male and female, have been obliged in couseuuence to try a change in Palmerston. Mr. Hunter, our Rd!way Superintendent, has been forced into the Hospital by a very severe attack of malarial fever. Mrs. T. Ev.uid, of Pine Creek, ia also under the care of Miss Burkett. Council Election.-The result of the election on Monday for membei-s of tin» District Council waa as follows :-H. H. Adcock, 32 (4 plumpers) ; W Lawrie, 26 ; S. T. Brown, 23 ; H. E. Schunke, 13. The three tir.,t-named were there-ore successful in gaining seats. Mr. L iwrie is new to the business, but the interests of ratepayers are not likely to suffer any lud effects from his presence in the Council. He will prob- ably have much to say upon all mitlers having reference to the disposal of stock. H.M.S. Raven.-Still they corns! On Sunday last a small British guubo.it styled as above steamed np the bay and droppe I anchor close iii. The Raven is a vessel of 465 tons register, four ' gu is, an I is on her way to England. Her official staff is aa toi lows : Lieutenant an 1 Commander, Frank \V. Wyley ; Surgeon, John i*. J. Coolicau ; Paymaster, Bernard gineer, Benjamin R. King. She left here on Wednesday, the inteition beti g t» sail to the Seychelles Islands first, going ¡ram there- to Aden, and thence home. Pine Creek Company.-Under date July 4th Mr. (¿ash reported that a ¿tart ii id b.¡eu made with the cardup of the Company* stone to th.; bittery ; that he had en^a'e I ¡i European to look after the crushing ; and that it will tike about three weeks to put the stone through. On July 8th the man- ager wrote : " 11 »eg to report that the south shaft in the Sultana is down 71 feet. I got payable stone <>4ft deep in the shaft, but at that depth the reef began to cut up into leadens, some' underlaying to the e.i»t anil some to the-west, all showing th¿sanm sto e of a promising character. The îortli shaft in the Sultana is down 46ft with fair gold in the bottom." The Hulk.-Captain Pott uow has the E & A. Company's hulk safely berthed in a splendid natural dock below the H;np tal, where all needful alterations and repairs may be executed with wonderful ease. Li this particular respect Nature h is treated u? moat lilteraliy, for in most ports of the ship, ping world it would take a mint of m ¿ney to provide similar dojkin¿ convenience to those which are to be obtained along tbe shores of Port Darwin. At low tide the old Belle is high and dry, standing upright on a firm shingle heil, where do current can interfere with her position. An Extraordinary Case.-The action taken against Mr. H. M. Debross a couple of days ago represented an issue of the gravest importance. Things are surely coming to a pretty pass when a person can not visit a steamer without being suspected of evil intentions towards his creditors, and having a bailiff pursue him with a warrant for his arrest. But the strangest part of all is that a man should be arrested in his bed after midnight because a Chinaman had seen him some hours before on board the steamer, and that Mr. Beresford should accompany the bailiff and see that the warrant was duly executed. We had no idea previously that this was part of a solicitor's duty. Neither did we know that a man who had pressing creditors was liable upon the merest pre- tence to be stirred from his bed at any time and marched to the lock-up. At that rate, no one who owed a five-pound note could consider himself safe while it was possible to find a Chinaman to swear that he had seen the debtor on board a steamer or even going towards the jetty. He might at any time be taken from his bed and thrust into prison. The victim in the present case is an energetic contractor of unimpeachable busi- ness probity, and to have his honor and reputation questioned in so extraordinary a manner is disgraceful. There is something very vile about the proceeding which is scarcely covered by the dimensions of a ten-pound note. Royal Hotel - The finishing touches are now being put upon this building, which is a decided ornament to the main street of the city. There are naturally some irregularities in the architectural features of the structure — few buildings of the kind are free of such — but in a general sense the structure gives a pleasing external appearance. Inside, the portioning of space and disposal of rooms are not quite as perfect as might have been, but this is an objection of a trivial nature, and it does not conceal the fact that the Royal Hotel is the first building of its kind erected in the northern portion of the Terri- tory. The walls are of stone, the timber used is exclusively cypress pine, the ground floors are of cement, and the roof galvanised iron. Lath and plaster partitions divide the rooms, and the same material forms the ceiling, but this, we think, will in time prove a very troublesome and expensive mistake, for we hardly expect that such material will stand the wear and tear of time in this country where thunderstorms are so severe and the wet and dry seasons are so regular. But still that has yet to be proved. As far as actual accommodation goes the hotel is none too lavishly provided, though amply so for all purposes for some time to come. On the ground floor there are eight rooms in the main building. These include a billiard room, 25ft x 20ft; a Commercial Room, 18ft x 17ft; and a dining room 24ft x 16ft. The bar adjoins the Billiard room and is well disposed for the convenience of the whole house. Underneath it is a capricious cellar 16ft x 15ft, and a fine wide hall runs from front to back of the building. A staircase leads to the second storey where there are nine rooms — an assembly room 28 x 17, and eight bedrooms — besides a [illegible] bath room. A 10ft balcony runs along the back of the building, both sides, [illegible] of the front, and this should be a charming retreat at all times from the dust and worry of the lower world. It is the first two storey hotel that has been built here, and its erection reflects the greatest credit upon the ability of the contractor, Mr. H. M. Debross, whose work throughout appears to have a first-class stamp about it. Though his con- tract is completed it will yet be many weeks before the house is thrown open to the pub lic, as a licence cannot he obtained until September. We take it for granted that with a house like the Royal Mrs. Rvan will secure a fair proportion of the hotel business of the town. The pluck evidenced by her investment certainly deserves substantial acknowlegement. ! Railway Revenue.-The earnings on the Pahnerstm and Piue Creek Ka: 1 way for the week ending July 10th, amounted to £304. Copper Shipment.-T.ie s.s. Milgiear ! rivtd from the Daly oa Mon lay w.ih 2.5 tons t copper from the Propr et.ii y Co.'s copper ! chum. Mt. Lyne.-A party of Chinese hive been setit out to Clarke and party's tin show at this locality to wash alluvial tin for the proprietary. Coasting.-The st am» Maggie was to leave lor Byuoe Hu-bjur Kal night. Un Sunday she .eaves for t.ie Daly River. Th¿ s.a. Aiíe.aide, wh.ch .(emitted for Wyndnam o:> the áti», .iad j.uy c*o piSM.ij.Mi Iron tliia port. Temperance.-Miss Ackermann, a tem- pe, ance lectures» of some u>»ta, was one oi the pasáen^ers from China per Catterthun. The steamer stayed here tor a couple of d iys but the gentle exponent of the' vice of " bousing.'' did not risk a lecture She had a rare field if sue had only kuo.vn it. Vxtos Crithhinos.-Per letter of July 8th our Union correspondent sends tlie foi lowing ci uahings : No. 3 .. Uuwu, 10 tons, 19« I2lwts. .No. 2 X. Lady Ance, It) ton», lo\»z 12 l\vt No. 12 Nortu Union, 1 » tons, 69 ;z 10 Iwc No. 3 »or h Union 13 toas, 10.z. Jeui.duh, 10 tons, 5o¿ d iwts. Total, d9 tous scone for 122 z lOduts gold, or rou^h.y au averag ; of 2oz 1Jw t 1 tigra to the tou. Spescîr's Case.-R .«Iney Clan 1 3p>:nce - has .njj.i .se ice.ice 1ta deatn tin* the m ir 1er of an aboriginal. The verdict of ihïjary, however, wai accompanied by a reooai.neii datiou to mer¿y, wuicu will b¿ passe I ou to the 12 it at via tide that the pu alio, who hive a s:r juj feeling upju the matter, should at once get up a peutio;i praying fora com nu titioiiof the sen tea.e. Tuneare eir-juav stances attiched t> the trial which make this course j istiliaale in every sensa o; ta j wjrd, aad a »out watch we purpose .having sa.iuthiug to say ia our next. Roasted to Death.-An accident of an uncommon and very serions character hap pene 1 to Mr. T. O Neil during last week, at the Eveleen. The following is his own graphic account of the oe jurreace :-.' I just met with a fright.ul a^ci lout. I was draw- ing in firetvoou, ana as I was comiug aloa; the aide'of a gully the devil tempted srne Citiuauiaii to set fire to the lo.ig gnus ou the hill above me. The wind was bio,vin^ strong aud the fire came roaring dow a on top of me. My horses to >k fright au I bolts.I into the -^uily. a 11 capsized th-j dray b >tt >m upwar Is. Taj firewood w»s try and it took fire instantly; dray aad all wai in a blazo ; the lim .ses juuiping about k ckiu^ and 3iiue.din¿ ; I striviag to let them out sometimes under their feet. O dy I h ip pened to have a knife an I cut the hame stripe m3 and Ivories and all wo ltd li ive been b mied. My shirt h »me wis roasted to death, a id one of my lead ;rs nearly so Itali luppjne 1 in fifteen miuutes, an I not a soul was near to give mo a h m 1. There is oae thing ce.taiu, I am geoting my ow i share of bad luck. I do i't k tow whan I an going to get a turn of good luck. No use crying : I will be at it again." Stock Movements.-Our Katherine cor- responde it seud3 the' folio vin r items u id¡r date July 1st :-2D3 fat bullacks »ram Vic tiria Downs, vi* Delamere, have passed dawn the back track bxin 1 tor t'altn.urstoa and Union butcheries. This was the first mab of ihe season. . . - 50 Delambre bul- locks have a.'so passed Springvale for same destination, Fleming an I Davis drovers. . 2,0J0 bullocks b ivelefv M-sssra. Bichan ia'< Wave Hill stitiou for Western Au trail i: G JO of these are fat and are i n ten le i far the ü ik >ver diggings. . . Tnere are said to b3 over 20J lat bull »cks at Auvergne stataja and also a number at Florida ( loch Mr. Macartney's stations) waiting their turu for local cousumption. . . As an instvue of the very limited con litio i of the Territory market fur be.sf. th^rj Wire lately scarce I fro.n Mr. L. »jr. Brow le's Newcastle Waters station 1403cattle bunal for"the Adelaide market. Tais is probib'y the longsst dis- tance ever attempted to reajii a market. Tnere ate m ireover a great uum'ier of cittle stations eist oí tue tel¿g--aph line and with- in the S m-h A is raüa i no i.idar/ th it woil I «end their fat citt'.e here in thousands if there'were the ghost of a .rairk ¡t, au.I if it be.true that there is aa unlimited d¿mtn I in the east for beef or cattle, the sooner th» Government assist in furthering snipping facilities by judicious subsidies, shipp.ug and truck yards. will be no lack of energy displayed by the pastoralists in basking up 6>veramsut efforts by supplying the stock aud assisting the revenue by taktu j up ai I at »oiling new aad exteusive purtora! lands. . A Dispotso . .Vaaoipr. - Oa Mi id iy norning at the Criuuiil C>ur, after teiiceof death hid »aen paisel upsn R. C. .Spencer, Mr. Beresford, the prisoner's counsel, pissjd np to His io tor tha following letter signe I by the jury before waom the case was tried : Palmerston, July 6th, 1339. To His H.mor Taom*s Kennedy Piter, J tiçLje jf, the Northern Territ »ry. Sir-We the uadirsigied th¿ Jury in the case of Regina v. Spencer beg to lay before your honor the fact that the verdict of wilful marlei a^.inst the prisoner was broujhc in by us u.ider ¡i mÍ3jppreiiehsion, we bein? under t.ie distinct impression thit we had no po.ver to bring in a iy verdict other than wilful ¡iius-der or acquittsL Hx I Wa k.iowu that we-had the right to bring in a verdict of ni.DsT'Ujhter, we wutul uuloub elly have done so, instead of returning a verdict of wilful morder. We have the honor to.be, Sir. Your obedient ¡Servants, V. V. Brown (fireman) G. W. Miyhew A. E. Jolly A. A. Le ¿vis S. T. Brown P. R. Freer. Both the counsel for the defence and Judge Pater instructed the jury in the plainest Ungnade tb.t the-verdict- couid only be oue oi'twa Courses-guilty of wilful acquittal ; and it was not until that the jury learnel otherwise, fetter. In on» nentinj upon f&f;*Wij$£ßßtor reinrki I thit tha jury h id % pirfact^Í|á»t i-.to return a verdict of nian slauj*hter,.lfv»^fdeiirel to, bat in his opinion it: w^UhSv» ;been as wron;-to do that a* it^^p^A^bjl've/boen to acquit the 'prisoner¿'*iABals|^iAf aayinç a good de ii even fo^WJh>djgé. ^He promise!, hwever, to" fH^r^rop^iyJitt^r to the right qu and wa «Woeralyhopi thit the ISx.seutive C the unfortanate man'spjsitiou. PERTH (Western Australia), Tuesday. The existence of a rich alluvial gold coun- try on the Ashbiirton is now placed beyond the shadow of a doubt. Reports' have' been received «»fa most «itisf ijtory nature. Up wards of 10Q0 ors. were obtained by a siml' party in a "few weeks. The belt of alluvial country ja «JÄted to be 23 miles long, and 2) miles orol^^situ-ite alxmt 231 miles from r%shbu||t^^ni^il5 miles south- west of the riverl^E^P^fea good load all the way. nd "irail^^^ppattiful. News has been re ^ive:|-Of|lap)4Ílsobvery ol a piomuing aur fcronereitwtba Murchison listrict. (s'. ?>/. /Ye^/Af, April 10, 181)0) Now is the time to buy land in Perth, the capital city of Western Ànetfilia. BuiMiu« Mtis in the ty froatäMHp; Suburban Block 4-10«: ich. EavrSrSs: Plans from The Inter -olonial Iivestmeut Co.pauy, Limited, 9S oathitrat-atreet, yduMfr .#.£. W., W. J.» Douglas, manager. "#& ,v.^:,, '}_. . , The Rev. Miss Carrie Bartlett has recently been nominated incumbent T>{ the town of Kalamazoo, in Pennsylvania. She is a graduate of Harvard College, a great beauty, and a very eloquent and euective preacher. 