Imperial Fetters. Sir Charles Lilley's Opinions ox Imperial Federation. The following is the full text of a letter ad dressed by his Honour the Chief Jnstioe, Sir Charlce Lilloy, to a personal friend, on the subjeot of imperial federation. By consent, we are allowed to publish itin the Telegraph:— My Dear W., — The letter to whioh you refer was written in answer to inquiries by a friend. Ton wish me to elate more fully my views on the future relation of the States of Australia to Great Britain. Primarily I may say that any conititntionl ohsnge in the direc tion of oloser politioal anion with the mother oonntry would be misoblevous, would lsad to & premature, violent, and unfriendly separation, and to much misery in the meantime. Under stand, however, that I am an Englishman, with a very suffloient amount of an Englishman's pride and obstinate resolution, bnt happily, by early training and long habit, I can bear to hear just reproaches against our oountry for her many shortcomings and misdoings. Never theless btr worthier traditions and greatness are onrs, end will pose on ae part of the national inheritance of our Australian descendants. In many, if not in most, things we live before onr children in vain ; the experience of the old and wise even is not heeded; and in like manner history too cften repeats itself ; men oommit again and again the same errors and follies and undergo the same disasters and sufferings. It seems almost certain that England will be urged to repeat her American follyof tharevolutiouary era and try by force to retain Australia, should she resolve on absolute seveihnoe from Bri isb sovereignty One would think F.nglish states men and philanthropists have enough work at home without meddling in Australian affairs or seeking to cajole the Australian men of to-day into national engagements which their descen dants will most surely not consider binding, if national interests demand their revocation. A recent English authority declares that no less than 13 ont of every 100 children attending the schools of the school hoard for London habitually go to school in want of food. Charitable efforts have alleviated this misery to some extent, hut still " day by day, we>k after week, 26,000 are always suffering from hunger in the beard schools of London, and of these 8,000 are infants whose physical and mental growth is thus stunted at the commencement of their liveB." And John Morley at a recent meeting of the Eighty Club when ad vac sting free education, said: "Accurate statistics show that there are in the metropolis at this moment 40,000 or more children who go into the elementary schools, voluntary and public, starving." Again on the pro posal to provide free hslfpenny meals for these starving children he eays, "Whert has this movement started from ? It started from the teachers themselves. And why? Beeause they fonnd it intolerable to sit hour after hour, and day after day, in the same room with hunger. It is from them that this demand for a certain provision of free meals has arisen. In the oitv of Birmicgham last winter, they gave ontofa voluntary fund 214,000 gratuitous meals." Nowhowmuchof starvation and misery was left 6very day in the homes of thess starving children ? The answer to this question would donhtlees he still moro appalling than the state ments we have just read — unutterable woe and anguish in thousands npon thousands of mo'hers' hearts in the chief city of what they boast of as the greatest empire in the world 1 Now, if anything is certain in the world of politics, it is that Great Britain must hereafter provide (as she can) for the relief, abatement, or extinotinn of her pauperism and orime at borne, and ont of the superabundant wealth of her land, and commercial end manufacturing and money monopolists, by some re-adjustment of her industrial and social life. Those who h rid the wealth of the nation must bear its burdens, and already a demand is being urged for a juater distribution of the fruits of toil. She mnst set her own house in order. It is not by the removal of ber crime and helpless misery to theeo States of Australia that she will find relief. It wonld, no donbt, he a great temporary relief to the nobility and gentry of England to ehnnt the degraded, useless, and utterly im poverished portion of the population of Great Britain into these prosperous comiaunitiee. Bat that woald he no permanent remedy ; there wonld soon be anew army of the hungry and to p—ui. «, - T—c-inal recurrence of the same results from the same causes. The Australian nation as it is now, has been ereated by the enterprising, hardy, and industrious pastoraliBts, miners, and toilers in every branch of industry, who have oome here to apply their self-helpful and vigorous efforts to the vast resources of the land. There is room for many millions of sneh men yet, hot they will not he burdened with the vice, help- less poverty, or crime of Europe, will not allow Australia to he made a place of deposit for the refuse population of Great Britain. Men with health and industry, and resoluteness, who are able and willing to wring from the soil treasures or the means of indepen dence or comfort for themselves and their families are everweloome, and have he 'ore them all therewards of an honourable citizenship. But it is not such men that the aristocracy aid middle classes of Great Britain wish to send to ns It is the residuum, those who can neither help nor he helped themselves. No ! England mnst herself redncs her poverty, vies, and orime to the lowest possible minimum. As far as it is possible to seonre it, Australia has re solved to make a clean start, flhs will, perhaps, have her share in time of all thoseevils, bnt she will not knowingly import nsr permit the importation of the foreign artiole. The poverty of London is said to ba even less in proportion to ita population than that of the provincial cities of Great Britain. Now, here is work for the statesmen of Great Britain and Ireland. Consider your position, and try to devise an enduring relief of the poverty of your pcor. To obtain cheap labour to enable you to increase your already vast and corrupting wealth is your fir.t object of desire. Matters have been so managed or allowed to drift that yon have became as a peoplo the dependent wage-earners of tks world. Yon raise just food enough to feed about one -third of your people, the remaining two-thirds yon mnst eeok by making goods and selling them to other nations. When they restrict or close their markets, or begin to manufacture for them selves, your people begin to starve, and you must find fresh customers, even at the cannon's month, as you did in India and China, and are doing elsewhere. You are all alike, politicians and patriots, you get the useless poor out of your sight, if you can — those of them who may be a useful reserve of cheap labour yon try to retain at home. Even your patriot, John Bright, died worth £700,000, his shads sf the firm's Health. How many of his work men died worth £7, or had 7s. for their ' p.rtion when they were put service ? I remember some years ago when a dispute arose with the Brights' workmen, John was sent to reason with ths men. He showed from their wageB' sheets that in the wnree of years, 20 or 30 I think, the wages of some of their workmen had risen from 9s. to 14s. a week, whilst food, 'by -means of freetrade, had been greatly cheapened. Now there the Brights had it, cheap food and cheap labour — still after many years. But John Bright' a purpose was to content the workmen whose position had been so magnificently improved that, instead of 9s. a week, they bad 14s. to maintain them selves and their wives and families. How would John have managed with his wife and family on that large sum a week ? If the working men of Australia will observe what even a workiugman's friend in England considered enough for his less wealthy friends of the working classes, and compare, it with their own earnings here, they will see what the Eng lish aristocracy snd middle classes would Willingly see them reduced to, if thoy.oould pat away oat of thel- sight for a time, and throw on the industry" -of 'Australia' the hideons reality of - hunger, whioh is daily around thtm, whilst tb,oy,;them\elve3 surfolt and waste the surplus wealth, .filolied from the toiling millions of thpir . opgptri mon. . Now, there >10 good nud nob.'e mon of till olatsex in Great Britain and Ireland who Jmvo a true sympathy \yith thsic forking brethren of the operative classes. The toilers are Btriving to help themselves to obtain a lair share of the proooeds of indnstry. The struggle, as it is carried on, may lead to de struction. Mediators have been fonnd in afow instances, bnt still no permanent remedial in tervention has been snggested or adopted. The statesmen of England meanwhile, aro engaged in party fights, in struggles lor place, in helping the Egyptian labourers, and s'ill more, in relieving the Egyptian bondsmen, that is the gentlemen who hold, but do not bear Egyptian bonds. Shekels not Bhaoklos are at tho bottom of thoir Egyptian sympathies. They are also busy in converting tho Negro, not to Christianity, but into now markets for loaded oottons and silks, and mm and beer, both loaded, too, I grievously suspect — and Birmingham-made gods of tho ohesper and baser metals of the earth. Now the politicians, priests, parsons, " meenistors," and sell- dubbed patriots of England, havo lately turned their attention to free Aus tralia. _ Their object is to rivet the links that hind ns to the happy order of things, whioh they have to rale over in Groat Britain, Ireland, and India, where hunger is king and emperor. The country from whioh, under aristo cratic rule, the bitter ory of hunger and star vation has risen for centurios, whioh has he.d Ireland in continual poverty and hunger, ao> ctnted by occasional famines for 70C years, which has had 10 famines in India within 110 years, is now nrged to come forth to keep under her perpetnal rnle the free men of Aus tralasia. And, by whom is this proposed ? Those who lsad aro Lord Ro89bery, an ex- Minister of the Crown and chairman of the London County Council, within whoBe juris diction that enormous mess of hungry ohildren and wretched parents barely exist; and Lord Carnarvon, an ex- Minister of the Crown, and late Lord- Lieutenant of Ireland, a large laud monopolist in We-t Australia; and Cardinal Manning baa lately joined tho league. In stead of directing their ability, energy, and knowledgo of affairs to tho work of humanity and at itcsmunship, which lies before them and at their doors, tnese gentlemen have started in pursuit of to-called imperial federation, a phan tom, wi h less ot substance b6hiod it than Pepper's famous ghost. Let these men refloot upon a precedent furnished by one of the greatest rulers of men, the ruler of tho Christian world in his day. It is written of him that when he (Gregory the Great) was told one day that a solitary unknown boggar bad been fonnd dead from starvation in the streets of Rome, ho excommunicated himself for having allowed such a thing to happen in a city under his rule. For days he abstained from communion, shut ting himself up in bis silent cell, to make atonement by tears and penance for his sin of omisrion towards that poor starveling. But this Christian prince did not believe in " tho survival of the tittoat," or the " unre stricted play of competition," or in any of the fine-spun theories and phrases of the gospel of selfisbneBS as rules of human life, used so often to soothe men'b consciences for allowing their fellow-men, women, and children to suffer and even to perish of hunger. He was not afraid of pauperising the people, as we are. Are they not in vast number) already pauperised almost beyond redemption? To your work in your own country then, my lordB and my lord cardinal, and leavens to ours to avert, if it may ho, the evils of starvation here. Leave ns to try to keep away the hunger- fiend from the children of enr fair land ana to rear a strong, brave, and poweifnl nation having an ample range of duty in this new sphere of action, where we may keep the peace and follow in dustry and the arts, and perfect freedom and the noblest works of our race. What Austra lians desire snd will maintain is the right to develop their national life, as thay will, unfettered by restrictions from abroad, or from any external authority. Now, what are the purposes of the league, which bears the absurd name of "Imperial Federation," and which is, as yet, regarded with indifference and contempt by Australians ? This is Lord Rose- bery's account of it : " Numbers of our critics have said. ' Yonr aspirations are all very well, but mankind does not fatten on aspira tions, and we should be greatly gratified, if you would give ns some information of how you propose to carry your aspirations into effect.' Now, gentlemen, we have always resistod any such demand We have always felt there were great reasons against the adoption of any specific plan by the Imperial Federation League. In the first place there iB the extreme slowness with whioh pnblio opinion moves in England towards any organio change. (Hear, hear.) In the next place, we have had to face the faot that onr institutions, rooted as they are in the ouetoms and traditions of the past, are not suited for any sndden introduction of a new element ; and in the third place we have to consider the natural jealousy of the young ard aspiring Governments outside meee islands ot any patHmal tutn,. ferenoe from within, a jealousy which, iu my opinion, would be keen as regards the sugges tions of the imperial Government, bnt inde finitely keener, when they came to be the suggestions of a private eesooiatian If we have not adopted a plan, it is not for want of suggestions from withont. Many of those who hold our views are wedded to particular plans. Some have wished to introduce into the House of Lords colonial representatives. But there is a fatal objection to that, which is that the colonies do not want it. Others have wished to introduce colonial representatives into the Honee of Commons. There is a double objec tion to that. In the first place the House of Commons does not want it, and in the next place snch an introduction oould hardly be iffected withont to some extent affecting the local autonomy of which our colonies are so juBtly proud. Further, it has been suggested that the Frivy Council offers the medium for some form of imperial federation. Bat the Privy Council is a body which does not lend itself readily to the inclusion of a representative element, and it wonld require as much remodel ling to introduce a really representative colonial element, as either of the other two bodies I have mentioned. A fourth party has thought hat a Zollverein or Customs union, by which we should bo guarded by a proteotivo system from the produota of all other eountries, would offer the best method of consolidating the empire. But that is not a praotical way of consolidating the empire. If it ever becomes practicable, it will only be in years to come, he doctrines of freetrade are far too deeply rooted in this country to leave hope for any general assent to snch proposals as those to to whioh I have allndea Well, In spite of this attitude on the part of the Imperial Federa tion League, they have at lSBt oome to the eonclnBion, to whioh I confess I cause some time ego, as to the praotical and real form of im perial federation. I have always held that im perial federation was really inaugurated by the oelonial conference that took place in 1887." Bis lordship very truly adds, "If no sloes scheme comes out of these conferences, and, in deed, if these conferences themselves are fonnd 10 be of no avail and some to nothing, then you may be perfectly certain that, whatever yonr views may be or yonr exertions may bo, imperial federation in any form is an impoesibledream." And so may it be. He then goes on to recom mend a renewal of the system of conferences similar to that in 1887, in whioh tho naval de fence scheme wae arranged, by whioh these States oi Australia became tribntoriea for 16 years to the people of Great Britain. Suoh conferences, if ever held again, should be treated as unauthotieed by ub, nnlesa a mandate of tho whole Australian people has been previously obtained, for sending representatives eleotod for the purpose by the people ; and conferences in- tended to affect so vitally Australian inte-este should be held only on Australian soil ; and it -hould be distinctly, understood and expressly stipulated and agreed that Aust'alia insists upon her right to complete national in dependence in foreign and domestio polioy, whi never her representatives shall declare that to be the national will. Bat Australians will act most wisely if they avoid all these confereacea andrefnee to subsidise again a mffroenary British 'orce under English oommand, which may turn -gainst them at any moment the guns for whioh ihey pay so dearly. It wonld be a new and a dsngerons thing for a free people to ba governed by tbese irregular conferences. The imperial federation movement' is a pnrely selfish ono in aid of ' British interest 1." A third of a century ago, when theso oolo nies obtained responsible government, they were told that they were in training for national independence; that England, when they wcro strong enough, would dismise them, become the mother ot nations, and part with them from the old homo in peaoe, remaining united to thsm only by bonds of mutnal affec tion' ard mutual support iu hours of national peril, when tho exlstenoo or Independence of tho mother or her offspring might be threatened. And we have been engaged m the "heroio work of plantation," the founding of new nations, as we believed ever sinoo. Bnt of Into years, noisy, fnsay, moddleeomo mon in England, speaking only of British intoroats, havo appeared. Of their aims thoro oan bo no donbt, tbis grand oonntry is to ba hold in tho interest of Great Britain Wo havo tho language of Ihcso men on many platforms to prove it. A nobleman at ono ohurcn meeting anxious for the spiead of the gospel in tho oolonioe added, " and eeo how important it would be to British interests." The Lord Mayor of London de clared it was because he "botieved the trade and commerce of the country would bo largely aided by imperial federation that he was there that afternoon." Lord Carnarvon expeota the nut- come of our intercolonial federation to be "another support to the old mother oountry." Cardinal Manning says: "The maxim of the Roman Empire was ' Rome never reoedes,' and England, too, he hoped, wonld never recede, but hold that whioh sho had gained, by in dissoluble bonds." Just so, imperial fetters, and donbtless his eminonoo aud other holy men would bless the banners of the troops drepatohed to hold ns in Bubjeotion. Then we had in the House of Lords the declaration by Lcrd Lamington that tho Australian oolonioe were waiting to receive imperial regiments with op « ouden horse to hide them ! " Timoo D.naos," my lord the Auatralans aro not quite forgetful of school lessons, nor altogether blind. DaUey's Soudan escapade, suggested to him by an artful old English officer or official, the 3on- ference of 1887, and even our charitable contri bution to the Dockers' Striko Fund are all pressed into service as evidences of the anxiety of these colonies for imperial federation. But Cardinal Manning is not the only one who assumes to threaten us. That wild bird of New Zealand finance, Vogcl, and the paid agent of ths same country, Dillon Bell recommended England to " diclarc Bternly that these colonies havo no right to secede." What responsible Engl sh statesman will earn an im mortality of folly by sending this message to Australia? The hope of Englishmen is that Australia will he'p them to eoeroe India, to hold her in subjection under the pleaBsnt euphemism rf th» defence of India. Lord Brassey, late I " Adm-riliy, says: "As yet the colonies have uut looked beyond their local self-defence. HeteafLr they would do more. Australasia would be the commanding power in the Pacific and in the South Seas, and in tie defence of India, which is our heaviest burden." Australasia will be able in the coming years, from her advantageous strategical position, to render valuable aid to the mother country." A little while ago England, we were told, was to defend Australia. China, France, Ger many, were all likely to try to subjugate us— then, " England to the rescue," according to Lord Carrington, with the "last eighteenpenoe in her treasury" — no', a largo sacrifice at any time, and not likely to go far in Armstrong guns at £16,000 apiece, for the life of the guu with its ammunition, warranted to fire only 95 rounds, and then to be worn out. Listening to rhs language of these men at home, we may now reasonably apprehend that the first armed enemy of Australia will probably he England, with Indian troops, at the cost of the wretchedly impoverished, taxridden people of India. Whilst Anstrslia should wisely let the present friendly connection with England exist until wa are teady to meet any foe by land or water, it is clear th at we must prepare ourselves f ot any con tingency. It is quite likely that.the Australians, like the youngbears, have all their troubles before them, but they will meet them ereot, manfully, independently, fearlessly, and successfully. Let us summarise: Imperial Federationiats want to curtail our power of self-govern ment. 1 To recover control of our taxation in the interest of British trade. They fear protection, towards which these colonies are rightly or wrongly trending. 2. They wish to have oheap English naval and military forces paid by Australia, and stationed as an armed police to keep us in subjection. 3. When we are tied to Great Britain, Canada, India, Sonth Africa, and other dependencies and colonies of Great Britain in a political union, the game p ayed against the native states of India can be renewed with Bnocess, the one set of States oan be need by chicanery, by fostering jealousies, and by force to hold the others in subjection. It will be fist rebellion to refuse to coerce India, Ireland, or Canada, and punishable accordingly. 4. Australia, like India, can be made for ever the happy hunt ing ground of Englishmen to the exclusion of native ability. Fortunes could be made and pensions earned and spent in England. In troth whilst ths old oonntry would gradually become the " dependency," Australia would remain the "possession" of happy Britons, singing "Hands aorosstbeSea," and deolairoing amid plaudits from the richer and baser sort of returned "dependents," on theveritsblo " golden links " which bind us to the great raoe from whioh we have sprung. 6. Cheap ooloured labour could then be introduced as o£ right. We could not exclude bui jeots of the British Empire from competition in onr labour market. Btaok and yellow labour, Hindoos, Chinamen, and other coloured labourers could be introduced from India and the Indian Archipelago These Australian States could be gradu ally reduced to the position of planta tions from England, and the Austra lian policy of making this a " white man's country" and a free land could be effectually subverted. If Australians will turn their eyes to the Negro question in Ameriaa, even at this moment, they will fully understand the formid able problems and the danger to their civilisa tion which the growth of a coloured race amongst us may raise. The white man must have at least the first turn in trying whether he can make this his own land. 6 Australians could be made to do military work for England in' Europe and elsewhere, and enable the English jingo to play his game of bounce in Europe with a greater show of power 7- By sharing what Englishmen call the " burdens of empire." Australian contributions to the great or little wars of Great Britain would greatly mitigate ths horror of tho dreaded income tax for the aristooraoy and middle class of England. 8. Everyone of these advantages for Great Britain brings a correlative disadvantage for Australia. 9\. They would lead to the oontrol of our affaire by nationalities, nominally British, hub really foteign in origin, and luimiaal in interest to ub. The nervousness of Englishmen, abont the safety of England is akin to their uneasy feel ing— described as " mervousness" — about Merv and India. They may contain their souls in peace. It is not likely that Australians, Canadians, Americans, or any other English- speaking people, would permit any foreign nation to seize the oradle of the raoe whioh now calls itself British. We are not indifferent to the glorious records of our English, Irish, and Scottish fathers. But it must not be forgotten that we insist upon our right to rnle ourselves, and to enter the family of nations in our own home as the Aus tralian Commonwealth. What all true Aus tralians wish is that their country may be left to enter into this state of independent life as a nation by historic evolution, not by a violent severance from the mother country. "Would disintegration he too dearly bought," saya Professor Freeman, " if it carried with it the perfect independence of the United States of Australia and a greater chance than we now have of keeping the lasting good will of the United States of America ?" Again he says, " That our independent colonies —I use the name as a name of the highest honour — will ever join with us in a politioal federation is a thing hardly to be thought of." Speaking of George Washington the same writer says : "There are other lands in wh'ch bis work may again be done, and done more peacefully. No new Bunker Hill, no Saratoga, no York- town wonld bo needed to call Into being other independent EnglandB as free and mighty as either the elder or the yonnger." Again, he Bays : " I shall hardly see tho day, but some of yon may eee it, when the work of Washington and Hamilton may be wrought again without slash or blow, wbea alongside of the kingdom of Great Britain snd theUni'ed States of Anurias the United States of Australia, the United States of South Afrioa, the United States of New Zealand may stand forth as independent homes of Englishmen, bound to one another by the common tie of brotherhood, and bound by loyal reverence and by no meaner bond to the common ' parent of all." Iu this aspiration all men of British birth will devoutly join. If England oan roooncile Ireland and content India suoh a bond ol brother- bocd, tuch a mutual 1 ixgno of safety, might arise ns would pluco the existence of every member of i-. b yond peril from the united hostility of the rest of the world. Bnt what plnco is India to fill in suoh a sohomo ? Already the wholo vernaoular prosi of that country is desoribed as advocating sedition, and a conference of 2,000 Indiana has just been held for the avowed purpose of obtaining representative government. The Anglo- Indian "jingoes" reply that "India was won by tho sword and mast ba held by it." No free people can federate oxoept on jnst and equal terms. Are free Australians to be asked to hold by the sword or to ooeros a people "rightly struggling to bo free"? It is im possible to hopo for help from Australia for suoh n purpose. Then what is their political anion, their Imperial fedoraticn to bo ? Is it to consist of English, Irish, Scotch, Canadians (partly Frenob), Australians, Indians, Hongkong and Singapore Chinamen, Africanders, Negroes, Kaffirs, Zulus, Hottentots, Bosjemans, Poly nesians — indeed of men of almost all raoes, of every shade of colour, of overy kind of re ligion and mode of worship from Christianity to fetishism, enpmieebyraoeandreligion and diverse in material interests ? Whon the contents of this witoh's caldron are get together and begin to simmer on great imperial questions, wonld 8atan himself oare to he near the boiling ? The political union would soon disappear. Wonld the 250,000,000 people of India submit to havo their affairs, either foreign or domestio, con trolled by the otker members of tho league, and how long wonld those last be likely to aooept Indian control ? And how oould they esoape if a jnst and cqnal distribution of governing authority were made ? Would tho white raceB of Australia, who will not brook tho competition of ooloured labour be likely to submit t he governed by oolonred men, either Indian, Hindoo, Mahometan, Negro, Hottentot, or Chinaman ; b'ack, red, or yellow ? - Most as suredly not 1 Tho political union or federation, if it did not bnrst, wonld dissolve. " The earth bath bubbles, as the water has, and these are of them." But there might ho a violent and bloody rupture by the aotive employment of the boasted sword to sever or hold the union, and whose sword might be keenest end most powerful ? Let our motto bo thon, Independence, peace fully achieved, if it may bo, but indepeudonoe. If Englishmen are wise, they will be content with tho present Btate of thoir relations with Australia so long as they will laBt. How long Australians will bo content, it is impossible to say. Dependence is not likely to remain long the condition of a powerful people. It is not probable that Australians will submit to the English rights : 1. To band tbem over to any foroign Power by whom England maybe defeated or even to sell them into foreign domination. 2\. To' the ahaolute veto of their legislation. 3\. To the dispocal of all their domestio and foreign affaire. It is all very well to say that England dare not do theso things — they might be essential to save her own existence— and a foreign power, by the law of nations, would be come our legal ruler. We would pass by conquest or by cession into foreign bondage. We might thus continue, as we are at present by our sub jection to England, within the infiuenoe of European militarism and needless danger. The pressure of any scheme likely to hamper Australian developments wilt lead here to measures of self-defence : 1. To a strong pro tective tariff to encourage complete indepen dence of the outer world in case of peril. 2. The instruction and training of our population to tho use of arms. 3. The support and com mand of our own defensive forces. Wishing the best for both countries, and indeed for all men, with old friendly regards. — Yours, &o.;, CHARLES LILLEY. 