NOVELIST. Iy Lady's ReveDge. By £. G tKKISOX .JONES. CHAPTER XX I. — (Cgktisceli ) ' B.ss, little love, wake up," cries Sc. Aubyn. a i renter in his voice. See stirs and half opens her tired ejcB, and murmurs again : 'Redmond, I am eo cJad you have come. I am to tired a d lonely, and I've wanted ycu eo. You won't, leave me alloy myself in the dark and cold, wiil you !" " No, no, dearest love." responds her hus band. catching her w rds, but not the name of R-fflmond — "no, I will never leave you sga:r.. "Come; we are going away from this dreary old place, back to London. Come, my darling." 11 kisses her eyes till they open wide and look at him with s bewildered, feverish stare. At last she knows him. and she struggles up from his arms with au involuntary sigh and a look of sad regret. 1 was dreaming, 1 think," she says, in an embarrassed way, ' and talking at random. I tritd to keep awake for you, but I got eo tired. Hoali we retire now 2" "No, Bess. Get up and put j our wraps on. We are going to London to-night. 1 ve had news from there which necessitates my immediate return, and I know you ve had enough of this old ghost-nest." She opens her eyts in a startled way, for the little clock on the mantel points to the midnight hour, and she hears the wild winds rioting amid the turrets, and the fa tbundericg on the sands below; bat- she rises and obeys him without a word. In liaif au hour they are ready, the car riage drawn up before the stone steps, the luggsgs all ready to follow. St. Aubyn bands his wife in, and leaps into the carriage after her. "Seymour,'' he calls out. in a tinging voice that all the servants bear, " shut and lock up the old place, and follow me, all of you, with 8s little delay as possible." The servants huddle together in the windy aarsness, a rew giuu iu gei away uuui mi dismal oid Lodge. Old Seymour shortly after this locks the heavy door, and comes down the stone eteus with a look of terror in his eyes : but he iLre net disobey his master. Ha joinE his fdlow servants, and in an | hour me whole party is gone, and Aber- j uudno Lirge is left to eilenc, and gloom,) and death. _ j Lord St. Aubyr. is in London, and in his j magniiicmt town bouse, on the following | night. But he cannot remain in any one place ; he haE been out and in at leaEt a doz?n times during the afternoon. "What is it, dear?" asks Bess, from her couch before the grate. " What makes you | so restlsss ?" j He looks at her with a sharp, suspicious i glance, but her tinder eyes are only lull of j anxions love. j " I'm not well, JDss," he replies. " and I'm j troubled about some business matters— i things you cannot understand, lit tie one. I j cannot imagine why," he goes on. with a | great effort, my solicitor and Mr. H ttbwell j don't come : !b>-v iv reto meet me ui-nighc. i 1 have sent to Vani's c-ifiee and to Mr. llotn- j weil's roc jus. hut ihej are not to be found. I However. I suppose it s ell right." 'h rises and begins to pice the room, turns to the window, and looks out into the black night. i: :es, my dear," he says, suddenly, ' you xnnsi, go to" bod. Ill ring for Mason, who will sit with you to-niuht. 1 sci going out, and I may not return nil to morrow." ' Yes, dear," says submissive Bess. 'S ?e risrs. rtc.dvis bis parting kiss, and is ready to Fccoropeiiy Mason, who enters a monunt after to conduct her to her room. St. A-.byn lakes his hat, steals through the hall, huS out at the street door with stealthy steps, and vanishes in the gloom of the windy November night. In a short time lis reappears again, but in a lev, dark street in the neighborhood of Bleckf liars Bridge. There is a small shop, in thai locality where cast-off garments, false wigs, end other such disguises pre sold. This low den he enters, muffled to the ohin by bis coat-collar, and with his slouch hat pulled low over his eyes. Tie strikes a speedy bargain with the Anetent Israelite who stands behind the counter for a rough suit of sailor's garments, & hat to correspond, end a red wig and beard. 'My lord pays the money down, goes into a room and changes bis clothes, having his own placed ill a cheap bag which he pur chases. j In i hie irfjiiie. with his rc ugh red brai b ffrrtmirg in i! e vrii fi. Sr. Aubjn gets forth bails a cj»b, drives 10 the terminus, gete init a train, ana travels r.cithwcid. Another wild night. The thunder of the turf in Cardigan Bay is like the booming hi a battle. Over Aberdudco, perched upen the black, wind- laelied cliff, the darkness and silence of the grave itself broods. A drearier, ghostlier place tban tbia old Lodge could not well be imagined ; yet now, at this hour of the night, the figure of a human creature crouches along through the thick darkness of the ruined moat in front of the lower entrance. lie makeB his way along, groping, etumbl- ing, till he reaches a sort of waited court which leads into the main entrance. The door is ajar, and he goes jd, arid on ward. sill be comes to a door all barred and studded with great iron nails — the door that leads down to the ruined dungeon vaults below. He takes a key from his breast, and, after some trouble, turns it in the lock with a rasping noise. The door swings open — he enure and cloec-E it after him. He stands a moment in the gloom, bis teeth chattering in bis head ; then he Etrikes a light, and pro duces a small lantern from a pocket in hie capacious garments. The pale light sheds a lurid glare on the black, reeking walls, and on the man's dis tended eyes Bed death-white face. For a i minute he stands irresolute, a tremor in his limbs, and then he starts on again, gaEping as be goes : I must know, or I shall go mad." He gropes down a long, damp corridor, the wet stones clinging to his feet, noisome things hurtling across his face, his breathing eh oit and hurried ia the close, choking air. But on he goes, the blue fire flickering in his eyes, bis lips ret bard and firm beneath bis rough red beard. He reaches a second door at last, at tbe end of the corridor, ana pauses to open it. But before bis hand touches the lock it swings back on its rusty hinges, a step rings dully on the mouldy flags, and a human face locks out upon faim from the darkness beyond. He bounds back, with a suppressed ery of horror, and lets his lantern fall. The face emerges, and with it a human figure and an other lantern. Ms. Aubyn stands aghast, bis red wig and beard displacud, staring wildly at this in truder. whoever he may be. '"l'nr mercy's pake mr <tear rnnnn maalpr is it you .' ' The voice brings St. Aubyn to his senses, ar.d he recognises his servant, old Seymour. With the recognition, all his courage and de termination return, and he grabbles the old man by the throat with a fietce oath. " What are yen doiDg here he asks. "Ob, master have mercy !'' he implores. 'I sv.v it all- ail that was done in the black drsvimr.rpin; — .-red I came backto see if tiiey were deed. Bnt, master, manas be to Heaven, they are both alive." ' Alive ! ' St. Aubyn recoiled as :f an adder had struck him. " Alivv- !'' continued the faithful old man, catching S:. Aubyn's hands, end holding them fnir, while tears rained over his wrinkled checks. " Alive, both of 1 hem, and your soul is saved from the awfu! crime of j murder," I Bat S\ Aubyn flings him off with another bitter oath. "Master. I bad to save you; I couldn't help it. Forgive ycur poor old eervant. Something told me to come back, and 1 found then both alive — mangled end suffering, but alive — for eotnelhsng had broke their fall. Matter, 1 have brought food and water, and gave it to them through the bars of the grated door ; and they are alive, and in their senses. Ob, my macter, 1 have saved you j from niurdi-r !" At last the man's faithful devotion seems to couch St. Aubyn ; the fire in bis fciue eyes softens. ' Well, I don't know but I'm glad myself,'' he says, in a gasping, brcathlets way. ' Murder's an awful thing. It went against my nature — but they forced me. It is more their fault than mine. And now," he bursts out. struck by a sudden sense of his position — " what am I to do now ?" ' Master," suggests the old man, m-ekly, ' there's but one way to get out of all this trouble. Go with me to the old vault below there, and let ns net the noor men out." "What?" storms St. Aubyn. "Do you want to see me hang? Bo you think they are fools enough to walk out at my bidding, and then keep thc-ir moutbe shut ? They forced me to do what I've done, and there's no turning back now," ' No, master ; it is never too late to undo a wrong," suggests the old man. ' Seymour, what is done cannot be un done; and 1 know you'll keep my secret," 6ays S\ Aubyn. "Come, my faithful old friend ; we will look up these black vaults and return to London, and ' - Master, I cannot. I have served you faithfully all my life long, and I would be willing to die now if it would free you from all this ; but I cannot leave two fellow- creatures to die a lingering death in that black fault." " What will you do, then? Betray ms 2" storms St. Aubyn. " No, master, 1 shall never betray you no matter what you do." " Come away, thc-n : this foul air is choking me." He grasped the old man's arm to lead him away, hut Seymour went down on his knees, resisting ali his efforts. " No, master, I can't go 1" " Then I'll have your life, too 1" " You may take it, and welcome, mastsr. 1 1 would much rather be rid cf it now." j St. Aubyn pub bis ' hand to bis breast, | v. hi re l:e had a deed I v weapon coccealtd, j tut drew it. tack again almost instantly. II " I wonld as focn stril e my own mother," be muttered, " if 1 had one. 1 cannot do it. But, Seymour.'' he added, with passionate earnestness, " if yon ever loved me, do hot , betray rue now — in the very hour of my I triumph too. The mm in there '" — pointing with a shudder towards the vaults beyond — " have me wholly in heir g,, ver ; their free dom wouid insure my shame and ruin. Sey mour, you would not save them and sacrifice me, would you ?" " Np. master," slowly end earnestly, '! couldn't do that." "Then there's nothing else you can do, Seymour, but to come away with me." Suddenly tbe old man's face brightened, as he turned it towards the master he loved so well. "I'll tell you what I can do," he cried; " I can stay here and keep watcb on them. Let them live, but keep them prisonere. That will make you safe, master. Y'ou know you can trust me. Lst me do that, and it will Bave your soul from murder." Tbe handsome peer stood irresolute. Even in his peril he was conscious of a curious thrill of satisfaction on hearing that his victims were yet alive. He did not care to have his happy, luxurious life haunted by a ghostly remembrance of murder if it could reasonably be avoided ; and in his weakness, and irreEolntion, and sense of guilt, he caught desperately at old Seymour's suggestion. "But how conid you manage it? You would be discovered." he said. i " kta-jnqslrr : no cn<4 vr s-croee J" t"i- pface. Give me a liUiJt money, and leave me here to take charge of the old place, that's all." St. Aubyn drew out his purse and put it in tbe old man's hand. " Have it yonr own way, then," he said, drawing a deep breath of relief — " for a time, at least. When you tire of your task, all yon have to do ia to shut up the old place and take your departure. 1 need not caution you to be careful ; I know I can trust you, Sey mour. Good-bye." They parted at tbe great studded iron door, and St, Aubyn, readjusting bis disguise. made, his way out into the blustering night with a sense of relief, as if the dread horror of bis crime had been lifted from him ; and in the lurid gloom of the dark and dismal donjon, poor faithful old Seymour began his self-imposed vigil. CHAPTER XXII. lalv caihanoka. In a darkened chamber, on a low couch beneath the casement , Ss. Aubyn's wife lay, and in a little crib, all canopied with eilks and laces, and quite near at baud, slept her babe — Lord St. Aubyn's four months-old heir. Since tbe hour of her child's birth, poor little Bees had Bever raliied. She tried hard enough — obliging, obedient sou! that the was — to hearken to her husband's advice, and rouse herself. Whenever she heard bis step on the stairs she would struggle up from her pillows, and push back her flossy hair from her thin, white face, and totter across the room to her great easy-chair : and when lie came in, nud said, 'That's right, little mother ; I'm gisd to see ycu sifting up. You feel better and stronger to-day, don't, you?" Bess would look up at him ami smite, ' and answer, " Yes, love, I think 1 do." . But the moment he was gone she would creep back to the couch, her heart in u fluiter.he-i lips like ashes, and He down, with a feeble siuh. and beg the nurse to tunve baby near, so she might touch hie little pink hand, and lock at his pretty sleeping face. She was so childishly fond cf the baby, poor Bess— so tenderly obedient to her husband, now that he was her baby's father. And thus matters went on, until l)c \ Latimer made free to sp_cak.jii3 .mmtb .TJjtjjy had beentjv--jA|;t-jljUtj jje6S paq derived no their Irebdincnt. The old, doctor looked at her white face that morning, and took her slender wrist in his fingers. "How are you this morning, my lady 2" he ssked. " Any stronger af all ?" ' I'm afraid not, doctor,'' she answered, sadly ; " and I would like to get strong ana well again for baby's sake." " So y;-u shall," said the old man, curtly ; and "he turned on his heel end went out to St. Aubyn's private room. ' Well, doctor, how about your patient ? Better tbi3 morning , isn't, she?" " No, my lord ; and that's not the worst of it. Sne'il r.ever be any better unless you follow my advice." " Wby, doctor, for Heaven's sake, " cried tbe young husband, "tell me what I am to do ?" " 1 told you, my lord, a month ago, but you would nGt heed roc. 1 see no chance of iife unless you give hir a change of air, a long sea voyage, a year or two amid the South Sea islands, or some change of that sort. She may die even ihtn ; but keep her i here and you will have her to bury before the winter Fets in." St. Aubyn threw down his book, and rose to his feet with a very grave and anxious face. That little meek, frail wife, the mother of his infant heir, was very dear to him ; the j hare thought of loeing her filled him with 1 sanness. i jju1 what was he to do ? How could he leave England at that time ? He was only just UArrlteitenn tn fflol Burn nf hiq liidiiinn citrA that no idle rumor would start up against- bis fair name, no grasping, usurping hand wrest his honors from hirn. That old rumor of tbe d;ing nun and her confession was gone and forgotten, and so was Tre heme Yant, the little, rusty iawyer who died somewhere abroad — at- Paris, it was generally believed. But the world was not so easily satisfied in regard to the mysterious disappearance or j Mr. liitb well, the riorum -U r. ! (V.iite a stir and commotion had been j raised on his account, and his wife had of- j lered great rewards lor aoy knowledge or j news in regard to him. But none came, and j at last a dead body drifted asliure somewhere J down the river Thames, which answered j pretty fairly to the description of the mis- j sing gentleman, and at the coroner's inquest it was generally agreed that it was he, and j that he bad been unfairly dealt by. j Notso with hie poor, broken-hearted wiie. ; She rejected the whole thing, and refused to identify the discolored body found amid tne muddy flats. No)otie heeded her, however, tor she was only a poor, feeble soul, who bore the name cf being weak-minded, and she left her London lodgings, and went home to Staffordshire, her husband's place cf resi dence, amid the iron districts. She. too, and her great trouble were iu time forgotten, and so was her husband's mysterious and untimely cod. The Lord o£ Nivernois Court and Marquis of St. Aubyn looked on meanwhile, well pleased, and comfortably reassured— a hand some, noble, honorable peer, clear of all sue- picion, all shadow of guilt. He encouraged himself with the assurance that the danger was over. He should never lose tbe name and heritage he prized eo j dearly. They were his own, and his infant son's for their time. Yet in the grave-like vaults of the old Cardiganshire house that hideous skeleton still lived, and poor, devoted old Seymour, growing grey with age and horror, k-pi watch at the grated door — a faithful waidc-r, i kind aud tender of heart to his poor pri soners, hut- true as steel to his young master, j Almost a year had gone by, and -yet no f change had come. Eeymonr bad not siuci- i made bis appearance in London. The poor j old man shrank from tbe faces of his fellow men as if he were a criminal. Only occa- I stonally in Jong intervals, when absolute necessity forced him, he crept down to the j nearest little town, under shadow of night, ' and purchased the focd he seeded. A peasant , woman supplied him with fresh milk, and tbe village baker with bread — quite a large quantity, too, they thought, for one old man ; hot as he .paid money down, no comments were ma(jfj>j. And ihos old Seymour lived, sitting in the sunshine, with his grey head bowed upon his hands, and kneeling on the cold stones at night for hours, begging Heaven to pardon him for the wrong he dare not right. I Only once, in tbe datknees of a Eummer night, St. Aubyn had visited this ancient haunted place. The old . warder saw bun coming, or heard his horse's hoofs on tbe eandy road below, and was in watting at tbe arched stone entrance when he arrived. The two clasped hands under the bright summer stars. " Poor faitbfol old Seymour I Well, how is it 2" St. Aubyn asked. " The same, my master — both alive." Then a dead silence reigned. The old man stood with drooping head and shaking knecB ; the young one gazed through tbe nigbt at the great grey pile rising darkly on the sum mit of tbe sea washed cliff. " Master," faltered old Seymour at last " how long must this go on ?'' " You may end it this hour, Seymour," replied St. Aubyn, with a certain hardened ring in his voice, "if you choose. According to my idea, it has gone on too long already. Are the doors all fast 2 You shall go to London with me, and Aberdudno Lodge may fall into mine." But the oid man drew back. " No, my lord ;if I am to end it that way, lb £-« jjoon , Aubyn fetipd «U "UStdL,.: irJo-ii- j-An knit, his handeoipe face looking up at the bright etars, in deep thought. He would be so glad to know that the silence of death had ended all; but he is a coward at heart, and ehivere at the very sight of the black doors that shut his victims iu. What can he do ? Nothing, only let Seymour have his way for the present. He turns, and draws out a heavy purse. ' Here's moDey "--pressing it into the old man's hand. "Have your way, if you must; but, Seymour, for mercy's sake don't fail me now " No. master." The faithful old servant goes mournfully back to his post, while his young lord mounts the horse he bag hired to bring him to the Lodge, where his journey by rail from London came to an end, and gallops away. Thus affairs stand. But how dare Lord St. Aubyn leave Eogland and his secret? Who can tc-11 what the result might be 1 And yec the life of bis wife, the one being in the universe that his selfish heart loves, is at stake. He is in an agony of irresolution. " Good gTacious, doctor,"he bursts out one morning, " what cart I do ?" " I have told you, my lord — take your wife away," responds the old man, coolly. "But I can't leave England. There are circumstances — business matters 1 mean — j that force me to remain at home." i Tbe doctor eyes him curiously, a trifle amazed at his agitated face and manner, 1 " Well," he says, quietly, " you had better send her, then, my lord, under other care. It is the only chance for her life, and that, after all. but a slight one." St. Aubyn drops bis bead forward, ana groanB in agony. " If I had some good friend going abroad !" he murmurs. The doctor catches the words, and starts to his feet. "I bave it, my lord!" he cries. "Why couldn't I remember it before 1 Why, (Sir John llutledge is going to Malta, and pro bably to Algeria, and takes his wife and daughter with him for the winter That would be the very thing, my lord, your wife needs. I think I may promise that if you'll send her out with Sir John and his family, vc-u'il have her back in six months a hale and hearty woman. They go in the Dolphin, which sails on the lOffl, and this is the Gib. You've not on hour to lore, my lord, li you care to save your wife's life, you baa better see to it. Good-day." K.. Aubyn sat for ten minutes in deep thought. Then he roEe, and made his way into the morning-room. It wes tbe pleaEontest apartment in the Manor, a luxuriously- appointed snuggery, and in a silken-cushioned chair near the open ease ment sat Lidy Cassandra Lauder. She rose as St. Aubyn entered, and stood before him, fair, willowy, and stalely as in days of yore. 'Von shouldn't sit near the onen case- ment. cousin, this damp morning," said St. Aubyn, with kind interest. " Come, sit here by tbe fire, please. I want your advice." He wheeled another chair before the bright fire in the pcK hed grate, and Lady Cas sandra crossed the room and sat down. She was on a visit to hit. Aubyn Manor, in honor of baby's birth. No two friends could possibly be on better terms than my Lady Cassandra and Lady St. Aubyn. All the old trouble was forgiven and forgotten, by simple- minded Bess at least. She was just the sort of woman to forgive a great wrong thoroughly and freely; and when, a few months after her marriage to St. Aubyn, Lady Cassandra had travelled all the way to St. Aubyn Manor, just to make her a visit when she was slightly ailing, Bess welcomed her with all her kind, forgiv ing heart- Lady Cassandra could scarcely have ex plained her own motives in making this first visit. She fancied, however, that they were puiely unselfish, and that she was sincerely repentant for the past, and anxious to make amende to Bess for all the trouble and sufl.-r- ing she had caused her. Yet human motives, like human hearts, are difficult to analyse, so prone are they to be compounded of selfish ness and deceit. But Lady Cassandra made her visit, and went down on her knees beside the invalid- chair in which Bess was sitting. " Oh. Bess, dear little Bess," she half sobbed with tears that at the moment must have been genuine, " can you forgive me ? I shall never be beppy or et rest again unless jou do. I am so sorry. I must bave been mad to do the wicked thing 1 did; but Heaven knows, my whole life shall be spent ia making amends to you, if you wiil only forgive me." Bess bent down and took the proud, fair face in both her hands. "My dear cousin Cassie," ehe said, with streaming tears and womanly kisses, " as if I could bear any malice against you all this while ! Why. I have fmgivni you years ago. j How should J, with ail my weakness and j errors, dare ask for forgiveness if I refused forgiveness to you ? There new, dear, this i thai! be the end : and henceforth you are my I dear est frieDd." When St. Aubyn came in he found hiB little wife asleep, with hc-r bead on ststely Lady Cassandra's shoulder ; and he looked on with a nod and a smile, and yet a slight feeling of paecuiine contempt for the weak trays of women. And now, after the close of her brilliant London season, Lady Cassandra had come again to make another visit. She bad reigned belle of the gay London world, and numbered scores cf lovers, and was engaged, so rumor had it, to young Lord Montraville, the very- best match of the season. But whether rumor told the truth, no one could state, for my lady's proud, impassive face never betrayed its secrets. Stately, beautiful, and regal as a queen, she came to visit tbe woman who had wedded tbe only man her passionate heart had ever loved. But if the sight of their nuptial bappiDces and the pretty face of the infant heir of the houee of St. Aubyn, gave her any pain, ehe never betrayed it by the slightest sign. "Well, St. Aubyn," she questioned, serenely, seating herself in the great chair and folding her white hands upon her lap, " what advice do you need f" " Why, I am in trouble about Bess, CaEsic," St. Aubyn remarks. " Dr. Lati mer says she is in more danger than we think." 11 Ak f f" Lady Cassandra elevates her delicate brows, and just the shadow of a flashlights her blue-gray eyes. "Yes," Ss. Aubyn goes on ; "he says if we keep her here she will die before the winter sets in, and that nothing will save her but a sea voyage and sojourn in a milder climate than this." . " Wei), then," responds my lady, with her cool smile, "what advice can you reed? Of course you will lake her without de lay?" " Well, yes, of course— that is, I would if it were possible," stammers St. Aubyn, with 9 flush mounting to his cheeks. He always feele a sort of dread of his cousirt Oissaiidr&'s eyes, they are so calm and sharp. left they discover his secret. "Yes, of course I would," he stammers. ' I'd do anything under the sun to save my poor little Iless — the bare thought of losiDg her seta me frantic — but you see. Cassie, I cannot w ell leave England now." Lady Cassandra winces, in Epite of her self-command, at St. Aubyn's tender men tion of his wife, but she responds calmly enont'h. " Uaally, cow, I see no reason wby you Cannot," "Well, there are reasons," he goes on, desperately. "I have business affairs on hand that demand my presence here, and yet I dislike to send Bass alone. Latimer tells me, however, that Sir John Butledge ia going out in the Dolphin— Ilutledge of the illDE, you KDOTS XX C ulo W1IC &lju; daughter, and they winter in Malta or Al geria ; and Latimer says it is jnst what Bess needs. Now, what am T to do? How can I let her go alone, with a chance cf never seeing her again?" He looks at Lady Cassandra, his handsome ifl tins, as" ill an- iiu'ugo c>.oe,"iiis nature is sslfisb. The proud woman's scarlet lips suddenly whiten at sight of thotjc rossmerio eyes, fnll of love and anxiety for another woman tban herself. A11 hrr life long she had loved this handsome, tr;ii-h man, and she loves him Still. A terrible pain shoots liko a knife through her heart — a pain that is half akin to hope— a vague dim hope of sheknow6 not what. But siiC roasters it in a moment, and presses her slim white hand hard against her tide, " It 13 hard," she replies, gently; " but it would be hsrder to keep her here, and then have yourself to blaire for the con sequences." So it would. I should go mad if I kept her here and she died." "Then ycu bad better send her with Sit John Kutledge." ' But the Dolphin in which they orobaik sails on the lOtb— only four days hence." " Well, we can soon make the necessary preparations. Of course Mason goes with her; and baby— what about him?' St. Aubyn's blue eyeB open wide. He has forgotten his son and heir. "By Jove," he cries, "Bess will never consent to leave her baby; aud, of course, ehe cannot take him." " Of course not ; but I think she will trust him to me. Tell her I will take charge of baby." St. Aubyn leaves the room without a word, and Lady Cassandra, rising from her tear, hurries across to tbe window, clutching is | the garnet brooch that pics her lace colter as if she were in danger of choking. CHAPTER XXI11, T11E LAST TAMING . " Look np, Bess, poor little mother ; yon mustn't cry eo." Bess lifts her head, and wipes her stream ing eyes in obedience to her husband's com mand. '-You know, my dear," he continue?, u ib at it is all for your «wn good. Latimer says you must go— nothing else will save you." "But my baby 1 Oh, St. Aubyn, think of leovin" my baby she moans, pressing the child To her breast, while her tears isi) like rain on its little pink face. S:. Aubya looks at her, and a eudden cloud darkens his flue brow. " Y-js, 1 know," lie says, " it must be hard for you to leave the chiiil. You don't seem to find it very hard to part from me though." She looked up at him with Irightened eyes. "Oh. indeed I do. It almost breaks my heart to think of leaving you. The only dif ference is, baby will miss iac so " And I shall miss you too, Bees," he cries, catching her in his arms and kissing her. " But what should I do if I lost you for good?" " Oh, dear. 1 don't think I shall die. I can't die and leave bady. Please do EOt send me awav from you." The sight of her pleading face touches him keeuiy, aud for the momc-nt he is half- teropte'd to go with her and risk everything. He cannot, but he'll try to make an end of that uglv business away in Cardiganshire, and then he may follow her. The thought reassures him amazingly. ' But my dear little Bess," he replies, pushing up her loose sleeve and disclosing her wasted arm. ' see what a shadow you j arc ! And Latimer knows best. He Fays if you make this voyage you'll come home to me and baby a hale and hearty woman." Bess looks up -md dries her eyes. " Weil, dear, of course if you say so I sra willing; hut— but "—her voice failing again — " don't you think I might manage to take baby and nurse with me ?" " Baby and nurse to Malia. and perhaps to Algeria ! Why, you silly little mother, no i P,aby wouid sicken and die on the voyage. You must leave bim behind. Csssie told roe to say that she will take charge of him, and you'll find hiui a big boy when you return." "Yes, whrn 1 return baby wiil be a bit boy — a big boy." She repeats the words in a dicann whisper, her great solemn eyes bent upon the blue waters of the river running through the green K-ntish bills. Her bu.-band watches her curiously, and then says : " You will go. Bees." If you wish it, dear, I will go." So -the matter is decided, and the hasty preparations are made. Sir John Butledge is called upon, and, after consultation with bis wife, expresses himself greatly delighted to take Lady St. Aubyn under his charge. Her maid Jenny and Mrs. Mason, St. Aubyn's old nurse, are both to go out with her. The trunks are packed, and at last the final morning comes. _ Bess stands in her chamber, robed in nun like grey, her poor weak limbs tottering under her. Lady Cassandra is at hand, with baby in her arms. "I'll take good care of him, -BeEa," she eays, earnestly, and sincerely, too, at the moment. " So kiss him and say good-bye, dear. _ You are not strong enough to bear a fingering parting. St. Aubyn, tako her away at once; she is faint now." Bess lies qnite still, with her head on her husband's arm, as they journey to the port of embarkation, but at length, as the wash of the sea reecbes her, she rouses up. " We shEffloml part now, dear," feej vVSKyoulo'ine back to me. Ah, cbfid, rHuoi let you go in this way without meHLy — well, you know how it is, my dear. So important just now to be in England. I " Yee, my dear, I know." She answers confidently. She takeB bim at his word in all things, and has no sort of suspicion that in his hidden soul there is a horrible skeleton. I don't know how I shBll live while you are gone," he continues. "It may be that 1 may follow you, if I can settle my affairs; I ceitainly shall if I can." "Well, I shall not be away such a long titiiir, ucat , nuu juu 11 unvc uouj, auu vbddic will be good to you. You must go home with her to Tresby Wold and Mount Storm when she takes baby there. I shall feel better satisfied to think you are with baby." " Will you ? I'll go, then. I'd do any thing to make you go away happy, Bess. Can you think of anything else? Is there nothing you want? — no request yon would like to make before we part?" She looks up at him with timid, wistful eyes, and her lips quiver. " There is only one thing, dear," she says, "and that seems foolish ; but you won't get angry with me, I know. You remember that old ring you took from my finger so long ago ?" "Yes, dear — here it is. I've worn it on my watch-chain ever since, even when I thought yuu were dead." He lifts his heavy chain, and the quaint old ring of twisted Indian gold flashes before her tear blinded eyes. " Would you mind giving it back to me?" she falters, a faint red rising in her waxen cbeeks. " I used to see it, and to have it on my fing-'v, oh, ec long sgo, when poor papa was alive ; and— and — they told me it was a eors of talisman. Don't think me silly, dear, but I can't rid myself of the fancy that if I wear that old iing on my long voyage, I ebail come back safe to you." Sc. Aubyn laughs, and disengages the ring from his chain. i " Wffll, jour fancy shall be humored," he says, "and I hope that the curious old triiikit rosy prove a talisman in truth. T- arc. let me put it on your finger." B as puts out her thin, waxen hand, the Si. Aur-in opal that she still wears slipping lot.!" iy .-.lout on her wasted finger. "Wi-y, how small your finger is, poor ilit.r says her husband. " You'll lese the old '. pal if you're not cartful ; 8nd I sbcu.'d gritve to lose it. The women of my race j have worn it ff -r centuries, and we must keep j it f. t out boy when he wins his bride." ; " My denr. suppose yon take it (if and keep it for iup. I might lose it on my journey." It would be a good idea." responds St. Aubyn, good- naturedly. "Your finger will j bt plump and round by the time you return." He slips it fit", and franfers it to his own little finger; and Bess, with that curious quiver still aoout ner mourn, puts on tne quaint old twisted ring. And thus they reach tbe place of parting, ant ihu= they part, with many tears and food caresses; and Bees, Marchioness of St. Aubyn, and Lady of Nivernois Court, goes fon.i upon hrr long and lonely journey — not wiLh the old St. Aubyn opal, but with Red- aior.d Carew'o queer old betrothal ring upon her wasted finger. CHAPTER XXIV. SIS MONTHS LITHE. In her own private boudoir at Tresby Wold my Lady Cassandra siis, on a drizzly afternoon in March, her regal head lettiLg on her jewelled hand, her eyes bent upon the winding high-road, dimly visible through the bleared window. The twilight is closing in, aud Bbe is waiting for St. Aubyn to return from L mdoit. He spends mostof his time in the Wold now, for liia child is there, under Lady Cassandra's care, and he finds the Manor lonely now that Bess is away. So it- turns out — and naturally enough — that he makes ibe Wold bis home. It is such a comfortable, luxurious old place, with such cheery fires, and iem pting dinners; and his cuuein Oassaudra is such a winning woman. He has been in London, however, on a week's visit, and now my lady is looking for his return. She sees him at last, the carriage coming up ti'.e sodden drive at a rapid rate. Her tyts light and her cheeks glow like carmine. She turns, aod rings her bell. " Toil nurse to bring baby down to the cay nurseiy. His father is coming," Ehe commands. Thrn the sweeps out, and is in the nursery herself when the child is brought down. There Sr. Aubyn finds them both when he comes in from the stormy weather, surrounded by warmth and luxurious beauty. In her regal robes. Lady Cassandra meets bim as he enters, with the babe in ber arms. He snatches the boy from her and com- menees to caress it. without vouchsafing even so much as a glance of recognition at Ladv Cassandra herself. — To he continued- "Bess, h'nle love, ivM;c uju" oils St. Aubyn, a iriirnorin his %vice. For 7i immiu he. j»iain3> irrcsdulc, a. tremor in his iiiuli-. jIk fi he !»t;trts on uam. as he J iini>i lenow, or I diall go ma<I i" lie tir.v-pcd tile old mini's arm to lead lumavv.iv, "but eymmtr won down on his hnu'e?, residing ail hUcfJ'otta. "IVjor faithful old Seymour! Well, how is it? St. Auto li a>kod. "Wtll. St. Aubyn,"' questioned Lady Casnn'ra, st-mhiti herm it in the £"c-at chair3 , w hat advice do you need':" "i'il tal.c £ootl care of liini, Hose," said Lady Cas- shikiih, enriiestly. "So khs hint, and say good- 