THE QUARTERLIES. In the Edinburgh Review there is a somewhat remarkable article on " The Wages of Labour." Trade unions are at present rather unpopular in England by reason of the failure of the gas stokers' strike and also of the threatened inconvenience to the public if that strike had been successful. Nevertheless, the writer strongly urges organisation among working people on the ground that the tendency of trade unions is to diminish the number of strikes. The article is written throughout in the most optimistic strain. Capital, the writer says, is rapidly accumulating. The labourer is learning to want more and more of the conveniences and luxuries of life. These two causes combined are certain to raise wages generally, " In our view the future of the working class is practically secure The growth of capital, the addition which capital makes to the value of his labour, the cheapness of the necessaries and comforts of life all these are gain to the laborer. It rests with himself to make a wise use of his opportunities, and we have every confidence that he will. Nothing was more remarkable in the recent strikes than the scant attention which the Socialists received as compared with those who held up realisable ideals. The very leaders of the movement lost half their recklessness by contact with the real working class. Already the friction between employer and employed is far less than the friction between the various classes of exchanges. There is no ground to fear that the labourer will be tempted to push his demands to a point at which capital will leave the country or individuals cease to accumulate it. He is far too shrewd, far too well grounded in the conditions of the problem, to indulge in such rashness. He has gained self-control, he has gained discipline. If he still leans to measures which savour of boycotting, it is a mere ghost of the Sheffield outrages, which still haunts the scene of industrial strife. But if he is to reap the full advantage of the richness of modern life, his character must be strengthened by self reliance, not weakened by spasmodic sentiment; his intelligence must be trained and his life brightened by a greater variety of general and special knowledge ; he must learn to rise, through the self- effacement which combination implies, to a Ben so of the responsibilities which rest upon the citizen of a great industrial community." Another article which should be read treats of Naval Supremacy and Naval Tactics." The writer combats with much spirit the view lately put forward that in case of war England must not attempt to protect her commerce. He points out that the conditions are not more unfavourable than they were in the Napoleonic wars. But it is essential that England should be thoroughly prepared, for war, in the present age, has the fury and rapidity of an American tornado ; it bursts forth, it rages, it destroys, and passes away, leaving a wreck of all that it caught unprepared." In particular, the writer recommends that the ocean-going mercantile steamers should be armed with the new quick-firing gun : "In this work the fast steamers of our craft merchant companies should be able to co-operate ; not in the way often proposed, as ships regularly commissioned for general service, but under their own officers of the Royal Navy Reserve, and under the blue ensign, following their own course of trade, and, with a suitable armament, largely helping to keep the way clear. It seems most desirable that they should be enabled to take this position at once on a declaration of war. The French Messageries, steamers, even in peace, claim the status and privilege of government ships; they are commanded by commissioned officers, and have their guns 'in the hold, ready to be brought on deck and mounted for service on the receipt of telegraphic orders from France, They would thus start on their errand of mischief with the very shortest warning, and might easily capture a number of English steamers similar to themselves, caught at a disadvantage, unarmed and unprepared. This seems a matter which a little foresight would put on a very different footing. Many, if not most of our large companies' steamers are already commanded by officers of the Naval Reserve There could be no difficulty in giving them a dormant commission to their particular ship, to take effect only on the declaration of war. With this, with the necessary fittings, and with the guns and ammunition stowed away holds, a possible danger would be converted into a new element of security. Ship for ship, our large merchant steamers need fear nothing from those of other countries; and the preponderance of numbers would be altogether in our favour. In an article on "Parliamentary Procedure," which contains some striking statistics as to the growth of questions, it is contended that the powers of the Speaker should be considerably increased, and that there is no fear of his exercising such powers in a partisan spirit There is a readable account of what " The English, in Egypt " have done, the writer coming to the conclusion that the great reforms effected would be endangered if we were to withdraw our forces in the near future. The remaining articles are literary and historical, and include two able papers on the " Conquest of Algeria " and " The Voyage of the Challenger." The political article in the Quarterly is merely a recapitulation of the wise and worthy things which the Conservative Governments have done, and of the stupid and wicked things the Liberals might do if they were restored to office. Perhaps the most remarkable article is one on "The Church in Wales." The writer certainly succeeds in showing that the Church has lately been making great efforts. Another excellent article is that on " Haddon Hall," in which the histories of the great Vernon and Manners families are given. There are also articles on Extradition on the "Italian Condottiere," and on "Early Christian Biography," which are worth reading ; but the number is not a brilliant one. The Scottish Review begins with those four articles :-" Ecclesiastical Music in Presbyterian Scotland," "The Prehistoric Levant," "The Vikings," and " The Capture of Versailles." Here are four excellent subjects, and the articles will be read with the utmost pleasure. In the first there is a curious account of the practice of " lining": "As early as 1740 the General Assembly had recommended to private families that in their religious exercises singing the praises of God, they go on without the intermission of each line' Up to the early part of the present century, however, the practice still survived in public worship, and great resentment arose in nearly every quarter where attempts were made to abolish it. Many people, indeed, left the Church of Scotland, and joined the seconders solely on account of the abolition of ' lining out.' A number of dissenting congrega- tions,' says the Rev. G. W. Sprott, owed their origin not to patronage, not to unovaugelical preaching in the parish church, but to the introduction of paraphrases, and the omission of the reading of the line; and others were largely increased from these causes. These determined prejudices were carried to the ends of the earth. I remember old Scotsmen in the colonies who never entered church because the line was not read out as they had been accustomed to hear it in the old country. Lining oft has long ceased in all but the most remote districts of the country, and indeed the continuance of the practice when every one could afford to purchase a psalm book and could read it would have bean absurd." The paper on the Vikings discusses the new theory that the origin of the Aryan race is to be found in Scandivia, and not, as everybody thought till lately, in the Himalayan mountains. We have also received the English Historical Review, which, besides a mass of information useful to the student of history, contains two excellent papers on " The Execution of Major Andre," and on " The German Peasant War of 1525." 