A Troublesome Ghost. Br R. G. GLADSTONES. Round the camp fire we sat one summer night, Watching the red embers glow, Spinning yarns, "talkinghorse," in its ruddy light. I remember it long, long ago. We had ridden all day in the blazing sun, O'er the red scorching plains to and fro; For the boss had set us to muster the run, Five hundred square miles or so. Our supper was over, the pipes in full blast, And we called upon Bob for a story (A garrulous type of the bushman was he, And at " Yarn pitching" quite in his glory.) "Well what shall I give you this time, lads?" said Bob, Turning questioning eyes round the camp. " Oh, give us the yarn of 'The Trotting Cob' Who startled you at the Black Swamp " " Well, this was the way of it, boys," said he: "You know that infernal old spot Stood right in the midst of the Old Man Plain, (And where is the drover does not?) In the winter stock route from Hay to the Murray A dark and a desolate camp; I don't want to see it again in a hurry, That dreary and dismal black swamp. We had travelled the mob from our camp at the Ridge O'er the wide stretching, treeless plain, And I had the midnight watch to take (I didn't half like the game); For 'twas said, that far back in the early days A drover camped here with his mob, And one of his men broke his neck on the spot By a fall from a grey trotting cob. "And every night between twelve and one His ghost comes back to the swamp, And, riding the wraith of the old grey cob, Rounds-up the cattle on camp. I had been on watch for about an hour In the dark and gloomy night, When all of a sudden my horse started back, Snorting and quiv'ring with fright. "And well he might, for out of the gloom Rose the ghost of a rider and steed, Trotting like mad, while each bullock turned tail, And scoured o'er the plain at full speed. I shouted and spurred, my horse wouldn't budge, But stood as if frozen to stone, While four hundred cattle stampeded the plain, Every hoof of the whole mob gone. "You may bet I was scared as I turned back to camp, And roused the boss out of his bunk, He didn't quite swallow my yarn of the ghost, But hinted I'd gone and got drunk. For, you know, on the road, not far from the place, Was a crib where they sold fighting grog, And he swore I'd been there and got on the spree Bah! their liquor would poison a dog, "As soon as the day broke we got on the track Of the beasts (it was easy to follow), For they'd torn up the 'ground in their ter rible rush, We came on them down in the hollow. Near the old bridge across the Billabong Creek They had stopped, and were quietly feed ing, For they'd galloped some miles from the haunted camp, And were heartily sick of stampeding." And this is the yarn of the Trotting Cob, As told by the grisly stockman, Rob. Four things come not back: the spoken word, the sped' arrow, the past life, the neglected opportunity. Be fit for more than the thing you are do ing. If you are not too large for the place. you are too small for it. Ir,"Iehs bin der Vaterland !' said Prince Bismarck. " Not if I know it I" cried the young Kaiser, as he hit him over the month with a German sausage, smote him in the rear with the Imperial boot as he turned to go, and then slammed the door behind him. A hostess who wants to make her dinner may have them as simple as she likes, but there are some laws she must observe as strictly and with as much fear as were those of the Medes and Persians. She must not have tepid oysters. She must not have the napery starched until a nian with a young moustache feels that every time he puts his napkin to his lips he is risking the destruction of the pride of his life. She should count the sweets of the least importance, and not believe that a bad din ner can be bolstered up by a very much, decorated cake or pudding. She should see that her coffee is as clear as her conscience, and as strong as her love. The woman who understands the art of dinner.giving is the woman who is past mistress of the art of keeping her husband at home. A SOVEREIGrN RECIPE. First Young Matron (whose pretty face shows traces of a recent marital explanation) -"You always seem to get on perfectly with your husband; how do you do it dear ." SecondYoung Matron-"I've averysimple recipe: I always tell Billy everything, then he can't hear it from somebody else." First Young Matron (awe.struck) - "Everything I II" \- Second Young Matron -" Yes ; everything tha he could possibly find out." IS MARRIAGE A FAILURE ? He-"I loathe you."' SShe--" I acorn and despise you I' He (happy thought)-" Let's marry and raise a museum freak." She-"It would be too monstrous." 600 