ALICE: LESLIE. BY PEROY B. Sx. JOHN. CHAPTER XXV. THE FOUR RI(NVES. ~Their way was across a churchyard of some extent, which stood between the village and the park. There was a gravel pathway leading to it, .up which the pair strolled in silende, until they entered the burial-ground. Their footsteps could scarcely be heard on the soft path beneath. The churchyard lay in the deep gloom of trees, and of a large ivy-clad church. At the extremity of the east ern wall, and on the edge of a common, •stood a low building, to all appear ance uninhabited. Over the doorrose a gibbet, on which a crow hung in chains. Athol and Dr. Littleton were ad vancing up the path by the eastern wall, at the end of which was the hut in quEstion, when they first became aware of their not being alone. Whis pared voices reached them from where the ivy hung over the tombs. They stobd still; as they did so, the voices were raised. "And now keep yourself quiet un til you are wanted," said one; " any blunders and tomfooleries will ruin all.' When I want you I will send for you; and mind you, if you mention my name, I'll break every bone in your body." .' It's all right; mum's the word; Tim Dash ain't a fool. Good night, sir." "Good night." And they separated. The first speaker turned in the direction of the path which led to Selbourne House; the other leaped a low" wall, and pro ceeded to the inn. "r What can this mean ?r-Fairfield Gordon and that low fellow-they must be hatching some crime," said Gerard Athol, in a low voice. "'Y ou know the first speaker?" "LHe is' a guest at the house--a friend of Walter Montague's. He has a pretended'claim to the hand of Miss *Bertha Gordon, but I believe she has repulsed him." "The other fellow came from London with me," said the doctor; " a regular London pickpocket." "Strange-- but what have we here ?" As he spoke something tall seemed to rise from a distant tomb, andshake itself in the night air. It then ad vanced, mumbling and muttering, towards them, but as yet without seeing them. "I:?'s not clear to me they're not rogues together, plotting at such an hour, amid the bones and rank grass \--under the ivy, too. It's a wicked world; but what matters it to me? Crime and evil bring grist to my mill !" "V hat, Old Mortality -- Simon Delf--art still alive ?" cried the doctor, cheerfully; "wonders will never cease !" "Avaunt, spirit of evil! I defy thee! Thou darest not take that shae ! I say he is dead 1" cried the terrified sexton, starting back.' "Not half dead, my master," said the doctor, gaily; "but come on, man, it's not my ghost, but myself." He then whispered to the other, who stood gaping at the man who spoke to him with absolute awe. "You said--Lord, save us !-that wonders would never cease. That I should live to see this day! Oh, my-"* "Nonsense ! Lead the way to your hut, and there you can tell us what these two knaves were doing in the churchyard at this strange hour." *"Two knaves! it's my idea there were four. First came a black man and a Jew. The son of Israel called the other prince." "Prince Omrah !" cried Gerard Athol; " what new villainy is this ?" "Who is Prince Omrah-?" asked Littleton, quickly; "not the son-in law of old Doctor Black ?" " "The same." "What does he here ?" S"The doctor is dead," said Athol,. "and has left his vast wealth to a granddaughter, Alice Leslie, whose house, Pierrepoint Castle, Miss Bertha Gordon now inhabits." "But the prince ?" " Claims the other's wealth. He is down here with no good purpose. From him, too, Bertha Gordon is in danger." "I heard such a name mentioned," said Simon Delf, in his croaking voice. "Then there is foul treason abroad." "'To the hut," said the doctor; " there we can learn what the grave digger has to say. We can act'better when we have a hint of their inten tions." Simon led the way, pushed open the door, and then, opening a lantern which he held in his hand all the time, begged them to be seated. The man himsell was tall, thin, and aged, but still erect and firm. He was sixty- seven, but if he were him. self to be believed, still expected to bury half the parish. * Before the empty fireplace lay an aged dog, that puffed, and blew, and wheezed in its sleep, but, from old habit, did not move when the strangers * entered. They were with his master, and that was all he required to know. " And now, old Simon Delf," said the doctor, seating himself in the old armchair, "tell us what you know." "It's little enough," replied Simon, "its all the dog's doings. The ani mal was lying there about an hour ago, while I read my old:Bible. Sud denly it growled savagely, and raised its head. 1 knew that strangers must be about, for the dog will never oven open its eye when one of the villagers cross the church.yard. 'Lie down,' said I; and I peered out in thenight, !or the moon shone then. Well, peering round, I saw on the path out side, on the common, two men slowly walking up; one was a black, tall man, the other aregular J3ew." "What said they ?" asked Athol, hurriedly. Delf related all he had heard. "1oney is no object," said the prince, 'so that I succeed. Nothing can be done till we hear from the north; but keep quiet,'I may want you to persuade Miss Bertha Gor don." The Jew replied that he was at the other's orders, and receiving a sum of money as earnest, they parted. S"Mr. Athol," said the doctor, in a low tone, "You are right; evil is in tended. But the others- heard you what they said ?' " I heard when I crept upon them, behind the tombs, that they, too, spoke of Bertha Gordon, but how or in what way I cannot tell," replied Simon. "Young man," said Doctor Little ton, "all this is very suspicious. It complicates the work I have to do. But I will not flinch. We will keep watch; and trust me-I have seen a little of the world--we will spoil their machinations." "Sir," cried Athol, in an agitated tone, "I am surrounded by mys teries, dangers, and dificulties. I want a friend in whom I can con fide." "Will you not confide in me ?" "I know you not. You are not what you seem. I believe you to be my friend, but by what title ? Am I to trust you, or are you like Walter, the prince-like Fairfield, an other hollow, false pretender to the name ?" The doctor looked at him. At this moment the old dog, which had been standing on its legs and lis tening to their voices for some minutes, gave a strange whine, and, leaping forward, began licking the other's hands. "Impossiblo! it cannot be cried the amazed doctor; "it is not Dash -eighteen years-it surely is not !" "It is," replied Simon Delf, solemnly. "Great God! it is not to be l And so, old earth-worm, you knew me, too ?" "I did." "Mr. Gerard, Athol," said the doctor, "If you will give me your solemn promise not to use the infor mation in any way--not to reveal to living soul either my secret or your own-it shall be made known to you. I said I would not" tell, but my old friend will forgive me." "I promise, on my honour, as a man," said Gerard. " Simon Delf, go on; take the key of that vault, and lead the way." Simon Delf took a packet of keys from the wall, and without a word led the way into the open air. .The night was now pitchy dark; the moon had set in a bank of dark clouds, a cold wind blew over church yard and common, but the sexton took no note of either weather or darkness, but preceded them to the church, which he entered by a small door. His companions followed him in silence. The elder man was thinking of the past-of the many happy hours he had spent near where he now stood, and then of the gloomy errand which now brought him to the spot. The young man burned with anxiety to know his fate. He was on the threshold of a great mystery, which, with all his desire to un fathom, he did not even guess at. What was he about to learn ? and why was he taken to that gloomy spot ? He was even more astonished when, raising a heavy trap, Simon Delf led them into the vaults. It was a long and sombre crypt, surrounded by the mouldering remains of humanity. The doctor paused and looked reverentially around. They were in the vaults exclusively devoted to the Earls of Selbourne. " What do we here ?" said Athol. "T"his way," replied Doctor Little ton. The sexton opened a small door, hidden in a recess of the wall, and entered. The two men followed him. It was a smail vault, which had been built apart from the rest, or at all events walled off from the others, at a comparatively recent period. It con tained one marble slab over a large leaden coffin. " Take the lantern," said the doctor, huskily, "and read; :you will then Imow who and what you are; but on your soul,' remember your solemn promise." "Whose coffin lies here I" whis pered Gerard Athol. "Your mother's 1" Athol tottered forward, and, raising the flickering lantern, endeavoured to decipher the inscription. Simdn Delf looked as if cut from stone. He and the artist and work men--these latter all strangers- alone knew of the presence of a stranger in the ancestral vaults of the Shelbournes. But Simon Delf did not know that she had left a son. The doctor folded his arms, bowed his head, and waited. He was over .whelmed with emotion. SIn the name of all that is merci ful," cried Gerard Athol, wildly, "is all this true ?" " What ?" ",Is this my mother? And my father ?" "To his arms, my noble son[' cried the doctor, "for I am hle." Athol would have sunk on the ground from excess of emotion, but the other saved him. Between the two he was dragged from the vaults, and almost carried into the open air. "And now, my dear Gerard Athol--for such With others is your 'name--to prove myself worthy of your trust, I exact the most profound secrecy. I did wish the son of Laura to win the favour of the earl; he has done so. Let him now try what he can do with the Lady Alicia Monta gue. ' ", Bat,.. my dear father, she is en gaged to Walter." "The mean, the wretched villain ! I could tell that of him would make your flesh creep with disgust and horror. But all in good time. I have method in my madness. 'Tis so; to wish to reward the innocent and punish the guilty. You have added to my task, but I care not. Do you watch well both this prince and Fair field Gordon. Give me fair warning if they show sign of action. And now, Heaven bless you and aid you ! Good night. The hour is far ad vanced, and youth needs rest." "Nay, father, I would gladly re main with you until morning." "Tut! utt! nonsense! Youarea pretty lover not to know theimportance of sleep to good looks. I shall see you every day, so now good night. I and old Simon will have a word or two, and then I, too, will retire." Gerard Athol unwillingly yielded to the influence of his newly-recovered parent, and, after a cordial embrace, left him. It was with new and strange emo tions that he approached the palatial residence, where an earl's footman was sitting up for him, and where slumbered the queen of his thoughts. Hope had entered within the council chamber of his heart for the first time since he gazed upon Lady Alicia Montague. The surly footman who let him in was soon turned into an obsequious menial. He could not himself have said if this change had been wrought by the guinea he received, or the haughty, imperious manner of the young man, so utterly unlike the un obtrusive private secretary. CHAPTER XXVI. THE PONY PHIETON AGAIN. THTE sun seemed to shine with unex ampled splendour, the sky looked bluer than it was wont to look, the flowers from the lawn sent up an un usual fragrance, as Gerard Athol, awakened by the first breakfast bell, sprang to his window and looked out. For the first time since he had been at Selbourne he felt an interest in the landscape. He gazed with something like reverence at the oaks and other rare old trees, which made the pack so picturesque and beautiful, and he sighed when a vague dread made him still fancy that Welter Montague might one day own all this. But his father had told him it was impossible. Strange it was, but quite true, that Gerald Athol had never for one mo ment questioned the statement which took from his name the suspi cion of hishonour, which gave him honoured" parents, and an honourable station in society, which even persuaded him that it was not utterly useless to aim at the hand of Lady Alice Montague. It was with head erect, and with a proud and assured glance, that Athol made his entrance at last into the breakfast-room. " +My lord, he said, with a graceful ease, a polished assurance which astonished himself, as he bowed to the whole party, "I have to apologise for my being late. A messenger from my dear guardian sent for me at mid night, and detained me much longer than I expected." "Sir, no excuses," cried the earl; "but what news of Thornton ?" "He is well, but detained appar ently upon my business ?" "Upon your business !" exclaimed Walter Montague, laughing. "Why, man, how long is it since you have had business ?" "I dare say, Walter," said Gerard Athol, with astonishing gravity, "you would be surprised to learn the exact nature and importance of my business -you above all people, but I am pledged at present to secrecy. This, however, I do know, that I have every reason to honour and regard those parents who gave me birth." " Ah," said the earl, much moved, "then your father's name is no longer a mystery." "It is, my lord, but only I hope for a few days. The rector is hourly ex pected home," said Athol, who had re ceived permission to give such general hints as these. "And does the news raise or de press you?" said the earl, thought fully. "It raises me," replied Athol, with an almost imperceptible glance at Alicia, which she saw and understood, " quite as high as ever I'wished to be raised." "I am glad of it--proud of it i" said the earl, warmly, and now with out agitation. "Will your lordship permit me to add that I must humbly request to re main here now solely as your guest. To accept the handsome salary you have hitherto allowed me would' now be simply absurd. I would give my right hand to be more explicit, but I cannot." "You shall live here, stay here, die here, my boy, if you please 1" cried the earl, with a warm grasp of the hand. "Nay, Walter, do not frown; after my death, of course my power will cease, and yours will begin. Gerard Athol murmured something which the earl alone caught. He rose suddenly from the table, and left the room. Gerard followed to the door. "Young man l' said the earl, in hurried accents, " 'tie useless to keep secrets which are divined. But you shall not betray his secret. Look at me once more--look at me with those eyes." (To bo Coot+c'uo.) 