MEETING AT PRAHRAN. A MEETING of a successful character was held in the new Town Hall, Prahran, on Friday evening, the 27th ult., when a stirring address was delivered by Mr. Cox, M.P. Owing to a slight indisposition, the result of overwork, Mr. Deasy was unable to keep his appointment and address the meeting, as notified. The Mayor of Prahran had kindly consented to take the chair, but being unavoidably absent his place was ably, filled by the Very Rev. J. L. Hegarty. On the platform were the Revs. P. O'Donoghue (Sale), W. Ganley (St. Kilda), and P. H. Boyle; Messrs. O'Callaghan, J.P., Edmund Keogh, J.P., Toomey, Clinch, C. Fox, Hegarty, P. Byan, J. J. Conroy, and M. Timmens. The Rev. Fr. Hegarty said they would be surprised at not seeing the Mayor in the chair, his Worship having promised to preside. It appeared, however, that when his Worship kindly consented to take the chair at their meeting he was unaware of the fact that he had previously promised to take part in another meeting in the hall adjoining. They were rather unfortunate in holding their meeting that evening, there being counter attractions both at Prahran and St. Kilda. However, they had a right to be thankful in having the use of the principal hall in the city in which to hold their meeting; they were luckier than the Irish people who resided in other districts about Melbourne. They might discuss atheism, hypnotism, or any other "ism" they liked in these town halls, but they must not discuss the Irish question. Anything but that. He had great pleasure in introducing Mr. Cox to the meeting, Mr. Deasy being indisposed, and consequently unable to keep his engagement. The chairman then read letters of apology from Dr. Leger Erson and other well-known gentlemen, who, while sympathising with the objects of the meeting, regretted their inability to attend. The Rev. J. Fitzgerald, of South Yarra, could not be present, but sent his cheque for £3 3s. This was supplementary to £1010s. given by him at the Melbourne meeting. (Applause.) Mr. Cox, who was well received, said he regretted that, through the illness of Mr. Deasy, he was obliged to stand alone that evening. In the absence of his colleague, the serious duty devolved upon him of explaining briefly to the meeting some objects they had in view, and some features and aspects of the Irish question They could not expect that he would be able to present to them in one address all the phases of this great question; but there were one or two prominent points that he felt called upon to deal with. What with coercion and landlordism, Home Rule and the various things hanging thereto, it would be absolutely impossible for him to deal at full length with every one of these subjects. Many of them were aware that his visit to the colony was not altogether, in the first instance, of a purely political character. He came here to recruit his health, which was somewhat shattered; and many of them were aware that the cause of his illnesS was due to his acquaintance with the Coeroion Act. (Cheers.) He had had the honour— which was the highest that could be paid to any Irishman—of being imprisoned no fewer than five times for asserting the right of the people to free speech and public meeting and that combination which the Government allows to the landlords and which is employed against the tenants. He would not trouble them at any length with the wretched treatment that the Government extended to its Irish political prisoners. When he spoke of his own experiences he could assure them that it was not with the object of exciting their sympathy, though he was proud to receive it. He found that in the colonies they were accused of hypocrisy and falsehood when they condemned the Government for imprisoning the people, while they were hand and glove with the Liberal party which had treated them even worse than the Tories had. It was true that they had had occasion to denounce the Liberals in the House of Commons, but they had never withdrawn a single word they said. Their altered attitude towards the Liberals was due to the change of side on the part of the Liberals. The members of Parliament and political prisoners of to- day were treated in a vastly different manner than under the Coercion Act of Mr. Foster. They had now to wear the garb of the criminal and sleep on the plank bed, to live on bread and water, and herd with the lowest classes, and all for what ? For advising the people to combine to protect themselves. They were, in fact, treated as the vilest malcontents. It was very different under the Act of Mr. Foster. He (Mr. Cox) was a very old gaol-bird, and could speak with authority. (Laughter.) He was in under both Acts, and could make comparisons. Under Mr. Foster's Act they were not knocked down and the olothes torn ruthlessly from their backs. They were permitted to get in their own food, furnish their cells, carry on correspondence, and see their friends. They were allowed to associate with each other, and treated as all civilised Governments treated their political prisoners, and not as pickpockets and wife-beaters. It was said that there was no difference between their treatment now and under Mr. Gladstone, hut there was a great difference. Mr. Gladstone and his Cabinet had admitted to the world that they had committed a great wrong, and that their policy WBS a miserable failure. Lord Spencer had ruled in Dablin with a rod of iron, and with no faltering nerve. There was no man who denounced Lord Spencer more than he had, and there was no man in England whose hand he (Mr. Cox) would now more readily shake. Lord Spencer was of the flower of English chivalry. (Cheers.) Having coerced Ireland unjustly for a time, he had made up his mind to spend the remainder of his life in trying to undo the wrong that he had perpetrated. In doing so he was showing the very spirit of heroism. Lord Carnarvon had gone on his knees to Mr. Parnell, and asked him to formulate a scheme of Home Rule. The Irish party were prepared to fight for what they wanted until they got justice, and that measure of Home Rule which they themselves demanded. He could not pass over a great event without referring to it, and that was the decision of what was known as the Tinws-Parnell Com mission. The world had been for a con siderable time on the tiptoe of expectation, hut the suicide of Richard Pigott, the forger, put an end to their expectancy. For a long time they had anxiously looked forward to the result of the Commission, which was safely delivered of its mouse of a report the other day. He was not going to blame the Commission for its finding; it was quite immaterial to them what their finding was, for the only respect they had extended to it was the respect that was dragged from them. They were accused in the House of Commons the day on which the letters originally appeared, by Sir Charles Lewis, who moved that the House take notice of them, and that a Commission be appointed to enquire into the validity of these letters. Mr. Parnell got up, and made a similar demand. Thiey had precedent to show that their demand was fair and constitutional, and it was supported by Mr. Gladstone and the Liberal party. An inquiry was asked for, and refused, and upon that the Irish members declared that they would not respect any other commission. Then the jugglery commenced, and Mr. Smith, the FirBt Lord of the Treasury, was found in daily consultation with Mr. Walter, of the Times, and Sir Richard Webster; and between them this tribunal was concocted. With all due respect to the judges, they were most violent political partisans. They knew them to be prejudiced and bigoted. Mr. Justice Day was a Roman Catholic—and strange to say, with one or two exceptions their bitterest opponents were Soman Catholics. They repudiated the Commission and its findings. It was a tribunal of their countries political enemies and their worst political opponents. Anyhow, the result was that Mr. Parnell now stood before the world without a stain on his character. (Cheers.) While they employed the vilest means ever employed by a political party to remove its political opponents, the poisoned dagger of forgery and malice, they stood to-day with their heads ereot, while their enemies were humbled in the dust. (Cheers.) In God's omnipotent justioe he would see that the Irish people would be relieved from their bitter yoke of centuries, and it might be that the sins of their enemies would come to their assistance to revenge the wrongs of years. Between the Government and the Times the dice were loaded, and with it all what was the result? Pigott lay dead in a foreign land, and the Times pays £5000 to Mr. Parnell and coBts to the very last farthing. They thought to screen the paymasters of Dick Pigott. They tried to lay the ghost, but the ghost would not be laid; and he promised them that before it was all over there were gentlemen and noblemen in England who would have to lower their heads over this matter. They knew who pulled the strings and paid .Pigott for forging these letters—(cheers)—and so would the publio before long. They hadn't the courage to do this dirty work themselves, but paid Dick Pigott to do so for them. The men who were behind the Times were worse than Pigott, who merely put out his hands and grasped the gold that was given to him. In the matter of Home Rule, what they wanted was simply to get what the Australian colonies had to-day. They wanted to have restored to them part, at least, of those rights and privileges of which they were deprived over ninety years ago. Ireland had a Parliament from the time of the free Parliament of Grattan up to 1800, and during that time Ireland enjoyed such an era of prosperity and happiness that she was the equal in these respects of any other country in Europe. And if Ireland was one of the most prosperous countries, so also was Dublin one of the gayest capitals. The darkest days of Ireland's darkest history then set in, and from that time forward her troubles followed each other in rapid succession. So great was the traffic in SackvOlestreet when Dublin was the seat of Ireland's Legislature that a law had to be passed regulating the traffic on that well known thoroughfare. To-day that noble street was still there, but it was possible to deploy two of her Majesty's largest regiments up and down it without interfering with the traffic to any appreciable extent. Then, Dublin had its manufactories by the score; to-day, there wasn't a loom in the whole city. There was another fact which spoke most eloquently of what Ireland had suffered by being deprived of her Parliament, and that was the deplorable falling off in the population. They were at the end of the last century nine millions, prosperous, contented, and happy; to- day, they were barely four and a half millions. Since their connection with England by this cursed union they had lost exactly half of their population, and for this handful the hat bad to be sent round every deoade, if not oftener. Before the close of last session Mr. Balfour was asked in the House by Mr. Ellis how many men had left Ireland within a certain period. No fewer than 47,600 had left the country in three months, and this Mr. Balfour was obliged to admit. It was not the old men and old women and children who were leaving, but the bone and' sinew of the country, who were flying as from a plague. In fact, there was nothing but old men and women and children left in the land to-day; and it was to try and stem this state of things that they demanded Home Rule. As an illustration of how things were messed under the Imperial Parliament, Minister after Minister had set himself the Herculean task of reforming Ireland. Last session the Tory Government came down to the House with their bills for the settlement of the Irish question; at least, they were going to try and settle it. They were going to drain the Shannon and the Barrow and the Bann The previous efforts of deceased Governments in this direction would make the groundwork for a splendid eomic opera. Between 1847 and 1861 £264,000 was spent in a futile attempt to make the Bann navigable. When the Bann was made navigable it would not draw a row-boat, let alone a steamer. After a quarter of a million had been spent on the work there came a flood, and the steamer was started; but one day she ran ashore, and when the water subsided, it was found that the craft had landed high and dry on the top of a haystack. (Laughter.) The annual balance-sheet of the concern showed that it had cost £1100 to earn a revenue of £70. That was how Ireland was to be saved by the Tories. (Laughter.) He was appointed on the Commission to take evidence, but as he was nearly always in gaol he could not give much of his time to the work. (Laughter.) In the face of the strongest evidence to the contrary, the Government were trying to force down the throats of the House of Commons this bill, and wring from the taxpayer £55,000 to try and undo the work of previous Goverments, who had squat " £240,000 on the same object. If they had their own Parliament to-morrow they could not make a greater blunder than the Imperial Parliament were now making in Irish affairs. They were fighting an np-hill battle in Ireland, with no one to help them but their fellow-countrymen abroad. When their people were being so cruelly decimated the Times administered the consolation that Irishmen would soon be aB scarce in Ireland as Indians were. (" Shame.") The Irish people at home knew they were safe in appealing to their countrymen abroad, for they nad never appealed in vain. They appealed to them now for their practical support and their moral influence to help them to keep their suffering people in their houses, which they themselves built. They wanted to live on terms of amity and peace with the people of England. They never had had any quarrel with the people of England, but only with their rulers. No man was ever insulted in Ireland because he was an Englishman. The stranger was always welcome there. There must be a true and lasting union between the peoples of these countries, and it was to bring about this union that they appealed to those there that night. (Cheers.) Sir Bryan O'Loghlen moved—" That this meeting cordially sympathise with the Irish tenants, and that a subscription list be now opened." He expressed his pride as a Clare man that Clare was represented so worthily by a gentleman of Mr. Cox's undoubted ability, eloquence, and culture. Memory threw a golden halo round everything from Clare. In 1828 the Freemen of Clare carried Catholic emancipation, and Mr. Cox now stood in the place that the great O'Connell once occupied. (Cheers.) Thirteen years ago the men of Clare paid. . him the honour that no one, perhaps, ever was paid before—an honour that he could never repay—the honour of electing him their representative. He regretted that he was not able to return to his native land and struggle in that position for the liberties of Ireland. They saw by the cable that for doing the most blessed thing—for providing shelter for the roofless evioted—people were sent to gaol in. Ireland, to herd with criminals. Journalists had been sent to gaol for advocating the cause of the tenants. The speaker then gave a graphic account of a bush fire which he had witnessed at Eirkstall the previous day, in which the houses of several settlers had been destroyed, and they themselves thrown out on the roadside. It was a pitiful and heartrending spectacle; but even their lot was Paradise compared with what some of the poor tenant-farmerB in Ireland had to endure. He saw eviction scenes in Ireland whioh made him vow that whenever he had an opportunity he would raise his voice against the system which tolerated them. He trusted the day was not far distant when the tenants of Ireland would be the owners of the land they tilled, that they might bring up their families in peace, prosperty, and comfort. There were 16,000 evictions in Ireland last year. For subscribing this money to help their unfortunate countrymen they were guilty of a crime punishable by six months' imprisonment in Ireland. Still they were told that Irishmen were not exceptionally governed. The Very Rev. Fr. Ganley had much pleasure in seconding the motion. He referred to the mendacity of the Tory Press and the terrible straits they had been driven to as exemplified by the forged letters. In Melbourne the morning papers had given their decision on the forged letters long before the judges had had time to give their opinion; and what a sorry figure they cut now. The landlords would have to be exterminated from Ireland, for they had been a curse to the country. He called upon those present to refute the calumnies of the Tory Press by the generosity of their subscriptions. The success of the Irish party in the paBt was a security of their success in the future; and they could rest assured that the day was not far distant when Mr. Parnell and his noble band would establish an Irish Parliament in College Green. (Cheers.) Mr. P. H. Nihill said he was a Clareman himself. He was in Ireland lately, and some of the sights he had witnessed had made hia heart bleed. He had witnessed a most painful eviction scene on the banks of the Shannon on a cold, wet, miserable day. He could assure them that his heart nearly broke when he considered - that such things were possible in any civilised country. If they only saw the sights that met his gaze on " all hands, they would, he felt sure, weep tears of blood over them. The Very Rev. Fr. Hegarty said it was impossible for Irishmen to leave their national sentiments at home when they came to this country. They were carrying on a conflict between right and wrong, between justice and iniquity—a conflict which had never once ceased since the English soldiers first planted their accursed feet on Irish soil. (Cheers.) Irishmen would never forget those whose blood flowed in their veins, and it was to help them that they had come there that night. The motion was put and carried with acclamation, A collection was then taken up in the room, and over £72 was subscribed. Mr. O'Callaghan proposed a hearty vote of thanks to Mr. Cox for his eloquent address. It was surprising that such men were put in gaol in a free country like Great Britain; but then Ireland was not one of the free portions of the Empire. With the cause in such hands there was no fear for the result. Mr. Tuomy seconded. Mr. Cox acknowledged the vote in a few complimentary words. He waB greatly touched with the kindness of the Irishmen in Australia. Mr. Clinch said they had sent home upwards of £10,000 from Victoria sinoe the arrival of the envoys. He paid a high tribute 'to the priests of Victoria, who had worked so hard and earnestly in the cause. (Applause.) The Rev. Fr. Hegarty said that the prieBt'a place was by the side of his people, and then he was generally to be found. Such had always been his pleasure, and he was sure the pleasure of every priest in Victoria. They all loved Ireland, and were ready tp assist her. (Cheers.) 