THE YOUNG FOLKS JAPANESE CHILDREN. Owingto their loagexclasaveness, the Japanese race has many peculiarities which are novel to us. Their former isolation has, however, as everybody knows, given way to freedom of intercourse, and numbers of their youth are constantly sent to Europe for educational purposes. These young people are intelligent and keen, but they are so much upon the watch for our peculiarities that it is easy to see they are not to the manner born; they are the creation of another civilisation, with different habits and customs. To begin with the beginning, Japanese babies are not pampered, and petted, and made into hothouse plants. Mothers work upon what is known as the toughening theory. Plenty or life in the open air, often in a state of nudity and with the head shaved, is the common treatment. In the house babies are left much to their own devices. Most of the furniture of a European home is not seen among the Japanese. Thick mats are almost the only adornment, and that makes a splendid playground for the little children. Su in oi must be made from a girdle which its mother had worn previously, the material being dyed skyblue for that purpose. Among the wealthier families the "Kecord of Ceremony" says that "twenty-four baby robes, twelve of silk and twelve of cotton, must be prepared, the hems being dyed saffron colour," and that when the child has been washed its body " must be dried with a fine handkerchief of cotton unhemmed. The next important business is giving it a name. The child is taken to the temple and merely presented there, without any religious ceremony. The father gives three names to the priest, and he writes them on separate pieces of paper, which are mixed together, and then, with certain forms, thrown into the air. The first that falls is the chosen name. Ibis is written out on paper and given to the child's parents to preserve. The priests at these times are usually very liberally dealt with by parents' In the matter.of presente, fad. they, ore «q«ctedto &Bep; an accurate registry of ffie~clulaKad pre-'' seated at the temple. "Oien follows a family feast at home, at which time the child receives certain specified presents; if it is a girl, a pot of pomade; if a boy, two fans. In both cases a packet of flax thread is added, signifying good wishes for a long life. Ancient customs provide that the baby clothes may be left off on the seventy-fifth day after birth, but they Must be left off on the one hundred and twentieth, which is the time set for weaning the child, rhere are elaborate ceremonies connected with this, one of which is that as feeding by hand begins then, if the child is a boy it must be fed by % gentleman of the family; if a girl, by a lady. When a boy is three years old a sword-belt is buckled on. When he is seven he has two small swords put in it if he nappens to belong to the privileged class. Babies always have the bead shaved until they are four years old, then three little patches are grown. Children in Christian lands are very fond of hearing stories like "Cinderella" and "Jack the Giant Killer," '' Beauty and the Beast;" and, strange to say, Japanese babies have the same taste, and, still stranger, have those same stories, but some also that are peculiar to themselves, like the story of the "Two Bamboos," which is here given : By the ride of the bay of Yeddo, on a beautiful bank, grew two bamboo trees. One was tall, lusty, and strong ; the other graceful, drooping, aud tender. Said the stronger to the weaker: " I should like to know what good you are ! The smallest breeze makes yon bend your head almost double aud sigh with pain. Look at me! I don't care what wind blows or what storm comes from the sea. I can face them and feel the better for it." Hie sle ' .er bamboo, who was modest and retiring, implied: " Yes, we are each suited to our vocation in life. You will be a stoat coolie pole." "Coolie pole, indeed!" snorted her companion, contemptuously. " Not I! nothing bat the mast of a junk for me." " And I," said the slender bamboo, " E shall be used to decorate a house at the New Year festival, if I'm to be used at all." " Don't count on that," roughly said the big bamboo. " They'll make you into mats or something or other low. Why, you're fit for nothing else I" As he spoke a breeze came in from the sea and made the whole hillside quiver and sigh—all but the stout bamboo, who merely bent his head as if to say "Go on; it pleases you and don't hurt me," while the poor little one at his aide bent, and swayed, and groaned to see so many of her tender leaves torn away. Time went on. Twood-cutters came. Orra ! Orra.!" they cried. " Here's a fine fellow for Hhwriipg junk!" " Told yon so," whispered the big bamboo. " Now for life! Anything rather than stop ou this bank spending the best years of one's life in listening to your greasings." The axes were plied, and he fell with a thundering crash. Meanwhile the slender bamboo grew more graceful and beautiful every day, and the village children came to play under her shade, for they had learned to love her, and called her their " Silver Spray." One day there was a great hullabaloo in the plantation. " What is the matter ?" asked the bamboo of her neighbour. " They are going to build a house here for the Prince of Tosa," replied the tree, "and we're all to be swept away." And the next day the wood-cutters came and the work of destruction commenced. Down upon the sand were tnrou-n the beautiful flowers and the graceful clusters of leaves. The little bamboo trembled and wondered when her turn would come. At length the destroyers approached her, and a man was swing- ing his axe in the air to give her the fatal blow when a chorus of child voices was heard: "No ; don't kill SQver Spray—please don't!" The man dropped his axe, and she was saved. The children tenderly dug her up and carried her to a beautiful garden, where they planted heron a bank overlooking the sea. 'One day a dreadful storm arese, the water was churned into dark-green mountains of waves, and in all directions junks could be seen flying to the nearest shelter. It was a terrible time for all the trees and plants, but the bamboo was sheltered by a bank of purple iris. Next morning the shore was strewn with timbers and masts, and torn Bails, and even dead bodies of men, and among the remains the bamboo recognised her big, strong companion of old days, badly bruised and cracked in many places. As the men dragged him to the foot of the garden he saw her and said : " Ah, I wish I had been a coolie pole !" And he was cut up for firewood, but the slender bamboo flourished for many years after, and when she heard boasting going on around her would often tell the6tory of her strong, lusty companion. One or two hundred years ago the oldfashioned nurses were net content with telling tales like " Cinderella" and the like, but there was a whole range of literature like the " Tale of Lord Lovell,'' and the " Babes in the Woods," and " Haxy Ambree," and the " Witch Mother," and the like. The Japanese children have tales like these and far worse, for, like most heathen nations, the folk tales aj-e full of gbosb and demons. There ig not an operation of nature or a. simple a«t of daily life wfaichhas not an association of eome weird uncanny.- ghost or apparition. They are everywhere. They not only appear in the dark, or haunted houses, or in gloomy woods. Every quality, such as hunger, pride, malioe, revenge —every natural phenomenon has its embodied form prowling around for victims. Every man has his own peculiar ghost that follows him everywhere. Where we merely see eewer-gas the Japanese beholds a slimy, insatiable wraith, seeking to devour the lives of men. Where we see only a snow-storm, they behold a snow ghost, a queer, grinning old man under an umbrella. A Japanese ghost has one peculiarity—it is not an intangible shadow or a phantom on which you cannot lay hands, butit is a reality. It wiU counterfeit mortality eo cleverly that it handles tools, and swords, and twobladed daggers just as effectively as a man; hence it is a more dangerous thing to meet a Japanese ghost than one of those nerveless, bodiless, powerless ghosts that trouble Christians in Christian lands. Whatever shows itself to be a power in nature is invested with a spiritual existence. The storm does not come of itself, but there is a etorm fiend that drives it—a malevolent, malicious, destructive, hateful bong. One of the Japanese ghosts is a judicious and highly proper one. It belongs to wells and bodies of water; it has horrid arms and claws to pull little children In with, and a ghastly face almost like a skeleton's. The Japanese child will not be tempted to fool much around the mouths of wells and when be thinkB of an awfiol water-sprite whidi is Waiting to drag him down; " One of the cheerfnl ideas common to humanity isthatof the vampire—that is, the spirit of the d<«fl«ifaring into* departed body "ig^wffog itftomldeeay by feeding npon the bp&s;^ftbe *rf,Jhe;gpod -r CbOSma «ie<< . , . andihere is )Kyt£mg l£e*unpin! Kkes eo much aa the tender inest of little dQdren; hence Tapaheee dOdren WOl not keep lale honrs or go near a place of burial lest a vampire should seize upon them and suck out their life-blood and feed upon their tender flesh. As the ordinary food of the -vampire is the body of the dead, and the tid-bits from living beings only come as occasional feasts, the vampire is naturally represented with the spade and pick-axe, with which it digs its way into the grave. 