\- 'Hovelist. AT BERKELEY HALL; ' ? OR, A Tale Yhat is Told. ev PRnsTON lek omi Tn faith, chiltl, it was a stark yon gave : 1110 then, sounding in your white frock . before that portray-. .1 am grown old, now, and more nervous 'than wlitji in years gone by I found my mistress gazing at this same picture of tlie voun» lord and -Jus first wife. The slnry of .these, very paintings it was 1' promised t» tell you ? Very willing lit speak am I of those ? ? .. days ra which my thoughts still dwell, but' ; yon must bear with an olil woman's humble speech. - 'lo begin, then, the, old lord, .Sir Arthur,' was on his death lied when cifino the Jt;tter from Mr.. Harold in foreign lands. Long ago lie had gone to Flo/ida, in the States, and married a Spanish woman, since when his family knerf hut little of him. - . Blit now this letter came, pleadinj^with Sir Artlibr,'- to take his only .clyld, .a ? daughter, and care for her in the home of. v; ? her ancestors. -Also said Mr. Harold; tfiat lying on a bed of illness and nigh unto ' . death, so great was his trjist in .his hrothir \- that he had made arrangements for. the i- j child to 'depart for Berkeley Hall aa soon ? * as he was gone, from her, knowing that ' ? her undo would endeavor- to ;take place with her of father and mother. ,-j Sir Arthur, on reading this as a mes . fj . sage from tne dead, was sore distressed, V and bade me- to him. . ; *' Mrs. Wilkins,' lie said, his poor voice all. tremulous Jike, ' my brother, by this ^r-4b»- tune awaiting me beyond tlie known, has V : sent his daughter tp me to rear, and much * :I fear that X shall not be here to welcome \- ' to you I give truat to make the littio one /happy until my son Arthur comes hoirie to lake cliarge of her.' thereupon gave J my solemn promise to do my best, being but a'7oung thing my self, just turned cf twenty- three,. and not yet a year married. ? 3Ir. Arthur was tho only son, and a deep' grief was it to the old lord that ho waa not with him in his last extremity. .Iiut JSIr. Arthur hid travelled away two years sooner, crazed with the- sorrow of his young wife's death,- and for all he wrote regularly to the old lord he made no mention of his. back-coming. 'ies, that is tlie young Sir Arthur and his wife. She was the daughter, of a neighboring gentleman, and handsome as you albeit too large for my liking. 'A fine-looking woman is mistress Elizabeth .Berkeley,' said everyone. Ent big and strong though she seemed, ahe loy dead of a; cold before they had been married four months. . Tlio young butfcand was like one mad when the brown yir and blue eyes were covered away .from him. whereupon his fathefsent him Jp ,foreign countries to seek fbrgetf uln esa. v ? ^ wsi_ telljii£ you — an old woman . - . ? .rambles, lassie, BftiJ it seems but ' yester \- ' hafipenings. Well, the old ? . lord died, and was laid away where all tho r 1'crkplev* sleep, and in a fortnight or less r 5-; ! - Mjngfthe .littlo $ieco.' ' Ah, but she was was Miss Agatha -£»* WhenVhe sat in the shadow, '*£ ' - ' one tnoogbtehe hafl her Spanish mother's r—' ???.,. hair ifmt whtn sHe camo forward in the t r, light, thongh it stUl kopt its deep tone, it \- seemed that ; surelw somo of tho cold f radisjiceof the moomightiaher Southern ? countijr had wanped and melted 'in her ?— trejtes,-- Ana though her shining eyes .. Were black 'a» midnight, to.,«atch ier brf-w*-,«U'd 'huhet, Jitr - skin vm faiflon ?-? f lilies. Jaihding ijieaf nothing so mncllas of jtbe «p5tle«s snotr thatlies against fie eharr^d trunks in the fore«t. . v,. Bho was fiftccn when she came fo me, 'Z%' ' this pretty, jiklo creature, but so sirutll 4J ^ that et|e looked, to be a bjiilil of eleven or A,- / tnelve^iuMl so pitiful in bor black frock that my hesrt warmod to ller ; so that in f ? - the; jrear* t{lat cknia wo grow fa»t friends, f ' more like 'I o filters' tlmri? mistress and ? waid f tor I served Mis i Ajjatlia a« X Wad i ^rr^. Wi/rtreie Elizabeth before her, 'j i , -When Sir Artlmr ha4 been notificd'^f ?\tj tha pld lord's deatli find bis Jonng coosi&'s '» amrsl to u«, he wroto that' a* yet ho *os not r«dy 'b return. butthst ltiis Agalha was-io have all thatjbcjRttciJ a ISorkeUy, xz i rnjmn'ms upon Mr, Cb»,i-wniaH pf^nyl n«4si tho -care of v'tW»,jiu)4«( hcr^ goi»r ' liMacs and mastcrr, t ~ S= ». But yheiir-^lMJ'A^fh^' amid £ netr «nd became hwgay; ihfldlike^Jf.Jvitalnrshe, end the „ » ?Hwo« ?????? Whu old liiwyemn- dnwit irom London * t -.y.-w ww|;ly to brirtt i-M governess and \ tiA A-rny aiiotlier,-Bw an rbcosand Miss ^: f- i'.''AStmt 'would U*ro if no,.' Truth to tell, ' v, (Xntveet and lovoly ssshe Eeemod, shn ^ '^9 Satjn's oirn tcmi-er, and iv time of i jMtnrMFirero here wrhcn our pretty mts ysfe Jmn wM^ rrMUe^n »ny,way.j. Bat with mskimi - slie wiw never angry, -. Forono reason, g^BHK.rnatt-.'re-l not the Question, I gave way Hg^^K}ier, for being so littlo oldor,;not well Perhaps it may was pi/ujo lior gallery, one evesiini, 1 saw her all in while standing lil;e a ghost before this picture iti Sir Arthur and MistreiiS Eliza beth, h:a wife, as tou stood but just now, child. ' Being nineteen years of ago, my mistress was still ' a. child's height, slender and graceful. Perhaps I am partial j) by gone days, but I think cow, as thought. X then, that never -saw I so beautiful a woman. /Well, ahe turned toward me that evening and called me in her gentle voice : ' ' Here, Wilkins.' I went np to her before the portrait. ' Wilkins,' she said, ' this is my cousin Arthur and his wifo ?' ' Yes, Miss Agatha,' I answered, 'vvondering at the strange -tenderness' in v-j|er voice. ' Why had they the portrait mafle in so odd a position ?'* I told her then, as but ycsterday.I toid you, how that Mistress Eiizaboth had a fancy for being done in the pir^k and gray brocade she had worn the night' Sir A rthur came a-eonrting, and how' he, in his gay way, made mention that she had best lie seated 'upon tlie same divan, with him standing to look down on her, even as he had done that time. And so the gay young things hai it painted, for all the old lord's teasing. And tho day it was framed and hung, as I was seated here with my broidery, on account of it beinjr a cool spot, in they came all Bmiles and happiness, to stand bcfo'ro it and praise or fault-find gaily. Mistress Elizabeth laughed at the admiration the artist had caught into her husband's handsome face, and lie vowed hers not half handsome enough togive her justice, scribbling a;ith his pencil upon the frame ' The Eventful .Moment,' as I myself read when they were gone. . Well, Si'.l this and much more I told Miss Agntlia, a ho questioning ine, in terested, in 'her pretty way. X spoko to her of his grjef, how lie had sought foreign wanderings, and her large Mack eyes filled with tears. ' Wilkins,' she asked slowly, ' do you know I like his face ? Hove it I Do you think that my cousin will ever come home ? I should try to comfort him — and I could do it. 1 could indeed, Wil kins !' . y i Ah, she was always a bit fanciful, poor thing. . Well, just then behind us a step Bounded, .and I turned lo see Sir Arthur I Older, bnowner, handsomer; but still Sir Arthur. His. eyes Bprang to meet those of the woman in tlie portrait, and he stood still in a kind of spell-bound wel coming. As for Miss Agatha, sltsj turned paling to the window, after a glimpse of his stern, sorrowful face. Presently Sir Arthur drew a deep sigh, .like-one rousing from a swoon, and for the first time seemed to see me. ' 'How aro you, Mr.--. Wilkina ?' ho said, in his old, hearty way. ' And is lthat my littlo cotisin over there ?' At this Miss Agatha rose from the win dow seat and came forward, putting lier -Blender hand into his strong clasp. . Much nstonied was Sir Arthur to find his cousin Euch a woman, for ho had thought of her only as a child, forgetting that time had stood not still at Berkdley to await his coming. In the days that came I was ahvnys with them, sitting, as necd'be, at a respectful distance with my work ; and well 1 know, long before Sir Arthur or my pretty fedy herself, that her heart was longing for his Iovo. Ah, well, child, it was not slrango. She had loved him before she saw him, and now that ho had come ho was bonny to look upon, and always- with tho ladies had he a way that was tender arid chival rous. ? The old forests where she had wandered alone now knew two young beings rambl ing in the shade ; for. hours tboy rode t(i; gether, and long talks had tliey. Even as'hisprcsencc was happiness to her, so ho never seemed to tiro of her playful ways, her soft, slow, sweet voice, her evi dent liking. ? ' . ? . » Jlarcly looked Sir Arthur in those-daya upon the portrait called ''The Eventful Moment,' though often came he with His cousin for a romping gamo of battledorefor graces in the Jong gallery. ? Some months had gone on in this way, and Miss Agatha grew each day more gentle and sweet till well -nigh had we for gotten her terrible rages, when one Even ing she entered her room to robe for dinner. I had left hor a moment sinco reading alone in tho library, but when I gla'nced.up at her 1 saw ihe was pale liko death, and had her white teeth setoruelly over her lip. You may go,' sho aai-l quickl^jjsee ingmy look. ' I shall atfftnfl to my own costume tonight.' I left her at once, for I saw sho was angry, arid wondering what the cause, I wandered in here. Then I knew. . ' On a couch before this picture lay Sir Arthur, his eyi s fixed upon the picture of his handsome wife. He did not hear my coming, and even as I stood thunder struck, ft shuddering sob shook him, and he said aloud : ' ' So soon, my Elizabeth ?' .Noiselessly I retreated and sought my mistress. If. she had ' Keen and heard aught that I had her poor loving hoart must be near to breaking. When I entered tho room sho was standing before tho longmirror, unfasten- . fng her splendid hair.,. As it fell heavily beside hor pale face, it w«s-like. heavy smt/kr drooping on.n snow-clad roof. . 'Mailatn,' I questioned, wondering nt . my own bravery, 'what gown shall ! make ready 'Did I not toll you that hshntild-nol need you J'sho answered slowly, Dkoone wiiostthouglits aro far away, ? Without answer ! took ?«|.iw n a green gown, meshed -over with whitu l,ieo,/im in which Sir Arthur had likened her to u set-wave with tho crest ol foam break jr^' over. ' It is in this 'gown that my master likes .best to see you,' I ventured ?gain. - ?' / ' Alt, my dear, I fear I should not lie so courageous nowadays. - \- She turned fiercely, and] thought her Biijfiy oyes' would burn I 'trough nie foran Instant ; then sho cast heraulf down in a wild pussinn of tears. -t. : 'Ob, ' she cried, and never shall I forget tho ugonlneil voice; 'oh; Willtlna, you know ft I.; You have seen that I lore him I .And— end havo I shown bim V' in o hrnkon whisper. ?? ' ,- No— oil, .my poor child, no I' I madu lovlrtg hnste tosay,'Jt— lie-Hir Arthur' ^oveshls coU'in,Ml\Jcnowt thntjho lores blm in— in that w»/i tb/»l 1* all belli) vo nt«, that is nil.' a ?lt , ,t t , ;)n somo decree W4* j»tf«iptn/orl«d ^b u t her grief and shimo oToriv!ielmn3 hot for, . a timo^aaifcitw#* Iwb f*1'1 )'? ie4 *&#-}« Hit in Uie'sW«vfr»g5wn^ wM witfr 'fitr jrillor, ffM wosmaro Jikfl ».*pr-ng *wyrdrpji,.£lk-- Por nU I could my lorrt.^Ai ' a* seldom, and then with downcast eyes. I saw Sir Arthur look at her curiously once oriwice, bat he said naught ; only when he ^ was finished offered hia arm to lead her to the music room, I following and sitting near the 'window, as was my wont. Sir Arthur, seated his cousin in a high backed chatr before the spinet, and then sho spoke m a voice which waa half a sob.;. ?«- -4 X care not ttming to-night.' But my lord insisted, though he saw she wished to refuse ; and presently her white hands fell on the keys, and she ran. over the prelude. When the sweet voice caught up thftstqiuj, Sir. Arthur drew his chair close and ^at listening with his eyes fixed oil Miss Agatha's face. I am thinking of thee alway— witha love -? undreamed before ; . , lam longing for thee alway — lay this thought untothy .heart— *' * N Suddenly her yoice died away and her nervous hands cashed discord down thd keys. ' L ? . ; „ il I cannot to-night, rrny cousin, sho said, answering his startled look. ^Not that ballajjl, but it tnay be 1 shall do better with some other/1 Over Sir Artlmr's face, flashed a won-' dering expression. Then he said with & gaiety strange and new : ! '? I cry your pardont cousin, but wo must havo our same ballad to the very end.'* ? 'Not if I cannot sing it/' she said, gently. ' And if you cannot, why? Did you noTsound that sweet voice through* all the strain but a week ago? And does the nightingale forget her notes so soon ? Try again.' ? And so poor Hiss Agatha was forced to .sing the ballad. And 1, in sympathy with her wounded hoart, understood the trembling tones in which at last she finished : » When the glowing crescent cradle gleamed that night from oat tbesfeies Then he spofce to rae with langaage — he had told'me with his eyes.'' Aa these last words died away Miss Agatha turned slightly, with a. faint . smite, »ind mot Sir- Arthur's eyes. All the truant hlo5d 'flashed into tho white throat and face to meet his gaze. As for him, he had gong' quite pale, crushing tho music in hisTiand and lenning lor v ward. f ' Ah, AgatliSi, have 1 indeed told j»po wliat I havo so lordly struggled tq con ceal 1' 1 lieurdSufn whisper softly. Even while joytfor her filled my heart, I saw her draw back in scorn. ~ tC My lord, you-.fnrget Mispress Eliza beth Berkeley!' slio said. Ay, it was a«cruel word she spake, and forgetting myselH in dismay, I had al most sprung . toward her when I heard his voico once mor^. r . T li I do, sweet. Agatha, though, as seemed more meet, \ tried not to Jo^e her fronvony. ihoi^hts. ? But a man can not cho*bse but render up. lus. love with ' those black eyes upon him.' . . When I perceived from her face that not again would shcr scoraher happiness, I fled away nnd left th6 twain, rejoicing, that it was so. Well, they weie'married at once, and for air they loved each other truly, they wero not happy/ i: Poor Lady Agatjia was jealous of 'the portrait of Mistrca^ Elizabeth : sho could not brook to sen hp* husband looking so at her in the piotur^ Well do 1 remem ber when she made a bilk curtain and hung. the. portrait ? over. As I said just now, shjcUvos always a bit fanciful and childliker^ ' .. h Scarce had I, assisting her, completed the hanging of the^ silk, when in came niylord. When he saw what she ha-j beon about, his brotjreontracted as though some «udden* pain *beseit him, and Iiq questioned: i * * 'lathis well donb, Agatha?' . ' Ay, sir,' sli answered steadily. ' It j is well done for «&iy; peace of mind t though | not; -perchance, for'your desires.' * ! Aud with that fihp. ran past us~both like a mad creatiirc, and flung hersolf aobhing on her Hed^ Sir Arthur, alway$ ns forbearing as on the night of their, bjftrothal, suffored the curtain to remain without further speech, and shortly after ndded to his wife's wish, to have thei* portraits painted, seated, as on that? evening in the music room. ? . Indeed/ ho refused her nothing', and when sho bade him have a name let into the wood-work of the /ramo hprcomplied with but littlo delay, though sho would not tell him whecipfare ahe wished it- . * ?' 'A Pauao' in«;thd* Music,'- iho had chossn, and .though always it sounds to nte'like a fancy.picturo, yet it was-hor doiire. ? - ~ Of to evoning, wh'oii for Bome reason sho ceviued oadlv ,lo\^ spirited, Sir. Arthur drew her in nt- re ftor a game of romps ; but sho went and gtnod boforo her owi portrait, hangfhg besiilo tho curtained one. . When her: husband camo to ber side, she turned auddetdy, leaning, against him, and said : v ' Ah, Arthur, ijt was ? an unhappy mo; ment when into Aw irtus?o of your lifo I brought my discordant notes. The inuiio pauacil— nover again to . b/ so ftweet.' V'Atthiv comprehending her whin^ nf tliutinm^ Sir Arthur was* sor-i wonndijy ; but he fpjjrovrd her gently for her ifllo faneios; and pr- sontfy she prow qhUo ga^r in tiisurahct's of his tender love. it was only for ' tho lirno,.; .Mattcw wont 'fn'mi Imdltif wnrs'*, nud tny inUtms grow M.iovo hard to foenr with o:»ch 4«y. For lim Ijratttoio fllw qimi r^nrMi with iin-, hor ev-r.fuithfn)n-ai»l, and Imrjitaof pawon came pfiomir and laitUHl hunger. A9 n* rovfllatlon did it coiiio to Sip Arthur her imc'int'rolkble temper. -Alwny/i have 1 hulirivud that the |-rnjr. child: waa near dfo'ranght for f^Ar her hu«hand fihouhi Jovo hotter the dead wifo than t|i-i Jiving. Often .wi- ndflrwl . I .at hi* 'marvellous 1 4-atte»c»;wich Wia paflMmwio wlfoi r6r-ho would l:nv»« cjtu«od h naint; to ^vax-wratli, Miongh I fipi'flk. 'gainst on^idend and gArio. ' ? ? - ? '? Welt, nnopvonin^ toniako a long story ahortf my lord ntul. lady :anfc? at tea, and h wis 1 who survud thcui, Fpe^ontly my iniatrcM nfiked her li^sbBDd' If his toa worn to hia liking. „ ricoAnntly pnough ho nnsworcd, 111 hid Joking way, that It had be-tn tnrvla sweeter (or him - in d&ya; amio by/^y lord ihoughti ofvlii|^idtt|gpn^ mother--' ah4 d4/# of Ifloyhood^ ~ hut .my mUlro^f wm |n h phlto^rAgo .Would toV goodneM thfiTMIilrosf Kllzabplluwero here to makfl;UipeyoQ ^1' : alio criml, inbap fniaue And^ero, ho or T «'»* rtMi »hg Jiad the bare, pretty nrm ana broken it against his kneel . . .. ',u ? v My lady .sink' back fainting, ^'id my lord, when he saw mc dart to Iter Bide, got himself away. Well, lie sent off at once for a surgeon, and the arm was set. and much was the wonderment as' tn the breiktng. X could only say that X had found tier lying so. ? * . . - ' When ihe come to herself again I.was sitting by hers'de, and never shall I for get the anguished look when she saw the bandaged arm and' to ik remembrance of what had happened. She turned toward me with wide-stretched oyes. ?' You will not let him come it, Wil kins?' ''No, my lady,' I promised mournfully, and presently she slept. But poor Sir .Arthur's remorse waa dreadful to witness. ' How can I ever blame poor Agatha's lack of self-control,' he would groan, 'when my sinful temper has led me to so brutal an act '1 Do you thiuk Bhe will see me to-morrow, Wilkins ?' But though on my knees I pleaded with my lady in his behalf, she steadfastly re fused each day to see him, When I spoke of his agonising remorae, she interrupted me. ? ' Wilkins, will you carry my husband a message from me?' 'That will I, 'X answered, right gladly, for methought she had ? relented of her harshness. ' Tell him from me, then,', sho said, and her voico.,- knew no tremor, ?' that never in this world, (ir -the- next, do I wish to sSe his face irgain.' 'Oh, my lady,' I hogged, almost stunned, 'do not ask me ,tp tell him that!' r .. '. ,??'*'? 'You promised. G!o r' shesaid, coldly, and, with teara streaming from my eyes, I went. - . . Sir Arthur- lifted toward me, when I ?entered to him,- a face which had. aged five years in a fortnight. ' Well, Wilkins V' he said, a faint hope brightening ill his eyes. . How I delivered tliat.cruel message, I know not, but presently, weeping bit terly, X found myself back with my lady, and shivering like ono in an ague. -No questions put my indifferent mistress, and almost, for the time, I hated her. . Whon she could .have como fnm her room, but kept it, through fi'ar of meet ing Sir Arthur, and v/heu ho saw that.it was even so, ho handed me,- ono day, a largo envelope thick with contents, askr ing that I give it unto my mistress. She p-ruscd tho document coldly, .and ro placing it, bado mccarry it back, at which my lord inquired eagerly if his wife re lented of her coldness. When I answered him nay, a look of blank despair fell over tho handsome face. . He told mo the envelopo contained his commissjon, and that he should go away on the morrow Ja&erve; tho king, seeing that ho could iuit -liis wife. And my heart bled for him'when he said he could not ride until he had seen her. So X made bold to bid him follow me to my haughty lady's chamber unannounced. When he entered in I shrank hack amid the hangings, afraid for this thing that I had dono. , My lady sat gazing, from her window, and' did not glance1 up at the footfall, thmking' it nS(j;~''untit, strack— bythe silence, she turned and saw hor hus band. ' Yon !' she said, in a voice mingling fear with scorn. ' You 1' ' I am come to say good-bye, Agatha;' [ lie answered, cut to the heart by look and tone. Then quoth my cruel lady, with hand outstretched to thjj door : ' So be it, fanigifeo well. Sir Arthur.' He turued, leaving her presence, and his face was . that of the old lord, his father, when he had lain dead in his coffin. . . And so my mistress lot him away with out word of forgiveness or wifely love, even though, her heart raged in her bosom through worship of . hitn. But she chide rae not for the bringing of him to her chamber. ? For many months, wo led a right Jonely life in Berkeley Hall. My master wrote most regularly to his harsh lady, and each loiter she read with indifferent mion, handing it therewith to me, that tho ser vants might know how their master fared. This news carried I to. tho servants hall, and of the war, bnt knowing my duty, spoke naught of the passionate tenderness and pleading for forgiveness which filled hia pages.' k'?*' Never a line of good or ill did my mis tress pen, held by her wicked pride.' But when tho winter came on severe, and the great house grew.chill.and draughty, then did she grow each day more unlike her self. No longer did sho read, or sing, or run, childlike, through the great lialls. Hours now she passed gaxing out at the snow-clad forests aud gray skius; and oft times at night, when the gusty winds roared thmngh tho cracking trees apd whistled sltarply at the house cornggs, would I see'her.- straining ber oye.4 out through tho darkhera. And on 0n6 sflch a niglit I foynd her 'woeping in. 'the .win- dow seat, and X knew sho pondored- on - in y lord, homolcss, and batl ling not alone' with men, but with fierceness, of tho elei mcntB and a despairing heart. ' It was thou I plucked up courage to bosonchmy lady to write and bid berhus bond home again, knowing how that sho had forgiven him long since. Which enmo, after much bitter sobbing . on my bosom, my lady 'did, But for- her stnb horn prido- now was she punished by. * ynitlng lon# nnd grievous to bo borne; in ii hich ti e heard not froiiV SIrArfhur,' save rutnork of battlf «' ? baril'foiiiiKt,' won and lost, bnd..of;', many - ; kiuo'd, '.and.' ivountlcil. ' ''l In tho early sprjng'-my.rai&treis;' fell.ill mito doatHj apa nltcr many Veeks, in wiiich it Bftnjod fliatv tltii .ittuRglirtjx'B'oiil must siirolyaiijcapo tha frajfiio littlo body, 1 robed her-(mcu ni(7rii,_ttiitf-cavriod' licr dawn to' thl great ball where sho liked boiit to ton. And I .tliink we both wept for very happiness that »ho Ittwl r.not Hod awiiy (luritipf thojio iiigntln of snduring, And nowahitsaW tlmt it wis sumntar time for tha »«'» wore lieavy-leaveil and -tlie grass npfit'(L gToonly. nnd still hor ouo tliou||ht was furtlio wnrrigr liuiband:fur whom in ailoiico sbo bad erlaved limelf down into the slmdow.oi ucntli, r As thohutduys dra^««lliyAvp,iu»that hoaUh was n Jt [Or bcp Hgaln;ttnle«s^tbe abiantoMno, :7or »ho ff^aw no stronjir, andwhanflifladhMfromohairlojenuobi oroarrledber*ltmBtboitiilrwRy,«lnvb«e liiru Bi^rtonghijwW owhloVifietL in fho with ^heaaihea 6iit ? Wilkins,' her answer came, uumtlei^ with a sob, so weak,- was she, poor lamb, that scarce could she spealt without tears, ' but oh; Wilkins, then 1 may not be hero 1' ? So choked was I with tho fear that she spake the truth, that X could only knoel at her side and kiss the thm hands. With that she looked at me Keenly, and reading my face drew in her breath sharply . once or twice, as a person wakened suddenly from deep'sleep, then turned her face again to watch the stars, calm and bright above earthly nurest and gloom. ? Presently I Bank low on tho floor, lean ing my head lightly ngainstjny mistress, and so we sat far-into the star-lit night. But bethinking myself of her feeble state, I besought her to allow me to bear her to her chamber, and when she answered me not, a cold fear sprang, liko a clutch ing hand, to my heart, for X saw that she had swooned. Tho next day my lady asked me if I would render her a service. ' ' What would I not?' I asked, where upon quoth she : ' When I am gone, do you tear the silken covering from the portrait of my husband and Mistress Elizabeth, and should be come again, tell him I bade it done. But firmly am X persuaded that in another world he sees my sorrow and re pentance, and I myself will have his love and pardon ere many days.' Nevertheless, sho said to me, a little later in tho day : \ .. ' I am trying hard to await his coming, bnt it is so long — so wearily long I' and again : ' Ah, many and many a. break nas-there in the two-fold music of our lives t . Mine were, the discordances and the failures. Tell Arthur that now I have paused to take breath for an endless har mony.' . No, it had not been a bappy marriage, that of my lord and my lady, and yet they loved each other. My lady's Spanish blood had spoiled her for an English woman, and my lord's English tempera ment gave him no clue to the wild pas sions and changing moods in the woman he had won. Well, my sweet mistress Agatha was sinking lower and lowef, and all were despairing of her life, when my lord camo home. Riding hard ho came, mudhe spattered and travel-worn, dashing up to the great hall door and flinging from his steed. Adown tho atiVir was I coming when I saw him on the threshold, and as one paralysed 1 stood, nor could open my mouth for joy. But jiiy master strode across the hall and up the stair to whero I halted, bis jingling spurs, and clanking sword sounding strangely harsh in that quiet house. ' 'God save: you, good, Wilkins,' he said, merrily. .' Do you mistake'a man for a ghost that ^ou-Btand and stare ! Whero bides my dear lady 1' . And then inethinks ho must havo seen trouble in my face, for he grasped my arm so that it .was blue for many days; and demanded hoarsely : 'Moy it pleasoyou, sir,' I said at last, ' my mistress is very ill ; I fearthis sud den joy will kill ber. Lot me tqfcjier yrou are here, lest — ' 'No, no X my sweetheart will not die of me 1' ho cried. ' And love, shell snatch her from tho very grave I' * - He sprang past ma and into the cham ber of my mistress. X hoard a wild scream, and then sank trembling o'u the stair; for only that day tho .doctor had said a sudden shock would kill m^vpoor lamb. ?£?-? But, ah 1. X need not have whimpered stKyainly, forfrom the hour ofSir Arthur's j ptjmihg Mistress Agatha rallied ; and jp*lH?n at last she came down sta^ra again, J 4er dark -dyes Boft and tender with happi Irteas, her hmband carried her, not I. In f tilth, OTen had. tie not grudged m'e that -sweet service; she had grown much too heavy for my poor arms. Tho picture of_Mistres3'-Elizabeth' was presently uncovered by my lady's own hands, and in the days to .come often stoo^ she before'. it .with her husband, aa miring its fair beauty with never a trace of jealousy or anger left in her chastened J heart. For love and suffering had done i in her their.work; ,. Many years havo /-passed since then, j child, I am an - old;- old woman, out living husband, mastcrj 'mistress, nil X loved. I can only wait patiently, for the brief days to. end which separate my dear ones from the fond heart that loved them so, and which is faiLhful otil!.. 