J A Fi:;.;: MARKET The literal meainDv tb»- word "Fair," In tffffi commercial eesee. ,J market." - In tdbfR words, s "fairi'me-:: ? Dmrkecat whiehall andevffy may curchase or ?? . v iUi"ut bent sobjemd tf fee or tax, and also w' re nil and every can aeU uitte out any cote dnh ae attach to ordinary markets. At one rlit rairs in England sue great features la tLi mite and industrial lib of the people; rinee tee establishment of railways, and U.fj quicker ino eommunicptUll which has zttuked.:' fairs have pretty well died out, a matter perfcaji'. regret, in some rerpeeti, but inevitable under the changed condition of (hi natioaal life. Here in Australia feirp are unknown, indeed very little of the oil tLiuaed methods obtain Ik these fast go-n-b«ad culonies# life ia not so al6V wit lethargic an it> Eoropf-, and business is dote wite a movement and force to vMto» eTen in this „&>' tew provincial folk te .the bid country are accastomed. This, however, is a noctefty, following upon our freer and more prosperous condition, as well as the awakened, energim and intelj<ce oi tho la?t half century Life, too, though lung- in it average than on worthy forefathers < >!, is still too . shcit fox slow or cumbrous methods ; and the art now tl rsonght in all direction ou do as much in an hone M 100 years ago was aovjioulished in a week, fp.ip| however, u not a matter fo Dirvtt. If we ire at higher pressure, 'we obtate 'higher rewards than, the .old. folk could posobly earn. The average earning capacity, and therefore ot expenditure,.. is a hundred 1 fold grata, and is more equally distributed thin lib those 11 good bid days" white sentimentalists are continually regretting— people, by the way, who are simflar sapless eoustitution to teat of lxud Minni— who wrote ....... awnmtfee dia But give us beek our own nobility." People nowadays have money to ipead.auid aseflte lion andahigbcr intelligence have taughtteembowtyi epend it wisdyge £ud Jt<tyjffiahme«ute M Foy and Gibson's. of .Bmite strete&Oingwoodr; i springing into .jedstence, whose' pmyose it to «upply to a well-to-do population, the comforts, the necessaries, the elegancies and refinements of home ife. Ppre w«» pause to make a. correction. We haw said that fain are unknown In Australia. We te wrong. At this, present moment, . the firm WO have mentioned, Means. Foy and Gibson, are contacting a gigantic Fair, and W use, a graphic, though perhaps, eomewhrt vulgar, expression. 4,it is a eight .to donors wfW good." Any theatrical manager who may happeto past Messrs. Foysnd Gflwon'n great shops during the day -cost, indeed, have a large and geooote mind if he forbear from a site of envy an he nedfo the throng and press of people into and oat of thaoe places. AR moved by the one impulse-en eagw desire to avail themselves ox the advantages offered hg Foy and Gibeos to purchasers during their Crete Fhir. To the benevolmt mind it must give pleasure to reflect that at least £0 per of th«« crowds are rendered happier by their attendance at thw Fait. The young wife iteo has become possessed of one off ti elegant mantles, of white such numbers suipassing beauty and grace ate exhibited, wfll hnya n gy goffpr lianpr ana mora contented spirit than has hitherto ruled her. The matron who haa aecmnd one of those splendid Brussels carpets at 4s. 6d. per yard wfll feel a greater pride than evarlh her home. The country gentleman who has pO-, chased his suites of furniture for the home -which betete presently conduct hi a bride, ie fflle<l wite a of importance and responribnity, .to which hitherto, during hie shiftless slovenly bachdpl aays» be has been an utter stranger. In a word, "T ' is impossible for a reflecting observer to lock, on at the ceaseless influx and out-fltyl of visitora to thii. show to be inwnsffito to the circumstance that these faixa serve a highsa purpose then perhaps evcrentoed into the oalititoj tions of the originators themselves. Wedouota pose that Messrs. Foy and Gibson, when contonplato ing tee establishment of these faixa, took Into te£ honing the philanthropic aspectof tee note. Bu na a rule moral good fellows upon all honourable te". texprisc, and Messrs. Foy and Gibson wbm fety reckon their profits, may, if they please, odd to t&ca; . the important, though intangible balance of an creased papular contentment. There is quote lessonto leato froxn these fairs, and that is, that in the hands of capable men, no affair, however intricate or complicated, are beyond tea. of method. Tbe roles by which this gnal otablishment is governed, are eyenaa the laws oftta Medea and Persians. a fixed system rcff& of long «perience— vnd large business perience, oontxola evry detail of the bote1 nees, so that matters go on like machinery, .teS to our mind, with mote of the throb and pulse of tto eteam engine. . - Some idea may be formed by those who have nevvk, visited Foy and Gibson's premises of their eta, when we inform them that the frontage extendi. 220PL to Smith street, and that there u a depth to Ti» Oxford . street of StWt. The graa - v show tomna, wite tee oostiiari of . flsmlidte r . raiment are enormous apartments, tye vunte . gboeta of departed belles assemble bereo'tifghbian# _ . amidst dainty rites and vtirete-and laeea, and 6tee. bewildering matters, tarie again eometeghtiavrttti : , . of the delight which once atoned than m the fasiiig ; . j We do not believe in ghosts, bat, as wo hare Mil . '. Shakespeare4 authority that there are moaae Shingl e ._ in beareo an& rth than are dreamt uf.dn,taiw'jS phflptrophTj. ft parted fair ones do -pgifiriS delights and mfngtomggiteaal-wriiiisnii jilfli rrb-Tl- -t- 1 termor Qtte&tfs; 