? CHAPTER XXXL {Continued.) Mr. Bingham iras as honorable a man ob you'd drop across during the proverbial day's walk. But he did not consider that he violated any code of honor, when having , comfortably - dined lie "withdrew to las • snuggery, and, removing the wrapper, opened the parcel and set to work to read the contents of ihe papers. That these contents were most interesting may be gathered from the circumstance that it was long past midnight ere he laid down Wita tt of the fVerB. * f^tll «Well," lie sad,' "ibis «npaasès belief. That Damford has|$éea I was assured; bol that Aji&d;Êim fat£§r of the jrwrng fellow I have leaw#l& love almost m » eon,»&ould; have beifeine also,seems incredible. Yet bete ^|Sfe;®roof—proof that tfcese are the -^ijeni pilose muraculous escape from Macqaarie Harbor was the talk of the island ifW I was etatiomed there with my regiment, Now what is to be done. These papers, it is evident, were never intended by that nnlncky rascal to meet official eye. The fellow never counted upon his sadden «moral from his sphere xt plot and mischief. I diall keep these documents, lor the present at anyrate, for though I should shave no compunction in running Damford, I would not harm that fine young fellow for a million. Great Heaven, upon what a volcano do some of us rest unconsciously !" Meanwhile, as though fate were relentless in her persecution of the unhappy Damford, Mr. Bingham was placed in possession of other and still more startling information. The woman who acted as his housekeeper, and whom I have referred to as of singular appearance, is dark and swarthy, with masses °f white hair and keen black eyes, one morning came to him. "Sir," she said, -'I am aware that you were interested; in that strange death the other day of a Mr. Trill." «Only so far, Martha," interrupted Mr. Bingham, "that I thought it rather curions— the boy should have been so affected by smoking the butt of a «agar the man' threw away. " That is so," said the woman with a ghost ofa smile upon her face. "And I was also curious on. that point. I happen to have serai some strange tilings in my Hie, sir, and I am convinced that the cigar was poisoned. Sir," she went on, "hère is a cigar, which, if you smoked, would said yon hence ere morning broke." '• . Bingham shrank back., "Good God Î /woman,* 1 he gasped, «srhafc do yon. mean.?** " Simply this, that Iknow a woman here -inJMBlhoHniejwhO makes those cigars. She is a Malay, I met her «ne day in the ïïtzroy Gardens. Seeing ay dark skin and • foreign looks, she spoke to me. She was glad when she learned I spoke Spanish, .and that I was Indeed a native of Spain, asked me to visit her—she lives at Carlton. Often, when I have leisure, I go to see her. We have become intimate. Sir, when £ beard of that strange affair, I felt convinced this woman—this Parqnita—had a hand in it. I resolved to ascertain, if possible, if my suspicions were correct." "And the result ?" cried Bingham excitedly. "Is here," and she placed the cigar on the table. "I went to Parquita and told her I had an enemy whom I wished removed. She asked if this enemy were man or woman, told her it was a man—my master. 1 Does he smoke ?' said she. 'He is always smoking, ! I answered. She went to a cupboard and brought forth a small boac. From this she took this cigar." "Let him smoke this, my friend," she said, "and he will smoke no more, eh V" I asked if die was sure, and if there was no danger ofJiscovëiy. "Hone,- «he said. "Best quiet. Why, I have obliged «any. STot long ago' I enabled a rich gentleman here to remove an enemy. It was funny, in the newspapers to read— Diablo ! I cannot read myself—the curious things that were said. Then she laughed and sud that a boy had picked up a piece of the (agar and that it nearly vemovedt%tfft also. Sir^ is this not wonderful news f "Ton will not breathe a "whisper- ofthis natter, woman," said Bingham, "to anybody." " Sot a word, sir. It was because I knew yon wished to know that I have sought to ascertain for you. Master, you have been f. good to the poor convict woman, and she would lay down her life to save you." " I believe yon, Martha, 1 ham gently, "and thank you. What did you pay .for this, woman V "She would not take pay. She said she was rich—that the gentleman she spoke of had long allowed her a libérai pension. Master, it is very strange—but my part is done. I am content if I have pleased you." "I thank you, 9 was the answer. "And now please leave me alone. Bemember, silence." s The woman left the room. Bingham sat garing at the cigar for fuHy ten minutes. It Was a large, dark-c61ored payanah shaped cigar,lo<^ng$rçiy t^mpân^to^ &o;$kec It faecinâtedWplJBS j^^tçjLïïfr from testing its enrftaw, and turned over in Ms fingerswith grim curiosity. " To Hi'r^ that this harmless looking cigar is possessed of each devilish quality," he muttered. " And what recklessness of the woman to give it to Martha ! There is but -one conclusion—she does not fear analysis. But we shall ,see what M'Adajn has to Bay aboutit. And if itbeae Zhdînrçthenmy doty is deac. Hed Arden dull never many * thedanghterof anassassin.' £ HffiPTER "tf^iii- SOU BIXGHAX'S TEEMS. "Ab wsQ beat the air, sirrah ! as hope to change his purpose." —Evelyn. Bingham lost no time in visitang th£ leading analytical chemist«'flf fhe flav, a' gentleman of an intellectual cast of countenance, wearing his black hair long to his shoulders, anil altogether of eccentric character. He and the late Mr. Blsasdale were first friends, and it is questionable Whether since their departure for the unknown. world, two men their equals m the science of chemistry have succeeded them. But alas ! science and the worldly wisdom which is necessary to worldly success, do not always ran together. Neither MacAdamnor Blpasdale was a man txfpush his fortunes. JRieywerefcon pirauls, kindly, good-hearted ^nipë^bjêpoisons, with a keen relish, for a l^^i^^oià^^âae, or a glass of whiskey : .MnnitU «•tfcler*- MA'-fiw KMUHIT î-n . aAnlloKi raking in 13a» «dollars,' c$rat it, Uwy. 4«!aiB,.aIi^ither nedl'iiecboed the chemist. %STes, and fthat there wfll be greatdifficnlty in ascertaining the nature of the poison." -'Humph!" grumbled the cbemist. "If there is poison in that agar, other than its natorsl nicotine, ril find it out by to-mgrrow morning." "A feeMac., of £59, if you do." " Ha ha !" said the chemist. "Then this is something serious." " Nothing more than bringing home a murder to a man." " Well, it couldn't well be more serious. Leave .the thing with me, and 111 do my On t^p following morning Bingham found the chemist still busy with his analysis. " This puzzles me, I confess," be said. That the cigar is poisoned, I have good proof. Here are a rabbit and a dog that testify to the fact. They were operated upon last sight. They died this morning in a profound sleep. It was not the nicotine that killed them—I counteracted that. But for the life of me I can't make out what poison resides in the infernal thing. How the deuce did you c*me by it." " Yon remember that case of Trill's. Tou ed the poor devil's stomach you know." , " Tes—yes. But there was no poison to be found there. The brain, I remember, was congested, as from the use of some narcotic. Did he smoke one of these things ?" Bingham nodded. "Thepoison, whatever it is, is vegetable. That is all I can say about it. Ill defy anybody te say more." "Tet you codld £wear that by smoking sucha cigar a man would meet his death. Confidently.- There can be no doubt it. But the poison is unknown to European science. I should judge it to be eastern origin. The Malays, and Africans, we know possess knowledge of vegetable poisons which is not as yet ours." " Well, I am so far satisfied, Mac. Here your cheque. Hay, nay, you bave earned , All I want now is a written report of your analysis, and its peculiar features and results." The chemist readily complied, and Bingham departed with the report in Ms pocket, the chemist happy with i a'cheque for £ôt in his.' "Kow," mattered he, as he strode down the strtet, " to hnmble the impostor." He went straight to the,club where he was sure to find Damford. The squatter was seated at a table with several others, all of whom were discussing a measure which Axdenhad given notice he meant to introduce to the assembly. Bingham took a seat close by. " Hbo is it Damford," said Mr. MTavisb, that ye and Arden have patched up a peace or truce—which is it ?" " Well, you see, MTavisb," said Damford, one can never forsee events. My daughter has bad the bad taste to fall in love with young Arden. I have nothing to say against foe young fellow. He is clever and promises welL But for all that he is a member of this club he is tainted with his father's radicalism." " He writes most of those articles in the Period, which cut iis lip. > I know that" said it, red-faced gentleman. " And I dont jjûnk ît the—the thing—you know, for radical fellow to come here and listen to our views, and then flay as alive in-that cursed democratic rag—by Geerge, I don't" MTavisb laughed. "Hoot, hoot mon—a' is •fair in love and war. The laddie is a fine young fellow, and though he comes here, he never stoops to hide his views from ns. He's joost frank and outspoken, and I like him." • Ahem!" said Damford, u thatmaybeso. But I had other views for my daughter.' Ooo, aye," grunted MTavisb, " that's maistly the way. Ye canna' run against nature, Damford." "Ho," sighed the other. "I find that so. And I have to thank yon, Bingham, for this trouble. It was you who first introduced the young people to each other." "I was never more sorry for anything in my life," said Bingham gravely. " Still I don't think there is much so for. Young Arden must not many this young lady.' "Eh!" ejaculated -Damford, turning ùckîy fnTSuB chair. * " Pray taiat have you to do °with the matter sir. This is like your: "Give me ten minutes conversation," he, " a&d; I I can convince you I have a very good right to interfere in this Everybody stated, coughed, and affeeted th which people Damford grew seek to hide their curiosity, deadly pale, bnt arose. cYon e hi<li>tii*ad raidies tç .pie, M fbefcteltolteM something explicit," and he -moved away, motioning the other to follow. « A «ly deevO, that Bingham," sail MTavisb. " He bens mair than a Highland seer, I jalouse—at - anyrate, aboot Damford." "Now, sir," said Bjnghmn, «s he and Damford entered a private mom. "Sit detrn, aud(ir«n yoaz eye over this report,' and he laid the chemist's statement before him. Damford adjusted hiB spectacles with a pitiable atVmpt to control his agitation But, as he read on, lie grew white, his teeth chattered, ard he rambled visibly. • What—what has thiB to do with me?" be presently stuttered. " With such a cigar," said Bingham, coldly, "Trill was poisoned. You gave him the cigar—we have evidenae of that; Yon procured that cigar from Parquita, a Malay woman, who lives at Garlton." . "My God !" groaned the unhappy man. "She is your pensioner," pursued Bingham relentlessly. "That you had reasons to " desire Trill's death, I have abundant evidence. I hold papers to proye tiiat he wa 6 awaiéTOà;i|reie an escaped that, he h^ tàded upon t^ knowtedge to make acqneBe in Us- Olive. Come, sit, do 1 hold & ÏJie tramps, or not?" Th>! squatter did not answer. He had fallen back in his chair, his eyes were dosed, his if ace drawn by his mental agony. Bing* . ham, at that moment, almost ipited him. At last Damford spoke. "Supposing—supposing, A he said, in a strange hesitating way, " that what you say I were true. What then—what do you wish? to deliver me to justice ?" " Not if you comply—and promptly—with my terms.' « And what are they ?" "That you instantly leave the colony. You need take but little time to do so—a ; fortnight should suffice. You must keep your purpose secret, and leave without announcement with 'your family. Hide yourself anywhere—America should afford 1 you asylum. You are rich, and need have no | fear on that score. But if you persist in ; remaining here, I pledge you my word I shall denounce you, both as an escaped convict and as a murderer. As the former, I have known you for a long time past." The squatter threw his arms upon the table, and bent his head upon them. His gray hairs trailed across his fingers, his form shivered. Still Bingham did not relent. "Wow you know," said he, "why I said that young Arden shall not marry your daughter." " Why ?" cried the other suddenly—Arden himself.". "I know," interrupted the other. " Arden also an escaped convict. When you left him to die, he got away in an American whaler. Trill's papers on the subject are very complete and interesting, Bnt there is difference between an escaped convict and cold-blooded murderer. I like young Arden—I shall make bim my heir: with his father I hare nothing to do. But I am determined he shall not further sully his name by marrying the daughter of an assassin. Come sir, your answer.. Do you accept my terms ?" The squatter raisedi his wan and haggard face—Ms eyes looked very wistful. I accept your terms. . You need not fear In a few days 1 shall have departed— for ever," Bingham looked keenly tinto the other's face. Something In the man's voice and manner aroused suspicion.' "You will leave Australia forever? Is that what you mean ?" Yes, that is what I mean," said the other. " And now sir, I must ask you to trust me. I shall make no further resistance to your wishes. I shall cheerfully resign the position I have won here, and the hopes entertained for the advancement of my family. I want peace and rest, as you >ay," and he smiled bitterly. " I am rich, and can purchase both." "Yery well," said Bingham, folding up the chemist's report, " that is satisfactory, hope you may find rest and peace, and find forgiveness also froM Heaven, for the crimes you have committed. On my part—and you know you can trust my word—I pledge myself to be as silent as the grave. 1 " Aye !" said the squatter, " as the grave,® and.he moved away. An astonishing change had come to him. An hour before he was alert and quick of movement.. He moved now feebly, and with the uncertain air of one who can barely see his way.. His form was bent, and he used his hands as though groping in the dark. Bingham watchedihim curiously. "He is stri&en; bard," <éaid he. "Poor devil! bis temptation was great. But he shall not thwart, my purpose. He must go, CHAPTER JEXIV. IK TEE TOUS Am> DE8PERATX. "What then? In the dark hour of despair'shall puling conscience cheat us? Kay—'tis he or I, and one must die." The squatter called a cab, and was driven to the top of Lygon street, Carlton, where he alighted. Then by a circuitous route be reached the woman Parquita's house. She was within, and welcomed Damford with an air of surprise. It was not often die saw her patron, and when' ha did visit her she naturally concluded that. business was meant,: 'Not thatibu^mess with Parqjaita always tock the tragic-form of that which had recently been transacted between herself and Damford. Curiously enough, the squatter, despite lus strong'character, was singularly superstitions, and Parquifca, among other weird accomplishments, professed the art of reading die future. Many a time Damford had consulted her when about to take part in some speculation, and oddly enough, always with profit. It is r hardly to be wondered that he should entertain a respect for this singular wljpan, which was akin-to awe. But flpan ifaispn^ sent occasion, tins feeling %ad yidded tbthe' passionate despair which bad BeUed «pan him, when Bingham revealed bis knowledge of his past deeds. He could sol; but fbïnk tint Bingham had received his information from Paiquita, not indeed, directly, but by one yrho bad orer-readjad the Jfaksf woman. • ••* " Parquita," he said, "I am undone." "Carrambai what mean you." . Than he told her of his interview ; with Bingham, and the unquestionable eviàence death. The woman listened with glistening eyes and parted lips. " Tell me," she said, " This Bingham, is he rich?" "Yes> " Does he have many servants ?" " Yes, be keeps a good boose." "Ahousekeeper—has he one? Tell me quick." Why yes, I think so.. A curions sort of woman, ! have heard. A Spanish Gipsy." " Ah, mtUadetl<) " ejaculated the woman miserable fool that I am.) : Yes I sp all, \- • ••• — shall you yield to this maiiV The squatter smilled sadly. haye no other resource," he answered. *'It is certain that he holds me in his power. Even if he could not prove that I—that Trill died in that way, you know, he has other knowledge with which he would crash me," The woman, who was sitting on her haunt, ches, in Malay fashion, bent her face in her hands, and rocked herself to and fro. Presently she sprang to her feet. "Tush !" she exclaimed. "Tou must not riéld. What matters one more ? It is yon or he for it. We will kill him, Guilliamo, kill him!" and 'she clenched her hands ami stamped her naked foot up»m the floor. Aye^eaid the squatter. "But how?" Howl easily. X have a dozen conning ways Guilliamo. See," and she- went to the cupboard and withdrew a square box. .From this she drew several vials." Each of these little'bottles contains the power to kill a hundred men or women. Ah! it is we who know. Before a week had passed, my friend,my friend,-see you—that treacherous Spainard shall prove my words. And as for your Bingham, behold," and she drew from a vial a small globule, trans» parent, like a pearl." "-See, sir," see cried in a kind of eestacy, this dropped into a cup of wine or coffee, dissolves instantlv. Swallowed it works death in a few minutes—^painless death." " Have you nothing that kills instantly, Parquita ?" asked Damford hoarsely. " Aye. This, and she held up a small vial filled with pink liquid." "Behold! this, i£ applied to a man's nostrils when be sleeps, sends his soul forth, in fiveseconds. It is so deadly, Guilliamo, that if a drop be sprinkled on a rose, and smell the perfume of the flower, yon die within a minute. 1 "Give it to me—Give it to me," cried Damford, " that is what I want." Nay, let me prove my words," and she left the room, returning presently with a letter. " See now—stand not near. This must be given at arm's length. Behold 1" She withdrew the cork from the vial, and rapidly passed the bottle under the kitten's nose. The poor brute shivered, became convulsed, and died. Parquita looked around triumphantly. " See now, Guilliamo. Shall you yield now without a struggle. Pshaw !" The squatter's eyes glittered. "But how—in what way shall I be able to administer this terrible 'poison. I have no means of approaching Bingham." "Tut. Leave that to me. Go home, dear friend. It is I who shall rescue you. Hal how clever these people are, eh ? But not so clever as the Malay woman.*- And yet why should I boast. I, who have so easily been trapped by that aceursed Spainaid El Diablo! come, my friend—some wine Here is a rich Maderia. Drink and laugh What ! shall these inebriates hound you to despair. Nay, not so, while ParquitaTives !' She poured out a full tumbler of wine, and the squatter drank it oft It steadied his nerves, which, in truth, had been sadly shaken. He was not really a bad man—he was kindly at heart, and generous. Bu good men often fall beneath the weight of circumstances ; a fact which presents a curious problem to those comfortable people who are always preaching personal responsibility, and the . power of all men to regulate their lives and actions. " Paquita," said he, " give me some of those globules. They may be of use." She looked at him sharply. " You would have them in case of failure, eh? Then you would kill yourself." " I knownot. At anyrate, if I should do so mad a thing, it would be wpll to die an oasy death." (fihe looked at him fixedly, £or fnJH fa minute. Then she suddenly sank npan her knees, and erasing his hand, pressed it to her bpeast and lips." "Guilliamo," she cried, "we are old—yet in my heart my young love lives. Oham withered now, and ugly* Yes, I know it. But my young love lives. Promise.. me, promise me, that not unless I fail shall you come to do that last dark thing. Promise me." ~~ "S^ sij'^he cried, almost with impatience and speaking in Spanish, "I do promise But if you should fail, you know there is no hope for me—but that." El DitMo 1" Bald the woman, "so be it. I am content, because I know that I shall not faiL Ere the «un rises on the blessed day of rest and worship. Carramba ! yoar Bingham shall be placed beyond the power of going uisebiaf. ït is I Pargnit» who say it. Ij tbe inheritor of a thousand secrets s of life and death. See Guilliamo. You know I can read of the beyond. It is so. Ltis'éiven to me to do so. My people for two hundred years bave praç^ped^magie. Behold!' With a dramatic gesture, the won aside a curtain and xetaaled a minor. She lighted two lamps oa «Hifir"dde. Thai she swiftly ignited «ome substance in a brader, and jfceaoom was instantly filled witk^a cloud of aromatic smoke. "Lopkat the minor, Guilliamo I"cried the f&day.; ^ie squatter did so, fewfully. As lie 'gazed, be saw—° r thought be «aw—a shadowy picture. Ainanlay onabed asleep, a night lamp on a table by the bedside. The fso£ was Bingham's. Presently a dark form crept towards the bed,- with the stealthy noiseless step of a panther. The face, half bidden by a shawl revealed the feattoes of Parquita. She crept close to the sleeping man, (and taking from her bosom a vial, withdrew the stopper, and rapidly placed the open bottle beneath the man's nostras. The squatter madced how instantly the face became rigid; how a quick spasm convulsed the form : how tie jaws dropped apart, and wide, were fixed in the woman re-stopped the it to her bosom. Then she and .sought for a bunch of She found them, iqpened a cabinet, and took n j . . t see, ' .ilj^&^ï&èiâlâÊs^j ùïta,att&ïspaints "Yes 1 u The papers are enclosed in a stout blue wrapper," gasped the squatter,- " and in a corner, is a cross in read ink." fitteno " -.then I shall know. Now Guilliamo, do you doubt of my success." " I believe Parquita, that you are in league with Satan himself, was the - answer, as Damford wiped the sweat from bis brow. The woman laughed. "And if so, amigo," she answered" why all the better for yon. Who should better help us in evil doing, than the Prince of Evil himself, eli? Bnt rest you content. I do not fear, for Z have never failed, and I have a personal matter to settle in that house. Caramba that accursed gipsy shall die the death, even her master does." "Aye—she must die'also. For if she lives, she will have much to say that will render her master's death useless^ to us. But Parquita, how do you hope to get access to the house." Kay, heed not that. I shall find my way, doubt it not. And now go, my friend, and be wary. Go not through the front way. Who knows who may be wat&ing.; You can find your way by the lane that runs from the back of the house. Oh beware of treachery. It would undo us indeed, if it were known that you had visited me. Come." With this she led the way down some narrow stairs into a sort of kitchen. A firewas burning in the grate, and an old woman, of the Malay type sat before it. Her eyes glowed through the gloom as brightly as the coals in the grate. " Hush "madre mia—Yes it is. He is in danger. Pray to the Holy mother for safety. It is my mother, Guilliamo—who everyday prays to Heaven for you." "For mie!" cried the squatter bitterly." Alas ! her prayers arejuseless." "Nay, not so," said the other gravely," for.Heaven is Just, and knows how you have been tried. Fear not. .You have done well not-OL Farewell." She seized his hand again, pressed it to her bosom, and pushed him gently through the gate. He groped ids way painfully down the dark and noisome ally, and presently emerged upon a bye street. Thence he found his way into a main thoroughfare. It was nearly dark ere he reached town, and he did not fear that he had been observed. Arriving at his house, he found his family waiting dinner for him, and that Ned Arden was a visitor. He received the young man with marked kindness. It spothed his wounded! pride, to have this feeling towards one in whose cause Bingham was pursuing his relentless course, and to prevent whose union with Damford's daughter he had announced his fixed purpose. Ned himself, threw off the uncomfortable feelings wbich even oppressed him, since his conversation with Bingham, when in the company of Damford. His spirits rose. He spoke well and wittily, and after dinner, played and sa&g;, and told good stories, with such gVill, feeling and animation, that even Damford half forgot his dark troubles and the ladies were in high delight. " A fine young man," said Damford when Ned left. " I dont wonder Laura, that you have lost your heart to him. And yet—I know not why—I fear disaster, if you marry him." " Let it come father," cried the girl. « We can face it." "Ah poor girl, poor girl," muttered her farther absently, '"how littie you know what you are saying. CHAHTER XXV. A JfATAl NIGHT. "Who kneweth what the stars see ?" Since Mr. Diver had ianded ovp $heim- c portant ^papers jrlqchhe had secured, tromfhe, effects af his late friend and implo^ei^Mr. Porter had displayed great, consideration for that gentleman. It was of a magnificent order, partaking largely of thé superior benevolence of one who condescends to patronise a being of much inferior type. But Mr Diver was gratefuL Mr Porter's lofty friend, ship so far restored his social position, that he was permitted to take part in the convivialities which rightly took place at the " Wombat" It is true, as I have said, that the company no longer regarded Mr Diver with'the reaped:, winch, upon bis just introduction to the society, they had been disposed to accord him.- Mr. Porter's bitter denunciation of his erstwhile rival as a gentleman who had paid the penalty" In .that land of penalties, now known as Tasmania, was not forgotten, and it was bopdess for Mr. Diver to hope to regain his former prestige. Recognising this, be humbly sheltered himself under Mï. PortetV * wing—a flattery which soothed and broadened that personage's benevolence, mid led bim to adopt the role of a protector and ^patnm towards Mr. Diver. NaturaJly, tbe two men became confidential. They exchanged many opinions upon the subject of Mr. Trills mysterious demise, and. "You see," said Diver. "Jemmy—that's Trill youknow, had this chap under his bed. He told me enough, and. I learned enough to know that. Jfe <mad^this here Damford in' 4£rdooee him everywhere to Goverment House tf yoigplease. . ^^ba be was a oner out Jemmy—that is XriB, a real, upstraight, downright By un, Bean tell yon. And what does be want, dye think of Damford. Why nothin less than his daughter—his youngest daughter. Now that unost have made the gent wild—specially as X hardly think the young woman'd care much for Jemmy. He pursuing the matter further, arrived - at a pretty good conception of the truth, that Damford knew more about it than the public generally supposed. * wasn't ".very handsome, was he Mr. Porter." : : " Like a sign post with a prize turnipstuck on the top," responded Mr. Porter, senteniiously." Handsome ! Oh lord—not by no means./ Bui be'd cheek enough, as I've heard to do ynthoot li^g handsome. I was read- .In^.of âw» Mis " 16 's^y'f^^ Von %*êï|r his cheek was tiiat great that he used 4b walk past the sweEest, most handsome gents in, London, with the ladies, .audisays he one day, give me half an hour's start, and Fll take any gal from the handsomest man in England. And lor 1 bless you Diver, he was right Taint looks the creeturs like, its audacity, pluck, cheek—a face as is always on the grin, and a keye as is always on the wink." Ah. Mr. Porter," said Mr. Diver, " its all very well for you to talk. You've got .the manner, the pecooliar attraction of address and ascertain dignity as fixes 'em right away." "Well," said Mr. Porter, "it may be so. I've met many fine women in my time, and never yet met one as was proof against my But, as you were saying, there's no doubt this here Damford gave Trill thatcigar. That agar it was as fixed him. Why it is as plain as a pikestaff. If not, why was it that the Spinner—that anointed young villian Bingham keeps (God knows what for) in the house—was took so bad after smokin' the butt" To be sure, to be sure. If s as plain, as you say, as a pikestaff." "But Bingham is on the trial," said Mr. Porter, " and when he gets a scent of any- - thing, he don't get off it until he runs down the quarry. He has a down upon that there Damford, and is real mad that young Arden's goin' to marry his eldest daughter. I heard them, of cause, I'd scorn to listen— having quite a row about it the other evening, and I heard quite enough know that Damford came from over the water. I don't want to hurt your feelings Diver, but I will say that it aint over and above difficult to spot a cove as bas done his lagging I find it easy enough, having so Jnany canary birds in my time when I was in the army, and Bingham's own man in the regiment. For instance (dont be offended Diver IVpotted you, just as I set eyes on you. YouH own it was your own fault I let the cat out of the bag." "Yes, yes, I own it I ought to have been more respectful." "Well, it don't matter Diver," said the other." You have shown your contrition in a very handsome way, and may always depend on my friendship and countenance. And that reminds me—what are you going to do now. On the look out for a place V" "Why no Mr. Porter. The fact is I've a goodish stun of money, made on the diggins I shall go into some sort of a business, I dare say. But I aint in no hurry. "Ahem'."said Mr. Porter,supon whom this statement had a marked effect. "I'm glad to hear Diver that you are in good case. I shall be happy to give you the advice of experience, when you feel disposed to invest .your capital. I don't suppose—he ! he! million, but whatever it is." "Over £70«0 Sir." " Bless us all ! you don't say so. Why Mr. Diver, that is a comfortable sum, a very comfortable sum. I really am most gratified that «ircumstances should have .been such as to bring about a reconciliation between us, Sir allow me—shake hands on it, and have a gin." Mr. Diver expressed bis great gratification at these evidences of Mr. Porter's good will, and remarked that when he had concluded to embark his money in business be should not fail to consult his friend—Mr. Porter would allow him to call-him his friend— upon the subject "For^I'm like a child—a hinocent babe sir in such matters," continued Mr. Diver confidentially, and yet with à sly wink at his inner consciousness. " But it is twelve o'clock. May I have the pleasure of accompanying you on your way home? " "Tobe sure Diver, to be sure," said Mr, Porter rising and buttoning his coat "Your way lies my way; madam,"to the vridow, " good night and pleasant dreams." "Good night, Mr. Porter. Good night, Mr. Diver," and to the latters astonishment, the widow extended her hand with a smile. "He took it respectfully, gently pressed it, aghed/ and followed Mr. Bingham's confi dentfal servant. i* That's a rematkabte fine woman, Diver,^ said Mr. Porter, ".and I. mean & "Igiveyonjoyjàr," was the answer, and then Mr. Diver remembered Madam's •unexpected smile, and the gentle pressure of her hand. "You shall be best man, Diver, and there shall always be a cozy corner in our parlour for you when you choose to visit us. : « Ah ! your real kind Mr. Porter," said the other. "I'veseen rough times, Mr. Porter, and thought I was hardened agin sentiment. But when I hear you speaking like that, 1 feel so soft—as soft—as a feather pillar." Meanwhile, the widow having closed her doors, sat down toà oosysnpper. And asshe discussed tins, she seemed to be buried in some deeper thought than the merits of the wast • potato» : and cold chicken which favored repast might have called forth. «Seven thousand pounds," she murmured, « That's a fine sum. And he is younger, and better looking than Porter, who is in truth a pompous donkïy. Not that I should care aboni that. I'd soon knock that ont of him. But 3Ë7OO0 ! and what does it matter after all 'if he has come from over the water. Many good man has been sent there. And lie scons good tempered, and kind. Yes, I think that Fll throw «ver Porter, and go in for tie j£OOOJ little dreaming that the widow bad overbeard the conversation, in the course of whici Mr. Diver had stated the amount of his monetary resources, the two made their way towards Mr. Bingham^ house. Arrived at t±ie gate, they stood for a ie«r moments in final conversation. Mr.Diver happening to lodk towards the house remarked the faint reflection. of a 'light••••-,• "Your boss aint gone to bed yet," ha sud. .-•. • "What!" cried tiie other- «He always goes to bed at ten o'clock, 'cept when there'» company. And there aint none to-night. « Well—see there's a lisflit." "So there is," eaid Mr Porter. "Halloa 1 hold on Diver. May belts thieves, thatlights in the front parlor. You just stop here, while I go round. Eh! why d a it, there's the light IU 'Bingham's room," and with the activity of a young man, Mr. Porter ran ronnd the garden walk to the rear of the cottage. As be did so, Diver marked the shadow of a form—he' judged a .woman— pictured against the window blind. "Ha!"he said, with a chuckle. "I see how it is. They're all the same Cupid and Venus, Cupid and ; Venus—Hulloa! what's that!" CHAPTER XXVI. FOltBB. ' -f " Why this is- cruel ! When vengeance was mine own, my arm was parslyzed." Mr. Diver's exclamation was called forth by the reflection of another figure against the window blind. He saw ' the shadows tien of two forms struggling. Then a cTitïpV, then tbe hoarse cries of men. And then tbe front door was opened suddenly. "Direr!" " "Hulloa!" " Bun for a policeman. Quick. I've got a she devil here, and it '11 take all our time to hold her." Mr. Diver ran towards the Toorak Boad as swiftly as possible, and had the good fortune to meet a policeman at the comer of the street, "You're wanted," said he breathlessly. Am I," said the policeman, "and who wants me?" " " There's murder, robbery, or semetbin' of the sort up at Mr. Bingham's house on the bilL Come on." "Hook it now me friend," said the policeman. "Don't be in such a moighty . flurry, Take it aisy. If its murther, why then there's no hurry ; if its robbery, there's no hurry." "But there is. They've got the woman. The woman !" echoed tie policeman, slowly proceeding up the street, "Ah thin, if there's woman in it, there's miscoief av coorse. Mr. Bingham's—Well, 1 know him—a dacent man."' By this time tbsy had arrived. The front door was open. In the passage all the domestics had gathered.. "Clear the way, there" said Mr. Porter. "Get into the kitchen. You, Martha, stay here please. Now, policeman, follow me." With this Mr. Porter, who now exhibited a more portentious air of importance threw open the parlor door, and passing through the apartment, led the way into Mr. Bingham's sleeping apartment. Mr. Diver followed close, and this is what he saw. Mr. Bingham habited in a dressing gown, sat in an arm shair. Heloaked pale, and as though dozed, his eyes fixed upon the form of a woman, who lay upon the bed, bound fast with, cords. Tbe window was. thrown open: yet in the apartment a peculiar heavy ordor was perceptible, which, upon the entry of the men, seemed to affect tbe sensibly. «What's the matter here," asked the policeman with the air and in the tone of authority. «Attempt to rob my master" returned Mr. Porter." I happened to come home just in time. That woman there was just in the act of sticking something under the nose of my master. I knocked the bottle out of her hand—you can smell the stuff." "Begorra! lean." « X threw her down, and dashed the windows open. Then I had a tussle. Shed the strength of a man, and fought, and bit and snatched like a wildcat. Mr. Bingham therefor stupid like, I could give little Help. Howsoever the noise we made brought the housekeeper in. When that she devil saw her, she seemed to get double strength. It was ten minutes before we overcame and tied her. And then didnt she let out at the housekeeper, spat at her, swore at her (Ï guess) in some outlandish lingo. And Martha, she said quickly. " I expected this," at which the other ground her teeth, and cursed in real double barrel fashion. That's alL And now Mr. Policeman, take her away." (To be Continued.) 