The following telegram, chopped out of a South Australian contemporary "is a lair sample of the ludicrous distortions which pass for West Australian news in our Eastern contemporaries :—" Lord Knutsford lias refused to receive delegates from tlie Eastern colonies in support of Western Australia's demand for Constitutional Government." It is said that one lias to go away from home to hear news of himself. Certainly one has to go outside Western Australia to obtain " original " information concerning the colony and its affairs. # * The Prince of Wales is rapidly breaking up. He lately lost a very dear female friend and guide, his bosom friends of his own sex have nearly all been publicly disgraced, and now his eldest son, who lias hitherto conducted himself •with the simplicity of an idiot, threatens to go wrong utterly. * * Scientist: " Bring m? a decoction of burnt psas, sweetened with glucose, "and lightened with chain and water." Waiter (vociferously) : " Coffee # * for one ! " * • i The wit of women is pretty ready 011 most occasions, and Mrs. Snips was in this respect in nowise behind her sex. Fate had linked her to a drunken husband, who, to excuse himself, remarked, "An extra glass makes quite another man of me." "Doesit?" was the calm reply, and next night the bedroom door was locked, and Snips fouud himself outside. He thundered at the panels, but a calm voice came from the pillow : " You can't expect me to let you in, for no faithful wife could admit 'another man.' " A curious illustration of the different meaning attached to the same words in England and the United States was afforded by an incident which took place recently. An American lady, who had just gone over, went into a stationer's shop and asked if he had any " squeezers"—this being the term applied by Americans to playing-cards. " No, madame," replied the shopmen, " but if you st. p round to the ironmonger's he will accommodate you/' On arrival at the hardware store she repeated her request, and was promptly placed in receipt of a pair of lemon-squeezers. "I asked for squeezers!" cried the indignant dame. "Those are squeezers, ma'am, and American ones too." This completely upset the lr.d -'s tamper." " You call those squeezers, do you ?" she said slowly. " Well, if I don't believe that in this one-ej*ed country cf yours you play poker with fire-irons !" A man discoveres more virtues in his wife before he is married and after lie is divorced than lie ever did in the interim between these two periods in his career. # * "A health to all those whom we live. A health to all those who love us, A health to all those who love them who love those Who love those who # love # them who love us." * Baritone Saut ley (with the Much-Travelled S my the who is no w managing him) left Sydney for -Yew Zealand last Tuesday fortnight accompanied by Ellon Atkins, Henry Stockwell. and accompanist Bradley. The "Son of the Ocean Isle" went out of Sydney Heads in the e Auau with the waves about 20 feet high. The farewell Meinour ne season was an immense success. In ten concerts Santley netted more than lie did during the thirteen # concerts of his first season. * I11 the " Gondolier3," Gilbert has a sly dig at the Dook of Gampbridge :— "In enterprise of martial kind, When there was a ay fighting, He led his regiment from behind— He found it less exciting. But when away his regiment ran, His place was at the fore, O— 'J'he celebrated, C alt i rated, Underrated, Nobleman, 'The Duke of Plaza- Loro ! *' When to evade Destruction's hand To hide they all proceeded, No soldier in that gallant band Hid half as well as he di A. He lay concealed throughout the war, And so preserved his gore, O ! That unaffected, Un etected, Well- connected Warrior, The Duke of Plaza-Toro !" st The other day a Perth thermometer registered 90 deg. in the shade, and yet the commercial columns of our evening daily contained the ridiculous assertion—" Butter remains firm." * The following appears in the Long Lost Relatives list in Lloyd's Weekly London Newspaper for January 19th —"William Edward Courtney, left in February, 1887, for W. Australia, and in July, 1.888, was working on the railway 270 miles south of Albany. His mother is anxious." We should imagine she was. A railway 270 miles south of Albany would be a work before which the Eiffel Tower, the Panama Canal, or the bridge over the English Channel would be as nothing, inasmuch as it would be situated on the ocean highway, somewhere on the road to the South Pol No wonder the poor woman was anxious when she heard her son was engaged in such a perilous undertak- An invention for putting stamps on letters is oue of the latest. It will be fouud useful by ladies whose tongues are Typhoid is called " the insanitary spectre," probably because an energetic Sanitary Inspector could lay the ghost. ## * The late Lord Napier, of Magdala, once tried to enter political life as member for Southwark (London). His first speech was very brief. He just managed to shout something about " the honour of the British llag and the Chinese war," when the crowd drowned his vnic-e and smothered him with flour, and threw cabbage stalks, and dead kittens, intermingled with the egg of commerce. But old Nap. stood as firm as a rock, cursing with all his energy, and with all the fluency of an Acting Governor, or a would-be Colonial Delegate. * # ''Marvellous Melbourne" is beginning to discover that a too- youthful and inexperienced governor with an equally juvenile and inexperienced wife—be they never so wealthy well-meaning and highly-born—may be somewhat of a mistake. Already, it is staled, misunderstandings have arisen, and re'ations are strained between Lord Hopetonu and his responsible advisers. Evidently social or political diplomatists are not born but rather evolved from a long course of special training, for instance ^ir Wi Lam C. F. Robinson, the leiu ideal cf a " trained Governor." # * A young Guildford surveyor, whom we will call Mr. Carpenter, invited a friend to come and see him one evening. "Where's your house Y " -ai l the other. "Oh, it's that pretty little cottage round the corner," said the waggish Carpenter, " It's got a big verandah covered with honeysuckle and a mortgage upon it, so you can't possibly miss it ! " ft # Our most Gracious Queen apparently does not possess a birthday book, and she does not trust to the newspapers that penetrate in'o her prs.nce fcr intimations of the coming birthdays of great statesmen who have served lier. Tau s "it was, we learn from a London contemporary, that amoig the hundreds of good wishes that reached Mr. Gladstone on his compl ting his eightieth year there were none from the Queen. When, however, Lord - alisbury was lail up with influenza, Her Majesty at once sent the expression of her serious concern to Hatfield, and backed it up by sending lior own physician. Among Mr. Gladstone's birthday greetings one from Lord Salisbury was conspicuous by its absence ; but among the enquirers after Lord Salisbury's health was Mr. Gladstone. # * * Sir Willia-u Robinson has composed a new song "The Poet's Last Dream" the words by Gilbert Parker. Surely this was not the dream ! He lay upon his stubble bed, And tossed in dreamy glee ; His large carbuncled nose was red, His eyes we could not see. He dreamed a dream, 'twas full of bliss, Of woman and of wine ; He clasped her waist, he felt her kiss, He thought that it was fine. He dreamed that duns were done for aye, That people read his rhymes, And as lie dreamed his heart was gay, And joyous were his times. And suddenly he "woke, and then, His tongue was parched and dry ; No loving - woman did lie ken, No friendly pub. was nigh. The bailiff grim was at the door, His " latest" was returned ; And for oblivion once more That poet's bosom yearned. If the report in the " W.A." of the recent meeting of the Western Liedertafel is a correct one, the members appointed a new conductor without saying " Good bj'e" or " You be hanged" to the old one. This is unlike our own experience of the musical souls who used every Monday evening regularly,-for about eighteen months, to assemble at the festive board of the Federal Hotel, and indulge in much music, and a little whiskey and tobacco. However this may be, the Liedertafel lias gained as its conductor, Mr. Diamond, a gem of the first water, one who is an excellent man and a good musician, and having got over the trying and troublous initial stages of its existence we trust our only Liedertafel has entered on an existence of uninterrupted harmony and prosperity. # The new" Metropolitan Hotel" in Bay- street, for which Auctioneer Neelands has given notice that he intends to apply for a provisional license, promises to be a big thing in hotels, as its high sounding name implies. Fremantle will not much longer be able to maintain that it has the biggest and best hotel in the colony, a distinction conferred upon it by that worthy colonist, J. A. Herbert, who, by the way, celebrated his silver wedding the other day by inviting his many friends to an excellent ball. Reverting to our own "Métropole," Mr. Neelands 6ays that he intends that it shall supply what he characterises as a long felt want in Perth, viz., a big, centrally situated family hotel, and we all know with regard to thé President of the Eight Hours' Association that he is like Gama Rex—" When he says he'll do a thing he'll do it—devil a doubt, he'll do it !" *#* This is a fair sample of W.A. English as she is writ from our, at present only evening daily. Of course the italics are ours :—" The first class yacht race between the Nautilus and Karrakata, for JJ50 aside, took place this afternoon, and is proceeding while we were going to press. 1 he start was made at 3 o'clock." To which we can only say, "Were it ?" In a desperate attempt to appear to be up to time our contemporary has quite gone astray as regards tense— and, grammatically, "tense " and "time" are syuonymouB. v The owner first breaks the racehorse ; then the racehorse proceeds to break the owner. Ye Mistresse and Ye Mayde—a fact. Porttmantle Lady (notorious for changing her servants about once a month, to» newly arrived immigrant girl, whom she is thinking of engaging as a domestic) : " Yes, I think you., will suit me. But how long were you in your last place?" Immigrant : " Four years, ma'am." " Ah, and how long were you in the place before that?" "Three years, ma'am." "And the one before that ?" " I think it was two years, but may I ask how long you kept your last servant ?" Mistress j(sud-. denly confused) : " 1 think it was six weeks," but (dreading a further examination) I have had several bad servants lately,—nobody knows what I have had to put up with ': " Immigrant (sufficiently enlightened) : " All ma'am, I don't think I should suit you, as I want to keep up my name for being able to keep my place. * * * Good morning." This week Mr. J. H. Darley and Mrs- Bonney of Bunbury, were "conjugally matrimonified." The ladies said the bridegroom looked a regular darley-ing, and the gentlemen said of the bride that she looked exceedingly bonney. Mr. Darley will assist his spouse m managing the Rose Hotel, and will therefore become a " Bonney-face." We trust he will have a Rose-y time. We feel much better after these few remarks, and can cordially wish the happy couple a lifelong continuation of their present happiness. Pocr Mr. Fraser, we feel so sorry for him, and shall be glad to know that he has reached the peaceful resort of Killeen, and settled down to rural joys ! J his is what causes our sorrow—a paragraph from the Daily News :— '•' Frazer's bo.ler has come to grief again,, the new plates, having caved in, although the boiler's condition is not sobad as it was during the previous break down, when the salt was sticking to the boiler to the extent of 2\ inches in thickness in the shell, and inches 011 the tubes, with a ton or two of loose salt in the bottom, and that, two after run of only thirty-six hours ! " We strongly object to the familiarity involved in referring to any portion of Mr. Eraser's anatomy as his boiler, but this is Mr. Fraser's own concern. As for the other details, they scarcely call for comment. * jl * Asliburton Dave as lie is familiarly called, fondly thought he was the champion fat man of W. A., but pride must have a fall, even the pride of excessive adipose deposit, and Dave's has now considerably decreased—the pride, not the fat. A fortnight ago he was game to bet any-, thing you like lie was the Daniel Lambert of his Colony, and would make any other man. kick the beam who scaled against him. So a cunning 111er-. chant of Fremantle, who is well aware that blubber is not soheavy as muscle, made a little wager with the big squatter,, .and then took him to Jack Chester's butcher's shop in. Adelaide-street, Fremantle. When Dave saw that benevolent looking fat boy he started, and looked surprised, but another glance made him confidènt he could just about, hold his own, and so lie jumped on to the scale. It just went 17st. Slbs., and Dave looked at his opponent zs much as to say "Beat that if you can ! " Then on gracefully waddled the Fi'emantle Champion, and to Dave's absolute astonishment he scaled 25 st, 10 lbs. At first the squatterthought it was " trickses," but after a time he became convinced that Northern blow and biubber can't hold its own against Fremantle solid fat and muscle. And now Jack is"willing to run Dave 50 yards,and # backs himself to win. # # " Sir Edward G. S. Hare, Q. C., made a brilliant defence for his client, the landlord of the Metropolitan Hotel, who was charged with allowing the unlawful games of baccarat,, and faro to be played upon his premises. Sir Edward proved that all the statutes applying to unlawful gaming were obsolete and capable of a multitude of interpretations and showed conclusively that nobody knew anything about these matters save himself. The learned judge, after t-ir Edward had completed his speech for the defence, which lie concluded amidst his own sobs and the strong emotion of those in court, handed down a note congratulating him,, and stating that it was a ' great speech worthy of a great occasion.' It is rumored that Sir Edward will shortly be offered a colonial peerage." '1 he foregoing is an extract from the West Australian Times of February 31st, 1901. * * George Towton has given up liorse-racing and intends going 111 for bird-fancying. - He has just imported a phoenix from Phoenicia, which is on view in the Freemasons' yard, together with his mate a very charming and amiable bird. He has also sent away for a pair of dodos and an ibis. The phoenixes or phoenices—we are not certain which is the plural—show distinct marks on their most prominent parts of where they were burnt in the last fire, but George says they muen't come any of their incendiary tricks in his backyard. * # * Our only baronet was reduced to plain " Wster" T. Campbell by the democratic shipping reporter of the Home- News. It must have been a dreadful shock to the Bart's feelings ; and his near and dear friends have alto suffered deeeply in consequence. W. A. is proud of " Sir Thomas," and did'nt send home a real live baronet for nothing, so it is to be trusted that no more mistakes cf the kind will be made in the future, # # # The Daily News is responsible for the assertion that " Four and a half couples of Adelaide coursing hounds have been purchased for Perth, where the owner intends attempting to establish hunting." May we be permitted to humbly enquire if " coursing hounds," are used for hunting, also what coursing is to be obtained in this sandy land ? We believe there are a few rabbits on Garden Island (which the Water Police have been vainly endeavouring to starve out) and one or two of the Hare family live on the mainland, but there is not much room for coursing at Carnac, and if anybody tried to hunt the Hare in Perth they might find themselves the pursued instead of the pursuers. # # * The great trotting match between Joseph and Anselui resulted in an easy win for the former, and now Anselm. says " Mine cootness, I vill dro-t Joe in zix months' time for his shirt." His friend replies, " Not for Joseph," and tells Anselm not to be shirty because he didn't win. *** . An exchange lias an article ou " Women a3 Warriors." The editor has evidently been there! 