TflEV.R.cAUTUMH MEETING. . Ht "VmiiiAlra." ; BEV1EW OF- THE RACING TIKST (NEWMAHKET) DAY. Judged £y the appearance of the Grand Stand and enclostno at Flemington on Saturday, the attendance of the public was hardly up to the avemge of past TeWraarkcfc .Handicap days. . Still there was a tolerably large crowd, and those who stayed- nt homcj must regret their absence from the course, as thb'iiring, although altogether devoid of close, finishes, was interesting as bearing on. future big events, tho.Caulfield and Melbourne Cups and Y.R.C. Derby, to wit. In Titan (unquestionably the greatest two-year-old performer Australianturfit-es have ever seen), we have, 1 fancy, been introduced to the Derby winner, and his Ascot Yale Stakes victory following so closely on his handicap performance — at Caulfield in the Oakleigb Handicap — is likely to send the gelding well up m the two thousand pound line of purchases at thchon James white's sale next month. Marco, another gelding — by Martini- Henry — out of Melanie, who won bis race— the Hopeful Stakes— just as easily as Titan appropriated the Ascot Yale .(Stakes, will also ill all proba bility be keenly competed ' for when otiered under the hammer. ' This gelding is engaged in all the claBsio events. Dreadnought, who won for Hr White his sixth V.R.C. St. Leger, had no difii- ficulty in smothering Singapore for pace in a three furlong flutter home ;ond as the bay sou. qi Martini-Henry subse quently caino out and beat Melos, Bravo aid Chintz at wcight-for-agc in the Es aendon Stakes, Dreadnought's Aus tralian Cup chance was oraeiaerably en hanced, and a rush was made to lake all the even money oflcrcd againbtJhe chest nut sou. of Chester for the long-distance raoc. . \ J5Jii£rket ohe. t>f Live biggostijjids.ovcr fiot -vs. periencod in connection with this race. Sedition, last year's winner, was a rank outsider, bub Churchill, who simply romped home with a stone up Ins sleeve on Saturday, was even fliorc friendless in tho betting than the chestnub marc. All told, per haps, Churchill was backed to win L15,000 ; and as the bookmakers llicm- : seives admit that the owners of other horses and the public had invested some thing more than LOO, 000 on their fancies, tho lurgc e mil of money netted by the ring men can be readily understood. Boz mil n great horse under his lOst lib ; and Sir William raced up to his very best form, but neither had a ghost of a chance with Churchill, who' won very comfort ably by about two' lengths. Fishwife, who fliiishtHl fifth, and Audacity (so liCAvily backed by tho Maoriland division), who ran sixth, each per formed more than creditably ; but Apropos, who, as usual, ran very un kindly, finished amongst the rearmost divisiou. The time, lmin. 3 <5 sec., was slow, particularly so considering the fast nature of the course. Carbine, who, in the absence of Abercorn and Dread nought, bad not a veiy hard task set liim in the Esscndon Stakes, got home with a trifle to spare half a length in front of Singapore, Melos third a neck off. Believers in Lhe time test must surely have had their powers of credibility sorely taxed on Saturday in connection with the b)ow time made in the Newmarket Handi cap. The owners or trainers of Fishwife, Audacity, Grandlikc, Boz, and one nr two other horses were each confident that their representative would run the distance under I min. 15 sec., yet they were all beaten in 1 min. 171 sec The wind is now blamed for this; but as Titan came out directly after the New market Handicap had been run, and cantered over the samo course in 1 min. 16| sec., surely some other explanation of the wretched time made in the big liandi- cap must be fouud, 1 have always contended that the time test is notoriously unreliable, and. any system of touting or training with the watch as the sole gauge to success, will, ninety-nine times out of a hundred, prove disastrousto those who follow it; Churchill, by toe way, one winner or cue newmarKec Handicap, was the only horse in whom the believers of tho time test did not be lieve. After Dunkcld bad played 'a few oE his extraordinary freaks at the post, his little programme including au attempt to roll on his rider and B&vagc; the starter, lie got badly away and finished nowhorc to The Charmer, who, although she did not start fin>t favorite, Porrer baring the mount on the little mare, was well backed. This wound up the first day's racing, - the records of the jockeys being — Hales, three wins and a second; Power, O'Brien and Redfearn one victory apiece. 