HER EVIL GENIUS. BY FREDERICK BOYLE. Author of " The Treason of Thorburns." "A Good Hater," "CampNotes," "Legendsof My Bungalow," Ac., Ac. CHAPTER VL SIB FFAIBFAXKOVB8. A week passed without special incident. Sir Fairfax, quite himself again, had resumed former habits, rose early, sat late, and at every hour of the day was pleased to see John Oliver. His curiosity and his interest did not abate, and the artist, on his side, was quite willing to amuse. Whether or' no he understood the shrewd old gentleman's feeling towards him, Hal could not satisfy himself, but apparently he did not resent it. Sir Fairfax drew a distinction quite perceptible between liking for the man and liking to hear him talk; so perciptible, indeed, that a person very much more dull than Oliver might have noticed it. As for Hal, he disliked and distrusted the painter more and more as he learned to understand him better, and kept from the house as much as possible. \- Confidential Perkins took on him to suggest that the heir-apparent should not gad about so much' when events mysteriously undefined were threatening. But, when challenged to explain himself, he would only hint that there was trouble - in the servants' hall, owinjr to i^tanko's goings on,, and. on further .pressure admitted that his. observation was both Billy and impertinent. "I won't take any more notioe of it," TTai said. " But you should ask" Mr. Olivet for a few lessons in the art of backing up a foolish speech by unintelligible atgament." -Perkins deemed to-eatoh at *he name of Oliver; but then he hesitated, shook his head, and withdrew. .The portrait grew _at .every .touch, and so rapidlythat even Hal admired with enthusiasm, though he approved its style no more than that of other doings by the same hand. Sir Fairfax was represented in an attitude quite unconventional, lying back in his chair and mocking at the world with a smile of shrewd benevolenoe. It was not the sort of thing Oliver had designed. "Before studying you, Sir," he frankly explained, " I meditated a grand abstraction— the embodiment of certain phases in your character, whioh dominate it objectively. But you have dragged me by persistent efforts into the subjective, and to a form of that which is, haps, rather a minor than a toy-note, ice yon will quiz the artist, he has no choice but to draw you as you show yourself to him." "I am only too pleased to gain immortality under any form." He artist bowed gravely ; Sir Fairfax continued, '*But if our pleasant warfare is to take this turn recollect that you have furnished me with a most telling rejoinder!" " How is that ? " "Why, I have your own likeness, my young friend, in the disguise of a noble savage. That would be an admirable pendant to mine in the disguise of a cynic." f Oliver laughed, "Remember, Sir, that I havn'fc finished yet. It's within the resources of art to add an expression to your face which would give quite another significance to the portrait of the noble savage which you now regard with contempt." . What expression V You shall see." ."No, for Heaven's sake ! I have the privilege of joking, but nobody is more convinced that you have executed a great work. Don't play tricks with the portrait." What I can do I can undo; bat as you like." He took a clean canvas, and with a few rapid strokes in charcoal reproduced the features and the expression of. the portrait; but with a o difference. The sarcastic mockery was exaggerated to a painful affectation, the half-closed eyes started in fear; the smile was strained to a .grimace. "Oh, you are a genius !" Sir Fairfax vehemently cried. "So a man . would look if a gtyxst rose before him whilst he was laughing at A ghost story. I am lost in admiration and amazement!" - " Let me suggest the savage playing t ghost:" As quickly he outlined a face awful in terror w and contempt,; but it was frankly a likeness 1 of the artist this time. d " Your fun is terrible, Oliver. See, Blanch w is quite overcome!" es ' Such skill is almost frightening," she said. "Such fancy, you mean, Miss Plowden," he 1 1, laying down the canvas carefully. I is but a small matter." d ' You are going to keep those sketches ?" o 'I want to study them. The first, in a oial, is a valuable commentary on Miss o a rden's remark and mine. I have not dR4ttaI the mere skill to draw such a difficult bit of expression. Upon demand I could not have done it. Your joke stirred powers or impulses beyond ability. I know no better than you, Sir, what they are, nor by what means my hand obeyed their call. I want to analyse that sketch. It is an instance of the degree to which we may be raised above our natural power by,strong emotion." w "Dear'me!" said Sir Fairfax, "I do not tDi recollect anything to move you so powerfully." " What, Sir ? Is a compliment from you nothing So the matter passed, but for several days the old gentleman was more considerate in his manner of "drawing out" John Oliver. Various magnates of the neighbourhood called to congratulate Sir Fairfax, or to admire Blanch, or to see Henry Garbel. It was a great relief "to him when they accepted an invitation to dinner, interrupting the exchange of cynic wit, reducing Oliver to monosyllables, and driving him from the room as often and as early as he could eet away. The servants did not think it their duty to mention that when he fled the company—for artistic meditation, as was understood—he commonly took tea with Blanch in the drawing-room. The gentlemen found him there. Hal's slight suspicion of jealousy had quite vanished. So the time went by, untif Sunday came round when it was the habit of Sir Fairfax to meditate, or something, in the library. He had never thought needful to explain why that day and that hour should be devoted to reflectioh, but everybody understood that he must not be disturbed unless for the gravest reason. Therefore, when Smithers, the butler, tapped on "the Sunday afternoon following these events his master roused himself to hear important news. " I beg your pardon, Sir Fairfax," said he, "Trat an accident has happened." "Well?" "I have sent for the doctor, Sir Fairfax. Mr. Stanko has nearly killed him." • " He would if he began, I've no doubt, whoever it was. But your story is neither intelligible nor interesting BO far, Smithers." The -baronet was quite calm. • " It was ahout Miss Bertha, Sir Fairfax. He has been keeping company with her for a twelvemonth. "Dr. Smith has? Bless me!" "No, Poole. But since Mr. Stanko came "What on earth is this muddle? Who is nearly killed ?" "Poole, Sir Fairfax, the second footman. There's been trouble brewing ever since Mr. Stanko entered the house. I don't think that foreign gentleman is honest." " With reference to the plate ?" MI don't know about that ; but I'm sure he's not a man that means any good to a young woman." " It is painfully possible. I begin to catch a glimpse of your meaning. Avoid reflections and come to the accident. " Well, Sir Fairfax, Ppole has been used to take Miss Bertha to the Roman Catholic Chapel—with your permission, if you remember, Sir Fairfax ?" • " I remember that some one asked me to give him leave of absence at lunch on Sunday. I don't think any reason was mentioned." ' "Miss Blanch herself spoke to you. Sir Fairfax. This morning Poole asked Miss Bertha whether she meant to go. She said she did, and nothing else—I heard them myself. So-after breakfast he waited for her, but she didn't come; and presently one of the housemuds told him that Bhe'd seen Miss Bertha and Mr. Stanko set off together. Poole was very rough, but I told him not to make himself a bigger fool than the young woman had made him,-and kept the lad in." " Very prudent and proper," murmured Sir Fairfax. "But he gave me the slip an hour ago—" " When you were napping, Smithers ? Don't deny it." "I don't deny it, Sir Fairfax," replied the old butler, significantly; but, startled by his own boldness, he went on quicker—"Poole ran down the avenue, and met them returning just by the lodge. I couldn't say what passed exactly, but that Stanko he catched Poole by the throat and near shook him to pieces. Williams ran out of the lodge, and he's a big man, but it took him and his wife and Miss Bertha all they knew to make the foreigner leave hold. He clung like a bulldog, Williams savn." " But Poole is alive, and no bones broken." "Not that I know of, Sir Fairfax." 4 1 Then what do you mean by bringing this disreputable story to me?" cried Sir Fairfax, with temper. Smithers was surprised. " If it had been a fair fight I shouldn t have presumed to disturb you, Sir Fairfax, beyond mentioning it when you came down to dinner. But Poole isn't a man to stand this sort of thing, and there'd be murder in the house presently." "You told me just now that he's nearly dead. Don't talk contradictory nonsense, at least. As for murder, well hear what Smith s: ys. If the fool can be moved he goes to-night." (To be continued.) 