GII'rSLANIIiinNK'II'AI. ... .Assooirrws. MEETING ,IN WA.RRA.GUL. PROPOSER- AGRICULTURAL COL LEGES FOR GIPPSLAND. EHE SURVEY BLUNDERS. SUGGESTED LIFE MEMBERSHIP. A meeting s>l- the executive committee of the Gippsland Municipal Association was held at'the Railway Hotel, Warragul, on Wednesday, find was attended by the following delegates, representing the shires named :: — President of the-. Association, Cr. Drew Borough of Sale), Cr. Latham (Shire of Avon), Cr. Dreverman (Sliire of Bairnsdale).' Cr. Barr (Shire of Buln Bulu), Cr. Linffiu (Sliire of Madia), Cr. Geack (Shire of Narracan). Cr. Marget (Shire . of Omeo), Cr. Stirling (Shire of Tambo), Cr.'Bodycouib (Sliire of Traral- gon), Cr. Witton (Shire of \Yarragul), Cr. Smith Sliire of AVoorayl), and Mr. James Campbell, secretary (Tramlgon). president's address. In opening the proceedings the- Presi dent said he did not think they -could have met under more favorable auspices. Un fortunately, however, owing to the action of their late secretary w they had no report of their past bosiness to present, and no balance sheet, to lay before the meeting.. They. i»»d applied to the late secretary some fire. or six time" for fliem, but lie Jiad not yet acceded to their request and therefore it was somewhat difficult to say exactly -liow they- stood. He, however, felt that there wiis-a bright future ahead for them, and he was sure tliey could have every confidence "in their present- secretary. (Hoar. liear.) He could not say that lie wns satisfied with what, the Association had Jgnq hi the past as tliev had brought m alters forward but had not followed thein up and, consequently they had never been given. -effect to. Now, however, they were starting afresh, as it were, and he trusted that they would do better in the days to come. "'(Applause.) apologies. Cr. Witton apologised for the absence of President Armstrong' who was away from home, on account of a domestic be reavement, and letters expressing regret a), their inability to lie present were read from- the Presidents of the Rosedale and Tambo Shires. ."'"'.THE LATE SECRETARY. . Commenting on the fact that the . late secretary-had not given -up -the books and dDcuments-of tke Association as requested Cr. Witton asked if an important repre sentative body like the Gippsland Muni cipal Association1 was to be set at" defiance ill this way and quietly sit- down and bear it. " "He resented such treatment as this and intimated that at- a later stage . he would move a resolution in the matter. .Cr. Geach remarked that the late secre tary ha.d been -pressed with business in connection with liis department and that apparently had been his excuse for not complying with the Association's request. Cr. Witton, however, maintained that he -had been written to several times, and reiterated 'his determination .to move a resolution later -on. COUNCILLORS AS WITNESSES. Cr. Geach in moving " That provision be made in the new L<>cal Government Act "for the rendering competent of all shire councillors to witness legal forms and documents, and to perform duties relating to justices of the peace, excepting in the dispensation of justice,". mentioned that the question was adjourned from the last meeting, and said he could not aee where any possible objection to it could come in; Where - it would act it. would find its own level, and where it was hot wanted it would not be availed of. He knew that much inconvenience had been caused in the back country owing to the settler being unable to come across a mail who was recognised by the State as a competent person to witness a signature. The adoption of his proposal, therefore, ' would confer a great con venience on the selectors of Gippsland, and-Beeing that shire councillors were, as a rule, a reputable body of men (hear, hear, :and' laughter) he saw no reason why they motion" should not be carried into effect. (Hear, hear). Cr. Bodycomb suggested that the mover should strike »nt all the words after "documents." He would then support the , proposal as he could see 110 objection to it when they considered that constables nnd school teachers were already legally qualified to act as witnesses. Or. Geach having consented to this alteration, Cr. Stirling supported the motion, ob serving that it would be a great con venience to those'liviiig in outlying dis tricts. Cr. Witton also thought that greater facilities should be provided in this direction for settlers in outlying portions of districts.. He knew from personal experience that applicants for land and others were placed at great inconvenience through having to travel long distances to get the signature of a Justice of the Peace, although the document might be of very little importance. (Hear, hear.) It was simply a ridiculous position to place those men in, (Hear, hear.) And till the 'motion proposed to do was to place Shire Councillors in a similar posi tion to that at present occupied by school masters, bank clerks, and postmasters. (Hear; hear.) He could not have agreed to the proposal as it originally stood, but in its 'altered forin be bad much ple.-isurc to awpporfcitiR it- and liopod it would l>e agreed to. (Hear, bear.) "Crs. Linton, Latham, Marget, .Smith, and Alio President also supported it briefly, end the motion wns then unani mously carried. SHIRE ASSESSMENT. Cr. Geach, in moving another adjourned resolution to thecffect — "That a differential basis be adopted for Sliire Assessments as follows ; — (1st) That for all resident or progressive improvement estates, the basis should be 5 per cent on the natural value of the land ; nnd(2iid)tliatalliion-resideiit or non-progressive lands be assessed on a yl per cent valuation," said . the first question for consideration in the matter was as to whether it was advisable to disturb the apparent uniformity which existed in the Local Government Act. At present there was uniformity— the idea of taxation was 5 percent all round alike, but he thought there wore grounds for de parting from an all round sameness in the administration of the Act. A man ought not to be taxed unduly high. At present, however, the more a man did in the im provement of his laud the more his rates increased. It was most inequitable that those who opened up and developed the country should also have to pay the major half of taxation. He would further make the method he proposed optional, so that those shires which wished to adopt tins style of taxation could do so, and those whkh did not could keep to the old lines. Some objection bad been taken to the motion on the ground that it was difficult to estimate the natural value of the laud, but he felt that very little difficulty would arise on this account. Another objection Taisod.tfie question as to ivho was to decide , what -was progressive and what was iiour jtrogressive land. The present Local Government Act-, however, he believed, provided- a. court ofappeal for ratepayers who maintained tliat they were rated toil high and lie thought that the question of progressive or utm-progressive land might be >ery safely left to such a court to de cide. The point, however, which he wished more particularly to press home was the manifest injustice <>f the principle of heavily taxing a man because he was industrious and improved his land, where as the man who did nothing to his land whatever was let off scott free. To illus trate his moaning lie mentioned that he and his neighbor wore originally rated at. £32, but bis rates had now been raised to . £70 simply because he had improved his land. It was this which struck the nite- paycrsas being so unjust ; and the opinions of councillors being but the reflex of the opinions of ratepayers, the Narracan Shire Council fell strongly that some such amendment of the Local Government Act as lie had .indicated in the motiou was imperatively necessary. Cr. Stirling remarked that there was also a movement in another direction in asmuch as it was colli ended that this 5 per cent valuation bore too heavily" on grazing lauds, and the fanners wished to reduce it. Another reason for oppos ing it was that in the western districts tile <5 per cent capital value was ascending in many cases, and lie knew there was a strong feeling in favor of reducing this value On the other liaml it would act oppressively on settlers in the eastern portion of Gippsland because there wore many there who had laud and who could not- afford to improve it to the' same extent as Cr. Gonch could his. They did their best, "but that, might he very little in comparison with others, and if they put- 74 per cent on (he man who could not improve his land" they were doing him a great injustice. (Hear, hear.) Cr. Barr opposed the motion on similar grounds to Cr. Stirling ami added that it would simply mean making these men forfeit their selections. Cr. Dreverman was totally opposed to it. Cr. Bodycomb also opposed it, remark ing that the matter had been so well de bated in Parliament that lie thought they had better leave it alone. Cr. Smith having also briefly opposed it, Cr. Witton said that- judging by the views expressed by previous speakers there was not a ghost of a chance of the motion being carried, but he thought it would be possible to give councils the power of increasing the rate to 74 per cent'., or even higher, on certain lands within their sliire boundaries. This would enable councils to get at those' absentee landlords concerning whom Cr. Geach had bet rayed such anxiety of inind. (Hear, hear.) There, was no doubt there were many absentee landlords who did nothing towards improving their lands. (Hear, hear.) They had cases in the shire he represented in which owners so neglected their laud that it was left encumbered with scrub which harbored dingoes and wallabies to the injury of their neighbors. If they could get' at these men and compel them either to improve their land or sell it to others who would, considerable benefit would accrue therefrom to the community ill general, and lie thought that Cr. Geach would have commanded more sympathy had lie drafted his jmotion on these line's. (Hear, hear). Cr. Geacli, in reply, still maintained that tliey might adopt the motion as an ' alternative scheme — that those shires who wished could take advantage of it, and those which did not so wish could leave it alone. Eventually, however, in deference to ihe general feeling of the meeting, Cr. Geach withdrew the motion, having pre viously reiterated his belief that the scrub country would have it yet. A MOTION STRUCK OUT. The following motiou was down on the business paper from the Sliire of Rose-' dale: — "That provision be made in the new Local Government Act to pay all shires at the raie of £2 to £1, and that the various shires interested be asked to urge upon tho Government the necessity of including this in the new act:"- The President, however, read a' letter from the President, of the Rosedale Sliire asking that the motion might be post poned, as he was unable to attend. Cr. Witton remarked that certain shires had sent delegates to the meeting to oppose the motion — some having come from a distance — and lie therefore thought it would bo unfair to postpone it. It was thereupon resolved to strike the motion out altogether. PKOrOSED AGRICULTURAL COLLEGES FOR liilT.SLAM). Cr. Smith moved — " That in the opinion of this Association it is desirable that ail Agricultural College should be estab lished in South Gippsland. And that the Association shall take such steps as may be considered most expedient for secur ing the establishment of such a college." He thought it was very desirable that a college of this character should lie estab lished somewhere ill Gippsland, more especially as, agriculturally speaking, they were a young community, and if they could get successfully started at (he outset the probabilities were that tliey would ' become successful farmers, but if they continued to proceed on the present slip-shod lines they would get into a system which it would not be easy to eradicate. There were a number- of young men in this district who would like to learn 1,1 1 e art- of farming. They might not be in a position to take farms of tlieir own, but the education they might receive at small cost at one of these institutions would render them qualified to accept overseeing or management of farms throughout- the district- and manage them in a payable maimer. (Hear, hear.) Cr. Barr, in seconding the motion, re marked that Gippsland was entitled to sucll a college. Cr. Dreverman thought they should not merely ask for one, butforscvoral colleges. He therefore suggested that the mover should amend his motion so that it should read " that Agricultural Colleges should be established in Gippsland " etc. Cr. Bodycomb observed that lie believed the Government already intended to esta blish a college of this kind in Gippsland and that tliey had already reserved a space for the purpose within the boundary or tlie sin re ot i raralgoii. Cr. Barr urged that the alteration sug gested by Cr. Dreveniiau be made. Cr. Smith having consented to the alteration, Cr. Geach said it was not so much a matter of locality or position as of the nature of the things taught, in the college, j Colleges as at present carried oir were not ! in keeping with their requirements — tliey wanted colleges to teach people how to cut scrub properly and make fencing. Cr. Marget did not think tliey required colleges to teach people bow to cut scrub — the best teaching they could havejn this direction was for people to go axe in liaud and stick to the work" for a little time He supported tlic motion in its amended i-forui. Cr. Linton having jilso spoken briefly ill favor of thcmotioiiyit was unanimously agreed to. l'FTITION'S FOR ANNEXATION. Cr. Siiiitli , proposed—" Unit ' in the opiniou of this Association it is desirable that the Local Government Act 1874 should be amended in such a manner as to require that , every ; petition .for the annexation of any district- to a municipal district shall be under the common seal of the municipality to which annexation is sought." Cr. Geacli seconded the motion pro Jormu, so that it might be discussed, and proceeded to oppose it on the ground that tlie council lie represented were of opinion that- the effect of such a motion would be to over-ride the voice of the \- ratepayers. The- motion was put without further discussion ami lost, the proposer alone voting for it. . THE SURVEY QUESTION. Cr.Geacli, ill moving—" That tlie present unsatisfactory arrangements existing ill the Lands Department., in tlie matter of tlie survey and transfer of roads, be con sidered, and the adoption of the best means calculated to remove from iiiuiiicir. palities the burden of compensation for same," said tjiis was a question upon which the Narracan Shire felt very strongly, ami in instancing one of the circumstances which impelled them to this course lie re marked that, although tlieir rates in tlie West Riding (his year only amounted to £550 they had had to jiay no less than £850 for compensation on roads and surveys, so that if they lost their 3 to 1 subsidy 1 his year they could easily see which court they would drift into. He spoke of the indifferent manner in which the surveys had been conducted by the Government, Viiul of the expense which shires had been put to" in consequence, and held that' t-hcy should make it. manifest to the Minister of Lauds that if any re duction was made in the subsidy certain sliires would not be able to carry on at all. Cr. Bodycomb having seconded the resolution, it was agreed to. Ci'. Geach. tjhen moved "That ill the opinion of this Association it is desirable in the interests of Local Government that the Laud and Survey Department should undertake a rc-siu-vev of all necessary roads and make good provision for com pensation of same." C'". Bodycomb seconded the motion, remarking that his shire had suffered great incdnveiiiciice from the existing state of things. " Cr. Stirling having supported the motion, Cr. Witton suggested that the motion should. he made to read "re-survey and. tlie necessary deviation of roads where re quired." Cr: Marget remarked that even with the "J to 1 subsidy his council could hardly pay their way on account of having to remedy the defects' of the Lauds Depart ment. Cr. Siiiitli spoke in favor of the motion. Cr. Witton remarked that this was a question in which local sliires in the broken country felt very sore upon. They had been put to great inconvenience and loss through the stupidity and ignorance of tlie surveyors ill the early days, whose mode of operation seemed to have been simply to take a straigt line for' tlie spot where -tliev wanted to reach-. They did not care if it went over mountain, hollow- or creek, tlieir object simply being to get to their destination in tlie shortest possible time.' Tlie work was done on the contract system and being carried out in such a blundering fashion it had resulted in serious: loss and great inconvenience to various shires. (Hear, hear.) They had been put to great expense in making re- surveys and also in the matter of purchase of land because they had not, only had to purchase the land when opening new roads but had had to pay forfencingand keeping the fences in order for a period of three years, and had also had to pay a consider able amount in iiianycasesforeoiiipcnsatiou to owners for severance — in fact the pro prietors seemed to look upon shire councils as a sort of milch cow to be milked at any time for their especial benefit. (Hoar, bear and laughter.) He thought that- the Association should take the matter up in an unanimous spirit so tliat when the -question was brought before the proper authorities ituiightlic supported by all the weight and authority the Association possessed. (Hear, hear.) lie cited a case in which it had taken the council lie re presented three years to force their way through a certain man's land, and sai-l he simply mentioned it as an instance of tho expense and inconvenience they were put to through the blundering of tho early surveyors. (Hear, hear.) The 1 're.shlent then read the resolution as originally proposed, whereupon Cr. Witton pointed out that the modifi cation he had suggested had not been made in it. They noL only wanted a re- survcy, but that the Government should also make all necessary deviations and alterations. The motion was then altered and the secretary read it as follows: — "That in the opinion of this association all surveys and deviations of roads rendered neces sary by former unsatisfactory surveys anil all costs of making the necessary altera tions ho made and. paid for by the Government." In this form it was unanimously adopted. the 3 to 1 sl'llsidy. Cr. Witton asked if it would be in order for any delegate to move a resolu tion to tlie effect that the Association decidedly disapproves of any alteration with regard to the 3 to 1 subsidy as far as the Ginnslaiid Sliires were concerned. The President replied that it was the intention of the Rosedale sliire delegates to bring the question forward at a sub sequent meeting, and it had already been decided to let the matter stand adjourned. an influential deputation. The President moved "Thata deputation from tlie Gippsland Municipal Association consisting of a representative councillor from catcli municipality, together with the secretary of the Association, and all members of both Houses of Parliament representing Gippsland constituencies, wait upon the several ministers interested and urge the carrying out of the several matters agreed to by the meeting this day." He repeated that be was not satis fied with what the Association had done hitherto, but he felt that what tliev had done that day would commence a new era in tlieir existence. (Hear, hoar.) Cr. Smith having seconded'1 the motion, it was at once .agreed to. AN IMPORTANT SUGGESTION". Cr. Geacli moved " That with a view to securing continuity in this Association it is desirable that rule 9 be amended to provide that it shall be subject to rule 14. That all members of this Association upon ccasiiig to be delegates of tlieir respective councils shall continue tlieir connection officio, to have the right to initiate or continue a discussion but ineligible to vote, providing such subject sliallliave emanated from a sliire in the usual form." He pro- ceeded atleugth to explain the object, lie had ill view In moving the resolution, the purport of his remarks being that he de sired existing delegates to have the advice and assistance of previous representatives whose experience, would often prove, of value in the consideration of questions about which existing delegates might nut be so well informed. Cr. Witton remarked that this meant once a member, always a member. Cr. Geach replied that that was what he meant. Cr. Witton thought that if the motion was modified so as to fix the term of membership at three years or during the time that the representative was a mem ber of his Sliire Council, something might come of it. Cr. Latham thought that notice of motion shnuld be given of so important a question. The President concurred, and pointed" out that it was a matter which affected the constitution of tlie Association and <iuglit;iiot to be dealt with in an off-hand way. vHe sympathised with Cr. Guach's object and said that the proper course for liiiu to pursue was to get his council to give notice of tlie motion anil instruct- its representative to bring it forward at the next 'meeting of the Association: Cr. Witton suggested to Cr. Geach that he should at the same time include in his motion the desirability of providing for -increased representation of various shires .-it the .meetings of the Association. He thought the .number should be increased from one to two, or in the case of a sliire being unable to send more than one representative, that that representative should have two votes. . The Secretary remarked that in the Municipal Association of Victoria one sliire had one vote. The President urged Cr. Witton to get his council to send in a motiou of tlie nature lie had indicated, as he felt it to be a step ill the right direction. the late secretary again. Cr. Witton,- in acting on his expressed intention at. the outset, asked if the present, secretary had received the books and other things from the late Secretary. The Moeretary replied that his prede cessor had said he would hand over the books, but he had tint yet done so. He, however, thought, he would no doubt do so, and suggested that the matter he allowed to rest where it was for the present. Cr. Witton, however, maintained that it was the duty of (lie late secretary to hand over the books and documents ill his possession. Having failed to do so, he had caused tho Association great inconvenience, for they did not know which sliires had paid and which had iiot. He therefore moved that the late secretary be asked to hand over the books and documents. This was seconded and agreed to with out further comment. tiif. next meeting. It was arranged that Ihe next, meeting should take place at Stratford, in the Avon Shire, on or about the 1st of Sep tember. This concluded the business. An ad journment was then made for dinner Which was served in tho dining hall, the company being joined by Crs. P. .1. Smith, Aflleck, an.l Connor. In the course of the speech-making which fol lowed, The President., in proposing the health of tlie Warragul Sliire Council expressed the thanks of the delegates for the manner in which t-hoy hail been entertained, and called upon Cr. Witton, in the absence of Cr. Armstrong, to respond. Cr. Wit-ton, jn repiy, remarked that t-lie people of the Warragul Sliire were exceedingly pleased to welcome the dele gates to the town, and in referring to the Association itself, saiil. it had done good work in the past, but lie believed that its usefulness was only just' commencing, and that in the future it- would be a much better Association that it was at the present- time. (Cheers). Cr. P. J. Smith, in submitting the toast of tho Municl|>a! Association of Victoria, sketched the history of tlie Association, and went on to say that, he thought it was a very good thing indeed that the Association had been formed, and lie -also thought the fact that the Association hail -held its last- meeting at Warragul would .prove advantageous to the town and . the district of West Gippsland. (Cheers.) Some of them could remember tlie time when tlie site whereon the township was built was an i in penetrable scrub — a time when, not one of the buildings which" t i-ilay constituted the -town was in existence (hear, hear) and when the railway was only beginning, to be made through,, it. (Hear, hear.) And it was a verj' gratifying circumstance, to reflect that they had made such rapid- strides, and had developed the country to such tin extent a's'to justify them in inviting the Municipal Association of Gippsland to hold their meeting in tlieir district-. (Cheers.) lie considered that what they were doing at present was only just, sufficient to keep the Association together, and ho contended that tho main tiling for them to do was to remain united and to take care, by calling them selves together at proper intervals, to keep the Association alive and active, (Cheers), This portion of the proceedings then terminated and subsequently the company went for a drive to Brandy Creek and round about to en able the visitors to form some idea of the nature of the country in this pail of the colony. The conveyances were kindly lent by Cr. Aflleck anil Mr. Love. It is sometimes pleasant tobeanM.L. A. oranM.L.C. And soinctimes it isn't. Within the range of the former must be enumerated the general invitation tendered to the members of both branches of the Legislature, to visit the irrigation colony of Mildura, the invite having been received from the President of the new sliire and the directors of Chaffey Bros., Limited. Arrangements have been made by which the parties will leave Melbourne by special train next Monday evening for Adelaide, whence tliey will proceed to Mildura rin Morgan. This route has been decided upon in consequence of tlie depth of water iu the .Murray ltivcr not being suflicient to enable a boat to go from Swan Hill to Mildura. The members of the South Australian Government have also been invited, and if time permit a visit will be paid to the irrigation colony at Reiunark. The Victorian visitors will return to' Mel bourne after an absence of 13 days. A very nice little outing ! An action, of considerable importance to Shire Councils, wns argued before the Full Court on Monday, when Elizabeth Picken, administratrix of tlie estate of W. H. Picken, a farmer, sued the Mount Alexander Shire Council for damages on account of the death of licr husband, who had fallen with liis liorse over" an embank ment- that the defendants had lieglefcted to keep properly fenced. Tlie jury foun'd in plaintiff's favor for £660. 