in Ocean Tragedy. Br W. CLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER XX VL TVILFEID's DELU8ION Ix was pleasant to learn next morning that the breeze which had been dipping os nimbly through it since we had trimmed ral for oar homeward-bound run had not only blown steadily all night, giving ns an average of some seven knots an. hour, but bad gathered a little in crease of weight at sunrise, bo that I awoke to as much life in the vessel in the resonant humming from aloft, the quick wash and eager seething of recoil ing seas, the straining noises of strong fastenings to the sloping of the spars as though the north-east trades were pour ing full upon thestarboard bow and "we were buzzing through the cool Atlantic parallels within a distance of soundings that would render talk about Southampton «nd arriving home reasonable. For my part ever since we bad pene trated these "doldrums," as they are called, I was dreading the long dead calms of Hie frizzling belt where a catspaw is hailed in God's name and where the j roasting eye of the sun sucks out the, very blue of the atmosphere till the' heavens go down in a brassy dazzle to the ocean confines as though one were shut up in a huge, burnished bell with a white-hot clapper for light. My spirits were good as I sprang out of my bunk and made for the bath-room. It was not only that the fresh wind whistling hot through the open scuttle of my berth caused me to think of home as lying at last fairly over the bow instead of over the stem as it bad been for weeks ; the object of this trip, such as it was, hadbeen achieved $ there was nothing more to keep a look-out for,; nothing more to hold] one's expectations tautened to cracking \ point. Everything that "was material had happened on the preceding morning, and Hie toss of the colonel's body lagjb night over the gangway by lantern light with Lady Monson looking on was like the drop of the black curtain : it was the end 1 of the tragedy ; the orchestra had filed i out, the lights were extinguished, and we could now pass into heaven's invigorating1 air and live again the old' easy life of commonplaces. ; So ran my thoughts as I emerged from my berth with a very good appetite and made my way to the sparkling breakfast table. ,lseated myself on a couch wait- j ing for Wilfrid and Miss Laura; the stewards hung about ready to serve the ineaL I called the head one to me and faid, "Is there any chance of Lady Mon «on joining us at table, do you know 1" I think not, sir," he answered. " Who attends to her—I mean as re gards her meals ? " "Miss Jennings' maid, sir. She told me this -morning her ladyships's orders are. that a seperate tray should be pre pared for her for breakfast, lunch and dinner. ,Her breakfast was taken, to her about ten minutes ago." " So I may presume," said I, *' that she finds herself pretty well this morning? And my cousin, steward ? " "I was to tell you, sir," he answered, "that Sir Wilfrid will not come to table." "Howishe?" ! ".He didn't complain, sir; just said "Fll breakfast in my cabin (Ms morn ing!" "All riglit," said J, and the man retired. There \ras nothing unusual in Wilfrid breakfasting in bis cabin. I was glad to hear that he did not complain; as a rale he was very candid if in suffering; owned ?redy to .whatever troubled him, however nifling, and made much of it. In a few minutes Miss Laura came from her berth. Her face had the delicacy of look that in her at all events I took to express a troubled or sleepless night. Her eyelids were a little heavy; her lips wanted their dewy freshness of hae. Tet no woman, I thought, could ever show sweeter than she as she advanced and took my hand smiling up at me and subtly incensing the atmos phere with a flower-like fragrance that had nothing whatever to do with the scent bottle. I told her that Wilfrid would not breakfast with us and we seated ourselves. " He is well, I hope ? " "Oh, I should think so, if I may judge from what the steward tells me. I'll look in upon him after breakfast. Have you seen Lady Monson this morn ing?" " No," she answered, " Isent my maid with a message and the reply was that Lady Monson wishes to be alone." "Now, Miss Jennings," said I gently butwitli some emphasis, "you must let nothing that Lady Monson does vex you. You have done your duty; she is on board this yacht; I shall grow fretful if I think you intend to waste a single breath of the sweetness of your heart upon the acid air of Madam Henrietta's desert nature. I dare say you have scarcely closed your eyes all night through think ing about her." "About her and other things." ""Why tease yourself? A sister is a sister only so long as she chooses to act and feel as one. It is indeed a tender word—a sweet relationship. But if a ■woman coolly cuts all family ties—" She shook her head, smiling. "Your views axe too hard, Mr. Monson. You would aigne of a sister as you "would of a wife. We must bear with the shame, the \- degradation, the "wickedness of those ire have loved, of those ire stall love spite of bitter repulse. There is no one, I am sure, would dare kneel-down in prayer if it was believed that God's mercy de pended upon our own actions. All of us would feel cut off." Not all, I thought, looking at her, but sat fcilent awhile, feeling rebuked. I -was a young mail then; I can turn back now, scarred as X am by many years of life's warfare, and see that I was hard, too hard in those thoughtl«!£& days of mine ; that knowing little or nothing of suffering myself, I knew little or nothing of the deep and wondrous vitality of human sympathy. You find many corridors in human nature when you enter, but sympathy is the only way in; and to miss that door is merely to go on walking round the edifice. 1 ate for a little in silence, aad then said, "I suppose, as you have seen almost nothing of your sister, you are unable to form an opinion of her state of mind ? " "She is naturally of a cold nature," die answered; *v dispositions such as hers, 1 think, do not greatly vary, let ■wi.at 'will happen to them. Though one knows not what passion, feeling, emotion may have its fangs buried in such hearts, yet suffering has to pagi, through too tnany wraps to find expression," J smiled. "Yes," said"!, "I know *-'aa.t you mean. She is like a person.-who \- $es bontd in half-a-dozen coffins; a shell, then lead then oak, and so on. Nothing but the last trumpet could influence the ashes inBide." "But why did you ask that question, Mr. Monson 9 " "Well," said I, "you know that we br*ied the colonel last night 2 " She started. " I did not know!" she exclaimed. "Yes," I continued. "We slung a couple of lanterns, and Finn read the service. Just before the body was launched your sister arrived, rising like a ghost amongst us." She looked greatly shocked. "Was Henrietta really present? " she exclaimed. " How could she have known—what could the men hare thought of her? What madness of bad taste!" "The forefinger follows the thumb," said I, " and when you come to the little finger you must begin again. All's one with some people when they make a start. Am I too hard cn human nature in saying this?" But she merely exclaimed, as though to herself, " How could she be present ? How could she be present ? " " Well, now, mark what follows, Miss Jennings," said I; " when the body had vanished, your sister walked right aft, kneeled upon the grating, and in that posture of- supplication continued to watch the dark waters for upwards of ten minutes. Meanwhile I was gazing at her from the gangway, where I stood in the dusk fidgeting exceedingly. For what was in my mind ? Suppose she should fling herself overboard! " Her violet eyes rested thoughtfully upon my face. " I should not have been afraid," she exclaimed with a faint touch of scorn which made wonderfully sapid her voice that was low and colourless. " Of course you know your own sister," said I. " Finn took your view. I men tioned my misgiving, and his long head waggled most prosaically in the moon light." "Women "who behave as my sister has, Mr. Monson," she exclaimed, with the gravity of a young philosopher, " are toe selfish, too cowardly, too much in love with themselves and with life to act as you seem to fear my sister might. They may go mad, and then, to be sure, there is an end of all reasoning about them; but whilst they have their senses they may be trusted so far as they themselves are concerned. In perfectly sane people many noble qualities go to impulses or resolu tions which are deemed rash and impious by persons who falter over the mere telling of such deeds. My sister has not a single noble quality in her. She may poison the lives of others, but she will be extremely careful to preserve her own." "Now if I had said that—" said I. "Oh," she answered, with the little colour that had come into her cheeks fading out of them, "I will never reproach you for telling the truth." After breakfast I went to "Wilfrid's cabin, and found him up and dressed, | sitting in an easy-chair, reading his diary, which I took the book to be. He held tile volume close to his face ; his legs were crossed, Ms feet inslippers, Ms right-hand grasped' his "Kg meerschaum pipe, which was filled with yellow tobacco not yet lighted. The cabin window was open, and the draperies of the handsome little apart ment stirred to the pouring of the rich, hot, ocean breeze through the orifice. ■" Tou look vastly comfortable, Wllf," said I. " Glad to find you well. But it must be a bit dull here though V " Not at all," said he, putting down the book and lighting his pipe. "Sit and smoke with me." "Why not on deck?" I answered, sit ting nevertheless. A "wide view in hot weather takes the place of a cool atmos phere. The sight is sensible of the heat as well as other organs. It may be cooler down here in reality than it is nnder the awning above, but these cribbed and coffined bulkheads make it very hot to the eye spite of that pleasant gushing of wind there." He quietly sucked at his pipe, looking at me through the wreaths of tobacco smoke which went up from his bowL I lighted a cigar, furtively observing his face as I did so. He was pale ; there was nothing novel in that, but I noticed an expression of anxiety in his eyes that was new to me; a look of sane concern as though some difficulty novel and sur prising, yet not of a character to strike deep, had befallen him. I glanced at the breakfast tray that was upon the table near which he was seated and easily guessed by what remained that he had made a good meaL His manner was quiet, even subdued ; no symptoms of the old jerkiness, of the odd probing gestures of head with a thrust of his mind, as it were, into one's face as if his intellect were as short-sighted as his eyes. He was airily clothed in white, a coloured shirt wide open at the collar, and a small silk cap of a jockey pattern was perched upon Mb head. "Has Finn removed the five-guinea piece from the mainmast ? " said he. " I don't know, Wilf." "I must send word to him to take charge of it, and to tell the men that the money will be distributed among them on our arrival. I shall be glad to get home," " And so shall I, upon my word." " The ceaseless motion of the sea," he continued, talking quietly and with a more sensible look in his face than I had witnessed in him since the hour of our I start, " grows so <3isteactingly monotonous j after a time, that I can readily believe it' affects weak heads. This trip has about exhausted my love of seafaring. I sTia.ll sell the Bride. I nodded. " How long should the run home occupy us 2 " lie asked. " Let us call it a month, or five weeks at the outside, for everybody's sake," I answered. Be smoked for a minute in silence with a thoughtful face and then, said, " Five weeks in one's cabin is a long imprison ment." 1 imagined he referred to his wife, and that he was feeling his way in this round about fashion to talk about her. " There is no necessity to be imprisoned for five weeks," said I. "Your yacht is not an ocean liner full of passengers whose stares and whispers might indeed prove embar rassing. So far as 1 am concerned 1 am quite willing to promise very honestly never even to look. Miss Jennings is all tenderness and sweetness and sympathy ; there could be nothing to found a plea for seclusion upon in her presence. As to the sailors," I continued, noticing without comprehending an air of bewilderment that was growing upon his face as 1 talked, " Jack meets with so many astonishments in his vocation that suiprise and curiosity are almoBt lost arts :with him. The crew mil take one long thirsty stare ; then turn their quids and give what passes aft no further heed whatever." "Idon't follow you," he exclaimed, posing his pipe, with his eyes intently j fixed on,'/me: "what ase you talking] about?" " You were speajong of the tediousness of a five weeks' imprisonment! " I " Quite right," said he, " and tedious it is if it's to last five weeks." " But, my dear Wilfrid, I -was endea vouring to point out that the imprison ment to which you refer is unnecessaiy ; in fact, after last night—" But here I suddenly bit my lip to the perception that it would be rash and unwise on my part to let him know that his wife had been present at Colonel Hope-Kennedy's burial. " What I mean is," I continued, talking rapidly, "if it's a mere question of sen sitiveness or pride recoiling from obser vation, why not imitate the great Mokanna: "O'er Ms features hung: The Veil, the Silver Veil which he had flung In mercy there to hide from human eight brow till men could bear its light/' Tti our case we have no dazzling brow and | consequently require no silver veils ; but in Miss Laura's wardrobe there should be—" He was now gaping at me, and cried . out, "Tour brain wanders this morning, ; Charles. Do you mean that I should go veiled ? " " You! " I exclaimed ; " certainly not. j I am not talking of you." " But I am talking of myself, though," he cried. I looked at Mm with amazement. "You do not mean to e&y; that you intend to im prison yourself in this cabin till we get home?" He shook his head. "I don't imprison myself,"heanswered, ''I am imprisoned." " By whom, pray 1" " Can't you see ?" I ran my eyes round the cabin. "No, 110 " he shouted, "look at me. Don't you perceive that I can't get out ? How am I to pass through that door ? " "How are you to pass through that door ? " I exclaimed, " why, by walking through it, of course. How else ?" " Ay, and that's just what I can't do," said he, with a melancholy shake of the head. "But why not, Wilfrid?" I cried, scarcely yet understanding how it was with. him. "Because," he answered, petulantly, looking down himself, then at liis arms and legs, " I am too big." I perceived now what had come to him, and felt so dismayed, so grieved, so pained, I may say, to the very heart, that for some moments I was unable to speak. How ever, with a violent effort I pulled myself together, and lighting my cigar afresh in a demonstrative way, for the mere sake of obtaining what concealment I could get out of my gestures and my puffing of the tobacco clouds, I said, " Big you always were, Wilfrid ; but never so big—and not now so big—as not to be able to pass through that door. See ! let me go first; put your two hands just above my hips and you'll follow me through as easily as reeving a rope's end through the sheave hole it belongs to." I rose, but lie waved xne off witli an al most frantic gesture. " My God, man ! "• lie shouted, " what is the use of talking ? I could no more get through that door than I could pass through that porthole." "But don't yon think we might manage to hard you through ? " said I. " You'd tear me to pieces," he answered. " Sit down, my dear fellow,"he continued, speaking with an almost cheerful note in his voice, "it is a very grave inconvenience, but it must be met. This cabin is com modious, and with you and Laura to come and keep me company, and with the further solace of my pipe and books, why I shall be very nearly as well off as if I could get on deck. Besides," he added, liftinghis finger and addressing me with that old air of cunning I have again and again referred to, made boyish and pathetic by the quivering of his eyelids and the knowing look his mouth put; on," even if I was not too much swelled to pass through that door," he glanced at it as if it were a living thing that demanded respectful speech from him, " I should never be able to get through the companion hatch." "Well," said I, "it, no doubt, is as you say. A little patience and you will find yourself equal, I am sure, to leaving your cabin. If not, and you fear the idea of a squeeze, there is always your carpenter at hand. A few blows dealt at yonder bulkhead would make room for an elephant." "Ay, that would be all very well, "said he, " so far as this cabin is concerned. But would you have me order the carpenter to rip up the deck with leagues of Atlantic weather right ahead of us"? " I feigned to agree. Mb useful result could possibly follow any sort of -reason ing with him whilst this extraordinaiy fancy possessed his brain. I watched Mm attentively to remark if he moved or acted as if his hallucination involved physical conditions, as if in short he was sensible of the weight and unwieldiness of excessive growth in his body and limbs: for I remembered the case of a man I once heard of, who, believing him self to have grown enormously corpulent in a single night, acted the part of an im mensely fat man by breathing pursily and with labour, by grasping his stomach as though it stood out a considerable dis- j tance ahead of him, and by other samples of behaviour which in has madness he might imagine properly belonged to the obese. But I could detect no conduct of this sort in Wilfrid outside that inspection of himself which 1 mentioned when he first told me that he had grown too big to quit his cabin. 1 changed the subject and sat talking with him for a long half-hour. He asked no questions about his wife, nor as to the disposal of the colonel's body, nor re verted to the extent of the faintest implication to the incidents of the pre ceding day. Yet he conversed with perfect rationality his manners -were bland, with something of dignity in them ; it seemed indeed as if the poor fellow's craziness had localised itself in this new and astounding fancy of his being unable to squeeze his way through on deck, leaving liis mind in all other directions clear and serene; yet mad as was the notion that had. now seized him, I' could not but secretly feel that there was more madness yet in his insensibility to what had happened, as though indeed the light of memory in him had been extinguished and he was conscious of nothing but what was actually passing before his eyes. I held my peace on this new and astonishing craze, fancying that at any hour I might find him on deck and his delusion gone. AY dinner, however, that day Miss Laura noticed hi& absence. My silence, I suppose, convinced her that there was something wrong with him. She questioned nie and 1 told Ji';r the truth. Hei- kj es filled with st.diu s. " He grows worse," she said. " I fear he will never recover." " This marriage," I answered, " on top of what was congenital jin him, Las proved too much. Have y<pu seen your sister to-dav ? " i "No." | "Does1 she intend to keep her cabin until we'reacli, England 1" j "I cannot" say. She dejciines to see I me." i ''Yet she has turned yo\l out of your berth, and does not scruple, I suppose, to use everything that you possess. Well, we are a queer little ship, I must say; the husband self-imprisoned by fancy on one side, and a wife self-imprisoned by heaven knows what emotions on the other side ; and both doors within kick of a foot from either threshold. It is .a picture to encourage an ingenious mind fired with matrimonial resolutions 1" " Men are fools to get married! " she exclaimed piquantly. " And women ? " said L " Oli, it is the business of women to make men fools," she answered. Her clear eye rested serenely on mine, and slie spoke without archness or sarcasm. " I don'.t think," said 1, " that women make fools of men, but that it is men who make fools of themselves. Yet this I vow before all the gods : if I had married a woman like your sister and she had served me as she has served her husband, ; I should wish to be mad as Wilfrid is. I He does not ask after her, seems to have utterly forgotten her and the fellow who was sent to his rest yesterday. Oh,*how ; delightful! "Why you hear of women! like Lady Monson driving their spouses | into hideous courses of life, forcing them to search, for oblivion in drink, gamblings and so on, until they end as penniless miscreants, as broken-down purple-nosed rogues, and all for love, forsooth ! But how is Wilfrid served ? Some wild-eyed imagination slips into his brain, turns all the paintings to the wall, and with nimble hands falls to work to garnish the galleries inside his skull with tapestiy hangings which engage his mind to the forgetting of all tilings else." " But, Mr. Monson," cried she, " surely with some little trouble one might succeed in persuading him, whilst feigning to admit he lias increased in size, that he is not too big to pass through his door." " Lot us pay him a visit," said I. She at once rose. We had finished dinner some time. I had been chatting with her over such slender dessert as ..a y.-' ciii'ft stores in those days supplied—figs, nuts, raisins, biscuits, and the like. The westering sun coloured the cabin with a ruby atmosphere amid which the wines on the fcible glowed in rich contrast with the snow-white damask and the icv snarkle of crystal, whilst red stars ti-embled in the silver lamps, with a soft crimson lustre fla.lring, as it seemed, upon the eye out of: the mirrors. The humming ivind gushed ! pleasantly through the open skylight and down the hatchway, and set the leares of I the plants dancing and the ferns gracefully nodding. To think of the woman for whom all this show was designed, for whom all these elegancies were heaped to-1 gether, the mistress, indeed, of the gallant and beautiful little fabric that was bearing us with a pretty sauciness over this sea of sapphire and under this reddening equi noctial heaven, sulking in her cabin, a disgraced, a degraded, a. socially ruined creature, imprisoned by her own hand, and pride acting ;±he part x>f turnkey to her! But Miss .Jennings was making her way to Wilfrid's cabin, and there was no leisure now for moralising. We entered. The remains of the dinner my cousin had been served with were still upon his table, and I gathered that he ■ had done exceedingly well. This did not look as though he suspected that eating had anything to do with his sudden astonishing growth. He had emptied one j pint bottle of champagne, and another I about a quarter full stood at his elbow with a bumper just poured out, apparently, alongside it. He had attired himself in dress clothes again, and sat with an air of state and dignity in his arm-chair, toying i with a large cigar not yet lighted. " How d'ye do, Laura, my dear ? Sit ] down. Sit, Charles. There is plenty of ! room for slender people like you." i I placed a chair for Miss Jennings and vaulted into Wilfrid's bunk, for though j the cabin was roomy in proportion to the burthen of the yacht, the accommodation was by no means ample, owing to the; furniture that crowded the deck. Win high I cheek bones were flushed, a sort of glassi- ! ness coated his eyes, but this I readily ascribed to the champagne ; the interior was hot, and Bliss Laura cooled her sweet ] face with a black fan. that hung at her waist. My cousin watched her uneasily, ! as if he feared she would see something in him to divert her. " Do you feel now, Wilfrid," said I, " as if you could get on deck ? " " Oh, certainly not," lie answered j warmly, "I wonder that you should ask ] such a question. Compare my figure with that door." ! He looked at Miss Laura with a shrug of his shoulders as though he pitied me. " Surely, Wilfrid," she exclaimed, "you could pass through quite easily, and without hurting yourself at all." "Quite easily ! Yes, in. pieces !" he cried scornfully. " But it is not that you are both blind. Your wish is to humour ! me. Please do nothing of the sort. I "What I can see, you can see. Look at this bulk." He put down his cigar to grasp his breast with both hands. " Look at these," he continued, slapping first an arm, then a leg. " It is a most fortunate thing that I should have broadened only. Had I increased correspondingly in height, I should not have been able to stand up right in this cabin," and he directed a glance at the upper deck or ceiling, whilst a shiver ran through him. I thought now I would sound his mind in fresh directions, for though whilst his present craze hung strong in him it was not likely he would quit his cabin, yet if his intellect had failed in other ways to the extent I found in this particular hallucination he would certainly have to be watched, not for his own security only, but for that of all others on board. Why, aa you may suppose, his craziness took the wildest and most tragic accentuation when one thought of where one was—in the verv heart of the vast Atlantic, a goodly company of us on board, a little ship that was as easily to he made a bon fire of as an empty tar barrel, with, gun powder enough stowed somewhere away down forward to complete in a jiffy the work that the flamea might be dallying with. " You do not inquire after Lady Mon son, Wilfrid," said I. Miss Jennings started and stared at me. " Why should I ?•" he answered coldly and deliberately, producing his little tinder box, at which he began to chip. " I'll venture to say she doesn't inquire after me." \- I was astonished by the rationality of this answer and the air of intelligence that accompanied its deliveiy. " No, I fear not," said I, much em barrassed. " As she only came on board yesterday—" "Well ?" he exclaimed, finding that I paused. " Oh," said I with a bit of a stammer, " It just occurred to me you might have forgotten that she was now one of us, journeying home." " Tut, tut!" said he, waving his hand at me .but -without turning" his head, "Laura, you are looking after her, my deajf-? " "My maid sees that she has all she requires," answered the girl. " She de clines to have anything to say to me—to meet me—to hear of me." He nodded his head slowly and gravely at her, and lowering his voice said, " Can she hear us, do you think ? " "No," I exclaimed, "not through the two bulkheads with the width of passage between." \- He smoked leisurely whilst lie kept his ''eyes thoughtfully bent on Miss Laura. " My cousin," said he, addressing her as though I were absent, " has on more than one occasion said to me, ' Suppose you recover your wife what are you going to do with her 1' I have recovered her and now I will tell you my intentions. .-Laura, you know I adored her." She in clined her head. "What term would you apply to a woman," he proceeded, " who should abandon a devoted husband that worshipped the ground she walked upon 1 who should desert the sweetest little infant"—I thought his voice would falter here, but it was as steady as the fixed regard of his eyes—" that ever came from heaven to fill a mother's heart with love? who should forfeit a position of distinction and opulence—who should • stealthily creep like a thief in the night from a home of beauty, of elegance, and of splendour; who should do all this for an end of such depravity that it must be nameless 1" liis forefinger shot up with a jerk and his ej-es glowed under the trembling of the lids. "What is the term you would apply to such a woman ? " he Continued, now scowling and with an imperious note in his voice. I guessed the word that was in his mind and cried, "Why, mad of course." " Mad ! " he thundered violently, slap ping his knee and breaking into a sshort, semi-delirious laugh. He leaned forward as though he would take Miss Laura into his strictest confidence, and putting his hand to the side of his mouth he whispered, ," She is mad. We none of us knew it, Laura. My first act then when we reach home will be to confine her. But not a word, mind !'' He held his'finger to his lips, and in that posture slowly leaned back in his chair again with a face painful with its smile of cunnine and triunnsh. I saw that the girl was getting scared ;! so Without ado I dropped out of the bunk 011 to my feet. "An excellent Bcheme, Wilfrid," said I, " in fact the only thing to be done. But j my dear fellow, d!ye know the atmosphere here is just roasting. I'll take Miss Jen- I nLnjjs on deck for a turn, - and when I am cooled down a bit I'll look in upon you for another yarn' for half- an-hour before turning in." " All right," lie exclaimed. " Laura looks as if she wants some fresh air. Send one of the stewards to me, will you, as you pass through, the cabin ? But mind, both of you—hush! Not a word, you understand?" " Trust us," said I, and sick at heart I took Miss Laura's hand and led her out of the cabin. As I closed the door she reeled and would have fallen but for the arm I passed round her. I conducted lier'to a coucK and procured a glass of water. The atmosphere here was com paratively cool with the evening air breezing down through the wide skylight, and she quickly recovered. " It is terrible !" she exclaimed, pres sing her fingers to her eyes and shaking her head. " I should fall crazy myself were I much, with him. TTia sneers, his smiles, his looks, the boyish air of his face, too! The thought of his miseiy, his injury, .the irreparable wrong done him—poor Wilf, poor Wilf!" Her tender heart gave way and she wept piteously. When she was somewhat composed she fetched a hat and accompanied me on , deck. The dusk do™ to the horizon was j clear and fine, richly spangled to where j the hard black line of the ocean ruled the ' firmament. On"high sailed many meteors like flying fisli sparkling out of the dark velvet; some of them scoring under the trembling constellations a silver wake that: lingered long on the eye and resembled a length of moon-coloured steam slowly settling away before the breath of a soft air. There were many shooting stars, too, without the comet-like grace of the meteoric flights; sharp, bounding sparkles that made one think of the flashing of muskets levelled at the ocean by visionaiy hands in the hovering star-laden gloom. The wind was failing; the yacht was sailing with erect masts with a rhythmic swinging of the hollows of her canvas to the light weather rolls of the vessel on the tender undulations. It was like the regular breathing of each great white breast. The dew was heavy and cooled the draught as a fountain the atmosphere round about it. A little sleepy noise of purring froth came from the bows. All was hushed along the decks, though as the yacht lifted forward I could make out some figures pacing the forecastle appa rently with naked feet, for no footfall reached the ear. " Alas;" said I, " the wind is failing. I dread the stagnation of these waters. I have heard of ships lying becalmed here for two and three months at a stretch ; in all those hideous days of frying suns and steaming nights scarce traversing twenty leagues. "We were becalmed a fortnight on the Line," said Miss Laura, "on our passage to England. It seemed a year. Every body grew quarrelsome, and I believe there was a mutiny amongst the crew." " Oh, I hate the dead cahn at sea !" I cried. " Yet I fear we are booked. Look straight up, Miss Jennings, you will be hold a very storm of shooting stars. When I was in these waters, but much more west and east than where we now are, I took notice that whenever the skvshed meteors in any abundance a calm followed, and the duration of the stagnant time was in proportion to the abundance of the silver discharge. But who is that standing aft by the wheel there ?" My question was heard and answered. " It's me—Capt'n Finn, sir." " We're in for a calm, I fear, Finn." "I fear so, sir," lie answered, slowly coming over to us. " Great pity, thougli. I was calculating upon the little breeze to day lasting to draw us out of tliis liere belt. Tliem shooting stars, too, ain't wholesome. Some says they signifies wind, and so they may to the norraTds, but not down here. Beg pardon, Mr. Monson, but how is Sir Wilfrid, sir ? Han't seeu him on deck all day. I liope his honour's pretty well ? " "Come this way, Finn," said I. The three of us stepped to the weather rail, somewhat forward, clear of the ears of the helmsman. "Captain," said I, " my cousin's very bad, and I desire to talk to you about him." " Sorry to hear it, sir," he answered, in a voice of concern ; " the heat's atrying him, may be." "He refuses to leave his cabin," said I, " and why, think you i Because he has got it. into his head that he has grown too broad'to puss tJjiougli tlie door, or even to squeeze through that hatch there." "Gor bless me ! " he exclaimed, "what a notion to tale on. And yet it ain't the first time I've heard of such whims. I was once shipmate with a man who believed his nose to be a knife. I've seen him a trying to cut up tobacco with it. There's no arguing with people when they gets them tempers." " But don't you think, Captain Finn," said Miss Jennings, "that with some trouble Sir Wilfrid might be coaxed into coming on deck ? If he could be induced to pass through his door he would find the hatch easy. Then, when on deck, confidence would return to him and his crazy notion leave him." "Won't he make the heffort, miss?" inquired Finn. I answered "No. He says that it would tear him to pieces to be dragged through." "Then, sit," exclaimed the skipper with energy, "if he says it you may depend upon it he believes it, sir, and if he believes it then I dorn't doubt that physical force by way of getting him out of his cabin would be the most dangerous thing that could be tried. It's all the narves, sir. Them's an arrangement fit to bust a man open by acting upon his imagination. Mr. Monson, sir, I'll tell'ee what once happened to me. I had a fever, and when I recovered, my narves was pretty nigh all gone. I'd cry one moment like a baby, then laugh ready to split my sides over nothen at alL I took on a notion that I may lay wiolent hands on myself if the opportunity offered. It I wasn't that I wanted to hurt myself, but that I was afeered I would. I recollect being in my little parlour one day. There was a bit of a sideboard agin the wall with a drawer in which my missus kep' the table knives we ate with- The thought of tnem knives gave me a fright. I wanted to leave the room, but to get to the door I should have to pass the drawer where them knives were and 1 couldn't stir. Your honour, such was the state of my narves that the agony of being dragged past that door would have been. I as bad as wrenching me in halves. So 1 got out through the window, and it was a fortnight afore I had the courage to look into that parlour again." " My father knew a rich gentleman in Melbourne," said Miss Jennings, "who lost his mind. He believed that he had been changed into a cat, and all day long he would sit/beside a little crevice in the wainscot of his dining-room waiting for a mouse to appear." "But when it comes to imaginations of this kind," said I, "one is never to know what is going to follow. Captain Finn, my cousin may mend—I pray God he will do so and soon—" " A men," quoth Finn in his deepest note—" mean while," I continued, "I am of opinion that lie should be watched." " You think so, sir?" he exclaimed. " Why, man, consider where we are. Send your eye into that mighty distance," I cried, pointing to tlie black juiictitin of scintillant gloom and the spread of ocean coming to us thence in ink. "Think of our loneliness here and the condition that a madman's act might reduce us to. That is not all. Lady Monson, this young lady and her maid sleep close to his cabin. Who shall conjecture the resolution that may possess a diseased ' brain on a sudden ? Sir Wilfrid must be watched, Finn." I " I agree ^vith you* sir, lie answered thoughtfully, " but—but who's to have the ordering of it? " Tain't for the likes of me, sir—" he paused, then added, " He's master here 'ee know, sir." " I'll make myself responsible," I ex claimed ; " the trouble is to have him watclied with the delicacy that shall defy the detection of his most suspicious humour should lie put his head oat of his berth or quit it—which he is not likely to do yet. Of course an eye would have to be kept upon him from without. Name me two or three of your trustiest seamen." " Why, sir, there's Cutbill, a first-class man; and there's two others, Jonathan Furlong and William Grinding, that you may put your fullest confidence in." "Then," said I, "I propose that these men should take a spell of keeping a look out turn and torn about. The stewards would have been, fit persons, but they are wanting in muscle. Let the man who keeps watch in the cabin so post himself that he may command the passage where Sir Wilfrid's berth is. You or Crimp, accord ing as your watch comes round, will see that the fellow below, whoever he may be, keeps awake. Pray attend to this, Finn. I am satisfied that it is a necessary measure." "I shall have to tell old Jacob the truth, sir, and the men likewise," said he, " and also acquaint the stewards with what's wrong, otherwise they'll be for turning the sailor that's sent below out of the cabin." "By all means," said I, "I'll stand your lookout, whilst you are making the necessary arrangements. But see that you provide your men with some ready and quite reasonable excuse for being in the cabin should Sir Wilfrid chance to come out during the night and find one of his seamen sitting at the table." "Ay, ay, sir; that's to be managed with a little thinking," answered Finn, and forthwith he marched towards the forecastle into the darkness there. " It is fortunate," I said to Miss Jen nings, " that I am Wilfrid's cousin. If I were simply a guest on board I question if Finn would do what I want." We fell to pacing the deck. Even as ■we walked the light breeze weakened yet, till here and there you'd catch sight of the gleam of a star in some short fold of black swell running with a burnished brow. The dew to the fluttering of the canvas aloft fell to the deck with the pat tering sound of raindrops. " Oh," groaned I to Miss Laura, " for a pair of paddle-wlieela !" We stepped to the open skylight to observe if aught were stirring below, but gladly recoiled from the gush of hot air there rising with a fiery breath stale with the smell of the dinner table spite of the sweetness put into it by the flowers. Heavens, how my very heart sickened to the slopping sounds of water alongside lifting stagnantly and sulkily melting out into black ungleaming oil! We seated ourselves under the fanning spread of mainsail, talking of Wilfrid, of his wife, of features of the voyage, until little by little 1 found myself slowly sliding into a sentimental mood. My companion's sweet face, glimmering tender and nlacid to the starlight, came very near into courting me into a confession of love. The helmsman was hidden from us, we seemed to be floating alone upon the mighty shadow that stretched around. A sense of inexpressible remoteness was inspired by the trembling of the lumi naries and the sharp shooting of the silver meteors as though all the life of this vast hushed universe of gloom were up there, and we liad come to a pause upon the very verge of creation, with no other vitality in the misty confines save what the beating of our' two hearts put into them. On a sudden she started and said, " See ! there is my sister." i The figure of Lady Moiison rose, pale and veiled, out of tfrer companion hatch. She did not observe tss, and approached the part of the deck ■where w*a were seated, courted haply By the deeper dye the shadow of the mainsail put into the atmosphere about it. I was struck by the majesty of her gait, by the tragic dignity of her carriage as she advanced, taking the planks with a subtlety of movement that made her form look to glide wraith-like. The sweet heart at my side shrank with so clear a suggestion of alarm in .her manner that I took her hand and held it. Lady Monsoii drew close—so close without seeing us that I beliered she was walking in her sleep, bat she caaght sight of us then aird instantly flung with an. expres sible demeanour of temper and aversion to the other side' of the deck, which she paced, going afterwards to the rail arid overhanging it, motionless as the quarter boat that hung a little past her. " She frightens me!" whispered Laura ; " ought I to join her ? Oh, cruel, cruel, that she should hate me so bitterly for her own acts ! " " "Why should you join her ? She does not want yoa. The heat has driven her oii deck, aud she wishes to muse and perhaps moralise over the colonel's grave. Whv are vou afraid of her ?" " Because I am a coward.'' Just then Finn came along. He went up to Lady Monson and I saw his figure stagger against the starlight when he dis covered his mistake. He peered about and then came over to us, breathing hard and polishing his forehead. " Sigh took the breath out ,of my body, sir," hei cxclaimed .in a hoarse whisper; " actually thought it was your honour, so tall she be. "VWfl, I've arranged <svery thing, sir, and a lodkvUik'll be established soon arter the cabin light's tamed'down." Laura suddenly rose and wished lue good-night. I could see that Lady Mon soil's presence rendered her too uneasy to remain on deck, so I did not press "lier to stay, though I leuieinbjr heartily wish ing that her ladyship was still on board the 'Lisa Rabbins. She continued to hold her stirless posture at the bulwark rail as though she were steadily thinking herself into stone. But for her contemp tuous and insolent manner of turning from us I believe I should have found spirit enough to attempt a conversation with her. It was not uutil four bells that she rose suddenly from her inclined atti tude as though startled by the clear echoing chimes. East her the sky was dimly reddening to the moon whose disc still floated below the horizon, and against the delicate, almost dream- like fiusli, I perceived her toss up her veil and press her hands to her face. She then veiled herself afresh, came to the companion and disappeared. "Was it remorse work ing in her, or grief for her foundered colonel, or some anguish born of the thought of liev child ? Easier, I thought, to fathom with the sight the mysteries of the ooze of the black, vaporous-looking surface that our keel was . scarce now I wrinkling than to penetrate the secrets of a heart as dark as hers! Half-an-hour later I quitted the deck, and as I passed through the cabin nodded to CutbiU, who sat awkwardly and with I a highly embarrassed air with his back upon the cabin table, commanding the after cabins—a huge salt, all whiskers, : wrinkles, and muscle. 