THE WORKS OP HEINRICK IBSEN. MISS JANET ACHURCH. Heinrick Ibson has been n great power in Scandinavia ever since tho publication of his tragedy " Brand " in 18G0, In Germany also, ami especially after the production in tbo following vciir of a second versical satire, " Peer Gynt," his has long boon "a namo to conjuro with," and in both countries a whole literature of books aud pamphlets bn> growu up in criticism and explanation of his dramas. In England, on tbo other hand, ho remained un known for years, and ifc was not until 1880 that one of his plays was staged in London. Under the titlo of "Quicksands" the piece now widely known us "The Pillars of Society" was produced at a matindo at the Gaiety Theatre, tho English version by Mr. Win. Archer, tho stage managed by Mr. W. H. Vernon, who him self played the principal parta3 Consul Bernick. The hour was not rip-;, however ; the piece was pasicd over as a " curious experiment " (revived again a year ago), and Ibsen still remained a closed book to tho general reader, an uuknown quantity to tho average playgoer. Last June, however, all this was changed at n blow by the courage, enterprise aud literary discernment of , tlio two actors who landed iu Syduey on Monday last— Miss Jauet Acburch and Mr. Charles Charrington. It was on the nigbt of Juno 7, 1889, that they produced "A Doll's House" ac the Novelty Theatre, and it is not too much to say that, whethor before or since that memorable evening, no modern playwright haB more com pletely taken possession of tho general- mind of the thinking and reading classes, has bceu more extravagantly praised, or more violently attacked. Loudon, in fact, which loves to arrogate to itself tho privilege of doing everything first, followed poor little Stockholm in passing through a wilder phase of the fever which had racked tbo Swedish capital ten years earlier. Henrietta Frances Lord, who, under the title of " Nora," translated "A Doll's Houso" before it was taken iu hand by Mr. Archer, states that in 1879 discussion on the play in Stockholm waxed so furious that many a social invitaliou during the period of its run nt the local theatre bore the words "You are requested not to mention Ibsen's 'Doll's House 1'" On Saturday, July 12, Miss Achurch will stage the drama at the Criterion Theatre. This will, we believo, be the first play by a Nor wegian writer that has been seen in Sydney- The occasion warrants brief reference to Ibseu nud to tho country from which ho come3. In reviewing the performance at oue of the Hulld concerts of Grieg's sonata, the same considera tions had weight in our criticism which equally couccrn any aunlysis of tho literature of that strange land. Great are the wonders of Nature iu the Scandinavian groups of countries, in which the whole year, with but little exaggera tion, may be said to be divided into a day and a night. The wild scenery, the solitude and darkness of the cruel winter, the remoteness from the more general civilisation of the south, havo had marked influence upon the race. It would be strange, indeed, if Mich surroundings did not ronso imagination to the most active life and produce great composers like Grieg and great thinkers like Ibseu. Ibsen's biography) chiefly collated from Hurr Jaeger's "Ueiorik Ibsen — 1823-1889," has attached to it in English tho name of various writers, from whom a few of their borrowed facts may now bo quoted. The famous poet and dramatist was born at Skieu, Southern Norwa, on March 29, 1828, and is of mingled Danish, Scotch aud Gorman descent. In his IGih year ho was apprenticed to an apothecary at Grimstad, a dull Norwegian seaport, where ho remained five years and wrote some' plays, of which "The Warrior's Grave" was the first to he produced (Chrietiauiu Theatre, 1850). This brought him into notice, and by tho Influence of Ole Bull, tho great violinist, he was appointed theatre poet to the Norwegian National Theatre at Bergen, where during fire' years he gained au invaluable dramatic ex perience. Ac this time, too, bo contiuucd his education, having for college companions Bjornseu, Jonas Lie and other now famous writers. Lator ia lifo Bjornscn thus com) e used bis youthful impression of his young friend— Ten 5« nnd lean, the color of gypsum. Behind a vast coul-UUok beard, ilehirik Ibsen. Now, the "coai-blaclc board " has become gray and the facj i3 described as "serious and de cided," with small blue eyes, a broad high fore head and adelicatc mouth energetically almt in a fine- line — the whole expressive of an inexhaus tible will. In 1884, indignant at the refusal of Sweden aud Norway to help Denmark iu her resistance to Prussia, lbsen loft bis native country and though ho has visited it since, all his most famous plats have issued from Rome, Dresden and other art-centres in which he has found temporary abode. Tho best-known of his works in England are "Brand," I860 ; 'Peer Gynt," 13G7, and the following social dramas:: — "Tho Young Men's League," 16(19 ; 'The Pillars of Society," 1377; "A Doll's House," 1879; "Ghosts," 1831; 11 Au Euemy of Society," 18S2; "The Wild Duck," 1884 ; "Rosinersholm," 18S6 ; and "The Lady from tho Sea,'' 1888, It is not possible within the scope of this article to dwell upon any of his pluyp other than the oue in which we are sc soon to be interested, and ou this Miss Achurch herself hup something to say. "A Doll's House " ia something more than a comedy which ends in unexpected catastrophe. It has been written, as those who read it will gather, as a satira upon the soul- subjective state which has been loo generally tho lot of womeu in marriage, and illustrates "the moral ruin which follows a want of har monious understanding bctweeu the sexes. Ibsen thinkB that the object of marriage is to make each human personality free; and he would rather seo his heroine involved in social disgrace than see her continue to live ou iu mental bondage aud subierricuco without an effort towards liberation. AU of which has mightily confused tho thousands of people who uQver go beneath the surface of things and who thus fail to grasp the dramatist';? mcauing. Nora is not intended to bo a theatrically ideal lieroino ; she represents a female typo, neither thu best uor tho worst, and tbo play shows tho logical conclusion to which such a woman would be drivcu under a certain cou- Uitiou of married life— unfortunate, perhaps, but also typical. Ibseu has been called thu " Women's Poet," but, after all, his writings show that he merely looks to them as the means to an end — tho general purification of social life. This is clearly shown in tho closing scene from "Quicksands," whero tho humbled Bernick says, "I have learned this iu these days — it Ib you women who are tho pillars.of society," and Sona replies, "Then you have learned a poor wisdom", 'brother-in-law. No, no, the spirits of Truth and of Fiecdom — these are the pillars of society.'4 Ibsen's playa cut deep, and "A Doll's House," liko others of tho series, requires thoughtful reading. How it will act remains to be seen. Chatting with Miss Janet Achurch ou Monday u few hours after hor arrival, we learnt much about tho ulav from her owu Una and something of her future plans under Mr. Charrington's management. "Yes, we had squally weather nearly ail the way from Mel bourne, nud wc did not feel very cheerful cither as we left many kind friends behind us there. In regard to tho play there, tho people did not quite know how to take it at lirst, hut wo had bceu through a similar experience ut home ami expected nothing else. After the first few nights it got talked about and grow groatly iu favor. Wo look to the press, and I think properly so too, to assist us to the extent of informing tho people who Ibsen is nud of what nature are his plays. Of course there Is a section of playgoers who uro wholly un educated and who are not reached by tho newspapers, and some of these were not a littlo perplexed by A Doll's House,' which was played for the first timo in Australia to a holiday audience ou a race night. These good easy people sailed along quito smoothly on tho stream of comedy through tho first two ucts, but at the last, where everything turned exactly the opposite way to which their own conclusions (bused on melodrama) had led them, thoy 4 got left badly,' as tho Americana say. I think tho play acts very well indeed, though it needs listening to, as every play does that ia worth anything, or that, does not depend on a railway ucculent or a gunpowder oxplosion for its succors. I would liko to nay that Mr. Charrington was associated with mo in tho London production and has stage-managed mo through all my great successes, llo has nrranged with Messrs. Brough and Bouclcault for tho most povfect cast that could bo pro cured, and I can tell yon wo aro delighted with I 1 our compauy, so it iuoludes Messrs. Tlllicradgo ' and Herbert Flamming, Misa Fanny Enson, and ourselves in our original characters. Wo tried to engage Miss Enson for our London produc tion, but eho had just signed for Australia, and wo little thought she would join ud after all iu ao far distant a city as Sydney 1 With such a company wo expect Sydney people to become keenly interested in 'A Doll's House, ' but beforo we go ou to Tasmania and Now Zealand Mr. Gharringtou will produco 'Frou-Frou,' so that our eeaaon will not ho destitute of novelty. Out here yon can scarcely realise tho interest which Ibsen's works aro exciting at home. When first wo rehearsed 'A Doll's Houso ' in London only literary people knew anything of his plays and we had to say in ali hope and faith, 1 Never mind ; Ibsen ia coining I' But after tho production all the world and bis wife ' (especially hia wife I) began buying his plays, their merit became au ordinary topic of conversation, and prophecy was superseded by tbo fact itself. Ou our return to London wo hope to produco 1 The Lady of the Sea,' Our present piece only reached New York nix months ago, when it was produced at Palmer's Theatre, New York, with Miss Beatrice Cameron as 'Nora.' Mr. Palmer i9 now rehearsing 'Pillars of Society,' so there mist be a demand for Ibseu in New York. Now I think I have very littlo more to Bay. We were fortunate to see the first of Sydney on a lino da'. The sun was ehiniug gloriously aa wo steamed through the Heads, and really tho harbor looked bo beauti Must you really go? Then I will say au revoir, as we are sure to meet again." Miss Janet Achurch, one of the bounties of tbo Euglish stage, was born at Manchester and is the granddaughter on the paternal side of Thomas Achurch Ward, uctor and leasee, of theatres both iu Liverpool 'ami Manchester, and nicknamed "Romeo Ward" from bis bandsomo face and the success attained in that character. His wife was a woll-known trage dienne, nnd tho name of Mr?. Ward is mentioned more than once in Fanny Kcmblo's " Memoirs." Mrs. Ward was nearly related to James Thorn son, the poet. Miss Achurch studied for the stage under Mrs. Dallas Glyn and Mrs. Kendal and made her debut nt the Olympic Theatre, where, and on tour, she was for three years (ending 1834) under that fiuo tragic actress and Australian favorite, Miss Gonevidvc Ward. Mis9 Achurch then relinquished an engagement at the St. James' Theatre iu order to join a Bhakesperian company on tour, playing: all the great leading rules until her return to London in a Jeadiug part as Mercy Merrick in" The New Magdalen." For tho last two or three years the arti3te has remained continuously in London, playing many important rules at tho Hay market Theatre and other leading houses, and especially distinguishing herself by her diligence and versatility in appearing in new characters at important matineo productions and trial performances. 