CHAPTER XXII. NEAIiLY UliTEoTED. At tlie vorv moment when tlie wronged young La<Jy Chetwynd stole like a shadow into her husband's house at Chetwynd I'ark and crept up to a lonely attic to don ber ghostly robes, ia which she believed she might steal to her husband's very side, and still pass for a spectre or an illusion—at that moment Lord Chetwynd and Sylvia Monk were alone together in the music-room. Miss Monk had been playing some bril liant fantasia upon the grand piano, and her jewelled fingers were still softly pressing the pearl kois, evoking disconnected sounds while her densely black, half open eyes rested in a longing, absorbing gaze upon the fair face of the young marquis. Lord Chetwynd was walking slowly up and down the length of the room, his arms folded across hisbreast, a thoughtful shadow on his face. The mellow light filtered down through pale tinted globe3 upon Svlvia Monk's dark East Indian beauty, and Lord Chetwynd, looking at her, noticed for the first time the pale terror and anxiety in her face and eyes. •• What is tl e matter, Sylviahe asked, kindly. You are looking ill." " There is nothing the matter more than ii3ual, l!oy," said Miss Monk, ber fingers still dropping softly on the keys. " I am not quite we'l of late, and you have been too absorb!ed in your memorial school and your tennants to notice the fact; that i8 all." Lord Chetwynd looked startled and anxious. A deeper gravity settled about liis delicate mouth under the shadow or fcia golden moustache, and upon bis white tirows. " Have I seemed neglectful, Sylvia ?'• lie asked, in tones of self-reproach. ■' 1 have been absorbed in my school, I know. I have never concealed from you that Bernice dead is more to me than any woman living, llut 1 love you also, Sylvia. I appreciate your unselfish devotion to me, your gentle sweet ness, your earnest love. Believe m», sor rowful and hopeless as I am, I am not in sensible to, nor ungrateful for, the great gift of your pure, warm heart, fn time, per haps," and his voice grew broken. " In time I may learn to loye you as you deserve to L>e loved. But now, Sylvia, be patient with me, and let the mantle of your love and charity cover all my short-comings. She whirled around upon the mus'c-stool Lord Chetwynd felt for her a sudden pity. He moved toward her under the impulse of that sudden pity, and took her in his arms. And just then a light, soft step came noise lessly along the flower-bordered aisles of the great conservatory,and approached the door of the music room whence the sound of voices 'ssued. The new-comer was Bernice, in her silken burial robes. All unconscious of the near proximity of ihe young wife whose death he mourned so dispairingly.Loid Chetwynd bent in pitying affection above the false- hearted being who had wrought hira so much of woe, and whom he had promised to marry. f fie look Sylvia's head in his bosom, and 11h ; swarthy East Indian face, with its car b!acV eye» tooled lore at him. And jnst then the sliding doors slipped noiselessly apart at a touch, and Bernice looked in upon them. Neither saw her. Chetwynd was gazing down into the black, fathomless eyes of Sylvia, and Sylvia was unconscious of all | bat him and her love for him. Poor Bernice stood transfixed. Ah,indeed, she thought, her place was tilled. The car ressfa that had thrilled her lovingsoul were lavished now upon Sylvia. She looked at the pair wildly, and a low, smothered cry burst from her white lips. Chetwynd heard the faint sound, and turned and beheld her. Jor a moment he stood transfixed. Then, with a wild cry, he dropped Sylvia from his hold, as if she had been some inanimate thing, and bounded toward this seeming spectre. Bernice flew on before him like a vision. Miss Monk caught a glimpse of the white roOe. the whiter face, framed in masses of floating, dusky hair, and with a shriek came rushing into the conservatory. _ Bernice flew on down the long flowery aisle, her eyes fixed upon the distant open door. She was light and fleet. She sped on before Chetwynd like a shining meteor. At the junction of another aisle she tripped and stumbled upon a misplaced flower pot. Chetwynd now gained on her. His breath ing sounded hoarsely in ber ears, IJer panic increased. She could not see the way before her. She stumbled again—and now Chetwynd reached out his hand to grasp her. She was away again like a flash, but he had caught the lace frills of her short elbow sleeves in his hand, and the yellow film gave way and remained in bis clulcb, while she flew on and out at the open door. He was at the door the next instant, but the seeming spectre had disappeared. There was a faint starlight, and he could trace the forms of the clumps of trees and shrubbery dotting the lawn, but the shining vision was nowhere in sight. He searched the gardens and lawns, the cliffs and the beach, but in vain. He never thought of looking into the shadow of the porch covering the garden entrance to the house. But there, on the deep garden seat, Bernice bad crouched until he had passed ou toward the cliffs, and then she hurried into the house and up the private stair lo the attics. Her escape had not been made a moment too soon. She had scarcely disappeared when Miss Monk came rushing out of the conservatory, and turned her steps to the porch where the young marchioness had been hidden. " The door is ajar," muttered Sylvia, with a baleful gleam in her black eyes. " She has gone into the house. She evidently ill tends to hide. As she does not intend to reveal herself, I am bo far safe." •She closed the door, that Chetwynd might not be tempted to euter it on his return from his search about the grounds, and slowly re-entered the conservatory. " 1 shall pretend that 1 did not see her,' she thought, halting in the doorway and looking out into the dim, fragrant night. " It is best to treat her appearance as Cbet wynd's illusion. She is in the house. Gil j bert must not know of her presence here, and I must warn liagee at once. My old ayah may fiud means to remove her forever from my path this very night." Miss Monk returned to the music-room, and thence proceeded to her own apart ments. She found the East Indian woman crouching before her boudoir lir<5\. She told her briefly what had occurred, and enjoined her to an absolute caution and silence. " Leave it all to me, Missy," said the Hin doo. " M3r lady shall not trouble you after to night. I think ehe is gone up to the attics to change her gown. I will go and search for her. Go back to my lord with an easy heart, Missy. After to-night no ghost shall haunt Chetwynd Park." The old woman spoke with a subtle men ace which ber mistress fully understood. The Hindoo went into the dressing room and unlocked the Indian cabinet, extracting several articles from the secret drawer with in. Then, with the face of a smiling demon, she concealed the articles in her bosom, and stole away out of the room, and crept stealthily up to the attics. Miss Monk paused to take a sip of her soothing draught, and net out on her return to the music-room. In the hall, just outside the door, she encountered her brother, who was in dressing gown and slippers, and appeared just aroused from slumber. " What's the row Sylvia 1" he asked. " What does all this skurrying up and down stairs meau ? What on earth has hap pened 2" " Nothing ! nothing!" cried Miss Monk, Wiu r.n eagerness that aroused his suspi cions that something was wrong. *■ I came | up to my room for a piece of music, (io j back to bed, Gilbert, i must return to the I marquis, who is waiting for me." She moved away as she spoke, and lias- | tencd to descend the stairs. Monk caressed his beard while he looked thoughtfully after her. She said she had come up to her room for a piece of music, but her hands were empty. Mr. Monk, being very astute upon occasion, whistled softly and went back to 1 his room, drew on his cat and boots, and also hurried down to the music-ioom. His sister was in the room alone, and greeted his appearance with a black frown. " Do go back, Gilbert !" she exclaimed. " lv>v and 1 are having a private, interview. He will not like this interruption. Go, or you will regret it." "Hum .'"said Mr. Monk, flinging himself j into a chair. *• 1 shall regret it if I do no, ! no douLt. 1 knuw you, my amiable sister, and I choose to remain here until your lover comes. Some game is afoot— Ha ! what's that ?,; There was a sound (if hutried footsteps in the conservatory, aud Lord Chetwynd rushed into the music-room, pale, wild and disor dered. Monk leaped lo his feet id amaze ment. The manjuis looked passt him with a wandeiing gaze. j "Has she been back!" demanded Chet- I wynd. " I have missed her." I ■■ Who ?" cried Sylvia and Gilbert Monk, | in a breath, the former pale, the latter | eager. j 11 bernice— my wife! Did she comeback i this way?'' r. ptated Chetwynd. " My (iod ! Have I lost her again ? ' "Ah. has the spectre appeared to you again, my lord 2' questioned Mouk, his face flaming. " Has the ghost been here I" "Yes. Bernice came aud looked in upon us. as S3"]via and I stood yonder. She sighed, or moaned, and the sound went to my soul. 1 saw her face, and it waa pale and sorrowful, yrt glorious in its beauty and loveliness. Sylvia saw it also— " No, 110—1 saw no ghost!" Ch'twjii'.l turned upon Sylvia a look of amazement. " Surely you saw her," Monk declared. " You looked toward her—you did see her—" | *' And I say 1 did not. 1 saw no spectrc whatever. Do you think, ray lord, that we are all victims of your peculiar craze? I tell you again I did not see the aparition, or illusion, or whatever it might be called. 1 swear I did not see it." "And jou looked toward yonder door, Sylvia V" "1 di 1. 1 looked straight at yonder door way," aiiiimed the swarthy beauty. " Had | tun thing been there, i.vcn a shadow. I must | have, seen it. But there was nothing there."' j " My lord," said Monk, calming himself j by a strong effort and speaking soothingly, " you deceive vouiself. Sylvia did u«>t sr.e her, and had there hem a woman Sylvia must have seen htr. You have expeiii need I a recurrcncc cf your singular optical illu " I will not Iiear that word again, Monk," j said bis lordship, excitedly, his face flush- ■ ing, "'Illusion!' Why, she ran along the conservatory, and I heard her light footfalls. She tripped upon a flower-pot left in the path. 1 was as near to her as L am to you. 1 reached out my arm to grasp her—and I caught this!"' He unclosed bis clenched band and dis played a fragment of point lace, yellow and wrinkled and stained, with jagged edges, just as he had torn it from JBernice's sleeve. Gilbert Monk and Sylvia stared ap palled. Here was evidence such as they bad not counted on that the spectral visitor was a living woman. Both stood dumb, not know ing what to say. Gbetwynd laid the scrap o£ lace flat upon his hand. " The mystery deepens," he said, hoarsely. "But that I myself saw my wife die, but that I myself saw her buried, I should say that she lives and has been here to night. Look at this lace. It wason her burial robe —the robe she wore on her first evening in thia house. She had the gown made in Loudon. I remember her innocent delight at the pattern of this lace. There were branching palms done in film, as one might say. And here is the palm nearly perfect. If my visitor were a ghost, would she wear tangible lace I And whoever she is, how came she with this lace which J remember so well?" " Gbetwynd, said Monk, slowly, " I think that you are the prey of some designing woman who presumes on her resemblance to Be mice. Calm yourself. Look at the matter dispassionately, if you can. Bernice is dead, so your visitor cannot be she. If it is not a spectre, then it must be, as I said, some designing woman." " But the face was pure and noble—" " That proves nothing. The face might even have been a mask. Let us resume vour search, but very quietly, so that the servants may not suspcct what we are doing. You search the park, and I will search the cliffs and beach. S;iall it be so?" The marquis assented and thrust the lace in Lis pocket, and went out with a perplex'd and troubled face. Tiie mystery had indeed deepened, and his mind was in a state of chaos. He hurried out toward the park, into ■whtise dark rcceesoi he plunged and dis appeared. Monk did not linger to speak to his sister. He, too, hurried out of the house, bathe did not go to the cliffs. To the contrary, lie went to the garden entrance and stole into the house, and made his way up to the attics, as Bagee ha 1 done before him. " I'll find her up here," he thought. " She has come up to change her gown. I have been mighty near to ruin to-night. Once I get possession of her again, I'll hold ber fast, so that she shall not cseape me." Gilbert Monk went from attic to atticina vain and rambling search for Bernice. After a few minutes thus spent, he became con scious that someone was moving in the rooms in advance of him. He leaped to the conclusion that Bernice was fleeing before him, and he hurried forward, intent upon her capture, moving swiftly and almost noiselessly, having removed his boots at the outset. He gained upoa the stealthy person in advance, and soon became aware of the fact that she had halted, and was hiding somewhere in the stillness and darkness. He moved on more cautiously, determined not to pass his quarry in the darkness. He crept across a long, low, ill-lighted attic, at the end of which was an open doorway giv ing into a smaller darker room. Listening, he was sure that be heard suppressed breath ing in that inner room. '■I have ber now!" he said himself, exultantly. " She shall not escape me again. My glove of velvet shall conceal a hand of iron. JIow, my lady, 1 have you like a bird in a caue. There is no outlet to yonder room 1 fancy, save through this. Sou are caught at last!" He hastened in his stockinged feet toward the low doorway, and passed into the deeper darkness of the inner room. In the same instant a figure just within the uoorway sprang upon him, and a pair of long, supple hands stole about his ncck, as seeking to strangle him. "Ha! I have you now!" hissed a voice which he recognised as that of the East In dian woman. " This time, girl, you die !" The long lingers twisted themselves like snakes aiound his neck, and the old woman clung to him like a horrible incubus. But suddenly her lingers came in contact with hie beard. The shock of a great surprise unnerved her fingers. The Tlmg-like hold on him relaxed ; and now Monk seised bis assailant and flung her from him like some venomous reptile, hurling her to the floor, as he cried out : " You accursed hag ! You here '•Y011 hear, Mr. Gilbert?" said the old [ Hindoo, in a choked voice, gathering herself ' up, and scowling at him through the dark ness. •* Curse you J ' said Monk, angrily. »' I ought to kill you, you infamous Thug !" Tiie old woman muttered an unintelligible response in her own tongue. *' Get out of this !" said Monk, authorita tively. " 1 f you make another move against Lady Gbetwynd I'll have you sent away from Gbetwynd l'ark. You tried to murder j her ladyship at the skaters' chalet. You'd better draw off now. You're fighting me ; do you understand ? I know you, root and branch. I overheard that little interview of yours with Sylvia some sixteen months ago, and I know all your schemes. I permitted the mock death and the mock funeral for reasons ot my own. I have had charge of my lady ever since. I am working out bchemes of my own, but they will not in terfere with those of Sylvia. My sister shall be Lady of Gbetwynd. I am only trying to make a little money. Are you content now ?" The old woman snarled in dissatisfaction. She did not believe Monk's protestations. Her determination that Bernice should die gathered new strength. But she realised, as did Monk, that they were wasting time in talking which should be devoted to pursuit. Therefore she said, with a hypocritical whine, which did not in the least deceive heroppenent: " if you say is's all right, Mr. Gilbert, I suppose it is, and I'll go downstairs." With this she abruptly darted past him into the larger attic and glided into the coiridor beyond. '• She has resumed her search," muttered Monk. " It's to be a race between us which shall find Bernice first. Lest some devilish instinct should guide old liagee, whom the fiends protect, I think I'll follow her. We are sure soon to find Bernice. And I will look in the upper garret to which Bernice sent. n;e before." He hurried out, but the Hindoo had dis appeared, He sought for her, but he could not find her. He tramped from room to room, but she eluded him. He visited the little garret in which Bernice had before hidden, but the youthful marchioness was not there, and there was 110 token of her recent presence. lie searched for hours, until he was fatigued and wrathful, and persuaded that he had been completely bailled. Then he went down sullenly to his own room. lie had scarcely composed his features to even .1 semblance of their ordinary calm, when a knock was heard upon his door, and in obedience to his rummons Lord Chetwynd entfred the room. The young marquis still wore a pale, dis ordered countenance. His blue eyes were burning. His golden hair was tossed back from his bronzed brows in strange dishevel uient. lie looked still excited, anxious and perplexed, yet determined to solve the mystery that encompassed him. *■ I've bean to your room twice, Gilbert," said his lordship, abruptly, " and you were not in. Have you just returned from your 