Sketcher. The Work and Ways of the Bahama Nigger. There is a general readiness among the Do^rocs in the Bahamas to ncoept charity, even when remunerative! work may bo staring too mendicant in the face. Tho betteredu cated negru may not oak for a shilling, but ho will not hesitate to let you know how you may eurvo or benefit htm. There was a . white-haired old fellow, with a skin so fair that in another climute no ono would nu.speet his lineage to bo of the house of Ham, who begun his uttnekH on ray sympathies before I had fairly got tho northern chill out of my blood, aud cou.inucd his interested attack long aftor I was brown us a native and as well known as tho oldest inhabitant. Ho brought shells which he was willing to part with for twouty times their vuluo in. silver; he hinted, ye*, more than hinted, thatbehad ? warm udrainition for certain articles of personal apparel which I possessed. He even dank no low an to laugh convulsively at ? the Gorision whioh I heaped upon him. In the end he succedded in securing a shilling, and straightaway began to lie awake nights to contrive a plan by which to get another. ? There is unother common trait, whether mental or moral it is hard to dctormino, which may best bo described by an illustra tivo story. And old man whoso daughter, lately grown to womanhood, was nmong tho best-dressed and bost-bohaved damsels of bet nativo town, met her ono day upon tho street, and, stepping up to her, without a word straok her two or throo sharp blows. Wlion interrogated as to his raotivo for such an act, heropiicd, 'Dat my own chile. She am do nuttiu' on'y eho Ret too fine. I mas' hit her jus1 to show 'torito.' Tho deed was a typical ono. Thero aro many absurd, irri tationul things douo by this race 'just to ?how authority.' In cases of sioknoss among, tho Bahama blacks tho poor patient is overvisited from tho first. Hois sung .to, talked to, and prayod ovor, till, boiug incdioinod after tho mo»c approved Indian method*, ho finally dies m sheer self-defence? A blaolc man was recently employed to take car» of a Biok neighbour, nud ono morning soon nf ter ro ported ou his chnrgo bs follows : — ' Ho wusa obery day. Ho 'pear like ho am1 (ioin* get well. I done jam dn Word o' Uawd into him all do tiino sonoe I boendero.' Ho was admonished that ho was not em ployed to ' jara ' the Word of God into his ?uttering brother, but to jam nourishment into hissystom. Tho sick man foiled to ro eoTor. _It seems hardly necessary to record of mem bers of tho Afriottn family that tboy aroflupor. stitious. Tho vagaries of belief are preserved fragments of arohaie Cimgo religion. The old bottlo of charmed buy hung up in a fiol d is still often suilioiently potent to aoaru away tho moro iguonint, aud no watcli or w*rd would j protect tronuro fro:n molostaUon ?an as well as n good ghost story. No ono cares to pass a gruvnyard aftor nightf all. I havo known u boat's orow disturbed beoauro i* l s -°{ l'lnd ballns'; thrown overboard looked hko a shoot or a shroud benoath tho surface of tho deep, and tho smell of water melon whioh once greeted us oat at- soa was immediately attributed to spirits, Wreoking is ono of tho Bahama industries Men, women, and ohildron will abandon any pursuit to throng tho scene of a wreck. An entire oongrogation will swarm out of church atsucha summons, tho men divesting them selves of superfluous clothing as they run, pitching garments over walls or into tho bushes for tho women to pick up. Tho conclusion of tho preacher's address, though j-jod from a Bahama standpoint, might not commend itsolf to tho bettercul tured underwriter. It was this, ' An' now, my bred'rin, pray r'o Lawd ho son' us a good wrack, so'st wo kin gota fow ehiUin' .' — Serib- Mrr'« Miiya;ine. 