MODERN FOBTUNE-TELLlIsG. (IOSDOS 6HBCTAIOE). • It is necessary, we suppose, as well as right' to punish fortune-telling for money. One has always an idea, after reading the proceedings before the magii- traten, as if good powder and shot were being thrown away for nothing, and as if the progress of intelligence would of itself extanguuh that ..particular variety of misdemeanour. We. do not hang witches any longer, nobody can precisely say why, and the bumkins who affirm, as they still do now and then, that Mother Sa-and-So has " overlooked" their children or their pi^s, receive no help from the Bench, beyond a sharp little lecture, which they do not understand, for their folly or their malice. Indeed, if they have stuck pina into Mother So-and-So on the faith of her witchhood, or have hunted her too malignantly, or have set fire to her blade eat, they are fined, as if their offence had not been dictated by one of the most ancient of all beliefs. Still, a fortune-teller who takes money is a swindler, iiFually a conscious swindler, and fools must be protected against swindlers; while there is something to be said for the idea that the legal condemnation of folly helps to make it a little more rare. The men .who, passed the Af t intended it, we fancy, not so much for the protection of Bervant-girls, curious about closely- connected with the worship of the evil one; but stall, the Act hurts no innocent person, and it does tend to check a particularly injurious kind of lying-. There never was a time when fortuneteUing- in. drawing -rooms was so rife, or apparently so much believed in. Society rejects astrology altogether, not, we fancy, for St. Augustine's unanswerable reasons, hut because it so rarely sees or thinks of the stars; and it has got beyond dreams, which are supposed to be a result of indigestion, and to ba curable by nitrate-of-sjiver pills, ->r Ii may be by nux vomica; and the diicketi if un 5 o'clock are in secret a little afraid of spiritualism, as likely to end some day in a possible appearance ot ghosts ; so th»y devote themselves to rather more inane forms of divination. Sometimes the inquirer's fortune is foretold from her handwriting, which is comparatively sensible, athere is in handwriting a little evidence of character, though not much, the slightest ineptitude of the fingers or defect of eyesight depriving the manuscript of all relation to the writer's mind, as does also that writer's resolve to write a conventional hand. The most resolute person we know writes a niggling (•crawl, hardly legible, and indicative, if of anything, of weak iudecision ; while women with watery minds pour out those minds in nianuMM'ipt which Lord Palmereton, who wrote a Circular Order commanding uncial English, would have pronounced perfection. Sometimes, again, revelation is sought from the lines on the forehead, not the bumps, mind—that is a separate folly—but the lines, for which the seekers might, if they knew anything about it, plead very ancient warrant. Priests who were wise or foolish, ages before the Sibyl endeavoured to sell her books, convinced themselves that every man's destiny was recorded by the foreseeing powers upon his frontal bone, and dreamed that, if the spectator only pondered enough, he cauld discern his visitor's fortune as clearly as his temper or his comparative intelligence. The drawing-room, however, knows nothing- cf that, and only guesses by a rule which, one observes, favours the foreheads that ruck rather than the foreheads that are smooth. It is not a bad way, if both sexes are present, of making love without being too explicit; but it involves severe staring, and severe staring' is rude. Modern society would not be rude, even if it could stare into heaven; and divination by the forehead is therefore usually discarded in favour of divination by the hand. The 'gipsies are avenged for ages of ridicule and penalties, and palmistry is a rage. Everybody who has time to waste knows something of it, and there are regular adepts— ladies some ot them—who make out of their proficiency regular, though, we fear, only temporary, incomes. They tell first the inquirer's character, about which they often make shrewd hits, ekeing- out the result ot attentive observation, or hints gathered within the room by the use of certain common forms, invented, we imagine, for the behoof of those advertisers who promise full revelations of character for a shilling's-worth of stamps. Some of these common forms are really very clever, their object being flattery in disguise, flattery not of the common sort, but addressed to the foibles concealed in the majority of mankind. No man, for instance, is told that he is weak; bat a great many are informed that they have a strength of purpose not suspected by their friends, or an inner hardness which may spring either from rectitude or selfishness. No woman is ever assured that she is spiteful; but she is often told that she usually acts under a sense of duty, and that ebe is even too affectionate — a useful advertisement when it is read aloud. The character discussed, the fortune follows, and at this point the observer will often notice an odd peculiarity. The magician wishes only to make his or her prophecies definite, for it is only the definite which is impressive, and detmitenef-s is quite safe, for nobody, however sceptical, can deny that any fortune is passible in the distant future. The inquirer may become rich, though she is poor; her lover may be dark, though she prefers blonde people ; and she may live to be ninety, though she looks so frail. If she does, and remembers the words used, the feibyl will shine in her memoty as a prophetess, while if she does not she and her friends will have forgotten the unfulfilled prediction. But the pasuon for guessing by rule is a very potent one, and ojcasionally, we more than suspect, masters the seer, who then becomes hopelessly inconsistent, the things be or she wishes to predict getting mixed with the things which, according to the rule, ought to be predicted. It is desired to prophesy wealth, but the lines of the palm mean poverty, or the lines of the wrist—an extension of the art at which fancy- the forgotten Hindoos fire-worshipping Chaldeans, who invented the whole tomes. wuOd h?ye i^led-rand so ihepredicoon comes oni as poverty, to be followed bynnexpectedgood fortUne. Xt isa silly game, hot not without its mischiefs. There is a kind of sceptical credulity which is most characteristic of oar day, when people wfll believe anything except revelation, and think a wizard a far more likely being to exist than any sort of angel; and w faacy many a listener finds his or her judgment of character warped by an authoritative dictum, uttered with a pretence of know-lodged derived from something more to be trusted experience. Predictions, too, stick in the mind, and work their own fulfilment, sometimes with effects which are seriously in- jurious. The practice, too, though it would be folly to make too much of if, has undoubtedly one effect which on many minds i* far from beneficial. It deveWs that taste for the indulgence of weak wonder which of all intellectual foibles is the one that mort enfeebles the phftr^^cf prematurely debauching as it does the nobler instincts of reverence aad faith. The fiheeof the mind Is weafeenei, and the " open inquirer" becomes liable to a mental disease which may he best described as imbecile credulity, credulity which la not faith, and is as impervioas to evidence as water covered with a film of oil is impervious to air. The spiritualists, when they axe sincere, at all events seek something worth seeking, concrete evidence of a future t-tate ; but the devotees of these methods of guessing have into not eren the future, the excuse they of would an end. be Iftheycouldeee in no way gaSnae, for the very oonditionof its being the future ie that they can neither hurry nor retard «ar in any way alter it. It has beat saidty keen observer that one startyng sign * the *pproachtng fall of a society fa |£ense jtof»oepthasm and sapemtitiott stt ^woe ; aad OM«gh we are not. : pessimists afamt <ed, where -endlesa symptoms appecr , Vie only «kin- deen. it mt» nJ«lnU Hon 