STATE INTER FERANCE WITH PRIVATE ENTER PRISE. CHEATING THE NEWSPAPERS. . From a paragraph in the city press a few days since, we notice the Rail way Commissioners have granted a lease to a comnanv for the Dlacinr? of advertisements in railway carriages, and the price to be paid for the privi ? ? — ====^=^= Iege, we understand, is regarded by the CotaffiSssiofleJ-s as* Very SaUsfadoi-y: This is Hot bad for South Australia, but we fail to agree with the business in any' wayi Iii tfie rinit placej tfe object to the Government allowing the servants of the State to make any agreement which will, as in this in stance, directly interfere with private enterprise* We etfpeet there will be a tease granted Ve'if §ddrt td private Com panies for advertising in the (govern ment Gazette ; such would be equaiiy as fair to the press of the colony as the present agreement allowing ad vertising in railway carriages. It is not a week ago since the Railway Commissioners of New South Wales agreed to dispense with the practice of advertising at railway stations and also on the tramcars— their reason given is because of the placards and posters not improving the appearance of either the cars or the stations, etc — but we claim to know better. There has been a universal cry-out by the press of that colony against the practice, and we believe as a result of such the Rail way Commissioners have so decided, and quite right too. Why should the Government lend itself to in fringing upon the rights of the adver tising departments of our several newspapers ? It is a well-known fact that the press will not be utilised as a medium for advertising whilst the work can be done at cheap rates other wise. We have noticed all sorts of dodges whereby advertising has been done to the disadvantage of the press, but for the Government to allow and even contract to do it is most unfair. We will not deal harshly with the Railway Commissioners at this stage from the fact that they might have acted without thought, but unless notice is taken of this hint we shall endeavour to induce the whole of the South Australian press to protest against this method whereby they are being somewhat cheated of their rights as public informers. tenc-e is dependent upon acts of Parlia- 1 rfteati afid tfhieh1 tetfd irievkthjy to ? become monopolies. TW fcelectior! of this industry or that for spee&J; legislative favour plaices' power in the KaridS of Parliament; which must always be eiferciK&f; niore^ or less blindly, and is often exercised tot ruptly. No man is master of the intricacies of every trade; and the most honest legislator may be misled by the' irite'fgSted statements of com mercial experts. How iaffriitefy' hard, then, to detect corruption, or ensure wisdom, when ignorance attempts to legislate according to the dictates of self- interest 1 The settlement of .a tariff has been described by an Ameri can eye- witness as ' a game ef grab.' Each interest takes what it can, and by combination with others secures the utmost The iron men support the fanners, if the farmers will vote for a duty upon steel rails ; and the tfdollen manufacturers form a close alliance with the copper trust, in order to pre vent the pastoralists from getting too much for their wooL Politics are tbus degraded into an unseemly scramble for money aids ; and the virtue of a legislator must be sorely tempted if, when he sees others plundering, he keeps his own hands pure from bribes. We find the effect outside Parliament to be equally pernicious. The virtues of enterprise and self reliance are destroyed when men are scared by competition as by a ghost, and, as our quoted authority puts it, at the first sign of successful rivalry they run whining to Parliament for help instead of trust ing to the old-fashioned virtues of enter prise and self reliance. We have seen the results of this many times. The vigour of a people is sapped when they become accustomed to apply to Govern ment in every difficulty. Besides, pro tection has and will again contaminate the purity of public life with corruption, and widen the breaches between class and class by introducing systematic spoliation, and also it undermines public honesty by creating artificial offences in tariff laws against which self interest and the sense of justice equally rebel. Then it is no wonder, as the gentlemen to whom we refer above, says *' that in every civilized country those who try to find the best expression of a nation's moral life in its political system, and who recognise, that sense of duty is the safeguard of society and not self interest — all, in fact, who are men of ideas, with hardly one exception — are waging an undying battle with the creature protection. It is no wonder, also, if at times the language of the disputants grew heated. ' Protec tionism,' says Professor Summer — and his words will find an echo in the heart of everyone who has lived in a protected country, and has seen the desperate shifts to which protectionists resort, or read the nonsense and the falsehoods of their journalistic cham pions — ' is such an arrant piece of economic quackery, and it masquer ades under such an affectation of learning and philosophy, that it ought to be treated as other quackeries are treated — with scorn, contempt, satire and ridicule.' The best authorities in economics are virtually unanimous in condemning the policy of protection ; but the people we quite understand are not students, and lack, as it were, the means of information. We agree with the advanced advocates of free trade that if such peisons will reflect upon the matter, they will need but little study to become freetraders. What is protectionism but an outrage on common sense as has been often shown? An invasion of one man's rights by another, by the force of law. ' It leads men to depend upon the laws of Parliament when hey should be studying the laws of nature,' says our friend, 'and it is re pugnant to justice, because it intro duces artificial inequalities ; it is destructive of political purity, be cause it turns the power of law-making into an engine for enriching individuals. No possible advantage which protection can give can compensate foi these tremendous evils. The true policj, therefore, is to trust in freedom, even when the path seems lost The con fusion and obscurities of industrial lite cannot be relieved by efforts to turn back the hands upon the clock of time.' Notwitstandmg the pratingjjf a cliqueof interested politicians, a period of re action is inevitable, and a time will come when the people will understand that they have been led by the nose by men who have profited considerably by so leading them, and all the artifici alities- of forced tariBs will be swept away and the freedom they have been seeking for will reign in the full majesty of natural life. The natural will eventually override the unnatural and artificial, and freedom which will bring about the brotherhood of man, will lake its place 