TOWN TALK. -'■'t Tlie following ne^*s mutter appears ou the fourth pag"e :—Commercial, Special Cable grams. An Important [Reaper and Binder Trial, The Parliament Place Tragedy,-■Meet ing' of Pastorulists, Pound Bead in Bed, Gee long '"West Police ; Court, Amalgamated [Millers' Engincdriyers and [Mill Employes' Association, AYarrnamlwol, A. ..Funeral Heformer's "Mill. The Ihulway Bill passed its second reading in the Assembly lust night, and "was com mitted pro forma. : Iii the fourth page will he found a full report of the inquest on tlic body of Mrs Jubb. (the victim of the late Melbourne tragedy). Tlic jury, after only a brief con sultation, returned a verdict of wilful murder against the man Turner, who was, thereupon, committed for trial. \- All the hands on hoard the steamers Gam bier and Fiado, wlio have given notice to the owners, Messrs IV. H- Smith and Sons, that they will leave the vessels in Geclong, will he paid oif this afternoon. Both steamers, as soon as they arc relieved of their cargoes of coal, will be hauled oif from the railway pier to the anchorage ground on the west side of the wharf, where they will remain until the strike is over. It is intended by Messrs IV. H- Smith and Sons to bring the steamers Time and Barrabool to Geclong. and to anchor them in Corio Bay, owing to the offi cers and seamen having deserted the sliips and joined the ranks of the strikers. The steamer Lindus arrived in Corio Bay yester day afternoon, but the wharf laborers refused to discharge the vessel after she secured a berth alongside the railway pier. As soon as the steamer made fast to the wharf, the officers, seamen, and firemen served Captain Herbert Smith with 24 hours' notice of their intention to leave the vessel. At first the captain, after consulting with the Geelong representative of the finn of MessrsTIuddart, Parker and Co., handed hack the notices, but, later in the evening, instructions from headquarters in Melbourne were received authorising the acceptance of them, and with an intimation to the effect that the men would be paid oif. The engineers of the vessel have not joined with those who have struck work. For some hours yesterday the work of dis charging coal from the steamers Fiado and Gambicr, lying alongside the Kail way Pier, was discontinued. To the casual observer the stillness pervading the flier and the decks ■of the vessels appeared as if the mariners' strike had affected the vessels named. This was considered an unwise step on the part of the IVliarf Laborers' Union, the members of which had been informed by the Melbourne authorities that the unloading, of vessels commenced on "Wednesday should ho con tinued until all the cargo was got out. The cause of the delay of operations was, how ever, due to the short supply of trucks by the Railway department. The supply of vehicles ran out about midnight 011 Wednesday, and additional trucks could not he procured until mid-day yesterday, when work was renewed and was merrily kept up throughout the re mainder of the day. Tile induction of the Rev. Mr Pritchard, 3Li, will take place this evening, at seven o'clock. Among tlic clergy officiating in the ceremony will he the Reverend the Arch deacon of Ballarat (Dr. Green.) Great care has been observed with regard to tlic ritual. Tlic service will be fully choral, and not the customary plain chant. An antliem, " Scud out Thy Light and Thy Truth," specially composed by Mr A. R. Coiisterdiue, the organist for this occasion, will be sung. " Come, Holy Ghost," will also he rendered during the induction, to the music of Attwood. The processional and recessional hymns arc " The Church's one Pouudatiou," aud " Onward, Christian Soldiers." It is expected that in a few days' time tenders will he invited for the erection of the first section of a grand hotel, to he - estab lished at Point Henry, for which the plans have been prepared by arcliitects in the metropolis. The proposed Bellarine Hotel is to be erected by the syndicate (Messrs Sprigg, Smith and others) on the land at Point Henry owned by them. It was origiuaUv iiitended to place the new hotel building on the site of the present tea and temperance refreshment rooms at the Bellarine tea gardens, hut these are now to remain intact, and the hotel will not he located on kind owned by Messrs IV. H. Smith aud Sons. The first section of the new building will comprise in all twenty-six apartments, in cluding spacious drawing, dining and sitting rooms, parlors and billiard saloon mostly on the ground floor; whilst the upstairs portion will provide for fourteen bedrooms and two bathrooms. The bar, which is to be 10 feet in length, with a commodious breadth, is to he handsomely fitted up. There is to be broad verandah in front of the hotel, aud balconies erected above, all baring excellent sea" views: The spring, show at the establishment of Messrs." A. Miller and Co., the well- known drapers of Moorahool-street, was opened yes terday in the spacious upstairs room of the new premises at the comer or Moorabool and Little Rvrie streets. It is one of a most extensive character, and presents features of charming attraction, especially for the ladies, who may view the show without being asked tp speculate. Tlic dressing of the room has been effected with exquisite taste, the atten tion paid to display being of a pronounced character, and the apartment, from the win dows overlooking Moorahool-street to the western end, is adorned with brilliant collec tions of the choicest of goods for spring aud summer wear. Every description of the newest styles of Parisian hats and bonnets, and endless varieties of flowers and feathers of all colors, are placed on view, together with a beautiful assortment of French zephyrs, first-class dress stuffs, eostimies, and millinery fixings. The walls are relieved with tapestry, elegant curtains, paintings and mirrors, and at the west end of the show room there is a Large and magnificent mirror, which is so placed as to reflect the greater portion of. the showroom, aud forms an attractive picture in itself to visitors to the main shop below. . The following thefts liavo been gazetted —From the dwelling of Albert J. Collins, Kilgour-street, South Geelong, on the16th inst., a lady's gold necklet, 3 £5-notes, £1 "notes; all the notes are on the Union Bank. From Samuel Miller, laborer, Werri bee) on the 10 th inst., a light-bay horse, valued at £12. V The half-yearly mooting of the Geelong Volunteer Fire Brigade was held last even ing at. the stationhouso, Little Malop street.- There were twenty members in at tendance, and Captain F. Hodges occupied the chair. IV. Rerille, a member of tho "brigade, applied for three months' leave of absence, which was granted on the motion of Mr Lowday, seconded by Mr Gillies. The treasurer (Mr C. IVilcox) read the financial statement for the six months, which, showed a bank overdraft to the amount of £82 : 13s 7d. ' -The total debit balance of the brigade at present was set forth at £112 7s lid. It was also mentioned that there was a credit balance of £12 on the members' fund, and 'a balance of £201 3s od to credit on the acci dent and relief fond. The treasurer said tho condition of the brigade .was as good as could "be expected, considering that they had aot received any support from tho majority of the insurance companies. The only donai tion received was a siuii of £10 from the Guardian Company, of which Mr AY. Abra ham is the local agent. The credit balance of the members' fund had been gradually diminishing during the past few years. Mr P. Keon moved the adoption of the balance sheet, and remarked that the brigade would have to be as economical as possible during the next half-year, as it had only the subsidy from the corporation to depend on. Mr Gotts seconded the motion, and it was carried. Captain Hodges, after some general refer ences to the condition of aifuirs as disclosed in the balance sheet, said it was expected that'the condition of the (ire brigades in the colony would shortly be greatly improved by the passing of the hire Brigades Bill. A motion was subsequently passed to the effect that the brigade should strictly carry out the rule limiting their attendance on parade to only those demonstrations which are held for charitable objects. A commencement has been made in can vassing for special prizes for tire next annual show of the Geelong and "Western District Agricultural and Horticultural Society. Already sums amounting to 83 guineas have been promised, and it is hoped by the com mittee of the society that the amount will be doubled before the compilation of the annual prize list. ■ The Geelong Young Men's Mutual Im- I provement Association gave an entertainment | in the local benevolent asylum last evening The whole of the inmates mustered as usual, and seemed greatly pleased with the amuse ment provided for them. The chair was occupied by Mr A. "Wilson, president of the association. The programme comprised songs by MrsBealcs, Miss Edio Nott, Messrs E. "Wilcox, and AY. G. Galbraith; an operetta, in character, by Messrs Cotton, AAHcox and Harding; recitations by Messrs E. Cotton, j AY. AArebber and D. Marshall; and overture I by Miss Harding : and a farce " The Hew | Skating Itink," by Messrs AYilcox, Harding and Galbraith. The pianoforte accompani ments during the evening were played by | Messrs Harding and Cotton. A meeting of the Geelong Town Counci will be held next Monday evening. Thcl following notice of motion has been given by Cr. Richardson for consideration :—" That letters be sent to the Hcwtowu and Cliilwell and Geelong AYest borough councils, asking if they will appoint delegates to meet repre sentatives from this council to discuss, on an | early date, the advisability of steps being taken for the amalgamation of the three I municipalities, whieh, if carried into effect, will be the means of constituting the city of Geelong, the saving of official expenditure, and the better working and general advance- | ment of the whole district." Last evening an enthusiastic .meeting of the Geelong brunch of the Employers' Union was held in the Free Library buildings. There were 32 firms represented,and the chair was occupied by Mr Chas. Shannon. The meeting was called for the purpose of receiv ing the report of the delcgites who attended the meeting of employers held in Melbourne on AYodtiesday evening. This was to the effect that the union, branches of which arc to be established in all centres of population in the colony, is not to be aggressive, but merely to protect the interests of all persons employing labor and the investment of capital. A resolution was unanimously carried expres sing sympathy with the steamship owners in the difficulty confroutiug them by the present strike. A second resolution was carried ap pointing a sub-conunittee to draft a report embodying the form of practical sympathy to be shown to the owners of steamships, and to recommend the course of action to lie taken. This is to be submitted to the next meeting of the branch of the Union. The success which has attended the forma tion of pigeon, canary, and poultry breeders' societies in Melbourne and Geeloug has in duced several local gentlemen to form a similar institution in Ballarat. There are some celebrated breeders of birds and poultiy in the Ballarat district, and it is to he hoped that the movement will be taken up with spirit. Tlic matron of the M'Killop-strect Homo for Agcil Females, in giving evidence at the Central Police Court yesterday in the case of a womiui, named Sarali ^Hooper, who was charged with lunacy, stated as the prineipa reason for supposing the accused to he of un sound mind, that she had violently threatened to destroy herself. "If all tlic people who use threatening language were brought before me we would soon till the asylums," rcmifcrkeil the police magistrate who, from the outset, regarded the decrepit old prisoner as being more in need of friendly help and atten tion than treatment in a luuatic asylum. Drs. Smith and Marwood were ex amined, and stilted that they had been unable to detect auy direct symptoms of insanitv in the woman. The latter gentleman said in his opinion it would be a great shame to send her to Kcw if anyone cotdd he found to look after lier. Tlic Illation of tlic M'lCillop strcet Home, of which Hooper luul been an inmate for to or 10 years, also staled that the old foinalesjn the institution were each sup posed to pit tend to their own personal re quirements, afterdbeing allowed certain assist ance weekly from the management. The Bench discharged the prisoner, and Seigcant Rogers volunteered to make an endeavor to ob tain admittance for her to the local benevolent asylum. Billy Murray, the bright, particular, a now almost sole, represesentative of ( AAresteru District aboriginal tribe is never a loss for an excuse, an explanation, or humorous argument when brought befc the magistrates for any of the little excesi to which he is prone. AYhcuevcr lie leav his country seat at Birregtirra and makes excursion to Geelong, taking advantage the free railway transit accorded by the G vernmcut to his race,lie almost invariably gi involved in some trouble. Too readily 1: numerous friends—for he is looked upon ivi a kindly" curiosity by everyone—give h presents of money and an abundance of liqu the result being that he often finishes 1 holiday in the lockup. Billy is very defc cntial to his superiors, and yesterday mor ing, on appearing in the dock at the Ccnb I*oIice Oourt for drunkenness, he saluted smart military style the P.M., and then 3 M'Cormick, the solicitor, who was the ne: most important looking personage prcsei Mr Heron said he would like to know wit were in the habit of giving the prison liquor: hut it was not to he expected tb Billy would tell. Of course be got the drii at Birrcgurra. He promised, as usual, to j away by tlie next train, " Don't come ha again. If you do yon will he sent to gaol said Mr Heron, but Billy convulsed the cou by replying, with the air of one who had duty to perform, "Oh, I've got to con down on Saturday to barrack for the Gceloi footballers, sir; they'll never win if I diiln come." Mr Thomas Weightman, of Meredith, has lodged with the clerk of the local warden court an application for a lease to carry on mining operations under the Mining on Pri vate Property Act, on an area of 20 acres at Bamganie. The applicant proposes to invest £300 in the working of the land, and to form a company to be called the Bamganie Extended Quartz Mining Company. The application will be dealt with at the next sitting of the warden's court at Meredith. According to the Ahjms there is not mue likelihood of the Public AYorks departing agreeing to the proposal that the work i widening and deepening the channel in Corio Bay should he performed by the Yc Schmidt dredge,owned bj"Mr George Higgin as had been suggested, for it is believed that retaining wall to contain the sand raised fro: the bar at the entrance to the hay won have to he erected near Point Henry, at cor siderable expense. In addition to that tl residents of Elwood have asked tlic Inspecti of Public AYorks to receive a deputation froi them on AYednesday to protest against an further delay taking place in reclaiming tl swamp there by extending the "time of tl contract for the completion of that work so a to permit of the "Yon Schmidt dredge hem Eeut to Geelong. AYith reference to the offe made by the Otago Harbor Trust to sell t the Government a dredge belonging to it which is at present being hired bv tin Harbor Trust to deepen the buy off the Williamstown piers, so as to enable the Public Works department to hasten the deepeuni" of the channel at Corio Bay, Mr Puttcrson has declined to-accept the offer, as it would not pay the Government to purchase an ex pensive dredge solely for the purpose of per forming that work. The weekly. meeting of the Gceloir' Orchestral Association took place last even ing. The president stated that lie, the lion secretary, and several members, as a mark of respect to their valued member^ Mr Dietrich had attended the funeral obsequies of his late lamented wife that afternoon, and that a letter of condolence had been prepared which he would read, and request all members to sign. He further proposed that no baud practice take place that eveniug, hut that immediately after the orchestra had played the "Dead March in Saul," as a further tribute of respect, the members adjourn This was accordingly done, after the lctterof condolence had been signed and a directiou given to the bon. secretary to forward the same to its destination. The Spencer-street (Melbourne) rnilway platform is being so altered as to allow of tiie western, or old Essendon platform, beum utilised for country trains. Hie neccssare alterations, including the erection of a uew tickot office, have now been completed, and after Tuesday next all the western trains including those for Ballamt, Geelon-' port Fairy, and Adelaide, will be despatched from the now platform, tickets being obtainable from the new office at the end of the plat form. The change will enable the count™ trams to be worked much more convenientlv than at present. ■' ,, Tk® following gentlemen have signified their intention to stand as candidates for the wardenship of the Melbourne Uuiversitv— Mr .Tolm Simeon Elkington, M.A. LL B - Mr William Edward Johnston,MA."' T.T.V' Mr Thomas Patrick M'Inerncy, M.A, LL 13 The voting paper is now being sent out, and the election closes on the 20th of September at noon. 1 Plain-clothes Constable Patrick Macma iiamv, who w:is charged with misconduct as a constable, and also with committing au assault on a superior officer, lias been re primanded and cautioued against a repetition Police1 COndu°fc by the Uhicf Commissioner of The remains of King Billy, aged about SO, the last of the Upper Laelilan tribe, wero found m the camp near Bathurst on Sunday Deatli was found to have been due to senile debility. The work of eradicating the plivlloxera m still procecdmg in Hew South""Wales The estimated cost will be £10,000. Mrs Hague begs to acknowledge with thanks on behalf of the Ladies' Benevoleut Society, the sum of £5 from Mr J. Magor, of Bell Post Hill. Messrs Gurr and Co. advertise a sale bv auction to-morrow, at the rooms, of furniture glassware, crockery and sundries, at half-rait 12 o'clock. 1 .A- special service will lie held this evenin-* at St. Paul's Church, wlieu the Rev. IV C Pritcliard will he formally inducted to 'the charge of the parish. The anthem "Send out Thy Light" has hecn specially composed for this occasion by the organist, Mr Consterdinc. _ m.to 1® given this evening in tho Public Hall at Birrcgurra, under the manage ment of the Birrcgurra Coursing Club. ° A farewell tea and public meeting to Colonel and Mrs Barker will be held in the Salvation Army barracks, hi Malop-strcct. This evening a meeting of the East Geelon" Football Club will be held in the Kelson HoteF Malop-strect. ' Xcxt Monday evening a meeting of the Gcc long shareholders of the Union Property. Tramway and Investment Company will beheld in the Exhibition Hall. This evening St. Andrew's in the South Lodge of Freemasons will meet in the Protestant Hall, in. Yarra-strect. Tenders arc invited through our advertising columns for the purchase of the stock-in-trade and goodwill of the business of htr A. Ciith bertson, painter and decorator, of Moorabool strcct. Mr E. .T. .Tones directs attention to unreserved sale tins (lav at 1 .-'JO o'clock, on the gromid.back of Church of England parsonage, Xewtown. of building for removal, galvanised iron, building material, fencing, mantels and grates. Wo are requested to direct attention to an ex tensive sale by Mr II. F. lticliarOsoii. in the Ex hibition Hall, commencing at 2 p.ui., this dav. of (lowering anil foliage plants, hanging bas kets, anil ferns of ail descriptions from oue of tho leading Melbourne nurserymen. 