Induction of Rev. F. Bevan, B.A. X OONOEEOATioh numbering probably 250 parishioijors and friends assembled in the , Ohurobjpf England on Wednesday evening Jast to be oresent at the service and witness the induction of the Bev. F. Bevan to the inoumbeucy of Cooma parish. The ceren-ony \- was prefaced by the usual even song, which ?; -was read by the Rev. Mr. Bevan, while the ???' Rev. Canpu Bette, of Bombala. the induoonfr ?clergyman', remained -inside the communion rails. Prayers being ended and a hymn, ' Forever with the Lord,!' sung, the cere Xy was at once proceeded with, and was aghout of a most impressive character. After 'addressing the congregation as to ' purport; of the office of induotion, the Rev. Canon 'summoned to the front of the Holy (able the incumbent-elect of the parish, who ' in his turn was attended by several mombors '. of the congregation and church- -wardens, namely, Messrs. Gomm, Stewart, Love, and Gunning. Mr. Bevan was then admitted -within the altar rails, while the inducting -clergyman read the license of the Bishop, whereby the appointment wao confirmed. The reading of the license being concluded, the instating clergyman taking the incum bent By the right hand walked with him thus to the main entrance, followed by the four gontlemcn aboveraentioned, and placing ^jj5~fcand on ttao key of the door, spoke as \- .follows — ' I hereby induct yon into the real, ' actual and corporal possession of the incum beuoy of the Church and parish of St. Paul, with all its fruits, member? and appurten ances.' The key was then taken out and again replaced. It was once more removed by Jjfr. Stewart, who banded it to Mr. Love, who passed it to Mr. Gunning, who in turn -passed it ou to Mt. Gomm, who while hand ing it to Mr. Buvan spoke as follows— 'We, the lay- members of the Church of England in Cooma, present you with the key of this Ohurch, and heartily welcome you as pastor 1 of this parish.' To all these the incumbent anade answer— 'I receive the keys of the House of God as pledges of my induction, and promise to be a faithful shepherd over the flock committed to my charge, in the name of the Father, and of the Sou, and of the Holy Ghost.' All present next knelt, and a prayer for \- grace and help having been invoked, the -bymn ' Sun of my Soul' was Bung by the choir and congregation while the procession passed up the aisle once more. This hymn concluded, the inducting min ister banded to the incumbent a copy of the Sacred Scriptures, and also a copy of the Book of Common Prayer, exhorting him as ? follows—' Receive theso books, and Jet them be the rile of thy conduct in dispensing the Word of God, in leading the devotions of the people, and in exercising the disciplin3 of the Church ; and be tbou in all things a pattern to th*-flock committed to your charge.' The ?entire congregation then knelt and responded to the prayers offered on behalf of the new incumbent. Perhaps the most solemn part of the ser vice was the conclusion, in which the incum bent, kneeling before the Holy table, pre sented alone his earnest supplications for hiroBelf, solemnly invoking the assistance and blessing of God ou his body, soul and spirit, with every mental aud spiritual power, to be devoted to the service of God aud His people ? .in the parish of Cooma. The ceremony proper was now concluded by the inducting minister and each of the assisting laymen taking the hand of the in cumbent and bidding him a hearty welcome I and God- epeed, after which the hymn ' For ever with the Lord ' was sung, and the Rev. Canon Betts ascended (ho pulpit and took as his text the question of our Lord to St. Peter, ' Simon, son of Jonas, knowest thou Me?' The reverend gentleman preached a -most powerful and imprcssivo address, atid wax listened to with rapt attention totho end. He alluded in touching terms to the Ten. Archdeacon, who had for 37 years oc \- -cupied that pulpit with so much dignity ; one generation after another he had seen in iiis long ministry. Now Uo he had paused from amongst them to a well-earned rest, and to prepare for a final rest which belonged to the people of God. Ah for this parish one chapter, aud a long one, had closed, and a »ew orke was opening up. What was to be the writing inscribed thereon? Kay God grant that the inscription would be in golden letters of prosperity and advance in spirit and soul, and al*- of the grand old Church to which they and their fathers belonged. He prayed for God's blessing on their new minister. Flattering when he himself was present would be in bad taste, and would not not be liked by people or minister, therefore lie would not attempt it. That Mr. Bevan occupied his present position was sufficient evidence of his fitness, particularly when his successful labors in West Alanaro were re membertl.Jfo (the preacher) would strongly advfce mutual sympathy, mutual forbear ance, and mutual help, and then all would Sgo well, while the blessing of heaven would . ]L| abundMtly manifested, and as his text ^xBMted/the Blessed Saviour did not ask PeterTas many a church committee to- day would ask an incumbent, ' Are you ener cetioF Have you tact, and have yon educa tion and ability? No; first He asked, it 'JKjipwestthouMef'— that was the chief, ?fl that was the grand essential, that included I all the other questions that could be asked— I important as they assuredly were; without T'tbia one' thing they were lifeless, useless, it dead— 'KuowestthouMe?' And love to On their Master would embrace love to tleir * I Church. As an Australiau-born he spoke Hi with confidence to Australians. He invoked ft lttie joung to call to memory the history of IVlthiOtoirch of England, which always was 1 land always wruld be the history of England 1 liteelf and as the history of their Church was 1 KHorions and evoked noble feeling*, eo was 1 Iffie history of their country entwined iuex- 1 iricftbly w- it ; and as the brave heavto and I Ctoquering lives of Britons were strongly I fcoo&d; in Australia, eo was and should be the Churoh^hloh nourished tHeir^aMptiBtnrad' Godly devotion rooted eternally Ifl- tbe.Bio testant heart of this southern land.. The Greek warrior who left bis native land took with him to the snoat distant shows the ashes of the saored fires of his beloved Greece, and: on those ashes were kindled the flames of the other saored fires which warmed the ex ile's heart when far from home. So with the Church of England ; the saored fires of home were borne here across 16,000 miles of ocean, and the light from those revived flames would shine on the dark paUi of futurity for Australia, and the Church of England would be a tremendous power for .warmth, for patriotism, for devotion, for love to God and love to man— ic which alone rested tLeir on ward progress in time and in eternity. The speaker was evidently much affected by the subject of his discourse, which he treated in an eloquent and masterly manner. The 'Old Huudrcdth' was then Bung, a-id the service wits concluded with the bene diction. 