GIPSY ISAIAH'S BLUE-EYED WIFE. . ?-:. BTrott farm house was the loneliest. Not a house bleak hillsides, scantily clothed with scrubby pines, grim, black-boughed evergreen woods, and pasture lands, where the cattle huddled in the corners of the fences to escape the knife-like point of the keen west wind ! - And, of a prrav sunny afternoon like this, with the sullen rush of the. river booming in the valley below, and a knot of crows, cawing mournfully in the tree tops above the farm-house roof, it was lonelier still. Mr. Trott was iu the kitchen, with a solder-kettle bubbling over ihe fire ; ',c was mending, a huge kettle wherewitn lie proposed to rifle the sweetness of a neighboring grove of maple trees, in the coming month of March. Mrs. Trott was studying out the complicated pat tern of a new device in patchwork, lent her bv a friend, with half a dozen blocks of Turkey red, four of white and two of corn-colored calico; and Deborah, the only daughter, was trimming over her Sunday hat with newly-ironed pink rib I K/mic nnrl n -.1ns*f»r nF jirfcifminl rosebuds which she had bought cheap at the clear ing-off sale of the Stoekbridge milliner — and all three were silent. Suddenly , the clock ; struck, witli a whirring sound, like an asthmatic locust! 'Is that four o'clock?' said Mr. Trott. still nuzzling over the blocks of Turkey red. ' That's four o'clock,' said Mr. Trott, looking into the boiling silvery mass over the stove. ' We shall have to light a candle soon,' said Mrs. Trott. For she had never seen that modern abomination, a gaslight, and made it her boast that 110 drop of kerosene had ever crossed her threshold. She burned symmetrical white candles of her own running, in old fashioned brass candlesticks with snuffers and extinguishers to match. 'I won der whore Isaiah is? We need new logs for the sitting-room lire to-night. Squire Draper's son told me he should drop in, in a friendly way.' Pretty Deborah frowned over the bunch of rosebuds ; she was a dimpled blue eved irirl. (mite unaccustomed to the business of frowning, so that it was rather an effort to contract her bronze brown features. * 'Isaiah,' slowly 'repeated Mr.Trott, still intent 011 the kettle. ' Why, I've sent Isaiah over to Marshall Hill's with that fifty dollar bill !' Mrs. Trott dropped her spectacles. ' Thetims Trott ! You hain't never !' cried she. .. -tr t 1. ....u _ ? 1 mi.. ? ? 'lea L nave, . siuii luuuius ' Why shouldn't I ? Whitefootis lame awl I've no notion of walking over to Hill's with my rheumaticky old bones. And the interest 011 my note is due to day, so I just give it to Isaiah, and told him to step lively and get back before dusk.' Mrs. Trott drew an ostentatiously long sigh. ' Then you may be very sure of cue thine. Trott,' said she, 'You'll never see neither Isaiah nyr that fifty-dollar hill again.' ' Why not '!' said her spouse, staring. 'Because Tsniah belongs to a gipsy race, anu bccause all our neigni)oif- ati vised us not to take him in when we did.' ' He's worked just as well as if there wasn't gipsy blood in liiin, hasn't he?' demanded the fanner, sternly. ' I don't say but what he has,' ad mitted Mrs. Trott. ' I only know .that what's bred in the hone, won't scrub out of the flesh, and it'll be just, like Gipsy Isaiah to cut and ruii with the fifty-dollar bill. And you're a bigger fool than I took you for, to trust a wild fellow like that with so much. 'solid money.' But here pretty Deborah rose, flushed and panting, from lie: chair. ' Mother !' she cried, her blue eves all aflame, ' you shall not talk so ! Isaiah is as true and good and noble as it the blood of kings ran in his veins.' ' Hoity-toity !',' cried Mrs. lrott iu amazement. ' And what is Isaiah Blackburn to you ?' ' Just this,' said Deborah; 'that I am engaged to him.' ' Engaged to— marry him ?' ' 'Yes — to niarrv him.' ... '-'-Debby,:' said Mrs. Trott, ' arc you. crazy ?'' ,' I love, him, mother,' Debby . simply made response. 'Aud he loves me and we are to be married as soon as lie has laid up a little money to rent a farm of his own.' : ???.,! /»-dced !' said Mrs. Trott, frowning darkly. ' And your parents' ; consent, I suppose, is a matter of no consequence, whatever ?' : ; h , « We thought, mother,' said JDebby, with downcast eyes, 'that von would offer 110 objection to what would, make me so very happy.' ; ' v., ': ' Perhaps,' frigidly, added. Mrs. lrott, ' Yon don't kno.r that ' Orlando. JJraper is coming to-night, with the especial; in tention of making an offer of marriage to you— Squire Draper's son, with a red brick house and a bank account at Stoekbridge.' ' Then he may a'o away again, said Debby, resolutely. ' For I never, never will marry any one but Isaiah Black burn !' t . 'A stray gipsy lad, brought up 111 tlie woods, with nobody knows who for his father, and a knack ; for chickensteal ing at his finger's ends,' sneered Mrs. Trott. 'Mother !' pleaded the girl. « 7\W. Tlotsv. don't.' said the farmer; ' That ain't fair. Isaiah's as good a. a young chap as ever stepped. And if you'll just remember [ was as poor as any gipsy of the lot. when first we mar ried; Deborah's me only child, and she shan't be teased ! Come here, Pussy, aud give the old father a kiss.' ? ! Anil the stormy February afternoon darkened into snowy nightfall, and Debby gazed wistfully down the road, wondering why he: lover had not re \- ' He has had time to go to Marshall Hill's and back twice,' she said to her self. ' 'It is strange,' said Mr. Trott. ' Tsnin.li ain't one to loiter, in general.' ' 'Didn't I tell you' so?' said Mrs. Trott. ' You'll never see neither Isaiah nor the money again.' _ _ And when nine o'clock ctvinc Mr. Trott put the horse into the old-fashioned red cutter, and climbed resolutely on tlie seat. ' Lame or not lame,' said lie, ' Old Whitefoot has got to take me over to Marshall Hill's to-night.' 'It's 110 use,' said Mrs. Trott, drily. ' You'll find the bird has H0W11. He can pick up a foolish girl anywhere, but fifty dollar bills ain't so easy to get at.' . . 'Father, can't I go too?' piteously urged Deborah, stung to the quick by every malicious word and accent of her ''other; ' No, daughter ; 110, said Mr. lrott, T won't, be lonsr. And you're best off at home.'' He drove away into the white vail ot flying snow, the bells ringing with a muffled sound, and Old Whitcfoot's breatn rising 111 , a tumiim 0^..... through the uncertain darkness. 'Isaiah?' said stout old Marshall Hill. ' Of course, he's been here. Paid me that there fifty-dollar interest money, and I give him a receipt four hours ago. Ain't lie got home yet ?' And Thomas Trott scrambled once, more into the sleigh and drove rapidly away. Upon a dreary side hill, where to the left a steep precipice extended almost perpendicularly downward, and a fir oWlinrl ehinn seemed to reach upward to the right, Old Whitefoot stopped sud denly. Thomas Trott caught up his whip with energy. . it, old fellow,' cried ho. ' ^ ou shied just so when wo came by before.' But all in vain, the whip descended. Whitefoot stood with bristling inane, distended nostrils, and four feet firmly implanted in the .snow, obstinately re fusing to proceed. ' I declare,' cried the farmer scratch ing his puzzled head, 'it I was a be. liever in things, I should a'most think Whitefoot saw a ghost.' At that moment there came a brief lull in the storm and tempest, nnd as Farmer Trott sat there he heard a groan. ' It ain t tlie olil pine tree ereaKing, said he, ' nor yet it. aint the wind.. It's something human.' And straining his eyes through the snow illuminated darkness, he saw a figure crouched in a crevice of rock half way down the steep precipice, clinging to a duster of stunted savin bushes. ' Help !' it cried feebly. ' Help ! help !' .. HWa t.u. !' said Farmer Trott. 'it s our Isaiah !' And so it wiis. Plodding homeward from his errand, his foot had slipped in the storm nnd darkness, and fulling half way down the hill, hu had broken his leg and badly bruised himself, only escaping I from a still more disastrous late by hold ing desperately to the savin roots. ?' I don't know what I should have done if you had not heard my voice,' said he. ' I could not have held on much longer.' ' And you may thank Old Whitefoot. for that,' said Mr. Trott,, as he helped Isaiah into the sleigh. 'He'd a-stiipped 011 the way down if I would have let him.' So Isaiah Blackburn reached the old farm-house safely «t last, where Debby and her mother were anxiously sitting up, and told his tale. Mrs. Trott burst into tears, j ' Isaiah,' said she. ' T spoke evil of you, and I'm sorry for it !' And Deborah's blue, tear-wet eyes spoke all, that was needed 011 her part. . i'liev were married in the early spring, and Isaiah vented half of the Trott farm, and lives in the wing of the old house, a select tenement of three rooms, with his blue-eyed wife. ' I do believe, Debby,' says her mother, 'you've got the best husband in the world . ,1. ; 1 ; Ancl;Debby, playfully parodying her mother, saj's : ' Didn't I tell you so ?' 