Ituthciglcn nail Wnligunyah Cougrcp tionnl Ch ureh. CUDINATIOX OK THE UEV K. C. MOLTEN. Wednesday last wn9 a red letter (lay for (tie mein tiers of the- Riithergleiu Congregational' Clmreh, it lining ■ iin oeonsion that they should, not forget for, ninny n day, on neeouiiL of receiving officinlly the Rev IS. C. llolten ns' their pastor. The service ..took place nt tin* Rntherghm Church, in thonfiorunnii, at .tlo'en o'clock, tliere lieing present a iiiiinlier (if nieniliers from both the llullioiglen and Wuhgtinynh Churches, and the onlination ceremony was per formed by the Rev G. G. Ilowdcn, of Ivow, Chairman of .' .the,, Congrega tional Union of Victoria. and the Rev. Professor Gnsmer, of the Congregational College, Melbourne. After the singing of the 818 hymn, “ Head over nil things to the Church,” tho Rev G. G. Ilowdcn gave a prayer and read several verses from the biblc, after which ho stated that it wns the custom of their clmreli, before accepting a candidate for the Ministry, to ask him several questions, which lie had to answer to the satisfaction of the ministers of the church nnd the congregation present Tho first question he had to put to Mr Holton wns—(1.) “ As a prcucher of the Gospel must himself be a,Christian', what rensons have yon for believing yourself to be a subject of. Divine Grace? .-In answering this question wo shall bo glad to hear' something of your religious Mr Holton, in replying, stated that ho knew ho was subject to Divine Grace, jin other words, ho wns a Christian, and lie could say so from tho bottom of1 his heart's conviction, as'he believed in the Lord Jesus Chiist. lie knew so, ns it had manifested itself in ' certain ‘‘yrny&'t He had nsked God’s forgiveness' of-’sins,1 ns he knew he wns .responsible to Him and. .expected an answer for Jesus Christ’s sake. He was desirous of boing what, Christ wns—pure, holy.nnd good. As a disciple and follower or tho Lord Jesus, he wns a Christian ; ho made no vain boast of it, as he know ho wns a follower and acknowledged Jesus Christ as his mnster, nnd would give Him his obedience and bo ns lie commanded. lie could say before his examiners and the congregation that ho was a Christian of Divine Grace; As to his religious history, lie.:.was not always what ho wns—inspired by Divine Grace. lie could well remember when ho first felt it, it was sitting in the choir in Williamstown, when the Rev ; J. J. Halley wns preaching a sermon. Ho could not say that lie remembered the text or all tho words, but they so impressed him that lie began to tliink, and he; could never forgot the profound impres sion flint sermon made on his mind. He wrote to Mr llnlfey anil afterwards visited him, and he told him (the speaker) to accept Jesns Christ as his mnster and He would accept him, nnd God would for Jesus sake., From that date his religious history began, ■ At times ho had got into a valley of carelessness, nnd felt, the chill of coldness, nnd at times ho had enjoyed a seam of the closest fellow ship with God his father, nnd would renew his determination to follow Christ closely, nnd to do his duty wherever God put him. In 1883 he had determined to give himself to the work of Christian Ministry, and hnving the opportunities, studied.for it, and had given himself up to Christ’s work. That was’ a short history'of his religious life: Thu Rev Chairman stated that their young brother had replied well, and the next question wns—{2.) “ Wlmt, in yonr opinion, are' the leading doctrines of the Divine Word, and especially the peculiar, tenets of Christianity 7” . Mr Holton slated that his answer to, this was.that there was no oLhor doctrine' but that, of Jesus Christ whereby they could be saved. If they looked upon the doctrine through Christ, nnd Christ alone, they, were following tho right thread, and his,feelings told him so. That wns what lie believed was the doctrine of the word, of-God. He believod in God, the'Father Almighty. Maker of Hcnven and earth. He'beliqved in God nnd tho security of God, nnd that the form of-Divine Service is proper. Tie believed that the lliblo wns "the inspired word of God, not merely'"ri" book printed or written in heaven, and sent down ; but tho records of God to man, and"1 records' of God's works' and’ providence.' God was spoken oE. as throe persons, and ho believed so and followed it, nnd hoped to be convinced anil inspired in,liis belief. Ho believed ip, .tho-Holy, Ghost and tho Resurrection. 1 He beliered God lived in a better nnd brighter world above, nnd when this life wns past they entered into another life, different in some things nnd similar to others, which would bo more blessed and holy, lie believed in tho snlvation of Jesns Christ, nnd that Christ lived, died nnd roso again. Tho Rev Chairman stated that they wore well satisfied with Mr Holten’s replies to tho questions, but thero wns another, in fact two or three put into one, as follows (8). “Why do you wish to enter tho Ministry ? Why do you prefor the Congregational Ministry ? And how do you propose to cxrccise your office?” Mr Holten stated, in reply to “ Why did ho wish to enter the ministry ; ” because ho had the talent for it, and a talent that would improve by proper culture, and he intended to improve it ns much as possible. He entered tho Ministry beenuso ho thought ho wnR suitable foij it ns a Christian, nnd that as a Christian! it wns his duty to givo himself to tho work of God. When he was a class tonchor in the Sunday School tho work fell upon him ns a plensnrc, nnd he now wisliod to enter the Ministry beenuso ho considered it his duty. In reference to tho question “Why did ho prefer tho Congregational Cliutch,” Beenuso ho wns brought into this kingdom in,tho Congregational : .Church nnd had always boon ,n member of it. ills; ,diaj..iistudied all tho ,,, various, issues;, and,, considered the '.Congrega tional Churoli Government was .the .best suited, for, tlw democratic age, and - that the. , dootrines, it followed was . .thatJ qf , God| ;i rie prqppsfld to exorcise/, his office ns a minister,1 as;„a maq. and a ,bK0tbw,>V»41«8- agontlomap.y^.ije^id^ot mean as.a.man t)mt,,wprq,aj good,»nd a largo 'balnnco, hut as n.mai^ pftpq a , gontloinan, ^liquid, i, by. nlWflg, j ©Rorougj upright, and honeBt,^ He would exercise , , ‘ fili; fi 1.. n;) V' '5 i Vii’. --'J .5if v‘ •*.. '• •- I ! ■■■ 11is functions liy .sill.lies and digging into dud's book—iho Liible, nml imparting tho,pcarUiind tronsurus.he' fourkI;-’:to, his. CnligVogntinu. 11 they followed him, lie would' follow ■ the LuriV 1 Christ. He wanted (o do all tnat a Christian minister •ought to do, and try and make thimi • live bettor lives. • (: The iPev., .Chairman staled that. Mr Hoi ten lmd. answered his questions well, and die, and thOjRev ProfessurGoamn.n lmd pleasure: ig‘jexttmcliim,(o himjfliesr rjmmls; ■iis .brothers on.lie Ministry of the Con gregational Chin eh, l..tiuv,v; . .td.-Q'. 'hT;:'. custom to receive their new brethren into the Ministry with a special prayer, in which he wnskledicated '• to ; the work; of; the. Ministry- 'of1'life ' : Congiegniionnl Church by them, placing their hands on his head. ,Tlie^Rov gentleman i.tliqu: said a very impressive' prayer, 'itr 'which’ lie dedicated the Rev. K,.C. Holton to the work of the MinisJjy: pf_r:}he Congrega-. tionaL.Church. v'" ( Tho congregation- liaving sung hymn 897\. thc|Rcv. Chaifenan .introduced the. . Ri-v l’rofcssor Uosman, who dclivoo d an excellent address. The. Rev gentleman stated tinit before leaving Melhourno, Mr Tlulten’d lellbw sludonls, had wislicd him (tins speaker) to coiivey thuir. bost wishes to Mr. 1 Holton, and hri .'considered',no occnsinii was more fitting than the present .to . , do! so. lie 'congratulated- : the congregation on having selected ; Mr I-Iolten, who, he woiiid assure them," was a thorough Chiistian, .and one . that would, do nil lid could' td''assist them along. He ’ivas^in a position to.speak of. Mr. IJoIten, For lie lmd hcen under his charge at the Congiogatirinsl 'iCidlcge,. . whore ,l,Mr.: Tibltcn i had studied, ;a.nd; .was/ highly pleased to see the manner in which,he,lmd. | answered his,questions! .all :of.;.which lmd been answered in: a,piper, honest, upright and straightforward nmmier. The Rev. gontlepmn then went on to illustrate the duty-qf a minjstjdruto j' hisV'Cbrigi-egrMibn-,, riiidtlmt of the‘oohgfegati6hi toThpir mini idlef, there was no doubt.. if the cqngrcga-; tion did- their duty the ministur would do his. The'/if disl'.ourt-e : yrns .a>.lengthy one, andjl!wnsiil listened, to with . rapt attention. ’. 1'ha singing of the .'lloxology ■ brought tlie 'ceremoiiy to a close. Miss Ilaig, of iWahgiinyahVpresidihg’ntthe organ. 