LOCAL AND GENERAL NEWS. In consequence of the lecture to-morrow night by the Bev. Peter Aston, the usual meet ing of the P.Y.M. Guild will not be held. A named J. Ellis was fearfully injured by an explosion of dynamite at the Major's Creek mine, New South Wales, on Wednesday. Ellis, who has a wife and twelve children, escaped from instant death by little short of a miracle. Ik connection with the Pioneer (Warwick) Lodge ol the Loyal Orange Society, a tea meet ing, lecture, and ball, will take place in the Town Sail on Wednesday evening, July 16. Dr. Batledge, of Sydney, will deliver a lecture on the o6oasion. Mboapbone, ibb best Queensland colt that has been seen for several years, and who has now won over £1500 in stakes for his owner, was sold for 90 guineas only at Ur. John Finnie'e last sale. An offer of £1200 for the colt was lately refused by his owner, Mr. O. Brown. It is stated that the Railway Commissioners will not insist on the enforcement of the regu lations with regard to life insurance of all railway employees where. the employee is a member of a friendly benefit society. This provision will probably meet with much approval. A lfctcrk will be delivered in the Protestant Hall to-morrow (Thursday) night, by the Bev. P. Aston, tir&nd; Secretary of the Independent Order of Oood Templars, the subject being " Drags on the WheelB, and how to Bemove them." The admission is free, and all persons are invited to attend. The Bev. O. J. Legate will take the chair. In beplt to the oiroalar from the Mayor of Brisbane pointing oat the rate of interest charged by Government on loans to local authorities, the Hinobinbrook Divisional Board (northern districts) has stated that as Separa tion wonld shortly tike plaoe, and there would then be an adjustment of aocountB the Board did not consider it necessary to interfere in the matter. Ix ts notified in the Government Gazette that the Governor-in-Oounoil has ordered that, in regard to the divisions of Inglewood and Boson thai, which were constituted separate divisions in April, 1889, the Inglewood Divisional Board shall pay to the Bosenthal Divisional Board the sum of £621 lis lOd, in full settlement of all olaims and matters of account between the said divisions. Tbe QDiBTEBLY general meeting of the E. D. H. and A. Association will be held in the back room of the School of Arts, to-morrow after noon. The business is important, viz., the election of seven members of committee, and the consideration of Mr. E. L. Thornton's no tioe of motion to ask the ratepapers to grant tbe use of the Northern 'Beoreation Square for 1 tbe purposes of a show and sports ground. ins two extremes in courtship followed by marriage. In Boxrah, August, 1819, Mr. John Bate, of Willi&mstown;, Mass., to Miss Mary Ann Base, of the former plaoe, after a courtship of one hour. Married at Bridgewater, December 15, 1778, Oapt. Thomas Baxter, of Quinoy, aged 66, to Miss Whitman, of the former place, aged 67, after a long and tediouB courtship of 48 years, whioh they both sustained with uncommon fortitude. The Judge is the title of the latest addition to the Queensland press. The first nnmber was issued on Saturday last. It is raey, lively, amusing; well- illustrated, the likenesses of the leaders in politios, bar, ohuroh, stage,1 &c.;, being excellent. The paper promises to be an impartial but caustio judge of " men and things," so some of our leaders may look out for being plainly spoken to or about. The Judge is sure to command what it deserves to reoeive, viz., a large amount of support from all classes ot the community. The followino persons havo been appointed by tbe Government a Fire Brigade for the town of Warwiok under tho name and designation of the " Warwick Fire Brigade" James Helion, William Collins, William Dobson, J. Henry, J. Devlin, W. Allison, Geo. Chapman, Michael Bergin, Donald Molnnes, Jas. Devlin, Frederick Meyers, J. A. Ferguson, Albert E. Lewis, David Crombie, Marcus Bennott, Geo. Bell, Samuel Ferguson, Thomas Dixon, Edward King, Philip Beibelt, Walter Henderson, Wm. Stewart, Alfred Ferguson, Charles Saunders, and J. Robertson. Mu. Fiuke Linooln, tho oelebrated humorist, will give one of bis popular entertainments in the Town Hall this (Wednesday) evening. This famous "funny man" is very highly spoken of by the American and New Zealand Press. He is said to have kept his Sydney and Melbourne audicnccB (where ho has lately been performing) in roars of laughter—in fact hie humour is Baid to bo irresistible. Mr. Lincoln should be able to command a good houce this ovening, and we believe that a treat is in store for those who wish to have a really good night's amusoment. To a ConnnsroNiinNr.—" James Allan"— Your letter shall appear in our next. JoKEni Sm.E has been sentenced to 10 years' ponal servitude for forging S00 l-£ notes, Tim cvi.iivtnos of rice is about to be tried by several farmers in the Ilawkcsbllry dibtricls. Shv/iiui, TirongANUR of applications have been put in for (125 vacancies in the Victorian Railway Department. Uoveenob Nomun ia confined to bis bed room, and symptoms of a Bovore attack ot la grippe are apparent. It is stated that the Queensland Government intond to imposo a duty of a half- penny on oil Queensland newspapers. Tiik Bev. C, J. Ijegate, M.A,, of Warwick, conducted divine eervioe in the Presbyterian Church, Toowoomba, on Sunday InBt. The onEAT horse Trenton was bought fit the sale of the Hobartville stud by Mr. \V. B. Wilson, of St. Albans, for 3000 guineas. The nuNFALL from Mayl, 1889, to May 31, 1890, in New South Wales was 102'00in., n record unprecedented in the history of the oolony, P. Goodfellow, an old Dalbyite, late Laud Commissioner at Ingham, wasseatcnced to two years',imprisonment on Friday last at Towns ville for embezzlement. It is rumoured that O'Connor, the American oarsman, did a phenomenal trial over the champion course on Saturday last in 19J inin,, thus beating the record. The Engim'.kh of Bridges, Mr. Brady, is now on a visit to this district, for the purpose of inspecting the new bridge now being con structed over the Condamine near Killarney. John Buchanan end John Thomas Farnham wero acquitted on the charge ot manslaughter iu connection with the recent railway accident, at Farley, on the Great Northern ltailway at Sydney on Friday last. A Sydney telegram states that Mr. Wright, member for Glen Innes, and Mr. Perry, member for Richmond, fought three rounds in the parliamentary refreshment rooms before they could bo separated. O'CosNon's hepbesentative has announced that he will not make a match with Kemp until O'Connor's match with Stansbury, whioh event takes place on Monday next on the Par ramatta for £500 aside. The Bev. Father Horan, our popular parish priest, lias been on a visit to Dal by, and was the RueBt of his old colledge friend, Father Byrne. He preached both morning and even ing in St. Joseph's Church, Dalby, on Sunday. A public meeting of working men was held on Monday at Ciirns, to petition the Govern ' ment to advance to the corporation more I money in order that employment may be given to a number of men who would otherwise remain out of work. Mehuebs of the Royal Arch Chapter in con nection with St, George's Xodge, Warwick, are reminded that the adjourned quarterly com munication will be held to-morrow (Thursday) evening, when all companions who can make it convenient should attend. Fankt Flow, a single woman, was charged at the Cairns Police Court on Friday with killing her illegitimate' child, the body of whioh was found, supposed to hare been newly born, on a vacant Allotment on Saturday last. The acoused was remanded. An exchanob says " it is rumoured that the Governor of Queensland is anxious for his time to expire to bB oft." Somehow Queensland is not a popular Vice- Regal resort, and nono of our Governors have been sorry when they have shaken its dust from their shoes, Moist Moroah (Q.) gold mine bas up to now Said two millions pounds sterling in dividends; token Hill Proprietary silver mine flS.S.W.) has in five years just paid four millions of pounds profit, and the experts say they have as yet" merely scratched the surface." Theee is likely to be a serious row in tbe New Sooth Wales Parliament over the late railway accident at Bathurst. The occurrence was inquired into by the Department, but the Opposition are not satisfied with this investiga tion, and demand a private inquiry. ■ Thfs the Government refuse to concede, and this the Opposition say they are determineato have. As am example of what ean be done in the way of fruit growing in the western parts of the oolony there has been forwarded to the Department of Agriculture by Mr. W. Allan, MX.A., specimens of navel oranges grown at Bt. George. The flavour of tbe oranges to very fine, and the size is much abore tbe average, one of the specimens weighing 16oz. In AaEiroBrutf I The Boomerang states that a very handsome brass is to be plaoed in Bt. James's Church, Toowoomba, as a memorial' bf Miss Kate Barlow, who met her death by tbe wreck of the Quetta in February last. Tbe tablet has been subscribed for by Mies Barlow's numerous friends, and over a hundred guineas ; was oollected for the purpose of this graceful tribute to her memory, , A bbpobt iii current in politioal circles, and is understood to be reliable, to tbe effect that an influential politician waited on Sir 8. Griffith on Thursday, with referenoo to the possibility i ?tf COalit!°a being arranged between I the Liberal leader and Sir Thomas M'llwraith. A previous rumour had given some color to a! combination of this nature. The interview ! with Sir Samuel Griffith on Friday has made it clear that there is. no probability of suoh a coalition, in the ptesont olrcomstances, Tiib EACB-nonsE Banger, who was so severely kicked by Magic, when starting for the District Plate at Warwick last week, died from the effects on Friday. After the raee Banger ap peared to be suffering great pain, and he was sent away by first train to Toowoomba. The D. D. OazetU soys that all that veterinary soience and the best attention of the owner and his friends could do was unavailing, and the horse, after suffering aoutely and fighting Xinst death with all the pluck that pure id is capable of, gave op the ghost at 6.80 on Friday afternoon. Banger was by Young Sir Hercules, out of Florenoe, and was pur chased by Mr. Gentle in November last. We have to hand an illustrated seed catalogue from Messrs. Yates and Co., seed merchants of Sjdaey, which is beautifully sot up, and is the work of a Sydney house. The firm have adopted a new phase of attraction, viz., offering substantial prizes for vegeatables grown from seed supplied by them. In this way they are now offering the sum of £126, to be divided as follows:—Best Swede £15; the best brown Spanish onion £10; best mangolds £10111 and for a. variety of sorts cabbage, ctraliflower, carrots, lettuce, eto„ prizes of £5 making in all £125. Circulars of particulars may be had on application to the firm, and a few can be obtained at the office of this paper. "How 6ball we reach the massed ? " asks a religious paper. Dear brother, yon can best reach them with a spoon. Go for them with a knife and fork. Humanity's tender point is its paunch. The oonscienoe of man may be seared as with a hot iron, but his maw is ever opsn to impressions. His intoleot may be stunted, but his appetite is a giant. Take him to tbe concert or the theatro and he conies away to tbe nearest feeding place, where he may gorge himself before he sleops. The little struggling church that bankrupts itself still further by venturing On a lecture course finally lifts itself olear out of debt by a series of suppers. A man who will not pay 60 cents for a book will dump 1-SOdal. worth of dinner into his system. A picnic without 10 parts of food to one part of band is a flat failure, Wlien wo " rooeive " a distinguished guest, we feed him; when we say "good-bye" to an eminent citizen, we give him something to eat. We liavo a feast for the wedding- guests, luncheon to the watchers, and a light collation for the mourners. There arc a thousands restaurants to ono library—yea, more. By-and-bye, if the principals of evolution bo true, this world will be pooplud by a race of stomachB, willi let-Band arms. The logs will bo needod to Ja"y the stomach to the trough, and the arms to fill it up. ; 