Mt* mi ffcÄ*. FOR MONEY OR FOR LOVE. BY MONA. OAtKD, I [ALL KIO HTS BE8EBVKD.] I CHAPTER III. -Continued. Everyone spoke about the absent b,ost, and Evelyn alone had no theory to advance that might account for his non-appearance. She and her husband never epoko to one anothur ; a great gulf seemed to have opened between them. As soon as the hurried meal WBB over, a renewed search in the i)ule*obamber was decided on. " Not only must «re search tbe room itself, said Thainston, " but we must examine the underground passage th it John luckily told me of in case of illness or accident. It is quite possible that the roof may have partly fallen in in some places, and prevented his getting out ¿B he intended at the other end, where it opens into the ruins." This disclosure created some excitement, and considerable alarm, though no one liked to express it in Evelyn's presence. She did not raise her eyes. " lt is indeed lucky you know the secret, Mr. Thainston," said Mrs. Jardine. " What would have happened if he had not told you ?" He addressed his reply not to ber, hut to the lady « ho sat next her. " I knew the secret, too," ssid Evelyn. Her husband did not look at her as he said : " Your brother told mo th it you did not." " He was mistaken." She was playing with a handecreen, and kept her eyes averted. "Well let us begin our investigations," urged Stewart Pombar. Again the procession wound up the tower, this time almost in silence, and, headed by Thainston carrying the lamp, just as Douglas had carrier it the night before. The room was entered and the search began ; the secret exit being at once disclosed by Thainston. It was marvellously oonoealed : the opening, just large enough to admit a human being appeared, when shut, exactly like a part of the mantelpiece. "Kow I propose that the party should divide," said Tbainston. " One or two men will oome with me into the bowels of the earth, while the others searoh every corner of the houBe. We must leave no stone unturned in the solu ion of this mystery." " I will come with yon," said Evelyn. " No, no, yon cannot assist ns ; yon had better remain behind." neveral ladies repeated this sdvioe, think- ing that he feared some accident had taken place in the passage, the evidence of which would be too painful for her to witness. But she paid no heed to their persuasions. At the entrance of the passage she raised her eyes, and for a half seound met Thains ton's Btraight and full. He did not flinoh from her guee but seomed to meet lt steadily by an effort of will. " I nish you would not i come," he began. A flicker of agony passed aoross his face as she shook her head In silsnoe and passed on. Contrary to expectation the passage proved to be quite clear of obstruction. The exploring party, after a subterranean walk of about a mile, emerged through the archway, thrusting aside the undergrowth of weedB, and found themselves iu the open ruins. " Now let us first follow the path that he must have taken on his way back to the houBe," said Tbainston " We may find some clue en rout«." j Evelyn put out her hand to steady herself. ' Several unpleasant possibilities of disaster i suggested themselves BB they went along, bnt Evelyn's presence prevented everyone I from speaking of them. There was an old ; well into which it would be quite easy to i stumble, or Douglas might have been killed j by the falling of some of the masonry, which in some of the places wss known to be scarcely safe. Evelyn did not open her lips, exoept when someone spoke a cheering word, in a . tone betraying the speaker's pity for her in what ho felt must be an impendmg oaiamity. Her eyes followed every movement' of her husband ; she listened for his every syllable. He led the way now to the path that ran at the foot of the oaBtle walls, between them and the moat. Evelyn felt suddenly faint, and it was only by a strong effort that abe was able to follow the others, as Gilbert led them to the northern side, to the very spot whenoe she bad heard the splash, and seen him a minute afterwards return towards the house I The psth was a mere track, and from it the bank ran steeply to the water at its foot, livery now and tben they earns upon loose stones, , and then Thainston would call back in warning to his followers. In one place there was a complete block ; one of the battlements sssmed to have fallen across the path, and over this tbs lesder himself stumbled and fell. " That looks bad for poor Douglas I" the sceptical young man whispered to bis neighbour. Kvelyn followed, with a eiokening horror I that grew with every word or aotion of her I husband. "How eeo he do itl how dare j he I" She felt the cleverness and conning of his conduct, and saw how well it was succeed- ing. Were it not for a certain dreadful knowledge that abe alone possessed, how irresistible would have been the Inference he j was leading them all to draw-all exoept herself 1 Would to God she could be deoeived with the rest I The round of the ruins concluded, there seemed nothing for it but to return borne, leaving further investigations to the morrow. Still not a word passed between husband and wife. Once he seemed about to speak consolingly to her in a hesitating and embarrassed manner, but Evelyn had hastily interrupted bim, giving bim a nervous rapidly withdrawn glance which made him hold his breath and turn sharply away. That frightened, miserable, shrinking glanoe told him that his guilt was no aeoret from his wife, however cleverly he bad managed to deceive the others. He withed that ehe would disclose lt to all the world ; then with a passionate misery to go on playing this ghastly game, knowing tbat she knew, eec med impossible. Yet it had to be done. Evelyn gave no sign. On the follow- ing day Thainston had to give orders to have the well sounded, the falling masonry removed, and finally the moat dragged. Forseeing the tragic solution of the mystery, tbe people all left hurriedly, feeling them- selves in the way at suoh a time, Mrs. Jardine alone remained, and upon her devolved the duty of breaking to Evelyn the news of the discovery of the body of her brother tn the moat, nearly opposite the heap of stones over whioh Thainston had stumbled on the night of the search. The fact created no surprise, for the general expectation had leant towards thia result. The marks of a blow on the side of the head confirmed the conviction that the unfortunate man had fallen over the stones in the pathway, and being stunned by the shook, had rolled down the steep bank iuto the moat. Such was the verdict given after the iuqueat that im- mediately followed the finding of the body. CHAPTER IV. Evelyn took the news with unhoped for calmness. Mrs. Jardine was obliged, in the course of a week, to return to her own home ; but she urged upon Tbainston the necessity of sending his wife away from Oairnsmuir at once ; the shook had been too muub for her ; change of ecene was imperative. To this arrangement Evelyn apathetically oonBented, but her spirits did not revive, nor did she ever again resume her former manner towards ber husband. The gulf between them remained fathomless, though after a time she returned to him at Cairnsmuir and assumed her duties as mistress of the Castle. She took up her abode in the oldest part of the building-the ancient stronghold itself : and the two lives that were passed under the same roof never for a moment touohed. Absolute silence and reserve reigned between them. As time went on, Evelyn became thinner and more and .more ethereal In appearance, andjshe began to show consumptive tendenot- s, < : ? , , . .. .' J which hi4 long been tetrad by ber brother ind Mn. Jardine. Thelnston watched her wjth desperate anxiety, bat he dared not eren otter a remonstranoe against her reokleis exposure of herself, though he knew that she was throwing away the last little hope that there might hare been of saving har life. She need to wander desolately about the oold, deserted hones, going from room to room like some restless 'guilty spirit Shs refused now to mingle with her fellows ; would see no one, and discouraged all attempts of her friends to Induoe her to resume her old habits of life. Calrnimulr seemed a grief-stricken place. Mrs. Jardine'e gloomy prophecy had been fulfilled to the letter. About a year after the establishment of the new master and mistress at Cairnsmuir, old Buchanan, who had never held up hts head since John's melancholy end, was taken ill and died, Evelyn standing by his bedside, and reociving his last words. "Oh God ! if only I might die too I" A sense of unutterable desolation over- whelmed her ss ehe closed the eyes of this trusty friend of many years, who had loved her brother and herself from their childhood. Now she was left alone with her misery worse than alone I Seeing the heotio flush grow deeper every day on her cheek, and all the cruel symptoms of her fatal malady rapidly increase, Thaine ton at last in desperation ventured to break the awful silenoe. " Don't yon think that you ought to go away somewhere T" he said one day, on finding her eitting alone in the ohoerlees drawing-room doing nothing, ber eyes fixed on the carpet. "Go away somewhere?" she repeated vacantly. " You are ill ; this piece is too damp and cold for yon." She startled him by a laugh ¡ it was the first time she hsd laughed a tn ce her brother's death. " We have duties to the living, you know," the husband pursued in rather a shaky voice; your love is all buried In your brother's grave. You have none left for me." She looked at him in deep surprise. "And yon care about that?" ebe said, with a curious searching glance at his disturbed face. He raised his hands above his head. " Oh I Evelyn, don't yon kuow that your terrible hatred is driving me mad t" He was as pale aa Evelyn herself, and his whole frame trembled. "It is very strange," she murmured, covering her eyes with her hands with a gesture cf mingled bewilderment and misery. " Speak one kind word to me," he pleaded ; " will yon never wake up from yonr sorrow and love me again ! Will you let it kill you like thia!" He was about to touch her thin, flushed cheek, but she shrank away from him with a gasp, and be quickly withdrew his hand, turning, if possible, a shade paler than before. And then there was a long, miserable silence. It seemed the more dead and ominous for the I steady, fateful tioking of the dook, and the doll sighing of tbs rising wind outside. The afternoon was rapidly waning, the castle lay in the shadow; river mists were stealing up and dinging round the walls. Evelyn, whose gaze want psst her husband like a flying arrow unswervingly directed to some distant goal, seemed to be watching the darkness creeping on, the last gleam of rosy colour in the sky fading Into grey, the gloom of coming night deepening over the river and the woods beyond. In tho hollow a circular j film of vayonr lay banging like a white wreath I tn the dusk. A hoarse voice broke the still ' ness at lait. I " What ara you looking at, Evelyn !" "The m ie ta riling from the moat," ehe ! Mid. j " They rise so every night." I " I watch them every night," WSB the calm answer. He looked at her furtively, but made no I reply ; and presently, after wandering to and I fro from the window once or twice, as if trying to make up his mind to say something more, he went out and left hil wife alone. And no the days went by, and the gulf of ? separation between these two remained dark and deep as ever. Every night the mists stole up from the river, and the weird cloud-circle ross above the moat ¡ the winds beat upon the oastle walls and moaned in the brandies of the Dale tree, The old place had been allowed to go to rook and ruin | Thainiton was unexpectedly neglectful of the property that had fallen so suddenly into his hands. As for his wife said the neighbours sadly-she was dying of galloping consumption, and would make no effort to eave herself. The damp etains grew darker on the walu, and the mosses spread and spread in the large courtyard, while the imp* and demons became greener about their grinning months, as the water poured or dripped upon the paving atone* beneath. And still husband and wife lived on together in their gloomy borne, faolng one another at their cheerless table, always oold and oeremonious, as though they had been , perfect strangers. And for ever between them lay the secret known to both ; known, but held in unbroken silence. An unweloome third, it sat beside them at their hearth, stole by them like a ghost at twilight, or Sauntered before them with mocking gestures in the full glare of the morning, lt had become their constant oompanion ; and each knew well that it was present, and always present to them both. Evelyn seemed to be drifting rapidly away as the weelu went on. Eaoh time that her husband returned from his freqnent journeys he found her paler and thinner than before. The speotre that haunted them seemed to be drsining away har life. Thainiton watched her sinking dsy by day, and knew that her doom was sealed. He found ter one afternoon, lying on her ooueh in the deep recese of [her favourite window, whither it had been, wheeled that she might look out through the branohes of the Dule-tree to the river, which was now io flood, and seemed to be hurrying away as if grief-driven, to calm its trouble in the far-off sea. Th»inston hesitated, and then came forward. There was a look in her face as Bhe watched the hastening waters that sent a pang to his heart. He ventured timidly to sit down beside the couch. " Evelyn," he said in a broken voice, " this plaoe is killing you ; won't you be persuaded to leave it ?" " I have lived here and I shall die here," she answered. Then after a pause, " I shall die very soon now ; I feel death coming. I am hurrying away like that river-" She paused for bresth, and Gilbert stsrted up in alarm. " Look how it ÜB tearing over the stones," she went on ; " it cares for nothing if only it can get away from the burden of its sorrow. When it reaches the ssa and loseB itseli entirely, the poor little river will find peace at last." Thainston stretched out his hand towards her, but she drew away, not now in horror but with a look of hopeless grief. For such Srief the peace and immensity of the ocean of teeth waa alone the solace. Love and faith lay bleeding like some wounded bird that creeps into the grass to die in slow and lonely pata. Thainston was kneeling by the couch, his face covered with hi« hands. " Speak to me, Evelyn," he broke out ; "only speak to me. I am the most miserable man on the face of the earth 1 Have pity on me ; curse me ; strike me ; tell all the world what I have done :-anything rather than this horrible hatred and acorn. Oh, pity me I" "bo yon think I have not pitied you? That I did not know the horror of your life ? Erer since tbst night my heart has bled for you, even while I hated y<m, even while tho sight of you filled mo with loathing. My old love and faith and admiration died in torments, I could not hate and loathe you as 1 should have loathed and hated any other man who had done what you did ; 1 hated you more, a thousand times more I I suffered in your suffering, and when you seemed callous and unrepentant "-she gave a gesture of desperation-" sometimes I almost wi» bed that / had done the deed myself, rather than that you should have done ''It-«uvytblng teemed leu intolerable than that.'' He broke into a fit of terrible aobblng. Then, checking hlmeelf with a strong effort, he made several attempt» to speak, She waited patiently till he regained oontrol over his voice. "It was a horrible inspiration," he said hoarsely. " I must to! I lt yon all. I was-by my own fault-in tim power of a man who extorted money from me by threatening to disclose a disgraceful Benret. VVlion I met you I was penniless-deeply in debt ¡ it waa my passionate loee for you that temptud mo. I should have loat yon. On that very night he demanded a sum pinter than I had any possibility of paying : I was desperate-at any moment my happiness mimili luve been torn from me ; I-had taken u largo sum of money from-," " Leave that part of the «tory ; I under- stand enoueh." "That night your brother still he would sleep in the Dule-chamner awl cmppcar, sud by some horrible fatality ho actually told me the whole secret ninia- lt-" Tliair.stou wau breathing deeply. " Thon tile devil entered into mo, and gave me that accursed inspira- tion. Every detail flashed instantly in my mind ; I had no need to think it out. A picture came before in'.- : 1 saw him emerge alone from the passage through tho archway ; I Baw my own foim creep alter lum in tue darkness OB he went slung the path by the moat. I saw the heap ot fallen masonry, over which, in very tact, he b'.umbted. I saw rayBelf strike him a do Uli-Uuw nt the instant that he awayed, with OKI ni those murderous stones, and then roll thu lindy into tho moat. Even the minute particulars of the after search mapped themselves ont before me ; every event was boin iu my orain AB we two stood that night sii.t- hy pille in thc T)ulc chamber by the fireplace. A n.irt ii madness possessed me, X think ; you know ene wicked calm and cunning that hun pruventt-d even a suspicion of my crime ever since 1 committed it. But I am sane at laut, aed-(fouine/.'" There was a long süeuuc as ihainslon finished his confession. Hi', fact.' WJB turned away from his wife, sud he dared not look at her or rai*e his bowed head. She spoke at last in a low, weak voice. " I too have a tale ti tell before I die," she said. In a few broken sentence!" sire es plained in what manner she had become acquainted with the miserable secret " It was thc work of the Pivil-my purgatory is just over-yours-not yet. Now, come nearer," she whispered. He started forwsrd, sering the death change begin to steal across tier tare. Her moments and ber words were numbered. "Bury me beside bim, Gilbert"-she stretched out ber hand and laid it on bis head. " Let your own life be an atonement-I will plead for yon." Thc pause between each sentence was growing longer. Sli.i spoke in gasps. "I will tell him how you suffer atone-atone-do not tmtre yourself-we have loet eaoh other in this world-try-try and come to me in the next-I nhill be waiting for you- always." The wave of life was spent ; she sank back in the last dreadful struggle. " Ah I stay with me ! stay with me !" The miserable man stretched out his arms, clinging to ber desperately, and fail eobbing on his knees. But «he could no longer answer him, plead as he might. When two hours later the moonlight began to touch with silver the mist-wreath over the moat, and creep in through the branches of the Dole Tree, it left in quiet darkness the peaceful face of the dead woman, while it fell upon the haggard, distorted fentures of the man who still knelt beside ber, madly disputing her with Death in the frenzy ot hie intolerable anguish. THE END. 