In Darkest England, Sermon by Rev. W. Scott. The subjeot seleoled for the Rev. W. Scott's sermon at the Wharf streot Congrogat ional Church last evening was Gonoral Booth's now book, "In Darkest England and tho Way Out of It." In the course of a vory eloqnont andoarnest discourse tho preaohor said that tho book hod only reached him ton days ago, and it was not his intention to doal with the sohomo that evenlbg. It might bo asked at tho outset, why trouble himsolf about a sohomo which was essentially an Eoglish schema of philanthropy ? and his answer wus that it was certainly an English tcheme, affecting English povorty, misery, and despair, and to bo sup ported mainly by Eoglish liberality. But it was a looal sohomo, with a spirit refsreuco to uuivorsalism. It wbb a Christian sohomo, in which the wholo Christian sooicty of tho world were deeply interested. The same sooial pro blems stared us in tho face. Poverty and slum misery might not havo suoh a honry aspect here as in tho old country, but it existed within our social liuco, although the degree might bo lessened. Any well considered echemo, therefore, for tho lessening of tho oril at homo moot be of intenso interest to us hero. Taking ono sido of tho sitnation of Eoglish scoial misery — tho drink qnostion— tbo prnaohor assorted that at least four-fifibs of tbo outcast and destitute of London would bo ns well off as any of us but for tho drink. Givo thorn freedom from this ono temptation and thoir ohanoes would bo as good as unyouu's. Surely this con stitutes some relevancy to tho sooial lifo of tho oolonies. Tbo problems of tho unemployed, the homeless, tho drunkard, the prostitata, and all tho avenues of want and despair, whiuh lod to prostitution und tho gaol, touuhod ns as thoy touckod tho oldor English lifo. Ho felt certain of ono thing, and that was if Christ wore on sarth Ho would bo found rosouing tho perishing. This book to him om- bodicd more of the call of the Son of Man than he had over heard before, and he rccognisod it ss ono of the diatinot utterances of tho Saviour. It seemed to be rceorvod to the Sal vation Army to lead as pioneers in tho work oi sooial regeneration. Tho cirouustanoes of tho agency, tbo ohaiaoter and experience of its workers, inspired confidence. Tho ohuroh bad fallen from tho high place whioh was designed for it in relation to the poor of the earth. It had too mituh merged into tho rospcctablo olnbiife, only having cognisancoof its own members and adherents. Some ques tioned tho use of preaching tho Gospel to the poor, and ho admitted thero wore times and ciroumstances when tho Gospel seemed not tbo proper agent. 'When tbo "wnolo attention was concentrated upon a mad struggle to keop body and sonl together, when tho sailor was battling with the surf whioh had drowned his comrades and threatened to drown him, a ebsago of cir- oumetanccs must bo effected boforo tho Gospel could bo preached. But what wus this minis- try of changing circumstancos but tho Gospel ? It waa tho ministry of Christ, who when on oarth bad, as tho fruit of His Gospel, |ehaugod thi oiroumstances of those with whom Hi was brought into contact. There was u strange mleresding of this work by a largo seotion of the publio. The surrondoc of the spiritual lifo for the moral was tbo explanation ttie work gave, according to aomo of tbo altitudes of tho tialvalion Army. General Booth said in his book, " I have no intention to depart ia the smallest degree from tho main priuoiplea on whioh I havo acted in the past. My only hopa for tbo permanent deliverance of mankind from misery either in this world or the next is the regeneration or remaking of the individual by tho power of tho Holy Ghost through Jesus Christ. Bnt in providing for tho relief of temporal misery I rookon it I am only making it oaey whero it is now difficult, and posBiblo whore it is now almost impossible to find tho way to the OroBB of our Lord Jobus Christ." It was not onongh in the way of sooial salvation to givo a man employment and dross and signs of rcspootability. Theso things were all outside the man and if the insido re mained unchanged the labour was w isted. It was necessary ia sorao way or anothor to graft upon the men's naturo a now natnro which had in it the olomenta of tho Divino. The author of tho work need not bo further misunderstood after tho atatemeut, "I must assert in the most unqualified way that it is primarily and mainly for tho saho of saving tho soul that I seek tho solvation of the body." If many ot the pooplo wore to beliovo in Jesus Christ, they must bo holped out of their prcsiut social miseries. Looking at the results of schemes whioh disboliovod or ignored thus — merely philanthropic schemes, whoso efforts wore only to ameliorate the oireumstanoeH of life— they fonnd them to bo lamentably inadequate. The rescued were only a ghastly minority compared with tho multitudes who struggled and B»nk into the open-monthed abyss. Speaking of tho drift of contention of tbo work, Mr. Boott said that the name was a singular ono, and was undoubtedly takon from the title of Btonloy's book, in whioh tho ox- plorer had said that he " marched, tore, ptongbo J, and ont his way hr 160 days through tho innee womb of the true tropical foroit." Tho full horror could not be conceived of a forest as large again bb France, whero the rays of the son nover penetrated, whoro in the dark dank air of heated morasa human beings dwarfed into pigmies, and brutaliecd iuto cannibals, lurked and lived and died, and be- lioved, with an unalterable oonvioticn that thia forest waa endless— no (sunshine nor freer life beyond. Wob the comparison a strange ono ? IVas not thoro a darkcBt England to compare with tho darkest Africa ; its misery to nompare with thoso of tho Alriosn, und woro thero not pigmies, born and bred in England, us vilo us those in the Dork Continent. Civilisation had its pigmies snd barbarians as well us the African forest, and to both it appeared as if the world wero all slum. Tho preaohor then entered upon a graphic description of the mieoriea and hnrrora of life ia the alums, and gave his persoual experience of tho fearful depths to wbioh humanity had sunk in the shambles of our eivilisatlon. Re ferring to a paragraph in the work—" I sor rowfully admit that it would be Utopian in oar present loelsl arrangements to dream of attain ing for every honest Englishman a gaol stan dard of all the neoessaiha of life. Some timo, per haps, we mayvcnlurotobops that every honest worker will be aB warmly olad, as healthily housed, and ss regularly fed as onr criminal oonvints" — the preaohor tonohod upon tho sooial oondition of the honest poor, and stated that in tho old oountry between two and threo millions wero always paupers. Darkest England oonsistod broadly of three oonosnlrio oiroles of life. The onter and widest was filled by the starving and the homeless but honoat poor — a oirola whioh should surprise tho pity of the world. The seoond olroto wbb filled by those who lived by vice, and the innermost circle was filled by on. firmed oilminsls. The one sad and doproseiog element to all waa tho faot that the threo oiroles were soddon with drink. Ho dealt with the lives of tho multitudes who filled the oiroles, and Baid that thousands and thousands of thoso who woro labelled vioious wero not bo muoh horn into the world as damned into it. Thoro word ohildron bred in vioe, predestined to drnnkencosa from the motbor's womb. The drink question, with itB many horrors, was next entered upon by Mr. Scott, who asserted that for ono man ar rested for drunkenness thero were twenty who went home intoxicated, and yot we tolerated this the spawn of evil at every street corner. On of the offsprings of this viae was the terrible prostitution of tbo dav. From that pulpit he would tell them that thoy woro oonteut to live ia blieefnl ignorance conoerning tho terrible woes attheirdoors. Ho passod on to tho different modes of help in voguo at tho prosent timo, dwelling mnro espeoially npon tho aid offered by tho State by workhonsos and similar institutions in England. This ho snmmod up as tho English poor law retaliation. It had boon a ssnrca of joy to him to road about this achoms of Gonoral Dooth— to reoogniao it as built npon tho foundation of Christ's love, regardless of party distinction and religions differences, snd U led ns to rcoognise that wo woro onr brother's keeper. Bo doferrod the description ol the tohemo till noxt Sunday. It has boen oorapu ted, ae on Illustration of the great oboapening of ooean freights whioh has taken ploos in reoent years, thathalf a sheet of notepaper will develop snffiolent power, when burned in oonncotion with tho triple expantioni engine, to carry a ton a mile in an Atlantlo steamer. . 