STAGE, SONG, AND SHOW. A First Night Everywhere. Arrival of John L. Toole. Closd of the Brpwn-Pottar Season— '"The Parvenu "-r" After Dark" - — "The Ring of Iron"— Unole Tom Resur rected— Matl- rieeo. . It doesn't often happen that one evening sees a change of programme at every theatre in town, but that will be the case to-night, and in more than one of thctn the produc tions will be of great importance and interest ' to thrcatc-gocrs and lovers - of the drama. To-night wo shall have in this city at the various theatres some of the best known and most distinguished actors of tho present day. We shall have John L. Toole at the Royal, and Charles B. Hicks at the Opera House ; George Anson Will delight his audience at the Criterion, and an indignant multitude will yowl at tho Gaiety villain, whilst the splendid, com pleteness of Mr. Rignold's production will strike wonder even into an audience who have been used to such big things in staging as Her Majesty's people give from time to time. The competition will bo keen for the managers, but it will he wholesome for you, gentle reader. You will be able to go to the play every night for $:jivpek, and see a now piece' every time, and' when this week is up .Johnny Toole will ho ready with something new. Of course they eun't all last very long, nnd the result of the big draw on the public will manifest itself amongst the smaller ventures all too soon for tho managements, but never mind they will all get a big slice- of the cake for one night at least, and it's .Jay Gould to a Domain tough that when wo sec tho show men on Monday night each one will declare that tho other "got the overflow from us, my boy." Well, good old overflow say we, may it last for many a night to coine. With regard to the cable (which is in capable of falsehood) which saith that Mr. Henry Irving contemplates a trip to Australia, the general opinion amongst pcoplo who know our cruuk mummer best is that the cable in this instance simply makes the ghost of Ananias look foolish. It is thought that he might come out with E. Terry on a reading tour, but the idea that he is likely to carry several thousand tons of stulf to this country for tlio sake of a few weeks' visit is scouted. -But perhaps Jimmy Wil liamson has had a chat with liim. The Potter-Bcllew season opened inau- Bpiciously, and closed with the very biggest kind of boom. ' Last night there was a perfect rush for seats 011 the occasion of the revival of -'Gamille," which must, of course, he looked'upon as the piece which lifted the Beason up from a state of languish ing depression into one of the most successful ventures it has boon our pleasure to record. In Mrs. Potter we Iwve not seen a great actress — we scarcely think the lady would care to claim so much herself — but we have had the pleasure of seeing a lady whom nature has generously endowed with high intelligence and great personal charm. To these qualities Mrs. Potter adds those of earnestness and am bition, with the result that her work, though at no time great, has always been characterised by intelligence and extreme grace. In Mr. Bellow we have seen all that his reputation bespoke liiin — a fine, vigorous, polished actor, in whom fine elocution antl perfect ease of method are happily blended. Wo hope to have an opportunity of seeing Mr. . Sass in . better -rparts, than his present engagement has offered, and 110 doubt we shall. As we have said, last night was a bumper at the Royal, and enthusiasm was overall. The company will during next week loave for Melbourne, where, after certain changes have been made, rehearsals of " Romeo and Juliet" will be held with a view to pro duction at an early date. Mr. C. B. West- macott and J. H. Clvndes will, we under stand, join tho Potter-Bellow following. Tho paternal relative of British comedians, Mr. John L. Toole, will, with his own com pany, commence a season at tho Royal to night, opening with "A Pool and His Money "and "Ici 011 Parle Prangais," in which the much- boomed one will be seen as Chawles and Spriggins respectively. So much has already been said of, to, at, and about Toolo that we will be content with remarking that every seat in the circle has been taken, and about 10 rows of stalls to boot. Ascenoof blinding glory is antici pated. A very la'Jjje house attended last night at the final, performance of "The Two Orphans," which, we fancy, as a financial speculation, has completely satisfied the management. Beiug withdrawn as it is' before its welcome has worn out the piece will always be useful for purposes of revival, and Bhonld anything go wrong with the works at any time. " The Two Orphans" will always be sure of a few weeks' whole some business. _ Not to bo out of the fashion, the authori ties of Her Majesty's Theatre will to-night put up a bill of grandeur nnd magnificence in Boueioault's "After Dark." In this Mr, William Rignold will bo seen as the jovial cherry-nosed person, Old Tom, a part into which lie used to infuse much " spirit" at the Princess Theatre, London, some years ago. Apart from the established popularity of tho drama the performance Yvill_ be helped by a wonderful display of realism and stago effect, of which a railway accident and itB attendant excitement will .bo one of , the main features. Knowing, as all playgoers do, how " big" this manage ment goes in for displays of this kind, it will be understood that something unusually fine may be expected when wo are promised that all previous efforts are to be eclipsed and records lowered. The 24th and final performance of " Fun on tho Bristol " was given before a crowded house at tho Criterion last night. Mr. Sheridan and his capital company seemed to be in the very host form, as if they were determined to die kicking. The house was enthusiastic, and the clever gentleman who lias mado himself famous and popular by his inimitable impersonation of the Widow O'Brien was applauded sometimes to an un reasonable. extent for, his delightfully humorous work. All the songs and specialty turns were received with clamorous tokens of approval, aud alto gether tho dear ould widow's send- off was worthy her splendid reputation in this city. Forgive us the following, but under tho circumstances wo can't help it, so tuno up t)i-i Centennial Organ and let her go Mr. Johnnie you're goin', the thought of It's gravln' us, Gobi' uwny now your saisou is done, Silent tears fall when we think of your lavin' us, Takln' awuy all your laughter and fun. But you will coino again Johnnie, " now won't you not i" Back to the town where tho dollars arc thiok, Think whin you're far, far away In some other spot That there's always a welcome here, Widdy Avlck. The company which, undor the direction of Mr. Boucicault, will produce "Tho Parvenu " at tho Criterion to-night should ho seen to excellent advantage, as Mr. Anson and tho gentleman ubovenamcd will sustain characters of which they woro the original exponents. Godfrey's comedy has, we are told, been successful on account of tho excullcnco of its dialogue and tho quality of its con struction. The piece, which ran for over 200 nights at tho Court Theatre, was on all hands voted amongst tho very best plays of its kind,- andi in . the character of tho Parvenu Mr. Anson has amplo scope for the display of tliei various emotions, and wo doubt not that ho will supply a study of that excelleuce and fidelity for which he is in both worlds famous. Messrs. Brought aud Boucicault will mark their return to the city where they have beon so warmly supported in tho past by a production that will be worthy of them and of thoir. patrons. Tlio charming picture of " No man's land " has beon painted specially by Messrs. Spong and Churchward. Oh yes 1 oh yes ! oh yes ! and you will oblige by not forgetting it, that for tlio , in formation of all and sundry of her Majesty's liege subjects whom it may or may not con cern or interest it is notified, ' intimated, published, and mado known that Charlie Holloway has seceded from the firm lately known as Holloway, Howe, and Little, melodrama merchants, of Castlereagh-street and elsewhere. The business lately con trolled by the three will now be carried on under the stylo and title of " Messrs. Howe and Little," wiio trust by a strict attention to business and a determination to please to merit a continuance of tlioso favorB which you havo so liberally bestowed in the past, Tlnihkingyou for all past favors, and hoping for a continuance of your patronage, they beg to remain yours until time or Larry Foley shall part you. Meanwhile, good luck attend the new firm. There is just now to he seen in the ves tibule' of Her Majesty's Theatre a frame of photos, representing Mr. Lionel Rignold as Harry Ascalon, tho " yiddishor bloke" in "London, Day by Day." Lionel, who is first cousin to brothers Bill and George, has made quite n sensation by Iub remarkably clever piece of character tracing in the part named. Lionel's father, Harry, was for many years known at the Surrey and the East End houses as tlio crack impersonator of. sailors and other wild fowl of that char acter. Just by accident the other day wo found that we lived next door to Mr. Westland, who lias come to Sydney "ahead" of Mr. J. L. Toole, for whom ho is stage manager, to arrange for his opening to-night. In course of a chut Mr. Westland expressed satisfaction at the result of the Mel bourne soason, and said lie looked forward hopefully to a prosperous term in this city for his renowned "governor." He and Toole have been together for the Inst 17 or IS years, and we couldn't help taking his word when ho told us that J. L. T. was tlio best of good fellows, and we should be certain to liko him. It is understood that as many changes of kill as possible will be made during Mr. Toole's season, so that his patrons may lmvo every opportunity of seeing him in the best impersonations of his extensive repertoire. The second bill will consist of "The Don," with which will probably be done as an afterpiece one of tho many small pieces which the comedian possesses. Also, we had the pleasure of seeing Mr. Boucicault, who, aB you know, has come from Melbourne to play his original cha racter in I" The Parvenu," He expressed himself pleased with their now the'atro, and modestly accepted our congratulations on the turn of fortune which at the now Bijou lias changed a chilly reception into a condi tion of triumphant prosperity. Oh, and he said something, too, about some new folk who are either 011 the way out ' to Messrs. Brough and Boucicault or are very near it. Didn't he tell us who those new people were? No, sir, he certainly did not, hut we believe they arc for Shakesperian purposes, and when " Much Ado AboutNothing " in done at the Bijou we shall know all about it..' After all tlio unkind tilings that have been said and written about Hcnrilc Ibsen and his " Doll's House " it seems that ho is to tried in this city, and at the Criterion too. When in a few weeks' time Miss Janet Achurch and Mr. Cliarrington produce their piece at the house numcd it will be interest ing to note what will be said of it in a cer tain quarter where " by special request " it was utterly damned upon its representacion at tho Melbourne Princess not so long ago. Messrs. Hollo— beg pardon, Messrs. Howe and Rittlo — seem to have dropped right into the place where tho kind of goods they sell are most needed. After what we are assured has proved a highly successful fortnight, "Judge Not" was withdrawn from tho Gaiety bill last night, and a great multitude turned up to weep with the heroine and laugh at the troubles ot the hashhouse-keeper, wbo thus at one fell bash degenerated from Hamlet to omelette. To night another of Harvey's, entitled "A Ring of Iron," will bo turned on with "great splendor and magnificent scenic eflects," and in the new production wo hope we may with safety predict a further run of luck for the enterprising couple who have pluckily tackled long odds in the scuffle for board und lodging. Yet another blare of trumpets heralding one more "grand|production." Why, tlio town will fairly reek of limoiight, grease, paint, and burnt cork to-niglit— and this time Charles B. Hicks puts down his glass and rises to remark that lie's jest goin ter whip creation with his elegant resurrection of " Unule Tom " at tho Opera House. " Yes, sir," .ho says, " I know taint a new piceo exactly, but I'm going to show the folk here jest what can be done with that ancient psalm-chanter when lie's fixed up elegant. And I'm going to make the people of this city sit up atid say that Charles B. Hicks knows more about Undo Torn than most birds know about flying, und don't you forget to' remember it." That is what Charles B. Hicks says, and if you don't bolieve him why go and see for yourself. The first of a series of matinees to be given during tho winter season will take place at tho Alhambra this afternoon. At precisely 2.30 the curtain will bo rung up on a liberal programme, to which tho whole of Mr. Frank Smith's company will con tribute. This institution of afternoon per formances scorns to us an excellent notion, in that it affords an opportunity for many, both adults and children, who for various reasons cannot get towmvards in the even ing hour. This afternoon a complimentary benefit will bo tendered at the Bondi Aquarium to Mr. W. B. Warner, the well-known come dian. A big list of turns has been set down for tlio occasion, and many very popu lar people have volunteered their ser vices. Wyburd promises to make things comfortable for cverbody. who extends patronage to. "Billy" who should, with his popularity, bo able to secure a groat attend ance at the charming resort. To-morrow the usual concert will be given, and admis- sjon to the Aquarium will bo again by tickets obtainable at all tho shops in town. We just remember that this afternoon Mr. W. Warner will pit himself us a horseman against the redoubtable Texas Jack, and something livoly ought to result. 