<© i» b 53 a n b 0 it b 53 . A rum place — Jamaica. Makes the month water — Thin soup. An echo is a kind of hollow mockery. Where to make a stand — At a flower- show. Why is a beggar like a lawyer ?— Because he is a solicitor. Why is a mouse like a load of hay ? Because the cat'll eat it. Lies in weight— The dishonest coal- dealer. A great water-way — Life- long total r abstinence. The surest thing to become a woman —A little girl. A cold is hard to. get rid of, but it's sneezy thing to get. The man who is so busy that he has K no time to laugh needs a vacation. The Coercionist's Favourite Club (not the Carlton)— The Irish police man's baton. What belongs to yourself, and yet is used by everybody more than yourself ? Your name.. Lady to applicant for place : Are yon a plain cook? Applicant: Well, I g'pose I cud be purtier. Agricultural— It is exceedingly bad husbandry to harrow up the feelings of your wife, to rake up old quarrels, to hoe a grudge, and to sow discord. A lecture was recently announced on the education of idiots. The bill added, " The county and borough members are invited to attend." " You haven't heard anything until you have heard both Bides, sayb a writer. This may be logic, but the bass drum refutes it. " What is _swe6ter than to have a friend you can trust ?" asked Holding. " To have a friend who will trust you," replied Dawkins. Stage manager : Mr. Heavy, you will take the part of Alonzo. Mr. Heavy : I kae ne"m' seen this play. Ho you think I can please the audience in that part? Stage manager: Im mensely. You die in the first act. Slammet : The boys have organised a football team. Traveller: That's fortunate. You may bo able to put something in my way. Here's my card. I represent a firm of crutch manufac turers. A miner once accidentally fell down stairs. His wife, beariug the noise, ran. to the scene and called out: "Jack, hess tboo faallen doon stirs ? " Oh, Jack replied, " it makes na mettor ; an wes comin' doou onnyway." Teacher of natural history close : You will remember that, will you, Tommy — that wasps lie in a torpid state all the winter. Tommy : . Yes'in ; an' I'll try to remember that they make up for it in the summer. " What are you reading. B. ?" " It's a very useful book for those who don't know how to swim." " How so ?" " If yon fall overboard, all you have to do is to turn to page fifty-seven, read the directions, and you nre safe." A deceased Scotch sheriff had been reading a badly written volume on on interesting subject. A friend asked him whether he liked to "expatiate in that field." " I cannot get .over the style," was the sheriffs reply. An attorney about to furnish a bill of costs was required by a client, a baker, to make it as light as be could. " Ah," replied the attorney, " that's what you may say to your foreman, but it's not the way. I make my broad." Teacher (in grammar school) : " Your lesson to-day is on nouns. Nouns are names of things." Small Boy : " lb ghost a noun?'' Teacher: "Yes." Small Boy : " How can it be ? There ain't no such a thing as a ghost." A butoher of some etnicence was lately in company with some ladies at a game of whist, when, having lost two or three rubbers, one of the ladies, ad dressing him, asked, " Pray, sir, what are the stakes now ?" To which, over mindful of his occupation, he at once replied : " Madam, the best, beef I can not sell lower thau tenpencs-half- penny » pound." _ ' After a Proposal — He : You weep, my dear. Have I offended you ? She : Oh no, these are tears of joy. Only yesterday morning mamma said to me, " You are so silly that not even an im becile would marry you, and now, see, you have asked me for my hand." » Miss Vassev : Don't you think Miss Springlove is a charming poetess?" Uncle Salomon : Oh yes, a very sweet poete6.--, and her cousin, Miss Chalmers, is a' charming paintress, and her aunt Lucreee is an excellent sculptoress, and her mother used to be an excellent dish waslieress, and— Litlb Willie was sent to hold a wet towel before the fire until it was dry the other mprning. The youngster obeyed with alacrity, and the mother went on with her household duties until a minute later when she was fairly electrified by Willie bawling out, " Mither, is't dry when it's broon ?" Hotel Manager to composer : I hope that gentleman in the next room to yours didn't disturb you last night sir ? He's a most extraordinary snorer. Composer : Yes, he is an extraordinary snorer, and I'm infinitely obliged to him for snoring. I took it all down, and now I've got the music for a whole comic opera in my pocket. A' Jockey's Good Advice. — George Foruhnm always tried to dissuade any one from betting who asked him for a . tip. A relative travelling with him to ' Newmarket once asked for a " safe thing" for a five pound note. George's answer was brief. He said. " Put it into your trouser's pocket, and get your wife to sew the top up. Thut is the ! ' safest thing ' for a fiver at Newmarket ! that I know of." | A barber found that the cheeks of one of his customers wero so thin that ; in shaving him he had to put his thumb j inside the gentleman's mouth so as to 1 enable him to get the razor to do it9 1 work. By an unfortunate slip the barber cut through the gentleman's cheek and into his own thumb. " Con- found your lantern jaws," indignantly j cried the barber, " they've made me cut ' my thumb." I The Salvation Army has been noted j for its paralyzing eccentricities, ever i sin co the organisation started, but its rendition of the song " By the Waters of Babylon" is a marvel indeed : By the waters of Babel we sot outsells down,. We sot outsells down for to croy, j And as for our 'arps they were wringing o' wet, j So we 'ung them on trees for to droy. j An' them as had copt us, they arsbed us to ' sing , The songs of our country, so dear; How the deuce can we sing the Lord's songs, say we, In a bloomin' rum place like this 'ere ? Two tourists from the North of Scotland were travelling through France. In one of their railway journeys : they got into a compartment the solo occupant of which wa9 a very French- looking individual. The two holiday 'seekers, thinking that if they conversed . in their own dialect they would not be ' understood by their fellow- travelfer, began to criticize him very Jreely. At length one of the two suggested that the other should give that queer-looking beggar a cigar. The other proffered his cigar case to the mysterious French men, but great was the surprise of both when the supposed Fronchman replied, ; " Muckle obleedged to ye, fren's, but I j diuna want ane." | Why Ho Couldn't Serve on the Jury. — Some entertaining storie3 aro told in the Law Gazette of the tricks by which men summoned to attend a's common jurymen attempt to avoid the duty cast upon them. The writer of an article entitled " Beforo the Associuto" says that one morning a little girl whose eyes just appeared above the desk timidly exclaimed, "Please, sir, father can't come , he can't put o.u his boots." The associate asked the nervous little creature what was the matter with her parent. She hesitated ; evidently she had not been instructed ; further than the statement she had made, and looking straight into tlie- associate's twinkling eyes, she said, " Well, sir, father don't wear boots ; he's got wooden legs. 1 wasn't told to say anything else, sir— that's alL" When a man marries he fully intends to be No. One in the family, but often the period drops out. Millionaire : Do you detect any resemblance betweeu me and this bust of Julius Caesar ? Candid friend : Why, : sir, the resemblance is simply marvel lous. You are both bold. : A certain judge, iu reprimanding a criminal, was answered by bira : " Sir, I am not so great a scoundrel as your honour — takes me to be." " Put your ' words closer together," replied the judge. J " Hypnotism is a great thing. I can ' hpyuotize any one, and what I desire I the subject to do he does." " See here, | professor," said the little tailor, " I'll j give you ten per cent, on all the collec- | tions yon can hypnotize out of my ' customers." Travers : "Did you know that Simpkins stutters ?" Jagway : " Stutters ! . I should say so. Ho started to say good- night to me the other evening, and before he got through 1 had to invite him to break- : fast." ' " What a queer name you have, Miss Booglespeegle," he said after he had asked her once or twice to pronounc it for him. " Well," she responded with 'just the sweetest smile, "you know what you can do with that name, Mr. Smith." 