PART ll. CHAPTER VI.- (Continued.) fOU hope so, you yoting vagabond ?' said Dick-he always called him a yoting vagabond when he liked him most ' you know it is/ ' She is a sweet girl/ said Philip ; ' I wish I was worthy of her.' ' Worthy ? Fiddlesticks ! Go now and dress and let ns be off; you don't mean to say you have been here all day without luncheon, and not even opened your newspapers ! This will not do, Phil, even when a young fellow is in love. So you have been working on the sketch, have you ? Humph ! I don't think I should touch it any more ; get at the picture, dear old chap ; that's the thing to do now. And I have tre- mendous news for you !' 'Indeed?' ' Yes, dress and I'll tell you as we go to Dorset square.' Philip lighted another lamp, and went into the next room. ' I shall smoke while you dress.' ' All right/ said Philip, 'but come in.' ' No, I shall amuse myself with the gold medal. Imagine you carrying it off, and having a silk rope round the picture at Burlington House, or at another Gallery we wot of if you like.' ' But what is the news ?' asked Philip, now busy dressing. ' Great news. Phil ; the making of your picture. I shall not tell you until you are dressed.' Philip, now thoroughly aroused, was fairly back again in the every day world ; he put his head into the washing bowl, and was soon all aglow ; it did not take him ten minutes to dress, and the porter's Avife answered the bell with unwonted alacrity. ' I have a hansom at the gate/ said Dick, when Philip asked the porter's wife to have one ordered. The attendant being gone, ' Now/ said Philip, * what is your news, Dick ?' ' Let me help you on with your overcoat ; it's a cold night, bright, starlight, frosty; you must not get a chill.' ' Oh, I'm all right/ said Phil. ' But you do not exactly belong to yourself any more, you know ; you have to take care, for Dolly's sake.' 'Very well/ replied Phil, just a little im- patiently ; ' let nie shut the door ; all right, mind the step.' Studio lights were burning in the windows, the married quarters of Hymen with the torch look- ing more cheerful than any other of the homes of Art. There was a faint perfume of wallflowers from an adjacent window box ; the porter's lodge was radiant with a crackling and cheerful fire ; and in the street was a hansom with two white lamps, which were presently dancing along the Albert-road by Primrose Hill, and away down Bakei'-street towards Dorset Square. 'And now, Phil/ said Dick, turning to his friend, ' ptill yotirself together for the news.' ' I have been doing that for the last half hour/ said Philip. ' I have found her.' ' Great heavens, whom ?' exclaimed Philip ; his heart beating wildly, in spite of himself. ' Your ghost of Madame Lapukin. But more like Cleopatra than Lapukin, I fancy.' * Do you mean the woman I saw at the opera ?' ' Who else could I mean ?' 'How do you know it is her ?' * From your description and your portrait of her. A superb woman ! But not half so melan- choly as you make out ; and her hair is chestnut, not red-a chestnut that will drive you crazy ; great violet eyes set in a colourless face of sesthetic loveliness-; but her mouth ! ' well, it is the mouth of Clytemnestra !' 'It is not the same woman, Dick.' 'Yes, it is; and to-night you shall see lier and talk to her, and ask her to sit to you.5 ' And who is she then ?' Philip asked, ' and why did she appear in Lady Marchniount's box like a vision and disappear like a dream ?' ' You can ask her yourself. I saw her this morning at the Gallery ; and she is the famous Russian Countess, Olga Stravensky.' ' And I thought she might have been a Nihilistic spy, the victim of some vile conspiracy,' said Phil, in a tone of keen disappointment. . 'A Russian Countess ! To ask her to see my sketch would be to insult her ; to sit for that suffering angel she has inspired, an outrage. I don't wish to see lier.' ' Oh, yes you do ! Here we are.' The cab pulled up at one of the best houses in the Square, well-known in art circles-a home of taste and. social geniality. 'She is coming here after dinner; arid I have to thank you for the honour,' said Dick, as he turned the latch with his key. 'I told her all about you, and she shall sit for the medal.' "'She seemed more interested in what I said than she cared to exhibit!'" 