SUMMARY. No light in Leeds. Leeds gas stokers on striko. Riots in Leeds. Pistols and soldiors. Tho river Darling is falling at Wilcaunia. A Molbourno man lias boon fined £100 for smuggling sardines. A loss of tin. " Thero wero 110 women except a man there,' said a Supremo Court witness yesterday. Sydney Council intends to put up a marble slab to record Mayor's names. J ohu Harris will have a big allotment. Now that Slavin is married I10 yearns for more coin. He won't fight M'Auliffe without a stake as well as a purse. Bubear and Kerr aro to row on tho Lower Yarra 011 Saturday for £50. Good placo for a foul smell. Tho fitters, turners, blacksmiths; and patternmakers of Sandhurst (Vie.) liavo. struck for overtime pay. The blacksmiths aro accus tomed to striking. Fourteen for tliveo wiokots is tlio latest achievement of our delegates in England. Tlioy must bo getting back to that form wo hoar so muoli about. Mr.- Patrick Real has accepted the vanant . Queensland judgeship. Mr. Real was once a earpentor. Hb still sticks to tlio bench. Queensland Civil servants intend to potition against the superannuation scliomo. Methuselah Eli, an aboriginal, lias just boon taken off at Port Victor at tlio giddy ago of 100\. Hero's a chance for Spring poetry. All tho European Powers, bar Holland, have have agreed to tlio decisions of the Anti- Slavery Convention.; Holland requires to bo elevated in more senses than one. Victorian Assembly.last night disoussed tho Metropolitan Board of Works Bill in -com mittee. < Agitation for railway communication be tween Wagga Wiigga and Tiiiiiberumba 1b being vigorously carried on. They, won't bo happy till tlioy got it. -; The S.A. Railway Commissioners liavo arranged for tho Proprietary Mino (Broken Hill) traffic to flow to Adelaide. Slow Sydney again euchied. Who is William Pullman? It would b Eddy-fying to know. -. 0 Thirteen dollars twenty cents paid for tho Pullman oable.' Worthit.: Mr. J, P. Howe, -M.L.A., has sprained an ankle, and sculler M'Lean has likewise sprained liis left knee. Two irate brokers adjourned to Foley's tho other day to settle their differences in the good old style, but they only sampled Larry's whisky. The 2kl. per oz. postage rate will como into operation as sooii as the necessary arrange ments can bo mnde. We thought so. — Madame Melba sings before the Queen at. Windsor Castle to-day. And lias it come to this! Beors may como and beers may go, but Toohey's Sparkling Amber Ales go 011 for ever. Look for label on the hotel. The Fedeiat'on proposals will bo moved- in the Queensland Assembly next .week by Colonial Secretary Morehead. Tlio funoralof Lord: Carnarvon took place at Highclere. Hampshire, yesterday. Mr. Duncan, Gladstonian Liberal, has been elected as member for the borough of Barrow- . in-Fumess, defeating W. S.. Caine, Unionist. There aro 53 societies affiliated with the Trades and Labor Council of New South AVales, represcntieg 35, GOO members. The trades unions of New South Wales can raise £50,000 in 24 hours. The ablo report of Mr. T. J. Houghton, sec retary of the Trades and Labor Council, shows the wonderful stride made by trades unionism in alio colony during the past six months. The Wharf Laborers' Unions of New South Wales and Viotoria will assist the shearers in resisting any tyranny on the part of tho squatters. Two Kiama aldermen tried to make ghosts of each other yesterday. .Aldermen Leggatt and King, of Kiama,' had a rough-and-tumble yesterday, Neither killed. Union Bank of Australia has purchased a block , of liind in King William-street, Ade laide, for £30,000. School of Arts, Moss Vale, oponedbythe Mayor (Mr. Throsby). _ Alderman Robert Patterson has been elected of N'owra. Victorian Postmaster-General has called fot tenders for the right to advertiso on the back of telsgraph envelopes. . Brisbane Liberal Association will support Mr. Warry, Mayor of South'- Brisbane, for the electorate. Agitation in Belgrade for the restoration of . ex-King Milan. 1 Harry Schmidt, hawker, hanged himself, from a tree at Mount Torrons (S.A. ). The Newfoundland Premier Btates that tho fishermen aro not arming themselves against the French. . ' _ Slavin refuses to fight M'Auliffo unless there is a stake in addition to the Pelican Club purse. Northumberland Coal-mining Co. is about to increase its oapital. _ , . Tlio liability of directors of public companies lias been defined by the Imperial Parliament. New Zealand Shipping Co. is expected to pay a G per cent, dividend in September. Frozen moat and wool, Important papers relating to the Hopeful ina3Buoro have been brought before the Queens land Parliament. . The police have succeeded in breaking up a repository of stolon property which existed for some time at Albury. Dynamite explosion at Meld claim, Moorina (Tasmania). . Two Chinese sent to tho heavenly Hoang-ho. Five miners charged at the Newcastle Police _ Court yesterday with malioiously destroying shed and engine belonging to J. O. Berger. The Nowra peoplo are determined to have the railway into their town, or burst. The Australasian Bhearers' conference com menced at Melbourne yesterday. American Independence and the Bourke floods will bo celobrated to- night by a ball. July Handicap, run at Rosehill, July 19.- Adam Bude's Cash Consultation is now filling rapidly .10,000 at 10. each. Address: Adam Bede, care of II. N. Abbott, Post-office- ohambors, Sydney. JCTI10 steamer Rodondo left Molbourne this morning for Sydnoy, and is therefore due on Sunday. Toast of "The Queen" hissed by London telegraph officials at their jubilee. Syndicato boing formed in London to buy tho globo assets of tho Bank of New Zealand. The backs of Victorian telegraph envelopes are to be let for advertisements. Match between Australians and Staffordshire now on. Australians have soored 14 in their match against Staffordshire for tho loss of three wickets. Agitation at Botirko for an ombankment to be paid for by Government. 14,000 cigars seized by tho Customs autho rities at Newcastle. Six charges of bigamy preferred ngainBt a man named William Ewart Moran, at presont in London. ' Coal porters in Dublin strnelc owing to the dismissal of a unionist. What you cannot avoid learn to boar. He : " I hear you arc going to be mar ried." She: " No; I'm only engaged." Jenkins, writing to thaiik his aunt for a largo goose sho had sent liim for his Christinas dinner, says, "You could not . have sent mo a more acceptable present, or ono that would have reminded mo of you nioi'o pleasantly." Tlio monster consultations promoted by Adam Bede on tho Melbourne Clupiiro already being well supported. Send for programmes to Adam Bede, care of H. N. Abbott, Post- otticu-ohambors, Sydney.0 Crushed Maize, 3s. Gd.; Ohickwheat, 3s. Sd.; best Chaff cut, screened, -and sifted daily -at J. Toohey's, Globe, and Aborcrombio streets. , . . Yon can' get tho heavy London made fine gold jewellery from, Dauiel Ifognn nnd Co., A.J.S. Bank-buildings, - George and King streets, for tlio price often paid for the light make of inferior quality, gold. Artosian's X.L.C.R. 011 Molbourne, for 50,000 at 1 eaoli, is the premier of Australia, and— don't you forget it. " Artesian," earn of G. P. Slmlispeare, Burcilldine, Queensland. Tatters'ill's July, July 19, 10,000 at 10 each ; also. Spring, August 23, 25,000. at 10 each. Address Tattor.ir.il, care G. Adams, Pitt-street 