AOTA PQPOT.L By The Flaneur. Our Gracious Queen— God bless her (for she seems to need a blessiug sadly) —has been pleased to inform the British Parliament that she is ex ceedingly gratified at the present satisfactory state of affairs in Ireland. It ia the nature of some perHons to be exceedingly gratified for tho smallest of favours. There was once a certain very worthy man who used ' to pound his wife with the greatest enthusiasm every day in the week, and spout Scripture in the parks on Sun clays. One day, however, his strength gave out, and being in a painfully sober humour, the slum bering love yearnings towards his long-suffeiing wife were once more awakened, and ho said in feeling toues, ' My dear Matilda, I don't feel able to drag you round by the hair of the head this morning.' Immediately the face of the youngest born brightened up with .smiles, and clapping her little hands together with glee she exclaimed, ' Oh, Ma, ain't Pa good to you this morning ?' Like our gracious Queen, that child was 'exceed- ingly gratified' for the very slimmest of all favours, and Ireland must be equally pleased at England's goodness towards her this mcrniDg. Personally, her Majesty has about as much knowledge of the real state of affairs in Iioland as the Soudan donkey has of the Federation move ment 5 and it is really a blazing shame for fcer Ministers to take a 'rise' out of the old lady by causing her to firo off such absurd statements. Some idea of tbe very small reason she. has to be 'exceedingly gratified' may be guessed from tbe fast tbat the co&t; of governing each man, woman, and child to-day is exactly twice what it is in the rest of Great Britain. Boinba Balfcuir, who handles truth as carelessly as a cable correspon dent, has had the unblushing effrontery to assert that ' law has been restored in Ireland, and con tentment is following in the wake of law.' I don't like to give advice unasked, but I cannot help thinking that if Bomba would rely less upon the ignorance of the English people respecting Irish affair?, and rely more upon his own, he would have a far firmer footing to stand on. The cost of the Irish constabulary alone has under Balfour's system of tyranny mounted up to a million and a quarter sterling a year. This is a highly significant fact when taken in connection with Bomba's 'contentment,' which, we are told, ia 'following in the wake of law,' and if it is one of those things for which our gracious Queen is ' exceedingly gratified,' she is a deal more easily satisfied than her people are ; that's certain. Balfour's peculiar gratification reminds me of a neat little thing which Oliver Cromwell dashed off after his inhuman slaughter at Drogbeda, when helpless women were butchered in the streets, and tender infants were carried round in triumph on the bayonet's point. Oliver's blas phemous despatch ran thus : — Sir— It has pleased God to bless our endeavours at Drogheda ; after battering, we stormed it The enemy were about three thousand strong in the town. I believe we put to tbe sword the whole number of the defendants. I do not think thirty of the whole number escaped with their Iive3, and those that did are in safe custody for the Barbadoes. I wish that all honest hearts may give the glory of this to God alone, to whom, in deed, the honour belongs. For instruments, they were very inconsiderable to the work throughout. O. Cromwell. If there is any truth in the transmigration of souls theory, Balfour certainly possesses the spirit of Cromwell, for his idea of what constitutes a ' marvellous great mercy' seems to be exactly the same as that of the inhuman Noll's. As a specimen of the way in which Balfour's lovely law is administered, Mr. Gladstone quoted an ad. which recently appeared in the Irish Police Gazette, describing a tramp, who had stabbed a man named Marr. After describing the offender in the most minute manner possible even down to the plates on Lis boots, the advertisement went on to fay that it was ' most important that this man be ai-rested, as there is another man in custody for the same offence who is believed to be innocent.' It therefore appears that when this contentment-bringing and law-upholding police force of Bomba's cannot got hold of the light man who is guilty of a crime, they 'run in' the first unfortunate they can seize, rather than have nobody at all in gaol ; and this, I presume, is another matter which causes our sovereign lady to be ' exceedingly gratified ' with what the country receives in return for its expenditure of 1-} millions sterling eyery year. God save the Czar ! for that unhappy monarch appears to need our prayers even more than our gracious Queen doeB. In a recent European ex change I road that ' On the celebration of the Czar's last escape from injury all the churches were filled with people-, many of whom prayed with such fervour that they filled tho edifice with their Boby. Subsequently, all these persons got intoxicated by drinking tho health of tho Czar, in tho usual copious libations of vodka, and jtho police had almost as much to do picking up in sensible bodies as at Christmas and Easter, the two great feasts upon which Bacchus ia most fer vently celebrated among the Moujiks.' That was a decidedly spiritual sort of service in deed, and in all probability the Cz iv's faithful sub jects will soon liven him up with a bomb or two in order to have an excuse for holding another vodka thanksgiving service. Speaking of the Czar, a story is now told touch ing a certain incident which must have distressed Burdett Smith, C.M.G., greatly, and which really should have plunged all Europe into a flaming war long before this. It seems that while the Prince of Wales, the Czar, and a host of other titled toffs were on a visit to Kaiser William II., young Albert Victor, our future King, took an ir reverent fancy for slinging the Czai's favourite dog iuto the water of a lake, just for the fun of seeing the uui'oitunate dingo splash. Whether the dog enjoyed the game or not history fails to tay ; but it certainly did not please the Czar. Ono day Alexander came up just in time to see his four legged friend hoisted in for the third time, and being a man of very few words he grabbed Master ' Collar and Cuffs,' fore and af b, and soused him into the lake also, remarking a3 he did — ' Now, my lad, s?e how you like that sort of fun your self.' Our future King scrambled out, half drowned, but luckily he had the good sense to say nothing about the adventuro, or the ' Dook of Gampridge' might have girded on his ging ham, and placing himse'f at tho head of tho British Army and the Soudan goat Contingent', wiped the insult out with Russian gore. A few days ago Queen Victoria was pleaded to confer a K C.M.G.-ship on Seyd AH, the Sultan of Zanzibar. To-day Seyd Ali is dead, killed, no doubt, by the weight of the greatness thrust upon him. This ehould be a terrible warning to all tuft-hunters here, who seem to covet a title worse than a hungry goat covets a cabbage. The idea of being considered superior to Bnrdett Smith and John Davies (who are only common C's.M.G.), and the equal of the Poet-Premier Parkes was evi dently more than the coffee- coloured Sultan could stand, and so he rolled over and died on the spot, crushed by his tremendous title. The billet of Sultan is almost as lie Icy as that of the Ozar'e, for the holder generally dies with his boots on, and is carefully helped along to the Golden Shore by the unsolicited aid of some of his nearest re lations. How true it is that we have to go from home to hear news of ourselves. In a recent issue of the Pall Mall Gazette I find tho following highly imaginative par : — A Temperance party in the New South Wales Parliament — long talked of — has now practically become an accomplished fact. An executive committee, with a chairman and whips, have been appointed for the purpose of party machinery. In the list two Parliaments there has been a majority cf Local Optioniste, and yet for a Local Option Act they have pleaded in vain. Two years ago a motion in favour of the introduction of such a measure was carried in the Assembly by 46 to 13 ; and at the present time 83 members are in favour of local option, 44 being opposed to giving the publicans compensation. Mr. Alexander Hutchinson, M,L.A., is the Sir Wilfrid Laweon of New South Wale3, and he is resolved that by hook or by crook a Local Option Bill shall be carried before another year is passed. Unfortunately for himself and the 'good cause,' however, our Sir Wilfrid Lawson has other fish to fry just at present; all his spare time being taken up in endeavouring to convince an apparently much-wronged lady that she is not the rightful Mrs. ' Sir Wilfrid,' and until he settles that affair satisfactorily he is not likely to worry himself over the matter of Local Option. When Mr. Hutchinson's domestic matters com pelled him to take a back seat, Mr. Abigail took up the local Option running, and marshalling his forces, he declared that 90 members cf the As sernbly were in favour of the movement. Some of these are decidedly weak-kneed warriors, how ever, and I would commend to their earnest at tention the words of the Bishop of Peterborough, who pointedly said the other day — 'I will believe in the honesty of Local Optiou votes in the House of Commons when I see some one or other of its honest supporters, and there are many such, rising to propoee that the House cf Commons should try on itself the local option it i3 willing to try upon others. A motion ' that this honourable House, being convinced of the evil3 of the liquor traffic and desi-ous of sotting an example to the nation, forbids henceforth the sale of any alcoholic liquor on its premises,' would be a self- deny ing ordinance, which, if it passed, would do more to promote the cause of temper ance than a hundred local option motions, and wbioh, if only debated and voted on, would pro duce one o£ the most interesting discussions, and supply one of the most instructive division lists that this country has ever known.' Loc il Option for the purpose of restricting the drink traffic to reasonable limits is all right; but when it goes ia for prohibition straight out, it defeats its own ends and must necessarily go bung at an early date. Mr. Abigail is about to honour England by his presence, and it; looks as if he intended to take his seat away with him. The public are told that Frawnciuia merely going home for tho good of hi« health; probably to consult that disttngrjisheci physician who has been favoured with the patron age of Parkes and the Ute Earl of Beaconsfiekt. I have heard, however, that the visit io not wholly unconnected with the floating of a little! mining venture; something in the coal lineup Katoomba way; and that Means. Hassall, Dowe| and a few other fellow-legislators are aomewhati interested also. If Fiawncis can pull this off he will kill two birds with one stone, and net a very desirable coinmigg-ion also; but as the Britishers have been got at over timilar investments lately, I fear that not even the honeyed words of the West Sydney genius will be able to coax the coin from them. It would be very much in his favour, however, if Mr. Abigail informed the English speculators that Protection is coming fasb, and that this would necessarily increise the chances of the success of his venture. A copy of that celebrated letter iu which he so strongly ad vo- cated Protection would ba desirable also, not necessarily for publication but as a guarantee oE good faith ; but he will have to leava the ' yellow pup' at home,.aT his mission is ' more fiscal than Popery.' Our bo3b wishes for Frawncis' voyage, and if be never returns his loss will certainly be our gain. That delightful old gentleman, Sir Alfred Stephen, has just perpetrated a pamphlet advo cating, his pet subject cf divorce, in which ho points out that with one exception (probably our honoured selves) the Press of Syduey, Melbourne, and Adelaide has uniformly advocafce-d the same measure. He must have been in a somewhat .Trtckson-cum-Slavin or pugnacious humour when he clashed the book off, too, for in one portion of it he indignantly aska— ' Are we to be controlled in legislation by the clergy, however well-meaning, and those who accept their views, or governed by the constitutional bodies which unitedly repre sent the people ?' In Sir Alfred's opinion there can be but one reply to that conundrum, which, by the way, is decidedly rough on those churches 'over which the Holy Ghost hath made us over seers,' as Sammy Lees, Brother Boseby, and a few other latter-diy siints modestly objerved ab the Wosleyan Conference. Sir Alfred evidently intenda to exercise his 'private judgment' right to its fullest extenb as rpgards thi3 subject, and of course the aforesaid clerical ' overseers,' in spite of the ' rich out-pouring of Divine Grace' that they recently called down upon themselves, will have to go under, no matter how firmly they believe in the sanctity of the marriage tie. It also appears that that rnuch-perEeouted old party, Lord Knutsford, is backing down upon this sultry subject, for he states that he is desirous of having the whole question, carefully debated ia tho Cabinet. Touching the two Bills submitted to him— the Victorian and Sir Alfred's own— Lord Knuttford seems to be something of the same opinion as the darkie who,, being asked ' Which was the better of the t.vo, the married or the single state ?' replied they were 'both fus' rate ef they could only be bcoughb to work togodder somehow.' Queen Victoiia ha3 always been dead against the divorce racket, however, and Lord Knuteford can certainly look out for squalls from that quavfcer. Gracd Old Man Glaistono ia equally firm in his opposition to it, for he truly declares that marriage is essentially a contract for life, and only expires when life itself oxpires ; that Christian marriage involves a vow before Gcd ; that no authority his been given to cancel such a vow, and that interference with it lies boyond the province of civil legislation, Di vorce of any kind impairj the integrity of the family ; divorce and re-marriage destroy it root and branch. Should Sir Alfred Stephen's conceit ever be come law we may expect to have heaps of fun with it, and the papers that are not above pander ing to depraved tastes will coin money in bag fuls In the 5 years since the new law came into force * ia France no less than 17,177 divorces were i granted. In the United States the marriage rite I has been turned int:- a howling farce ; for betwoon '? the years 1867 and 188G no fewer than 13,281,013 '?? divorces were pronounced ; or about one out every four mairiaged were annulled. In some cases a husband on being divorced hag married a»ain ; ia a little time he obtained a second divorce and married again; in a little time he obtained a second divorce and then re-married his first wife. All 8an.it i ty has been abolished from the wedding ceremony ; and, in fact, it has been suggested that machines be made and fixed up so that you drop a penny in a slot and out come* a first-class di« vorce paper. No one teems to have the least con sideration for the feeliuga of the chilcUon of theso degrading unions, and sooner or later this divorce devilry must necessarily destroy all homo ties and eventually ruin tho whole nation. According to the Special Commission crime and outrage were coexistent with the Land League. This docs not prove that one arose from the other. Both proceeded from the same cause. The misery of the tenants forced Davitt to estab lish his movements, and called forth the secret societies which until recent years were supposed to be tho sole means of redresBing Irish wronge. A local paper says that the question ol! Free ;rado and Protection wag at the bottom of the Bathurat Hospital row, . 