CORiRESPONDENOCE. LOCAL OirION. roTu tou t ou m en, rx~nr T 'root i:D iTOR ii (i "'|'I II'i O t 1 i : iiA ii'On iiEN '. .in,1 n o u' sub-le toIei At ~h inst., for which allow me to thank ' ou, there is so 0uch in common with the 'itu of the ew Soiuth Wales Locatl Option L2ague, I entire to think I can Oay- you are in touch with much it ,dvorotes. The Council is advocaeting for the LocnlOption vote to be give, to ': every adullt mailo id female." ormiit nio to ask why you should say fear lesly "thot the Local Opticon Leagueo in at teopting to subordinate every other qu.s tion e political importance, and soeeking to ifflinece the consutituencies by making the lmor l;aw, subservient to overy other con sid ration, isi'undamentally wrong, and in *cotstotout with the principiles of political 01.aonoiy." Not only are we not alone in tlis policy; we have gleaned a wrinkle froi the Freetraders and Protectionists who aiife their shibboleth a sine qua non. Yet ftter.h we have the good example ; for we adeit that some good may oven come from ouri enemies of the Licensed Victuallers' Assoiation, who, at their Albury confer enco.e last September, determined " that general politics were to be sunk " and they weoud "throw to the winds " all other questions. Surelyv when such sapient S','Mlors range uinder their flag to set their ,iiy.in array to pnotoct their ownypookets, iou tmust remember we are but human., L'horoit'ore we feel justiflioed in having no sellhh object in view in setting up our Local Option banner " for Ood, home, and humaiity," and cohlling upon out menombers to hold Lodal Option as of the first moment, eWhy caneo our princes, statesmen, judges, lawyers, and clergy, tell its that Sdrunkenomess is the otuso of nino.toeths of mni' crime." What is the cause? Duink I Per centuries the Stote has boon stupidly trying to keep the pcoplie from the drink; now we advocate a wise law-that of keeoop ing the drink from thepcoplo, Sen you not 'o your attitude 'e componsation, you are .ple?ding for all infrfingement of the liber ties of. the pnplope How ? .B13y insisting thalit they shall he taxed. For what P Why, for exertAiingm the undoubted right, an Chief Justice- ligiubothamn, of Victoria, has said. "'That the community has the undoubted right-to determine for itself whether it is expedioent that licenses to sell intoxicating liquor' shall or shall not be sold," The licotfig is the property of the peoplel, nnd tunder:tho 23rtd section of the Act is issued f for rnei yoei, and no longer." No local ?ptinuist wisheos to interfere with the lease dtiriig its cuireney, And jpst, Sir, as you may legally refuse to ienow mo the lease of your house after my year's tenancy, so imay the people do the same,. Not a ghost of a legal right would I or tihe publicanhave, Why, even lislhop-Bairy personally said the same to one,'touohiig Ioilifaco's assumptive claim. Sgrant you if the publio forced a man to iocoen a publican he could show good auso, but they do not. Honce he has no olaimi, No loss than 27 Acts ie the liquor traffic, have been passed in N., S. Walose sitmdo 1823, each in its turn becoming iiore severe, Timely warning this, The wi?o, if such there be in the trailo, will foroast" what is coming, and propnre for the 'exodor, We seek not to deprive the publioans of their housos nor of their lhve hohod by providing good accommodation fcr trtivollers. - Not a stick or a stone of their buildings or fuiiniture willbe touched, for thesehharm not the peoplO It is the drink we.,fight against because it is the foe to progress, peace and plenty, SIf. you can spare me space in a future isnue, I will prbve, not' from bare asser tions, but fromn facts, how all the useful trades flourish when drink is banished, iith such astoniiishiig resiults. as to astound the bitterest opponients of L6oal Option, and surpriseo with delight' ' Yo tirs. '&c;, EDWAIRD J. II. KNAPP, S-Ioil, See. Local Option League, Sydney, 16th April, 1800. -. 