THE NOVELIST. THE ACE OF CLUBS. A ROMANCE OP RUSSIA AND SIBERIA \- Br Pbinoe Josef Lumbomibski, Author of " Safar-Hadji, a Story of Xurkiatan," Ac. CHAPTER YTrTTT, In Vladimir's hut the twilight had long changed into night. More than a quarter of an hour Nicholas Popoff had waited for the Count, according to his promise, paying no attention to the increasing darkness. At first he wondered why Lanin had not appeared, because he had charged Helen very specially to mention the hour at which he wouldf be there. He had obtained two hours' leave and no more, and knew perfectly how dangerous this step might become for him and for Palkin himself. "Oh! these women!" he thought to him self. "No doubt Helen has blundered. I ought to havedone it myself. Why, it is per fectly dark!" Nicholas rose, looked for a piece of light wood, kindled it with the aid of a matoh, and put it into a beam. Thus the smoking, flit tering light illumined the hut at least after a fashion. No other light is known in the Sibe rian villages. " Why does he not appear 1" Nicholas con tinued his musings. " 1have been waiting an hour now. What can have happened to him?" He waited half an hour longer. Ap no one came he thought it high time to return home, so as to cause no suspicion of his prolonged He went to the door, opened it,"and started back with a cry of surprise and horror. Colonel Palkin was standing on the thresh old, and behind him be saw the formsof several men who were walking up and down. " Colonel! You here!" he exclaimed. The Colonel walked close up to him and I pushed him with his whole strength back into | the room. "Are you surprised ?" "Where is the Count? What do you want here?" "Ha! ha! The enquiry begins? Well, I can give you an answer. I am here to take those documents which I need. Out with them! The Count will never return here!" "Why?" "Unnecoessaiy curiosity? Out with those | papers or" •' That is treaohery!" " Call it what you choose! I have no time for discussion. Hand me the papers!" Now Popoff saw clearly that he had been caught in a trap and that Palkin was his enemy. With the strength of despair he seized the Colonel by the throat, crying, " You shall at least pay for the others!" The Colonel, however, a man of Herculean strength,_ pushed the poor weak man easily back, seized (his hands, and pressed them till his joints cracked, and he sank down on the floor. " Ho! People! Here!" In a moment two gendarmes hod seized Popoff, who was crying for help with all his might, hoping to attract the attention of neighbours or passers-by, and bound him with ropes. "Now search him accurately. This time nothing shall escape me." Nicholas, however, when thus confronting imminent danger, had recovered his presence of mind, and a scornful smile even played on his lips. The gendarmes began to search him. He was stripped of his clothing; pockets, boots, even his hair was thoroughly searched. Nothing was found but a tobacco bag and a penknife. Palkin was foaming with rage. " You think, perhaps, you will cheat me once more. Well, we'll see. All lias not been tried yet. And if I have to kill you I must have those papers. Speak, where are they hid?" Nicholas silently shrugged his shoulders. This gesture made the Colonel furious. j "Tie him to that bench and fetch a Nicholas turned deadly pale. The nagaika is a knout, a strap of leather with two knots, the end of which is forked, like the tongue of a serpent. After a hundred blows the flesh is generally gone from the bones, and no man is able to bear five hundred blows. Nicholas was tied to the bench, and they only waited for the man who has been sent for the knout, which was kept at the Inspector's Obey me," said Palkin to Popoff. "You have a moment's time yet to consider. Don't be obstinate. Tell me your secret." " You may murder me, wretched hangman," replied Popoff, " but you shall never learn my secret. "I'd rather bite off my tongue, you wretched spy and traitor. I shall yet live to see you overthrown." Palkin laughed cruelly and sat down, facing the bench. The nagaika was brought in. "Well ? Now begin and strike slowly, so he may have time to reflect and give me the answer I want." The knout whizzed through the air and fell upon the bare back of the wretched victim. Instantly a dark blue mark appeared, and Popoff uttered a heart- rending cry. He bit into the wood of the bench and did not com plain further. After the twentieth stroke the blood poured forth in streams, and large fragments of flesh were torn off. The pain was too fearful. Nicholas let go the bench in which his teeth had made deep indentations and began to cry madly. Palkin was calmly smoking liis cigar. "At last," he exclaimed. " Have you opened vour mouth at last ? Perhaps you will now be kind enough to answer?" With a gesture of the hand he ordered the gendarme to stop. The fellow coolly wiped the leather strap with his fingers. Pieces of flesh came off, which he coolly threw aside Popoff's throat rattled like that of a dying man, "Where is the paper I want," asked the Colonel. Nicholas turned his face to the cruel man, and in his bloody, tearful eyes, invincible resoluteness still spoke clearly. . "You shall get nothing from me, cursed hangman," he replied. "Well, let us see!" And down came the nagaika again. The I torture was all the more cruel, as it had been interrupted. At the first blow Popoff uttered I a perfectly fearful heartrending cry. Palkin I laughed. At each blow Popoff's cries became less violent, his trembling less perceptible. At I last he hardly breathed. Palkin thought the gendarme was tired. " Strike better," he ordered, "or you share Popoff's fate!" The gendarme struck with all his force. He struck the backbone. Popoff uttered silch a terrible cry that the soldier himself was terri fied. "Will you answer me now?" "Never!" breathed Nioholas, who was dying. "Strike! strike! I say!" shouted Palkin. "Below, at his legs and feet! Make him feel the nagaika!" At this moment the door opened and Dr. Haas entered. He slowly walked up to Palkin. "Where does this man oome from?" shouted the Colonel. "Who let him in ? Aha! the Doctor." In the meantime the nagaika had regularly j fallen and risen. Nicholas gave no longer any sign of life. Hass went to the bench and put j his hand on Popoff's head. "Enough of this torture!" he said in a tone of command. " Tour'victim is dying I" "Go on 1 strike hard!" cried Palkin, furious at the interruption, " I can talk to the Doctor afterwards." The gendarme raised the knont, but at the moment Haas snatched it from his hand and threw it aside. "Enough!" he exclaimed. "Why, the poor unfortunate man is giving up the ghost!" Palkin approached the Doctor and seized him by the arm. Tired and disgusted with the punishment he had been compelled to inflict, the executioner looked in amazement at the man who dared defy his Colonel, and never thought of picking up the nagaika. TTaaa quietly confronted the Colonel. *'Do you know, Doctor, that you are guilty of resisting the authority of the ^Government, and that you may have to pay dear for it? How did you get in ? Answer." Haas disengaged himself calmly and said, " Allow me first to assist the dying man." "A(man who is dying and yet takes his secret with him into the grave, you mean. But do you know what is awaiting you yourself, old quack?" Haas cast a cold look at him and replied with unaffected calmness. "No one knows his fate. Allow me just Sow, however, to assist this poor man." This calmness infuriated the Colonel beyond control. 'He and you and your Count, you are all Yo of you simply a band of traitors. You say he is dead. Well, then, you no doubt know his secret, and null perhaps reveal it to me. Hallo, there! untie that dying man there, and go to work on this mad fellow in his place. That'll give us newipleasure. Ha 1 ha !"jhe laughed wildly, "after all I shall attain my end." Haas measured him with a look of contempt, " You insane man, you threaten me, when you ought to be veryfiumble. Listen" "Do you think IT1 listen to your empty stuff 1 Bind this old man. You are too tired," he said to the man who had beaten Popoff; and called another gendarme. "Now it is your turn I" The man was slow to obey the Colonel. Haas rose to his full height now and said— " I do not like to take vengeance. _ As you, however, will not give up your intention, your wish shall be fulfilled. . . Help !" he cried, with a thundering voice. Instantly a rattling noise was heard as if window panes were broken, and in the opening appeared two rifles pointed at the Colonel. At the same time the door burst open violently, and soon thirty exiles, armed with clubs and swords, filled the room. Palkin was at first confused but soon recovered his insolence. " Here is the rebellion ! Aha! We are only three of us, but this unarmed rabble we shall soon master. Come on, children. We shall soon have assistance sent from town." The gendarmes obeyed, but they fell almost instantly, being shot by the two riflemen. The exiles surrounded Palkin. Haas busied him self with the dying man, as if the combat did not concern him at all. •" You must take the Colonel alive," ordered a voice from the window. " If ten of you fall you must take him alive." " We shall see that," replied the gendarme, undaunted. "You have not gotten me yet." He fired a pistol twice intothe thickest of his assailants. Then he alone resisted the overwhelming force of exilss. Gigantic as he was, he struck with his sword right and left and fought on, even after he had been seriously injured by heavy clubs. He tried to gain the door, wounding and killing whoever was in his way, and all the time shouting for help. Blood was flowing in streams. A certain mistrust seized upon the exiles. Eight men had fallen under blows of the colossal, raging soldier. Palkin had actually reached the door, when all of a sudden, he lost his balance and fell to the ground. A new enemy had appeared and struck him down with one powerful blow. The gendarme roared like a wild beast. " At last I have you, vile vermin!" ex claimed Miller. It was he who, watching the fight from the window, had used a favourable moment to attack Palkin from behind. In a moment the Colonel was disarmed and bound in spite of his violent resistance. Now Miller went to the window, and, taking off his kos pak, he said— "Countess, there is no danger now. You can enter." 