THE ACE OF CLUBS. A ROMANCE OF RUSSIA AND SIBERIA. CHAPTER nr. Bv Phixc.-k Joskf Limbomirsio, AuUmr «>f Safm-Ittdjli a Story of TurldstMt," &c.; Hit; drizzling rain liad, in the meantime, a vury hard rain—it poured. And yet f&liuhn; -was still wandering about, unmindful, withoutJiis hat or his spectacle;. His egotism liad been terribly wounded, and this aroused in.'him all his evil passions. He.was so excited tliat he could not even devise a plan of revenge, and yet his mind, as well as bis heart, thirsted for revenge. His instinct told him that he "mid form plans only in the Ministry, and without any clear purposehe returned to his office. The perspiration pan from his brow, and his scanty hair -was flamp. His eyes, always inflamed, -were bloodshot and bleared. He looked horrible in fais^mb despair. Only after he had walked «bout half way he stopped and tried to oollect his turbulent thoughts. " There We Bee what human life is," he said to himself. "Yesterday I fancied I was on theKigh road to honours and riches; to-day all is over, at one blow." His thoughts filled him with new bitterness; and lie again hastened his steps. "A Lanin is Aide of the Emperor. Another inarricsWemin^s daughter. Tnat name is unlucky for we." An omnious smile disfigured his mouth. '•The 28th of October is written in bloody letters upon my raemory. I cannot forget it, hut I shall remember the names." ' He went on repeating to himself, • "Lanin! Paltin! Wernin!" In the same moment he heard somebody call •out behind him, "Tbait must he 1 Schelm! Schelm 1 Tlie -head of division, who had not a frie»d on earth, turned roundj quite surprised on hearing himself called m this familiar way.. Before him rose ! ithe dianal walls of the J'liiiigtiy of the Interior, *nd in * corner of the lioge portico, .Jialf in tlie shade, stood a man who looked sharply into Schelm's face. The man was -a pipture of" misery ; his shabby -costume, his lean, haggard faoe, all spoke but too i-learly. When he saw that Schelm looked at him attentively he exclaimed with a smile of vlelight, ' tie -sure! Schelm in his own person! A Waiige meeting!" jEbe bead of division oast at him a leek of «ion tempt. VI do not know you he said dryly. "You'donot knowjuei" continued the unknown. " Well, it is some years since you saw me last. I am your school friend and yocr enly friend. Don't you recognise me ? I am Miller, of Millertownl <C-oine into my anns, •comrade. The meeting was not pleasant for the great man j he attempted to'break off the conversation. Miller, however, willed differently; he almost forced his friend to come under -the shelter of the baloony, trthere he himself had nought :protection, and said to him, "Are you in such «-frightful hurry5 I understand- how, in the ^position which you eeem to occupy, a meeting-with an old comrade liiay'notbevery pleasant, 'bat console yourself; my misery is as great as .your ill-luck. You need only look at me, my coat, my hat, my boots; I am thoroughly demoralized. I should hegladif I found you to-fee still the same man you were of old* 1 was giafi'just now to notice that youwere not happy. At the sight of your unhappiness. my heart warmed up. Surely, you must still be the same as of old." Schelm did not oonoeal his annoyanoe, but submitted to his fate and did not leave his old . friend^ .He asked him with an air of bitter haughtiness, What-d o you want of wel Out with it J -Quick 1" 4 1 To press your hand, dear friend, and to tell you nowXnave'fared einoe we separated, and then, perhaps, to take leave of you for .another ten years. Ah, my friend, fate hat not been kind to me. .1 had .a small patrimony;', which I soon squandered. I could not bear the position- of an office-holder; I resigned ana .plunged- into the whirlpool of life. That lasted-five years. - At last I awoke one morning Jrom this dream. without) money, nob .a friend, ,no pro6peet for the future. For five^ears I have knocked at all doors, tried every profession, and can do nothing to earn a living. All this time I wanted to work honestly and fairly :; my feeling revolted against nil that was contrary to ••honour and to conscience. This disposition . closed every career, against me. I was driven away -everywhere as.'being good for nothing, Tor three days I have been living on. crusts. To-day I am ready to do anything: -If any one were to . ask me to steal I verily believe I could do 'it; if I were asked to libel and dander any one I could do it; if they wanted me to commit murder X would be able to do even that Hunger, is powerful!" Schelm had listened attentively to the uwls of his old schoolmate. VKhen he paused ike shrugged his. shoulders and said brutally, "What isall this tome?" "You are just.as kind, I see, as you used .to be," replied Jliller. " I thought I would please you by telling you my history. I felt ji certain comfort .in seeing yep, whom I exjiected to find rich and happy' looking anything but happy—your disordered dress— your melancholy lace—all this eaeouraged me to offer you my hand." "Who told you X was poor and unhappy 5" interrupted Schelm. "On the contrary, I hold A big office and have a salary -of 15,000 roubles. Perhaps y<iu like to hear that -news?" "Is it possible?' Qi'iad Miller, "that's very different, I am sure. Pardon me, but be so kind as to lend me twenty-five roubles." Schelm drew back a step quite surprised. " Twenty-five roubles! What for?" "That I will tell you at at once. To-night takes plaoe the annual law supper, at which all appear who have studied law together. You are no .doubt invited as well as L But you have perhaps never been present while I do not negleot a single meeting. _ It is the only place -where I .can appear without accepting it as alms and where I always meet kindred and sympathizing hearts. Every one . of my places or employments I owe to these annual suppers to my former fellow- students. To-night t shall attend for the last 1 time," pontinued Mailer, leaning .-on his schoolmate's ' Aim, "but I must have twenty-five roubles to jtay my score and to hire a .decent costume. Can you lend me that large amount?" Schelm withdrew from the hands of his colleague, and said in a hard, icy cold tone, "Mr. Miller, I observe in life the principles that everybody lives and cares for himself alone. X only show favour to those who can return me favours. But how could you prove your gratitude ? That would be simply im jioseible. - You could not even return the bor*- l owed money. You are simply a beggar, and • 3 do not like beggars. Good-by. Hereafter . Wve me atone and do not refer to our former acquaintance." Thus the head of division left his friend jierfectly dumbfounded and entered the office. "A very nice man, indeed," murmured Milter. "I must try Vladimir. I must absolutely attend thiB supper once more." Trembling with cold and wading through the deep mud Miller went away. In the meantime Schelm, in still worse temjier than before, ran up the stairs. It had just struck 9, and a few clerks were again at work.' The old soldier slept once more on liis bend]. Schelm hurried down the passage, drew a kty from his pocket, and opened the door of me office. There was no life in it, the fire in the grate liad gone out, and it was bitter cold in the vast apartment. Schelm looked all around, • uttered a fearful curse, pulled tin bell rope, \-- and waited a moment. No one came. More and more excited, Schelm rang and rang, till at last the old soldier appeared in the door, only half awake. Schelm s eyes glared in the -dark, and his repulsive form assumed strange, . fantastic outlines. The old soldier crossed himself, fearing he saw a ghost. " Why have you not lit the lamp and made a fire in the grateasked Schelm. " Don't you know your orders? You know that I" often work here at night." " Your Excellency, I have revived no orders from the officer on duty." "Call him at once." The soldier hesitated. "You do not obey," repeated Schelm, in a rage. "You obstinate rascal! A hundred blows with the stick if you do not bring him here instantly." ""Your Excellency, the officer on duty has J»>t returned yet from his dinner." "Is that the way you do your duty in the ^Ministry of the Interior ? Whose turn is it today?" "Mr. Popoff/' "Very well. I know Poitotf. Call to me instantly the head of his bureau, No. 7, you hear ! And then make a fire on the spot and light the lamx>s, if you wish to escape your -ymnishment!" The soldier hurried away. Schelm stepped lijuk into tlie dark that seemed to suit his t< <i(j)er, and then fell into deep thought. His v. J.ole past came up before Jlis mind's eye. I'm- memory of his youth, however, which ^ifillnarilycauses men to be deeply moved, only j» • HT.^t'd his fury. "Ah! if I could but make others suffer •uTat 1 suffer to-day he exclaimed, grinding .l.is teeth. . 5 o The tolditr brought light. Soon after the ad <if the bureau Sin. 7 entered also. " Vou have excellent subordinates," scolded •>>»•!">- very loudly. "At 9 o'clock they have 71-U come back from dinner ! I shall remove your name from the list of those who are to »• <-< ive special rewards, and J\>poff yon will int- \- ntly dismiss." official tried to •'xt usc himself and to ctetend life) eabgtrdifiate, fcafc Bcbelm 8id nob allow lam to sjieak, and said, "J will bear nothing motel Aaa now get away!" The fire soon danced merrily in the grate, the lamp, illuminated the room brilliantly, and yet Schelm was in a very bad humour, and Sound it impossible to work, "I can't do it," he said at last. "What if I did as Miller does? If I were to go to the lawyers' supj>er 3 £ have had no dinner yet!" He rang the bell. "Get me a droschka at oncc," he vaid to the soldier. "Tfeis room is too cold to work in." The Rostaroant Dusan was brilliantly lighted, and illumined die whole street for some distance. The lawyers rented the priapipal hall for their annual suppers. Servants were seen iranying to and fro with dishes wid plates, bottles, and. glasses. Some forty men had [take® seats at the long table, and eaxried on a lively and loud conversation. Several chairs were still vacatat. Milter had taken a seat next to Vladimir Lanin. The supper was just beginning when Schelm -entered and cast a side glance at the«ssembly, who looked at him with .astonishment. His insignificant figure contrasted with the luxurious furniture and elegant company. The younger and more fashionable members cast one look at him and then turned away with a contemptuous smile, not troubling themselves any more about him. Safcelm soon became aware that he knew ao one in the assembly, awd took exe of the quioccupied chairs without looking round. Miller was -engaged in earnest conversation with his neighbour at table, and did not become aware of (Schelua's presence till the latter took his seat rather noisily. Tken both looked at each otfoer'-aad started. "You have remembered after all that you studied law?" Miller asked. "And you haw managed to collect the necessary means?" "As you see," •continued Miller, "I have found -assistance "elsewhere^ after my schoolmate md friend «f my youth had refused me. But- no offence. To-day veil _ eat and drink and leave care outside. Lanin, kand me -a bottle of champagne!" Schelm trembled. " -How did yen call year neighbour?" "He is-one whohas.lent me money." 'VFhat is cot the question. . Tell me Siis name." "Vlachnir Lanin." " Are you intimate'friends ?" " He is my last friend and patron." In a still lower tone of voice Schelm eontinued. "I behaved foolishly when I treated you badly "awhile ago, especially when I -said you could not .anything to serve -me. Ob the contrary, I find we can be very useful,;to each other. You said you were willing to do anything,- provided you were wall paid. -Dear Miller, I want you to-day, atd you can earn one, perhaj^s even two, thousand roubles for nothing," he added, with a pressure -of his hand. " I said that under pressure—when cola and hunger drove^me todespair. How I am sitting in a warm, well-lighted hall, at a richly -served table. : Before I enter upon your conditions I -I must .know what they are." " Gome next 3?riday to the Minister of the Interior. There we confer better with each other." Schelm was thinking to himself that by Friday his friend would be penailess again, and ready to do anything. " WeH," replied Miller. "But how een I get at you? tChere are so many officials in the SDnistry." •"Send your name up to the Head of'.the .Division of Political Affairs." " What are you employed under so great a ;inan?" "Iam the head of the Division myself." "What, the devil!" cried Miller. • "That As' another matter. I shall be there on Friday, certainly." "Now be so bind as to intro&iee; me to your friend." "Very welL" said Miller, and lightly -touched his neighbour. Lanin zurnedaround. ""Vladimir, M. Onophri Schelm wishes te be presented to you." "I know you wery well, Count,^' said Schelm nvith his most obliging smile. ^.1 remember •our school days .very well. We asvere schoolmates for some time, and to-day J[ sreeeived the »olite invitation to your wedding. Ah! Count Vladimir! You young people sxe ready to laugh at us old pe9ple, bookworms or office rats, as we are. Fortunately, I cannot be angry with, anybody. You must have had some work writing the whole long address—I -take it for granted it was your handwriting 1" Lanin blushed and oeald hardly et&amer; a few words. " I .b$g your pardon .sir, I confees^the jest was out of place." "Qh,ilask for no excisse. I am net juigry. It is all .right. I remember you veiy -.well; Vladimir Lanin, that handsome, clever,, v.-itty young man ! • I was ugly .and everybody ran away fixan;nie, and I am still the same. ;But that does mot matter. I am happy to renew our acquaintance. Let us (turn to the past." " Really, Mr. Schehn, I am ashamed" "Oh, netver mind! Let ue&rink; your health and that of your fair one!" During fibe somewhat pratracted supper Lanin, Seheba, and Miller chfttted like three excellent friends. Vladimir repented again and again that he had penmfiled Jana to tempt him to commit such a grievous mistake, especially now when he saw that terrible man, who made the old counsellor tresrible, in such good liumour by his side. At last all was *»ver. They took£eave, and Schelm whispered jjito Jliller's ear, "Remember! Oh Friday !" "'Certainly I" replied Miller. CHAP3CEB IV. After crossing a number of islands hi the Neva and as many bridges of almost «very l>oss:ble shaiie and size—some of iron and beautiful, others built of wood and not too secure—you reach, at last, the other bank of the vast river, where you find yourself in another world. Low huts, half underground, wooden stables, and tumbledown fences are here reflected in the waves of the Neva. Not a teace here of streets or squares, of sidewalks or pavement; here the huts are huddled together, there they, stand like the squares of a chessboard, and again they appear isolated and alone. Smoke covers >the whole place, and you breathe it; the muddy soil looks like asphalt. The city shows but one side, a mean, wretched suburb, and in the opposite direction stretch out as far as the eye can reach the s?<2 plains and dismal swamps of In^rmannlancL . There axe the boundary lines of the city of Peter the Great; beyond these the town seems to be vmwilling' to extend. No one lives here who is not compelled to do so ; the city authorities seem actually to have forgotten tills t of the town, and no land owner or spcruiator has yet attempted to improve this foi-soiiiiu suburb. The opulent "residents of Petersbug are nob even aware of the existence of such miserable outskirts of the magnificent and gorgeous capital of the empire, None but poor people live here. This is the only refuge that is left them. To be sure, life is nowhere as dear as in Petersburg; only in this one suburb prices are reasonable and living cheap—but then, people live here on half-spoilt fish and cucumbers, because both may be'had for a mere song. -The poorest man can exist here on a few pence a day. It takes no less than three hours to reach the centre of the city, and those who reside here are virtually separated from the other inhabitants of Petersburg. In one of the most wretched pirts of this miserable suburb there stood a wooden hut, which sought supiwrt from an adjoining church. The dc^.y'jd appearance cf this wretched hut defied description. The roof had fallen in; the walls sunk into the ground; the only window hardly reached above the swampy soil, in which the whole hut threatened to sink and vanish. In the middle part there was a dark, vaulted room, and on the right hand door might be read, " Sewing, needles, and yarn for sale here." A narrow staircase close by the door led to the garret. The interior of the little shop was in no way better than the outside. A huge stove, a lied, a few chairs, a wooden table, and a chest of drawers formed the furniture, and these were old, black, and worn. A little pile of thread on the chest of drawers and a few small boxes containing needles canstituted the whole stock in trade. The shop •vvas t-. Id and tlie windows covered" with inoisturi : i:ven tlie floor was wet, and the whole lint it-arfully cold and damp. At the window sat an old woman knitting. A child was asleep on the ledge of the big stove. The woman was not over forty, but misery and want liad made her hair grey and covereii her face with wrinkles. She wore a wadded gown and had a yellow handkerchief arouud her head. The child might lie eight years old. A sheepskin cloak, intended to provide for rapid growth, reached down to his feet, which were hidden in wooden shoes. The old woman was whispering prayers without interrupting her work. The little boy blew into hiR chilled hands and tried to attract the old woman's attention. At last he cried, " Mother, I am so cold !"• "You good for nothing. Breathe into your hands, Andrew, and you will soon be warm." '*AYhydon't you buy wood, mother? It is no longer so dear. The sexton bought a whole wagon load yesterday for a rouble." " Because, first, you must have the rouble. Just wait till tlie 1st of the month. Then your brother will g. t money. Then we'll be nice and warm here.'" "Twodays longer, and to-day I have had no breakfast at all. 1 am hungry, mother, give me somethihg to eat." " Wait, child ; at (! you will have dinner." " What will there be for dinner " What we always have. There is some bread left and four cucumbers." "]-H< ry day the same thingand the poor boyheganirocry. At that moment someone knocked'»ery gently. The woman rose to open tbe'door, and whispered to little Andrew as die passed him, - • "Benave now. You know it is not my fe&dt.; . Quick. Dry- your tears. Somebody is •coming." She drew the latch and opened the door. On the threshold stood a vov.ng giri ; her pretty sunburnt face had the-colour «f health, her features were pleasing and cheerful, her hair l%ht. and her hands' •showed that they were familiar with work. She was wrapped in a warm fur cloak and her feet were protected by comfortable boots lined witii fur. Her simple dress was utterly lacking in elegance, and yet no one could help -noticing the natural grace which showed in the 'whole presence of the girl, especially in her large blue eyes, full of gentleness and delica^. Miller, of Mfllertowo, looked over the girl's shoulder into the room. "How are you, Helen, my angel 3" exclaimed the old woman,'" come here to me, my child." Ah ! Is it Helen?" cried the boy, rejoicing. _ "'She srirelybrings something to eat." With these words he sprang up from his bench and began to examine the girl's pockets. Now Miller also -entered. /" Dear neighbour," he satd, ""give »e a little black thread ; vou see my coat is in great trouble ; I shall have to sew again Ifae whole •evening." Directly, -neighbour," She went to the drawers to get the threaS. 3a the meantime little Amdrew had -found a ,p*per with raisins in Helen's pocket. Shcutnag with jtjy he fell spon them, while .Helen laughed merrily. "How =are you: dear neieWxrar ?" -esks Miller. " ._ "Tolerably, thank .you." 3 " Have you seen NiohoJas recently V "A-week ago. Heuwer has time. 'On the first of .-the month he brings *me half of his pay ; he .gives me $h$t. Otherwise *7e. see -him isrely. He has qio time. -He earns fifty roubles -a" month «nd gives ms 'twenty-five. Under -such. circomsbmees -a <man hasttowork hard." "You have a good =8011, Mr. Lina, fetve you not ?" ">Oh, sir, he is our .providence. What could I, unfortunate womae, do without him? He <dbnies himself of eveiything .to provide for-our wants, and -I -really do not- seehowhe manages to -live «nd drees for .twenty-five roubles, for at the • ministry they expect them always to be well dressed. Fortunately,'they have promised him -promotion and-an advance in -salary besides,-«s a- reward for hts exemplary conduct. They -advanced ; him a month's pay, so fiiat we mighthe able.to buy^v/arm clothes. But, there I am, -fealkingto you of our domestic affairs, that eannat .possibly intexest any jne, and least of all you, Hear neighbour." "On".the contrary. You know how I like to conoe and see- you,«nd»aowl often-I comedown from-my ;garret to have a.pleasant chat with you, es]>ecially when X have-the good luck to meet this fair young lady here,'-v/hom I admire so greatly as I do slither sex." '"You scapegrace!" exclaimed the old woman, and just then, noticing Andrew devouring the raisins, -she added, "What are you doing there? Surely-.van have taken something again from Miss .Helen. Are you not ashamed to beg and at-the-same time to steal"?" • "But I must eat something,", replied the boy, with cheeks stufied full;" "you never give me anything." Old .Lina was fiery red with ^uiger. " Are you not ashamed to -<;ay so, when your brother is .working hard to^give you your daily bread? But bre&dyauwiU- not; eat. You want candy, and sweets. As if. bread was not the. staff of life. '' But you never give me enough bread." Lina, who did hot .like that ter.neighbour should see their poverty, felt terribly mortified, and a tear ran down tlie wrinkles of her face. " Oh, you bad boy. JTou.always worry me." She turned away to hidte: her tears. _ She never complained and did not Jike to: be pitied. She was as all peoi>le arewhfe.h&ve-seenbetter; days and preserve their pride. At that moment the door was : thrown open ^suddenly and Nicholas Popoff, Lina's eldest son, rushed' in, deadly psle, wet through and \- utterly unnerved. In <aae hand he held a .bottle of brandy, and in {the others .portfolio jwhich he thoew away as be .entered.'. At this unusual sight-^Jl drewback. .Nicholas n^ct-eeized his little brother, raised fcim on high .and looked .at him with bewildered eyes. ..Lina had in the meantime recovered fromiaer fright, .went up-to hiin, saving, < e What is it, Nicholas?" ".You shiver,™ .said the man to hie..little brother.. "Youslaver all ove^ and cry,from cold, and from hunger. Cry on, my~.bo£, for henooforth you will always hunger. YotL.will nevar. have a piece of,bread any more." He.kissed the boy passionately, and letifcim fall so suddenly out of his arms shat the poor little fellow crept behisd the stove and loijill of his cabins. " Wliat do you mean, my son,"«sked Lifta aloud. "Motfcer," said Nicholas, "yoa thought that, thanks to my worl^ you would be able in your old age, to lead & .guiet life—and now we shall have to beg in the streets and die "in the hospital. Helen, your father, a wealthy merchant, allowed you to visit us and promised me your hand when I should have secured a better position. Go home, Helen, and look for another husband, for I shall never marry you, Xeighbour, g&mrd; your mosey ^pell, for I might steal it, if I ^aould live here ; luinger is a bad cosrnsellor." "Nicholas, asjs you mad?" .asked Lina sternly. " Ssot yet, moiiaer, nor drunk, hut I shall soon become both. Here is a bottle brandy, the bust present I eiall ever bring y«u; I have spent my last penny on it." Helen approached the unfortunate official and asked him in a geettle, soft voice, "Nicholas, what is the matter?" Nicholas pushed her back. "Hush! Do not say a word.- Your voice pierces my heart. You ask what is the matter? They have turned me out of tie Ministry." Lina's head sank low; two big tears rolled down her furrowed cheeks and she said, in a low tone. " Lord, Thy •.will be done. Now we must prepare for misery, for starvation. I am an old woman it matters not for me—but this child." She wiped her tears and asked, in a quiet, resolute tone of voice, " And why have .they turned you out " The chief was ia a bad humour yesterday. At 7 he went away. I could not anticipate that he woold come back as soon as 8 o'clock, and went to dinner. When I returned they told me his Excellency had been there but had driven away again, in great wrath, because the fire had gone out in the grate and the lamp "had not been lit. You know every officer when on duty, has an hour free for dinner. I was not a minute behind my time; but because the great man stayed an hour beyond his usual time I also had to wait a whole hour before I could go to my dinner. The way from the office to my restaurant, you know, is pretty long, and a man must after all eat at least once a day. When they told me that the chief had been angry I feared at once that some of us would have to suffer, but I never expected that matters would be quite as bad as this. This morning the head of the bureau told me that I had lost my place under the Government." At first I thought this sentence could not be finaL I begged, implored. I wished to speak to his Excellency. But there was no help. These six years that I have been in service I have never had a complaint against me, and this is the way they reward services rendered the Czar. For long years we work hard and earn little more than our daily bread. Then one day the chief is in a bad humour and the poor subordinate is turned adrift. Therefore, mother, let us drink, let us forget all, and to-morrow let us die." He eat down and put the bottle on the table. "Hand glasses," he cried. Mr. Miller, Helen, pray . . Our last meal! Mother, have you nothing to eat ? I am starving." "Nicholas! Control yourself. You do not know what you are doing. God is with us. It is His doing." "Quiet," commanded the clerk. "I am hungry and I want you to give me something to eat." Tlie old woman turned slowly to the chest of drawers, and took from it a piece of bread and four cucumbers. She put a plate before her son and two glasses on the table. " That is all you have, mother," said Nicholas. " Then to-morrow we shall have nothing at all to eat. Mother, let us drink. Let the toast be 'Our impending death.' Bring me the first glass. " Lina shook her head, filled one of the glasses, and put it before her son. " Will you not drink? Not if I beg you ?" The mother pushed back the glass he offered her. " If you will not do it I must get drunk." Nicholas' wild looks and his strange ways had in the meantime frightened the little boy so terribly that he crept farther and farther behind the stove. " Don't hide so, boy, don't be afraid. Taste the brandy. Believe me, it is a good drink, and makes us forget everything. When I am drunk I may dream that I am the head of a division, and'sit in my armchair in a beautiful office and gaze at the portraits of the Czars. Come here, Andrew, come to me." The boy, whose terror liad grown steadily, was no longer visible. "Will no one drink? Not you, Helen? Nor you, Sir. Miller? Then I must drink alone and get drunk alone. And then we shall go away from here, I unto death, and your mother, with the boy, to beg in the i-treet." He'emptied th'c glass one draught, wiped his lips with his sleeves, and seized the bottle. The women T»ept silently, utterly unnerved by this • picture "of despair. At. that • moment Miller, who so far had listened without opening his lips, rose from the bench, went up to Nicholas, and said, "Stop there, neighbour. • Perhaps all is not lost yet. Perharis I can get you another place. But in the nreasrtime" * * . * With these wetds he emptied his pockets, and .threw a tive-Touble note and some small change upon the taible. "So Ttiudh for to-day. I need no money. I can always have what I want. Only do not give up hope. Till we meet again." To hide his increased emotion and to escape the gnesitude of the women he went away quickly, repeating on the threshold, " Tomorowat'the latest I'll bring you news." •Helen broke the silence that followed the dejiarture of the man from Courland, saying, "Your neighbour is a good man, Nicholas, he?l help you. " He," repeated Nicholas; " he is neither rich nor has he any influence whatever, nor -should he be able to help one. He is a poor devil, as I am. To be sure he has given us five rubies, and bless him for it. But what is that? We may live a day longer, and instead of dying to-morrow we shall die the day after." "'Nicholas," said Helen, rather timidly, " I have saved some little money, and I'll ask father also." "'Many thanks, dear Helen, but I cannot accept any sacrifice from you. The brandy has given me thought, and I begin to feel as If we had been rescue." He rose and said with bright, shining eyes, "Yesterday they beat me! Every day I had to boar acorn and disgrace. If anybody gave me an order it was generally. '.You ass, do this, and that, and make haste And all that because they" paid me fifty roubles a month. I have borne that treatment for five years, although my soul revolted at such injustice. Yes. Sir. Palkin and Mr. Sckelm! Like a dog you have treated nee, because you knew that the work -of my hands had to support my mother and my little brother-, and that my plaoe was my life. But now that I have lost the place, I raise at last my head once more and bend nay neck no longer. Mr. Schelm! Mr, Schelm! Tremble before the worm you haroe so long trodden under foot!" He emptied -a second glass, rose, embraced his mother. 3tnd took Helen's hand. "Where a»e you going, Nicholas^'" asked his mother -anxiously. He made no reply, but in -the door lie turned once snore and bade the TOmen'fsrewell with "tear-filled eyes. "Take same money, Nicholas, and-come back soon, ffihink well fcefcre yen fio -anything, " implored Lina. "I need mo money. I shall have-encugh where I aannow going." Helen wrung her hands. "Where dure you gouig, Nicholas"?" she asked, with trembling voiee. "If yoa -should not see me again in two days, pray far.my departed souL"" With these words he sknoaied the-door behind him. The two woman, dumb with despair, sat a long time. Neither of them touched the mioney. At last little An&rew; came forth Som his hiding place, gathered the.raieins that were scattered-ever the fioor, and devoured "them eagerly. Then the two women began'to cry bitterly. Outside $he rain was pouring down famously, continually increasing in violence. 