BROADBRIM'S NEW YORK LETTER. Art came in with a rush this week, and all New York and his wife, who have been on the tiptoe of expectation for months, have been gratified by a peop at Millet's Angelus. The day of the press view I went up to the American Art Galleries expecting that at least for the few hours set apart for that purpose, I should meet none but my fellow scribes. The purpose of the first Fallopeningof the Ameri can Art Galleries, was the exhibition of the Barrie collection of s"ulptures and bronzes by that celebrated master and of illustrating the condition of Art thirty years ago. But the rush was so fearful that I postponed my visit to a later day, for it was impossible to see the works of art with any degree of pleasure or to form a discriminating opinion concerning them. But as I stood at the door and saw in en and women pushing and squeezing to get in I could not help asking myself, What is all this about ? Not one in a hundred of them had ever heard of Barrie or his art, but everyone of them had heard of Millet. Not one in twently knew much about Millet. They could not have told you whether he was an Englishmen, a Frenchman, a Dutchman or a Swede, but thoy all knew that he had painted a picture called Angelus, and that it cost the lucky possesssor one hundred and twelve thousand dollars, and they wanted to see it. Many no doubt went in expecting to see a magnificent canvass that would cover the side of a wall, instead of which it is a small picture that a man might carry off under his arm. Later on I shall have oc casion to Bpeak of it more fully, but I con fess in advance that it will take me some time to discover where, on a canvas 22x28, you can put one hundred and twelve thou sand dollars. Now, recollect that this money was not paid by some purse-proud amateur with more money than brains, but by a sharp, shrewd, cautious, close picture buyer, a man who is posted in everything connected with art and who has handled and sold as many fine and expensive pictures as any other art dealuar in the country—the man who sold Jules Breton's Communicants at the Morgan sale for forty-five thousand five hundred dollars, and who got from Walters of Baltimore eighteen thousand dollars for the Peach Blow Yase, making it the most costly pieco of bric-a-brac of its size in the world. I refer to Mr. Sutton, one of the proprietors of the American Art Galleries; and right here comes a question which has set the art world all aflame and which, like the ghost of Banquo, will not go down. If the Angelus had been brought hero for sale it would have had to pay a duty of nearly thirty-four thousand dollars, bringing the price of it, landed in New York, at nearly one hundred and fifty thousand dollars, in tact fully more if we counq freight and insurance. But the An gelus is admitted free of duty io be exhibited and sent back, and the art dealers here com plain that while it is here ostensibly for ex hibition it really accomplishes all the pur pose of a scale for its fortunate owner, who will exhibit it her and probably make fifty or seventy-five thousand dollars by the exhibi tion, and then if it goes baeJ[ thoy go scot free of the duty. This the other art dealers say is a manifest iujustice, as they are com pelled to pay the duties, thirty-three per cent., before they can open their pictures and put them on exhibition, and then they have to take their chance of finding a buyer. The general sentiment appears to be in favoi of the abolishment of all duties on art in painting or sculpture, and a very strong ef fort to that end will bo made in the next Contrress. This week I stroled over to Castlo Garden, the great emigrant depot of the American Continent. It is a strange place, and you never realize it more than when four or fivo steamers arrive in a single day. They land a conglomeration of every nationality, of not only Europe, but also of Asia and Africa. It may be called the emigrant custum-house for here the cargoes are examined, and are pas sed, if found worthy, and if not they are sent back. But it very often occurs that tbe Commissioners of Emigration, who by the way are a lot of pothouse politicians who owe their position to their pull, mistake the extent of their powers and constitute them selves as a sor; of moral police. Thoy are continually fighting among themselves tlio hardest battles being for the bones which they can throw to their individual followers. But one of the most remarkable useB that Castle Garden has been put to is as a matri monial agency, and the matches made' thore annually is by no means email. Only a short time ago the keeper of the lightship outside of Sandy Hook camo to CastleGardenlooking for a wife, his object being to secure a cook, and at the same to pocket tha emoluments that the Government offers for useful useful person. It suddenly occurred to the gentle man having charge of the matrimonial branch o'f the service that he had seen that ancient mariner there before " Many a time and oft." On being questioned he acknowledged the fact that this was his fourth requisition and that his last heartsease tras a stout Irish woman who had succombedto the Inevitable, and started up the golden stairs exactly three weeks before; her predecessor was a Swede and his first a Dutch woman. But the lightship afforded no chance for flirtation or display, nothing but cook, cook, cook, and scrub, scrub, scrub, and the eternal murmur of the "sad sea waves." Now a passenger ."it geft, however long tho voyage, has some hopo of getting ashore, but from the light ship there was no release but death. Tho ancient mariner had a tolerably easy time with his first two consolers, but when he secured the affections of Miss Bridget Mae Carthy he struck a snag which made him wish hiniself in paradise of Fiddler's Green a hundred times.- Bridget did not belong to the meek and lowly likt; his firet two wives, with them he had tilings all llis own way, but the honeymoon was hardly over till she rilade his life a burden, when death stepped in again Mid made him a free man. Brid get was a holy terrdr( so no more Irish need apply. Number four. I believe, is an Italian. No late news from tho lightship. One applicant sent a letter some weelis rtgo,; Dilotithi Sept. twenty.—Deer Sur, Mister Kasal Garden Eei'misins—I lieer you have menny likely young wirrimen furreners lookin' fur situations. I should lik& to iu gagp. one for to be my wife ef she is strong an' healthy, and has no disease. I should like her to be tolerably tall, well put up, an' good lookin' as I am myself, ef you know of enny sich send em along guess we and get away with a half a clussen right around here. —Your obedient survand to Kommand. James Russbl Smith P. S. should prefer a woman with some j little munney and plenty of close. This week an old Irish farmer from Con necticut who said he was worth eighty thou sand dollars, applied for a wife fresh from the ould sod, but up to Saturday he had failed to find exactly the article he wanted. The arbitary power exercised by these Com missioners in sending persons back has been one of the crying scandals of the city. Only last week a woman was sent back on the al legation that she was an alien and likely to become a public eliargo. Sho came hero many yeftrs ago, and lived with her husband in New Jersey* A son was born to them, tlien the husband was taken sick and died, and the woman went back to Scotland with her child; two weeks ago she returned, and was ordered back to Scotland by the Com missioners. Her son was a native born American citizen, and if he got as lucky a lift as Turner, the young iceman, who three weeks ago was driving an ice cart, and now is nominated by Tamilian}' for Congress, this young expatriated citizen might 0110 day oc cupy the seat recently warmed by Grover Cleveland and flow filled by Benjamin Har rison. An appeal was taken 011 the mother's behalf to the secretary of the Treasury, and Mi\ Windom with his level head decided at once that there was no power within or with out the constitution to turn a native born citizen from our gates. The attorney re turned back from Washington beaming with smiles and prepared to annihilate the Com missioners, but when he arrived in New York he found his client had been shipped back to Scotland three days before. The infamy of this ruling Is right, here. Every week or two cargo of Mormans is shippeda for Salt Lake. One half or more of these are assisted immigrants whose passage is pain by some one, and who have not a dol lar in their pockets. Among them are hun dreds of young girls who havo been gathered in by the elders and missionaries. Yet these are passed without question. Have the saints got a pull in Now York, " I spec so." Speaking of pulls we havo just discovered another which has set us all thinking. The docks are all rented by the city, except those which are private property. I had no idea, and I thought I was fly on most things about town, that a Dock Commissioner was such a good billet. There was a dock to let which should have been put up by puplic competi tion; but this particular dock was not. An Italian gentleman from Tipperary bo the noime av O'Brien got a letter from a Judge to one of the Commissioners, and O'Brien got the wharf at a rental of six thousand dollars, for which a dozen parties were wil ling to pay twenty. When this was dis covered there was a hustling about to find Mister O'Brien, but O'Brien could not be found; he might have gone back to Donegal or Sligo, but although the O'Brien family is prolific in New York this particular O'Brien that rented the wharf had • vanished. Then it was hinted that his name wasn't O'Brien al all. It might have been Smith or Brown or Finnegan, but not O'Brien. And it now looks as though the job was put up by some one inside the Commissioners' ofiice. ' and a nice little operation started by which a faviaured insider gets fourteen thousand dol lars without raising a hand. In the course of the investigation it transpired that one in dividual had added thirty-nine thousand nine hundred dollars to his bank account during the year. Not a bad plum that. Yet that is only one of a thousand ways in which this city is robbed. It looks as if we wero going to have an old-fashioned lecturo season like that we used to have twenty years ago. Miss Amelia B. Edwards, whose novels and contributions to archrelogical research have given her a world wide reputation, has been lecturing in Brooklyn on Egypt. Sho brought out the most distinguished company that has been seen at any public gathering for years. Aside from her literary ability she is socially a great success. We are now enjoying a season, of great business success. Everything is booming, and the subscriptions of the past week warrant me in saying that the World's Fair will be held in New York in 1892. Truly yours, BROADBEIM. 