. ME." AND, M I?S. BOVySEK., Bv'Mita. BOW3bii. I supposo Mr. Bowser is just liko all other liusbaiids iu regard to tnouoy matters, uiut 1 liopo no one will got tho idea that I am speak- ing in a oomplaiiiiiig tono. It is tlio duty ot a wife to put up with whatovor queer things iior husband's -nature iuay duvolop, and no wifo iuust wonder ovor a liuaband'a inconsistencies ant! incoinnruhiMiflible ociioits. , . A few weeks beforo wo woro inarr.md ,hn himself brought up the subject of money matters, and that to my great omburrassihont. In a sudden burst of liberality ho suid : " Thuco is ono thing which shall , uover happen iu my houso. You will' : Jtovor bo obliged to ask mo for money.. I kjiowhusbauds who treat their wives us thoy would collectors como for au outlawed account. Thoy pinch them down to the hist shilliug, and oven thou dcinuud to know how that was uxpondod. Such husburids as> those dosorvo tho contempt of evory doccnt man." ' Yes," I replied, not knowing what olso to say. .'When wo aro marriodfV ho continued, "half my incoino is yours. Why not V We aro tho same, or will ho the same, as partners in business. Although I rauy carry the monoy about for mutual couvoniunco and sufoty, you havo tho Hainu right to it as I have. ' When you wantuny. just go to the iiocket-bok and liolp yourBclf. V " (Wo had been raarriod soveral weeks when I wanted a couplo of dollars. I happened to think of it its (r. Bowser lay asleep on tho lounge one evening, and I therefore took out his pocketbook, removed 11 L'aol. bill, und re placed tho rest us I found it. As I did so he jumped up and yelled out : Well, if that lsn tcheok t/ioii I don't know what the articlo is ! Married only six weeks, and you nro robbing your husband I" " You told mo toliolp myself." " Nevorl I'd look pretty telliugyou to rob mo, wouldn't I V" 4 But you said half your income bolongcd to mo, ami that I never need n?k for monoy." " You must be crazy. Wlmt on earth could you do with money 'i ' Why, if you had loilol. or 20dol. per week you'd run us to ruin iu three mouths. I don't want to pinch you down as some wives are pinched, but don'tyou over have the audacity to put u hand on ray wallet again. Wlien you want chango I'll give it to you.'/ Iu tho course of a week or two I asked him for a dollar. It was at tho breakfast tabio, aud tho way he suddenly looked up almost caused mo to choke on a mouthful of potato." " A dollar !" ho exclaimed. " Yob, you said I . should ask you when I wanted uuy money." L-!' Humph I Hero is-lOo.. and Ihopoyou will loxorctso good judgment in oxpondmgit.,?\ : . TwodayB latorno inquired how I had used tho money, mid by. wav of roplyl said : "Mr. Bowser, wo have, been marriod oiglit, 'weeks. Y'our iuc'uno, as you have informed mo, is 'lOdoI. per wook." " W-wlmt's that to do with this case?" " A great deal, Bir, You have hud 28Gdol. como in since wo woro married. How liavo you spent it? Plcaso got out your account book." "Aro you talking to 1110?" "Certainly. I am the saiuo as a business pari n r. IIow hus thut money gou 0 Ho triod'to say somothing iu reply, bub words failed him, and ho .put on his hat ami walked round tho block to cool off. When ho returned he had caluiod down suflieiontly to say : " Mrs. Bowaor, tliero must he a head to oven house.'' "Yos." " That head must see to money inattora." " Yea." " I don't want to pinch you down, as I said before, for I despiso a huHbuml who will do that. While my monoy is your monoy ,o a certain extent, it— it— " , " It is not my monoy to another certain ex tent V" " Well, the proper way for you in to confer with 1110 an to wliat you need." ! " If you want n cigar or a drink of boor or a btroot car ticket, do you confer with me V ' " But lhat'n diiToront." "Oh! it is! Very well— lot us confer. Get outyour pencil and put down: 1 atiiip for i petticoat, 2c.; 1 darning noodle, 1c. ; ij ugato "buttons, Mc. ; 1 cowet luce—" , "Stop!" ho interrupted. " An I fluid before, X don't w;uit to pinch you down, but I liopuyou will exercise good judgmont in making j'our purchases. Herc'e a half, and you needn't show iuo any bill of items." Wo had not been married thrco months wheal OU3UI YCU Home very peculiar ncuous on cne part of Mr. Bowser. IlOjWould count Ins money tho lust thing ut night uud tho first thing in tlio morning. On two occasions I found ids wallet in tho hull-trou drawor when I camndown first. Again, it was under tho louugo iu tho sitting- room. When I nskod for au explanation of theso queer proceedings lie replied that it was to guard against burglars. Ono iiigiit, when ho thought I was ualeop, ho got up mi l tpok his wallot from under tho bureau und hid it botweon tho mattrcoscs of tlio spare bed. An hour. Jator I wont in ami found it ami removed its contents, about 'lOdol. This monoy I placed 111 his pants pocket and went to sleep prepared for a surprise party. Ono came. I wn« down stairs wlicu ho got up, audpre- Koiitly I heard him dancing about and shout ing: " By the great horn spoon! but we've been roobou, Mrsi Bowser !" " Woimt - " Wo had burglars in tho house last night!" "No !" " Yes, wo hud !" " How do you know?" " Because my monoy is gono ! ' ' " Whoro was it?" "It was — -" He cheeked himself thcro and mumbled some thing I could not hear, but whou he came down lie was white as a ghost, und his voice trciublod as he said: " Mrs. Bowser; do you think tho cook is honest?" " Whv. of course. IIow could' aha como in our bedroom uud tako your wullot out of your coat?" " Strangest thing I. evor saw. Thoy tooktho monoy, butloft the wallet." At this moment ho began soarching his pockets, and when ho found tho monoy ho lookod so foolish' that I felt to pity him; Since then I have found his wallet in tho washstuud, in tho bod, behind tho buroau,; under difforout chairs, in tlio clothes hamper, aud behind tho clock. Onco lie left his coat to havo a button sewed on. I had not got around to it yet, und ho had been gono an hour or more, when I lookod out uud saw htui coming up the street on tho keen jump, with everybody turning to lookat him. 1 supposed' the house wan on lire, mid grow so woulc tluit I had to fall iuto a chair.' He jumped agaiust the front donrwith 11 great baiig, fussed around to unlock it, and finally rushed in to yell out : . " where is my cont ?" Is— is the houso ntlro ?" Iasked. Thunder, no ? Whero'H ray coat ?" " Why, hanging ..on tho lmll-tioo." ' "And you've been into my wallet?" " No, I haven't, I haveu't oven touched tho coat." ' He gave an awful grunt of doUght as lie found tho wullot safe, und, as I afterwards ascertained, it coutuined oxuotiy Tdol. and no more. 