ECHOES AND RE-ECHOES. THE YOUNG LADIES'NOVEL. {Br Paddy Melon.] I think I will write a novel. It cannot be a hard task to' accomplish. Alter a careful perusal of one of the young ladiee' magazines with which the literary market is flooded, I j have come to the conclusion that it is much j easier to write a novel of the type therein depicted than it is to read it. You have cer tain hard and fast rules to be departed from on j no "account,' which amplify the undertaking j wonderfully. To begin with, all the heroines aregovernesseB j or poverty-stricken music teachers, and all the heroes are noblemen. The scoundrel is usually a foreigner, which is as it] should be,- mid is no j doubt comforting to British readers; he is also j a count, and is as accomplished as he is sinful. Of course there is the faithful old nurse, who I has enjoyed a pretty profitable sinecure since I the beautiful heiress reached an .unspankable . age, and whose time is principally employed in sheltering the heroine from thunderstorms in her tidy little oottage and dosing her with weak tea and marvellous tough statements concerning the history of the squad of nobility | located in the neighbouring castle. A gb( may be introduced with advantage, who carries on business daring the small hours, and whose mission is to " rustle" its .garments in the • vicinity of some'- belated "domestic. • Bear in -mind that it1 must _rastle;inelver mind about' -the-obvious difficulty of the undertaking ;:let'it. be done orfirethe "ghost out on Us ear. It 'must rtsdO or shunt.--Tit is well,1 too, to (jive a minute and glowing description Of the glories -of the palatial mansions plentifully interspersed ] throughout the book. The person who doesn't i know all about the internal economy of a duke's | castle or a millionaire's mansion ahould not j enter the ranks of young ladies' novelists. Above all, heave in plenty of titles. It is as j easy as not. and it makes the tvork so much more interesting; it is as easy to run the show I under the management of a gang of marquises | and kindred cattle as it is to put up a batch of commercial travellers on your readers. A ] detective may be added too, with advantage; one of those charmingly improbable individuals I to be found in such publications, who goes after J criminals, and catches them too. I have often wondered at Dickens. Now there was a man, you know, who enjoyed a certain measure of success as a writer, and at this moment I cannot remember more than two or three members of the nobility being mentioned in liis works. This was obviously a mistake on his part; he probably didn't think of it. Dickens also exhibits a regretable lack of taste in the Christian names he has chosen to adopt for his characters. When he had a large and varied assortment of such high-toned labels as Max, Maud, Vera, Anis, Una, Lucille, Bex, &c.;, to pick from, be deliberately chose j such names as we meet every day in real life, with no more of romance associated with them j tban there is in a bootjack. I'm rather sorry for Dickens. But a truce to badinage, as one of those delightfully impossible dukes would say. I cannot imagine how these incomprehensibly spineless and vapid productions ever find pub lishers or readers. They are as unattractive as cold jiorridge, and the undisputablefact that j their readers ore almost without exception of | the fair sex is anything but a compliment , to our wives' and sisters' understandings I think. It would show more attractively for Mary ! . Jane to ply the familiar broom in healthy style, ;and. attack the brooding spider in his native j lair, than to curl up in the middle of her morning's work and moisten with sympathetic tears the sorrows of some irrationally-designed heroine, or truculent duke, who would deserve to be broken in two if he ever had had the mis fortune to exist. Sarah Ann would be fufilling her mission more effectively were Bhe to divoroe her interest from the troubles of Lord Galoot and turn her attention to the manufacture of a pie for dinner; his lordship can get along without her assistance , better than the hungry members of the home circle can. I will not presume to hazard an opinion upon the vexed question of -the higher education of j women, but I do think that a more rational literature than that of which I have written should be the mental food for our lady readers; the more so, as they are undoubtedly descend ing intellectually when they condescend to waste their time upon the insipid and colour less x>roductions published as novels in some of the young ladies' magazines. I heard a lively instance of real business the other day. A man borrowed half a sovereign from a friend, and, as is not unusual in such cases, asked him across the road to have a drink and get the coin changed. Next day the borrower returned nine and eightpeuee to the lender, who said, "Why, I lent you teu shillings." "I know you did," was the reply, " but I liavo deducted the fourpeuoc for the drink you had out cf it." 