MEETINGS. CHURCH MISSIONARY SOCIETY. The proceedings in connection with the annual meeting of the Church Missionary Society were commenced yesterday afternoon, when a special service was hold in St Andrew's Cathedral. The Rev John Cain of the Selugu Mission, India, preached, taking as the text of his sermon, " Be strong, and of good courage," Joshua I, 6. " Go ye, therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the naino of the I nthcr, and of the Sou, and of the Holy Ghost, teaching them to obsorvo all things whatsootor I hato commanded tou, and lol I am with vou al way, oton unto tho end of the world," Matthow XW1I1, 19, 20 After referring to tho difficulties of Jnshus's jotlhon w hen ho assumod tho lotdorship of tho Jewish nation on tho death of Moses, and of tho command given to the disciples to lost o their home« ned stnttor abroad oterthofaco ot tho oiflh pronehing God's Go«pol to all people, tho preacher went on to sav that, althouirh it waa 18)0 te ira sinco Christ gato that command tot three fourths pf tho world wore without a knowledge of the Gospel Iho Church lind boen asleep, and be was not sure that ot in now it did not realise it« slothful dis obodienco Hid all the Protestant churches been as uclivo m Pvancolical work as tbo Moravians hail boon a better result would Iluto boon attalnod. Sinco tho foundation of tbo Church Missionary Society in 1306 thoy had no reason to be diBCOurngod with ita work and its result« Ho thon spoke of tha difficulties that au tltoil tho missionary in India-tho immense iniluencothat "casto ' hal on nil elimos of sooiett, tho gradual improvement In tho condition of tho Hindoo» owing to tho introduction of \\\ ostorn culture, nnd Instit tho vast amount of credit that tho secularists and 1 hcosophiBts tvero gaining amongst tho uppor classes of tho peninsula. 1 ho annual mooting of tho auxiliar) of tho Church MiBBionary Socioty was hold in the Chapior-houso, Bathurst-street, last otoning Tbo Vorv Rov tho Doan of Sydnoy presided Proceedings opened with the singing of a hymn, after which the Rev J 1) Langley engaged in prayer Tbo secretar) read tho annual report, together with a etntomont of tho finances of tho socioty Iho report stated that though tho operations of tho auxiliary wero still upon asm ill scale, there had been during the pist year signs giving rise to hopefulness that thora would bo greater usefulness in tho future rho treasurer's statement showed that tlioro bad boon an increase m the funds of tho socioty as compared with the preceding tear. 1 urthcriuore. 63 members of tho Gleaners' Union bad boon enrolled, and important results would surely follow this action Thora had also been an mercase in the circulation and porusal of the publications of tho society, and this tbo committao realised waa a most valuable moans of giving to foreign uitoaion work its essential prominence. A source of encouragement waa alio to bo found in tho fact that in several parishes branch societies had bcon foimed, and in ono at least monthly missionary gatherings wero held when pipers treating of mission work in nil pirts of tho world woro read Tho Rev J Ct\n motod,-"Thit the report and financial statement as read bo adopted and printed " Iho epoikcr roforred to the nccessit) for uilssoiiarioe going forth to spread the Qospol in heathen lands, and requested tho prayers of all Christian wnrkora on their behalf. 1 ho Rev M. Arcbdall brief]v seconded the resolu- tion, w hich on being put to tho meeting was declared unanimously carried Iho Rov. Hudsov Tayiou, who for tho on«t 3-i vears has been prominontlv identified with mission work in China, proposed,-" That this meeting phdgo« itself to ronowod effort on behalf of tho Church Missinnarv Socinlv, nnd rçquoBt» tho following goutlo mon to accept ofllco fo' tho ensuing; your -Committee, tho \er) Rev. tho Dean of St duo, tho ^ encrablc Archdeacon King, the Ret « S Lox, 1 B Iros», M Archdall J D Langlo), C. H Gibson, J Vaughnn, T II Mullins Mossrs W Crane, W II Boater, J Kint, C S V îlkinson, Drs Morgan and Kyngdon bon trensuror, Mr itobort Hill, hou secretarios, the Rot T B Boyeo and Mr. C R Walsh" Mr MnnUguo Beauchamp seconded (ho proposition, which was unaniraousl) carried lbe Rov Dixon moved, - "Thai 'bis mooting records Ita thankfulness upon tho appointment as Primóte of Au»tr»H* and Tasmania of uno who has had practical txpernnco in tho mission Hold and has oxhibittd tery dcop interest In the great wt rk " The proposition was tert brioflt socondod b) the Ret J. D Lundie), and unanimously carried 