CITY POLICE COURT. THxuRseni, MAncn 6. Before Mr G. W. Waterhouse, P.M. John Watt, on a charge of being idle and disorderly and sleeping in the open sir, was sentenced to a week's imprison mnea. - Thos. Padman, Inspector for the Laun ceston.Fruit. Board, proceeded against a number of parties for neglecting to pay their codlin moth rates. Several of the summonses were not served, and one case was postponed for a week, as the defendant stated he had left the property before the rate was due..In the remainder the amount sued for.was paid into Court. -Wm. Burston, on a charge cf using threateninglanguage towards W. H. Abbott, was ordered to pay the costs of the case. ALLEGED ARSON. Catherine Golding. an elderly woman, was charged by SuperintendentArmrtrong with having, on January 27, unlawfully set fire to a stack of hay, the property of Jas. Burns, who resided at Underwood. Accused was defended by Mr M. J. Clarke. Jas. Burns deposed that he was a farmer residing at Lilydale, and defendant was 1I wPotherifsilawe on tje day ji queotgj he was away from home, and pAssed his mother-in.la?'s residenbe, where he saw the defendant; she accused him bf st;:al ing a plough and two aovereigns, and said she would seo fire to his place before night; he went on to work, and on returning in the evening found the stack, which con sisted of the produce of about three acres of wheat, burnt; the stack was in a Dutch barn with no sides, and that also was burnt; he valued the stack and barn at £20; he had not spoken to accused since, and reported the occurrence to Constable Carr the same evening. Cross-examined by Mr Clarke-He was married to defendant's daughter abont 10 years abo; he did not make a runaway msariage, and had not been on bad terms with defendant since the marriage ; he had always been on good terms with her and her daughters, but lately had boderi'ed one of the latter off his ground; when he met accused the morning of the fire she left her house and came towards him, butakI did not see anyone eleo seAudtndg nef the house:; he did not tell Conetablo Carr or his wife whet tho.old woman said about setting fire to the place, but could not say if he told anyone else; Jas. Robinson came over to where he was working and told him the stack was burnt, but did not tell him how it occurred ; his little daughter, Mary, told him that hei grandmother set fire to the stack, but did not tell her that Ben Leo saw the old woman do it ; he did not remember his daughter accusing her grand mother of killing a calf that was alive. Mary Burns, aged 12, daughter of the last witness, who did not know the nature of an oath, made a statement to the effect that she saw her grandmother sot the stack on fire with iA torch, which she stuck In it; she then pulled it out and threw what looked like a lighted box of matches -oh the stack; accused ran away towards her own home, and witness followed and galled out that she had seen her fire the stack; accused denied it and chased her back with a stick; she then told her mother of the occurrence. To Mr Clarke-Witness said to accuised as soon as she saw hecr, " a ! You needn't go now ; I see you "; one of hot two little brothers, who were with her, saw her grandmother fire the stack ; witnces told someone that accused had gone round the stack putting the torch in a number of places, but that was not true; while the stack was burning vhe was talking to Sarah Golding near it; her two little brothers did not set fire to the stack through play ing with matches. At 1 p.m. the Court adjourned till 2 p.m. On resuming, Andrew Jobnston gave evidence thut he was present at a converso-, tion between prisoner and James Burns. The latter was in front of witness when lihe heard prisoner say to Burns-" How would you look if your stack should he burnt before night;" on the date of the fire he placed himiself behind the chimney of prisoner's house when he heard the voices of Mrs Golding and her daughter Maryi Mrs Golding said-"That is the way to serve Jim Burns." To Mr Clarke-Witness was f80 yards behind "urns when the words were heard. ro Police Magistrate-I meant to say I was 80 yards behind. To Mr Clarke-It was accused's daughter i Sarah to whom lirs Golding spoke on the night of the fire and not Mary, when lie t was listniaug bhi hid the chimney. Constable Carr, of Lilydlle, deposed to the arrest of the prisoner, who denied any knowledge of the origin of the fire. r To Mr Clarke--The little girl Mary told o witness that accused set fire to the stack with a piece of lighted bark; James Burns I had not told him that accused had threatened to fire the stack; nacused had hitherto borne an excellent chliacter. L On the usual question being put to the 1 prisoner at the closing of the case for the prosecution, accused ?aid-" I never spoke to Burns on that morning. The little girl f Mary Burns told me that Ben Lee saw me set fire to the stack, and afterwards said it was a lame boy who saw me do it. Later on she said it was a woman with black hair i and a black dress who set fire to the stack. iBurns and I bhad been on bad terms for the past two years, and on one occasion he had played ghost to frighten Sme." Forthe defence Sarah Geolding, a daugh ter of the accused, stated that on Feb ruary 27 Mary Burns went to witness and said she saw accused fire the stack with a i piece of lighted bark; her mother said she had not been out all day; Mary Burns said that Ben. Lee saw Mrs Golding burn the stack, and afterwards that a lame boy had said so, and again that her little brothers saw her; the brothers denied to witness that they saw Mrs Golding set fire to the stack, and Mary Burns then said it was a woman with a black dress and black hair that did it; witness was in the kitchen the whole of the night in question, and denied having said "that is the way to serve Jim Burns." The Court adjourned at 4.30 p.m. until 10 a.m. to-day. 