A TERRIBLE RIDE. t I bought my ticket throuah to Venice of Blanik LU and Son, in London. "You will see our agent in every station, and he owill save yotralltrouble with your luggage, finding your train, and so on," said, with a bland smile, the head man of :e Blank and Son, as he handed me my little book \- of coupons and bowed me oat into the chill fog of the November day. I went next day to : Paris, and spent the day after in the gay shop1 and streets of that heedless, happy, care-for Lo getting town. I was to leave for Turin front y the Gare de Lyonat 7.15 in the evening. VWhen the dusk fell the clouds gathered, and I drove d alone through the pouring rain to the station. . My friends had brought me flowers and fruits, and they would have gone to see me off. but I a refused. They were women-why could not I do as woll as they? And then there was the , agent of Blank and Son. lie was sure to be e there. What could I want more ? I reached the station. The rain beat on my e unsheltered head as a paid the driver twice his 1 fee, for the truly feminine reason that he de manded it. I wentin. No agent of Blank and Son was to be seen. I had any ticket dated,.my trunkbogistered, and then I followed a porter laden with my hand luggage to the train. a All the length of the train for Turin we wan dered-thero was buonoe first-class carriage to be found. I had my first-class ticket in iny hand, and I went up to this one carriage and would fain have entered it. A stolid-lookinc old priest sat there in solitary state, and as? was about to cihnb up he said grimly that it wris t all taken. I pleaded for one little corner, but e invain. Isaid " But monsieur, my ticket is first.clrs, and there is no first-class carriage but this." " It is all taken, madame," came his reply. inexorable as fate. I turned away in despair. ClearlyImuset eithergo second-class or givs ul t my journey for that night. I could not do the latter, for the friend of my heart was waiting for mein Venice, and her plans depended oil mine. At that moment I caught sight, for the first time, of a limp man wearing the livery of Blank and Son. He was the most knock- a kneed, weak-looking creature you could imagine y -still he was Messrs. Blank's agent. Expiring hope was rekindled in my breast,: I cried out to him. Ishowed him my littlebook with my first-class ticket. Slowly, as if hao were going to execution, he went up to the. surly priest in the single first-class carrige, and. slowly he came back tome. " Ie says it's all taken, ma'am." " Yes, but can't you speak to the chief of the. station ? " S "Thoro's no time," and lie pointed to the clock, just on the qtfarter past seven. He was so utterly helpless, so pitiably weak, I turned : from him desperately. Even the second-class carriageshad been filling fast. I saw a vacancy a in only onue. I plunged into it and the porter handed in my baggage. I glanced then at my companions-two beetle-brewed, black-looking men, evidently Italians, smoking fiercely. Terror took hold on me. I uttered a last cry of despair, and a kindly voice speaking English' with a French accent, said : "Madame, can I be of any service ?" and at the moment the speaker sprang into the car- riage, took his seat in the corner opposite me,. the door was shut with a bang, and the trairti t moved away. . I told my tale, and the young Frenchman- who was after all more English than Frenchs;: since he had lived in Engla?id almost, from his? boyhood - tried to comfort me. At that. moment I realised that I hlad drawn off my gloves, the more readily to get out my ticlets and the smnall change for my porter; and that on one hand a ruby ring was catching the lamplight, and oil' the other, a duller glitter betrayed a large sapphire. I had worn the i rings for safe-keephig, but my mind misgave me as I saw hows earnestly the smoking Italians were regarding them. I settled back in my corner and drew on nmy gloves, but now some evil attraction compelled me to look steadfastly, at my companions and try to tqke their smeasure., r It was atask beyond me. I had never seen such men. The head and face of the younger were exactly the imago of the murderer in tMdmo. Tussaud's Chamber of -Horrors. tHappily for the world that murderer- had been Shanged : but could it be that his lnensy ghost was reincarnated in this mian, and had come to. torment the world again ? I had just read "Esoterio Buddhism," and this idea seemed mnst reasonable. There a sort of evil fns: cination for me in the study of these two ruffians. It seemed to me they looked belid .. their tebie9c paelkc like demons seen thlouaagli the sulphurous cloulds of Uhe Inferno. Suddenly. smy French-Englishman leaned forwardi andlt spoke to me.. "Maddmie, I have fear of those Italians.- I like their looks very ill." --: " " I agree with you," I said.- " That yonaiger onolooks exactly like one of Mdme. Tusisnutd's' murderers." - " He makes me less of forror than the other., He is perhaps too young to contrive plans for' harm; but the ,other!' Io'.edrew a:long. breath' !Thie other h. s in his eres a look so terrible, so wicked, it gives me fear. And be= . holdthem! They aro so halhbbs. 'slisat do.. hthy pay second-.lass' fare ?' ould theyu notat be third but for-eom ntisehlief they plan -' . W" What shall.wo do?" I rwhispeled bnck. "Ihope to adefend miiladie while, we wake.' They will wait for us to sleep. We mustnt ot allelt.""- i. 4 : . . i: ,, SThlen -weo settled urseolves back into our, corners and watched the two Italians in silence. , After a while they stoplped smoking,:.and the ; oldest one pulled something black out of- his; pdcket.. I-shuddered. . I thought it rwas a pistol ; but no, it was a small black bottle. Thia mai drhnkfrom it and tlihen handed it to his companion. I thought they were rousing up their courage thus. and I grew cold. with terror. Next the big man took out a clasp knifo nearly a foot long. He opened it, and its bright, keen blade gleamed wickedly In the lamplight. ie cut off a block of bread with it from a long roll for his pompanion and one for himself, and replaced the weapon.a But I knew from thenceforth that itwas .there.: 1l bont, forward and whispered: , Did you see that " "-Yes,- madame, I saw it. They think weo will fall asleep in security when we have seien.' thesm eat and drink." S"But/' Isaid, ".that knife is' not rehssiur ing." - "i Mon Dieh, no! The Italians do 'mostly their murders with knives.".s He whispered'. sepulchrally as if to i' do -murders" were tho, natural and legitimat business of the Italian nation. - Then again we settled liack in our corners,., watching, and the- Italinsis went to sleep, or seemed to do so; but nI thought I could se? themlooking oout froml under tiheir closed lids' now nild theti. and I oplened my ees widelyand stared hard, that they mnight niot for a moment Stluhnk I had goneo to sep. - . About one o'clock in the morning the carriage stopped nnul a man entrred. "-Heaven be thlanked!" wlispored my neigh- . boar; " we are anow three against two. But no, the newcomer belonged to the enemy.. They welcoetid himn. They treatedl him frdm tl black bottle. They cut broad for him with the wicked, glecdning knife;: antd then the three begaan to talk togetlher, eagdrly, excitedly, andIl felt that some catastrophe was imminenit. I watched and watched; lut I stippoeo that weari mess must finally have got the better of me, and that in spite of myself my eyes had closed, for - suddenly I felt a hnnd teuring my watch nsd mny purse from miv hosom, alnd other hands pulli ing nff my glovesianl struggling at my rings. I opened myoyese. nid the oldest Italinan, with - thegle:imsniig knife between his teeth, was clutching my pulrse. 'lThe second one was tear ing off my ringes. and the latest conmer had- got " any Frcnchh-Eniglshundn down on the floor amnt - was struggling with hlinm. As I looked nip the big Italiih caught hIis knife in his lhand. "If yon cry out, one little cry only, I will° kill you," hio hissed, and sy tonguge clove to my monthl. I could not lhvo made a sound, how ever, had I tried. Asld just then the train alackened speed, nud w-ith the change of motion I spraig to miy feeOt. The Italians .woro still sleoping at their end of thle train, and I had but - dreamed a very evil dream. And at that. nioment the traii stoplped altogether, and I 'caught a glow from the new day in the east, mnd the guard tlhreow open the door auid said in- : 'French: - \- "At MNacon a carriage was piut on for ladees .. osly--would madam perhaps like to changb?"P' SAnd indeed madame would, narnd thle Frenclh. - Englishnaan heolped me out, andl the Italians open6d their eyce and nodded farewell, and Lin a moment.more I was alone and rafe; a d the sun rose royally over themountaintops; and the: - esnl had come of a very horrible nighlt.- ~tl --;- " lar'ter lrWeek/a Tinei.. 