THE MERCURY.! -'BOBABT: MONDAT, MAY tú, USO. ! ' i L I ,' ,' ' - % ' * epítome or NEW«. " ' < North v. South lawn tennis match to-diy. Skating Rink open all day to-day. ' Ghost Exhibition postponed. , . Obituary.-Mr. Henry Cook, 70; Mr,. Walter Webster. 40. i I Football match, Fitzroy r. Southam Tas-' mania, a draw. 1 Baseball match, Fitzroy v. Southern Tas- mania) to-day. ' ' -- ! " Along the West Coast," by onr apodal,1 continued to-day. ' 1 Rev. Chas. Clark open« in Town Hall' to-night. ! . 1 , Bellerive races only moderately attended on Saturday. ' I Queen's Birthday celebrated to-day, in event of wet weather volunteers to parade ini great coats. - German-Swiss difficulty settled. ' Turkish Conversion a «ucseas. Franco-English disputes in Canada. I Prince Victoria made a duke and an earl. > Small stocks on hand in copper market. ' Miss Alice Cornwall fined £500 for libel. Wool market active consequent on the tariff outlook in America. Cricket match, Australia v. Surrey, won by the Colonials by eight wickets. Sir Ja«. Garrick declines to «eekBuglish parliamentary honours. Miss Cornwall speaks hopefully of her latest harbour scheme. , Gasworkers on strike to prevent introduc- tion of labour-saving machinery. Antigusian plot discovered in Berlin. Arrests followed. Economist speak« plainly about, the Bank of Ne* Zealand difficulty. "- ' ' ' Pall Mall Gazette considers abolition of Brindisi mail service feasible. Slav in mulcted for failing to appear at Bristol ; £93 damages. ' Application te make Newton a first-class misdemeanant refused. Philatelic Exhibition pronounced a fraud. New South Wales gets a prize. Nova Scotian elections favour a commercial treaty with the States. ,, Russia, so the Czar say«, will remain neutral in tbe ovent of a Franco-German war. Jews must not go in for editorial billet« in Russia. , . Tenders for Sydney loan of £23,000 to be opened on 29th inst. Minimum 104. < Gladstone suspicious of collusion between the Tories and the Popo. Pall Mall Gazelle «peaks very plainly, about the sculling championship. Alleged outrages by French fishermen at Newfoundland. British war vessel > de- spatched, i i , i ', J "Digger" writes in tbe Pall Mall Gazelle that the richest part of Mount Morgan!« exhausted., ¡ ' ' " i ; u ii A Russian engineer claims to have found put how to exterminate ".bunny," and want« to bave a try for tho Australian reward., ' Virginian authorities threaten,to arrest Sullivan and Jackson'if they come there to fight. - » ? U" l'i { ) i Kenumber will bo executed by-electricity ia America; ibis,' despite His appeal there against. ' " > l ,1 j , ..ill . 'I h '/'r Ik j referring .som? time i ago ,,toi ,the constitutions of > ,the new States of America, Montana and Washington, we'pointed'outJ that! ..they^ evinced1 a distrust of ,tli'e'Legislatures, as, great care was taken to limit the powers of these bodies, i They also shot? a con- siderable distrust of the'1 Executive, as Boards haye been appointed to manage various^branches of the public servico, whilst .'(¡even, the1 power of the Governors to, pardon criminals has been made > subject to the assent of a special()body. , We dwelt somewhat on the fact-a most significant one-that these precautions showed a dqep dis- trust of legislative bodies, the1 result, beyond doubt, of. the experience of the people, who now seek,, in the i new States, and where jthey revise ! the constitutions, of old ones, to'lirait (the legislative, and( J frequently ¡the Executive, power. This.distrust, how- ever, does notL appear to be peculiar to the United States, as some have sup- posed, but,it iç.clearly growing even m Great Britain, where the supremaey ¡and illimitable character of theLegisla jture has been roughly expressed by the ¡Baying,that Parliament can doanything except make a woman into'a man. This conception of the practical omnipotence ¡of'the Legislature is the growth of 'quite modern times. ' It is, m fact, an outcome of what may be called the ¡New Radicalism, which goes so far, indeed, as to' make the omnipotence belonz to one branch of the Legisla- tura alone. The constitutional struggle in Victoria was over this very thing, although English writers cannot be made to understand the fact, the settlement of the point being a great gain, for a time at least, to the cause of sound Government., We may pre- dict, we think, still another develop- ment at no distant date, unless Legis- latures ave wiser by far than ,tbey seem likely to be, such a development as"is 'going on in the ,United' Stafejs, and which is already visible in England in the.'works 'oft the more'lcapable Writers on subjects ' relating to government, i Brofeasor/< Dicey, for example,. ' in- > a ;:'recent i uriumber ' of the Contemporary Beei'm gföu a careful description of thel, Jlknss referendum to which much attention has been called recently by the publi- cation of books giving an account oi the constitution of the Swiss Republic, the most successful organisation of the kind in the whole world, when ne take the discordant elements of which it is composed into account. This referendum is a restraint upon the Legislature, being another form of veto, that of the people instead of the Monarch or a President It is a popu- lar admission of the fact, so often denied by third-rate political thinkers that some such veto is necessary, as legislative bodies are apt at times to do very rash and dangerous things, and are always the more confident in their folly, because they claim to re- present the people. In Switzerland any measure may be referred to the people, either by a majority of the Legislature itself, or by a demand on behalf of the people made by a certain number. Thus, the Legislature cannot change the Constitution, for example, except by popular consent, as a de- mand for the referendum can be made, and the changes must be submitted to the vote of the electors. It is argued that one great advantage from this system is, that public opinion is ob- tained on a direct issue. We know that under the existing system even a general election is not a conclusive test on any great question, because mem- bers are returned for all sorts of reasons, many of them having no rela- tion whatever to the subject on which the appeal has been made. Now, the referendum, it is urged, enables a definite verdict to be obtained on a dis tinotissue.unaffected by party con ¡dera- tions, or by the manyside questions by which elections are rendered compli-j cated, and often unsatisfactory. 'The people exercise the veto, instead of the Sovereign, whose power in these days' is very limited, and in a more conclu- sive manner than a President, who1 can only restrain the Legislature for a time. ' It is,' in fact, a popular check' upon the Legislatures, which experi- ence shows to haye a tendency to be-j come reckless, whilst at times they( maybe corrupt. . That this system of veto should be advocated in England must be re-' garded as an outcome of the change! in the character of the House of Commons. It proves the practical foresight of men like Lord Sherbroke and Carlyle, who foretold that the making i of the House of Commons merely representative of numbers, must lead to an eventual break-down of the Constitution as then understood Carlyle called the change " shooting Niagara," as he conceived that it must1 result in thegovernment of those least1 fitted to govern ; but Lord Shebbrokh' insisted that the change in the Com-! mons must be followed by ono in the, Lords, which would give to that House! a real power of veto. At present the tendency is in Great Britain rather to' abolish the House of Lords than add to its power, a fact which seems to be causing many persons to cast about to find some method by which the rash rule of a bare majority in one House can be restrained. That some such restraint is required is everywhere admitted. In the United States it is now being sought by limiting the powers of the Legislature, even though composed of two Houses in all cases, and there appears to be no doubt that very decided steps in this direction will be taken as the various Constitutions come to be amended. lu England we see the same spirit revealing itself, in the shape of proposals to limit the power of the Legislature by a direct vote of the people on grave issues, a spirit which may be said to show that there is already a feeling of danger arising from the new character of the House of Commons. That the feeling, or the perception of difficulties likely to arise from the handing-over of absolute power to a bare majority of one House is spread- ing, may be learned from what has taken place during the recent debates in Sydney on the appointment of dele- gates to the Federal Convention. One member-a member whose speech is regarded as the best yet mode on the subject-intends to move that the question of Federation be relegated, to a^ vate of 'the whole of the electyirs of the colony. It, is not improbable thátthis^ proposal mayr yet }bpr given the force of law, for there is, clearly, a distrust of' politicians as euch, .which 1 is not unnatural, when we consider the, circumstances) of the i parties in the Parent Colony and the 'peculiar; action,of¡the Premier. i(No doubt a . plebiscite such as wo have been accustomed' 'to see - in ' France; when Louis ! Napoleon wanted some new ' usurpation confirmed, is, a t "thing to be dreaded, for it means simply.'an official regulating1 of the votes, to a very great extent. It may be objected,' too, that a general vote, as in Switzerland, is an appeal , from those qualified to judge, to those who1 are unqualified. Theoretically, !}his last objection is very strong, but the fact'is, that majorities in one House, which has made itself para-; mount, have not won the confidence j and the respect of. the people generally, 'and are deeply distrusted by thinking 'men all the world over. , Thus, we see, 'now that there is so strong a tendency, in the House of Commons to sweep,all] ¡old restraints on its omnipotence away, suggestions for a veto ot the ¡people,' which find quite 'surprising favour, and which have their'counter- part in many of the changes going on ¿n the United States, and are hotf un- heard of in these colonies. ... r i, i j ,,,. j mm ' li. in,/ Oxce more it seems a fair thing to raise a protest against the way in which the Cana- dian sculler, O'Connor, is boiug treated in Sydney. At first it was said that all the men had mado their arrangcments;'and sou Until the matchoa on hand were decided he could not bo'accommoda tod., That seemed s, pity, but it was apparently unavoidable. It' Seemed a pity that a man like O'Connor should come across the world in the plucky way that he did to find even the' suspicion ¿f a cold shoulder being turned against him. One had, however, to believe those who said he would bo accommodated at the first opportunity, and to wait for that timo to cerno. No s that timo lias como, but what do we find 1 :AU i this willingness for' a thatch has apparently disappeared, and instead of that thora is a haggling ovor ternt's'that is'worthy^only of two old)Womon in j'a ¡market, plaao. '.Kemp lias lmatenn McLean,¿andithe next thing;i'toiha'»done' in oonneotion with the vacant championship * ¿for Kenjp'to'raeet.O'Con'nori'as their re lationship in regard to Searle is fairly parallel. Instead of the Kemp party- for to Kemp's credit it should be said he docs not seem to have taken an active part in the proceedings - being w illing to allow O'Connor his chance at tho earliest "posslblo dato, they fit the stakes for which alone their man will row at such a high rato that it is practically impossible for'O'ConnoFto cover it. O'Connor Is a poor man, and £200 is all he eau loy down ob his stake. Yet thoy say no ; £500 or nothing, arguing that as Hanlan would not row for loss, his countryman bIiouM bo bound by the samo rules So O'Connor is left stranded on' the cold, inhoapltablo ahora of impocunlosity, and the crowd of Sydney " sportsmen" stand by and do not apparently so much as give him a hand. Tho point to bo modo citar is this : There is no assertion that O'Connor could row for the larger «um if he liked. 'It is apparently admitted on all hands that ho is not in a position to do so ; and so to bind him down to conditions which may have been fitting enough in one case, but yot are very hard in his, I« surely straining the point a little against tho stranger. If the facts aro cabled to England or Canada the feeling oreated will bo ¡an unpleasant one, and tho Sydnoy people may have the mortification of hearing tho sum has been «cntiout to enable O'Connor to get " fair play in Australia " The sooner the men row for the ohamplonship the better. Under the peculiar circumstances the ques tion of stakes should be given a back place, nther thin allowed to postpone the contest. I A curious point in connection with copy- right has cropped up, owing to the \ ¡ait of tho great English comedian, Mr. .T. E. Toole, to Australia, It will probably mako theatrical managen, and especially those in I London, very imich moro careful of tho way in whiob they disposo of what aro knowií as the Australian rights in pieces, that in to say, the right to play those particular piece» in tho. Australian theatres. In the past, or so, it is said, these rights have benn looked upon in a very supercilious way, and where they have not been actually given away, sometimes as a complimentary show, of friendship to a visitor, the price charged has, been almost a nominal ono. Now all this ia likely to be changed, as Mr. Toole finds that owing to a little carelessness of this nature he is precluded from playing one of, his best' characters during his Australian' engagement. This is The Butler, a comedy, which has always* been a «uro draw for! him lu London, and which there, he1 would as soon tl|ink of giving anyone a «hare in a« he would think of committing profes-' «tonal suicide. But then Mr. Toolo d14 not alw ays uon template the Australian trip and so when'a i demand, or requeat, was made for tho Australian rights of the work by Mosers. Brough and Boucicault it was acceded to na a matter of course and'thoy have sinco performed tho pieoe at this'end of tho world, and dono well by it. Now, how- ever, Mr. Toolo makes up his mind to visit tho Antipodes.ha finds in the very first el ty he perform« in, the firm who share with him the proprietorship of The Butler, and who, hav- ing all the appointments for it, and indeed, having nade money out of it, are1 loath to let it go. The result is that Mr. Toolo is deprived of one of the prinoi pal characters in his repertory, and the public are deprived of Boeing him in a part which more than any other is said to give him full scope for his peculiar prowess. No one is, of course, to blame. It is only tho fortune of war, the, accident of com- petition, buk the result will inevitably be that Australian rights will rise in tho money market considerably forthwith. Like a good many other things Australian, they are not yet, or have not yet been, properly under- stood in England, or properly appreciated, but there will be a rectification on this one point as tho tale of Toole and T'A« Butler gets bruited about. Now that tho West Coast has boen recog- nised as an important part of the island, it would be well if a little more attontion were paid to its requirements The roads around Strahan are disgraceful, notably that from tho township to the beach. Much is ex- pected from tho West Coast, but little is done to help it. Tho railway, of course, is proceeding, but that is no reason why the roads should be neg- lected. If the boggy or vegetable matter wore removed, a good foundation would bo obtained, and the Minister of Lands might with safety grant a sum of money to put matters straight, a grant which few would cavil at. Something in that direction has already boen done, but it is insufficient The Postmaster General mightnlso turn his atten- tion " westwards " Postal and telegraphic accommodation is most disgraceful. 'At Strahan there is nothing to indicate which is the-tolegraph-offico.-tlio- provision-for writing messages, could nqt¡.bo .»orso, and generally matters nro " drifting " A place from'which so much is expected, and more- over likely to come, is worthy of bettor attention, It is , no , |ongei the ',* Wild West" of years ágo¡'huè a district in the first stages of prosperity A little well ti-ned help and attention will work wonders, and the Government;, will lose nothing by helping those "who ore ali cady trying to help themselves. A SUGOKSTION has been made in tho Sydney Assembly relative to the appointment of delegates to the Federation Com ention, that thsy should be appointed, not by Ministers, but by the Ministerial and Opposition sides of the House in equal numbtrs This eng gestion is tho result, na doubt, of the dissatisfaction that is felt at the ex- clusion of Mr Dibbs, who, as it ap pears, has a considerable following It ia i quite possiblo ¿hat tliiSj suggestion may be acted upon, as it-Will remove many causes of discontent, and demonltrato/iu a ¡conclusivo manaor, that in federation ¡niatters'thcre'must bo absoluto impartiality [in regard to political'parties ¡A lesson of tin« kind should not bo nccesBary, but it is 'unfortunately,' both'in New South Wale« and m Tasmania, thiscolony having led the way 'to a!ba?dVminencc inmatura federal Tfi KGRAinc -Karlchi notified tho Tele graph Office'dn¿Saturday that the Turkish .route was right. I Fisheries Commission -Ah arranged at j tho last meeting of tho Board, the lislicries 'Commissioners, Mesara 'M Seal, Tarleton, ¡Shaw, Perkins, Webster, Morton, and the Secretary, Mr P S Seager, visited Brown's ¡River on Saturday afterneon to decide the extent to be protected fron; netting at, the I mouth of the river After a careful * inspec j t ¡on of both sides'of the entrance'to tbe 'river, a line was unanimously agreed hy ¡which'netting should be prohibited" r ' ' i Public Works Tenders,-The following tenders ha Ve been accepted -Branch Road« .Construction Act, 1889,-East Castra road' 'Main line, A Stevens, £31 10s,; road-, ¡Rosevale to Westwood, contract ,6, Sloaue and Reid, £333 0a. 5d.) road-Raminea to, Hastings, contract,!, Closo and Ray, £380, road-Doran'« Gate to -Whitbread'«, J. Wilton, Strahan, Guffnoy and Harvey, £167 10s. Cancellation -Tho ' tender of W. 'Horton, gazetted 20th | mat, ,for ropairs to police buildings, Beaconsfield, is hereby cancelled Deep Ska iFi^ihíju. - A public meeting ¡will: bo held in the Tempérance Hall, Mel ville street, on Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock to hear wl«it steps ure being taken to develop Tasmanian fishing resources ! I 'TASMANIAN IlEMIKIUNCE AMlANCK. - A public meeting will bo hold in tho Temper ance Hall, Melville street, ou Friday evett ing, 30th inst., at 8 o'clock, i I :, { Masonic -Tbejbretliron of Paoifio Lodge No 801) E C , aro reminded that a lodge,*)!,, emergency wil( be held at ¡the Freemasons' Hall at^jq.jfor ¿the .despatch of i bosUcss. Visiting brethren, ore invited. - Hon. A. T. Pillinger on the East Coast.—The Hon. A. T. Pillinger, Minister of Lands, returned to town on Friday evening after an official visit to the East Coast. Mr. Pillingor left Hobart on Monday last, travelling as far as Campbell Town, thence proceeding by coach to Riversdale. During the night he stayed at " Gala," the residonce of Mr. John Lyne. Next morning (Tuesday), the Hon. Minister proceeded to Bicheno, and took a note of public requirements particularly as to jetty accommodation which was considered insufficient. On Thursday a start was made for Spring Bay, the Hon. Minister taking a note of works required by the way. About 5 p.m. the s.s. Endeavour arrived with Signor Bernacchi, and took the party across to Maria Island where they were hospitably entertained. A tour of inspection was made of the Island next day after which the Minister crossed to the mainland, journeyed to Campania aud caught the express for Hobart. " J.LLUOTKATKU 1.UNUON XStWS. - J 110 Au8traliisi-.il edition of the Illustrated London New* for the current week is of special interest to miners, inasmuch as it contains a number of very inlet eating sketches of mining operations in the Malay Peninsula, Palian« is tho field illustrated, and tin pic turo shows bow the work of dam building is carried on there. The Easter . manouvres furnish several interesting pieces, and a half page picture entitled " Springtime," is of a typo that would charm the eye of a bacholor or even a susceptible benedict. Tiik Pkrsimon.-We have received from Mr. S. W. Westbrook, a sample of the Japanese persimon, of which a number havo been grown in his garden at Bellerive, ono small tree having produced a batkctful. The fruit, Uko tho mott lar, has to bo kept until it is quite soft, when its flavour is said to be dohcious. Mr. Westbrook hue several varieties of tho fruit, the one forwarded to ns being known as "Gosbo " Most gardeners believe that this fiuil will not ripen in this part of the colony, but the sample tent to un shows that they are mistaken. Ciir-fuw Pahadk.-The members of tho Defence Force had a Church parade yester- day afternoon. The men assembled at tho Barracks in the afternoon, and all branches of tho forco were fairly represented, consist- ing of Artillery and Torpedo CorpB, Riflo Regiment, Hutchins School and ChriBt College, Cadets, and Permanent Forco. L'eut,-Col. ' Warner was in command,, and tho " other stuff officers present were Major Wallack, Major Just, Captain' Mathieson The parade numbered about 200 officer« and men, and after being 1 mirshalled in oompany order, were marchodj »a St. David's Cathedral headed by the Garrison Bsnd, under Bandmaster Bates.I Those of'the Catholic persuasion attended, service at St. Joseph's. At the Cathedral the Rev. J. W. Woolnough, Chaplain of the Forces, preached a sermon appropiiato to tho occasion. The playing f the band during the march and in church was much appro-' ciated. At tho close of the service the men were marchad back to the barracks and1 dismissed. St. Mart's Cathedral -The annual distribution of prizes to the children attend- ing tho Cathedral Sunday school took placet yesterday. There was a large muster of the children, despite the threatening aspect of the weather, which interfered with tho attendance of the parent« and friends. Xbej Archbiihop presided, and handed the prizes to tho children, with a word of congratula- tion to each of the fortunato ones. After, the distribution, His Grace addressed the 'children at some length, reminding them of the necessity of regular attendance at Sunday- school, and of the debt of gratitude they pwe to the num and ladies of the laity who conduct the classes. He then spoke a; few words of enoouragomont to those who had nut received prims, to endeavour by regular attendance, application, and ox cmplury conduct, to bo amongst the success- ful compctitorafor prizes at the next annual, distribution. After receiving the Arch-j bishop's blessing the children dispersed.;| Christians' Ciiai-el.-Mr. H. G. Picton, tho popular anti-infidel lecturer, preached, morning aad evening yesterday at the Christians' Chapel, Collins Btrcet, to very attentive congregations. In the forenoon his text was Jude I., 20, "But yo beloved, building up yourselves on your most holy faith, praying in tho Holy Ghost." Tho ex- hortation was a good example of the heart eloquence, in which Mr. Picton so firmly be- lieves, and it contained wholesome lessons for Mb hearers. In the evening ho delivered an cxcollent discourse on Mark, ix., 0, " Verily I say unto you, that there be some of them that stand here, which shall not taste of death, till they have seen the Kingdom of God como with power." Thore was a good attendance of members of tho chapel and others. Mr. Picton will deliver other lectures this week on Secularism and kindred subjects, and leave for Sydney on Saturday. Youno Men's Christian Association. The usual weekly Gospel Temporáneo meet- ing was held at the Association's rooms on Saturday evening, Mr. John Macfarlane in the chair. In the course of a short address, the Chairman said that, after all, intemperance was only one among many evils that existed around ub, and the great cure for it all was the Gospel itself, for if the heart were re- generated the life would bo right. Mr. Mitchell also gave an address. Solos.were contributed by Misses Maum and Dcntith, and Mr. Goodwin, and a duet by Miss Holland und Mrs. Hume. Tho meeting closed with the Benediction. The Late Mr. Walter Wedster.-j Tho announcement of tho death of Mi. Walter Webster, which reached town on Saturday was received with general regret by many friends. Mr. Webster had been m delicate health for some time post, and tho immediate cause of death was a severo attack of congestion of the lungs to which he succumbed on Friday night, at his resi- dence, Longley Hotel, Longley. The deceased, who had only attained 40 years of bro, was the second son of the late Jolin Webster, of Swansea, and will be long re- membered as a popular and enthusiastic sportsman. As a yachtsman ha was a prominent member of the Derwent Yachting Club. He owned a boat, tho Swivoller, and also sailed tho Neva on man} n.otable occasions. ) Ho took un active part id forming (ho Hobart Athletic ÀssoJ ciation, m connection with which several Successful athletic meetings, wore held-, Jn turf circles 'Mr.' Webster^wjs also.wojl known, and owned at one time the trotting maro Lubra ' Doccasod was ouo of tho pro- prietors of tbo Huon coaches, and was well known as an excellent whip. He leaves a wife and four children to mourn their loss, ,BWitaL'Iti;ms.-Jamea Sanderson, aged 7, was admitted to the 'Hospital yesterday¡ suffering from a bruise on tho face, having been kicked by a horse. Ann Mitchell, aged 55, had a fractured collar-bone treated, she having been thrown from a chaise cart Cnv Police Court.-Before Mr. / W.i I Tarleton, P M , and Mr. G- Crisp, J.P., ou Saturday, George Gates pleaded guilty to steading a set of cuiriago liai ness and graces, trio property of C Soy mom, and was son*( tenced to three months' , imprisonment. Charles Turner, aged 14, churged, with stealing four watches, the property pi.John, Gatwuid, pleaded guilty. Defective Gav'itt said accused had been iii ' the employ of Gatward about a fortnight. The .Police, Magistrate, having regard to the, boy's j future, sent lum to the Training School for, I three years " *~ Rfw'jCjiarms'i C£ark.-This!j famous lecturer, who arrived in town on, Saturday 'night after a very successful ricason in Laun iccston, will make his re appearance, Mn Hobart'after'an absence of IO years,1 this evening, when in tho Town Hall he will deliver his celebrated lecture-entertainment, " The Tower of London," which ends with a peroration most suitable to the' day, "England under*"Victoria-"-1 Mr. Clark's fame and ability aro so great and so well known that a large attendance' is assured. As to-day is a public holiday it has been arranged that the ulan of seats'shall'be «pen in the vestibule of the Town Hall.' where itickets may be obtained. i ¡i ' < j ' Bream Creek.-On Friday Bishop Mont- gomery, accompanied by tho Rev. J. C, IBrammoll visited Bream Creek State school, and there met a hear'ty ' reception1 at the hands of a number of Church'of England members and others. The school-room way decorated most prettily/ for the occasion. |At the entrance was an arch.most splendidly .designed of flags, while inside wore, suitable mottes well arranged, amidst the décora- tions of ferns and flowers of every description. _ JThe tables .bore credit-, aületestimony as to the.good things pro- vided, and reflect the'highest credit upon ¡Mesdames Bloomfield, of"Bream Creek and Coppington. The Bishop delivered an address,, and a very .pleasant evening ? was spent. ' ' ' ' ' ' I 1 i i > » > G. Nicholls, Globe Brewery, begs -to draw attention to his very Superior Stock of Ohoice Wines and Spirits. A Single Bottle maybe hod at Wholesale Prices; also his Malt Ale, which obtained the highest awards at tho Melbourne Centennial Exhibition, 1888 89, which may be had in Quarts and Pints., Dandolion Ale, a Refreshing Summer Drink, and which is guaranteed to keqp in all climates, may bo had in,Quarts and Pints. This Ale is extensively used tn'ali'the Aus- tralian Colonies,'also by. the General Ho«*, R Hal arid the ' Tasmanian'Government,', ¿na ighly'recommended W-the I kmrmtitmao'toriVufarivtifo¿.V\M üctlnd«ttiW«Ter¿r.J Jil- °> --1 BinjTaV: 