THE NOVELIST. WHOSE WAS THE HAND? By Miss Bbaddon. Author of "LadyAudley's Seoret," " Phantom Fortune," " Dead Men's Shoes," "Gat far the County," "Taken at the Flood, " Weavers and Weft," " One Thing; Needful," " Mohawk*," &o;,, &a; CHAPTER XXIV. A GLOOMY EETBOSPBCT, Pedro Perez and his beautiful wife started for Madrid npon the evening after their marriage. They travelled with all the oom fort that wealth can give. Dolores had her mother and her maid as duenna and atten dant. They went to the beat hotel in Mad rid, where, at the instigation of hia wife and> mother-in- law, Perez engaged the hand somest suite of rooms upon the first floor. Bis dread of ridicule, his jealous doubts and suspicions prompted him to hide the treasure that he had won for himself; but some natural pride intervened, and he could ■ not refrain from showing himself in the fashion able drives and promenades, with his lovely young wife bv his side. Uradually it beoame known to all the finanoial world of Madrid ■ that the beanlful girl who went about with Pedro Perez was actually hia wife, and visits of eeremony and congratulation beoame frequent in the amber satin salon au premier. Madame Perez aooepted the situation with perfeot eqanimity, and showed to better advantage as a wife than as a beautiful bird in a gilded cage. If Bhe was not happy she was at least better contented with herself and her life than she had been in the Rue St, Ouillaume. So far from repenting hie marriage Perez giew daily more devoted to his wife and more anxious to make her happy, He submitted to all Madame Qui jades exactions, and allowed himself to be led by the nose by his mother-in- law as well as by bis wife; and in this happy disposition he returned to Paris, where he at onoe oooupied himself in the task of selecting a fitting home for the lovely yonng wife of a millionaire. Everybody whom he knew in Perk haw heard of his marriage, and he had to endure the congratulations of his aoqnaintanoes* which, as he was particularly shy, were agony to him. Be had to endure a good many sly thrusts in the papers, and more than one caricature of ha belle et la bete; bnt' he bore it all, and after a week or two con sented to mount an elegant Victoria with a pair of matchless blaoks, and to show himself in the Bo is at the fashionable honr. A ooupd was being bnilt for Dolores, and a second pair of blacks was being looked for. Madame Quijada and her daughter being of' opinion that a stable to be distinguish^ must be all of one oolour. After looking at a good many houses Perez - finally deoided upon one in the somewhat solitary Avenue Reiffsohossen, which had been bnilt for a famons actress during the palmy days of the Empire—the avenue being: then known as the Avenue Hortense—and which was at least a mile from the Are dm Triumph. The house stood at some dlatanoo from the road, and was concealed by a thick soreen of aoaoias and other ornamental trees and shrubs. The garden bad been o&refully; laid out, andthestableshadbeen,the particular care of the first proprietor, wbo was a con noisseur in equine arrangements. This Italian villa, with its grounds and depen dences, had cost a fortune, but it was offered to Pedro Perez for about a fourth part of tbe original cost. He liked the property, in the first place because it was a bargain, and in the second plaoe because itB solitary position gratified his idea of retirement with the wife of his oholoe. He did not want to live in the heart of .Parle, where Doloree might be encouraged to eet tip a aalon, and where the men be knew might find it too convenient to vlelt hie bandBome wife. That solitary Italian villa, with its eoreen of foliage, incon veniently remote from the bney haunts of men, was the very home he desired. Dolores and her mother both admired the. honee, and both oomplained of ita surround inge. The neighbonrhood was a deiert. It was on the wrong side of the Bois for fashion, and beanty. Like all bargains, the property was hardly worth having, For onae in a way Perez was resolute with hie charmer. He would bny that house and no other. "If yon would rather go on living in the Rue St. Guillaume," he said, "I won't, interfere." "I detest the Rue'St. Guillaume," replied! Dolores petulantly, so the Italian villa in the" Avenue de Beifisohossen was bought, and. Dolores was allowed to furnish the new house after her own fanoy, and without any; consideration of cost. Oniy in one matter did her husband exercise his authority, and' that was in the choice of the household. All' the servants were engaged by him at an offioe in Paris; but he allowed LouiBe Mareet to. assist him in his choice, and to be present' during the negotiations. She was to be housekeeper in the new villa, having shown a . talent for management and economy in the.' Rue St Guillaume. Madame Quijada was' allowed to ohoose her own suite of apart ments on the ground floor, in a wing beyond the prlnolpal rooms, which were vestibule, ■ dining, and billiard-room. Dolores had her boudoir, bedroom, dressing, and bathroom on, the npper or noble floor, while her husband had a corresponding set of rooms on the same : floor. There were two email rooms at the baok of the honse, divided only by n narrow ' passage from the suite oooupted by Doleres,. and these were appropriated to Madlie.. Mareet, as sitting-room and bedroom. A. servants' staircase at the end of the passage ' brought her in close rapport with the offices below, and enabled her to exercise a useful' surveillence npon the household. The eervsnts' _ bedrooms were on an upper story, almost hidden by theclaeeio ornamentation of the roof. Anopenloggladividedtheapartmente of th» master and mietrese of the house, and formed a means of communication in summer time, and a neutral ground where hneband and wife might meet in their idle hours, Dolores was full of plans for decorating this loggia in an Oriental style, so soon as spring and' summer ehould revisit the land. A Parisian winter did not promise much enjoyment from an open loggia, however architectural and Italian. The Installation in the villa took plaoe very quietly, though both mother and daughter had suggested a ball, or at least an evening party, in honour of the pendaison de la cremaillere. Perez reminded them that they knew scarcely half a dozen people in Paris, and asked where their guests were to come from if they were to give a party. " Madame Perez has only to hold up her finger in order to fill her ealon," replied' Madame Quijada, with dignity, "or, in other words, yon have but to say to one of the best-known Parisians at yonr club, * My wife - is going to give a party, and I want you to send ont two or three hundred cards of invitation on her part,' and the thine i< done. We shell give music, supper, and wines tbat: people talk of for a week; and after that everybody in Paris will want to oome to the Villa Berez.'' "A very excellent way of squandering money, ana ooartlng dieoomfort," answered Perez tartly. *' I bought the villa for my wife and myself, not for all Paris." "I foresee that we shall be as dismal here as we were in the Hue St. Guillaume," sighed Madame Qaijada, who did not forgo a mother in-laws privileges of saying disagree able things. Finding that society was still forbidden frnit, Madame Qaijada sonk into a elongh of seneoae pleasures, and rejoiced in the lnxurione surroundings, her daughter's cordon bleu, and her son-in-law's wine oellar. She began to regard the midday dejeuner and the 7 oVjlook dinner as the two oljief events of the day. She did ample jastioe to the pro Curecoa, wbiob i —a minature goblet from which Tltania her self might have drank, only Tintanls wonld hardly have refilled the glass so often. In the afternoon Madame Qaijada enjoyed her siesta in true Spanieh fashion. In the even ing she was more alert, and played doarte with her daughter for small stakes, whioh she generally won. If Dolores would not play there was always the touffre douleur Louise, who had the whole oharge of the household on ber shoulders, and who had to please the three people who constituted the family. Madame Quijadahad given over the entire duty of housekeeping to her nfeoe, and rarely rose from her easy oh air exoept to drive out in her daughter's Viotoria, or to go to a theatre in the luxurious ooupd, when Perez was disinclined to eseort his wile. Nothing had been heard of Leon eluae his disappear an oe, and his aunt's moat earnest hope was that she wonld never see his faoe or hear hie name again. There were episodes in her life whioh ahe wanted to forget, now that she had attained to that respeotability whioh wealth can give in a moment to the most doubtfnl antecedents. It was in searoh of oblivion that she filled and refilled the little Venetian goblet after dejeuner or dinner,- end there were times when ahe felt that all the Chartreuse the good monks ever distilled would hardly be strong enough to drown certain hannting memories. \- Perez Peru noted his worthy mother-in law'e indulgence in the pleasures of the table, and remarked npon it to his wife. " If yon don't look after her better she'll take to drinking,," he said one evening, as they drove to a boulevard theatre, leaving Madame Qaijada sitting opposite Louise at the little osrd table, with flushed cheek and glittering eye, " Bah, if she has just me pointe now and then it can't matter," replied Dolores, oare lessly. " Her dinner is the only thing that amnBes her. Yon won't let ns give parties, or know any amusing people. You have banished even the poor old Duturques. They were dull be they were alive, and they were better oompany than chairs and tables." " Yon are very ungrateful, Dolores," Perez answered, with a piteous look. "I have refused you nothing, except to ohauge my manner of life. I have always loved solitude, and hated strange faces. I should not be a millionaire if I bad not possessed the power of self-oonoentration, of living on my own thoughts." " Bat now yon are a millionaire—and three times a millionaire—yon ought to enjoy life." " To enjoy life ie to live quietly with you— to have yon all to myself, not to see yon sur rounded with young people, who wonld old I despise your old huBband, and teaoh yon to despise him. Yon talk about giving: balls, Dolores. Can yon not oonoeive what torture It would be to me to see you danoing with young men—handsome, fasolnating, un principled, relentless in their pursuit of the women they admire 7 Men who would talk oi yon at their clubs, compare you with the 1 vilest of your sex, discuss your every oharm —lay wagers about you—as to who should be your favoured lover, and how soon you oould be persuaded to dishonour your husband, 1 could not endore to see yon admired, knowing what admiration means among the youDg libertines I meet at my clnb. You cacnot understand what an old man's love is, Dolores—how jealous, how exacting. Yon forget bow poor a recompense age ever gets for its devotion to youth." 1 " I don't mean to be ungrateful," Dolores ^ .answered with a deep sigh, and then she I turned her head away from her husband,! and studied the passing carriages, thejl&ncurs; upon the hroad aspbalte pavement, the glitter and splendour of the ahop windows, shops that seemed designed only for the I . accommodation of millionaires. She was going to the theatre in all her glory of jewels, diamond stars in her hair, a necklace of single atones, each gem worth a roaUre's dower, diamond serpents in single, double, and treble ooils winding up her slim round arm. She wore a simple evening toilette of some blaok gauzy material, bat the Chantilly laoe npon her gown was only second In value to the gems on her neok. When a beautiful young woman marries age and ugliness the least she can do to assert the claims of beanty is to spend her hoeband'a money royally. The theatre was the Ambigu, where a new ■ comedy of Sardou'a had jUBt made a hit, and where all Paris was crowding nightly. Dolores was amazed when she found that the box that her husband had scoured for her was only a email one on the pit tier, where neither her beanty nor her diamonds oould be adequately seen. He had his old fancy for these shadowy little boxes, where it pleaaed him to hide hie enohantress from the vulgar eye, but in spite of these jealous pre cautions Madame Perez was already known and talked about as la belle aux diamonds. Her husband's reputation as a triple millionaire gave a special interest to her jewels. People gloated npon gems whioh might have cost half a million, if Perez please. He oould have spent half a million, rednoed his fortune by a sixth, without feel ing any poorer. " He could make ae much in a week if he chose to atart a new mine," said the fl/Lwars on the Bourse. "He has bat to write & prospectus, and the money ponra in like water. He has a Golconda in his ink-pot." While Perez and his wife were langhing at Sardou's biting wit, Madame Quijada was winning Lonlse Maroet's half-francs by her astute and studied play. Louise took no in terest in the game—indeed hated all games of cards—and only played as a pars of her duty In that bouse where she was the shadow of everybody else's sunshine. They had played nearly an hour and a half when the elder woman threw down the cards with on impatient eigb, instead of dealing them. "We have played long enough for to-night, Louise; I am tired of winning such miserable etakee- How ghastly the silenoe of thle house Is! Nothing but the tiek, tiok, tlok of that olook on the mantlepieoe, and the oraokling of Ithe logs now and then. Yon may get me a finger of fine champagne. I feel very low to-night. This house ib killing me." 1 "You onght to be moch eaalar fa your , mind now that your, daughter has been placed in an honourable position—note that yonr conscience is at peaoe npon her account," aaid Louise, gravely. "My conscience! Don't preaoh to me about coneolenoe. I have done with all superstitious bugbears. I finished with them before I left Marseilles. I have never entered a oburoh since my marriage. I was overdozed with religion in my girlhood. I married a clever man, who eoon taught me to laugh at the old fables." " And were you happier, do you think, for abandoning the old pathways ?" asked Louise, gravely, arranging the cards, with her eyelids oast down, as if she hardly liked to meet her aunt's eyes while she spoke of saored things. " Happier 1 Happy—happier—happiest! Those are idle words, ohild. I don't believe anybody is happy. £ don't believe in the existence of happiness." "Oh, you are. wrong, auutt There are moments, hours, days in this life perfectly and beautifully happy—daye to whloh one looks baok afterwards as to a dream of lleaven daye to which one looks forward after death, hoping that God will give us baok that happi ness tn Heaven,. Those brief daye are balanoed by long years of misery; but they have been—they have been. There ie nobody on tble earth who hae not onoe been happy. The word is not an idle invention." " Well, I suppose I was happy iu my time —happy that Easter night when Qaijada fol lowed me borne from the ohnroh door, and talked to me while my mother walked on ahead with my eider sister, your mother, little enspeeting that I had an admirer making love to me under oover of the dark ness, He was only olerk to an avoui, but those who know anything about him said that he was one of the olevereet young men in Marseilles, and as my parents, were only small shopkeepers they did not make many objec tions to my marrying him, We had only a couple of rooms to live in, and thirty franos a week to live upon; but it was all bright enough for the first year; and then, I found out things about my olever young husband. There was more money, but it was'nt come by very honestly, and we had to leave Marseilles one night in eeoret, never to go back there. We oame to Paris, of course— everybody comes to Paris —and Dolores was born in a little street near St. Germain l'Auxerois, where we straggled on somehow—till the end came for my husband, the bitter, cruel end. Are you ever going to get me that mouthful of oognao?" " Yob, yes, aunt, but indeed you would be better without it." " How dare you dictate to me ? I am eiok and faint with thinking of my wretched past. Get me some cognac this instant 1" Louise left the room and returned with a tiny carafe and Titania's Venetian goblet. She did all she could to discourage her aunt's growing propensity for alcohol, but she was only a dependent. She might remonstrate, but she was oompelled to obey. " He was arrested at a low dancing plaoe, among men and women of the vilest oharaoter, men who were like bad women, women who were like viciouB men," pur sued Madame Qaijada, eagerly helping her self to the cognac with a tremulous baud. " Why dwell upon those bygone troubles? I know all about tbe sad story. " It does me good to talk—anything is better than tbe silence of this ghaBtly room white and gold—so white, bo oold, eo cheer less, like a room meant for ghosts. It is a relief to talk of what I suffered in those days. He was arrested for robbery, swindling, a long series of frauds, and he was taken to prison. I never saw him alive again. He hanged himself at daybreak, within two bonis of his arrest—hanged himeelf with a silk handkerohief upon the iron bar of the prison-grating before he had even been ex amined by Ithejuge diiutruction, and before hie j alien thought it necessary to take any special precautions against suicide," " Von were muoh to be pitiod, aunt," said Louise, qnietly, putting away the neat little boxes of cards. one nau neara sne story or aer suns s mar riage very often of late, for Madame Qaijada bad grown more loquaoioas in proportion as she indulged in aloohol. She did not talk of these things to Dolores, who had been brought up in ignoranoe of her father's character—had, indeed, been brought up to believe that the defunct Qaijada was the eoion of a noble Andalusian family, whereas the lawyer's olerk of Marseilles was the son of Ja pettifogging lawyer, and the same Qai jada. had been only adopted by DoloreB' mother when she went to Madrid, She found the name in a volume of Cervantes which she opened at random, " Oh, I have had a dreadful life, Louise. I have been surrounded by criminals," cried Madame Qaijada, after two or three little glasses. "Don't talk of it, aunt," repeated her niece, with a sudden vebemenoe. "You ought to be wiser than to talk to me of the Saat, knowing how muoh I have suffered— nowing that I ahall never oease to suffer from that bitter memory, that the very pre sence of that man in the room stifles me. I cannot breathe when he is near me. I feel ae if I must fall upon him and kill him, as be killed " " Hush, hush I" cried her annt, looking apprehensively towards the door. " Yon are right. We ought never to talk of the past. It.is dangerous, dangerous in every way. Heaven be praised, we have not heard of your brother for six months. We may never hear of him agaio." "Ah, 1 always dread him moBt after an interval of absenoe. He will reappear ae he has reappeared before—or, if not, we ehall read of some crime that has been committed in some foreign city, and we shall know that it is his work. He has neither heart nor con science. Can I ever forget, do yon think, how be killed the man I idolized—the best and most generous of men? Can I ever forget how he need my name—name for everihore hatefnl to me—as a lure to draw that good, brave man to hie death ? And yet he dares to come into a room where X am—be, dares to offer me his hand, red with the' stain of murder." " You have no right to fix that crime upon yonr brother," Madame Qaijada exclaimed angrily. "There is nothing to identify him with the murder, absolutely nothing. Your name might be nBed by any one. The nnfor tunate man may have talked about yon, boasted of his aonqnest in the presenoe of his servants—of some Frenoh or Italian butler. perhaps, who, being in the honss, would know all . his-master's intended movements, and all about the money whioh was to change hands that day. Servants are often agents— eonsefons or unconscious—* in crimes that mystify everybody. You have no right to astociate Leon with the crime." " I have the right of my own oonviotion. I know as well that it was his hand that struck the blow as if I had been standing by when the mnrder was done. I have no donbt about the mnrderer. What I want to find ont is the identity of the murderer's accom- i plioe—before God and man as guilty as the murderer himself. Who was the middle nrerf woman who met Robert Hatrellin the street, and ashed him to go to Antoinette Morel's deathbed? Who was the woman who ueed that lore? Who'was the elderly Frenchwoman who charged the English bank notes on the Riviera? Can yon answer me those qneetions, aunt, yon whose bread I have eaten—the bitter bread of dependence— and whose slave I have been einoe my illness left me nnable to grapple with the outside world ? I have been afraid to live anywhere else—afraid to be among other people, lest in some moment of dark thought £ should betray my brother. He is of my own blood, and I have sworn to myself never to give him up to justice." "Give him np 1" cried her annt, oon temptnonsly. Why, yon have not one shred of proof against nim. There is nothing bnt your brain-eiok fanoy to oonneot your brother with that Englishman's death. Yon are toqttfe, child, about Robert HatrelL Your poor brain has never got over the fever that your eiok fancies brought upon you; and one ought to be patient with you, and let yon talk any silly nonsense you like. Luokily for your brother the polioe are not influenced by hysterical women. They want facts, hard facts; and there is not one fact to conneot your brother, Claude Leon Morel, with the crime in Denmark-street." " Or you with the mysterious accomplice," Baid Louise, " Perhaps not. Yet if that is so why did you both ohange your names within a month of the murder? Why was I made to change my name from Morel to Marcet,and to assume my second baptismal name in plaoe of my first ? " Yonr brother had made himself notorious daring the Commune. He was hot included in the amnesty, and he oould not return to Franoe in his own name. He was supposed : to have been shot with the others at Satory. His reaurreotion would have been dangerous." "Say that the false name meant nothing; but how do you aooouut for the sudden ohange from poverty to wealth ? Yon and I were living in nn attio in a wretched dirty street in one of the shabbiest, dreariest quarters of that great wilderness of briok where we had taken refnge after the troubles here. One day yon disappeared without, telling me where you were going, leaving me jnst a Hue to say you were going away upon buelneBB and might be some time away, xou left me penniless, exeept for the pittanoe I was able to earn by workiog for a Jewish tailoring house, cruel work, whioh wore my fingerB to ths bone. You had been gone a week when I heard some women in the court where I lived talking of a murder. I oould just understand enough English then to know what they were talking about, but I lietened heedlessly enough until I heard the name of Ratrell—not prononnoed as I pro nounced it, yet a great horror came over me at the thought that it might be the same name. It was not he who was murdered, I told ^myself. I was an idiot to be so dis turbed by' fear, and yet I could not com mand myself or keepoalm while I questioned the women. Tbey couldn't tell me who the murdered man was—only that his name was Hatrell, They said if 1 wanted to know more I had better buy a newspaper. I rushed ont into the street like a mad woman, and it seemed to me sb if I should never find a shop where they sold newspapers, though there were hundreds of shops in the long busy street. At lsBt I found a tobacoonist'e where there were a lot of newspapers stuck in a rack against the doorway. I took three oi them, haphazard, and gave the shopkeeper the last threepence I had in the world—the penoe toat were to have bought food for ths day. I hurried baok to my garret as fast as my feet would carry me. I thought more than once that I should fall down in the street, for my knees Beemed to give way under me. I would not truBt myself to look at the papers till I was safe in my own hole, like a wounded animal; and then I bolted my door and eat down upon the bare boards and unfolded one of the newspapers." " Why go over all this old ground, Louise ? A little while ago you reproached me for dwelling on the past; and now you are harping upon old sores. You have told me the story often enongh." jLiOuiee naa Degun 10 pace cue room in en agitated manner as she talked, while Madame Quijada sank deeper into her luxurious arm chair, and «at there looking up at her nieoe with an awe- strioken countenance, as if she had been Nemesis. Time was when she wonld have put down all such speeoh as this with a high hand; but the growing habit of brandy and chloral had weakened her energies, She who onbe held so firm a mastery over daughter and nieoe waB now powerless to oontrol either. " I will talk of these things. Tou have kept me long enongh in miserable silenoe and submission. I (have been your drudge—not because 1 feared you, or valued the house you j have given me—bat beoanse 1 oare nothing for my life, and wonld as soon be a servant as an empress. But there are timer when the memory of tho past is too strong for me. I want yon to know what I Buffered while I was alone in that garret. The room comes back to.me in my dreams sometimes with a hideous reality, and 1 fancy I am kitting there in the hot summer afternoon, stitch ing, stitching in hopeless monotony, as if I were a human machine. 1 must talk of that hideous past. It is in my mind, always; it is a part of me." She walked to and fro in silenoe for a few minutes, and then went on reoalliog her mlsbry, step by step. "The first newspaper that 1 opened was full of the Denmark-street murder—and the Denmark-atreet murder was the mnrderof Robert Hatrell. I could read English muoh better than 1 oould apeak it, and there was not one word of the witnesses that escaped me. 1 saw my .own name, land nnderscood that it was tho name of bis poor Antoinette wbioh had lured bim to the shambles in which he was to be killed. And then 1 knew that the murderer was my brother—my brother whose face I had not seen since the first few weeks after we came to London. I knew that the pretended watchmaker in Denmark-street was my brother, and that the woman who asked Robert Hatrell to go to the deathbed of a girl oalled Antoinette must be you, and only yon. And I knew that because Robert Hatrell had onoe been kind to me, and loved me a little, perhaps, in spite of the differenoe in our stations, because of those fewhappy days of mygirlhood, he had begn trapped and murdered. It was not till afterwards that I read about the changing of the notes on the Riviera; but when I did I knew well enough that the grey-haired Frenchwoman was yon. I knew your shifty tricks well enongh in the past to know that yon (would have no difficulty In disguising yourself and aping the manners of a woman That v of quality. That was months afterwards, when I was well enongh to leave the Frenon Hospital, where I was carried raving mad with brain fever after starving in my garret for nearly a week, trying to work from day break till dork, and spending sleepless nights of agony. But for the refuge that blessecT in stitution afforded me,I must have died of hunger in my garret, or been turned out of d sore to die in the street. My landlord was a oabdriver, and he had the humanity to put me into bis cab, burnt up with fever and delirious as I was, and dries me to the hos pital, where he told them my story." nil " ' I sent yon money as soon m I had settled at Madrid, where I went in the hope of get-' ting help from an old friend." " Yes, your letter , telling me to go to Madrid and enclosing the money for the jonrney arrived after I had gone to the hoa EitaL The letter was given me when I ad rebovered my senses, and when I was able to travel I set out for Spain. In Madrid I found you established in very different quarters to oar garret in the Minories. Your old: friend had been very generous to yon. You who had been very nearly starving in London were able to make a very good fignre in Madrid, able to send your daughter to a oonvent-sohool, you who were living onUread and water before Robert Hatrell was mur dered. Do yon suppose I ever donbted where yonr money came from ? I knew from the beginning that it was the price of blood. You oalled me mad when I refused to eat or drink with you while your prosperity lasted. Yon laughed at me bsoause I pre ferred a ornst of bread in my garret to your dainty fare. When yonr money was gone snd yon were again rednoed to poverty my mind was easier, I could better bear to live with you, and then 1 grew fond of Dolores she at least was innooent of all evil— and so I learned to bear the life," " Yon are a fool," mattered Madame Qui jada hastily. "I have heard all this rodo montade of yonrs so often that I never think it worth myjwhile to argne with yon. Jnet give me yon arm to help me to my room, before Dolores and her husband oome home from the theatre. These rheumatio knees of mine will hardly oarry me upstairs with out assistance. You are a fool, Louise. You might be a milliner's drndge, toiling among a lot of other drudges at this day if it were not for your eouein Dolores aud me." " I might have been lying at the bottom of the Seine long ago if it were not for Dolores," answered Lonise,'gloomily. "Her lOT-.has been the only bond that held me to life." 