AMITSESTG. Biife (the chicken-borrower)-—'' Fo'd goodXawd, Mistah Gliost.liifFme godis tune en I nebbor come hcahagm-!" Mr Coopley (of the Georgia "pine-district)-— " G'long 11 hain't no ghost. - They wor a tai*-'n-fcatheiin' bee last night, en th' olo -woman's made me stay out hyjir till th' effects v.-cars oil." -■ ' An elderly fisherman, a widower,- and childless, feeling lonely in his solitary home, decided to look out for a new help meet, and fixed upon a middle-aged fish wife of his acquaintance as an eligible spouse. ".Jean," said the the old worthy 10 the lady of his choice, "I was thinldn' aboot talon' anither wife. "What dae you say lass?" " Tak' anither wife r " sneered the lady of-the creeL . "."What wad ye dae wi a, wife, ye auld fool ? It wad set ye better to be thinkiu' . o' the warld to .come. A wife, indeed 1 Ye ve a gey cheek, and nae mistake." " Deed, -Jean," pawldly replied, the lover, who, as he saw he had no chance, was determined to give as good as he got. "Deed, lass, I mak' ower mony parritcli T the morning, and gin I dinua get - a wife I'll need to get a soo." -Collapse of the lad3'_and trimuph of Jock. There is something in housekeeping that awakens all thesmall curiosity of, some people. The elegant ladv of societv rvhen she owns a fine house is not above commenting: on the condition of the back j-ard of her neighbour's establish ment, noticing the blinds or. tbe front steps, or the back windows, or who goes in or who goes out. T,shouldn't wonder if even the .millionaire's "wife knows how much milk the ncxt-.door. family takes and how much bread, ; and • is perfectly, aware, bjr watching the ehutchcr's boy, what tbej- have for dinner. .. " I am not a hit eunoiis," .the lady said, . " not a hit —and I don't care what my ..neighbours no ; . hut. that family- opposite must: use 011 all the time." *'Ho," said her husband, " I see tbe gas : burn ing now.' "Well, I don't care. They must "bum about two gallons of oil every day." " What makes you think that.- ' /-Well,' tbe old man there goes °.UJ grocer's with an oil can three times a day, and brings it back full of bib'' She worries her husband so mush about tills extraordinary fact, not be cause she was curious at all, but because she wanted to know, that at last, having a slight acquaintance with, the old man, he took the liberty~ to stop lfim one day and ask him about - it..: " Do you find oil so much cheaper and more coir venicnt than gas ? " "Ho, we don't Use oil." " And what do you- " :" You mean this oil am ? That's all right. Don t give it away. I am only flying the duck, rushing the growler. This 5 beer." . , ..... The first Hapoleou seldom said auy tlring agreeable to women, and be fre quently addresed to them the rudest and; most extraordinary remarks. To one 'he would say: "Heavens, how red your el bows are! " To another: "What an non head-dress you have got!"' He said one <% the- beautiful Duchessc de' Chevreuse, in the presence" of all the circle of the Tuiilerios: "Ah! that's droll enough; your hair is rccL" ^ Perhaps it is, sire,"- replied the lady; out this is the first time a uisu over told. iucso.?J " . There.was a very irascible old gentleman "who formerly held the position of justice of the peace in one of the Amcriam cities. Going down the main street one day, one of the hoys spoke to liiur without coming "b nis honors idea of deference. Young man, I fine you five dollars for contempt of court." " Why,, jud-e " said the offender, '* you are not in session.' "This court," responded the judge, ttiorougiily irritated, '* is niwa3's 111 session, aud consequently alwa3*s an oojcct of contempt I" _MrSlowpav: "I don't like to com plain about trifles, Mrs Snapper, but my iiash appears to consist largel3' of fru VAen*f board." Mrs Snapper (the landlady): " Well, wliat Idud . of tto you expect for tUeiumav you par-me.' Polished maliog.invr" 3Ir Bilius: "Mario, I don't like to have that spider-legged dand3' of a Per mns hanging about Uie house. Does bo come to see one of tbe girls ? ; Is it possible an3r of them would ■ encourage, such an. idiot?" Mis Bilius: "Mr Pcrluus seeuis to me, John, to he a very warily- young man. •... He. comes to -see Bessie, aud since his aunt left liim.-that handsome legacy he is-r—" Mr Bilius (greatlymollified): "Oh, if he means business, I've no objection. I didn't want him. to come here ■ trifling—that's all." ... „. ... A well-known dentist tried - hard to cobeet a. lrill, but after many, ineffectual efforts said to -tire debtor, ;" I.do not in tend to send 3-qu any more bills, aud I don t intend to sue,- vou; but there is one thing I want to .-.'tell 3-ou. Evey time you cut off a piece of beefsteak" and pass it to 3-our wife, I-want 3-ou. to re member that she is not- chewing; that beef with her teeth, nor with 3-our teeth, but with my teeth." In two or 1 three days he received a cheque. The notion of those'douhly false teetli in his wife's. I mouth was too'mueh .for • the - husband;-: Yisitor:" "Parson,11 came to have- a | talk with you about that; lowrdown . soil j of a gun, Jones." . -, Clerg3-man : " You. snould not use ' such • harsh .language. What has. he done ? ".- " He is • ihy neighbour,- and lias anno3"ed mc in a thousand ways. He poisoned my - dog ; G. "told ..lies about nicstb'.tlic 'other neighbours,1 and he never leis'an opportu nity-pass to annoyme.".,- "My dear - sir he will be punished in due time. And if he csaqics in this - world; ■ justice -will' .surclv" ^ overtake - him kin the next.": ."That's all right, parson;: but'sup 1'°?° tlie scoundrel repents on his death hea, what then?" "Dot us hope for the: best,' quietly responded the. parson. The Worhl is a lucky paper.-; iWhen: the Imnan steamer, -CSty. of : Paris was disabled on.her last -tiap rto'titiveipopl, by the breaking , of het'e'-macliinerv,' it bappened -tbat ; Mr.-xBallard: rSihith, one of. tbe ll orltT& \- .staff..was- on --board.1 .IVhen tbe steainsHp; which;! -was hcin<r towed by the steamer Aldersgate, - was near enough to the Irish coast to permit .Mr Smith was rowed ashore .-ina small boat,., and . i<> ^ nearest idegraphstation he sent a: full account °t the mishap to Hs - jrapers which , was puhhsncd in . the Stoa/ay Ubi/'l, ■ one of the biggest "scoops" that Talert -and enterprising, newspaper -has made. ' in some 1 time. ., Other, papers came along with- the. news 2-1 hours" afteiv They are sorry they didn't have a special correspondent on board too: i . The very-becurreuce of^hrutal outrages b3" the Yew York policc ou' defenceless incfR/ie'+lin aL '• A detcnmhed-looldng .man,.'.T\iBr a nose like the beak* of a hawk. :l bad eye, and; haili up froiii the ground like a hank safe,: applied for a position on : tho Hew-York: police force! "Doyon tliiirk 3"ou can make,arrests and guard: prisoners so tlrej ■will not escape r" asked' the police Com missioner. The applicant smiled a smile tlmt made the'.tbughcst policeman present feel imcoinfortable.. It was. similar, to the smile Mansfield uses as Biehard HI. ."If you had six" prisoners and' onewas to escape, would, you leave the five, and fol low the fugitive?": "Of course not. I'd club the'five to death who ' didn't try to run away, so l would know where to look for .them." when I got hack with the body of the sixth man." " You have been, on the force before," said the Com missioner, as he filled out an appointment for the applicant. 