SEYENGE. ' * I'di not ?worried about it,' answered Marguerite 5 * my shepherd will return to me.' ' May I inquire what his business is in Paris ? i He probably wanted to see his banter.' ' Probably ? Don't you know for cer tain ? Fni more and more astonished j I thought he told you everything.' * He does tell nie all I care to know.' * That's right nay dear,' answered Madame D'Ornis. * You are strong in faith. It's not the saving kind, but it's useful not withstanding. It keeps you from being jealous. Besides, what good would it do if you were to question Roger ? Nothing is more disagreeable than a question. 'When we lived together, he would often discover, while shaving in the morning, that urgent business required his presence at Lyons, Dijon, or even Paris. I would ask him what his business was. He at first used to make up some story for me ; but at last he simply answered, ' I'm tired of home, and want a change.' The times are very different now ; he doesn't get tired any more.' ' Axe you fond of music, madame ?' in terrupted Marguerite. c I have a new piece upstairs that I shall be glad to play for you.' ' I don't like anything but cliurch music. Keep your demi-semi-quavers for the amateurs, my dear. — By the way,' she added, * there's a story in our neighborhood about a scene in a bathroom — ' 1 You forget, madame,' said Marguerite with a laugh, ' that there's nothing more disagreeable than a question.' * Unless it is advice,' she answered/ and yet I'm going to grve'you some. One does disagreeable things at my age, and foolish things at yours. I was about to tell you that it would be a foolish thing to draw M. Bertrand here.' ' I draw him here ! I think I received him — ' Oh, certainly. I know all about it. Your servants are great gossips, and I've been informed that the gentleman made himself very much at home. The story has amused everybody in the neighbor hood. It's not because people are mali cious, but they want some occupationj and when they can talk about their neigh bors — * '? ' What advice have you to give me ?' interrupted Marguerite again, with some thing like coolness in her tone. * Axe you afraid that I shall encourage M. Bertrand' s advance ?' ' Let us be serious about it. I have already said, and I now repeat, that ifs your duty towatch over youx husband and to oppose his caprices whenever you can. I don't know what's come over him ; it seems as though, during the last few years, he had determined to sell out his property piece by piece. Why does he find it necessary to turn everything into money ? Last year he sold H. Du Rozan a large field and a, strip of woodland, answering all my remonstrances by saying, «* Money is worthless trash, but we must have it.' The most absurd of all his whims, though, is his fancy for M. Bertrand. Th-ia ma.-n has been banished from all respectable society ; he is received nowhere except at this house. While I was mistress here, he twice visited the castle. I managed so yycjj. luuiii .ut* wenx on witnout tajcmg any thing with him. Just think what a bad effect it would have, my dear, to see a load of old relics and family portraits leave the castle. And then people would blame you for it. They would say thatyou were ig norant of the common courtesies of life—' * They're not to be learned in a carpen ter's shop,' said Marguerite. « How much the poor carpenters have to answer for.' * I have nothing against $iem. There's room for everybody in this world. It seems to me, though, that this ought to be a matter of honor with you. Among the family portraits that M. Bertrand covets there are Borne of real merit. That's another strange thing about Roger. Formerly he used to like to have these portraits about him^and had them hung him in his study. Now the wind has changed ; in the unsettled state of mind in which Raoux's death left him, he had them all- carried to the garret, telling me that he couldn't bear to see them staring at Tii-m, I particularly commend to your care a crayon drawing by Latour, about as large as your hand. It's a portrait of a great aunt of Roger's, a D'EpinaCj taken at the age of twenty five. She is in ball dress, and has a rose in her hair. Her hair was beautiful, and of a color just like yours, my dear. The poor lady had an eventful Hfe. Her hus band, who began by worshipping her. ended by beating her. Such things do happen sometimes. One day she ran away with her lover, and such -a lover !-— he was a lawyer's clerk. Mav God have mercy on him! When she had Had enough of her dear clerk, she entered a convent ; she died with an odour of sanctity about her. . Her portrait is mar vellously beautiful. Picture to yourself a lovely face, with a pink and white com plexion, a little ' 'jponting- - mouth,, and handsome brown eyes- — they were* something like yours, too, bnlyjtiifiy werxi; quite deceitful. :5pu can. almost Jsee. the lawyer's clerk, if you-'searchthem care fully. It would he a sad thjngijo hiaW such a. treasure fall into M. .Bertrahd's Hands. ' Take good care of ii^I heg of you* Ton ought to talk-seriousiy-io Bog*r— * ; * Why don't you epeak to him yourself, madame ?' * It would do no good, I have n.o in fluencd over Him now. You Have suc ceeded to my rights, it's just that you. should bear my burdens too.- — Ah! does your shepherd frighten you? I believe in proverbs, my dear. If you treat the wolf too well, the wolf will eat you.' As she spQke, she drew her cashmere shawl over her shoulders, rose from her seat, and again pressed her daughterin law's Hand, saying-, ' You ought to take advantage of your husband's absence to come and. dine with me without ceremony ; then we can have a good talk together. I can vgive you an omelette, since you like them, and can season it to suit your taste, I think.' ' I'm always suspicious of the seasoning,' replied Marguerite with a smile. ' Will you come ?' *I prefer to wait till M. D'Ornis returns.' The old countess broke into a harsh laugh, which displayed all her pointed teeth. l To tell the truth,' she said, * you don't dare to dine with me without ask ing your tyrant's leave. You are cer tainly afraid of him.' Marguerite accompanied her to the gate. ' Ah !' she said to herself as she saw Her movingViway, ' you are a bad woman, and I shall not try to love you.' She went upstairs again,, and taMag up her new piece of music, played it. through. While shutting- her piano, she thought of an old woman Geneva, who was noted for her *.-,.-;s and ugly disposition, and who never called on her acquaintances, without making some spite ful flings at them, or telling them some unpleasant story about themselves that was circulating through the neighborhood. Uncle Benjamin detested this old vixen, and as soon as he caught sight of her, always cried, - Look out ! here comes that hateful adimal.* This brought to her mind another phrase of Uncle Benjamin's, an answer that he always gave Her when she was a little girl, and asked him about things that she could not understand. c There, there, Margot,' he would say, ' when you are grown up you will find that there are a great many things in a chosier.' ' What is a chosier, uncle ?' she 'would ask. * It's whatever the Lord uses to put things in. The great chosier is the world, and there are a great many little chosiers, such as a young girl's head, and ifsa» harder thing to understand than you have any idea of.' Yes, indeed ! she thought ; it is difficult to understand. She tried to work at her embroidery, but she was too nervous to fix Her attention on it. It seemed as if some venomous in sect Had stung her. She wanted to bathe in the fresh air. She put on a gray felt hat trimmed with red feathers, threw over her shoulders a cloak of velvet lined' with fur and started for the park. In pass ing through the parlor she saw her figure reflected in the glass, and stopped to look at herself a, momont. ' I don't see but you look well enough,' she said- * I don't believe you. could find such another hand some head of hair within ten miles of Here. The great trouble is that in your little chosier there's a longing for such happiness as cannot be f ottnd within fhin House. The ceilings are too high for it' A moment afterwards, she descended the steps, and went into the park, draw ing her feet through the dead leaves that covered the walks, and listening to the sad rustling that they made. She soon grew tired of this music, and sat down on a bench at the base of the noseless statue. | She gazed for a longtime at the castle and its massive architecture. * How immense it is !' she thought, and for the first time she j asked herself, if it were not a caprice of fortune that Had brought her iiuere.. — j ' The linnet wants a. nest, and not an eagle's eyrie,' she said, « I take up so little i room, and this castle is so large, I feel ! lost in it. If I Had been trained for'this kind of life since I was 10 years old I 'might perhaps have grown to Eke it. The people that I grew up among -were no bet ter than any others j they scolded and quarrelled and were jealous, just like those that live in castles. They were always frank and open-Hearted, though, and they lived too near each other to surround them selves with' mystery. When Husbands went away, they gave a reason forit,andif their wives weTe troubled, they always Had. their Household duties, their knitting,-or their accounts to occupy them. What Have I to do ? I'm not permitted to attend to any thing. As soon as the dinner is- ordered I have the whole day before me, and don't know what to do with it. My greatest misfortune/ she added, 'is that I've always lived with those who loved me dearly, and I've become accustomed to it. There's only one person here that cares tor me, and. ± don't see rirm -very often. Every one *else that I meets is watch ing all the time to see me say or do some foolish thing. The worst of it is, I can not live without love, for vanity does not Help me in the least.' She felt Herself drawn on bythis-cur-^ rent of sad thoughts, and Her gaiety left her for the moment. She rose,- and, with folded arms, _ paced slowly round and round the statue. At last picking up a pine cone from the grass, she murmured, I 'It's a little pet no larger than this I want. Those little darlings help to fill up the time.' Then, holding' the cone in her hand, she stood, looking at the bat- j teredstatue of James D'Ornis, field-marshal ! and commander of the Holy Ghost. T5ob-\ ?withstanding the irreparable outrages ! which time Had inflicted on his j countenance, His frank and martial face pleased Marguerite. * Yxra look like a good I man/ she said, * in spite of your missing nose, and it seems as though I conldtalk with you. You have been in -the camp and in the court; you axe acquainted with the -world and the vicissitudes of life ; you have no fixed ideas and narrow prejudices, like spine people that I know. ^Perhaps if you were to return to life, you would be surprised to find* Marguerite Marion Here, talking so' familiarly with, your 'trtatiie ! perhaps you would be as tonished to learn, she Had become a mem ber : *-£ your family. You must judge ijhiag6r by their h&vais;^ however. \~- If I ain ever fortunate enough to present your house with an heir, he shall be worthy -riE you. ;. J. ynQ. $«*ch: him to be jnt^le-minded both, in what He -loves^ and what He Haies. I wSlfitnve' ±6 kindle m Mb breast that courage- wiicb, enables iisJtorfiiCTggi&-£0£ the right, and even to die bravely for it a Nerwinde — f or that's where you died, old fellow:!' she added, leaning forward to read the inscription on the pedestaL At this moment she noticed that she was still holding the pine cone in her hand. She put it to her lips, and^ closing her eyes, covered it -with kisses, until coming^jp Her self and laughing at Her folly, she threw it far away upon the lawn. Marguerite turned back towards the castle. Her conversation with the field marshall Had rendered Her more cheerful 5 she felt disposed to think better of herself and of those about Her. ' It's very singular, though/ she thought. - I've justpromised that old stone Hero that I would teach my son to become a brave man, and yet it would be safe to wager ten to one that I shall not Have sufficient courage even to mention the matter of the portraits.' As she thought of the pictures she became somewhat curious to see them, espe cially the .portrait of that poor young Mar chioness D'Epinac, who Had been first loved, then beaten by Her Husband, and who had finally eloped with a clerk. She felt touched by Her misfortunes, though she could not excuse Her errors : true women are so constituted that . they love and pity while they condemn. She Hastily returned to the House. Before starting on Her search, as she wished to Have no one know what she was about, she sent Her Hus band's valet with a letter to the post, and dispatchedEanny with a message to the sick woman 'whom she was in the habit of visiting. She could not Help laughing at her own precautions. * Any one would iihin'k it was a crime to visit a garret/ she thought. ' I'm almost as much frightened as Blue Beard's wife was, when; she entered the mysterious room.' As soon as she found Herself alone, she went up to the third story, passed through the corridor, ran quickly up a wooden staircase that she found upon Her left, and stopped before a great carved oaken door, which had. a very uncompromising look, as though it were accustomed to keep away intruders. She -opened it, notwithstanding, though-not without great difficulty} she Had to use both hands to turn' the key. The door grated Harshly as it swung upon its Hinges, seeming to utter aery of complaint or protestation. It had been taught 'to dislike curious people. ????- The garret was lighted by two large dormer windows, and did not appear to .be either dark or uncomfortable. It was in good order and not very dusty. THepieces of furniture that filled it were arranged in rows like files of soldiers ; it was an easy matter to pass them in review. Marguerite, who was^experienced in such matters, saw very quickly that there was nothing among them of much value. She thought she would not try to keep them from M. Bertrand. She passed on to the prrtraitSj, which ware leaning against the wall ; it -was easy to recognise the mem bers of her adopted -firmly, :. All these D'Ornis resembled sach other ; -fchey were dark and ithin, with narrow, compressed lips, Hooked noses, gleaming eyes, and dark, stem brows. 'What a lot of night hawks !' thought -Marguerite ; ? -fchose-large, brows seem full of secrets.' She was delighted, at last, at finding' the charming portrait of the Marchioness D'Epinac j it was in the bottom of a chest, wrapped up in a piece of canvas. As she saw it, she gave a little cry of pleasure and admiration. The picture was a gem. Madame D'Ornis had not ex aggerated its merits in the least. The expression of the eye was strange ; Marguerite did not discover the lawyer's clerk, but she thought she could perceive within them a gentle sadness, a vague presentiment of evil, a mystery of mdan-i choly and gloomy expectation. She sat down on the chest to gaze leisurely at ^this portrait which seemed to fascinate Her j she could not turn Her eyes away from it. * If s true,' she said 5 * it does resemble me a little. ThffcHaiT, the neck — AhJ I see,,, the mouth is too small; it -would be impossible to laugh with ,- such , a mouth. It may be well enough in; a picture, but in real life, I shouldn't 'KVft it at alL — She must have beeiua melancholy Marguerite. Her eyes are searching the mysterious future. I would rather have smaller eyes and a larger mouth, I think.* She began to laugh aloud, as though to sHow the portrait how to do it. As her voice resounded* through the garret, it frightened her. It seemed as -though it were wrong to be merry there. ' Why shouldn't I laugh ?' she said. Then- look ing at all the D'Ornis staring at her,«H« added, * Those sort of people don't like to see others Happy.' So saying, she turned their faces back against the -wall. As she was about to put Madame D'Epinac into her chest, she felt that she could not be separated from Her. She thought it would be too bad to let ?£*'« charming ^marchioness fall into M. Bertrand's hands, that she would plead Her-cause-Tvhen the time came, and, meanwhile, would take care of her, and make a companion, of Her in her solitary hours. ' . She carried the portrait to- Her room,, and looked at it often, during the day. While she was undressing it stood upon Her toilet table, and when she weirfr to bed^ she took it -with her,,talkiag to itr.and making it tell its story. * So he first, loved and afterward beat you/ she said. * Why did He do it? You were not a coquette, and He was not jealous. Perhaps you made him angry; perhaps you talked. too much with your mother-in-law. You can't be too^cautious with such sharp people- — and so, one day, not being able to bear such treatment any longer, youxan off with a clerk. Was he very handsome? Whether, He was ox not, you soon found out How' heartless your lover, was— then yotL*inade your peace with God by entering & eon- : vent. There seems to be a charm in a nrmV-veilj it drives away* sad memories. THafsa resource I could never Have. J. should suffer remorse for twenty years. Twenty yeara of remorse, L thinfe: I'd-, rather frill myself.' . (TO BE ^OOKBOTOEi).) 