"FROM THE NILE TO THE NEVA." ' "I TNDER the title "From the Nile to the Neva," Punch publishes a forcible cartoon representing the Czar trampling . -on a Russian Jew, and drawing the sword of persecution, while the shade of Pharaoh restrains him with the exclamation, "Forbear ! ( That weapon always wounds the hand that wields it." The ■ cartoon is accompanied by the following verses:— [" And the Egyptians made the children of Israel to serve with ' "vigour. And they made their lives bitter with hard bondage." —Exodus. " The Russian Government, by the new edicts, legalises perse cution, and openly declares war against the Jews of the Empire." —Times. Beware !" 'Tis a voice from the shades, from the dark of three thousand long years, But it falls like the red blade of Ra, and should echo in Tyranny's ears With the terror of overhead thunder j from Nile to the Neva it thrills, And it speaks of the judgment of wrong, of the doom of imperious wills. When Pentaour sang of the Pharaoh, alone by Orontes, at bay, By the chariots compassed about of the foe who were fierce for the fray, He sang of the dauntless oppressor, of Rameses, conquering king j But were there such voice by the Neva to-day, of what now'should he sing 1 •Of tyranny born out of time, of oppression belated and vain 1 'Put up the old weapon, 0 despot, slack hand from the scourge and the chain; For the days of the Pharaohs are done, and the laureates of tyranny mute, And the whistle of falchion and flail are not set to the chords of the lute. True, the Hebrew, who bowed to the lash of the Pyramid-builders, bows still, For a time, to the knout of the Czar, to the Muscovite's merciless will! But four millions of Israel's children are not to be crushed in the path Of a Czar, like the Hittites of old, when great Rameses flamed in his wrath Alone through their numberless hosts. No, the days of the Titans of Wrong Are pa3t, for the Truth is a torch, and the voice of the peoples is strong. Even Pentaour, the poet of Might, spake in pity that rings down the years Of the life of " the peasant that tills" of his terrible toil and his tears •, Of the rats and the locusts that ravaged, and, worse, the tax gathering horde Who tithed all his pitiful tilth with the aid of the stick and the cord i And the splendour of Rameses pales in the text of the old Coptic Muse, And—one bears the mad rush of the wheels that the fierce Red Sea billow pursues ! O Muscovite, blind in your wrath, with your heel on the Israelite's neck, And your hand on that baleful old blade, Persecution, 'twere wisdom to reck The Pharaoh's calm warning. Beware! Lo! the Pyramids pierce the grey gloom Of a desert that is but a waste, by a river that is but a tomb. Yet the Hebrew abides and is strong. Ameneman is gone to the ghosts, He the prince of the Coptic police who so harried the Israelites' hosts When their live3 with hard bondage were bitter. And now bitter bondage you'd try. Proscription and exile and stern deprivation. Beware, Sire ! Put by That blade in its blood-rusted scabbard. The Pharaohs, the Ccesars have found 'That it wounds him who wields it j and you, though your victim there prone on the ground, Look helpless and hopeless, you also shall find Persecution a bane Which shall lead to a Red Sea of blood to o'erwhelm selfish tyranny's train. "Beware!" 'Tis the shade of Meneptha that whispers the warning from far. ■Concerning that sword there's a lesson the Pharaoh may teach to the Czar! 