BRITISH AND FOREIGN MEMS. I . , ,, It is estimated that 2,000,000 witnessed the last Lord Mayor's toar in London. A nine-year-old girl in KJ^ury county, S.D., has ploughed 80 acres of land. The whole village of Poweltown, Ceutre I county, Penn., is advertised for sale. I There is hardly an idle mill in Pennsylvania (U.S.). A year ago there were 30. A large party of American young ladies are I making a tricycling tour through France. 1 Eight clover leaves made of diamonds deck the rim of Emperor William's new crown. TheCadbury Brothers of England are the largest cocoa manufacturers in the J beeD ^ J f i ^ A o f on the Eiffel Tower. He was fined 20f. Twenty-eightearsof corn raised by George W. Eckles, of New Castle, lnd., tilled a u8 e ' I About 3,125,0001b of wool are exported t every year from South and South- western 1 Persia. There are six Public schools in Ireland where the old Erso or Irish language is still J taught. I Six persona were killed and 44 injured on] Scottish railways during the firet six months of last yea'. I Several tons of whalebone have been sold in I Dundee at prices ranging from .£1550 to j£1600 per toe. The annual production of chemicals in France is arid to have reached the value of 300 000 OOOdol. It is estimated that 250,000 persons in the United States are engaged in business depending solely on electricity. Mr. Menier is the gentleman who invented dinner plates which travel on rail, and stop U j j is *r. „„„u nnoct 1 and deliver to each guest Dr Lindsey, of New Haven, ^ that the g«at number oI trees in that city are a constant source of drs ase. The Washington Post is raising a fund to build a monument over the grave of Mary, mother of George Washington. An anti-opium league has been formed in Holland for the purpose of restraining the sale of opium to the natives of Java. 1 A groan in time saved an Ottawa man from I burial alive. He uttered it just as his casket J was being lowered to the grave. About 400 miles of electric railway are al-1 ready in operation in the United States, and many more under construction. 1 The working men of Kentucky declare their intention of preventing convicts from working as railroad builders in that State. It was noticeable in Paris this summer that many more Americans and Englishmen spoke French than in any previous year. Denmark mor. c.u f Mr. Gladstone's physician has requested him to lay by the axe. Every time he cuts down a tree he catches cold from perspiration and re- action. I A curiosity of Indian trade is the vast number of umbrellas imported into the conntry. Last year a total of 2,621,745 arrived in Calcutta alone. Germany has the most complete military evstemTn the world, and all its fortresses com- S S e with central points by means of ™ ri ' nippons S EmperorWi'll iam . imortant matters, and it has been reported that 1 lismarck has said to him substantially," Dear William, don't talk. In the recent autumn manoeuvres in Germany the fortifying of an intrenched poSonwihbarbedwire fencing was found to be very tffisacious. I Mademoiselle Roaa Bonheur has given to Buffalo Bill a fine pair of mustangs which she has been unable to break. HIB cowboys quickly broughtjlheni to tiuie. Emperor William of Garmany thinks of nothing but war. He conforms his habits to those of Frederick the Great, and his court at Berlin has become a camp. I A young man in Waterford, N.Y., died from the effects of cigarette smoking. Several others during the past month havo gone crazy because of the same habit. Thfe petroleum exports for the past year from I the United States exceed those for the previous rear by moreXn S 000,000 gallons, and are y fj 1 the greatest for some time past. Mrs. Langtry haahad a gooddealofsuccess in the English provinces. It is said tha her ambition is to make the English critics ac ' knowledge that she is an actress. Recent researches among the archives of Berks county, Penn., show that Abraham Lincoln'a ancestors were rich and prominent people in that county prior to 1735. The rematk of Mr. Edison, that it required a tramp of 50 miles to see all the machinery displayed at the Paris Exposition, gives an j idea of the extent of that wonderful show. j A plague of monkeys afflict Tan j are, I in Southern India. The creatures do so much mischief that an official monkey-catcher receives a rnpee for each monkey captured. There is a creat rush of Northern skilled labor ioto the Southern States of America, where better wages and more favorable oppor- J tanitiesare cffeS Alabamaie the favorite field I The increase in ehip-building in England daring the past year haa been enormous, and on September 30 there were 521 vessels under constrUction, or 121 more than in 1888 at the same p er iod. monument8 of ant5llaity at Athens were cleansed from ^ ait* and rabbiah o! a(, e8 fot tbe toyal we( iding. In doing this Beveral entire streets of the modern town had to be pulled down, « n om i c i de by imprudence" has been added to the list of crimes in the French Criminal Code. The offence is described as causing the death of a man by any foolish act not in itself criminal. The production of gold and silver ini the ^tUnrted'^M 8 fdloi^^-^^^d" r 33^75,000doL Silver, commercial value, ^3,000,OOOdol.; coinag' e ^ ^ B9il95j000do{. Wi8beach, England, recently 36 men, women, and children were prosecuted under he Act of Charles II. for working on a veg e table and fruit farm on the Sabbatb. The magistrate dismissed all the charges. Extensive forest fires have recently been ragi n g j n Spain. Although the country has fewer trees than any other in Earope, the Government does nothing to restore burned forests by planting young trees, Great street improvements are in progress in London. The Strand is to be widened its whole length, Holy well-street is to go out of existence, and a new street is to be opened from the Strand to Holborn. A new Krupp gun beats the world. The calibre is 13£in., barrel 40ft. in length, and its greatest diameter 6jft. It shoots 11 miles and fires two shots per minute each shot costing between UBOdol. and 1500dol. A telegram from Cannes in the Dw: tfeu emc Steele says Louie ^muda. an Austrian gentleman, blew out his brains on the seashore, having' lost the whole of hie fortune g^bling tables of Monte Carlo." J * ^ ^ ^ hafi " in the Paris Figaro his sense of its f' t WJU, d thro^ my8elf down from the B t „ he writeg .< but that j am afraid of dying of huuger before I reach the bottom.' MUs Catber- me Dixe i of Pittsburg, N.S., tfae beireeg tQ £ 1(20 0,000, entered a nunnery aB a novice. She passed the probationary p ei i 0 d without faltering in her resolve to re- DOUnce the pomps and vanities_ of the world, j and formally took the white veil of the nun. The Emperor William's sojourn at Constan I tinoplo appears to him, now it is over, like a dream, and a very beautiful dream too. On leaving he telegraphed to Prince Bismarck that the " magnificent hospitality of the Grand Seignior" had rendered his stay "paradisiacal. It is said at the City of Mexico that the Go vernment will place a special duty on American machinery, which will act almost prohibife., * * Tbe chancellor of the Exshequer of Great Britftn iB eDg a g e d on a banking scheme in- _ olcin _ th_ e 0f ri notes, with a State volving the issue of £1 notes, with a State guarantee for their value, in England. It is expected that it will effect an enormous saving in the present wear and tear of the gold currency. A most wonderful piece of brocade has been made for the Dachess of Fife in Bethnal-green. A few of the old silk looms still remain there, and on one of them this silkpwhich ,s said to be the finest ever made in England—was « ? « • H - - * > " » « * » " 8al0 » . The Forth Bridge, in Scotland, has stirred the engineering world so that Schneider and Co., the great pared a design f« a channel bridge from Dover to Calais. The length is JSmiles and ^mber^E piers proposed to be built in Qn^ot the 'latest Americanieme, it seems, is ad: ective «. veal y " as applied to the theo- J 1 lc„ ical 8tadentH and youn£ , pastorp. The idea apparently is to imply that the persons to wbom the epithet is applied are young and i mma ture. But it cannot be said that the ex- I p { j elegant. reBB 0Q a The committee of the English Peaca Society, during the lifetime of the World's Fair at Paris, gratuitously distributed, through the medium of an agency established in that capital, no leas than 400,000 papers bearing on > vexed questions of peace and mternational arbitration. A correspondent from Zanzibar, Africa, reports the race between a zebra and an ostrich P 0 ^ featote of oriental sport. Inapiteof ne . / t metrJ the jjj J^ « 7 ^ tfae rider c' f the J zeb p a uptm hi8 prot est that the biped had made unlawful use ol his wings. I Toujours la politesse ia no lorgir the motto of tbQ F rencb _ a t least, not where a German I Emperor is concerned. At Stamboul, writes | a correspondent of a London paper, " all the Bhips in the harbor were decorated with the exception of the French, and the same "mark applies generally to the French shops in Pera. tjhere was a romantic wedding recently on tbo top Df the Alleghany Mountains. The mountain selected is directly upon the border between the Virginias. The wedded couple stood upon the Virginia eide, while the clergyman stood over the line in West Virginia, as he could not perfoim the ceremony u Virginie. . "Professor Pepper at the Polytechnic, Ho w * amiliaI il 8 ° un<1 s (exclaims a London paper), and yet how like a voice from the past! Many people, we expect, thought that the professor had long given up the ghost, in every sense of the word. Not a bit of it, we are glad to say. For 19 years he has been in Australia. uouaiia. Madame Arnoldsou Rossignol, the new Swedish prima donna, signed a contract with M. Strakosch, the well-known impresario, to sing in America. The tour is to mbrace 50 concerte, and the lady will receive a quarter of a million francs for her services. M. Strakosch will also have to pay her travelling expenses and those of her suite of ei^ht persons. I The Austrian Protestants are said to be awaiting with much anxiety the result of their petition to the Emperor for leave to call their superintending ministers bishops. Inourown happy country any man may call himself a bishop if he uleases, without leave or license from Church or State. Perhaps if we had in this respect, as well as in some others, «liberty as in Austr a " it might be just as well. J " _* .„ „ , . r, Actor James O NeiU, well known in San Francisco, was charged in a police court at New York by Mrs. B. O'Neill with abandonment. She claimed to have married him i0 years ago at Hamilton, New York, where he was a gardener. It proved to be a case of mistaken playing in identity. "A Celebrated O'Neill Case was "at in California that time, and had been married to Ellen Quinlan three I ^According to the Paris correspondent of the Daily Neios, a German resident in Paris (Herr I Krohne) hn offered the German Government a sum of £5000 for the creation of a German Academy in Berlin on the model of the French Academy. It is to consist of 40 mem- J bers, and its duty would be to preserve the I German language from corruption or decay. I The Chancellor of the Empire would be ex- officio President of the Academy. I There is now a Bishop of Korea, but there are no churches, cnurcnes, no clergy, no converts. couveria. | i Under these ci.cumstances Pr. Corfe shows great courage in consenting to endeavour to lay the foundation of the Church of England in Korea, and some optimism in hoping that he may shortly have 50 men from whom to select live priests who will be content with a stipend of £100 a year. The Bishop's " bloated income " is £650 a year. The Paris Figaro gave publicity to an idea U which met with very general approval. It proposed that the Exhibition should be kept open one day longer for the benefit of the poSr of Paris. The Administration «nnot, for several reasons, accept this proposal, which would have given great satisfaction; but the President of the Republic determined that the poor of Paris shall not be forgotten, sent 20,000fr. to be distributed among them. . There were some good phrases in Mr. Pineros speech at the Metropole. He objects to the performance of short dramatic pieces at I music hallB—to " correcting the vulgarity " of these placCT by the administration of ««homoeopathic pilules of playB —to scouring of the Augean stables by "the dramatic pail and theatrical mop." The sort of drama thus arrived at would partake of "The wet of the washtub and the pathos of the pantry. U John Bull ought to be very proud to hear I that an English girl has taken the first foreign I priza at the Neuilly beauty show, and that I the promoters of the exhibition intend to hold I a similar one in London at Christmas time. I But we doubt if he will be. John is an old-1 fashioned person, and he thinks his daughters | are better et home than making public ex-1 hibition of their charms before all the world. | And, we confess it, we agree with John. , Mem. to betting-men. When you make a I wager on the result of a cricket match, stipulate j that the match must be played out. A| Nottingham man (unpatriotic soul) bet £151 that in their last match Middlesex would I defeat Notts. The match was abandoned 1 owing to rain, and the stakeholder paid over the moiey to the backer of Notts. This seems in the face of it a somewhat harsh decision, but it was upheld by the Nottingham County Court. One of the latest Parisian novelties is a card case with a tiny watch set in one corner of the cover. This is decidedly a good notion, When one is calling, especially on mere formal acquaintances, though one haa every desire not I to stay longer than necessary, so as to fit in as many people as possible, it is impossible, withoat being rude, to take out and look at one's watch ; the leather watch bracelets look too business-like for the occasion, and a clock is generally nowhere to be seen. Can it be true (says the Globe) that Mr. Justin M'Carthy, associated politically with the boycotters, has himself been boycotted ? The Cork correspondent of The Times says that"owing to a sneering reference" to the late John Mitchell in one of Mr. M'Carthy's books, the Fenian leaders at Cork called upon their followers to stay away from a lecture delivered there by Mr. M'Carthy. « Financially, therefore, the lectnre was a failure." If this be a fact, it is, in effect, a case of the biter bit. ! Mr. Frederick Douglass, the " nigger" minis-1 ter to Hayti, says be has had a pleasant voyage I to Port-au-Prince in the Kearsage. He re-1 marks of the officers that he "never experienced I greater courtesy, and never more forcibly 1 realised how deserved is the high reputation of 1 the naval officers of the United States." It is very nice of Mr. Douglass not to allude to the three captainB said in a recent magazine article] to have been dismissed because they refused to carry a " nipger " on their vessels. How ia their reputation for " high T The multiplication of political libel actions, remarks a London journal, is surely to be deplored from the professional point of view. These actions tend to kindle political animosities among counsel. The plaintiff and the defendant retain distinguished counsel of their respective sides in politiw and during tbe argument of issues that are political, as well as legal, the court becomes the «ena of party controversy> tai the great danger of that esprit <*« ">9° which prevails among lawyers irrespectively of political differences, I So astonishing are the results which have been obtained from the 4.7in. quick-firing Run that it promises(to supersede the ordinary 5in. and 6in. breechloaders. In some trials carned out not long since with the 4.7in quicktor 10 rounds were actually discharged u f^.^conds, whereas an ordinary breechloading gun of the same calibre, firicg in competition, took 5min. 7sec to fire the same number of rounds. The ^ick- firing gun has been reported upon in such high terms that it is anticipated that it will be introduced into forU {orf and and coaat defence> . XT . , . Cremation is still making way. Not only " the Cremation Society increasing its membership almost daily, but the system it advocatea is being placed on a practical footing m all torium parts and of the the country. Duke of The Bedford's public private crema- crematorium, which have (says the London correspondent of the Birmingham Gazette) litely been constructed at St. John',, near Woking, have jus: been inspected by Sir Spencer Wells and S.r Henry Thompson who have signed a most flUteiing testimony to its excellence to the architect, Mr. E. F.C. Clarke. It is a sign of the growing love of the Eoglish people lor celebrities that Mr. Swinburne is almost as much troubled as Lord Tennyson is with sightseers, anxious to gratify themselves with a glimpse of his face. As soon aB his presence in Lancing was made known by the local -— r papers, ~- which ferrettedout : tbe fact eomec » . , z , s , . . how the formerly deserted beacfai began to be Popuktu. with visitors from Brighton and Worthing, lying in wait for himaBhe ukes walks abroad. Many o^ them^are young dies, who even hang about the door of the bouse ^ere he is e a^ng, anxious to show their romantic adoration. Can one be a good vegetarian and yet eat p and eggsT is an oft-debated question, The non-vegetamn public says "No!' The f^tor of the " " Yes ! "on the ground that these utiles are P/ocar^le without the destruction of animal We. What then does the editor say to thisl A vegetarian had a favourite cow One day the cow fell down and broke ber leg so badly that the only way to save her hf* waa to amputate the injured member. The vegetarian's wife, a careful soul, made the leg into which th(J ve8etariani partook with eDj oyment> Wa8 he justified in so ^^ ^ M« Spar„ eon haB j ast B0U nded a remarkable « blaBt» Qn « fighting and prayin >» H° Bay8 i am caUed to lead a great w* fk aQd therefore j beg my comrfldes to hel * m<u M bret hren, hold up my hands! ^ ^ continual prayer on my behalf, £ the standard-bearer falls, what will the weaklings do 1 I am feeble in body, and sore pressed with anxious care. Spare me what care y 0 a can by your brotherly aid, and epecially by your loving words of comfort and y 0Ur pleadings in prayer. To the best of my ability I have held the fort and kept the faith." But he adds, " My protest seems unavailing, and Amalek prevails by reason of ecientific Ecientific unbelief." The veteran basso Carl Formes is in San francieco. He was born in 1810. That formes is really only nine months short of f oarscore years, his comparatively youthful appearance will tend to deny. Indeed, when be waB j n London a year or two ago, the veteran basso denied that he was BO old. He I wa8j however, a fully matured artist when he 1 g ret appeared in London as Sarastro in " The I Magic Flute " more than 40 years ago, and for | more than 30 years he has been domiciled in jthe United States, being now a prominent ! singing teacher in San Francisco. Manuel I Garcia is, however, older than Formes. This distinguished teacher, the brother of Malibran, I and the instructor of Catherine Hayes and Jenny Lind, is still a prominent member of the staff of the Royal Academy of Music, Yet on March 17 next Manuel Garcia will attain the great age of 85. His vocal method was founded upon the pure Italian style of the past, as taught to him by his father Manuel Garcia the elder. An amusing; story (saysi the London Globs of November 9) is being told in Lincoln s Inn of an old woman who appeared a few daya ago before Mr William Barber, Q.C., the newlyappointed Judge of the Derby County Court, An impecunious old man whomshe was auing for arrears of rent—he had lodged in her humble house-informed the judge that he would only be able to pay off the debt by very small instalments. " What terms are jou prepared to accept?" Mr. Barber asked the dame, who was deaf, however, and did not catch his Honor's question. " What will you take ?" shouted the usher standing by her eide. A bright smile illumined her features as ehe replied, "Well, I've been in this 'ere court many a time afore, bat you "—pointing to Mr. William Barber—" is the very first judge that I ever asked me what I'll take. A little gin hot, J if vou please." It was some time before the judge, who has long been a teetotaller, sum- I ciently recovered from his astonishment at this unexpected reply, and proceeded with the ordi- I nary business of the court. 