BBITISH AND FOREIGN. The Methodists in America number 5,000,000 .. actual communicants. - '.i The Board of Home Missions of the Preaby-. ; terian Church Is £16,07S in debt. _. Six young men will be sent at once by tho - -■ Baptist Missionary Union of America to foreigu ' fields. ' _ ;J - • The next general conforenco of the Metho dist Episcopal Church will be held at Omaha in 1892. In the Hew Hebrides <59.years ago therowas not a Christian. Now it is said there is not. a ; heathen! . , Ho less than 65 Cardinals of the Catholic " faith have died daring the 12 years' reign-of ■ *s Leo XIII. ■ c The Sootoh-Irish Conferenoe closed "recently """ with one of the largest religions meetings" ever held in Pittsburg. ' ' ' : - t The Cbnroh of South African synod, sitting at Pietermaritzburg, has ordered a translation of the Prayerbook into Zulu. ■ " ^ I think the greatest religions malady-of .the ..i age (says Mr. Gladstone) is shallowness-and. hi. feebleness in the sense of sin. . > ■ , T Rev. Samuel"W. Small has been-elected1'to •" tho presidoticy of the Utah University 'of' tho Methodist Episcopal Church at Ogden. - V ■* ' . I Of tho more than 4,000 students who have joined tho volunteer movement of foreign missions, about one-quarter aro women. ' ' '■ Dr. Barllett says (in the New York Initptn a'fu:) that Presbyterians mast take care lest their confession become their Virgin Mary. Rev. Vergil Maxoy, a noted southern re- • vivalist and Baptist minister, has announced * that ho will go on the stage on September 1. '• He proposes to bo on the stage six days in the ■' wees sad preach on Sunday. .a Mr. Gladstone makes it an absolute rule not ] to travel on Sunday8. Cardinal Newman is suffering from pneu- J TOei'-., and bar received extreme unction. i". iniurus • -.embe'-hip ia the We-Uy.vo foreign'mission* iot last year ahow 51,086 j olmroh members, 4,866 on trial, or a nut increase oi 950. Tire missionaries of Calcutta are protesting ■gainst a new municipal by-law, which is in tended topnta stop to preaching in the pnblio squares.; At the annual meeting oi the American Bible I Society, receipts for general purposes of £119,600 wefe reported, and disbursements of £106,000. 1 The receipts of tbe Baptist Home Mission I Society during the year are £89,889 ; the number of labourers sustained, 833; the nam- 1 her of schools supported, 25. ' The ceremony of laying the last stone of the I spire of Ulm Cathedral, now the highest in the [ world, having an altitude ot 530 feet, was per- • formed amid general rejoicing. Bev. Henry Owen, rector oi Llangefni, and one of the oldest ministers in the United King dom, died on May 9. He was ordained in 1832, and was 91 years of aga at the time oi his death. The Bev. W. B. Fletcher, minister of the Stow Memorial Congregational Church, Ade laide, who is now in England on a viBit, has decided to return to Adelaide, which he expects to reach in December. After a rapid decline in nnmbere the first half of thiB century, the Quakers ere slightly increasing in Great Britain and gaining quite fast in America, largely by accessions from other religions bodies. The bishops and cardinals oi the Boman Catholic hierarchy have been summoned to meet the Fope in conference next year to con rider the present condition of the Church throughout the world. According to a writer in the last iBSne of the Jetcish Quarterly Eerietc the J ewe do not con rider themselves free to engage in any form of mannal oconpation on the Sabbath. They will -*< J neither draw, write, nor drive on the holy day, nor will they then take part in games of ohance, attend theatres, or play instruments of mnsio. Thirty-seven boys, who were wild and made trouble and disturbance in the meetings of the Third Congregational Church of Los Angeles, are now reverent and orderly, and it is believed that most of tbom are converted. Pastor fvoii„. r,ftj organised them into a boys' bat talion, and drills them. The AmerieanPrcsbyterian General Assembly has ordered the appointment of a committee of 16 ministers and 10 elders, to be called the assembly's committee on the revision of the Confession of Faith, to fomualate to the assembly of 1S91 such alterations to the Con fession of Faith as may be deemed by them desirable. Bav. John M'Sedl, speaking at the Kay meeting of the London City Mission, remarked: " What is wanted is a new baptism of the Holy Ghost that means a baptism of common Greco and sense are synonymous tonus —s gfg about equally scarce. Preach not the ■bam, brummagem, pinchbeck gospel of the £sy, but the Gospel of God's salvation." Brand his article on "The Biptosta," in tire new edition of the Encyclopedia Britan mea, which the late Professor Baynes prevailed upon his old tntor at Bristol to write, the late Dr. Gotrh published little. • Bat a hope is ex pressed that some of his theological lectures, especially one remarkable series on the. atone ment another on inspiration, may be given to the world. The Missionary Board of the Protestant Epis copal Church is about to evangelise Alaska. I Dr. J. B. Driggs, of Delaware, is at the Ooci- ' dental Hotel, en route to Point Hope, A1»«V» to establish a station there. M. O. Cherry is at the American Exchange Hotel, en route to Anvik, Alaska, as assistant to the Bev. 3. M. Chap man, Protestant episcopal missionary at that place. QJir. Bpnrgeon has jast renonnoed his claim toafortxme which had been left him by an admirer. The testator it teems left some needy, relatives, and on the facts being pnt.before him Mr. Spargcoa waived all title to the property, and gave the trustees power to deal with it for toe benefit of the said relatives. One result of this beneficenoe has been tbe receipt of numer ous applications from the " noedy relatives" of persons who willed sums of money to different institutions under Mr. Spurgecn's control years ago, claiming to be treated in the same way. Mr. Bpnrgeon, however, points out that where money is left to himself, he is at perfect liberty to do with it as he likes; but iu the case of bequests to his college a ad orphanages he has so power to depart from the will of toe testator being only a trustee. A ceremony possessing many paints of interest wss performed at the London docks the other evening in toe speeding cf the mis sionary ship annually sent to toe Moravian ■tatians on the north, east coast of Labrador by tbe society for the furtherance of toe Gospel, in connection with toe Moravian Church and Mission Agency. This vessel is the barque Harmony, the fourth of toe socioty'e ships which have borne that name. Her ordinary crew number 12, exclusive of the captain, Henry Linklator. The average duration of her voyage", including toe stsy on the coast and visit to the stations there, is 117f days. There are six stations in Labrador, dotted at intervals of from 10 to 90 miles along BOme 250 miles of the rocky coast; their congregations number altogether 1,250 souls. The mission was primarily established by a colony from England and Germany to tbe Esquimaux. But this race has for a considerable time past been decreasing, while a mixed population of Europeans Americana with Esquimaux is increasing in number and importance. Mis riooary work is carried on among three " setturs" and among too crews of the fishing schooners which frequent the pout in the tmatr 