AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL, The opera o! "The Yeomen of the Gaard" was successfully repeated at the Theatre Royal on Thursday evening in the presence of MB Excellency the Governor and a fashionable audience in the circlet besides a crowded ? attendance in other portions of the house. To night will probably witness its last represen tation in Adelaide unless the management are induced to reproduce it (later on. Those who attend tlie opera Bhould take their Beats in time to listen to the overture, which is a true reflec tion of the whole worbi and touches with a light and a masterly hand all the gems of the composition. Pheebe's opening song at the spinning wheel, whioh is imitated through out by the violas in the orchestra, is more subdued than the spinning songs of Wagner. Flotow, and others, but is very artiBtio because of the delicate orchestral coloring (confined to the wood, horns, and strings) which give prominence to the voieei The double chorus of the Tower warders is masBiveand impressive, and leads to the Boft melody of the baritone solo. The Bong by Dame Carrnthers opens with a grand orchestral theme whioh iB heard here as the symphony of the song, but whioh aBBumes a prominent part in different phases of the opera, now gives in a maestoso and moderato time and then ooming again as an allegro conmotoi This is the principal orchestral subject of the opera, and iB of a sombre character, the introduction of the cymbals and the drum at the words "The screw may twist" having a thrilling effeot. The trio between Phoebe, Leonard, and Meryll, Alas, I wave to and fro," is very original, in whioh the orchestra quite a different and independent strain to the voices* The song by Fairfax," Is life a boon," is artisti cally written in a-Blow march tempo, and con trasts with the following chorus, "Here's a ""»» of jollity," whioh is remarkable for ite diatonio construction, itBtime being most eccentric, and iB succeeded by the celebrated song and duet .between Ekie and Points, 111 have a song to sing 0," accompanied by soft harmonies con structed on the tonio and dominant common chords with the pedal tonio for a fundamental note. This-is a most pleasing number, and is reproduced by Point in the last actj where he Bings a verse of the Bong with feelings of emotion and despair. The trio "How say yon, maiden," between Elsie, Point, and the lieutenant, is bright and effective. Point's song, ''I've jibe and joke," iB original and striking ; the bassoons, flute, oboe, and olarionet taking part in the accompaniment, with serio-comic effect, and the violin is afterwards heard in rapid pizzicato paBBageB. In Erie's song, "'Tis done, I am a bride," Sullivan aptly portrays the sad and senti mental feelings of the maiden who has changed her condition under such a novel manner. The accompaniment to Phcebe'a song, 11 Were I thy bride," iB original and quaint, receiving freBhneEB and lightnesB from the strings. The finale to the first act is in a sense the climax of the opera, and iB highly dramatic and musically effective. After a greeting by the warders to Faixfax, who at the end of it introduces a top G on a pause and finishes on the top A fiat, a recitative follows, and brings on the song withchoruB "lo thy fratarnal care," which is very quaint. The instrumentation is specially worthy of notice, and the funeral march in C minor, the prayer by EMe, and the tolling of the great bell at regular intervals of two bars* with all the characters and the headsman with axe and block grouped upon the stage, make up one of the most Btrikingly effective and sensationally dramatic scenes that could be witnessed even in grand opera. The second part of the opera opens with an imposing orchestral number, and Point sings his patter song, Oh! a private bnffoon is a light hearted loon," and the duet with Wilfred, "Hereupon we've both agreed," is original, quaint, and humorous, and one of the gems of tne opera. Fairfax's ballad " Free fioai fetters grim," iB full of soul and expression, and receives full juBtice from Mr. Leu mane, The quartet "Strange adventure" opens with a delicate symphony by violins and oboe, and then Kate, Dame OarrutherB, Fairfax, and Meryl! Bing unaccompanied one of the muS chain?!?® examples of R alii van's gemeS " % quartet writer. Tts duet and chorus "Like a ghost" is very spirited, 30d the audience usually insist on a repetition, TJia trio wh;c!l follows, "If he's made the best use of his time," Bung by Elsie, Pheebe, and Fairfax, is light and very tuneful and remarkable for its last cadence, in which the three voices trill on different notes at the same time, a novelty in part writing. The quartet" When a wooes Eoes a wooing" is original, and its transitions and modulations are of an uncommon order and its finish most artistic. The duet "Rapture, rapture," by the dame and the sergeant, iB in allegro vivace less effective than the other numbers, afford ing a _ light break before the concluding finale, in which there is a beautiful trio, "Tis Baid that joy," Bung by ElBie, Phcebe, and the Dame, Bweet and idealistic in its strains. The maBsive choruB follows, and Fairfax enters and claims his bride. Elsie's despair iB rendered in a Bhort andante movement of exquisite tenderness, and a dramatic crescendo at the end which reminds one of a passage in the churoh scene of Gounod's "Faust." A short but joyful chorus follows the recognition of Fairfax by Elsie, but which is interrupted by the sudden appearance of the jester, and M* Elton renders, in tearfully emotional tones, one verse of "I have a Bongto sing, O," and falls prostrate upon the stage. Elsie replies and the chorus finish the opera with a very impressive coda. On Saturday evening *' Tae Mikado" will be* revived with the following caste:-The Mikado of Japan, Mr. Wm. Raae vear; Nanki-Poo (his son, disguised aa a wandering minBtrel, and in love with Yum Yum), Mr. Leumane; Ko Ko (Lord High Executioner of Titipu). Mr. Howard Vernon; Poo-Bah (Lord High Everything Else), Mr, Imano; Pish-Tueh (a Noble Lord), Mr. Grundy; Yum-Yum, Pitti-Sing, Peep Bo (three sisters, wards of Ko Ko), Miss Clara Merivale, Miss May Pollard, Miss Katia Potter ; Katisha (an elderly lady, in love with Nanki Poo), MiBS Mabel Maokay. BALAKLATA FUND CONCERT, There WBB not a large audience at the mis cellaneous entertainment given in the Albert Hall, Pirie-street, on Thursday night, in aid of the fund for the distressed survivors of tha Balaklava charge, and the affair was of a dis tinctly amateurish charaoter throughout. Tha programme included several songs, two comic recitations, a bone solo, and what was billed as a " screaming" farce, most of the screaming being performed by an irrepressible bab7 among the audience. Mr, and Mrs. N. Proctor (the former with the flute and the latter with the piano) played operatic selections as over tures to each part. Amongst the voaalists Miss Hartley, a youngster, may be noticed as having gained a recall for her rendering of "Killarneyand Mr. J. E, Lawton as having shown possession of a fair bass voice. Tne other performers do no call for individual mention. It was announced that dancing would follow the farce, THE STOBJI KING. An incessant stream of people visited the City Baths on Thursday to inspact that veritable wonder of the deep the Storm King. Not content with viewing the tiny oraft aa sae lay alongeide they swarmed over the deck and even carried their investigations below tha hatches, Both Captain Jorgenson and hia lieutenant were present, and numbers of those present crowded round to hear them relate the perils and privation undergone during their adventurous voyage, while the hardy mariners were simply bombarded with queries. Tha Storm King will remain in her present position for several days longer, and it is expected th*t Lis Excellency the Governor, Lord Kintore, will visit the boat sometime during the week. THE GIANT FAMILY. The Australian Juvenile Giant Family are now holding receptions at Knapmann's Build ings, Fort Adelaide. The, ire three ia number; the eldest, Clara, is lu years of age, and weighs 31 st, S lb.; the second, Tom, i3 12 yearB old, weighing 19 st. 6 lb.; while Ann*, the smallest-, is lOyears old, weighs 16 st. 4 lb., and is still growing. These wonderful children are natives of Bunyip, 48 miles from Mel bourne, and are remarkably healthy. Their fleBh iB firm, while their intellectual endow ments are by phrenologists said to be above the average. Mr. and MrB, Snell, the father and mother, are Blight and rather short of stature, as is alao a daughter, who attends the exhibi tion, HABJISTON'S CIHCUS. HarmBton's circus appeared at Port Adelaide on Thursday evening beforea crowded audienc9. The various pieces were well carried out, and the frequent applause showed that the efforts of the various artists were fully appreciated, the circus appears again to night, CUNABD'B, On Thuraday many people visited the Palace of WonderB, and all were well pleased with what they saw. Mr. Charles Benham, the well known wine and spirit merohant of Grenfell- street, died very suddenly on Wednesday evening, Hs was walking up Pennington- terrace, Norti Adelaide, and on reaohing Jeffcott-Btreet waj taken suddenly ill and fell on the footpath. He WBB at once oonveyed to Mr, D. Comrie's'resi dence close by, and Dr. Veroo was summoned to attend him, but before the doctor's arrival Mr, Benham bad expired. Dr. Way, who had been attending deceaeed for some time past, said that the cause of death waB the failure of the heart's action, consequent on over-exertion in walkiag up the hill, together with old age. The deceased gentleman, who was 81 years old, had by his kindly disposition made himself greatly liked by evury one with whom he came in contact. He was twice married, and leaves a widow, besides three SOUB and one daughter by the firat wife, namely:-Messrs. J. J. Benham, com rnieeion agent, Adelaide; R. S. Benham, librarian of the Publio Library ; W, H. 8?n bam, solicitor, K*punda; and Miss M. A, Benham, 