FICTION. From EoglUb, American* and Other Periodical** THE WËÀMNT LEGACY. CHAPTER IV. MES. 1U.NNAY SEES BOMETHIHO. Joseph Hannay, having bought the picture, thought no more of the vendor of it. A picture more or lees did not make much difference to him; and yet the of tener he looked at it, the more closely he examined it (and there was a strange, a peculiar fascination about it) the more convinced he was that he had made a good bargain. " All's fair in love or war, or in trade." Everyone was satisfied, this pedlar man, this John Fife, was pleased with his twenty pounds, and John Hannay knew that the painting came from the hands of a master. What master ? He could not answer that ques- tion, nor find out who, or what, was meant by the two letters H.V. The colouring, dimmed and faded, was mellowed, just as one sees a bit of old brick wall, to which the moss and lichen elinga that has lost the warm hue of its early days, but has gained in depth and delicacy of colouring. The beauties that John Fife's eyes could not see became quite apparent when seen by Joseph Hannay. The face, in its quaint, queer ugliness looked out, or seemed to look out at him, as though it were not mere painted wood, but living flesh and blood; the eyes (those of a middle- aged man), had a peculiar and a startling expression in them. The artist-dust and ashes, and forgotten-must have been gifted with supreme genius ; even the pose of the head, the curtain, gathered up and held by the sinewy bare hand, were marvels of art. "H. V., 1660." In vain did Joseph Hannay search the records that tell of the lives of painters ; many a Dutch- man did he find there, but none whose name bore those initials. There was something about it that made Joseph Hannay wonder. r Certainly ho had made a very fortunate coup. He placed it in a very conspicuous position on the walls of his gallery, and waited for a purchaser. A picture without the artist's name is somewhat like an ambassador without his credentials, and Joseph Hannay was too honest a man to forge a pedigree for the foundling. It must rest on ÜB own Merits. The date was not a forgery. He knew that there were queer old pictures at the Hague, and at Rotterdam, painted on panels, and framed in ebony; and, though modern cunning can do many things, Old Time haB his own sign manual, and contrives to impress it upon the insensate things of earth in an unmistakable way. The elements of doubt and of mystery surrounded the picture. Joseph Hannay spent a good deal of his time in vain speculations that troubled him exceed- ingly. Of course he had theories, slender founda- tions on which he built great castles in the air, but they could not satisfy him. When he entered tho gallery the eyes of the picture were sure to meet his; he almost felt as though a living presence made itself felt in some wonderful way. He loved to point out the peculiarities of the painting to the customers who visited his shop. He wished to sell it, at a large profit, if possible, and had refused more than one offer for it, when Fate, in the shape of a woman-and that woman his wife-added a new excitement to the situation. She hurried to him one day as he sat in his office with every sign of exceeding agitation and even alarm, and in a trembling voice beâought him to sell the picture, even at a loss. "There is-there must be something wrong about it ?" she sobbed. " It moves-it is alive !" " Alive ? Pooh, pooh, nonsense," said Joseph Hannay, a good deal disturbed by her terror, yet unable to believe there was any cause for it. " Listen, husband," shesaid,speakinginawhisper, and glancing now and then at the door, as though she believed that Borne weird thing, some unholy apparition, might make itself visible. " I was in the gallery, looking at it : all in a moment the red curtain was drawn across the picture ; the face, the hand, disappeared ! I ran from the gallery-oh ! it is terrible !" " Sarah, Sarah, you're dreaming-you're bilious -you're talking nonsense, woman," said Joseph Hannay, not unkindly, but with some natural alarm, for his wife was a sensible soul, a worthy woman, who went to chapel regularly, and read no novels (holding them to be pernicious books), and this sudden outburst was a thing out of the com- mon. Mrs. Hannay wrung her plump hands. " Awake or asleep, I saw it-I did, Joe ; plain as I see you, and at the very same moment I heard Lor' bless us, what's that ?" " Nothing but the postman, knocking at the door. Come, Sarah, tell us what you heard-or what you thought you heard !" " Just as I was looking at it" (with a shudder), just as the painted handed hand let the painted curtain slip, there came the sound of bell tolling ; not ringing pleasantly, Joe-but tolling, as it.tolls when one is dead." "Well, and what wonderP Perhaps they're burying someone at St. Barebones-the- Less ; the wind's from the east ; that*s what you heard ; they always t»ll when the corpse is coming in." "No-it wasn't-not that-nor anything a bit like it. It was a bell, the like of which I never heard before. It was in the gallery, and yet it came from ever so far off. Again Mrs. Hannay shuddered, and again she glanced at the door. " A bell, in the gallery, ' yet a great way off !' Sarah, my dear, you're not well, you're just a little bit bilious ; yon want change." ' "No I don't, Joe ; I'm quite well-but I heard it, and I saw it, and if you keep that picture in the house, I shall die of fright." i " Come, my dear," he said soothingly, " I won't keepit, if you like, there ! All the same I can't be- lieve that you really heard or saw anything. Just think a moment,.Sarah; you're too sensible to allow snob a fancy to stay ia your head." " I tell you, Joe, I heard that bell, I saw the red curtain slip down and cover the whole picture, all in one moment." "Yon must see Doctor Parker; he'll tell you that men and women see all sorts of things-pigs flying, the moon jumping, ghosts appearing-when their livers are out of order." He spoke pleasantly, for Sarah was a good wife, and he wanted to try and rally her spirits s but the attempt failed. Mrs. Hannay began to cry: "If you don't want to kill me, Joseph," she said, between her sobs, " you'll send it away-burn it-if you can't sell it -don't, for pity's sake, keep it here." " As to burning it, Sarah," responded Mr. Han- nay, " I think when you're a little-a little calmer -you'll see the folly of doing that. The picture is worth money j I'll sell it, if you like, to the very first customer that offers. There! Will that satisfy yon P" " Can you sell it to-day, do you think ?" "Pooh, Sarah! how can I tell? It may be a week before anyone comes and fancies it, a month perhaps ; you see, I don't know who painted it, and that's against the Bale." (' If it stays under this roof, I shall lose my senses. I dread that picture, Joseph-and BO would you, if you had heard that bell, and had seen the curtain fall." #« My dear Sarah, if this thing really happened, of course its easy to go and see. If the picture is all right, with the face and hand visible, I think you'll agree with me in thinking that all your hear- ing and seeing only came from bile. Bile, my dear, and nothing else." She shook her head. " I won't go near the gal- lery, while that picture is there," she said. He closed his ledger, stood up, and said, cheer- fully: "I'll go and look at it, though I know very well what I shall see." He left the office, and his wife heard him ascend the- stairs leading to the art gallery. In two minutes donn he came, laughing, and rubbing his hands. "My dear, good wife, the picture is there, of course ; and so is the face, and so is the hand ; and I heard no bell-come up with me and you'll be convinced." " No, I won't, Joseph ; don't ask mo ! Don't, for pity's sake!" " Well, I won't. I'll lock the gallery and put the key in my pocket, and I promise you I'll sell it, the first time I've a chance of doing so, without loss." " Oh ! Joseph ! sell it whether you lose or not if you won't burn it !" So a sort of compromise was effected, Mrs. Han- nay having to content herself with her husband's promise to take the very first opportunity of selling it! " My good wife talks nonsense, when she talks about it, and greater nonsense, when she wanted me to burn it ! Burn it, indeed ! I am confident that some master hand painted that picture. When I go, abroad, I will go to the Hague, to Amsterdam, and Rotterdam, and try if I can find any clue to the artist. It will be too provoking if I have to sell it, just because of a woman's whims!" He even bethought himself of a plan by which he could at once relieve hiB wife from the pressure of fear which seemed to weigh upon ber spirits, and save him- self from the disagreeable necessity of selling the picture too cheaply. Mrs. Hannay had long promised to pay a visit to her respected parents at Hamstead. If she went thither for a week or two, the change of air would benefit her, she would be fulfilling her filial duties, and some promising customer might turn up. But Pate was too strong for the picture-dealer. The very next day he came to his wife, with a pale faee and trembling limbs. " I have seen it, too !" he said in a low voice. And then he told her how he had been standing quite close to the picture, and suddenly he saw, or seemed to see, the curtain rapidly drawn, as if by an invisible hand, acroBS the whole of the panel, leaving neither face nor fingers apparent ! Husband and wife looked into each other's eyes, one was as palo as the other. "I told you so!" he said, using a feminine formula. "Oh! sell it or give it away-or burn it!" " I'll sell it. I can't afford to lose twenty pounds," he replied. When next he took courage, and went somewhat reluctantly into the art gallery, the picture had re- sumed its usual appearance. Face and hands again plainly visible ! The eyes (good Heaven ! how life- like they were!) looking out from the panel on which they were painted. But he could no longer reason himself or his wife out of a conviction that there was eomething devilish and uncanny aboutit ; he himself had seen the curtain fall ! " I'll bring it into the shop ; the first customer shall have it," he said. ! (To be continued.) ¡ 