.. m ri'tcti Hpreci ngH1 ; ;3 i ,,xt j;(From the Wt,tk ,, i , -,. - ByW xnc.'' \\\ w " | 1 here aro honostjookoy a in tlio'world, just as there are (said to be) honest lawyers, and if Diogenes has heretofore failodin his seardh for what he wanted among tho lawyers. Saturday's raorag- would have furnished: him without the aid of his lantern with an instance of mire than honesty— of self-saorihoing chivalry, not to put it a bit too forcibly, on tho part of a well known and famous Queensland jockey. It need hardly be told that I allude to Briofcey Cjlley's ridjng of King Olaf in tho St. Legor, beating his own horse Stiamboul, who, ,hnt for Colley's faithfulness to his trust, would have wou the most coveted race of the meeting, and all the money (over a monkey) and all tho kndos that goes with the 1 winning 1 'of the Bed Ribbon of the tnrf. That, in spite of whi-pered warnings, Mr. Murray plaoed implicit trust iu his man, and that Oolley sooroed what might and would have , been an irresistible temptation to many a richer man, n .temptation, too, to which he might have j yielded without' fear of detection or oven, per haps, of suspicion — delaying his ran by a few seoonds,' or coming ' too soon,' a mere error of judgment either way— almost restores one's faith in human nature, and aertsinly stamps Colley: "as ' something very like a hero, the light of whoBO chivalrous aotfon shall not ho hidden altogether under a bushel if the record of it herooan prevent the "dowsing; of its glim." / Results of tho QTC.-. autumn1 meeting on Sstnrday and Monday have already ap peared at sdme length, and' I need only make a few comments on tho rasing, which was of high-class throughout both days. Tho raoing introduced us to two dr three two-year-olds of unusual excellence, and in ono at least of them wo have a oolt batter, .perhaps, than anything that has appeared on the Queensland tnrf sinoe the days of Le Grand and Waterloo That bolt, of coarse, is Charlie Brown's bay, Megaphone, winner of the SireB Frodnoe Stakes and -Scarborough Stskes on Monday. How good ho is we can only gnesB, for nothing was able to extend him in either raoe, and his Sires' Frodnoe Stakes mile was run in capital time for a two-year-old : 'under the weight, and the winner coming home in a canter. Of his ignominious display in tho Queen's Plate on Saturday, when almost every thing finished in front of him, I will not say anything, lbs colt's running on that occasion , being, as it were, sub jm/ioe ; for the stewards' inquiry, which was to have bean held on Tues day evening, has been adjourned to a later day. . Refused ran a good filly, hatter than I ex- peoted, in the Trial Handicap, and vary much, better, than I ventnred to.hopa ahe would in tho Frodnoe ; but that— both fit, well, and intended — she is anything like us good goods as Gray- gown,- whom she defeated easily , in the latter race, and whose running was quite as incon sistent as Megaphone's, I deolino to believe. Better ehe might have been on the day, hut .there, bar accidents, her superiority will end. The, highly- cred King William is, perhaps,1 more brilliant even than Megaphone, but laoks his subetance and power, and, until he shows an aptneBS for finishing as stoutly, must take second ; place in any estimate of the relative form of our. two-year-; olds. Garnda seems to have lost her early form, and no longer ranks among tho.cracks of \- her year. It was piteous to see Tho General, the ghost of his former self, toiling hopelessly in the rear of afield that in the spring, with .hardly an exception, ho conld have lost without trouble ;.and it wsb difficult to believe that the shadow wo saw was tho same brilliant colt that gave . Megaphone 10 lbs., and a de cisive beating in Tattereall's Jordan Stakes, no longer ago than December last. The Empress is a flyer over her own distance, whioh, so far, is not long enough to render her paee of any practical valuo. Carnation and Mazsppa, unleES we go by tho work on tho track, and: that is hardly fair, aro unknown quantities praotically. Pan O'Connell has been added to the list .; , and Left-on-Hand, Kingsworth, Piora, Farewell, Clinton, Orion, PhylliB, Zola, Aohillea, Muaioian, So., must rest their title to notico— for tho proBont at least— upon their pedigrees rather ;ttiun thoir .performances, though ono or two of them have once or twice given more than" a hint of possibilities in store. Ofthe three-year-olds, King 'Olaf, who stood , second host in tho spring, is now facile-. piinceps, and next to him wo must: place Stamboul, . and, porhapj, Maeter'Walter and Governor, for Graud- : Chester, who promised to be ohainpion "'of the ''year, has i for aomo cause dr another failed to fulfil his promiso. Rose of Drayton, who was there, or thereabouts, with tho best of iter year, last seascn, has bsen a fearful disappointment ...ae a; three-year- old; and Lady Eliza has never shown us anything worthy of her family aud liresge Coronella, on tho other band, who,! at two years old, and as an early threo, gave hor owner Small hopes of over earning her oats,' oxcept as a brood marc, has now to be reckoned with in any estimate of the form of her voar. Governor is one of the host looking of : his" ago,' and though a third, in tho Derby and a third in tho St. Leger are as yet' about his highest, credentials, he will make amends jot for the dnfioienoies of his youth. The Brisbane Cup was won for tho fifth time by M'Gtll, LyndJ hurst getting homo as his brother Lauoerdid in 1886,' Mozart in 1883, Procter in 1882, and Ounriso in 1877. The time was fairly good, and in faot has bsen beaten only three times; namely, by Lcrd Clifdon, in 138 1, 3 mina.' 37 sees. ; Lancor, in 1335, 3 mine 30 sees. ; and "Wetherondale, in l887, 3 mine. 30 1/5 sons. Kingl'laf waBa little unlnoky in getting away in a bad position, boing stopped at the 7- furlong pest, where Briokey thought he saw an open ing, and having to go round on the outside of his horses, or the issue' might have been closer if not actually reversed. 1 It is jost possible the best horse at tbe weights won, but chore is no doubt as to whose wus tho best performance among the three placed horses, for the King "was" the only one In the race with his w.f.a. up, and Lyndhurst was carrying 8 lbs. less— 8 at; 9 lbs. instead of 9 at. '3 lbs. Yabba ran better 1 than many expaoted, aud worse than a good few hoped. " . . .;Plrate"always runs '.a good weltor race, especially when' piloted' by Frank M'Gtll, who, however,' 'had to do all he knew tn got home by half! a hoad'in front of Yabba's little sister Yowl, the rank ontsider Hybla, full sister to QuamhonoEon, finishing third. 1 In the Grand Rational, Rocruit disappointed \- a. numerous following of blind led by the 'blind, ..who' knew absolutely nothing of the value of tha horse's previous performances, though they had his deads at their finger's end, or thought they had, and the horse showed by his running that the handicappors knew a great . doal moro about him than their oritios did, for he was ncVer dangerous in cith>r raoo, though he ran into third plaoe, a long way off tho second/ ' on Monday. Old Starlight never qau so good and- game a raoe, and his viotory was n gallant and well 'deserved ono. But - if . Zonavo had only fallen "a little sooner; and Felix made his ran a little earlier, the ' grey must have won in a walk. Bolsuu was, perhaps, made too mcoh uso of, but the old champion ought to have been much longer than he was in Harry Walsh's -hands;' and, anyway, ho jumped as well as ever, though, until Monday last, he had' not ' faoed 'a hnrdlo for nearly three yours. Beggar Boy baB certainly not benefited by - his southern journey," and it will probably be a long whtleore he is tho Beggar Boy:wa have known. Felix:' ran a groat horse both days, and bad he not fallon would certainly have won \- the Harkaway Plato on Saturday. Ranger's ' second attempt at the hurdles was not so buo- ceesful as his first essay, but there is no tolling what might have been the issue had Gontle's . .horse stood np. > The Royal Stakes, w.f.a., should bo won'by Megaphone. " Splendid acoeptaaoes were' deolared'for tho ' Toowoomba Handicaps on Thursday last, when 1)0 out of 118 entries oonsontod to pay' up,' and out of the 28 whioh havo been withdrawn 11 inay bo accounted for as follows : Wandsworth, lame (four raoes) ; Ilbogsn, deal (four raoee) ; Poverty, nominated in trior (throe races);" — D.J5. O'i/ietff. ; i Jok'u'Finnia'a entries for Warwiok ' 'woro " reoeived'too late. / ... .. .; : ,, A report of proceedings 'at tho oonforecbo'of rnprosentatives 'of tegistertd oluhshold'at Jhi ;.Q-.TjO, .pffloes on .Wedheslay las|j 28th', will b's 1 Mr/ W1; H;;K6htkthorpui- " "htt3alaSt'Tu3a.y 'tj'q_followtng lots.aW.aia- posed of .nnder, tho hammer wielded by Messrs.: Flyhn and Worby :— Guineas Foruando, by Orlando— Feronia, by Eelpld; 3 . years, Mr. J. Crown. Maitlaud... 035, The Empress, br.f. by Epigram— Sylvan by Fireworks— Sylvia, 2 years, Mr. It. Now- „ ton . 180 . Cooramin, br.e. by Epigram— Eva by Kelpie '' ' —Lord Exeter's Uiuii, Mr. J.Brown, Malt- land 110" .teaemkgs. Bay or br.c., by Splendour— Roso of C'obhnm, ' Mr. It. Newton.. 05 1 Ch.f. by Splendour— Camilla by Kelpie, Mr. ! W.Webb, Duandine 70 Ch.f. by Splendour— (JoUma by Brigadier, Mr. T. Ciunmlng ...' 40 j B f. by Hawtlioruden— Bonnie Spec's dam,, » t Mr. J. Bennett , . 65 : Br.g. by IdqUnm- Convent 'BeUo'by 'Marl- ' : . byrnong, mr, J. Smith 60 ' Bl.g. by Idulium— Agnes, by-Tamworth, Mr. '' J. Nesbit 50 Bay g. by Glorious (imp.)— Confusion by ! . Panic, Mr. C. E. Brown ' 31 A total of 5,289 gaifioas, or on average of. 128 9/10 guineas a head! , 1 : It is to. be 'regretted that Fernando and' Cooramin were sold to go ont of the colony, but; it ia satisfactory to see tho yearlings distributed I amongst looal buyers'.' Mr. R. Newton's purchases havo be'on sent to Ormond Lodge to ' be trained by W. Blaokloek. Stone will get the Idalium — Agnos geldiug ; Harry Walsh, the brown by Idaliom — Convent JBelle ; Jaok Chaafo. the half-sister to Bonnie Spec, and Harry Walsh, tho ohestiintfilly purohasod by W. Webb. Felix was sold on tbo raceoourse on Monday to Tommy Rj an for 85 guineas — oheap as diit. - . Mr. Hunter' haB been offered 1,0,00 guin'oas- for Honest Ned by a Melbourne buyer, and the; offer, I understand, has been aooepted. Honest Ned, by the way, won the Eletern- ' wick Park Handicap (Melbonrne) on Saturday under 8 at. 10 lbs. Old Grafton' got homo again in tho Stesple- - chose. at Rsndwick, on Balurday under 11 ai.! Time : 7 mins. 2 sees. ; The following entries were reoeivod onThnra day, May.. 22, for the Port Curtis and Rockhompton Handicaps : Rookhampton Handicap,' 200 sovs., ' 2 miles, Melodist, Solicitor, Damb Boy, Fiotion, Governor, Beohe-de-mer, Bouqnet, Lyndhurst, Wands worth', .Roue, Yabba, Sunlight, ' The Raker, Bellman, Enid, Pirate, Foreman, Stam- , boul. Port Curtis Handicap, 100 sovs., lj mile, almost the same, omitting MelodiBt and adding Miss Notman and Beckwith. Tho following is tho Wild River J.C. pro- gramme for August 19 and 20 . Trial Stakes, 10 eovs.; Shorts Handicap, 30 sovs.; First Hurdles, 30 sovs.; W.R.J.C. Handicap, . 200 sovs., mile; District Plato (welter handicap), 40 sovs.; Flying Handioap, 50' sovs. Seoond Day: Hnrdlee, .50 sovs.; Herberton Mile, 80 sovs.; Selling Baco, 40 sovs. ; Watsonville Handicap, 120 sovs.; Handicap Selling Raoe, 30 aova.; Free Handicap, 40 sovs.; total, £740. Nominations for two big handioapa by. 8 p.m. cn July 7. Seven mins. 27 sees, was Grafton's time in the Steeplechase at Randwiok on Saturday. Not aa wired, 7 mins. 2:sees. Ihe Admiral, 7 at. 12 lbs., won the Royali Handicap, at tho. Y.R.O. Birthday Meeting at Fiemington, three-quarter mile; in 1 min. 17 j sees. Twenty ran. Wilson's Swing, C et. 12 lbs., won the Birthday Handioap, 1 J' mile, by two lengths, from our little friend Tartar and 17 others, in 2. mins. 40|- boob. 1 Tattersall's annual race meeting at Grafton wsb a gennine Buccess. Florrie, 9 at. 1 lb., won the Opening Handicap, three-quarter mile, by a length from Hesselteiu, 7 st. 4 lbs.,' and nine others, in 1 min 17-Vesos. The Sires', Frodnoe Stakes fell to M'Ooy's Elymus, by Sweet Wiiliam (a second Fernando), who won easily, covering the 5 furlongs iv 1 min. 4 sees.,' Autamia, by Antcros," second, and Bnndook's Tho Witch by Excelsior third. Nine ran. Yiper when up here in the spring aoald not win a hack race, bnt he gotbaok enough of his form to carry 7 st. 8 lbs. homo in front of Thornback, 7 . St. 12 lbs., .Florrie, 9 st , and nine others, for the big money, Tattersall's Handicap, lr- mile, in 2 mina. 121 sees., which was really guod going. . " ; When J. Chisholm was up here with hiB': trotting mare Lady Jane he told me, among others, of a fine "four-year-old oolt he had for sale, by Rengney, a youngster of good form and better promiso, with all his sire's aptness > for, getting over a "lep." Noboiy, of course, believed a word ho said, and put it all down for Australian blow ; but tho oolb would have been a bargain, for oh his first appearanoo ovor the sb'cks he managed to win hie race in a canter by six lengths under 11 st., giving weight away ail round. Time for the twice' round (about -2 miles 300 yards), 4 mins. 18 sees. Excellent going ii the distauco is right. J: C. Mnsgrave, of South Brisbane, has pur- chastd the br.o Cooramin, by Epigram— Eva, i by Ki pio— Tiara, by Yattendon — Q.E D , and the colt has gone into J. Morrison's stable to continue bis preparation. 1 ' ( There wsb bnt'a puor- general entry 'for the, Maryborough minor events, and the penalty, incurred by Pirate will probably keop Mr.' H'Qill away from tho meeting. i , The Viotoriau Amateur Tnrf Club has pub- liahcd the conditioua'of . the Caulfield Cup of of 1890, , entries for whioh olose' on Monday,' Jauo;'?. ' The added money is £2,000, of whioh the winner gets £1,500, the ssoond £350, and the third'£l60. Nominations fortheMelbourne Cup andCham -' pion Stakes entries must be made on Monday next, Jane 2 : also on the same'date entries are due tor tho Maribyrnong Plate of 1890 ; the Normanby Stakes and Asoot Yale Stakes; 1801 j tbe Derby, 1891 ; the Oaks, 1891, and' St; 1 Leger, 1892 ; Sires' Produce Stakes, 1892 ; and tbe Foal Stakes, 1892 (for now foals). ' Oa Tuesday week, Juno 10, the following stakes, to be run at Eagle Farm in 1890, 1891; 1892, and 1894, close with tho secretary Queensland Turf Club, or with the' seoretary A J.O., Sydney : Hopeful Stakes, 300 sovs ; for then 2-year-olds (now yearlings) to run in November next, 1890; tbe Derby Stakes, 300 sevs , for then throd-year-olds (now yearlings), to run in November, 1891 ; and the St. Leger, 300 sovs., for then threo-year-olds (niw year lings), to ran in May, 1S92. Oa the same date, Biros must be nominated for the Queensland Tnrf Club Sires' Produce Stakes of .1892, to which race tbo olnb adds 300 sow. Owners with now yearlings to enter are re'- mtnded that oh Monday next, June 2, entries close for the following races, to bo ran at thb Australian Jookey Club meetings at Randwiok in 1S90, 1891, and 1892: Deoembec Stakes, .1890, 600 bovb. ; Champagne Stakes, 9 691', 1,000 sovs.; Derby, 1891, 500 bovs. ; OakS, 1891, 300 sovs. ; St. Leger, 1392, 300 sovs. A southern exchange says that "horse- owners in Queensland are congratulated upon the satisfactory arrangements made by Messrs; Howard Smith and Co. iu regard to the carrying of racehorses to and fro between the colonies. The charge is a marvellously low one, and the instructions given to tha ship a officers to make the sea travelling as o'omfort- able as possible, for the horses, are faithfully oatried out, while excellent and safe accom modation is provided for them A raoehorse, nowadays, is shipped and landed with the minimum of risk by this oompany, and . tho passages are brief and regular." Queensland . owners can endorse all this, and add to it, if addition wars required. 