MAN ORES AND SOMETHING ABOUT . SOILS AND PLANTS. -4-. I promised to tell you something about green crop manuring, and as I think this is a matter which deserves much more attention and consideration than it receives in the colony, I trust you will attend carefully to what I am going to say. For gardens a green crop is seldom grown for the purpose of digging in as manure; but I can no reason why certain kinds of plants should not be grown for the purpose, on any spot that may have to remain vacant for some time. Var preferable to allowing weeds to grow, but it is far better to dig in the weeds, than to hoe them up, and burn them, '. Oh, yes, that's all very fine about digging in woods, but wait until your garden is pretty well overrun with couch grass and see what the result will be!" "No, certainly, I should not dream of digging or couch grass. The best plan to deal with this pest is to work it out, and dry it, after knocking out the soil and when it is quite dead, spread it over your ground and then dig it in." " On, but it's far easier to burn it." "So it is but then you must remember that the most valuable portion, the nitrogen, will be burnt off, and fly away beyond recovery." You are ever lastingly dragging in this nitrogen." " Quite so and when you can bring yourself to realise the true value and importance of nitrogen, you will bother about it a little more, Although not exactly in keeping with my subject, I may just as well say something about burning rubbish, as you started the matter, Fire is much too freely resorted to by gardens, farmers, and others, in these colonies. Those who grow maize too frequently burn off the husks, stalks, and cobs ; of course it is some trouble to plough in the stalks, but the hulls and cobs can easily be spread 1 about, and machines have been invented for cutting up the stalks, but they are not in general use. The sugar planters burn oil enormous quantities of cane tops and leaves, the wheat farmers their stew where the strippers are used, and the gardeners as much garden rubbish as they ran. When you come to seriously think over this, you will see what a terrible loss of valuable manure is caused an I besides the actual stuff burnt, a vast quantity of the organic matter in the surface soil is burnt at the same time, and the . nitrogen lost for over. You should see the big ' burns off ' of the sugar cane planters when their tops and trash 12 sufficently dry. It no wonder that their soil is impoverished, and that the weight of cane falls off." It is all very fine for you to preach, but how are those unfortunate chaps to know that their practice is wrong. Everyone does it their fathers did it I therefore, they do it this is the logic of the whole thing." "You are quite right, my friend, and this is one reason why I am pounding all those valuable lessons into you. When I have finished with you, than you I can spread all you know to someone else, and so on. Every man, if he likes, and has the welfare of his fellow-creatures at heart, can do great good if he tries." " But how is it that plants actually do grow better after a fire ? Why, in old semaphores I've seen things grow so fine and high that it would take two men and a boy to see to the top of them, one man looking all one day, the other man continuing the looking the next day, and the boy finishing upon the third " " So the plants will grow better for some time (and there may still be nitrogenous matter in the soil, although a vast quantity has been wasted), because certain salts have been liberated by the fire, and have been made immediately available for plants; and in the old quarry holes are large accumulations of ash constituents of plants. But I have semaphores on which not Mine would grow until manure had been supplied. You may rest certain about one thing, and that it, the more you burn off the residue of crops on the land which has grown thorn, the sooner your soil will require manure. Speaking about cornstalks put me in mind of a curious thing I saw not long ago. A number of stalks were scattered pretty thickly about under some orange trees stowed there out of the way, I suppose. Well, those laid rottAl a bit, and the fibrous surfno»-roet« of the orange trees had grown up out of the toil, Amonst the cornstalks they looked like millions of thin wr/rnAa, twisted in, out, and about, and were most greedily and gratefully sucking their wasted food from the welcome rotting stalks,; but no one seemed to observe this important object-lesson ; or take a hint from nature. This was a splendid instance of green manuring; sofa in a somewhat humid climate, the cornstalks, rotted pretty soon, without requiring to be covered. by soil. The practice of Bowl up; certain plants for the purpose of ploughing them into the soil for manure has obtained, in some countries, from time immemorial ., and the plants found most suitable for the parts, belong to the Logu ominous order, although, other orders of plants are used with excellent results. It is said that the Chinese have for thoiv»5.nds of years seen a species of coronella, and also a trefoil, to dig into the soil as manure for their' rich (loltU The Greeks and Romans were is roughly aware of the benefits to be derived from green manuring and ploughed in lucerne. Xenophon, whom you must have heard about at re-book, recommended the practice strongly, and have that green plants 'enrich the crops as much. as doing." " Why, I thought Xenophon was general, or something of that soft What could 'he know about famine ?" " Well, he know so much, although he was only a general, that if he could, visit us now and take up a selection, he would n m rings round nine-tenths of our agriculturists, and make a comfortable living where many would starve; and do it without any further study. Dot mo continue At the present day it is the practice in some countries to sow a crop such an clover or lucerne, cut it once or twice, let it grow a little again, and then plough in or else, fed off with sheep, and then plough in; but by the feeling, and cutting for food, there is some loss of nitrogen and other constituents, whereas, when the crop is dug or ploughed in there is no loss. The host time to plough in the crop is when the plants are just about to flower, for then they 'jnnAain the largest quantity of easily soluble sub services, and will quickly decompose in the soil : , thus a great quantity of available food has been accumulated by one crop for that succeeding it and at the same time the soil receives a large supply of humus, which has an important mechanical effect Sandy soil is particularly benefited. " The ploughing in of green vegetables," says Professor Johnston, " on the spot where they have grown, may be followed as a method of manuring and enriching all land when other manures are less abundant Growing plants bring up from beneath, as far as their roots extent, those inorganic substances which are useful to vegetation and retain them in their leaves and stems. By afterwards ploughing in the whole plant we restore to the surface what had previously sunk to a greater or less depth, and thus make it more fertile before the green crop was sown . . In no other form can the same crop convoy to the soil an equal amount of enriching matter as in that of green leaves and stems. . ITonco the selection of particular crops for the purpose of green manuring, there being obviously the fittest which in the given soil and climate, grow most rapidly, or which produce the largest quantity of vegetable matter in the shortest time and at the smallest cost. I will now give an idea of what kinds of plants are grown for green manuring, for this may be of very great use to you some time. The white lupin (Lupinus alba) is used extensively in Italy, the south of France, Portugal, and in Germany, where moorabie, Bandy, almost barren tracts of country are brought into a productive condition by its aid. It is a very deep rooting plant, of quick growth ; it can stand droughts to a great extent, and it produces a very large quantity of excellent leaves and stems. Baron Mueller pays that it is named as the Tramoso in Portugal to suppress sorrel and other obstinate woo II by its close and easy growth, This is worth taking a note of, because sorrel has become a fearful post in many parts of the colo it. A plant known as Spurry (Sporgula arvensis) is most bone ficial to poor, dry, sandy soils when ploughed in a green. Von Vought writes :- " That by such treatment the worst, shifting sands may be made to yield remunerative crops of are, that the most worthless sands are more improved by it than those of a better natural quality, that the green manuring every other year not only nourishes sufficiently the alternate crops of rye, but gradually enriches the soil, and that it increases the effect of any other manure that may be put on. The vetch, buckwheat, white mustard, tares, peas, clover, and rape are all grown for the same purpose. In the United States clover is very extensively sown, and manured with gypsum, before a wheat crop, with excellent results. Another sort of green manuring is that practised in some parts of Germany. I believe, by chopping to the prunings of vines, and digging those into the vineyards.- Such a method was adopted by the Romans. As the system of manuring by green crops would be of great benefit to many portions of the colony if adopted, I have told you a great deal more about it than I intended. If you have sorrel, try the white lupin; if you have a miserable sandy places, try sherry, or lupin : if you have heavy clay or', try fear; and U your soil is moist when you plough in, the better and quicker the plants will decompose. ' I should think from what you have told me that clover and those other plants must gather from the air " Well, as I said before some of our greatest scientific agriculturists still seem to doubt it n but others of great For stations seem to iii ii them have proved 1 generally a very eminent bxpotimo"talist Professor P Wagner director of life agricultural research Sutton Darmstadt who has been very carefully investigating this question lately -Iib opinion is that leguxiiiuotis plants as peas, clover lucerne so, column t small supply of nitrogen to be present in the soil in in available condition at an early stage of their growth but only for a short time and that afterwards they can collect all the nitrogen they require from the air If this n street its uni orange is enormous as I pointed out before. Wagner says In the growth of nitrogen increases (peas vetches Ko.) three stages can be distinguished Subsidy fence on nitrogen in the said subsistence on nitrogen from nitrates in the soil and suhststoncoon nitrogen from theatre but until they acquire a capacity of drawing nitrogen from the air it is axes li ugly difficult for them to dispense with the nitrogen contain 1 in the coil He strongly recommends farmers to grow lupins, Borradaile (bird s foot) or clovers among the cereal which is being grown as the principal crop and plough the plants which develop after the corn is romped into the soil in late autumn or early spring " He mentions that Mr Nonhnus of Solchov. who has had much experience in this method. of cultivation, puts So to 5lb of good sanatoria seed per acre among cereals (rye oats barley) when about 6in high by means of a sowing machine If the ground 1 is not in drills the so d must be covered up to some extent by harrowing once About the time of the flowering of the rye-earlier if the crop is very thick later in lian-born of lupin seed is scattered among the crop. Un of-, the autumn is exceptionally dry they grow luxuriantly and in favourable years Melt a mass of v gelatine which according to Mr Now has corresponds tnolifdmg the roots to a quantity of no less than 125 b of nitrogen por were that is to say as in contained in 25 0 lOl'i. of stable manure In aldt son to this-as researches of mine have shown the nitrogen conta nod in the green pi mt substance nets very much fast r than that contained in stable manure, Professor Wagner pro- ceded to save But for this there is one can lttion-tufliciont water buffalo cart phosphoric and 1 potash and lime the nitrogen collecting plant makes this demand on the soil it then provide nitrogen for itself The nitrogen col le tors must be provided not with a superabundance but with l sufficient excess of phosphoric acid and potash Schultz of Lupttr says - Nitrogenous lMelf is with the exception of water the most potent motive power in nature as regards existence increase and work, to procure it to command it in the problem to make much of it is economy to make its inexhaustible sources so> viceable brings prosperity * Let us now consider bone dust which is used perhaps more than any other manner in the colony Horses are oh tony valued for the prep utterance of the phosphAte of time they contain but in addition they contain a const lerabl percentage of nitrogen Thom value as manure 13 contingent on their being divided into as small particles as possible the fact they are divide 1 the bo tor and the quicker 13 their action in the soil as fertilizers. blood bone dust should contain 15 per cent of phosphate of lime and about 1 per cent of nitrogen 'Very often unfortunately for the purchaser the gelatine which contact as the n trees is not noted for glue or for some of the delightful jellies you my from old rotten bones therefore if you, can avoid it, do not buy bone dust from a glue manufactory It is all right enough for the fat to be extracted for this can be done with care without removing the gelatine or very little of it, by boiling gently in open vessels. to extract the gelatine trio bones are boiled under pressure in closed ves els. lit in bonedust is a great objection for it retards the decomposition of bones in the soil but the relation is not only of great value as manure but also be cause it greatly assists decomposition. Professor Paul Warner advises that petroleum be used to extract the fat by which means none of the nitrogen is lost It will give you a good idea of the procession of valuable substances which bone dust should contain by com Dann g It with stable manure One ton of bone dust is said to contain about as much nitrogen as is contained in 500 tons of fresh stable manure and as much phosphorus as 110 tons of fresh stable manure but it contains little or no 1 potash Pins manure is frequently adulterated or somehow or other got mixed up with foreign matter which has no business in it and s singularly enough, the finer the hope that the more foreign matter seems to have an alarm for it Good bone dust about 1 not courts n more than 8 or 4 per cent. of foreign matter but it is some times found to contain 10 or 15 percent If you anarchism bonedust which turns out to be exceedingly dry you will be justified in supposing it to contain gypsum or sulphate of lime. South nos it is found to contain old lime rubbish sand and other valueless substances. A von fair approximation of the percentage of adulteration, if any, of bone-dust or boy can be ascertained by taking a small quantity of a fair sample weighing it carefully say two or three ounces then placing it on a clean red hot shovel and thus allowing as much volatile matter table oil as possible. When nothing but an ash romans dust this off carefully with a feather into a glass vessel containing some spirits of salt (muriatic acid) and let it die 0 yo ther -Ht through a pipe and then dry carefully weigh the undigested residue which will represent foreign matter If you think it worth while fond a fair sam be to an analytical chemist and he will tell you for certain whether it is a ulcerated or not It may or may not be worth while to pay for Kind aid its carriage but it is worth while to remember that 10 per cent, of sand means 2 cwt in a Ion ' ' If you wish to cause bone dust to for mont, be come soluble and consequently speedy in its action in the work. you can do so to a considerable extent by me stoning the bones filth water or better still liquid manure or lime and mixing them with soil and ashes but they should be covered with old bags or anything convenient, In a week or two the mixture will be ready for use Another plan sometimes effectually adopted is to make alternate layers of bone dust and stable manure cover tins with soil and allow it to for- men- Dr J Stookhardt save It is cer- tainly most advantageous to employ bonedust Uko all subsidiary manures not as an excel save manure but in combination with stable dung whereby the latter is so strengthened that one load will accomplish as much as two without lina and tion In at clio meal point of view time in thod of proceeding claims to be designated as the most rational and preferable since it leads to a mutual oom p otion and equalisation of the ingredients imparting to the mixture a higher value and especially to a more certain operation than 0 ther of those manuring agents would have separately ' An Amor call plan says 5t Ivor, for dissolving bones consists in filling an old barrel with alternate layers of wood ashes and fresh bones broken in pieces with hammers and slightly working from time to time with hot water tins is said to produce an excellent easily soluble manure' BinoluBt is most oluoaoioua on sandy soils on heavy soils its effects are somewhat slow and it has a tendency to cause the ground to cake. This manure is on place in several war anhydride or broadcast so vors or by hand where this work would not be too great, such as in a garden or orchard To distribute this evenly by hand requires some practice but by going sys erratically to work and ascertaining beforehand the area of the land over which you intent to spread the manure the thing can be easily done If you can keep in mind that an acre of land contains 480 square yard In you can easily calculate how many square yards a quarter an eighth or a sixteenth will contain Very well, then a ton of bone dust contains 22101b. Now if you intend to spread this ton over an acre of land by hand, your best plan is to find out how much must be sure 1 over a square yard or a square foot. By a little man you will find that a square yard will req are a pinch or two over half a pound or a square foot will require about an ounce nil me quarter, Roughly speaking Of course, it would be altogether impracticable to weigh out pound by pound your manure you can ascertain what your fist full will weigh and thou j edge near enough from that or you can easily devise some other simple means now that you know what to do This system you can apply to any dry artificial manure when you wish to be fairly exact. If you apply a small quantity only say Jowt per acre, which might be ample for some kinds of manures you should mix them up with dry soil-not ashes, mind but dry soil Say half and half You can then distribute them much more easy and evenly ' Well but how can I tell what a square yard is I can t go and measure every yard 1 ' 'No but you can step a yard, surely ? Three feet by three feet measures a s share yard and if you cannot learn to judge a square yard by stepping I advise you to give up all thoughts of gardening for you are bound to have a crooked eye and if so blessed are bound to spoil (ivory thing " Bonedust is greatly used by fruit (potters, vignette continue to af ply it year after year s a considerable time. Now, this continued use is a mistake, and probably a waste of time and money for the soil receives a superabundant supply of phosphoric acid, a small percentage of nitrogen, comparatively, but no potash Now, potash is a a very important con- stituent of fruit trees themselves, to say nothing of the supply required and taken away by the fruit and roads. Many of our sandstones and shales contain a considerable proportion of this substance, but in a very insoluble form looked up in meat. There are two kinds of microbe known as potash mica and the other magic once mica as it contains a very large proportion of this substance. The first kind contains some what over 9 per cent of potash and the latter about 5 per cent It is no wonder that so many of our orchards suffer from all sorts of diseases, for the trees cannot possibly be in proper health without their required food. They become likeness animals, infested by pirates, unable from weakness to resist their attacks. Occasionally, oranges and lemons may be seen growing wild in the bush in perfect health, and not a ghost of a scale to be soon on the they are growing possibly where they can obtain all the food they meet In Cheshire, in England, where (he renowned choose is made, many years ago the pastures fell off immensely in value, In place) of good grasses ill weeds grow until it was discovered that the application of broken-up bones made an astonishing improvement The woods disappeared, good wholesome grasses and clovers reappeared as if by magic, and the practice of ' seeing the pastures become general. This prosperity returned to the district and it is said that the passages, to which bones severe applied very soon increased in value by 10s per acre (rent The reason of the deterioration of the pastures was that the chief constituent«-nit»gen and phosphoric acid supplied by the bones had been eaten out of the soil by the cows, and sent away in chooses." " The application of broken up born to the soil was the initiation of manuring by artificial manures, From that time to the present day the manufacture of those ins lures has gradually increased to enormous proportions. I shall now say something about the next best known manure in the colony, and that is superphosphate of time, the transition is pany because the greater part of the superphosphate in these colonies is produced from Junee. ' STEROU.HJS. 