THE NOVELIST. Whose Was the Hand? Br MISS BRADDON, Author of " Lady Audley*s Secret," &c.; (BEOÜK tm "rovnx AND COONTKT JOUBHAL" OP FEB. 1.) CHAPTER XIV. -(CONTINTTED). The old shrubberies looked lovely in the after noon sun, such a wild wealth of arbutus and rhododendron and Portugal laurel, and so many fine conifers half buried among the spreading branches, a tangle of loveliness, periwinkle and St. John's wott straggling over every bit of unoccupied ground. Ponto and Sappho rushed about like mad things, imagining all sorts of impossible vermin, and scratching and digging whenever they got out of reach of my whip. That dog-whip of mine looks formidable, but I'm afraid those two clever darlings know that I would not hurt them for worlds. I had my pocket Dante with me, meaning to try and fancy myself in the Pine Forest, near Ravenna, where he used to medi tate, hut the book was so far true to its name that it never left my pocket! I seemed to have so much to think about j and a spring afternoon, with light cloudlets floating in a pale blue sky> and the perfume of violets in the air sets all one's most fanciful fancies roaming far and wide. I think my thoughts were light as . thistledown or vanity that after noon, or they could never have strayed so far ; and yet there was a touch of sadness in them, for I could not help thinking of Gilbert Flórestan and his sad position, quite alone in the world, mother and father both lying still and dumb, as my dear father lies in his grave under the willows-no sister or brother, no one to caro for him, or to lean upon him. No doubt he has cousins, as I have. I have not quite made up ray mind' whether cousins are a necessary evil or a modified kind of blessing. 7 I'm afraid, if I stood alone in the world as he does, ' Dora and Flora would not fill a large gap in my life. I rambled in the shrubberies and the dear Old fashioned gar dens till I was tired, and then I began to feel the keenest Curiosity about the inside of the house. lt is not a pretty house, but it is bid and dignified. When one has come but lately from a city of palaces one can hardly be alto géthèr alive to the beauty of an old English mansion, with moss grown walls and-deep-set win do ws, and a general grayness and low tone of color which some people find so dispiriting. ' Yet the house touched me by a kind of mournful beauty, and a sense of quiet desolation such as I felt only a few weeks ago when I looked at those old' heglectod mansions upon some of the smaller canals, so gloomy in their gran deur, as of the dead irrevocable past. I have felt sometimes as if I would give worlds to be able to buy one of those degraded, dilapi dated old places, and to clear away all its parasite growth of petty modern uses, and to restore it to the splendor and the beauty of three hundred years ago. And yet I have shuddered at the' thought of the phantoms that might ¡come crowding round me ¡ in those great grand rooms, of all « . the dead people who might awake ??. at the sound of: music and laugh ter in the home where they, were once young and merry. ; I .walked ; up . and down : the broad gravel terrace in front of . ; : Mr. FloreBtan'B house. It stands ? onlv about 20ft above the level of the river bank, and. a wide lawn- slopes gently from the house to the river. I could see the boats going by, and hear the voices of the rowers; which ; were a relief after the uncanny feeling that .had crept over me while I was in the great overgrown garden on the otherside of the house; I believe the gardener must have given himself a holiday; for not a human creature did I see in the grounds. There is a glass door opening on to the terrace, with an old-fashioned hanging bell. I ventured to ring that antiquated bell, trembling a little at ; the thought of ghosts;- and perhaps a little at the thought that the old housekeeper would; . wonder at my wanting to explore her domain. The fancy had never come into my foolish brain before to-day, but I suppose that waB: because I had seen BO little of Mr. Florestan until rwe, met in Paris, and could not feel any particular interest in his house. Now that I know him ¿the house seems like an old friend; and I wonder that I can have looked so often at the old Indian-red roof and tho great gray stone chimney stacks without wanting to see what the inside is like. No one answored my summons, though I heard the bell ringing with an awful distinctness. I rang again, but still there was no answer, though I waited long enough for the feeblest of old women to creep from the remotest corner of the rambling old house. I rang a third time, and still there was no reply, and the more I couldn't get in the more keenly curious I became. So at last, knowing old Mrs. Mnrdew would never resent any liberty on the part of my mother's. daughter, mother being a power at Lamford, I tried the door. It opened easily, and I went in, taking care to Bhut the door after me, so as to keep Ponto and Sappho outside. They were scampering about the shrubberies, and I knew they would find their way home when they missed me. I went in, feeling very much as Fatima must have felt, or, in other words, just a little ashamed of my idle curiosity. The house is a dear old house, very shabby as to carpets and curtains, but with lovely old fur niture of Sir Charles Grandison's period, and with old china in every eorner, china which I am convinced is worth a fortune ; but I will never breathe a word about its value to Mr. Florestan or he may pack it all off to Christie's. Men are such Goths where old china is concerned. Yes, it is a dear old house. It has an old, old, perfume of rose leaves, and lavender, which must have been hoarded ever so long before Mr. Florestari*was born¿ in all the old chrysan themum bowls and hawthorn jars . which stand about everywhere on the tops pf cabinets and m corner cupboards, and in quaint little " 'Perhaps, as mother isn't here,*you'll allow me to give you a cup of 'tea/ Ï Bäid.'f,. .7. (See tale entitled "Whose Was the Hand ?" on this page.) . l: ' ' alcoves arid recesses 1 which brie meets", with mir a wares in the corridors' and lobbies.- 1 Not ali the wealth of the Indies could- create such a house. It is the slow growth of- time, like the golden brown lichens arid cool gray mosses on the garden walls. . . .'?' ? - ? ; I roamed and foamed about the rooms on the ground floor, opening one into another, quaintly inconvenient, with queer little doors, half wains cot and half wall paper- rooms without tho faintest pretension to splendor or dignity, rooms that suggest tho world as Miss Edgeworth and Miss Austen knew it, a world in which people dined at 5 o'clock, arid danced country dances, and played on the spinet; arid jminted on velvet, and talked about the luncheon- tray and the Britska. ,; - I looked at all the ornaments on all the tables' and chimney-pieces, the things our grandmothers loved; cardboard hand-screens, with pencil land scapes-Craigrailler castle, Guy's . Cliff-spill boxes. What are spills, by the way? Old albums and scrap-books,1 bid-work baskets lined with faded satin. Everything was arranged as neatly as it had been-fifty years ago, when Mr. Florestan's grandmother was mistress of the house, and these were her things, most of them. His mother's room had a more modern look, yet even there the books; desks, and workboxes were old-fashioned. How quickly the fashion of this life passes away. At first I was too much interested and amused to feel the uncanny influences of those empty rooms full of things that'had belonged to people . who were all dead ; but presently that air ot long ago, together with the death-like silence of the house, began to affect my spirits. A feeling of profound melancholy crept over me. I thought of my dear dead father, and wondered, as I have so often wondered, where the dead are, how near us or how distant. I went back to the dining*' room for a last look at the family portraits before leaving the desolate house. Mrs. Murdew had evidently gone out upon some errand, and there was no use in waiting for her return. . . i I looked with interest at the picture on the left of the sideboard, and near the door leading into the hall. It was the portrait of Mr. Florestah's father, a full length painting, in a rough brown shooting suit, knickerbockers, and mighty hob nailed boots. A picturesque brown hat, a gun, and a liver-colored pointer were the accessories of the boldly painted figure, against a background of russet foliage. The picture, which was by a master hand, might have been called a study in brown. . ,.. s - ^ ? The likeness between: father .and son was re markable. It might have been Gilbert Flores-, tan's portrait that I was looking at. I studied the picture so long-fascinated by that' wonderful slapdash" power; »the ;kind 'of painting j which Buskin describes [ as i a rapid ' hand' andra ! full brush-that the face seemed tb grow-into my mind, and the figure almost took life and motion j as I looked at it. . My nerves were in a peculiar state/after that hour of silence and¡ thoughtful-1 ness in the desolate house, or else I could hardly have been so foolish as I was two minutes after ward, when I turnedto^eave :the dining-room, and shrieked with terror on seeing a figure-on the threshold of the door in the shadow of the half closed sh utters. . : j T was idiot enough-to mistake reality for appa rition. . In that moment of terror I believed (that the figure standing there looking at me with a quiet smile was the ghostly semblance of' the dead man whose picture I had contemplated so; long. ." - ". , " Pray, forgive me, for startling you/' said Mr. Florestan, offering me his hand, in the "easiest way, and not allowing me to see that ho thought me an idiot, as he must have done ; "1 ought to have given you some notice of my arrival. You were so absorbed in my father's picture that'you did not hear his son's footsteps." "I think it is the fault of that thick Turkey carpet rather than of my abstraction," I told him, " but I really was absorbed in the picture, and envying tho painter his power to get such a grand effect out of such simple elements. It is almost as good as Gainsborough's blue boy. T; had,no, idea you were coming to England BO soon." " I had no idea myself ; but the distance from Paris to Lamford is such a bagatelle that I thought I might aa well run across and have a look at the old home hefore all the tulips had withered. My mother used to be so fond of her tulips, though they were never a costly collection. A Dutch connoisseur would have laughed at our poor little show.'' - ', " " Have you only just arrived ?" I asked, feeling that Is was redder than the great overblown peonies I had seen in the shrubbery, and won dering what he must think bf my extraordinary intrusion. "Within three minutes. . The fly ÍB still at the doorl and my servant is bringing in my port manteau." '?'?...-'-.Tott must think it so strange to find me here," T stammered, feeling : even worse than Fatima/though there were no gory heads lying about. - '. - " I only think it dehghtf ul to be welcomed by the presence of a friend," he answered, with in expressible kindness. There was something in his smile and in his -tone of voice so full of protecting friendliness that I be¿an to feel easier in my mind, and was able to explain my appearance in his dining-room on tùat particular atternoon; and then I told him that I must go and hunt tor the dogs, who might be doing all manner of mischief in his shrubbery. \- tl' had a secret conviction that Sappho and Ponto had gone peaceably home to the stables, but the dogs made a decent ex cuse to get me out of the house. " I feel sure they won't do the slightest'harm," : he said, " but if you are the least bit uneasy on ?that score we'll go and_look for them together, and then perhaps your-mother will take pity upon a tired traveller and give me a cup of tea." "I/ am so dreadfully sorry," I said; '* motherin in London, and won't bo'hpme much before 8." " ThatV a pad disappointment. I had looked forward to seeing her this afternoon." - We'went'out* at the hall door together, , and. we explored the ' shrubberies and- garden, but saw no sign of the ' dogs.' He went home ,witb me, and' we found Sappho and Ponto in their ken nels,'whither they had returned , half - an hour ' before. Then from the stable - yard < we wandered naturally to the garden, where * -' tho basket" chairs and tables bad ' been set out-in the usual place on ? the terrace, in honor of. the lovely . af ter" boon. The footman caine out with the tea tray, and arranged it, while we, Mr. ' Flbrestan and .' I, were standing looking at the , river/ _ ' Servants are sb officious. I had happened to say at luncheon t b at ' if the, day continued fine I thought I would have tea in the garden, and here was the man setting out the cups and saucers under Mr. Florestan's nose. There was no help for it. I could not be so inhospitable as to send him away tealesa, with my 1 pet brass kettle singing merrily ?'. over the spirit lamp, and my favorite buns frizzling fresh from ,: the oven. I made the best of ' ' my awkward position. " Perhaps, as mother isn't here; you'll allow me to give you a cup of tea," I said. He accepted eagerly. I almost hoped he'd take it standing, and go away 'í directly he had emptied the cup. fvButi although.- he had been the JÏ'"soùl bf delicacy and consideration in his own- house, he seems to //think 'he might do as he liked in : {burs. He seated himself in one of '^the - low-basket chairs, and I felt ./''that he meant to stay. I daresay he thought it the , most natural thing in the world, but I could not help feeling the ;j strangeness of .it, though Cyril and I have had tea on the terrace ' tête à tete many a time before we were engaged, and Mr. Flores j tan is a good deal older than Cyril.- So I tried ¡Dot to look confused or silly as I «poured out the itea.^ .*..'-' - ? '.: ? '? '} . . j "Plea'se let me wait upon you/' I said, when I (saw him struggling put of the chair, the seat of í which is only about a' foot fronrther 'ground. " I know how tired you must be. Let me wait upon you just as if you were motlj^r^ /"The offer is too tempting. I own to feeling ! iired. I left Paris at 8 o'clock', and that meant leaving my lodgings at 7. And the day was hot áfld dry and: dusty.. However, this garden and . tue river make amends for all I have suffered, and this toasted bun is better than the most famous of " Bighon'B sáuiós. "Why do we waste our sub stance on Paris dinners, when tea and cake in a |iáu^jb'.térra"i¿e':iuré,8b deÛcious ?" "y," We cannot always have the terrace and the sunshine." >: " Oh, but there is the winter fireside," said he. . " Everyone has a fireside. I; am^ssured that ¡' epicurean dining is a mistake. j§'man left to bhis owh, devices usually-dines on a mutton chop, j Gourmandism is mere swagger and rivalry. A [ Lord Alvanley invents a dish which shall be ,.costlier than anybody else's dish. A fricassee 'i composed of that particular morsel out of a fowl's . back which epicures have christened the oyster. I A hecatomb of chickens have to be sacrificed for J a single fricassee, and Lord Alvanley goes down I to posterity as the inventor of the costliest dish that 'was ever cooked since Vitellius and his ' nightingales' tongues. Almost all our dining in ''Paris-is upon the same principle. We vie with each other in wastefulness, and restaurateurs grow rich." It was a pleasure to hear him rattle on as he took his tea, devouring buns and jam sandwiches, and seeming really to enjoy the meal. I was very soon as much at home with him as if he had been Cyril. i I told him about the house in Grosvenor-square, and we had a long discussion upon coloring and high art in furniture. I find that he inclines to the Italian school, and thinks that orientalism is a mistake in London. " Your Persian lattices and Moorish divans imply perpetual sunshine and a lazy and semi tropical climate," he said. "They are mere foolishness in Buch a country as England. . And so you are going to desert River Lawn in all its summer beauty for the starched stateliness of Grosvenor-square." I told him that the change was not my choice or my mother's, hut that it was my stepfather who was shifting the scene of our lives. And then I was drawn on to tell him of my step father's dislike of the house which had been my father's house. " I suppose it is a natural feeling on his part," I said ; " he loves my mother so intensely that ho cannot bear to see her in tho homo which her first husband made for her." " Yes, no doubt, such a jealousy is natural to some temperaments. Your stepfather is a pecu liar man, a man of deep feeling, I fancy." " Yes, that is quite true. He Avas devoted to my mother for years-all the years of her widow hood-before he took courago to ask her to be his wife. He is the most unselfish of men. He hardly made any use of his fortune until his marriage; but since he has been mother's hus band he has spent his money like a prince." "And you are to be his son's wife," he said; " that will strengthen the bond between your mother and him." His voice and manner changed curiously as he said this. No one could have been gayer than he was five minutes before, when he was expatiating upon the merits of jam sandwiches. No one couid be graver than he was now. I did not answer him. "What could I say? My engagement is au accepted fact. "We were both silent, till I felt somebody would have to say something, so I 6aid, rather stupidly, " Cyril and I have known each other since we were children. We are almost like brother and sister." "Almost-with the differ ence of a wedding ring," he answered, as he rose to say good-bye. When he was gone I found he had stayed only twenty minutes, and I had two hours to dispose of before 8 o'clock. He came to see mother this afternoon, and they walked together on the terrace i n earnest conversation for more than an hour. Uncle Ambrose was over at the cottage, buried amone his books. I -was in the drawing-room, and I couldn't help feeling a little curious about what mother and Mr. Florestan could fiad to talk about all that time. I tried to practise, but found myself re peatedly running to the open window to look at them. He took leave at last without coming into the house te see me, which I thought was a little un grateful on his part after my having given him his tea yesterday afternoon. " What secrets have you and your neighbor been talking, Mamie?" I said, when mother came slowly in at the drawing-room window, looking grave and thoughtful. '.* .'. . " Don't ask to know too much, my pet. We have been talking of a page in the book of the past. Nothing that touches my Daisy." ' "You have been talking of my father?" I said. She did not deny it. I asked no more questions, knowing how easily Bhe is saddened by any thought of the past. Yet I could not help wondering and wondering and wondering all day long what connection there could be between Mr. Florestan and my dear father's fate.. . > . . . . May 30.-It is a fortnight since I wrote the last Une in my diary j and we have all migrated to Grosvenor-square. -'? ?>.. The house is lovely; every detail that can minister to the comfort and convenience of its inhabitants has been studied and thought out. My rooms are delicious, coloring, form, every thing in excellent taste, outlook sunny, flowers in all the windows, brightness and prettiness every where, and yet I find myself regretting Eiver Lawn every hour of my life ; and I have a shrewd suspicion that mother feels very much as I do. Already she has been talking about August, when we shall go back to Lamford. The Drawing Boom is for to-morrow, and my Court gown has come home from Madame Marti net's, a train of thick ' dull white silk, which falls in massive statuesque folds ; a white ßatin petti coat covered with crystal beads, all one sparkle', dazzling iridescent. The costume is a marvel of brilliant simpucity. Mother has given me the pearl necklace she wore at her presentation three? and-twenty years ago, and Uncle Ambrose has' given me a Bet of diamond stars which are to fasten the ostrich plumes in my hair and on my shoulders. Cyril brought his offering this morn ing-a sapphire half-hoop ring-the second he has given me. The first was given me in Venice, where he bought it at one of the jewellers in the dear little Mercería-a double half-hoop of diamonds and rubies. June 1.-The awful ceremony is over, without' any hitch, and I hope without any gaucherie upon my part. I have seen the face of Majesty, for mother and I were early at the palace, and the Queen had not retired when our turn came. My gown has been admired, and is laid by in lavender, and I am now formally introduced to society, and have all the rights, privileges, and responsibilities of a young person who is " out." ? . Cyril is not to be allowed the splendors and luxuries of Grosvonor-square until after oar mar riage. His father thinks that as a bachelor he is better off in the Albany, where he has a delight ful set of rooms, and where he may keep dogs, entertain his Oxford friends, and smoke as much as he likes. , If I were a young man with such advantages, I should never want to marry. My cousins have expressed themselves very de cidedly about my future life in Grosvenor-square. They cannot believe it possible that any young couple could bo happy under the same roof as their father and mother. " I should prefer the shabbiest little flat in the Edgeware-road to your splendid apartments," said Dora. " Tho plan may answer very well in France. There is a kind of childishness about tho French which makes them look up to their parents in a positively ridiculous way ; but it will never do in an English household. Mark my words, Daisy, it will never do." I told her that almost the chief consideration in my engagement to Cyril was the idea that I should not be partod from my mother when I be came his wife. " If that consideration influences you, my dear, depend upon it you don't caro two straws for the man," she answered in her horrid way. I see a good deal of tny cousins now I am living in town. They find Grosvenor- square nearer the Park than Harley-street, and often drop in to luncheon after their morning walk. They walk in the Row in the morning, and ride before dinner, daily, as if it were a part of their religion. "And yet," my aunt says, " I have not had one eligible offer for either of them." I think there is something really pathetic in that "yet." (TO BE CONTINUED.) 