CURRIENT TOPICS. THE monthly meeting of the Launceston Fire Brigade Board was heold yesterday afternoon. Present-Messrs H. Weedon (chairman), S. J. Sutton (Mayor), H. Edgell, and F. J. Boothman. A letter was read from the City Council in reply to a request from the Board, stating that the Council did not feel inclin, d to incur any further expense with regard to the water supply of Hill and Laura streets. The chairman said that this being the case the Board could do nothing further in the matter, and the letter was ordered to be laid on the table. The Mayor stated the Council had already very heavy expenses, and would doubtless in a few years have to replace nearly all the existing mains and pipes by larger ones. It was decided that the existing plan of fire- plugs, etc., should be returned to the Superintendent of Waterworks in order that the positions of new plugs, etc., should be marked on it. The superintendent, Mr R. Bennell, suggested that each reel should be supplied with a chart of the plugs to be carried on the reels. This was agreed to. Accounts to the amount of £17 7sa d were passed for payment. There were no fires reported tor the month. Permission was granted to send a team to compete in the Brigade Demonstration at Hobart. It was decided to ascertain what would be the cost of uniforms for the bri gade. IN regard to Alderman Edgell's motion at the recent meeting of the City Council concerning the sewage question, a portion of the debate that followed upon it was omitted in our report through 'its not having been clearly stated, and which it is claimed influenced to a great extent those who voted against the motion. It being understood that Mr Edgoll wished the committee to report on schemes for dis posal of sewage matter, it was suggested that the words "under the present system" should follow the words "sewage disposal," and .thus meet the objection some alder. men had to opening up the whole question aft r the water system had been adopted It was understood that most of the alder men would have supported the motion if so restricted. The suggested alteration, however, was not inserted. " LoNroRn, NOTES" writes on Tuesday: -At the Police Court to-day, before the Warden and Mr T. It. Arthur, J.P., Wm. Panton was charged by John Robinson with having unlawfully assaulted him in the bar-room of the Commercial Inn, Long ford. on the evening of Easter Monday, April 7, and pleaded not guilty. Mr A. Archer appeared for the plaintiff, the 'wit nesses examined in his favour being Con stable Thompson and James Goss, jun., while those for the defence were Thomas l'Panton and Frank Bild. The Bench con sidered the charge proven, and fined the defendant 10s, costs (including counsel's fee of £1 is) £2 3a3 C; total, £2 13sa d. AN elocutionary contest, under the aue pices of the Northern Tasmanian hand of Hope Union, is to take place in the Mechanics' Institute on Thursday, June 5. The "Demorest Medal Contest Bureau's" medal will be the prize offered, and three of our leading elocutionists are to act as judges. The contests were inaugurated I y the Demorcst Medal Contest Bureau, No. 10, East 14th street, New York, with the view of furthering the education of youth in the principles of temperance and prohi bition of the liquor traffic by means of a series of elocutionary trials, in which silver, gold, and diamond medals are awarded to succeEsful competitors,. ME-sne H. Button and E. Whitfeld, J.'sP., presided at the City Police Court 1 yesterday. T. O'Connors, for having been drunk and incapable, was fined 53 or one day's imprisonment; and David Wad dingham was fined 10S or three days' im prisonment for having been drunk and disorderly.-Thomas Mooney was re manded till Monday next on a charge of stabbing and wounding T. Fleming on the 5th inst.-C. Smith was charged by Annie Batten with having assaulted her on May 1\. Complainant did not appear, and the case was dismissed. THE intended sisit of the Orpheus Club to Launceston is, as u.ual, attracting interest in musical circles. This will be the Club's seventh visit to the North, and is looked forward to by the members with no ordinary amount of pleasure. Thehon. conductor, Mr W. Eltham, informs us that, speaking musically, the Club will put on two of their best programmes ever sub mitted. Messrs T. G. Lovett, H. Hull, and E. Burgess will sing entirely new songs, and the part songs will also be new. lhe orchestra will give, besides other selec tions, "Norma" and "Dorothy," which are great favourites. The lighter part of the programme will be undertaken by Messrs Hudspeth and M'Millan, who visited 1 aunceston with Mr Packer's opera company "Sweet Simplicity." Taken altogether the Club is stronger than when it last visited Launceston, the part singing being better and the orchestra improved. ACCORDING to advertisement in another part of this issue, an entertainment will be given in St. George's school, Invermay, to- night. A very choice programme has been prepared, comprising about 20 items, including waxworks, tableaux vievants, and selections of vocal and instrumental music. As great care has been exercised to ensure a su:cesiful p rformance, there should be a large attendance, especially as the moon will be available during the return to town. JAMES BuROOMIHALL, aged 50 years, was brought to the Launceston Hospital yes terday frcm beyond Doloraine suffering from a comminuted fracture of the right leg, also from serious bruises of the knee and thigh. The injuries were received whilst Broomhall was engaged in grubbing a stump. James Lascelles, aged 34 years, was admitted to the institution suffering from a wound on the nose, caused by a kick from a horse. An elderly woman, who was run over by a vehicle in Wellington.street, was also admitted, suffering from a com pound fracture of the right ankle. A NEw programme was presented by Hicks's American coloured minstrels at the Academy of Music last evening, and the various items were received with every sign of enjoyment by a numerous audience. The songs, forming the first portion of the bill, were rendered acceptably, particular success being achieved by Messrs W. Wesley, Irving Sayles. and W. H. Speed; and subsequan'ly Mr Wesley was heard to advantage in yodelling. Liberal applause was secured by the Zouaves for military movements, executed with surprising pre cision, and by Mr Frank Dupuy for a trombone solo; while the Connor Brothers' acrobatic feats deservedly evoked the heartiest praise. A sketch and a couple of finales were given with such spirit that the audience were kept in continual laughter. To-night the company will appear for the last lime of the season, and a new pro gramme will be submitted. Mn BERNAID SwIAw, Inspector of Police, who recently arrived in Launceston, will leave to- lay for a tour of inspection on the North-West Coast. A TELEGonAM has been received that Mr Wiffen, of Messrs Harrison and Wiffen, electrical engineers, who is coming over to formulate a scheme for the electric lighting of Launceston, has been delayed in Sydney by illness. A SOMERnET (Cam) correspondent writes: -We were all shocked and grieved here when the news of Dr. Wilson's death became known. We all liked him, and shall miss for many a day his chery voice and merry songs as lihe rode through our township. He was a man of many eccen tricities, but most, I think, might be put down to an inju.y to the head received during active service in India, where he was an army surgeon. He bad seen a great deal of life, and could tell many an in teresting tale of stirring incident experi enced by him in remote lands. He had a great affection for pastoral pursuits, and loved his farm, his horses, sheep, and cattle, which were ever fat and flourishing, Ah, yes I the "o!d doctor." as he was affectionately called by his friends, will be much missed, and it was with sad hearts that we recognised the strains of the "Dead March" as we left the church the day after his death-a small tribute to the memory of as goodhearted a man, if a thoughtless one, as ever breathed. His funeral pro cession was the largest seen hero for many a day. May he rest in peace ! In our quiet cemetery his remains are interred. A MEETING of the Tasmanian Teetotal Society was held in the Temperance Hall last evening, Mr Henry Turner in the chair. The election of trustees was post poned until next Tuesday evening. A communication was read from Sir Morville Wraxall in respect to the holding of a temperance mission in Launceston. In coneequence of Sir Morville Wraxall's present arrangements not being completed it was decided to postpone consideration of the matter to a future date. A cHEAr excursion train is to leave St. Mary's at 7 30 a m. to-day, and is timed to arrive in Launceston at 12 30 p.m. A start will be made on the return journey at 5 15 p.m. Mn Rl. M. JonsTroN has issued a com parative table of last season's yield and acreage in respect of the principalcrops in the aggregates and averages for 14 of the 36 agricultural and pastoral dist icts of the colony. The important matters dis-. closed by this partial contrast are the very large increases in yield of oats, hay, hops, apples, and pears. Wheat, though showing a moderate increase in total yield, shows a decrease in rate per acre, mainly owing to the extraordinary attack of rust. The yield of potatoes, as far as the districts compared show, is very satisfactory, and nearly equal to the yield of last year. It isprobable, however, that more favourable results will be shown as regards this product when the outstanding returns are received. Land in crop has increased by 4702 acres. Returns for Kingborough, New Norfolk, George Town, and Oatlands are under examination, but those for the districts of Selby, Launceston, Portland, Westbury, Deloraine, Emu Bay, Latrobe, Russell, Campbell Town, Hamilton, Longford, Brighton, New Town and Queenborough, Richmond, Sorell, and Spring Bay have not been received. The results from the four teen districts show an increase of 19,005 bushels of wheat, 227 bushels of barley, 67,118 bushels of oats, 2200 tone of hay, a decrease of 13 tons of potatoes, an increase of 573(691bs of hops, 80,760 bushels of apples, and 744 bushels of pears. Wheat, barley, oats, and potatoes shaleow a decrease in the yield per acre. THe remissions of duty made last session by the Victorian Parliament are (says the A.e) accountable for a large proportion of the decrease in the revenue during the quarter ended March 31. These remis sions came into operation on Junsary 1, and therefore do not in any way affect the first two quarters of the financial year 1180 00, that is, from July 1 to December 31, 1889. The principal remissions were in connection with coffee, tea, woollen piece goods and kerosene, and the loss of revenue caused by the reduction of the duties on these items amounted to the large sum of £14,505 in twelve weeks. The duty on tea was reduced from 3d to ld per lb, and as there were 4,814,7301b imported during the period mentioned, the duty collected amounted to £20,001 instead of the .£60,183 that would have been received if the duty had remained unaltered. The removal of the duty on kerosene also seriously affected the revenue. During the quarter 480,700 gallons were imported, the duty formerly imposed on which would have amounted to £12,174. 'lhe loss on the 203,7931b of coffee im ported was £38672. Woollen dress goods to the value of £115,020 were imported during the same period, but as the duty of 7\. per cent. was removed, the loss to the Customs revenue was £8620. Notwith standing the remissions, the revenue has kept up well to the departmental estimate. In fact, at the end of tbs first three quarters of the present financial year the total revenue received was about £8000 above the estimate of the Commissioner of Customs. AN alteration has been made in connec tion with the running of the trains on the Scottadale line. On and after Monday next the morning trains will leave Laun. ceston at 8 15 a.m., and Scottsdale at 8 5 IT is notified oseewhere that the rural police rate for the present year having become due and pa able on April 1, pro ceedings will be taken forthwith against all persons upon whom a demand has been made for the payment of such rate, and who have failed to comply therewith. D'Ancy READ's Ghost and the remark able illusion, "HKalypso," continue to astonish their patrons at the City Pavilion. To-night the entertainment will be under the patronage of his Worship the Mayor, Mr S. J. Sutton. THSEEE unclaimed telegrams are lying at the local Telegraph.olllce. addressed "John P. Lloyd," "M1. M'Culloch, Launceston Hotel," and " liss fI. Breiin, care of Dr. Storells." ATHLETIC eports, followed by a public tea, will take place at Dunorlan to-day. Do the professions pay ? is a question which should be answered after reading the will of Sir William Gull, physician in ordinary to thl Queen. The personalty alone of that eminent physician has been sworn at £341,000. That (says the Pall Mall Gaudic) is one of the largest fortunes thalt have ever boon made purely by pro fessional work. No other physician, no novelist, no painter, no Iarned counsel lihs ever, so far as we are aware, acquired so great a fortune solely by the work of his brains. The most brilliant fortune that has been made at ithe Parliamentary bar did not, we believe, exceed £300,000; while the £100,000 of Dickens remains about the high water mark of the gains" of literature. Sir William Gull no doubt was an unusually successful man all through. He began life in acomparatively humble position, but when he did begin to make his way he made it rapidly, and he never lost any of the ground he had gained. Add to this that he was a min of careful habits, and that lie seems to have escaped that costly malady, the burning desire of the self-made man to "found a family." TIEnRE has (says an English journal) been a terriflic fuss at Constantinople in consequence of a German photographer having rashly attempted to take an instan taneous phlrtograph of the Sultan as Ihis Majesty was proceeding on horseback to the mosque. He was detected by a func tionary, and the guard at once rushed upon him, smashed all his instruments to atoms, and dragge3 him off to prison, where he discovered that he was in a truly serious plight, for the Koran strictly forbids the depicting of the human form, and his attempt to photograph the Sultan was therefore regarded as high treason of a peculiarly diabolical kind. He was re leased after a month's imprisonment, on condition that he quitted Turkey at once and for ever. NOTICE is elsewhere given that Charles. street, between Brisbane and York-streest, will be closed for vehicular trallfo till further notice. A TRIAc of the Howard digging plough, single and double, will be hold on MIr James Beet's farm, two miles from Deloraine, to-day, EaNTnRS close to-morrow for events in con nection with the North-.estern Rifle Associa tion meeting, to be held at Latrobe on Queen's Birthday. ToNIIouT a lecturo entitled " Backbone" will be delivered in the Longford Tabernacle. A coffee supper is annoucaed to take plaoe. A LIST of localities to be visited by Dr Davis, publio vaccinator, is published in another column. A socAcr, to welcome the Rev. H. J. EIwarde will take place in Ohr:st Church Sunday school room at 7 p.m. tomorrow. A TrI.\L of the Torpedo rabbit exterminator is announced to take place on Mr Kidd'e farm, near Evaudale, at 11 a.m. to-day. FAIsniEsa and others are frequently at a loss to know where they may borrow money and re pay the same by esy and oonvenient insta'. monts. It does not Pait them to have a fixed loan, as this entails careful saving to ever pay off, an'd behidea they frequently wish to borrow more than would be lent on a uxed mortgagr. To meeto this very want the EQuITAnLE BUID-r IN? Sooriari undertakes to make liberal ad' vanoes cither to buy or Improvo farms, and arranges for the loan to be repaid with interest by annual instalments to fall due after harvest. These may be for any term of years up to 15, and when the instalments are all paid the actual cost to the borrower for interest is very small. Then there is a bonus paid to every borrower at the end of the term for which the loan was granted. Ac IsronRTANT poIse Is that while the instalments are regularly paid the Soclety cannot demand repayment of the balance of the loans. Farmere thus bnow exactly what they havo to pay each year. Write for full psaticulars to the Secretary, Oameron-street, Launceston. To relieve the pain of the teeth use our In fallible Toothache Dropse. To cure corns use our Corn Solvent.-G. C. JAcooseN ~ND Co., Central Pharmacy 