flovelfst. The Secret Chamber OB, THE GIPSY'S VENGEANCE. By Eliza A. Dupuy, Author of " The Outlaw's Bride;' " The White Terror? &c.;, &e.; CHAPTER XXVII.-(CONTINUED.) . Ethel's (ears began to communicate themselves to those around her, when the bustle of an arrival was heard. In a few moments, Gerald, glowing with health and happiness, entered the room in which, the family was gathered, accom panied by his. friend, Edmund Bertie, who soon found his way to the side of Alice, and the blushing reception she gave him showed that the prepossession on her side was at least as strong as on his. Gerald clasped his betrothed.to his manly heart, and whispered: ^ "Never mora to part, my dearest Ethel. A few- more hours, and you will be mine by the most sacred of all ties." ? - '' She raised her eyea to his, in which love and trust" were mirrored, and replied in the Bamft tone: \- "Yes, forever yours-yours in.heart and soul. Oh 1 Gerald, nothing can part us how." .' Suddenly Ethel remembered the strange colloquy she had held through the win dow, and she drew Gerald' aside, and asked " Did you meet a messenger who came hither in a mysterious mannor to see you? I accidentally n&vr; him through the window, and spoke with him." - : ; , "That was a singular proceeding on such a night ob this. I have not seen any one on tho road. Did he say he would Beekme?" " Yes.-He said his message was of such importance that he must go on the road to meet you." "The inclemency'of the night must, then, ihave driven him to seek shelter before we came along. His news could not have been of much Importance, or he would not have failed to deliver it." ? ???.?; ? /. "Perhaps not; but he seemed very much in earnest." Gerald mused a moment and then said:" ? "It. must have concerned himself,! then, for I am expecting no news that can mar the perfect happiness of this joy-1 ful reunion. Dear Ethel, I have labored j for you, and Heaven haB blessed my ex ertions. I hold in my graBp the fruition I of long years of toil, and all I have now j to do is to enjoy the supremo happiness I have won with a thankful heart to the Giver"of all good. The settlements are completed* and to-morrow we will be married. Thus the blessed Christmas season will be twice hallowed to me." j Ethel would have petitioned for a de lay of a few days, but Gerald reminded her that he had already submitted to many; that her trousseau was prepared, and everything in readiness, and where fore defer their union for a single day? She finally yielded, and he announced io the groups around the fire that the Christmas bells would also ring the peal for their marriage. They received the hearty congratulations of their friends, and Gerald went out among the tenants, and after informing them of the ap proaching ceremony, requested their pre sence at the parish church on the follow ing morning. Soon after they dispersed to their homes, and Gerald returned to the room in which the family was collected, where he found a coBy supper Berved, with the accompaniments of egg nog and mulled wine. ' The bowls that contained them were wreathed with mistletoe, and when the merry meal was ended, Alice took the wreath from one of them, and, plac ing it on Ethel's head, chanted some old rhymes which had struck her fancy: "On Christmas Ere the bells were rung; On Christmas Eve the mass was sung; That only night in all the year Saw the stoled priest the chalice rear; The damsel donned her kirtle sheen; The hall was dressed with holly green; Forth to the woodB did merry men go, To gather in the mistletoe; Then opened wide the baron's hall To vassal, tenant, serf, and all." M We have carried out the programme pretty well, Ethel, considering that we live in such degenerate times; and now that we may act out our own nonsense, with no strangers to criticise us, 1 wish to indulge afantysy of jay own.!' h "What lit It ?" a&e;*d Gerald, laughing. "You may be 8ure of an appreciative audience." Alice went on with smiling gravity : .' The name by which this plant ia known in Germany is der mistel, and the peoplo of Holstein call it the branch of the spectres. They believe that if a per son has nerve enough to hold a bunch of mistletoe firmly in the hand, and invoke the spirit of the dead, he will see the one of whom he thinks arise before him. If he wills to do so, he can speak with the spectre." " But, my dear Alice," said her father, " this seems to me a silly tampering with things too solemn to be lightly regarded. Besides, it is most unsuitably to the fes tival we have just celebrated. Do not attempt such a thing to night, or indeed on any other night, lest you might get frightened at your fancies." " Dear father, I have set my heart on trying it now, so do not oppose me. One would think that you really believe in f[hosts. I do not, so you may safely eb me verify the German supersti tion." Alice seldom failed to carry out what ever she undertook, and, after some hard, persuasion, her father consented that the trial might be made. She said: '. I have prepared an invocation which will undoubtedly bring the airy phan toms around us, if there is any truth in the belief." The placed herself in the centre of the floor, grasped a branch of the mistle toe, and, assuming a tragic, air, com menced : " Spirits of the vasty deep, On the wings of night now sweep; Gome with storm, come through air, And answer to my earnest prayer; If the dead may rise to light, Gome and speak with me to-night." There was a mystic silence, only inter rupted by the sound of the rising wind sweeping against the walls of the house. After a pause of several moments, Alice threw aside her tragic air, and said, in a disappointed tone: "I am not spiritual enough to have the weird vision revealed to me; but you, Ethel, can perhaps try it with better success. Come, priestess, you are al ready crowned with the Druidical wreath, and you shall take my place." With playful force she drew her friend forward, and, unwilling to refuse her re quest, Ethel permitted the branch of mistletoe to be thrust in her hand, and in her turn she repeated the invoca tion. Her face was turned toward the door,. which opened in the hall, and whila.she. repeated the invocation her eyes became fastened to it, as she saw it begin slowly to unclose. - A figure appeared in the open space that curdled the life-blood around her heart, and froze her lips into silence. A tall man, wearing a light-colored overcoat, made white by the snow that had fallen on it; his long, fair hair bonded with the same fieecy flakes, fell in dis order upon his shoulders, beneath which was seen a face as pallid as that of any ghost. He spoke in a tone of hollow 'mockery: You have called me, and lol I come." A cry escaped Mrs. Digby, and she ex claimed : : "It is Vernor! You have summoned him from the realms of the dead. Drop that branch, that he may forever vanish." " That is easier said than done," said Yernor, in his natural voice, as he "strode forward and confronted the group. "I am no * goblin-damned,' but a fleBh and blood entity, which I can well believe you would fill be glad to drive back into the realms of everlasting no thingness. But I am here, and have come to claim my own from him who has un lawfully seized upon it." For a moment Gerald stood frozen in to silence by this terrible interruption to their mirth. But he was aroused from his immobility by a -faint cry from Ethel, and Bhefell insensible in his out stretched arms. As they folded around her, the wretched conviction came to him that another person possessed the right to stand between himself and her he had deemed so entirely his own. He Btified the deep groan of agony that arose in his tortured soul, and endeavored to restore animation to Ethel by sprink ling water from the table over her ipani mate features. Yernor made a step toward him, and hoarsely said: " Unhand that lady, sir I Let my aunt minister to her, for I do nob choose my wife to lie thus in the arms of another man. I am too frozen to touch her my self or I would tear her from your defiling grasp." He had drawn near the fire, the others shrinking away from him as if they still regarded him as a supernatural presence, and was attempting to thaw his chilled hands over the blazing fire. Gexald cast upon him a glance of defiance, and sternly said: "This lady-need not become an object of contention between us. Her own de cision shall govern both of us as to which one she will prefer as her future hus band." " I comprehend that ruse," replied Yernor, with a contemptuous curl of his haughty lip. "You think yourself se cure of getting it in your favor, but the law gives hey to me, and I defy you or anyone else td invalidate my claim." 4 4 You resigned her long ago to me. I thought yoii dead, or I should have placed her fate beyond your con trol." " But you see that I am not dead, and you have failed to accomplish that neces sary duty. Since you neglectpd it, I shall avail myself of every right I still possess over that girl, who offers a pretty wel come to her long-absent husband, by fainting when he appears in her pre sence.'* "Do not daro to call yourself her hus band, for in the sight of God you are not -you never have been thatl You sacrificed her once to your desire for the wealth-she inherited, and you have now returned to force her odious bends upon her because she again has fortune to be stow upon you." Mrs. Digby, with trembling hands, had been bathing the brow of Ethel, who now unclosed her eyes, looked around, and seeing Yernor buried her face in Gerald's bosom, while she murmured : " It is true, then ! It was no phantom! Take me away-hold me fast-Gerald, for I will cling to you even in death it self i" Yernor strode toward her, and mock ingly said! "So-o-my lady bride will not even look upon her long-absent one. I can well imagine the vigils you have held tears you have wept over my supposed i fate- my pretty Ethel, and if tliev have dimmed your beauty I can forgive it. Let me look upon your face, that I may judge if it is much changed since we last met." Ethel raised her hand as if to deprecate a nearer approach, and turning her color less face toward him, she said: "Leave me forever, I implore you! Take my fortune, take everything I claim, but leave me free to walk my path of life without your companionship. You never loved me ; you gave me up yourself, and I call on you to redeem your pliglited word." "On my soul, if it were possible to claim your wealth without the encum brance, I would take you at your word," he fiercely rejoined. " But so important a personage aB Lady Clifton cannot so easily renounce her hereditary estates in favor of another; Only as your husband can I hold them, and as such I intend to enjoy them. Loose your hold on that man; cease to cling to him, or my passion may pass the bounds of freedom." Ethel relaxed her grip on Gerald's arm, stood upright before him, and a faint shade of color swept over her pale face as j she spoke with dignity : ' 'I obey you, since the right to command me is still unfortunately yours; but hear me in my turn. No earthly power shall ever compel me to live with you as your wife. You may, for a season, stand between "mo and the man I love, but I shall find means to break the ^ wicked bonds in which you bound me while I was yet too young to comprehend how odious they might become. You never loved me; my fortune was all you sought in gaining my hand, and the wealth I now posses shall yet purchase freedom for me from your cruel power." " It might, perhaps, if I permitted you to use it for that purpose; but I shall take good care not to do so. The laws of England give a man absolute control over his wife, and I advise you to submit to the fate that iB inevitable. Almost by a miracle I escaped shipwreck in which you thought I had perished. ^ The letters I wrote you were never received, it seems ; or they may have been suppressed. He who sought to supersede me in my family inheritance, and also in your affections, can doubtless give an account of them." He fixed his eyes insolently on Gerald, who proudly replied : " My whole course in life refutes such an absurd charge; neither do 1 believe that such letters have ever been written. Where have you been during all these years!" Yernor dared not name the place of his late residence, and he said: «I was picked up by a ship bound to Virginia. When the news of the revolu tion in the country reached there, I immediately embarked for my native home. On landing at Lyne, I learned that you had usurped my title and for tune, and that my bride was also about to bestow her hand upon you. I hurried hither to put a stop to such proceedings and now, Sir Gerald Methurn, I demand the restitution of my wife and estate." . , " On the last you have no legal claim, for the property of my uncle has become mine by purchasa. The title has also been bestowbd on me for services rendeied to the present king; but I waive my right to bear it if you choose to assume a barren distinction unsupported by the wealth that can only render it respectable. As to Ethel, she lias declared her resolution not to be claimed by you. I will main tain her right to do so at any cost." The rest of the group had listened in appalled silence to thispassionate colloquy; but Mr. Digby here interposed : "It is useless to recriminate thus. Mrs. Digby, remove Ethel to her chamber | for she seems,scarcely able to sustain her | self. Go with them, Alice, and send a. servant to conduct Mr. Bertie to his chamber. Gerald and myself will talk with Yernor, and endeavour to bring him to a more reasonable frame of mind." I Yernor stepped forward and attempted to take Ethel's hand in his; but she shrank away, saying: "No-no-never shall my hand be clasped in yours again. You resigned it to him to whom it is now plighted, and my heart ratifies the contract." A dark frown gathered on his brow and he said, through his closed teeth : " We shall see who shall be the winner, I play for a great stake, and the opposi tion of a feeble woman shall not mar my I game. I give you this night to reflect [upon your position and make up your mind to your inevitable fate. Ethel Methurn, 1 claim your allegiance as my lawful wife, and, mark me, it shall be rendered." Ethel seemed on the verge of fainting again, and Mrs. Digby hastily drew her aside. The three ladies left the room together, Alice almost sustaining the sinking form of her friend, whose strength was exhausted by the violent emotions of the last few moments. When in her own chamber she wept upon the bosom of her adopted mother, and wildly asked if it would be possible for Vernor to force her to live with him as his wife. ! " Calm your agitation, my love," said Mrs. Digby, soothingly. "Vernor assumes a high tone, but he must feel the weakness of his cause. He cannot compel you to return to him. It will take time to obtain a divorce, but no English jury will refuse a verdict in your favor, when the facts of the case are fairly set before them/' "But Vernor may attempt to avenge 1 on Gerald the preference I feel for him. Oh I aunty, he looks so savage, so revengeful, that my heart dies within me when I think of him." "My son can protect himself, Ethel; j have no feara for him. Bad as I am I afraid Vernor is, he will attempt no violence toward his cousin. He haB too tender a care for his own safety, you may beBure." Thus reasoned, Ethel became more composed, but for her aching heart there was no repose during the long hours of that wretched night. The light of that day, which was to have witnessed her espousals to the man she adored, fell upon her wan and wretched, "fearful of the evil influence which had darkened her life and half-broken her heart. She was too ill and miserable to descend to breakfast, and Alice came into share the repast which was served in her own apartment. She ende avorcd to cheer the sinking spiritB of her friend, but she had as yet no favorable news to com municate. 