Any authoritative contribution to the discussion as to the possibility of making cheap railways pay is of special interest just now, when the rate of our development has come to depend largely oo the practical answer to the ques tion. A good deal hangs on whether cheap lines can be made serviceable without entailing heavy charges for maintenance; and in broken country, such as is most of Gippsland, still more depends on whether it be possible to work narrow gauge lines in connection with our 5 feet 3 inch standard. An English railway expert of 17 years’ experience in the work of railway, making in Great Britain and Ireland contributed to the Age a valuable paper, which we reprinted in yesterday’s Star. This gentleman is positive that both cheap railways and narrow gauge can be introduced here with very great advantage. He does not favor any material reduction in the weight of rails or amount of ballast, but is con fident that enormous savings could be made by omitting unnecessary buildings and employingless hands, and also by the introduction of narrower gauges where from the nature of the country the wider ones would mean specially heavy cost. The Vic torian railways are, he says, “ overmanned by officials, station masters, clerks, porters, <fcc., to the extent of five men where three should be made to do. . . . The whole management strucK me as being extraP* vagant, aiidfrora 15 to 20 years behind the style and system existing on the best managed lines in Britain. The engines, railway carriages, and waggons are not near abreast of the times.” Our department has an inveterate objection to making trial of cheaper methods of management which' have long been in successful use elsewhere. There is, for example, the plan followed to some ex tent in New Zealand, and which “s very largely adopted in Ireland, France, and other Continental railway systems. Under" ' it no paid permanent bands are located at any way side stopping place until the traffic actually requires them. Until then the issue of tickets, Ac., is done by the guard who, travels with the train, and he accounts also for the carriage of goods, <fcci- The stopping places are of the simplest kind, as not even platforms are necessary, and passengers get in and out as they do on an ordinary - street tramcar; When the traffic can pay for further accom modation it is given, but not till then. The writer of the paper alleges that on many old lines, which, under the old system, were worked at a loss, a change to the newer and more simple style made them dividend-paying at once. We have it in evidence that the average earnings of Victorian railways are heavily depleted by tlie low returns from branch and cockspur lines; low, that is to say, in comparison with cost of working and management. If, then, by sweeping away an accumula tion of traditions and precedents, and reverting to a really economical . way of working, we could make most of these rural branches do something more than pay its way, our capacity for further railway extension would at once be indefinitely extended. But we have- to go on in the-old blind, ex travagant way because some should-be superannuated officers of the depart ment obstiuately object to keeping up with the times. On the question of adopting narrower gauges where the circumstances re quire it, the writer is equally clear and decided. The narrow gauge lines can be made, .and they are made, with the most excellent results, and there is, he says, a simple mechanical device by means of which narrow gauge trucks can be carried over a broad gauge line. Surely our Department ought to know all this. “I have seen,” says the writer, “ a line of 3 feet gauge made for £750 per mile exclusive of land (which cost : iSIO per mile), and' rails. * • •” Modern experience proves light railways to be a grand success. “The most eminent rail way engineers,” he says, “approve of them, and. have testified in favor of their construction before committees of both the Lords and the Commons. And the Government of Great Britain passed last session Acts of Parliament en abling loans of public money to be made on easy terms for the sole purpose of building light railways in Ireland.” The writer avers that railways ought to be built throughout Victoria at a cost not exceeding £3500 per mile. One more point taken by him is that where the population of a district are very desirous of obtaining a railway and the evidence -goes to show it would not pay its way, then let the ratepayers interested unite in a guarantee of 2 per cent, on its cost until it earns enough revenue to do so. It appears several lines in Britain are built and working ou this principle. To all this "there will be the rejoinder that the districts already unserved by our railway system will not care to be less well served than those which already have elaborate and costly Go vernment lines, and will object to being saddled with even a nominal responsi bility when other districts not more de serving got their railways without any. As we have repeatedly pointed out, however, the measure of our . future railway extension must be found in a practical enquiry as to the lowest figure at which efficient railways can he made and maintained. Until, that measure is decided, it is worse than idle to waste time in squabbling over how little or how much new railway the country cau afford: And a suf ficient reply to the murmurs of dis tricts which might have to accept light lines would be a fixed resolve that the policy of. economy must be inaugu rated forthwith, and that all districts alike, without fear or favor, would have to choose between light lines, economically worked, and no railways at all. The steady and rapid increase of fatal cases of diptlitheria is naturally attracting the attention of the Board of Public Health. At the ordinary meeting on Tuesday the President, Mr Topp, spoke, of the great increase of diphtheria cases, more particularly in Melbourne and its suburbs. Accord; ing to Mr Hatter, ■ the fatal cases during the half-year ended 30th J tine, were 261. ' For the corresponding period of 1889, the number was.l37; and for 1888, 68. Under the circum stances the Central Board will issue a circular to the local boards reminding them of their duties, and reciting the course to be pursued by local health officers when the occurrence of the malady within their districts becomes known to them. This is well, but the Board of Public Health may fairly be expected to insist on preventive as well as remedial measures.. No doubt it is a good thing to take immdiate steps to prevent diphtheria from spreading where it has once broken out, but it were a better thing to deal stringently with the removal of all ascertainable and avoidable causes. It is well known that, whatever the technical origin of this terrible disease, bad drainage, impure water, and filth in general are powerful helps to its progress and malignity, and perhaps there are but few local districts in which these adverse influences are not allowed to remain or continue, where they mighl easily be removed. The board has almost unlimited powers and, in a matter so important, would be justified in using them freely. Mel bourne is not only the head quarters of the Health Board, but also of epidemic disease, and for all we know to the contrary it is the centre from which, in most cases, infection is carried into the country by visitors returning to their homes. The colony would like to be assured that the Health . Board is fully alive to its duties, as the reports of its periodical meetings do not indicate any very energetic action. If in the course of a few months diphtheria is still active, and finds new allies in its deadly work in the usual summer visita tion of typhoid fever,, there will be- indignant,' enquiries why this and that precaution was - not taken while there yet was cool weather and plenty of time. All ascertainable -helos to the-"inception or spread of epidemic disease should be dealt with now, and our house, so to speak, set in order for the more sickly aud trying time of year. The board proposes to require a plan of every schoolhouse in order to satisfy itself - that the drainage arrangements are complete. They should, at the same time, find out all about the water supply for school use. There are such things as underground tanks, which act also as receivers'for surface drainage, just as there are raised tanks which. .are not cleaned from year to year, and in which the water becomes foul, and perhaps, charged with the germs of disease.. All this should be ! seen to by . the local officers, but upon., the Central Board rests the onus of seeing that these local officers do their duty. Does the hoard discharge this duty ? .A special meeting. of ; the Ballarat Trades and Labor Council was-held lest evening to consider the marine difficulty.- There was a' good attendance,;and the president, Mr T.- Porter, occupied the rehair. The president briefly, stated the objects of. the meeting, and. it was a question for them to offer assistance to the Melbourne Trades’ Council. He bad no fear of the result of the strike, but labor must do its utmost to bold its own. They must endeavor to’ break down a monopoly, that had long ; existed, and federation of trades’ councils was necessary. If they could federate ou this one ‘object, it would go a long way to bring about a closer federation in the future. He hoped the Ballarat council jwould give a strong ex pression of i pinion ou the subject at issue. ; After some discussion, iu which a number of members expressed their feelings somewhat strongly, a motion was moved by Mr Hurde field to the effect that a muss meeting .of the trades and the general-public -be called, with the view of supporting the Melbourne Trades Council in the proposed chartering of vessels to carry coal from the neighboring colony. The motion was seconded by Mr \Y. Richards, and carried unanimously. The president 6aid lie hoped the delegates indi vidually would bring the matter promi nently before their societies, so tbkta uuited. effort might be made. Ou the motion of Mr T. Bailey, the arrangements for the meet ing were left in the bands of the executive officers. Mr Ewih moved the appointment of a committee of seveii to control the local finances aud carry out the work. The mo tiou was seconded by Mr Bailey, aud carried, and the following gentlemen were appointed: —Messrs Hurdsfield, Uunu, Bell, ShL-ldnn, Evans, Marsdun, and Bailey. -Mr Joy moved —“That all societies affiliated with the Trades and Labor Council be asked for practical support.”-The motion was secoudcd by-Mr G. Bell, and unanimously carried. The meeting theu closed. The writs for the Wellington Province and Nelson Province election are advertised in another column. The poll will be taken ou the 11th September, and nominations must be received before the 29th, August. The crimiual business of-the: Supreme Court was concluded yesterday, aud his Honor Mr Justice Hood will to-day pass sentence -ou -the prisoners. Iu .the civil jurisdiction of the court the case of Hunt v Hunt will be heard. Constable R. Taylor, of the Redan police, Inis passed the examination- qualifying him for the rank of officer. The friends of Mr Tailor will be glad to- hear of his success. Cohstable Linchan, who was for a time 'stationed iu this district, has also passed tlie exam, for the silver lace. Among the constables who passed for the rank of sub officer are W. H. Gardiner (Allendale); and Perkins (Cluncs). It is the intention of. a number of local owuers ami breeders of pigeons, canaries, and poultry, to form a society similar to those in existence in Melbourne and Geelopg. A; meeting will probably be called some time duiing next week. Tlie trial of Thomas Middleton ou the chnrge of having murdered his wife Julia Middleton on the 24th February last, was concluded yesterday before'His Honor, Mr Justice Hood. Mr J. T. T. Smith prose cuted for the' Crown, and Mr Herbert Barrett defended the the prisoner. The only further evidence taken was that of Mrs Britten. The Crown prosecutor and Mr Barrett both addressed the jury, and his Honor then reviewed the evidence and argu ments and summed up slightly against the prisoner. The jury retired at 2 o’clock, but were unable to agree upon a verdict. At a quarter past S o’clock they returned into court, and his Honor then discharged them. The prisoner was theu remanded until the uextsittingsof thecourt. Bail was allowed in in his own recognizance for £lOO, and two other sureties of £lOO each. We understand that several Ballarat resi dents are seriously affected, by the liquida tion of the Essendon Tramway Company. There are a number of shares in the venture held in the city, and one of onr merchants, we hear, stands to lose about £4OOO by the liquidation. His Honor Judge Gaunt has heard an ap plication in chambers iu connection with the case of Burdeu v Persse, to recover £33 0s 6d for money paid and iuterest thereou, to cousider the sufficiency of Mr Persse’s answer to interrogatories and for a further order that Mr Persse should be compelled to make a full and sufficient affidavit iii answer. Mr Barrett appeared in support, and Mr Pearson opposed the application. His Honor made an-order that defendant should further answer the interrogatories, but would not direct answers to the other interroga tories oil the ground that such answers might tend to criminate defendant. His. Honor directed that plaintiff should be at liberty to put interrogatories as to the funds and property, framed so as to avoid calling for answers which might subject defendant to criminal proceedings. Mr Swinton Diston, an artist recently arrived in Ballarat, has now at his studio, Eldon Chambers, corner of Sturt and Lydiard streets, a number of pictures approaching completion. One painting in oils is deserv ing of special mention, owing to its artistic merit. It i9 entitled “ The Murder of Jeau Gabriel Perboyue." Perboyue was a Fran ciscan friar who, while laboring as a mis sionary in China, .was seized by enemies, lashed to a cross, and flogged to death. The picture, -which is a very striking one, has been viewed by a large number of persons during the past few days. A man named Angus M'Douaid was ar raigned at the criminal sittings of the Supreme Court yesterday on a charge of having on the 29th May last, at Cluues, committed an indecent assault ou a little girl imiiied Priscilla Tasker. Mr J. T. T. Smith prosecuted, aud Mr T. P. Finn, in structed by-Mr Pope, defended the prisoner. It was alleged that the accused, who had been under the influence of liquor, took the girl, who is only abimt four years of age, into a shed, and there treated her in an indecent maimer. A statement to this effect was made by the little girl herself, and a number of witnesses were called to give corroborative evidence. The only direct evidence bearing on the case, how ever, was thut of a lad named Ernest Bliaux, who spoke in a very intelligent manner, and stated that he saw the accused take the gill into the shed, and afterwurds heard her scream out. The girl's father and mother, and a Mrs Dobell, were also among the witnesses exainiued. His Honor directed the jury to use their own judgment as to whether they should find the accused guilty of indecent nssault or common assault, or whether they should discharge him. The jury, after a retirement of two hours, found the prisoner unt guilty, and discharged him. A lad named Joseph Martin who resides in Huniffray street, sustained some rather nasty bruises of the right thigh and groin yesterduy, through being knocked dowu by a cart, one of the wheels of which passed over him. The injuries were subsequently treated at the hospital. A young man named William Holt, a resident of Drummond street, was also treated at the institution for a couple of crushed fingers on the left baud, caused through their being jammed between two casks at Messrs Tulloch and M'Laren’s brewery. A special meeting of the Ballarat Presby ery was held yesterduy, when there were present the Revs. T. R. Cairns (presiding), T. Scott-Millur, J, M’Kay, and C. Cameron, A cordial and unanimous call was made out from Ballan for the .Rev. G. R. Murphy. Messrs D. Maopherson, Young, and Meyers attended as a deputation in support of the J call, which .was, largely signed by the mem bers and adherents of the church. The call was sustained .by the presbytery, and will be transmitted .in due form to Mr Murphy for'-his consideration. It is understood that Mr Murphy will aeeept it. The announcement of the appearance of MrGeo. C. Miln,-at the Academy of Music, on Tuesday next, has doubtless been re ceived with genuine pleasure by the theatre goers of this city, nor will the remembrance of Mr Miln’s generosity on his last visit to Ballarat, when he was the donor of £5O, aud the proceeds of a matinee, towards the Shakespearian statue fund, lessen his popularity during the forthcoming season. Mr Miln has always been a great favorite here, and his generous conduct could not but enhance the good feeling existing towards him. The season commencing on Tuesday will he limited to six nights, during which the following plays will be produced:—“The Merchant of Veuice,” “Julius Caesar,” ‘‘Hamlet," “Romeo and Juliet,” “Ingo mnr,” and “ Richard III.” With Mr Miln will be associated Miss Louise Jordan, the talented American actress. The company has also been augmented since its last appear ance here, and'includes several well-known names. The box plan will be opened to-day at-Messrs Sutton’s, where family tickets, including six transferable coupons- available for any night-of the aeasou, may also be obtained. Alexander Reid pleaded guilty yesterday morning at the criminal sittings of:, the Supreme Court to fonr charges of false pre tences., He was remanded until this morn ing for senteuce. A united communion service in connection with the Ballarat Evangelical Alliance wa9 held last night at St. Andrew’s Kirk, under the presidency of the Rev. T. R. Cairns. Amongst the clergymen who were present, in addition to the speakers, were the Revs. E. W. Nye, J. H. M‘Kay, C. Lancaster, and W. Hunt. An instructive sermon was preached by the Rev. J. Cowperthwaite, 8.A., and the Rev. C. Cameron delivered an earnest address after the communion, which was partaken of by a large number. The City Bench was occupied yesterday morning by Messrs Shaw, Lord, aud Talent, J’s.P. (Joe person was dealt with on a charge of drunkenness. The council of the Old Colonists' Associa tion met last night, and made the final ar rangements respecting the banquet to be held this evening. AH the tickets have been distributed, and several parties have been nimble to get supplied. Any member hav ing any tickets not disposed of is requested to return them before 12 o'clock to-day, as the number to be catered for has been limited to the number of tickets issued. There is no doubt of the meeting being a great success. Mr Shelton last week inspected the Urquhart street State school, which has come out of the ordeal with flying jcolors. It has established a record for the- district by obtaining a percentage of 103—Departmental calculation. The anomaly in the terms is explained by the fact that after the actual percentage has been counted, the inspector has the power to add op to 15 per cent for discipline, so that 115 is the highest possible average. In the case of the Urquhart street school the actual percentage was 89, and to this Mr Shelton added 14 for discipline. This result speaks very highly for the head teacher (Mr J. C. Molloy) and the able staff he has under him. Mr Shelton is now en gaged inspecting the Central State school, which it is expected will also obtain a good result. Mr Justice Hood, who is at present on circuit iu Ballarat, entertained the mayors of the City and Town aud other representative gentlemen, at dinner at Lester’s hotel la3t evening. A man uanied Robert Merritt, who resides in Albert street, was arrested yesterday by Constable Rogerson, on a warrant charging liicn with assaulting his wife. Merritt will be.brought before the City magistrates this morning: , ' Mr Tlios. Harding having been returned unopposed as one of the representatives for the south riding of Ballaratshire, has generously offered two trophies -of £5 each, to be awarded by competition to the best male and female pupil in any of the five State schools within the riding. The president of the Holy Ghost College informs us that Messrs W. T. Casey, N. Cushing, and M. J. Field,- students at the college, achieved very high positions in their late competition at the Public Service Examinations. The first named secured 440 marks, aud the second and third 429 and 42S marks respectively. This evening Mr Martin Hosting will deliver one ■■£ his popular lectures, entitled, “ My travels through Rome," in the Town Mission Hall. A large number of tickets have been sold, and tickets can be obtained to-lday from.the secretary (Mr J. H. Arthur), at the establishment of Mr G. Crocker, Sturt street, or any member of the Y. M.C.A. The grand social of the M.U. lodge in Builarut, which was to have taken place to morrow (Friday) has been unavoidably post poned until the sth September. Those per- Bims who have bought tickets are reminded that they will be available for the sth September. A splendid programme has been prepared, and the affair promises to be a big success. The syndicate that lias in baud the matter of providing a tramway system for Geelong, is taking steps for tile flotation of a company to carry the project into effect. The seventeenth report of the directors of tile Melbourne Tramway and Omnibus Com pany was issued on Tuesday. It is for the year ending 30th June last. The profit shown, including £10,093 7s 6 1 carried for ward from last year (and including also £2137 0s 6d from sales of freehold proper ties), amounts to £156,935 13s 4d. From this four quarterly dividends of 4 per cent, each have been paid, amounting to £64,000, leaving a balance of £92,935 133 4d, which it is proposed to apply as follows:—To transfer to reserve fund the profit ou pro perties sold, £2137 0s 6d; to payment of a dividend of 2s per share, £SO,O0O; leaving a balance to carry, forward of £10,795.12s 10d. It is intended to make a turtner issue of 160,000 shares without premium to the mem bers of the company in proportion to their present interests—say two new shares to every ten shares now held—to be allotted on application and payment of 10s per share, placing them on an equal footing with exist ing shares, carrying dividends from the Ist July last. » A little boy of Mr Anderson’s, Middle Biighton, was attacked with scarlet fever ou Friday last, aud was subsequently attended by Dr Gurdeon. The doctor suggested that a 1 quid disinfectant should be used about the house, and by mistake the mother of the boy gave, him a dose of this poison early on Tuesday morning, which proved fatal a short time after. A return was laid before the House ou Tuesday “ showing the additional sums ex pended over and above contract prices by the Railway Department upon all lines con structed since ISS4, detailing the extra ex penditure upon each particular line after having faeeu taken over by the department from the contractors.” There was paid for laud and compensation £105,215, the Creswick and Diylesford line being debited with £10,256; Ballarat Racecourse to Springs, £5765; and Ballarat Cattle Yards branch, £2078; for eugiueering, £61,157; for station buildings, £217,340; telegraph, £5141; perinaneut way materials, £1602; and for miscellaneous—and what this means we are at a loss to conceive—£19,098; or a total of £413,453. This return does not contain all the information asked for. The expenditure for permanent way materials and rolling stock is not given, the reason assigned being that these charges are not yet apportioned, although some of the lines have been taken over since June, ISS6. In the Assembly »u Tuesday Mr Taverner brought up the report of the select committee appointed to inquire into and report upon the various tramways constructed by means of loans obtained under the Country Tram ways Trust Fund Act. It is understood that the committee, presuming the report is adopted, intend calling for evidence from the engineers who constructed the Koondrook and Katamatite tramways, and also the shire secretaries concerned in the financial part of the business, with a view of ascer taining what increased facilities should be granted to local bodies in the direction of borrowing money for the construction of tramways. It is understood that in the amended Country Tramways Act which the Government propose to introduce, the Treasurer is disposed to increase the limit of borrowing from £2OOO to £2500 per mile. A return to the order of Mr Calvert was la|d ou the table of the Legislative Assembly ou Tuesday, showing the cost of construct ing the lines from Eaglehawk to Kerang aud Swan Hill, Korong Vale to Boort, Inglewood to Charlton, aud from the latter place to Wycheproof. It showed that the line from Eaglehawk to Kerang (73f miles) cost £290,757 or £3943 per mile, including fencing and gatehouses. Without the two latter, the expenditure per mile was £3653. The Kerang to Swan Hi Ik line (35 miles) cost - £141,119, or £4031 per mile with; and £3735 without, fencing and gate houses. The Korong vale to Bnort line (18 miles long) cost £72,742, being at the rate of £4041 with fences and gate houses, and £3714 without these additions. A sum of £l/O,SS9 was absorbed in the construction of the lugle wood to Charlton line, a distance of 42J miles, the average cost with fencing and gate houses being £4998 per mile, and £3716 without that equipment. The most costly line was the one from Charlton to Wycheproof—l6J miles—which entailed an expenditure of £55,121, an average of £5159 per mile with fencing and gate houses, or £4790 per mile without those additions. The Acting-Minister of Agriculture, Mr Deakin, is making arrangements for a con ference of dairy experts to be. held during tiie National Agricultural Society’s Show. The conference, which will be held on Tues day, 26th inst., will have under their con sideration questions of dairy management, butter produce, packing, and exportation. Already Mr Martin, the secretary to the department, lias had a preliminary consults-, tion with some.of the experts, who ore to be invited to meet at the board room of the Lands Office. • The swagman Tudehoke,. who; was ar rested on suspicion of having been impli cated in the death of ‘ George Avety at Camperdown, has been discharged from custody, the jury returning a verdict to the effect that the deceased met with his death accidentally. 