I Not a little public interest centres in i the result of the proceedings which have been taken against pugilists Slavin and M'Aulifie in connection with the recent glove fight. Since the adoption of the Qaeenebury rules, and the systematic modification of the glove there has been a decided revival of ! I interest in the so-called noble art . I of eelf-defenoe. It is true that the | palmy days of the prize ring, when itB distinguished professors and ' most brilliant ornaments were the j boon companions of tbe Prinoe Regent — the first gentleman of Europe — have passed away never to return. But there has returned a still loss reputable form of the practice ; a form which substi tutes low vices for rude virtues, aud tnafeea the thing still more utterly objectionable. One of the prominent developments in connection with this revival is the Athletic Olub, with its strong ion of aristocratic and influen tial member?, its extensive premises, and well-appointed gymnasium, in which gentlemen who may not fight cocks in a pit, amuse themselves by fighting men in a ring. To evade the law these encounters are euphemisti cally termed ' glove contests but the difference between a glove contest and a prize fight has become a matter of such nicety that nothing less fchan tha dArrimnn rnv ! from one of the Snperior Courts will assure the public as to the exact light in which the matter is legally regarded. At the present moment it would certainly seem that emboldened by the reviving interest in their degrading and brutal exhibi tions, the pugilists and their influential, backers have very impudently but very successfully eet the law at defiance. With the knowledge of the fnct that arrangements liad been openly made for the Slavin-M'Aulifie fight, tbe principals were brought before the Court charged with intention to com mit a breach of the peace, a&dwere; bound over in heavy sureties to refnin. At the very time of tdgning the bonds it wbs publicly known that the fight would proceed deepite this prohibition and in flat defiance of the police, the magistrates, and all other legal opposites. It accordingly did proceed. and the defence now made, upon which the case will be submitted to the Superior Court, is that ihore was no breach of tho peace, and that in talHyig part in a glove contof-t, by which a man was knocked senseless in six minutes, the piincipals were engaged in a perfectly lawful and Jegilipmu. 1 undertaking. If this reaUy is eo, v 1 about time that the matter was fuuly ! Intro* duoed to check^his growing ctiI. pa j a sense, this last af&uv; is ^ even more ; unsatisfactory * than ifche ' Amerioan Sullivan-Kilrain scandal, mnpe there law was not openly defied ; biit there was a deoorous attempt At evasion, and a course was subsequently adopted which, however farotoal in its ^results, asserted the authority of theiBtate to forbid and to prevent these etiiibitions. But in the British case the Ormonde Club or the prisefi|;hten : them selvee claim to' tiay whether, or not their action is in ^dation of the law, and it is ? to be hoped that if the appeal is unsuccessful prpceedings will bb instituted whidi will maJke su6h 'b, n example of. the.prinoipals in I the case 'as will prove a ^uooessful ^eteCTent. . to all would-be imitators, {f this cannot be dope, then let the legality of these brutalising exhibitions be proclaimed, so that the evil may be brought to a head as soon as possible, and the new prise ring may^break down with the weight of its own chicane and roguery. . What it is now doing for all the principal Austra lian cities ' may be realised by those who will acquaint thems&ves; with the boxing hulls and athletic club rooms which nightly pander to the larrikin element, and to the betting adjuncts by which the whole swindle is systematically regulated. It as not jal ways ; that theftrue character of these ' manly encounters' ia made to appear so plainly as itas the case in the memorable Smith - Slavin contest, wherein the villainy was only paralleled hy the cowardice ; but the same ele ments' verv laigoly enter into the ana conduct of the great majority. leading attoibute, the love- ot fair play, formerly claimed as ite characteriBtic, the boxing cult has nothing but its brutality and rascality to commend it as an excellent agent for the demoralising of the public. It is an absurdity to contend that there is so wide a difference between 'glove matches ' and prize fights as to vender the one legal, while the other remains illegal, and no one who has watched a aharp contest with 4oz or 6az gloves will venture to assert that the punish ment may hot be made far more severe than in ordinaiy fiehts with bare knuckles, in consequence of the 41 knocking out' process being pro longed. Yet while conviction and penalty awaits upon the one as a breach of the peace, the other has been per mitted as an unobjectionable form of public entertainment. Tf the English decision goes against this view of the matter, it is to be hoped that it will lead to a general determination to suppress these debasing forms of amusement, and if it does not there is every proepect that in the impetus so given to the prize ring revival, it will so' outrage the public sense of propriety and decency as to promptly work ite own reformation. By the enormous majority of ten votes to two the Legislative Council last evening passed tbe Stock Tax Bill, the peculiar fea ture being represented of the Premier voting against a measure introduced by tbe Treasurer Nothing could possibly have eo completely -shown the change in public opinion on the question of Protection as the acceptance c f the Stock Tax. Six years ago a crowd paraded Launceston streets demanding the repeal of the sheep and cattle duties, and resolutions making the same -demand in a constitutional manner were unanimously adopted at mass meet ings in Hobart and Launceston. The people then were led astray by the erroneous belief that the repeal of the Stock Tax would be immediately followed by a great reduction in the retail prioe of meat. This, however, proved so utterly delusive that the consumers generally— seeing that little or no difference occurs in the retail value —prefer to see the cattle and sheep re quired for food produced and fattened in the Colony. The re-imposition of the Stock Tax will be good news to very many small farmers throughout the Colony, and there is little doubt that hundreds of acres of root crops .will this season be planted for fattening purposes. The re-Imposition of the Stock Tax is undoubtedly the greatest victory ever secured Ly the Protectionist party, and the acquiescence therein of the public points to the fact of a general adop tion of Chat policy. As wb suggested when the appointment of the Council's delegates to tbe Federal Con vention was announced, tbe Premier been selected as tbe seventh delegate, thus preventing the anomaly of the Premier of Tasmania being excluded from the repre sentatives of the Colonies who are to dis qots, and if practicable frame, a Federal Constitution for Australia. The Ibemanian delegates now are: — The Hon. the Premier, j Treasurer, the Attorney-General, the j Hons. W. Moore, . W. h. Burgess, N. 1 J. Brown, and A Douclas. It will ba seen that th a AmJhit, »iii u': : four representatives, and the Council three. It is satisfactory to learn that the Pilly dispute— -which should never have arisen— between the two Chambers has thus been amicably settled ; and the members of the Assembly are to be congratulated on de clining to make so important a subject as that of the appointment of the federal delegates a casus belli in a puerilo squabble about tbe fanciful. privileges of the respec tive Chambers. It only remains now for the delegates to enter heartily into the matter, so thut when the Convention meets in January the representatives will be in a position to assist in shaping the rough ends of the proposed Federal scheme. Te Oldyb ENarLGHK Favbb— The at tendance yesterday was larger than on the preceding day,^ and last evening the Y.VI.C. A. building was inconveniently crowded in all parte. Although the crush was eo«reat the utmost good feeling pre vailed, and everything passed off with the greatest satisfaction. An additional attrac tion was the promenade concert held at the rear of tbe building by St. Joseph's Band, who gave their services gratuitously The grounds were lighted with Chinese lanterns, and the band played selections of music in their best style, and they were accommodated wjth a well-arranged mar quee. (After the heated atmosphere inside toe building the visitors found tbe promenade a pleasant change, while it re lieved Ye Oldye Englyshe- streeteofsome of tbecrowid. The concert-room as usual was packed, and at an early hour the doors were locked, and it was impossible to gain ad mission until .some of those who were inside retired to other parts. The stalls were well patronised during the evening, aod the ladies were driving a constant and lucrative business, each and all being indefatigable in their efforts to sell their waree. The art unions received an uncommonly good share of public favor, while the fine arts gallery was as popular as ever, and proved quite as amusing as it did on previous occasions. The ' bran pie,' in charge of Mesdames Nichols and Cook, and tbe ' snowball,' under the control of Mr8BelUon,jnet with unlimited approval, aod the. proceeds from each were very satisfactory. ThB performance contributed by Sergt. -Major Welsh and his squad, con sisting of Indian club and dumb-bell exer cises, drew an interested audience. All the other attractions, which were so successful I ou tne tormer aaye, received well-merited 1 support, and there was no diminution in the attendance. Tbe takings yesterday were : — Attendan -*, £22 3s ; stalls, etc., £75 4e 4d. Total, £97 7s 4d. On Tuesday last Mr Turton took charge, in the absenre of Mr P. L. Stephenson. h» b'»nc: j '?*»-*' ? ?rr#»- ♦ary wif^ -. . \\{ i^vr* will be o'.'-i h aitnruoon and even V'£{ikud thorn* who hRTp t--j, neon it . not let the lu«t oppjriuui j' ol doing to ittcape them. CoiiBT op BbquhsIis.— The October sit ting of the 'Court of 'Bequdsts In Its £60 - jurisdiction/ will he , held at the Court | Houae/Pattetsati-street, on Tuesday next, . before MrOomihissioner Waterhoose* %hen ' the following' cases will be heard:— Ad- 1 j turned cadee Adam*, Griffiths, and 1 Dudley t. W. fihegog, goods sold, £10 3s lid ; Messrs. Douglas and Collins for plain- ; tiffs, Mr W. Croft .for defendant. New causes— Michael Seven f. Ed di table life Association of the ^United States, work done and salaiy ddejtSQrMeaarsi Douglas 1 and Collins *for plaintiff^ Me&sH.; BllUton and Featherstone for defendants. Thomas pampb^UfeFQatanfl Stewart, goods sold, £36 lis ti'i Heeds. Maftih ahd Hohklrk for plaintiff, Mr J. £. Waldron for defen dants. W/ .Br Dean, v. F. Qowea, shares, £41 6s; Messrs/ Miller, and Miller for plain tiff, Messr* Douglas .and Collins for defen dant. J. M'Donald v. J, M'Near, detention of goods, £13 Ida ; Mr J. B, Waldron for, plaintiff, uodexence. .. A Warning «o cIambbs.— At the Police Court yesterday the owner of a dray was proceeded against for having neglected to nave his name painted on tibe vehiole. He b ated that tbe name had been on fr»r a con eiderable time, ahd tile dra^ was then stand-' ing outside the Court. The magistrates ad journed to inspect the dray, and upon their return the Police Magistrate stated the name appeared to have been on the cart some time, hut it was ntf t what tbe by-law required, inasmuch as tbe letters ebould be of at least aniuch in height, either black on white or white on black, and the pla'e should be on a conspicuous part of the dray, Tbe name Jn question was painted on tbe shaft, ond was xuuoh the same color ss they were. The defendant was fined 2s 6d, without costs. Homcbopathy.— We have received the 22nd annual -report of the Melbourne Homraopathic Hospital. The institution was founded as a dispensary, for out patients in 186% opened, as a hospital for in and out-patients in 1876, and in connec tion therewith 32,441 cases have been treated up to June 30 last. Forthecurrent year the report states :r— Out of a total of 651 patients, admitted to the wards, 417 were suffering from typhoid fever, as against last year's record* when the total trenteu 7' 69°. w'H- 403 typholde to account for. thus iCT tw0 stt.-5e881Te seasons we have given more atten^C this one disease than to all others com bined. The total casualties treated number 166, of these 25 were of eo serious fi nature ae to require admission ; one only was fatal, this being a frac .urp of the skull. The average number of patients to the hospital each day during the year was 4382. In I cases of typhoid fever, ths average number I of days each patient was confined to the hospital was 2235 per cent. This includes periods of convalescing, which in eome oases was protracted. The average number of deaths in connection with the treatment of the typhoid fever was 671 per cent., while the total from all eases was 841 per cent. .The receipts for the year, in cluding £750 -Government gT&nt;, were £4150 5s 6d, and expenditure £3899 163 4d. City Police Coubt. — Messrs. G, W. Waterhouse, P M., and M. E. B Vinson, J.P.i presided at this Court yesterday. An inmate of the Invalid Depot was sentenced to a week's imprisonment for having been : drunk and disorderly in the institution.— A ^ little girl named EU*» Ann Appleby or Hughe?, aged eight years, was Bent to the Industrial School for five years. —One per son was fined 5s and costs for not having registered his dogs.— A man, who pleaded guilty to having allowed a horse to etray in Mu'grave-s treat, was fined 5s and coeta. —A men was charged with not haviog his name painted on a dray belonging to him, and was Aned 2s 6d without costs, as tbe name was not Bumciently canapicuoup. Thomas Lewie, master of tbe ketcb John Lewie, was charged by Mr M. Fletcher, in spector of stock, with having on October 6 landed at Middle Island Iwo1-uKa, without a permit of euch landing being fitut ob tained. Mr W. Martin (Martin and Hob kirk) appeared ^for tbe defendant. Mr Fletcher gave evidence in support of the prosecution. Mr Martin pleaded guilty on behalf of his client, and stated that the latter had acted in ignorance of the law The Bench accepted that view of the ca?e, and Inflicted the minimum penalty of £10 and costs. Mr Martin stated a petition would be eeut to the Governor-in-Council, praying thai the fine should be remitted. Vital SxAttbtios. — The Government Statistician (Mr R. M, Johnston) furnishes an abstract of the number of births and deaths registered during the month of Sep tember, 1890, in tbe country districts of Tasmania, Births, 274, as against 295 for 1889 and 28ft for 1888 Deaths, 84, rs com pared with 76 for 1889 and 65 for 1888. Business Novelties.— We looked in at Messrs. Frank Hart and Son's 'warehouse a few days eince, and although we expected to see a large collection of miscellaneous ware*, we were certainly a little surprised at the enormous stock of fancy goods and novelties. To particularise the stock would be an unnecessary task, and within tbe limit of our space, an impossible one, but from top to bottom of the premises we saw piles of new and saleable goods well worthy of inspection. The firm appear to have extended their relationship with all parte of the world, as at the time of our visit they were lust unnackinir nntfnn* from Yankee Land, fancy glassware from Bohemia, marble ornaments from Italy, and novelties from all parts of the civili&ed; world. Messrs. F. Hart and Bon anticipate a very large trade during this coming summer, and inform us tbey have very 'irge stocks afloat to arrive before Xmas.— -Advt.- Thb Launcbston Exhibition.— Tbe sec retary of tbe Launceston Exhibition has received a letter from Mr H. J. Scott, the Adelaide agent for the Exhibition, in which he states*.— *' With regard to space,! have cancelled all orders. There would have been about 14 exhibitors with enacav*»»ifi.* from 20 to 100ft each— making probablv 1000ft in all— all of wbich is now finally clofied (owing to the strike and the decision to postpone the Exhibition), meanwhile arrangements can be made for a larger dis play, and, if I can manage it, a Government recognition of the Exhibition. I should strongly advise you to get your Govern ment to appoint a Royal Commission, it costs nothing bayood the name, and other Governments will follow suit-perhaps our Government would exceed the £200 in eucli A ficccresFtn, Operation.— A few days ego Mr Amos Atkinson, a popular guardian of the peace resident at Bracknell, in the , T.mvuurj-, true &'imictea as a patient, at the General Hospital, Laun ceston, suffering from an abscess which had formed in the back and had effected his spine. We are glad to h-a- that under the skilful treatment ef Dr. Pardey, the Sur geon-Superintendent , Mr Atkinson is pro gressing much better than was expected, a successful operation having been performed, and that in about six weeks* time he will be in harness again. Fisbop Montgohk&y.; — By the e a Flinders, which arrived from Melbourne yesterday, His Lordship the Bishop of Tas- ! mania, accompanied by Mrs Montgomerv i returned to Tasmania. They have been absent from the colony about three weeks the major portion of which has been«nant in Adelaide, where tbe Bishop took part in the ceremony of laying tbe foundation stone of tbe nave of the new Anelican cathedral. The Bishop was enabled also to welcome tbe new Primate of Svdnev Dp Smith. The Bishop and Mrs Montaomerv' ?.n were d£veo fc0 toe residence of Mr J. C. Ferguson, Patterson-street, and left for the capital by tbe mail train last night. iiui Captives of Babylon' ? This is the Utle of a pretty oratorio by George Bbinn Mas. llac., whirl, win be ronder;d lor tbe first time in Launceston bv the Wesleyan Church Choir on Tuesday wen next. The tenor solos will be taken br that popular vocalist, Mr Miller Frase? and the entertainment, which is in eld of the choir funds, will be under the eon. ductorabip of Mr W. W. Thornthwaita fancy Goods mu Novbltihs. — We have now on sale a splendid arsortment of fancy (joods and novelties. Inspection invited at out show-room, Brisbane-street.— Ilu»E Hast amd Sou. Dbfauliing batepayebs — Those citi '''™° ha.Te to pay their cowent 'ct ™?8elS'' 'id save additional expense, in meeting these demands without farther delay, as a batch of about 70 summonses has been issued against citizens who have neglected to pay their police, Ktnaral. and water rates, whilst a lesser TTr lF.Sa6b-i?rDiKmw] 'S™™' wsMants nf Trmllyn, Newelend, Intennay, aud Lawrence's Paddock for the recovery of the epecial water rate. Dbbatezto Socibty— The annual dinner eft the Launceston Parliamentary Debating Society, which was to have been held next Wednesday evening is to be postponed Until the following (Thursday) eveniug, for Che convenience of A large number of mem bers. Paogbbss op Ex.B0rai0il*.r'Kenslng- ton and Enightabridge (London) are now supplied with the electrifi light by lnei.fr™ j the same way that gas Is supplied to pri vate houses* More than 10 miles of main* are laid down in the prinoipal streets. Bj* an ingenious contrivance the .house jcon nections can be i&ade; without, opening tip the roadways and .interfering with tbe traffic. There are two stations for furnish ing the supply^. .Together they are capable of supplying 60,0001afiip6. Th* F0&0& of IicAoiRASzoir.— A panic which occurred recently among children attending a lai ge public school in the IMedenBtraase, Berlin^ might bare had' serious results. They had become possessed of an idea that tbe sohoolhouse -wAB haunted, and the notion so preyed on the mind of a gifl in the higher school that about noon sue was seitea with hysterics, and ran from tbe room into tbe hall crying out, ' A ghost is choking me— a ghost is choking me.' Alarmed by her cries, which fitted in closely with theu own fears, the whole class followed in her wake. Their frantic behavior in turn frightened the scholars in other rooms, who at once rushed into theiiali, many Using their bands to remove the olasp of Imaginary ghosts round ' their necks. The teachers were powerless to allay tbe panic, and the child ren toppled over one another in their des perate flight downBtairs into the etreet. Thanks to the width of the stairs and otber ample means of exit, they all reached the roadway in safety, though in the crush many of them sustained more or less severe cuts and braises - M'OoaMxex's Rzapbb add Brwcas.— The new machine will be on view at the machinery store off Bell and Co'e rightof way on Saturday next. Fanners are re- ' spectfnliy invited to inspect same before - I buying any other. — Joan Psbqusok and I Co., Brisbane and Charles streets. — [Advt.] \- We are requested by the sanitary officer to 1 oorrc-& an etror which crept into bia balf 1 veady. reporL published in Tuesday's iaeue. I The. return of deaths from omall-pox in both ' 1890, ehoultii read ' Tne. Anstralan&u; Federated School, with Mr S. J. Mitchell as principal, tfffl ba ofMdeu ; in the Primitive Methodist scbool- rodtOf Beacoifefield, on Monday, October 20. Tbe oourae of tuition will be oompreheneive and efficient, and the terms liberal. Messrs. Family and Ststrart, merohant tailors, notify they have received a fine assort ment of coatings, suitings, serges, trousaringe, and hate. Me&erd.; Gastley Bros, notify they are show ing a nice lot of Sou and birthday fancy bon-bons and ooofcetionery, Just landed ex Deoapolis, also cheap lines in general groceries ftnrl m-nolrarv. At Temperance H*ll this evening, enter- 1 tainment will be given, enmpming addresses, rotations, performance ou miniature bells, It will be observed by en advertisement in another part ol this israe that a new buesinest I uodar tne name of the City Oa-h Clothing : Company, has ba?n opened in Chirles -street, 1 with Mr A. Moynahan, late of Criterion House, Brisbane-street, as manager, The premises bave been admirably fitted op, and in the advertisement a few interesting facta and figures are given, wbioh those on the look out for a bargain will Uo well to patuae. 