traveller. A.U Kinds of Ghosts. Monsters and Guardians Invented by Various IJaceB of Men. I havo been in almost overy country in the world, and everywhere I have found people who havo seen and believe in ghoBts. In western countries ghosts aro gonerally harm lees, but in Asia and Afrioa thoy aro of a ghosts is oommon to all aboriginal races of India and China, and tho only meanB em ployed to opposo their ranoor and misohiev ous dispositions is to build shrines for them and to make them offerings. Any severe illness, any epidemio disease, aB Bmall-pox oholera, etc., iB attributed to tho malignanoy of ccrtain of these spirits, who must bo pro pitiated accordingly. In India tho man tiger ib, perhaps, ths most dreaded of all these demon ghoBtB, for when a tiger has killed a man tho tigeif is considered sate from harm, as the spirit of the man rides npon his head and guides' bim olear of dariger. Ac cordingly it is believed that tha only suro mode of destroying a tiger who has killed many people ib to begin by making ollenngB to the spirits ot his viotim, thereby depriving him of their valuable servioes. In China the ghosts most propitiated are ot those who have met a violent and untimely death, whether by design or by aooidont. Even women who die in ohild-bed or wretahes who arc hanged for their primes are believed to have the same power of causing evil to the living as those who have been killed by any other violent aauses, inoluding poison, disease! lightning, eto. All these defiled spirits are often distinguished by eomo term denoting the manner ot thoir death. Thus the ' tiger ghost' is tha ghost of a man killed by a tiger ; tbe ' snake ghost ' the ghoat of a person who was killed by a Bnake. In Africa the 'waddy' and ' lightning' ghosts are the most oommon, but the most dreaded spirit is ttie Sirocco ghost, which -,ia reputed by tho natives an impiaoablo spirit. Most of tho deaeased persons whoso spirits are now worshipped were the anoestors ot some of the abotigineB. The ceremonies observed in propitiating tbe ghoBts oonsist mainly ot tho offerings of fowls, pigs, goats, as well aa pf flewera and fruits, pf the recitation and singing of oertairi prayers add oharma before tho different shrines. Theso oharma or prayers are ad dressed to the defiled ghosts of the dead for tho purpose of compelling the spirits to deteBt froin doing harm or to appear and receive the orders of the performers.. After two or three suooesBlva performances the ghost iB under atopd to be plabated, 