The Murruiubidgce Tax 'Brefdnn. Association.' ''THY' KINGDOM COME." The adjourned do iato on FJonry George's sermon "Ihy Kingdom Como" wns con* eluded at the School of Arts oo Wednesday, 2nd July* Mr VV. C. Hunter oooupiod the chair. Mr. Kobhlewlntf, in opening, said that in this debato a difference of opinion existed hp to what really w>»9 the Kingdom of God. Christ said, " Scok ve Oral the Kiugdom of God.", Jo 'n the Baptist said, " ll ii at hand! It is hero!" So Ghrist etiid always in bis parables and discourses, tho kingdom of Heaven is a present reality. Tho kingdom of God is first within ua a spiritual oxperionco, and thon aud therefore in'the midst of us a social commonwealth. "Thou shalt lore tho Lord with all thy heart, and thy neighbor as thyself," was the organic law of tho kingdom of God. ■ When all men shall perfectly obny that law tho kingdem will hare fully come ; just to tbo ex' ent to which thoy obey it it has come. Obedienco to this law is tho righteous* cess of the kingdom; porfcet obedience is perfect righteousness. Tho kingdom of God has its seat in the thoughts of men, it rules their wishes, their hopes, their purposes, their impulses, and their imaginations. Ono of tho most shining evidencos of tho presence of the kingdom of God in tbo world, is aeen in tho inorease of love as a practical power in human eoaiety. Tho wonderful growth of benevolonco as a sentiment and as a motive, is tho most notable phenomenon of tbo ogo The law that bids us love our neighbor is but imper fectly obeyed, but how much wider is sweep ; of its authority than over before. Compassion, as a sentiment, has wonderfully extended its gracious influenoe, in ministering to tho needs of tho poor, tho outoaste, the orphans, and prisoners. Tbon there are hospitals, and asylums, and homos, where tho feebleness of ago and tho feebleness of infancy find refuge. Dumb animals are protected by vigilant oyea, and tender hearts; what a grand outpouring is all this; of the apirit of compassion in tho minds of men. The truth, " each for all and all for each," nut every man for himself, is the only" basis on which s iciety can rest peaceably and prosperously, i9 slowly gaining entrance into the mindB of men. The world is not a total wreok ; man is not altogether a failure. He helieved that Henry George faad'a commission from God. We all have a commission from God ; and according to our talents and opportunities ought to endeavor to get God's will done in onr business, in the factory, in the shop, in the union, in the councils of our cities, and in the politics of our land. We believe that the Single Tax will aid in bringing about the kingdom—by bridging over the gulf between the very rich and the poor; by doing away with unchecked individualism in land ; by giving every honest and industrious man some property for the furtherance of hiB development; and by bringing about a better social order. Be It then our great commission and glorious aim to eeod home the truth straight into men's* hearts; for the more the men are United by the bond9 of sympathy and good will, the sooner will the day dawn, Mr. Edward Bott taid Henry George differs with me about the Kingdom of God. Mr, Kebblewhito differs with both. Henry George,"asks, ''Has It Gome ?"and answers M No7'~ 'MrV Kebblewhite" says it has come. Henry George says bis land poheme ie to remove all'bitterness arising out of tho evila of land administration, and when accom plished will establish the Kingdom of God, Jeaua did not teaoh the aamo as George, but the'opposite;' when he said to the young man, 11 Who made me a ruler and divider anions you P^; jLuke XIT., 14. *'Tiiy Kingdom Gome" has reference to onr earth j when God's will shall bo done on earth as it is done in heaven, and is the only Kingdom that tho Scriptures know anything abput from Genesis to Revolatious The statement that all men are the children of Grti, 1 will uBk all present to answer for themselves when they look around them in the wo*ld and notice the various characters who inhabit it. God did provide for rnnn when' he oreated him. How did he treat the provision in Eden ? How did the Israelite treat it in the Promised Lan<l ? How have aofc'oalled Christendom treated the provisions provided for them ? How havo they obnynd his,commands! For interpretation of the' Bible, we do not go to the Church of Rome or the Church of England. Tho Church of Home did not exist before tho second cou # The Church at Jerusalem existed before it, . 14 Bless God and die," and 41 Curse God and die," is decided by the Book of Job itBolf in favor of the latter. That is the method adopted by us in understanding the Soripture, We avail ourselves of the trans* lations, and any legitimate means to arrive at the truth. We are not religions fanatics, or bound by any creed, and always ready to yield to truth and discard error. Woaro told there are 180 ohurchoa differing in their interpretation of the Scriptures. We are prepared to disouss this poiut, and show the Scriptures condemn their disunited con dition, We can show that the causo of poverty is very largely (that it among these churches) attributable to a wrong uso of a part of the true worship of God. Which, on the first day of tho week should be carriod out as it woe by tho first Christian. They con tinued steadfastly io the Apostles, doctrine, the fellowship, the breaking of bread, and tho prayor. The fellowship mentioned was for the poor among God'a people. Which was never used to build fine buildings, and to pay enormous salaries, but intended by God for ®upply fo°d and clothing to tho poor saints. ^ Let us look at Spain as one glaring instance to prove what we assert. It is a statement of the annual revenue of the Church of Spain demanded by the Govorn ment. Archbishops of Toledo. £110,000' Seville, £40,000; Santiogo, £32.000; then J6 ranging down to £3000. Total revenue of Archbishops and Bishops, £520.000, Total expenditure for Spanish clergy, £13,660 000; annual expenditure of Spain, • £7.000,000. So that the clergy atone receive £G,G60,000 more than the annual expenditure of Spain over exceeded. _ We are told that Henry George has a commission from God. That he is inspired, I again asBert that no one oan have a commission from God without reeoiving a direot message or getting it from the word of God, this you have failed to prove. We .know what inspiration means in a Scriptural sense. Henry George never possessed thin, ond we again assert that man is a failure, and we prove it by his history in the fall. In his failure to keep possession of the land pro mised to him on bis obedience, and in the state of Christendon at the present time, there is no portion of Scripture whioh states that God commands tho land fanaU not be so d What God did say app|j0d to tho land of Israel, and does DOc apply to any other portjon of the earth's surface. We are told tbat the possession of the earth will be no use i *? ^ ^ou kkat according to the ^ Scriptures, the spiritual body ia as ; tangible and real as our natural body with this difference, tho body wo now possess is dependanf in its vitality to the blood that comes through out veins, whereas the spiritual body depends solely on tho spirit ' of God, and the promise of the future possession of the earth has reference to, not our present condition, whioh under evory trial has proved a failure, but to a now oroa* tion, .when God ehall recreate His ov earth, and people it with those per*rn , scribed in 1st Gal., whioh I h»- r f ■ referred to. The promise b*J -^e already aeeds as if men, but tn- ;u m*d\n.0t l.° Christ/ Jesus hivi- ' wblob.ls 1 heaven and ear'* ^received all power in make know 'l1» Authorises his apostles to tho an* a term of acceptance. And ' ,jstle Paul concluding this chapter, uc ail who are baptised into Christ have beoomo Abraham's seed, and heir according to tbe promise. There ia no ghost story about this, it ib no phantom business, but a atern reality. We are told christauity is a failure, and that Henry Georgo is to succeed where Christ huB failed. I ask, for ib it possible, tbat Christ, possessing the oharaoter he posseFsed (the God man) if be failed, is Henry George likely to suoceed—to xnau like ourselves, clever though he bo, with all tbe imperfections which wo in our present condition are so oonvinc-d of, which has be n productive of failure in every iubtauou — ow ts possible for him (Henry George) to succeed, when Christ, the God mm, ac cording to the opposito party, b *s failod ? No ! Christ has not fuilod, but man is a dead failure. Mr, Norman ;—It seems to be that maoh difficulty would be obviated if we recognised that thip. Kingdom has two aspects to us 'while iu th«* ft»*sh — a spiritual and a material aspect. While it is cleitr'y s«tt forth in tbe Bible that this is u spiritual Kiug'tuui it i* yet to be established in a pfttertal WQrld, £ho Bible addresses itaeU Dot alone lo tbeeoul—the^therial part of our nature, but recognises that these bouIb dwell in bodicB of flesh and blood, wbich must be sustained by the products of the earth. To assert that God's book has no regard for our physical and social necessities and provides only for our spiritual needs betrays an entirely one sided view and cannot be upheli for one moment by any reasonable interpre tation of Scripture. ;;If a sparrow cannot fall without our Heavenly Father's notice, can men of reason possibly believe that millions of human beings may be crushed by uucqual laws, and God in tho Heaven take no notice of it. And yet we are told to night that these things arc outsldo the mission of Christ and His Kingdom. Material and social advancement must of necessity go hand in band with moral and spiritual pro* gress. One is not' complete without the other. The Bible is a progressive revelation and when this two sided progress shall be consummated in the light and by the teach* ing of that Book, then in my opinion will the Kingdom of God be established on the earth. It has been argued that if Henry George's land echemc was to be the means of bringing in this Kingdom we should have' had some special mention of it in the Bible. But, as 1 read Henry George, I clearly under stand bim to claim no more for his land scheme than that it will be an important, factor in the bringing in of the Kingdom. We have no more right to except to find special mention of this in the Bible than of the "Magna Oharta" or the "Habeas Corpus" act. If God's Kingdom is to come on earth it must mean the abolition of iniquitous land laws which exclude so many of our fellow beings from what we believe to be the God-given inheritance of our race, | and the enactment of measures which recog nise the brotherhood of man and the Father* hood of God. Mr. Goode said he was pleased with the spirit in which Mr. Kebblewbito had dealt with the subjeot, and that he had said many things whiob we all could say amen to, but he would doal with the central idea of his speeoh, viz., that when all men oboyed the command that Christ gavo "to love our neighbors as ourselves," that tho kingdom of God would como. Mr. Kobblewhite looked rather too much at tho bright eide, and hence in that respeot differed from Henry George, who had endeavored to show in his writings, and indeed had done so, that the gulf between the riob and the poor was greater to-day than ever, and continually growing wider. If men would love their neighbors as themselves, no doubt, an immense change would be effected, but his (the speaker's) experience was that man, especially in that respect, was a failure; and if the presont law of Christ did not bring about peaco and righteousness on the earth, then it was not to be expeoted that the Siugle Tax would accomplish that end. The fact that benevolent institutions were plentiful and ever on the increase was a proof that poverty also was oh the inorease. If men followed the teachings of Jesus thore would be no need for such institutions He then endeavored to show that man was a failure, and that this present age would clore in a similar manner to all previous ages, in wickedness and rebellion agaiust God. To prove this he quoted from the parables, "the wheat and the tares " and " the net cast into the sea," which he claimed uhowed ♦.bat at the coming of Christ, at tho end of tun age, there would be great wickedness on the oarth. Ho also quoted from Paul, Jude, and John, emphasising John's prediction that at the end of the Christian age, or when Christ should oome, instead of finding peace and righteousness on the earth, man would be oor rapt and in open rebellion against God's laws. Ho did not believe in tho popular idea, that tho Gospel would bring about universal peace and righteousness on this earth. There waB only one remedy, and that was the personal reign and rule of Christ, the King of Kings, on this earth, then, and not till then, would there be universal peace and righteousness. Mr. Cooke and Mr. Rae also spoke. TheChairman expressed the pleasure it gave him of presiding, and hoped he would have the opportunity of listening to muny such debates. A vote of thanks was accorded to Mr. Bott, Mr. Goode, and the chairman. 