MuiTuiubidgee Tax Re form Association. The adjourned dei-ate «u Henry George's sermon, M Thy Kingdom Come" was resumed at tho tichuul of Arts on Wednesday evening Inst. There was a very good attendance of members and others. Mr. W. C. Hunter in tho chair. It was decided that each speaker should he limited to twenty minutes. Mr. Balloran affirmed •' That tho adoption of. the Single Tax would materially aasist in bridging about the Kingdom of Go Ho though George meant that the Kingdom of God was the inauguration of a state of equality on earth, and nob a spiritual kingdom. With the latter we had nothing to ao, as it war unthinkable. He thought this view was in accord with Christian tench ing. The civilization of Christauity had surpassed all others in promoting humnn progress. It had caused people to associate with one another, to cooperate in general advancement, to promote inventions and generally to materially advance ihecoudition of the world. Heathen counties seldom in> vented, neither did slaves. Arguing from this latter fact, it seemed necessary to consider the teachings of Christ in commotion with human progress. They were inseparable The more society progressed towards equality, which Christ taught, the greater was the increase in the progress of humanity, so we must follow Christian teaching in conjunc tion with natural laws and hunnn progress, or we could not follow them at all. As showing the different constructions placed on'Bible reading, 180 sects existed in the United States, each claiming their particular rendering of Bible passages as correct, aud that all the others were wrong. Evidently the safest, nay was .to. take that reading as correct, which accorded with uatural laws. If those, who opposed the proposition he had a£rme1, said that owing to Adim'ssin, we had forfeited all right to land, then their reading of tho Bible must be wrong. Though our first: parents were turned out of the garden of Eden they were allowed to live, so long as they labored. The right to go to the land for a living was not denied them. Thoy (single taxers) only wanted the right to work for a living, to securo that right the land must bo free to all. It had been said of old "Tho land shall not be sold for ever," thus showing that it was made to support all generations of men. * There were two self evident laws- One was that every huniau being had an undouted right to all ho pro duces; the other was .'that each had a right to natural opportunities. f*od had perfect liberty to create us or not, just as Hu ohose, but haviug created us Ho must fiud us the moans to sustain life. ThiB was what made it evident that each had a right to natural (opportunities.- Our; natures show that we require those opportunities. It was impossible for all to obtain tho result of their labor unless they had acoess to land and that was what Henry George taught. The King dom of God meant uniyorsal brothorhood, equality suoh as Cnrist preached. That was the great aim of those who believed in the single tax. Paul had said the kingdom waR within ourselves, porfect peace and good will towards one another, perfect equality The adoption of tho single tax would , make 1 that state of things easier of accomplish menfc. ! 1 : Mr. Bott complained that there was no argument in what Mr. Halloran had said, J . nothing from the Bible which proved that ' Henry George had a commission from God to state that the aoheme which he proposed 1 was to bring about the Kingdom of God. God's kingdom meant, change, transforma tion, and nntil Christ'camo and regenerated men's hedfts'ao laud scheme, though in itself perfectly just, could possibly have any part in the coming Kingdon. The Bible meant a spiritual kingdom, when it told of God's Kingdom. Misconceptions regarding Bible passagaes had been oreattd by men searching the scriptures with a preconceived muLum of their own, which the scriptures were made to bolster up To understand the word of God. all other ideas already formed must be ...cast aside, otherwise a correct understanding '• oould not be arrived at. As to equality, Adam and Bve were equal and perfectly pare, still th<*y fell, and so it would a 1 ways be till the bearls of men were changed by the . Holy Ghost. Selfishness was too ram pant in men to allow equality to make thctri any better. Some had spoken of the broad j' :• path of Christianity; there was no broad ■ ; way at'all, for Christ had said " The way is narrow," and no scheme of man could widen it. According to the scriptures the earth should belong to the righteous after the re 's'nrrection not before. Mr. Cook said he did not think the last speaker wa« as rational, as Henry George, especially when he affirmed that men would •- " 1 only have a common right to the land after the ' resurrection; Of what use was land to spirits? If the land was only given to the ' children of Abraham, it Beemed wrong on God's part to allow anyone else to have '■ children. He could not at all reconcile Mr. Botts soriptural readings with natural laws .The reason Christanity had not in 1900 years ^reformed 'the world, was because Christians .- had cot tried to embody social reforms in { />». their^teaching '{ • ^-Mr.-Goode thought that dospite the social v., " reforms thatwere advocatod, allgovenim-ntB f '. ;,*'ha3 ended in failure, owing to man's inherent «. selfishness, and this age would end in a like manner, George had taken Clirintimiity as ■taught os a standpoint, not as it was really meant. We should go to the Bible carefully 'iin31examinb its truths for ourselves. If the Single .Tax was an important factor'in the bringing of the Kingdom thero should be some-mention of it in the Bible, but there' :. i , was; absolutely nothing advanced by pre • vious speakers which would show that suoh was the case. j , ,.Mr. Huntec said if ho only knew what the Sorijitures really meant ho might pin his . ifaith "'.to theinj but as two really great ''' ' oliurohos differed enormously in their interpretation of-the Bible, lie could not rely on what any sect or individual told him in reference to them. He absolutely re fused to be dictated to by any religious body, or, to have bis reason guided by any man's Jn ' . iterpretation of the Scriptures. He preferred \- ,to use bis own intellect, and that told him ,r: to try and reconcile the teaching of the , i> ; Bible with the great book of nature. From a study of that book, he had a very strong hope that from the alteration of existing unjust conditions such as Henry George pro " " posecfth~e world "would improve wonderfully. He could see no hope at.all of a spiritual re generation such as Sir. Bott prognosticated /The' present generation was as worldly aB any ' ' other and perhaps more bo, therefore, it was fo'.ly to expect Christianity to alter things beneficially.- If Mr. Bott stuck to a certain reading of passages in Sorlpture, he created a deadlock at once, and stopped all arguments. Were not all men God's children? Did hp ; not make them ? If as, he intended to pro vide for them. If land was more evenly dis , tributed, a great advanco would be madr r; ; . towards what he thought was meant by th< .1'. "Kingdom," that was a material advance, not ;a spiritual regeneration. Messrs. Mungan and Mooney spoke in sup port of the affirmative, and Mr. Kebblewbitr moved the adjournment of the debate until i'ii-i: the 2nd July, This was agreed to, and the ■ taeeting closed with the usual vote of tbank to the ohair. 