i«lSCELLANEOUSi?EA!)INGS; • Sa : Wii-TBE -fecorr- said that guilt, Siough it .may-attain temporal splendour^ can never confer leal happiness. The evil consequeiiceS fefc. crime- long survive their commission,:and; like the ghosts of ,tlie the steps vt the ^^foSvVJSM ..paths of virtue, though very seldom those of worldly greatness, are always those of pleasantness and peace. THE JOHNS OP HISTOET.—It is remarkaWe that many of the historical persons who bore this name were unfortunate either in their lives or in their deaths: 'England lias had but a single King John," and he was one of the meanest and cruellest rulets that ever filled'her throne.' Joh nBaliol som etime King of Sc6tland1Was iUEt as poor spirited and contemptible. Of - the twenty-three Pop® John, thrge died in jail; two were murdured^ brie"?was imprisoned -for three years; and one died from the fall of a house. Of the .seyett Emperors of the East .(Constantinople) called John, one was poisoned: another' blinded; a tliird was monarch in name only; und afourth gave up tlie tlirone owing to his worries. Plenty of other instances could be quoted to show that this name,.in connection with royal power, lias been singularly unhappy for many of the wearers of it. EFFHct-oir A WELL-Told TATE ON A CHttb'e SKSstefctitESi—Ifethtag. appeals SO strongly to.Jthe -imagination^lhe senslbUitles, the"m6rai"nature df a child, as a well- told tale. They iiebel against what is commonly called "preaching," but the greatest rebel of them all will yield to the Softening influences-of a tale that carries Os lessons with it. is not tliat enough? But Hie story does more. It broadens their •news, cultivates their finer feelings, destroys selfishnessj teaches them to appreciate their relations -'With others, and pl down the roughjplaces that would fill theft lives with friction. - This much it does to them morally. A young mind must have recreation .as well, as.a- ypung bpdy. -' The , s .^X hrightens and' refreshes it, brushes •away the cobwehs that will gather even at n_tender age,'.imd flts .it to return with new vigour to its more serious wort More than that, it adds to' the qhild's -information by acquointinghim brjier'with certain phases of life, with manners * and- customs that are not taught by mere history. "By all means, then, let the children read stories. IN TH£ f WSSTSETH CENTUS*-.—tii the home, the cooking stove.and kitchen moid are no more. Clothes-miLking, soap-making; starch-making, laundry work, coffee- browning, yeast-making, butter-making—all are gone. Send 4ftef ihBm—or rather say that organised lfldtlstey is already taking along with these—thejremaining work of dotikjil£ and .cleaning.' This state of things is commg_as; fiure its, fate, and when it comes be&eficient; law. The city . of the future will not. build " houses in squares, giving to .every .-house an Individual kitchen and prison-like back yard. It will rather build them all around nn open square, and the part now disfigured with tlie d kitchen will 1)6 given over for a household sitting-room or nursery, opening into a great, green space,, where children shall play in safety through which the free air of heaven shall blow into the houses surrounding it In every square will be foiiita. a scientifically constructed building containing a latindiy and a great kitchen, supplied with evoiy modern appliance for skilled and scientific cookery, and also for sending into every dining-room any desired quantity or variety of food. Tlie individuality of -the home and the home table will be preserved, Slid the kitchen smells and waste and "hired girl" will all he banished. THE BASRWNIAN Hora.—Why are our hours: and thUnites divided into sixty parts? Simply and solely because in Babylon there existed, by tlie side of the decimal system of notation, another system, the 6exagesimaL, which counted by sixties. Why that number should have heeh chosen is clear..enough, and it speaks well for the practical sense af these ancient Babylonian merchants. There is.no number which has 60 many.ditfsqi$ las sixty. The Babylonian •Way. of feckdning time was earned along on. the quiet ^treifll of traditional knowledge through, the middle ages, and, strange to .say, it sailed down -safely over the Niagara of ;the French Revolution.. For the. French, when revolutionising weights, measures, coins and dates, and subjecting all to; Hie . decimal .system of reckoning, were, induced by some unexplained motive to- respect .out .clocks and watches, an allowed our dials to remain sexagesimal— that is, Babylonian, each litjiir cdnsistilig Of sixty minutes. . Here .you see again the wonderful coherence of the world, and how what we call knowledge is the result of an unbroken tradition of a teaching-descending from father, toeon* SiiKry ts CoNstttfeb—Tlie lift,orele* vator, in <5ermtm houses is not displayed ostentatiously. It is behind iron doors, to be detected onlybyinspection, and is moved by clankingcliains. The deliberation of the proceeding is its most distinguishing characteristic. Tou stand in the great'hall of the hotel and silently-await developments. Everybody else has the greatest plenty of time.. Presently,' from tlie unknown interior, into -doors fly open, and a soldierlylooking servant, with brass buttons -on li'is Cap, preoccupied with;liis responsibilities, steps -forth with an air of majesty. Tlie doors clang as they swing, and the lift is there, rather -primitive, but • elaborate in construction. Perhaps there mav be five passengers ready, to get aboard. When four nave taken positions, the master of the devstdr; .waves the fifth backward with the aVKful.air of authority,' and, if the rejected one is au American urgent to go up at once, lie.is, told-peremptorily that there are places " only for four." The iron doors are banged, the engines heave, and the massive machine mores. Safety is consulted! Here is a masterly mechanism that might swing apoir of elephants of the - size of Jumbo, but on attempt to lift at once more than four persons -would be regarded as an affront to the empire, Tlie tiling's impossible. • . . _ CAM; DF tafe FINGER NAIM.—If carefully attended to,.the. delicate half moon of the finger nail Will increase in time, and even where it has been almost obliterated, will grow to . be Very, beautiful. Many people think 'tljat pushing the skin hack from the nail wUl show it more, and by this practice the'.delicate hem, as we call it, which holds the upper and under skins together, Is totally destroyed, and the ends of the ntiggrs have an ugly, yellow growth encircling the,nail instead of. the delicate framework "which nature ifltetidcd. Then the way IniVjilch the flail is cut can totally change the shape of tlie fingers. By cutting tlie nails elose at. the sides and keeping the corners from adhering to the ekin, bangtails can be avoided. Where the nails.are thin arid inclined to break, frequent oiling is-. necessafy, and the nails should never lie polished except when some oily substance is used beside the powder. This-".keeps the . nails more pliable, and no they no more liable'to brea^^ian'ricAer ones. Another -thing that is bad for the nails -is polishing them too roughly, They should lie lightly touched and not rubbed until they bbcome heated. This is one cause of white spots coming on the nail and marring its.beauty, LIFE IN LABUADOH.—Tlie . number o£ stockings worn'by the people is often astounding. Four, fire, and sometimes a half dozen are used inside 'their sealskin boots. There is nothing striking about the dress of the few white women save that they remind one in' the mountain of clothing they bundle upon themselves, of the tremendous skirts of the women of Irish Connemara. But the Indian' jrometi; bf the knith and the Eskimo women." of' the "north lore' wonderfully ap* parellea." Anything they can get their hands/upon- possessing .gorgeous colour is usfed _for^MfktioU.. They. almost -equal American women in this respect Perhaps this is more noticeable "among the women of. the St. I^wrence' poast ; 'than • 'with tlie northern Eskimos. The dress of the latter usually consists; of "huge seal skin boots, petticoats, a seal skin garment covering'tlie whole pereon from the neck to the Imees, trimmed with white fur, a cap enveloping the enfire head, and a sort of baggy cape or hood ;1iiu]g|nj» fajm. t^B'tad^is \mSti their-fat little babies, are 'carried. Only among "the , 'balf-lnieed; -women aiie there forms and faces tliiit are as attrctive as ci^iliied folk judge these tilings.' Thecomatiaii is Iiete, however; fcr neariy all mo women will measure iri iHrth what they vnll in heiglt; and all -forms of fat represent the; Lahradorian iaeft' -of bdai jifilityandleauty. . '• . ji'i. v.:.- * " 