The Man in The Mask ; OK, A Desperate Stratagem. Told by an Ex Detective, Daring four months "The Man in the Mask" was a celebrity in Wincliff and around the place for several miles. He was also a mystery. His existence could not be doubted even by those who had not seen him, because the stories told ci his occasional appearances were bo clear and circumstantial as to be ab solutely convincing. Those who had seen him remembered the meeting with pain. His interviews with the few persons he had chosen to favor with his attention were usually short, ebarp and alarmingly earnest. He demanded all the money, the watch, and any other articlts of value which the person whom he confronted chanced to have in his possession, and the demand was followed by surrender. The terrible alternative was in timated by the barrel of a revolver firmly held, and presented full in the face of the person whose goods were required. The men who had met " The Man in the Mask," and continued their way much poorer in consequenoe, could not describe him. His face was completely covered by a dark grey mask. They could only see he was a big fellow, with a huvch on hie back, mounted on a powerful horse, and that his voice was deep and gruff. The people in Wincliff did not know any man who answered to that im perfect description. His appearance had not been made at any place more than five miles distant from Wincliff, yet to everybody in and around the place the daring robber was a mystery. In no instance had the mysterious Man in the Mask found it necessary to infi'ot bodily injury in order to secure the booty he sought. But the fact that he was a robber who re vived the practices of the highwayman of old was sufficiently disquieting. It might be some chivalrous sentiment that led him to spare the persons and the pockets of men whose all was but a little. He appeared only to those who were reputed rich, and extorted from fear the gold he could not gain by more lawful and honeBt means. He was, there fore, very naturally eet down in the minds of all law-respecting persons as a miscreant whose suppression became an imperative duty. The performance of the duty devolved on me, and I set myself resolutely to the taek of penetrating the mystery that shrouded the Man in the Mask. One evening in February a gentleman named Welham was driving towards Win cliff. His vehicle was a light gig, in which he frequently travelled long distances, and displayed all the good points of the horse that happened to be under his control. A hobby t f his jouth, which did not appear to lose any of its strength though his age was in the fifties, was to drive a good horse, and his ample means enabled him to indulge that expensive taste in ad seasons. Mr. Welbam was driving towards Wincliff, intencng to patronise its well known hostelry, the Roebuck Inn, for the night, and to drive over the twenty-two miles of road that lay between Wincliff and London on the follow iGg morting. The night had fallen suddenly. The sky was clouded, end the horse was pursuing his way at a moderate pace when less than five miles from the intended baiting-place. The traveller web anticipating the light, warmth, and animal comfort for man and beast that wre to be found at the inn, when an event occurred that gave a very different tone and character to bis thoughts. Mr. Welham was approaching a point where a wide, grassy lane opened on the high road. When near that point, a mounted man suddenly emerged from the lane and reined up his horse in the centre of the road as if to bar his progress. Mr. Welham peered into the rider's face as he approached him. It would be more exact to say he looked inquir ingly at that portion of the man between breast and hat, but failed to discover a face. " Stop !" was shouted in a muffled voice. The stranger's arm was extended, and a shining revolver was plainly seen firmly grasped in bis hand, the muzzle of which looked like a round, dull, black eye, staring menacingly into Mr. Welham's face. In an instant the gentleman realised that he was in the presence of the redoubtable Man in the Mask. "Why should I stop? Who are you to give such an order? ' exclaimed Mr. Welham, at the same time, however, pulling up his horse as its head nearly touched that of the animal on which the masked man was mounted. «■ Stop to save your life, if you think it worth savins. II your horse moves a yard I'll stop bim with a bullet, and then have more ready for you. Try me, if you like. You see, I hold your life in my hands; but I don't want your life if I can get your money without it. I am desperate, and I can't waste time. Do what I ask, and you may go on without any hurt; refuse, and the next in stant you will be a dead man, and I will take what I want." It was a deep, hoarse, but terribly earnest voice that came from behind the mask. The words were not spoken in a way that gave j any hint of agitation or passion. The voice was probably disguised, but it was so evenly emitted that the hearer could not doubt the speaker meant to do all he said—even to murder—rather than permit his victim to evade or frustrate him. " What do you want ?" Mr. Welham said, recopniping the necessity for coming to terms with his assailant. " Money, and everything I may turn into money. Quick 1 Your purse, your watch, your jewels. Lay them in my hand—all. Drop the reins. If you attempt to escape or to resist you will force me to murder. Quick ! j — andbewarel" | Tbe Man in the Mask walked his horse to the side of the gig, keeping Mr. Welbam co vered with (he revolver until the muzzle of the weapon nearly touched his ear. The gentleman instantly decided that he mu^t submit to the robbery as the least of two evils bstwoen « hich he compelled to cboope. The property demanded was placed in the robber's left hand. He transferred it to a pocket in the side of the long dark cloak he wore, which completely covered him from the eare to the knee. "You have robbed me of everything,'' Mr. Welbam eaid, hoping the Mi» in the Mask would accept ih*t intimati-n that hia busi ness was completed and permit toe victim to pursue hia way. "Sot yet. Yi/U have s book, or case, that may be fi led with valuable papers." Only a few letters and papers relating to business." 111 want none of them. Bnt bring out your book and open tvery scrap ol the paper before me. Do not try to cheat me, mind." " Cheat /' repeated Mr. WUhatn, particu larly emphasising the word. Ha produced his pocket boob, however, and prooeeded to open each paj ex it con tained, bo that the robber, in the light afforded by the gig-lamp, could discover its character. From sn inner pocket of the book the masked man directed him to draw folded papers, which proved to be three ten pound noteB. It is hardly necessary to add that the robber immediately caused thfm to bo placed in his hand. He direoted Mr, Welbam to secure his other papers. When that was done he forced him to turn his hotte and drive back along the road he had traversed. When he had driven about a mile, he might return; bnt if he attempted to follow the Mask, the consequences would be fatal. Half an honr after his unpleasant adven ture on the road, Mr. Welham arrived at the Roebuck, in WincliS. Hia first care was for hia horse, which was decidedly weary after an unusually long day's journey. When he had Been the animal conveyed to the stable, he entered the inn, was supplied with a draught of brandy and water, and asked the nearest way to the police station. " The police station, air 3 I hope none of the men about our place have been uncivil ? Mr. Hilyard would deal with any incivility pretty sharply, if there's a complaint to be made about any one in the Roebuck," said a man, who appeared to be the actual manager of the establishment,and second in authority to Mr. Hilyard only, who was the landlord of the inn. " No, no; I've nothing to eay against any body at the inn; bat I ha7e business at the station. Is Mr. Hilyard at home ?" " Yep, sir. He was here a few minutes ago. Shall I ring for him Z" " Do, please." The manager summoned Mr. Hilyard, who made his Bppearance after a few seconds. His crisp, fair hair, open countenance, and generally well-fed appearance, told of good health, good living, and good spirits, and conveyed a decidedly pleasing impres- , fiion. | " I want a word with you, landlord." said \ Mr. Welham. ' " At your service, sir. Will yoa step In here ?" said the obliging Boniface, opening a door of stained glass, which admitted to a little room that was used as an office, and was also the "governor's" private room downstairs. Mr. Welham stepped in, and immediately told Mr. Hilyard of his encounter with the Man in the Mask. The landlord was eozry and indignant at the same time. "I've tried all I can to find out the fellow, and I believe the detective office in London is looking after him, but it doesn't seem to be a bit of use. He comes and he goes like a ghost. He's robbed six or seven gentlemen in a few months, but nobody seems able to gueBs where he comes from, nor where he goes to. He's a real nuzzle sir." ' " Well, he has a hundred pounds of mine in money and goods just now. I thought it beet to tell you, because you may put other gentlemen on their guard. I must give information at the police office. Where is it 2" " Only a few minutes' walk. I'll send a man to show you." " Yes; I've loBt too much time already." " The landlord opened his door and spoke to his manager. "Call Brown at once. The Mask is out to-night, it seems. This gentleman was robbed a few miles from here, and wants to lodge information. Brown must go with him to the station." Brown was soon in attendance. The rob bery was reported in the station, the stolen property described, and once more the local authorities were roused to exert their powers for the capture of the Man in the Mask. It happened that the discovery of the rob ber, who committed hia depredations in a style so much like that of highwayen of the Dick Turpin era, was nearer than even the gentleman who had itfered could have hoped. A couple of hours after Mr. Welham'a return from the police station he was in the smoke-room of the inn, when the manager approached him. " Mr. Hilyard wishes to speak to you, if you can spare a minute," he Baid. " I can spare ten minutes if Mr. Hiljard has anything particular to say." «' He will see you in hia private room, if you please. He says the matter is import ant." Mr. Welham went to the little room be fore described, and was much struck by the serious expression of the landlord's face. " You will forgive me, I'm sure, when you know why I disturbed you. A man from the station has been here. He tells me some money has bsen stolen, and that the sov ereigns have a peculiar mark. If any sov ereigns with that mark comes into my hands I am to ask the person who offers it where he got it, so that it may be traced back to the thief. Was there a mark of any kind on the gold you have lost?" " Yes; there were six sovereigns in my puree, and a small w, with a fine line before and after it, were scratched under the head of each," Mr. Welham replied. "That is the mark the policeman de scribed. I see now it was your money he meant. But a thing that troubles me more than I can tell is that I gave a sovereign in change, with just such a mark, not more than a quarter of an hour before I heard of it." " That is astonishing 1 Are you sure the mark was exaotiy like mine t" " Yes. I cannot be quite positive about the lines, but I remember the w distinctly, and I believe there was a little scratch before and after the letter, just as if they were intended to shut it in, like." " Precisely." " I noticed it when my man gave it to me. I had Bent him out in the afternoon to eol lect a few small accounts, and he didn't come back until after you arrived. Then he was drunk. He had got only one pound seven from one of my cuBtomers, and when he paid it in I sent him oil to bed. That marked sovereign was the one he paid me, and I looked at it cioBely at the time. I must get rid of him." "I must Bee him at once, sir. As your man gave you one sovereign bearing my mark ha may have more. He may be the masked robber himself, or he must know where he can be found. I insist on the man's being questioned and searched 1" Mr. Welham exclaimed, excitedly. " It is only natural that you should, sir, and I am willing to aid jon in every way. But, you see, it would be little less than ruin to me if a suspicion got out that a highway robber was one of my servants, and slept in tbis house. We must be able to prove it. Theu I shall help you to punish him. and that will remove all suspicion from the house." " But while ve are talking here the man may escape. For Heaven's Bake drop words and come to action 7" Mr. Welham ex claimed. "He was too far gone in liq-ior to ma'ie any attempt to ejospe before some time in the mornipg. I will eeiid a line to the sta tion asking for two men to be icni hir: directly, or you may Bend the note. When the men are here, we will go to his room and v a en him. Perhaps the eight of policemen wul hrlp us to get the real truth from him," said the landlord. " Very liktly. Bui there is no time to be lost. Give me paper, and I will write." Tre paper waa laid on the table, a~d Mr. Welharn wrote a few wordB requesting the presence of responsible officers at the Eoe buck Inn. Another line intimated that & clue to the identity of the masked robber had been found. A few minntes later a sergeant in plain clothes and a constable in uniform were in the Roebuck. Mr. Hilyard told the sergeant about the marked sovereign he had received, and gave the name of the man to whom he had given it. The latter lived about three miles away. Then the four went to the little back room over an outhouse where the suspected man-ot-all-work Blept. The entry of the whole party did not awake the sleeper. " Search first,'' suggested Mr. We lb am, at the same time seizing a short coat of thick dark serge that had been carelessly thrown on a chair. The landlord seized a vest that lay on the floor and thrust his fingers in the pockcts, finding only a sixpence and thiee pennies, which he at once returned. " There ie nothing here but a pipe, tobacco, and dirt," whispered Mr. Welham, after examining every pocket he could find in the coat. " There's money here, I think," said the eergeant in plain-clothes, speaking in sup pressed tones. He had carefully lifted a pair of trousers that lay upon the bed, and had dra^vn from one of the pockets a little packet wrapped in a piece of newspaper. I On opening this packet it was foand to contain five sovereigns. Mr. Welham and | the plain-clothes man looked at them closely, ; and the marks were plainly discernible under the head of each. The coins were refolded in the paper, and returned to the trousers pocket. Then the ! sergeant seized the sleeper by the shoulder and shook him roughly. He awoke and ' sprang up to a sitting pu&ture; in the bed, when the constable in uniform stepped for ward ready to grapple with the man should he resort to violenoe. " Why—I say—what's the matter 1 What do you all want ?" the man ejaculated, as he became thoroughly awake, and looked from one to another in confusion. "Your master wants to ask you a question. But be careful what you say. I must take notice of every word," said the sergeant. "But what's it all abont ? I'll answer any question Mr. Hilyard wants to ask me. What is it ?" " I want to know what kind of money Mr. Benson gave you this afternoon when he paid his account t" *' You want to know that 7 I think you ought to know when I gave it to you. It was a sovereign, two twc-shillin' pieces, half a crown, an' a Bhillin'. He Baid I might keep the sixpence over for a glass, an' I did." " Did you give me the sovereign you got from Mr. Benson ? You were out all the afternoon, you know, and you came here drank." " No, sir—not drunk. It takes a lot to make me what I call drunk. I'd had a few drinks, I know, 'cause I'd been about a bit, but I knew what I was doin'." " I ask—did you give me the sovereign you got from Mr. Benson ?:| " Do you mean to say I didn't ? I'll swear t did." " Had you any other sovereigns ** No; I don't have many sovereigns about me, except when I'm paid a few lor you." " The sovereign you gave me was marked." " I didn't mark it." " But you have other sovereigns in yonr pocket with the same mark on. How or where did you get them ?" " Sovereigns in my pocket ? How do yen know what's in my pocket? You needn't trouble about my pockets, Mr. Hilyard. If there was twenty sovereigns in my pockets none of 'em 'ud be yours." "I'm sure they're not mine; and there's reaeon to think they should not be yours. Sergeant Lynes searched and found them there." " Searched! Found them !" he exclaimed, his effrontery giving place to alarm. ''Yes; 1 must take you into custody on suspicion of having stolen the money. This gentleman has been robbed, and I have found part of the stolen property in your pocket. You must come with me." Protestations of innocence were loud, vehement, and frenzied, but they could not alter facts, and they were unavailing. Jake Hiscough was conveyed to the police station. The members of the local force were jubilant at the thought that the long-dreaded Man in the Mask had been captured and incarcerated in Winclifi, the central point around which he had moved and committed hia various crimes. A few minutes after Mr. Welham had re ported hia loss to the police authorities in Winoliff, news of the robbery was wired to the headquarters of the detective depart ment in London. As soon as 1 appeared in the office next morning the case was given into my hande. I was invested with power to do all I might think necessary to bring the offender to justice, and I started at once to commence my investigation of a case in which I felt more than ordinary professional interest. I arrived in WiocUS before the prisoner had been taken before the magistrate, and it was there I learned nearly all the particulars 1 have mentioned. In the first place, I was curious to see the roan who had become a criminal celebrity. My first view of him was obtained through the grating in the door of the cell in which he was confined. There was nothing in his appearance to correspond with my precon ceived notion of a desperate highwayman. But we know how deceptive and misleading appearanoe frequently are. The spirit of a devil may be sometimes masked under the outward seeming of a person of more than ordinary virtue. I spoke to Jake Hiscough, and he replied to me with the air of a man whom the discovery of his crime had utterly confoanded. I could not gain from him anything more than repeated assurance of his innocence. When I said the sovereigns in his pocket told a different tale, he merely said: " I know nothing about them sovereigns. The devil must have put them there. I never did. I hadn't even a Bhillin' the last time I remember feelin' for money, an' how five pound came to be in my pocket I don't know. I believe there's some dodge in the whole affair that I can't understand. The gentleman that was robbed or Sergeant Lynes knows more about it than I do. I never robbed anybody in a maBk or out of a mask, an' I wasn't ridin' about the road after dark neither. I can tell every place i was in, an'I swear I never saw that money before I saw it in the sergeant's hand, if swearin' will do me any good. «'Swearing will not Eave you from being committed for trial, or, at least, remanded. I'd help you if I could. If you can tell me where you were, and if others can prove you were not near the place when the gentleman was robbed, that will show that you can't have robbed him. A man can't be in too places at one time, even if he has a fast horse to rido." •'I wasn't on the back of a horse ali yes* terdav." •• A;=ertions without proof are no defence ng n t £.t<rong evidence. The finding of tha njt liey in jour pcckct will require a lot of ex ph ininif." An'I can't explain nothing about that. I don't know how it came there, an' I don't know how long it was ihf-ie ; in fact, ss I said before, I dcn't know anything about it." The prisorer narrcil a few psrsons with whom he ia d ho had been about the time at which the robbery was committed. I made notes of the names and places he mentioned, intending to teat ibe accuracy of his state ments by personal inquiry. Mr. Welham could not set oil on hife drive to London so early as he had intended that morning. He appeared in the court when the prisoner was brought up on the charge of having committed robbery from the persou on the Queen's highway. He asserted that the five sovereigns found in the prisoner's pocket were part of the money of which he had been deprived under threat of death ; but, as the robber was m&eked;, and as be ap peared to be humptneked, he could not say whelhc-r the prisontr was the man. Mr. Hilyard told his story,which wasclesr and circuit stantial. He had gent to tho gtntleman to whom he gave the sovereign in change^ but had not yet heard from him. The landlord's stat' ment left little doubt ad to tbe prisoner's <ruiit. Sergeant L.vnc-s de posed to finding tiie money. The piisoner, when questioned, said he was not near tbe scene of the crime when the lobtc-ry was committed. He could prove that by calling witnesses, and he would swear he did r.ot know anything • about the money found in his pocket. Alter hearing all, the magis trate agreed to remand ;lie prisoner for three days, during which ili6 most searching inquiry should be made. fcjoon as the prisoner was removed from the dock, I arranged with the police authori ties for an immediate and rigorous search of the room be h&df.ltpt; in at the Roebuck Inn. Without appearing to take a prominent part in the business, I accompanied tbe tearctieia and superintended their proceedings. Mr. Hilyard afforded us facility to visit the places in which the prisoner was principally employed ; but a very thorough search failed to discover any other particle of the stolen property, or auy article of attire corre sponding to the description Mr. 'Welham Lad given. While in the yard of ilia inn I asked tbe ostler whether Jake Hiscough had taken out a horse the preceding evening, and learned that he had not. Mr. Ililyard had ridden out lor about an hour in the evening to call on a gentleman who lived a few miles away, but he handed the horse to the ostler again about half an hour after dark. I then went in search of tbe persons whose names I had jotted down. I spoke about the trial and tbe charge, end what I learned from Jake's friends corroborated what be had told me, "lean swear, an' so can others, Jake never left the Grey Goose from about half past three till nearly six o'clock. We were playin' quoits till it got dark, an' then we turned into the par.or an' played dominoes till Jake went home. He was a bit 'fresh,' but not more so than I was. He might 'ave called somewhere else on the way—I dar'say he wouldn't pass the Nelson without callin' I in for a glass—but it was a long time a iter dark when he left me. lie's not a likely sort to be taken for the Man i' the Mask." Before sight I had learned enough to satisfy me that Jake could not have com mitted the robbery. But how was the presence of the coins in his pocket to be accounted for ? And how did it happen that only the marked money should ba found :n his possession, while thirty pounds in notes, a goid watch and chain, and two diamond rings had utterly disap peared. I thought over all I had learned long and earnestly. I put the diiferent little items of knowledge together, as it is my habit to do, and tried to get a certain clear idea out of all. Before I slept that night, I was fully certain of two things. One was that Jake Hisoough was not the robber, though some of the booty was found in his pocket; tha other was that Jake had met the real Man in the Mask, and I could find him. As early as possible next morning, I waited on a magistrate, and sent word that I wanted a few words on important business. Ha gave me an interview at once. I told him my businest in Wiacbfl, and then laid before him the theory 1 had formed the night before. I cannot de scribe his astonishment as I proceeded, and I believe he thought as 1 did at last. I went from his house with a search warrant in my pocket. Th(n I went to the police cilice to complete arrangements for the step I intended to take. The landlord of the roebuck Inn was partaking of his rather late breakfast when I, two police sergeants, and four men entered his hostelry on serious business. His ruddy complexion faded to an ashy paleness when I told him I held a warrant empowering me to search his house for stolen goods, Recovering from the stun ning efiect of the intelligence, he made a step toward me as if he would kill me, but two of the men following instructions pre viously given, stepped before him. "We have to do our duty, Mr. Hil yard, and I hope you'll not make it more unpleasant. We must search your rooms even if we have to overcome opposi tion." " Caged !—caught 1 Six men to one!" he hissed, glaring at the men he re garded as enemies with an expression of faoe that was wholly suggestive of mur der. " I'll go up with you," he added, suddenly, as if speaking on some impulse. " No, sir. You would not aesist us. I will leave three men here to prevent you from following us," said the sergeant—after which announcement Mr. Hilyard sank, esemingly powerless, in a chair. Our progress was no longer impeded. We went to Mr. Hilyard's bedroom, and in a small box on the dressing table found the gold watch, the diamond rings, and the notes which Mr. Welham had IoEt. In another box, fastened with a padlock, wa found a tightly-folded parcel, which, on being opened, was found to contain some of the properties used in the "make-up" of the Man in the Mask. There was the long, dark cloak, with a bundle of glass cloths sewn on the inside between the shoulders to simulate a hump when worn. Within that was a dark hat of soft felt, to the inner edge of the rim of which and extending half around it, was firmly tacked a piece of stiff pasteboard, with two round perforations about two-thirds of its length from the bottom. It was dark drab in color, and that was the mask which had so long shielded the robber from recog nition. Arrest of Mr. Hilyard immediately fol lowed these discoveries. At his subsequent trial he confessed that he had placed tho marked money in Jake IliscuUgh's pocktli while he slept. Soon as he returned after the robbery he bad given one of the stolen sovereigns to a gentleman in change. Ha afterwards learned that the gold was marked, and feared it might be traced to him. To turn suspicion from himself he invented the scheme we have described. But cunning and unscrupulous wrong did not prevent the judge from condemning to penal servitude for ten years the cnce mysterious "Man in tub MiiK." 