"YV YOU VIUtE OT ME?" An Ocean Tragedy, BY W. CLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER XVIII. IS SHE THIE "SHARK?" IT was not to prove a gale, though it would have been hard to guess what lay behind that dirty jumble of white and livid terraces which had been stealthily creeping all the morning zenithwards. The clouds scattered to the rush of the wind, the sun with a brightened disk leapt from one flying vaporous edge to another, dazzling out the snows of the dissolving seas till the eye reeled from the glare of the brilliant foam and the sharp and lovely sparkle of the pure dark blue between. Indeed, before long the wind steadied down into a noble sailing breeze with a piebald sky of warm and cheerful weather steadily swinging into the south east, as though the whole heaven revolved from one quarter to another like a pano rama on a cylinder. Wilfrid looked his wishes, but said nothing. He hung apart in a fashion that was the same as telling me to keep off, nor had lie anything to say to Miss Jennings. Finn easily inter preting his master's face, piled cloths on the yacht till it seemed as though another rag would blow the whole lofty white fabric of canvas, tapering spari, and rig ging clean over the bows. We fled along in thunder, and to every curtsy of the vessel's head the water recoiled in a roar of spume as far as the jibboom end, to speed aft as fast, you would have thought, as the eye could follow it, the swell wash- 1 ing to the counter as if to help her. We held on in this way for some time, when suddenly Wilfrid, who had come to a stand at the weather rail and was looking I ahead, bawled with the note of a shriek in his voice, "Look I" and out sprang his long arm pointing directly on a line with our bowsprit. "Ay, there she is, sure enough 1" cried I, as I caught sight, to a floating lift of 1 the deck at that moment, of the pearlish I gleam of canvas of a milky brilliance slanting past the soft whiteness of a head t of sea against the marble look of the sky i there, where the sun- touched clouds were I going down to the occan edge in a crowd with a vein of violet here and there amongst them. I glanced at Wilfrid, not i knowing what sort of mood this first glimpse of the yacht would put into him, but there was no alteration of face. His countenance had set into an iron hard ex- I pression ; mnethougliht resolution could t never show more grimly stubborn. Miss I Jennings came to the side to look. "There is little to be seen as yet," said T to her, "but we shall be heaving her hull up very soon. She is taking it quietly." Finn stood near; I took his glass from t him and levelled it. " Why, 'tis merely ambling with her, captain," said I; "gaff topsails down and no hint of squaresail I that I can make out. The cloud we are a making astern should puzzle her. D'ye t think Captain Fidler will recognise this vessel ?" 1 "Why, yes, sir; bound to it," he an- a swered; "we aren't like the Shark, you n know ; our figure-head alone is as good as naming us. Then our sliheer of bow 'ud f: sarve like a sign-post to Fidler. Back t this by our square rig and he'd have to ha' fallen dark to mistake," meaning by It dark, blind. a " is the Shark to be as easily recog, r nised?" asked Miss Jennings, who stood p close by me, occasionally layming her hand te upon my arm to steady herself and put ting the other to her lips to speak, for the a breeze rang with a scream in it at times over the rail in a manner to sweep the a words out of her mouth as though her t] syllables were the smoke of a cigarette. Finn shook his long head a "Lay me close aboard, miss," said he, a :' and I'll tell you the Shark from another craft; but there's nothen distinct about a her as there is with us. She's black with- n out gilt like a great many others, of a slaving pattern, long, low, without spring t] forrads or aft, with apple sides like others again. But," said he after a pause, during b which he had taken a look through his telescope at the glistening fragment hover- o ing like a butterfly over the bow, "though Is I don't want to say too much, sir, 1'd be u willing to lay down a good bit of money n on the chance of yonder chap proving the .Shark. Time, place, all sarcumstances si spoint her out." b "True," said I; "but there are many II ,hooners afloat." o. "Ay, sir; but such a coincidence as tl that, your honour," said lie pointing, i "sits to far on the werge of what's likely w to fit it to sarve as part of a man's it reckonings." cm "I agree with Captain Fiim," said Miss sa Laura ; "besides, 1 feel here that it is the ir vessel we are pursuing." She laid her fi. hand upon her bosom and turned to cross s the deck where her chair was. sl I assisted her to her seat with a peep tl out of the corner of my eyes at Wilfrid, cl but there was no encouragement in his face; so, posting myself forward of the w companion for the shelter of it, I lighted a cigar and puffed away in silence till the fo lunc-heon bell rang. Wilfrid did not come re to table. When I returned on deck after 'u lingering nearly an hour below, partly i with thIe wish 5o put some heart into le Miass Jennings, who was pitifully dejected fa :amd nervous, and partly because I had had i n a kung spell in tie open air and guessed cl that for some time yet there would be I' little enough of the schooner showing to su bh worth looking at-I say when I re- on tlurned I found mny cousin at thie rail with wl his arms tigl.tly clasped on lsin breast ce .taring fixedly ahead, with a face grim, of iideed, with the scowling contraction of lii •he brows, but as collected in the deter- as p'iined severity of it as can be imagined. br In fact, the sight of the schooner ahead Si had gathered all his faculties and wander ing fancies and imaginations into a bunch, so to speak, and his mind as you saw it in his eyes, in the set of his lips, in the resolved and contained posture of his body, was as steady as that of the sanest man aboard us. It was without wonder, however, that I perceived we had risen the yacht to the line of her rail, when I noticed that she still kept under short it canvas whilst tile Bride was bursting iy through the surges to the impulse now id even of the lower studdingsail. 1 took ly Finn's glass from him and made out a s. very handsome schooner, loftily sparred re with an immense head to her mainsail, ik the boom of which hung far over her to quarter, whilst she swang in graceful to floating loapings from hollow to ridgo with to the round of her stern lifting black and p flashing off each melting brow that under eo ran her. We had, indeed, come up with Ad her hand over hand, but then it would be re almost the worst point of sailing for a a1 fore-and-aft vessel, whilst we were carry 1- ing in our square rig alone pretty nearly d the same surface of canvas that she had \- abroad. She was too far off as yet, even is with the aid of the glass, to distinguish rt her people. g "What do you think, Finn, naow ?" ,o said I, turning to him. He stood close r- beside me with his long face working with n anxiety, and straining his sight till I ar thought he would shoot his eyes out of o their sockets. "If she ain't the Shark," said he, g "she's the Flying Dutchman. I had but a one doubt. Yonder craft's boats are ,r white, and nmy notion, but I couldn't o swear to him, was that the Shark's boats were blue. . 've been forrards amongst the men, a few of whom are acquainted with Lord Winterton's yacht, and one of 'em says her boats was blue, whilst a th'others are willing to bet their lives that g they are white." k "But the cut of her as she shows yonder g proves her the Slhark, you think 7" e "I do, sir," lihe answered emphatically. "Well," said I, fetching a deep breath, I "after this hang me if I don't burn my f book and agree with your mate, old Jacob h Crimp, to believe in ghosts." a I levelled the glass again and uttered an I exclamation as I got the lenses to bear y upon her. "By thunder, Finn! yes, a they look to have the scent of us now. l See I there goes her gaff topsail I " e Wilfrid caught my words. "What are t they doing ? " lie roared, bursting out in a t imad way from his rapt iron-like silence, , "making sail, d'ye say?" and lie camne a running up to us with an odd thrusting \- forward of his head as though straining to I determine what was scarce more than a a blur to his short sight. He snatched the glass from my hand. "Yes," he shouted, I "and there goes her squaresail. By r every saint, Finn, there's an end of my t doubts," and he closed the glass with a ringing of the tubes as he telescoped them a that would have made you think the thing was in pieces in his hands. f "Shall I signal her to heave to, your 1 honour ?" exclaimed Finn, speaking with ra doubtful eye as if measuring the dis s tance. " Ay, at once," cried Wilfrid, "but " lie cast a look at the gaff end-" she'll not see your colours there," pointing vehe mently. "I'll run 'em up at the fore, Sir Wil frid ; they'll blow out plain there with the t'gallant halliards let go." "Do as you will, only you must make her know my meaning," cried my cousin, and he went with an impetuous stride right aft and resumed his former sentinel posture. Miss Jennings came timidly up to me. "She is the Shark, then ? " she said in a low voice. "All who know her are agreed, Finn says, saving here and there a doubt about the colour of her boats," 1 answered. She had a sailor's eye for sea effects, and instantly noticed that the schooner ahead had broadened her show of canvas. "Do they suspect who we are?" she exclaimed, talking as though sheo were musing. "No doubt the Bride is recognised, and they will run away if they can. She looked at Wilfrid. "I do not like to speak to him," she exclaimed. " He's killing Hope-Kennedy over and over again," said I ; "his wife is before him, too, and he is haranguing her. Bless us, what a wonderful thing human imagi nation is I " Up went the signal flags forward in a string of balls, a man tugged, the bunting broke and streamed out in its variety of : lustrous colours, every flag stiff as a sheet i of horn handpainted, with tile light of c the sky past it showing through. I caught myself breathing short and hard whilst I waiting for what was to follow this sum- I mona to the running craft. We had been c crushing through it after her with the i speed of a steamer, and, supposing her c indeed to be the Shark, had lhterally veri- t fled Wilfrid's boast that the Bride could 1 sail two feet to her one. But now that s she had broadened her wings there was a s threat of considerable tediousness in the i chase. "Do you suppose they have made out i what yacht we are ?" I asked Finn. t "Likely as not, sir. I shall think so a for sartin if they don't shorten sail on a reading that bunting up there. A stranger I 'ud be willing enough to speak us. I Whiy not? 'Tis understandable that Fid- t ler should have kept his rags small in the i face of the muck that was crawling in the t nor'rad this morning. lHe's got nothen to chase, and was always a careful man, so I I've heard, and I tell ye, sir," said hlie in a I subdued way, speaking with hIis eyes fixed on Miss Jennings, who stood close with a r white face, "that tile sight of his easy c canvas is almost thIe same to me as seeing ii of her ladyship a sitting there," levelling n his hairy finger at thIe yacht, "for, fond n as she was of tile water, let anything of a t breezo conme and sho was always for having s Sir Wilfrid reduce sail." He put the r glass to his eye as he spoke. "HLillo! " he exclaimed in an instant, "they're hoisting a colour. There it goes-there it blows. Oh my precious eyes What is it? what is it??he rumbled, talking to himself and working into the glass as though he would drive an eye clean through it. "Why, Mr. Monson," he bawled, " I'm Field Marshal the Duke o' Wellington, sir, if she han't hoisted Dutch colours." I snatched the glass from his hand, and sure enough made out the Batavian hori zontal tri-colour streaming from the peak signal halliards like a fragment of rainbow against the lustrous curve of the main sail. "Wilfrid," I shouted, addressing him as he stood right aft, Miss Laura and I and the skipper being grouped a little for ward of the main rigging, "they've hoisted Dutch colours. She's a Hollander, not the Sharkl" and I fetched something like a breath of relief, for it was a condition of suspense that you wanted to see and end to one fashion or another as quickly as possible. He approached us slowly, took the glass from my hand in silence and after a steady inspection turned to Finn. sr- "She's the Shark," he said, with a h, fierce snap in his manner that was like in letting fly a pistol at the skipper. he "Your honour thinks so? its "Don't you ?" sat "Them Dutch colours, Sir Wilfrid- " ir, "A device, a trick I What could con en firm one's suspicion more than yonder 1 display of a foreign ensign? She's the ,rt Shark, I tell you, and that colour's a ag stratagem. What do you say, Charles?" rw "I'm blest if I know what to think," 3k said I. "If she's the Shark, why has she a taken it so leisurely, only just now setting ad her squaresail and gaff topsail though we il, have been in sight for a long time, crowd er ing down upon her under a press that ul should awhile since have excited their sus th picions? No need for them to hoist id Dutch colours. If Fidler thinks he is r- chased, why don't lie haul his wind instead ;h of keeping that fore-and-aft concern almost 0e dead before it, as if he didn't know on a which side to carry his main boom ?" "- "She's the Shark!" thundered Wilfrid, ly "the flag she is flying is a lie. Finn," he d cried in a voice so savagely imperious, so n confoundedly menacing, that I saw Miss h Laura shrink, whilst the poor skipper gave a hop as though he had touched something red-hot; " are we overhauling so that vessel I " hi "Yes, Sir Wilfrid." I "How long will it take us to come )f within gunshot of her ?" Finn scratched the back of his head. 3, "Mr. MIonson, sir," said lie, addressing it me, "that gun 'ull throw about three e quarters of a mile, I allow." 't " Call it a mile," said I. is My cousin, with his nostrils distended it to the widest, his respiration hysteric, his d whole body on the move, and with that if raised look in his face I have formerly it described, stared at Finn as though he it would slay him with his gaze. The skip. per scratched the back of his head again. "Well, your honour, if yon schooner holds as she is and this here breeze don't take off, we ought to be within gunshot," 1 here he produced a silver watch of the i y size and shape of an apple, "in three i b hours' time, making it about half-past five." n " How far is she distant now ?" r "Betwixt three and four mile, Sir t ;, Wilfrid." "Get your gun ready." "A blank shot, your honour ?" " A blank devil and be damned to you. I a Load with ball. Who's your gunnmer?" 1 ", We shall have to manage amongst us, 1 e Sir Wilfrid," turning a face of alarm upon i g me. Io was about to remonstrate, but there F a was an expression in the eye that my i a cousin bent on me at that instant that I 1, caused me to take Miss Jennings' hand as y an invitation to her to cross the deck and 1 y walk. a "Charles," said he, "you told me that n you knew something about gunnery. Will c g you handle that weapon yonder for me ?" "Wilf, it is madness," said I. Whatl t r plump. a shot into a craft that may not h be the vessel you want I or, which in my opinion is just as bad, fire at with a chance c of sinking a yacht with a lady aboard- % \- that lady your wife-the woman whom 1 t you have embarked on this extraordinary s \- adventure to rescue?" My blood rose with my words. I dared a I- not trust myself to reason with him. It e crossed the deck with Miss Laura, and a when we faced round I spied Wilfrid v e marching forwards with Finn, and pre- o sently he was by the side of the gun r e gesticulating vehemently to a body of I 1 seamen who had collected round the t p piece. a Our signals were kept flying at the fore, a whilst with the naked eye one could behold the minute spot of colour steadfast at the a a schooner's peak. Onwards she held her I t course, swarming steadily forward in long gliding curtayings over each frothing surge b that chased her, a most shapely anc beau r tiful figure with a long flash of her low n black wet side coming off the line of foam o a like a lift of dull sunshine, whilst on high a soared the stretches of her sails with some- h thing of the airiness of a dragon- fly's wing I 1 in the milk-white softness of their spaces against tihe cloudy distance beyond. The I Stime passed, Wilfrid remained forward. a He stood upon one of the anchors swaying a i with folded arms to the movement of the b yacht, stiff as a handspike, hIis face fixedly a directed at the schooner ahead. The sailors hung about, chewing hard, spitting I& much, saying things to one another past p the hairy backs of their hands; here and .f there a whiskered face looking stupid with Is a sort of dull wonder that was like an inaneo smile; but the fact is, from Cutbill S down to the youngest hand all the seamen were puzzled, excited and uneasy. The la state of my cousin's mind alshowed plainly tc to the least penetrating of those nautical eyes. No mnan amongst them could ti imagine what wild directions would be de delivered, and though I made no doubt the gun would be let fly when the order to fire was given, I was pretty sure that should it come to a command to board the schooner by force thle men would decline. lii Sometimes Finn was forward, fluttering near Wilfrid, sometimes aft, restlessly gl inspecting the compass or going feverishly ca to the side and looking over, when again cr and again I would hear him say in a voice re as harsh as the sound of a carpenter's planie: "Glory, gloryl blow, my sweet su breeze, blow i" manifestly unconscious in that hlie spoke aloud, but evidently obtain- nc ing some case of mind from the ejacula- lo tion. em Thie sun went floating down westwards, the breeze shifted a point or two towards himi and then slackened, though it con tinued to blow a fine sailing wind with a regular sea that had long before lost the af early snappish and worrying hurl put into eg it by the first of theo dark blast. Slowly - we had been gaining upon the chase; go minute after minute 1 had been expecting to see her put her holm down, flatten hlier to sheets, and go staggering away into thie cI reddening waters weltering and washing he I" to the sky under the descending sun, on re what she might know to be some best point it of sailing. She kept hersquaresail spread is and the Dutch flag hoisted, and swung to stubbornly ahead of us, making nothing as of our signals, which still continued to hn fly. Through Finn's glass I could dis ho tinguish the figures of a few seamen o' forward and a couple of men pacing the ch weather-side of the quarterdeck. Now and again a head would show at the rail rd as though watching us, but the suggestion ri-I seemed to find in the general posture k- and air aboard the vessel was that of in nw difference, as though, in fact, we had long n- ago exhausted curiosity, and had been quitted as a spectacle for inboard jobs and sm the routine of such life as was led there. I Is she the Shark?" I said to Finn. r- "If she isn't," said he, "my eyes ain't Dd mates, sir. It is but a question of the ot colour of the quarter-boats." ko "I see no name on the counter." of "No, sir, the Shark has no name painted d on her." as "She's steered bya wheel," said I. "So is the Shark,.sir." as "What do the men forward who know ly the Shark think now?" I asked. "Two of 'em say that it ain't her; the a rest that it is. But ne'er a man aboard to has that knowledge of her that 'ud give him conscience enough to take an oath upon it. Glory, glory, there she walks I By the piper that played afore Moses in the woods, your honour, 'twill be the a- fairest sunrise that ever I see that lights ir up the end of this dammed moess, begging ie your pardon, Mr. Monson, and yours, a miss, I'm sure. Fact is, I feel all of a work inside me, like a brig's boom in a ca nlm." 1e "I am unable to hold the glass steady," ig said Miss Laura. "Mr. Monson, I see ro no signs of a lady on board. Do you, 1- Captain Finn?" it "Not so much as the twinkle of a hinch s- of petticoat, miss; but if her ladyship's it there, of course she'd keep below." is "You know Captain Fidler," said I. d " Very well, sir." st "There are two figures walkin, that n quarter-deck. Is one of them e l? "It's too fur off, sir. I've been look i, ing and looking, but it's too fur off, ie I say, sir. Mind I" he suddenly roared, "o " they're a-going to fire," and he rolled is hurriedly forwards. sr A moment or two after, crash I went d the gun. The blast broke in a dead shock g upon the ear, and the smoke blew away over the leo-bow as red with the tinctur ing of the sun as a veil of vapour at the o edge of the crimson moon. Miss Jen nings shrieked. A long yearning gush of I. sea catching the Bride fair on the quarter g swung her for a breath or two so as to hide the schooner, then to her next yaw with Wilfrid still on the anchor bending forward in impetuous headlong pose and d two or three sailors handling the gun and s a crowd of men in the head staring their t hardest, the chase swept into view afresh. y "Hal" I shouted, " she's heaving to." S " Oh, Mr. Monson I " cried Miss Jon nings, clasping her hands. Instantly Finn fell to thundering out r orders. "In stun'sails I clew up the t t'garnsail I down squares'l ; down gaff " tops'l " Twenty such directions vol e leyed from him ; in a trice the docks of e the Bride were as busy as an anthill ; canvas rattled like musketry as it was hauled down ; the strains of Cutbill's , whistle shrilled high above the voices of 1 r the men, and a true ocean meaning came. 1 rolling into the commotion and clamour from the yeasty seething over the side, the singing of the wind past the ear, and i the frisky motions of the yacht as she i brought the sea on her bow heading, to 1 Finns yell to the man at the helm, to ] a range to windward of the schooner that 1 was now fast coming round with her c a squaresail descending, her main tack ] y hoisting and her topsail withering with E t her head to the west. a Distance is mightily deceptive at sea. 1 I How far off the schooner was when they E let drive at her from our forecastle I could ] t not say. She was probably out of range; I at all events, she showed no damage as she camne rounding to, away down upon the ] I throbbing blue which had softened much ] t within the hour, with a bronze gleam of I y sheathing, as she heeled over ore her s canvas broke shivering in the eye of the \- wind, that wonderfully heightened the a n beauty of the long, low, black, most I shapely hull, and the bland and elegant fabric of bright spar and radiant cloths I I shining white yet through the faint claret [ tinge in the atmosphere. Wilfrid came a I slowly aft, constantly looking at her as he c 1 walked. Under reduced canvas we swept a down leisurely, sliding lightly upon the t i run of the surge that was now on the f beam. I examined her carefully through s the glass whilst Miss Laura stood by my c side asking questions. a " Is she the Shark ? " " She may be. But such of her crew ii as I make out don't look to me to be I English." t • "Can you distinguish any women on a board ?" " Nothing approaching a woman. They r mean to board us. They have a fine boat a i of a whaling pattern hanging to leeward, q and there are sailors preparing to lower c her. They are not Englishmen, I swear. ti I see a large fat man delivering orders apparently with sluggish gesticulations, which strike me as distinctly Dutch. How a about her figure-head 1" 1 continued, C and I brought the glass to bear on the bows of the schooner. " Ha I " I cried, and looked round. Wilfrid was watching the schooner right sI aft, where he had stood during the greater part of the chase, his arms folded as be- si fore, the same iron-hard expression on o his countenance. I called to hinm. v "What is the figure - head of the ri Shark?" He started, and answered, "I don't tl know. Ask Finn," and so saying walked if towards us. The skipper was giving some instruc- e tions to Crinlp on the other side of the deck. "Captain Finn," I called, "Sir." d "What's the Shark's figure-head?" cc "A gold ball in a cup shaped like a lily, your honour." "Then, Wilfrid," I cried, shoving the sc glass into his hands, "your pursuit must carry you further afield yet, for that a craft's figure-head is a white effigy, appa- se rently a woman's head." His manner to the sudden, desperate pl surging of tho disappointment in hIim fell in a breath into the old form of the crazi- m ness of his moods of excitement. He cc looked through the glass, and then roared out "Filn." v The skipper camo bundling over to us. a "That vessel is not the Shark." "I've been afeared not, sir, I've been pe afeared not," said Finn. "Like as two to eggs end on; but now siho's drawed out th \-- tain't only tllhe figure-head. She han't fes got the Shark's length of bowsprit." six Wilfrid dashed the telescope down on cn to the deck. ".A fool's chaso I" hie ex- de claimed, scarcely intelligiblo for the way yo he spoken with his teoth set. "Heavenly l in God, what a disappointment I But it it should have been Monday, it should have Ad been Monday," and his gaze went into a ig scowling, wandering way from us to the ig schooner. o " I suppose you know," said I to Finn, s- "that they're standing by to lower a boat n when we shall have comne to a stand " t "Ay, sir, I know it," exclaimed Finn, w who had picked up his telescope and was il feeling over it in a nervous, broken-dowxi n manner as though he feared it was injured, V but durst not look to make sure while I W- Wilfrid stood nigh. " I shall heave to to g looard for their convenience," and with n that he walked aft to the wheel. d Wilfrid looked crushed with something absolutely lifeless in the dull leaden blank of his eyes. It was perhaps fortunate 't for us, if not for him, that this sudden e prodigious blow of disappointment should i have completed the sense of physical and mental exhaustion which inevitably atten d ded the war of emotions that had been going on all day in his weak mind, other- i wise heaven alone knows what miserable and painful display might have followed w this failure of his expectations. I was much affected by his manner, and en- s o deavoured to console him, but lie motioned i d me to silence with a gesture of the hand, i e and seated himself on the skylight, where I h lie remained with his arms folded and his r 1 eyes fixed on the deck, apparently hoedingl n nothing that passed around him. e "He'll rally after a little," said I to I :s Miss Laura, who furtively watched him t g with eyes sad with the shadow of tears. " It ought to have been the Shairk, Mfr. I a Monson," she exclaimed in a low voice. a " My cowardly heart all day has been E praying otherwise ; and now I would give ten years of my life that my sister were I e there-for his sake, for mine, and for 3 1, yours too, that this wretched voyage of expectation and mistakes and superstitions h -oh, and I do not know what else," she I s added with a little toss of her arms like a c wringing of her hands, " might come to t an end.' The sailors forward were eyeing the t vessel steadily as we approached her. By this time all hands were aware of the blunder that had been made, and one I r, seemed to see a kind of suspense in the e posture of the fellows, with a half grin in I it, too, as though 'twas an incident to be t as much laughed at as wondered at. The c t breeze continued to slacken, the seas were t c momentarily losing weight as they rolled, a y the gushing of the western crimson floated ti in the air like a delicate red smoke, with ti o a heap of flamo-coloured clouds resting s \- broodingly upon the southern confines c f and the now moon over the sun, a wonder r for the bright sharpness of its curve in such a hectic as she stood in. We ran v down, and hove to within easy hailing distance to leeward of the schooner, but it I was plain that Mynheer had no notion of 1 talking to us from over his rail. His fine t r large boat hung manned at the davits as it we rounded to, with a gang of fellows at f either fall, and no sooner was our way s arrested than down slowly sank the six- v oared fabric. The oars sparkled in the p t red light, and away she came for us. p " Charles," called my cousin from the a f skylight. I went to him. "I'm too ill n to be worried," said lie ; " represent me, o dear boy, will you? Get us out of this h mess as best you can, and as quickly." t] He spoke faintly, and slightly staggered a after he had risen. Miss Jennings, seeing o this, took his arm, and together they went a I. below. ci I stood at the gangway along with friend u Finn. Twas a ludicrous position to be o ill, and what excuses to nmake I knew not, ti unless it was to come to my explaining Si the full motive and meaning of our ox- al podition- a sort of candour I did not like a the idea of. In the stern- sheets of the io approaching boat' was the large fat man of 1 had previously taken notice of in the u schooner s quarter-deck. His face was as round as the moon, with a smudge of di bristly yellow moustache under a bottle- fc shaped nose; his person was the comn- fe pletest pudding of a figure that can be n imagined, as though, forsooth, a huge suit gl I of clothes had been filled out with suet. a1 He wore a blue cap with a shovel-shaped tl peak, and a piece of gold lace on it going al from one brass button to the other. cc "That's not Fidler," said I to Finn. hI "Fidler 1" lie ejaculated, staring with tl all his might at the boat, "there's twenty tc Fidlers in that man, your honour. Why, fhi Fidler's a mere rib, lean enough to shelter lii himself under the lee of a ropeyarn." as The boat came fizzing alongside hand- te somely, and the fat man, watching his in opportunity, planted himself upon the re steps and rose like a whale to our deck, tl upon which he stepped. In a very oi phlegmatic, leisurely way he stood star- as ing around him for a little out of a pair If of small, greenish, expressionless eyes, w and with a countenance that discovered tl no signs of any sort of emotion; then vs in the deepest voice I ever heard in a m man, a tone that literally vibrated upon af the ear like the low note of a church tl organ, he said in Dutch, "Who speaks tls my language?" st I knew a few sentences in German, di enough to enable me to understand his re question, but by no means enough to IV converse with, even if the man spoke be that tongue, so I said bluntly in English, he "No one, sir." hr He wheezed a bit, looking stolidly an at me, and exclaimed, "You are fo Captain " al I motioned to Finn. " Vy you vire ot mse ?" ie demanded, 'sn turnmng is fab, emotionless face upon the Je skipper. th Finn touched his cap. "Heartily sorry, t sir : 'twas all a blunder happening through s our mistaking you for another craft. I'm cu very willing to 'pologise and do whatever's tr right." The Dutchman listened apathetically, co then slowly bringing hIis fist of the shape, tl if not the hue, of a leg of beef to his vast vo spread of breast, hie exclaimed in a voice ab even deeper than hIis formner utterance, tie " Vot I ask is, vy you vire ot me ? " no Finn substantially repeated his former su apology. The Dutchman gazed at him ha dully, with an expression of glassiness de coming into hIis eyes. wl "Vot schip dis ? " ru Finn answered with alacrity, " The schooner-yacht, Bride, sir." no "Zhe vihgt vorr herr nation " sending a lethargic glance at our masthead as if in "] search of a pennant. wr "No, sir," cried Finn, "we're a so pleasure vessel." CO "Der is no var," exclaimed the Dutch. man, shaking his head, "between mine is coundry and yours." tra " Ho no, sir," exclaimed Finn. ini "Den I ask," said the Dutchlman in a in voice like a trombone, " vy you viro ot Du ne ?" oua This promised no end. I hastily whis- or pered to Finn, " Leave him to mue. Turn use to quietly and trim sail and get way upon isn the vessel. He'll take no other hint, I Jer fear." Finn sneaked off. " Pardon me, sir," said I, " you'll have heard from the can captain that our firing at you was a bluin der into which we were led by mistaking fire your ship. We desire to tender you our biw hunablo napolo., which I trust you will Ile it see your way to accept without delay as re we are very desirous of proceeding on our a voyage." so He looked at me with a motionless head and a face as vacant of human intelligence a, as a cloud, with its fat, its paleness, its it Alp upon Alp of chin, then ponderously and slowly putting his hand into his breast h, he pulled out a great pocket-book and said, is " Vot dis schiprs name ? " Ii "The Bridesmaid," said I. 1, He wrote down the word, wheezing ae laboriously. o " Your captain name ?" h "Fidler,' I answered. This he entered. g "Owner?" k " Colonel Hope-Kennedy." e "Ow youshpell?" n I dictated, and he put down the letters d as I delivered them. d "Vhero you vrom " i- "Limerick," I answered. n "Ow you sphell?" He got the word, r- and.then said, " Vere you boun' ? " a "To the Solomon Group," I answered. d This I had to spell for himn too. He .a wrote with such imperturbability, withi i- such a ponderosity of phlegmatic manner d in his posture, with such whale-like asth 1, matic wheezings broken only by the trem e bling notes of his deep, deep voice, that a again and again I was nearly exploding g with laughter, and indeed, had I caught anybody as eye but his I must certainly o have whipped out wit the merriment n that was almost su floting me. He slowly returned the note-book to his pocket and exclaimed "Goot. You hear more of dis," and with that walked to the a gangway. a "Pray forgive me," said I, following a him and speaking very courteously, "will r you. kindly tell me the name of your f ship ?" He regarded me with a kind of scowl as Shle hung an instant in the gangway- the a only expression approaching intelligence o that entered his face, and said, "Malvina." "And pray where areyou bound to, sir?" a " Curasoa." F " Are you the owner, sir? " a" Captain," he responded with an em a phatic nod, and so saying he put his foot a on the ladder and entered his boat. Five minutes later we were breaking a the seas afresh, making a more southerly a course than was n6edful by two points, a that we might give as wide a berth as soon as possible to the Dutch schooner, that, at I the time I went below to the summons of i the dinner-bell, was sliding away west ; south-west a league distant under every cloth that she had to hoist. CHAPTER XIX. A MvYSTERIOUS vOICs. F TIs was an incident to give one a deal to think and talk about. Certainly little imaginable cot'16 bi stranger than that we, being in -hase of a fore-and-aft r schooner yacht, should fall in 'with a vessel so resembling the object of our i pursuit as to deceive the sight of men who professed to know the ,Sharlk well. I should have been glad to ask the Dutch 1 man about his craft, yet it was a matter of no moment whatever. The thing had happened, it was passing strange, and there was an end. Likely enough she was i an English vessel purchased for some opulent trader in the is and of O'uraoa, and on her way to that possession in charge of the porpoise who had honoured I us with a visit. The incident signified only as a disappointment. All dinner time I had been fretting over it, for since sunrise I had been thinking of the vessel ahead as the Shark ; counted, in a sort of unreasoning, mechanical, silent way, upon capturing Lady Monson out of her, which, of course, would mean a shift of helm for us and home again. Wilfrid bore the blow better than I had dared to expect. He made a good dinner, for which he had the excuse of having fasted since breakfast, and broke into a noisy roar of laughter out of the air of gloomy resentment with which lie had arrived from his cabin on my describing the Dutchman, and repeating his questions and my answers. In short, his weak mind came to his rescue. With the schooner had vanished an inspiration of thought that had served his intellect as an anchor to ride by. His imagination was now fluent again, loose, draiinmg hero and there like water on the decks of a rolling ship ; and though lie spoke with vehement bit terness of his disappointment, and with indignation and rage even-of Finn's igno rance in pursuing a stranger throughout the day, he dwelt very briefly at a time on the subject. Indeed, his talk was just an aimless stridefrom one thingtoanother. If he recurred to the Dutch schooner, it was as if by mere chance; and, though the subject would blacken his mood, in a I very short while he hadl passed on to other I matters with a cleared face. Miss Laura afterwards said to me that the strain of the day had been too great for him, and c that when the tension was relaxed the i strings of the instrument of his mind c dropped into slack fibres, out of which his reason could fiddle but very little music. Well, I could have wished it thus for every body's sake. Better as it was than that he should have shrunk away scowling and s hugging a dark mantle of madness to him, I and exaggerated the abominably uncom fortable boehaviour I had witnessed in hlim I all day. t He arrived on deck after dinner to I smoke a cigar, and whilst I sat with Miss I Jennings-for it was a quiet night after the stormy blowing of the day, with a r tropic tenderness of temperature in thle i sweet gushling of the southerly wind, the ii curl of moon gone, and the large stars j trembling through the fihnlm of tlheir own d radiance like dowdrops in gossamer-I could hear my cousin chatting briskly near a the wheel with Fisnn with intonations of I b voice that curiously proclaimed the vari ableness of hIis moods to the ear, some- a times speaking with heat, sometimes in a t: note of sullen expostulation, sometimes u surprising thle attention with a loud ha, g hIa I that came floating back again to the r deck in echoes out of the silent canvas, a whilst Finn's deep sea-note rumbled a Il runningcommentaryas the baronet talked. si "Whsat do you think of this chase now ?" said I to MLiss Laura. n "I wish it were over," she answered. "I want to see my sister.rescued from the s wretch she has run away with, Mr. Mon- st son, but this sort of approaching her re covery is dreadful." J " It is worse than dreadful," said I; "it q is tedious with the threat of a neat little tragical complication by-and-byye-any day F indeed-if Wilfrid doesn't stow that gun it in hIis hold or hIeave it overboard. The si Dutchman might very well have answered our shot had heIo mounted a piece or two w or driven alongside and plied us, as they I1 used to say, with small arms. Now one isn't hero for tlat sort of thling, Miss F Jennings." "No. Is there no way of losing the tl] cannon?" af I laughed. "If Wilfrid will reserve his a firo until hlie is sure of the Sharkls instead of w blazing away at the first craft that resem bIles her, the weapon might yet prove al as something to usefully serve his turn ; for ur I doubt if anything will hinder the Colonel from cracking on when he catches sight of ad us, short of iron messages from the fore ce castle there. But wd shall not meet with ts the Shark this side the Cape, if there." ly " I fear it will prove a long voyage," at said she, with the sparkle of the starlight d, in her eyes. " You will be glad to return ?" "Not without my sister." ag "But shall you be willing, Miss Jen nings, supposing us to arrive at Cape Town without falling in with the Shark, to per severe in this very singular and unpromis ing sea quest?" "I will remain with Wilfrid certainly," she answered quietly. "My duty is to help him in this search, atzd where he rs goes I shall go." "But he will be acting cruelly to carry you on from the Cape unless able to cer tainly toll where to find the fugitives, 1, fixing the date too for that matter." "I see you will leave us at the Cape, 3\. Mr. Monson," she exclaimed with an Ee accent that could only icome from the hi movement of the lips in aý smile. .r " Not unless I prevail upon you to ac a- company me home," said I. a- She shook her head lightly, but made at no answer. Perhaps it was her silence ig that rendered me sensible of the unpre at meditated significance of my speech. ly " Well," said I lighting a second cigar, it " whilst you feel it your duty to stick to re my cousin I shall feel it mine to stick to is you. Not likely I should leave you alone ir with him. No. e At that instant the harsh, surly voice of old Jacob Crimp hailed the skipper, who ig still stood aft talking with Wilfrid. All 11 was in darkness forward ; it was hard upon ir two bells ; the canvas rose as elusive to the eye in its wanness as a dim light in as windy gloom far out to sea, and the me shadow of it plunged a dye as opaque as :e blindness into the obscurity from the mainmast to the forecastle rail, where the stars were sliding up and down like a dance of fire-flies to the quiet lift and fall of the close-hauled yacht upon the in k- visible folds brimming to her port how. ,t " Capt'n," sung out Crimp's melodious voice-plaintive as the notes of a knifo g upon a revolving grindstone-from the y heart of the murkiness somewhere near 4 Ithe galley. th "Hallo I" answered Finn. t " Can I speak a word with ye? " f "Who is it wants me ? " S "The mate." y "Tell him to come aft," Wilfrid bawled out. " If there's anything wrong I must know it. Stop aft, Crimp, stop aft, d'yo hear ?" he cried. Old Jacob's stunted figure came out of tile darkness and walked along to whore Finn stood. d " What is the matter, I wonder ?" said a Miss Laura. It I cocked my ear, for there is something t in a hail of this sort at sea on a dark night a to put an alertness into one's instincts and ,r nerves. Besides, there was no sounder o snorer on board than old Jacob, and his I merely coming up on deck during his watch below, though he should have stood r mute as a ghost, was something to raise a dl little uneasy sense of expectation. His i voice rumbled, but I could not hear what s lihe said. Wilfrid shouted " What d'ye a say ?" with an expression of astonishment and incredulity. Finn laughed in a sneer a ing way, whilst old Jacob again rumbled I out with some sentence. Then my cousin I bawled out " Charles, Charles, come here r will you?" a " What the deuce is the matter now?" ? I said I, and Miss Laura followed me as I di f went over to the group. 0 a " Here'sa nicepickle we're in, Charles," in cried Wilfrid. " What think you? Crimp fc r swears the yacht's haunted." " So she be," said Crimp. ai 1 " Pity your mother didn't sell vinegar, of Jacob, that you might have stayed at 4 7 home to bottle it ol;," exclaimed Finn. "Haunted I That may do for the marines, f but you won't get the sailors to believe J 1' it." "That's just what they do then," re 3 marked Crimp. "All the watch below at I have heard it and can't sleep in conse- vl r quence." t "Heard what ? " I asked. r " The woice," answered Jacob, "the same as you and me heard 'tother .a a night." "Have you heard a voice, Charles?" exclaimed Wilfrid, suddenly fetching a - t deep breath. "A mere fancy," said I. " Ye didn't like it anyhow," said Crimp U gruffly as though speaking aside. a "For God's sake tell me about this voice, Charles," cried Wilfrid, agitated all on a sudden and restless as a dog-vane, with the twitching of his figure and the shifting of his weight from one leg to another. I related the incident, making light of it, and tried to persuade him that the mere circumstance of my having said nothing about it proved that I regarded it as a deceit of tile hearing. - " Did you know of this, Laura ?" said Wilfrid. " As a joke only," she answered. "A joke," cried lihe, breathing deep again. " Te voice sounded off the sea, hey ? and two of you heard it ? What did it say ?" and I could see him by the star light looking towards the starboard quar ter in the direction whence the syllables had floated to us. "What did it say ?" he repeated. " Why, that this here yachtwas cussed," rattled out Jacob defiantly, "and dum me if I don't think she be now that the bloom ing corpse belonging to the wreck is a jawing and a-thlreatening of all hands down in the forepeak." " What is this man talking about ?I" I exclainmed, believing that hie must either be drunk or cracked. " lie's come aft to toll us, Mr. Moneon," answered Finn, " that he and others of the watch below have been disturbed by a woice in tile hIold saying that tlhere's a ghost aboard, and that the only way to get rid of him is to sail straight away homeo and end this woyage which, saving the lady's presence, it calls blarsted non I observed old Jacoh's head vigorously nodding. " Yolu're heard the voice too, Charles?" said Wilfrid, flitting in short, agitated strides to and fro beside us. "Mr. Monson heard it twice," growled Jacob, "off the wreck as well as off the quarter." ' "Speak when you're spoken to," cried Finn. " Why, spit mae, Mr. Monson, if it ain't old Jacob's grandmother as has signed on instead of Crimp himself." "Look here," said Crimp, "let them what disbelieves step forrards and listen themselves." " Charles, inquire into this matter with Finn, will you ?" exclaimed Wilfrid. "I-I-" ho stopped and passed his hand B through Miss Jennings' arm, immediately afterwards saying with a short, nervous laugh, " thIe sound of a supernatural voice would cost me a night's rest." " Comie along, Finn," said I. "Come along, Crimnp. If there be a ghost, as our friend hero says, he must promptly be laid by the heels and despatched to the Red Sea." "What did'ee want to go and tell Sir Wilfrid about that woice you and Mr. LIonson heard 'tother night " grumbled Finn, as we moved forwards into the dark ness towards the forehatch. "Cause its true," answered Crimp in his sullenest manner. "'Sides it's time to end this here galliwanting ramble, seems to me, if weo're going to be talked to and cursed by sperrits." Finn made no answer. We arrived at the forehatch and descended. "The Bsric's forecastle was a largo one for a vessel of her size. On either hand abaft was a small cabin partially bulkheaded off from the sailors' sleeping-room,' respectively occupied 'by Jacob Crimp and Cutbill. Whather the mate ate with the captain, whoeo lei'th was just forward of the one that had been occupied by Mullinn with access by nieains of a sliding door to a sblnall living room through which he could pass into the forecastle, I calinot say. It Swas a rough scene. to .light upon after the elegance, glitter, aisdrich dyes of the fit tings of our quarters aft, but the more picturesque for that.quality. as I found it now, at least on viewing the homely and coarse interior by the light of a small oil lamp of the shape of a block-tin coffeeoo-pot with a greasy sort of flame coining out of the spoht, and burning darkly into a cork screw of smoke that wound hot and ill flavoured to the upper deck. There were bunks for the seamen and two or three hammocks slung right forward; suits of oilskins hung by nails against the stan tions, and swung to the motion of the vessel like the bodies of suicides sawayed by the wind. The deck was encumbered by sea-chests cleated or otherwise secured. Here and there glimmering through the twilight in a bunk I took notice of a little framed picture, a pipe rack, with other odds and ends, trifling home memorials, and the artless conveniences with which poor Jack equips himself. There were seamen lying in their beds, a vision of leathery noses forking up out of a hedge of whisker, with bright wide-awake eyes that made one think of glow- worms in a bird's nest ; other equally hairy-faced figures in drawers and with naked foot, hugo bare arms dark with moss ahd prick ings in ink, sat with their legs over the edge of their bunks. It was with difliculty that I controlled my gravity when on casting a hurried glance round the fore castle on entering it my gaze lighted on the visage of Muffin, whose yellowness in the dull lamplight showed with the spec tral hue of ashds. His bunk was well forward ; his bare legs humlg from the edge .like..a.couple.o - broonsticks; his hands were clasped; his head slightly on onb side; his posture one of alarm, amid which, however, there still lurkedis native quality of valet-like sleekness With a sug gestion of a respectful apology for feeling nervous. Sweoobt s the Bride was, no doubt, as a pleasure vessel compared witli other craft of those times, the odour of this intorior, improved as it was by the flaring snuff of the lamp, not to nmention a decidedly warm night, was by no means of the most delicious. Added to this was the lift and fall of the yacht's bows which one felt here so strongly, that, coming fresh from the tender hearings of the after deck, you would have imagined a lively head sea had sprung up on a sudden. That Muffin should have stood it astonished me. Sleeping as he did, right in the "eyes," he got the very full of the motion. •Besides, such an atmosphere as this must needs prove the severer as a hardship after the luminous and flower-sweetened air of the cabin.' Finn took a -leisurely survey of the occupants of the bunks. "Woll, lads I" aid lihe, "what's the meaning of this here talk about a woice ? MIr. Crimp's just come aft to tell me there's someewhlat a-speaking under foot here." "That's right, sir,'" remarked Cutbill, who stood bolt upright like a sentry in the entrance to his little berth. "I beq your pardon, IIr. BMonson, sir, but it's nigh hand the same sort o' speech dis hailed us from the wreck."-. "'Tis the samne I" said ai'deop voice from one of the bunks. &"Rats I " quoth Finn, contemptuously. "Never yet mnat with the rat as could damn a man's eyes in English," grunted .Crimp. "Nor in any other lingo, lr.Criiimp, said a singular looking seaman, whose face I had before takennoticeo of as reseqbling the skin of an over-ripe lemon. lie lay on the snmall of his' back blinking at us, .and his countenance in that light, that was rendered confusing by the sliding of shadows to the swing of the yacht, made one think of a `melon lialf buried in a blanket. " "Well, but see here, my lads," ex claimed Finn, in a voice of expostulation, "what did this hero woico say 7 That's what I want to' know. ' What did it say, men ?" "I told 'eo," growled Crimp. But old Jacob's interpretation did not tally with that of the others. The sailors wore generally agreed that the voice had exclaimed in effect that the yacht was cursed, and that their business was to make hastoe and sail her home ; but some had apparently heard more than others,. whilst a few again manaifcstly embollished, with a notion, perhaps, of making the shdst of it; but tlheore'could be no question whatever that hIuman syllables, very plainly.articulated, had sounded from out of the hold ; all hands were agreed as to tihaand proof coiiclusive as to the sin cority of the men might have been found in thie looks of. them, one and all. - "Silence,- now I" cried Fism, "let's liston." We all strained our ears. Nothing brokii: tlid Sileiho but thle sulky wash of the sea outside, seethling dully, the half sticled respirations of the sailors, who found it dillicialtt6 control their hurricane lungs, and 'thel faniliar creaking noises breaking out in various parts of the fabric to iher swayings. Imlpressed as I was by the agreemenit amongst tihe men--and i. had come besides to this forecastle with the mnemory very fresh in me of the mysterious voices I had before heard-I could scarcely hold my faie as I stood listening, with my eye glancing from one hairy countenance to another. The variety of tlh Jacks' postures, theknowing cock .of a head hero and there, the uin whiinng stare, .the strained harkening attitude, the illustration of superstitious emotions by expressions which were rendered grotesque by the swing of the lamp, 'the half - suffocated looks of some of the fellows who were trying to dmw their breaths softly, formed a picture ti appeal irresistibly to one's sense of. the ridiculous. Threeoominutes passed; it might have been hours, so long the time scomed. S"Seems it's done jawing, whateyer it ii;" said Finnm. VWe listened again. "Tell .'ee it's rats, lads," said Finn. "As the cuss was meant for tlhis 'eve craft," exclaimed the deep voice that hlad -before spoken, "perhaps if her owner was to come below, thie spurrit, if.so be it's that,; 'ud tarn to and talk outpgain." "Toll 'co, its rats 1" cried Fism, scorn "ily., - ,, oxehaimad Crjisp, with great in'itistitn;-' if 'fltnt's all, ivhsy don't Sir Wilfrid lay forrard and listen for hissolf? " "Won't he comoe?" said one of the nmon. "Come I no,' rattled out Crimp, "and ,wly 7 'Cause e li kio~is it's the truth." "Well," exclaimed Cutbill," speaking with all proper respect, seemiS to me that whlit's nmeat for the dawg ought to be nicat for the man in tle likes of such a hlsumblo- comeo-tumble out of the main top into tlhe main-hold sort o'..job as. this. lThero was now some grumbling. Crimp lihd onabled thie mens to guess that Wilfrid -wns afraid to enter the forecastle, and umisdry earcasmins, with a mutinous touch i-, them, lassedl fromi bunk to bunk. " Avast I " roared Finn ; "listen if he'll bimeak now." Butiio' sound resembling a human syl lablo entered the stillness. "It's rats, I tell 'ee," shouted the skipper, making to go on deck. " Come along,' Mr. MlIonson. Blamed now if I belioev that Jacob is the only grandmotlher as has signed articles for this heore rowoyago." But as I followed him the exchunations I caught determined me on advising Wil frid to come forward. He had left Miss Jonnings standing alone at the rail, and was walking swiftly hero and there with an irritability of gesture that was a sure symptoni in himi of a troubled and active imagination. On catching sight of me as I emer*cd out of the blind shadow on the forward part of the "yacht, he cried out eagerly, "\Well, what have you heard Is it a voice, Charles 1" "Thoro is nothing to hear," I answered. " Finn disrespectfully calls it rats." '.' What else, your honour 7" exclaimed Finn, "' the squeaking of rats ain't unlike a sort o' language. Put the noise they muake along with the straining of bulk heads and the like of such sounds, and let the boiling be listened to by a parcel of ignorant sailors, and I allow ye o' got what. might be tarmed a supernatural woico." Wilfrid burst into one of .his great laughs, but innunediately after. said in a grave and hollow tone, "But you, Charles, have before heard something proterna tural in the shape of a hail off yonder -quarter, and from the dead nian y'ou found on the wreck." " Fancy, mere fancy,"I said. "Gracious mercy I am I miAking this voyage to carry home with me a belief in ghosts B3ut I wish you'd go into the forecastle with Finn, Wilfrid, and listen for yourself. Make your mind easy : there's nothing to be heard. A visit from you will pacify the men. They hold that you adrint the truth of wvhat they alleoge by declining to satisfy yourself by listening. '"Their temper is not of the sweetest.. They should be soothed, I think, when it is to be so easily done." He hung ij ,tl wind and said in a hesitating way, What do youi think, Finn?". .' . " Well, Sirr'ilfrid, since, as Mr. Mon son says, there's. nothen to hear and nothen thereforo to cause ye any agitation, I dorn't doubt that a wisit from you would please the sailors and calm down their minds.. I'm .bound to say they're oneasy,-yes, T'm bound to say that." " Comq, then," cried my cousin, and he strided impetuously into the darkness, followed by the skipper. I gave Miss Laura my arm and we started on a little walk. The awning was furled and the dew everywhere sparlded like hoar frost. The quiet night wind sighed in .the rigging, and the yacht, a point or two ofil her course, and every sheot flat aft, softly broke through the black quiet waters with dull puffs of phosphor at times sneaking by like the eyes of. secret shapes risen close to the surface to survey us. The sheen of tlhe binnaclo light touched a portion of the figuro of thifollow at the wheel, and throw hliimn and a segment of the circle whose spokes ho hold, out upon the clear, fine, spangled dusk in phantasmal yellow outlines, dim as the inpression left on the retina by an object when the eyelid is closed upon it. My fair companion and 1 talked of the incidents of the day. One thiring was following another rapidly, I said. 'Twas like a magic-lantern show ; scarcely had one picture faded out when something fresh ,was brightening in its room. r "'What msianner of sound could it be," she asked, "that the sailors have inter preted 'into- cu?sings and dreadful warnhings ? " S"It was no fancy on my; part anyway," said I, "let me put what face I will on it to Wilfrid. If what the men profess to hear be half as distinct as what I heard, there must be some kind -of sorcery at work, I'll swear." (To be conttin?red.) 