1ST. EDITION. Barrier Miner. THURSDAY, MAY 1, 1890. A Glance at the Ministerial Programme. PARLIAMENT has been called together, and the first note of terror sounded in the ranks of the Government. To con- ciliate protectionist newspapers, who have long advocated a newspaper post- rate, promise is made to introduce a Bill by which a charge of a halfpenny will be made on each newspaper carried through the post-office. To soften the anger of the anti-liquor party, promise is made to introduce an Amended Licensing Act, having for its object the reduction of the drink traffic ; whilst to better the female and religious influence, promise is made to extend voting power to females. All this betokens a conciliatory spirit-a wish to cement outside forces to the free trade party in the event of the latter being early forced to appeal to the coun- try. It betokens the fact that Parkes is on his last political legs, at the best of times shaky ones, supported by monetary crutches found by crawling and incapable colleagues and victim- ised friends anxious to grind axes, crosscut saws, and tomahawks. The public are disgusted with his slippery Parliamentary life of the past few years, and are disappointed that he has failed to do one single thing of the many tasks they imposed on him when the Dibbs-Jennings' Government went the way of all flesh. When Sir Henry was drawn three years ago from the sewer-like obscurity his many extra- ordinary actions had placed him in, he was whitewashed by the promises of his party, and supported again to the front rank of political life by a country plunged into a position of financial dis- may by the Dibb's deficit-a deficit which might have easily been wiped away if the " ad valorem" Government had continued the wholesale squander- ing of the public lands of the colony, initiated by past Parkes' Governments. Sir Henry promised, and his party pro- mised for him, to extricate the country from all these and other difficulties, fill the empty coffers of the exhausted Treasury, and flood a tide of prosperity over the entire area of New South Wales. Sir Henry Parkes signally failed to do this. The public deficit, if not increased, remained in precisely the same condition as Mr. Dibbs left it, whilst large areas of land were par- ted with by the Crown for ever. Under the Parkes Government of that time - that is the last Parkes Government - the country commenced to stink in the nostrils of the world. The city became overrun by the unemployed, and the iniquitous Government labor office, for the relief of the laboring classes ren- dered destitute by freetrade, was estab- lished, to be run, we all know how, by Parkes' bosom friend, the Hon. John Davies. The Ministerial camp was saturated with political chicanery. Mines Minister Abigail was bowled out in the " Mountain Maid " mining difficulty, Treasurer Burns in the Hornsby-Junction scandal, and the end of public patience was reached when Parkes himself was unmasked before the world as the absolute vendor of Montpelier, an estate which didn't belong to him. The Government steeped to the eyes in jobbery, tottered before the Opposition, and the final was reached when Parkes turned tail, and, frightened to meet Parliament, threw his resignation in the face of the coun- try. a brief existence followed for a hastily-constituted Dibbs' Government, and an appeal to the country was made on the fiscal question. The result was that the present Parliament was formed of an almost equal number of free- traders and protectionists, and it is in this Parliament that Sir Henry Parkes has put in the rest of the nails required to seal his political coffin. He has done little else than betray, promise and betray again. He passed a large sum of money to " Coonanbara " John Davies, against whom many and mani- fest peculiar transactions with public property had been proved, and has in every single thing he has done, allowed the people to trace it home to strange relationship and certain jobbery. Under the present Parkes Government the country has become beggared. Large armies of unemployed men parade the streets of Sydney for bread, and the parks adjacent to the city are covered nightly with the starving forms of thousands of men who ask in vain for work in freetrade New South Wales. Parkes has betrayed his trust, and is now virtually the stone round the neck of the colony, which he will drag to the bottom, if the knife of pro- tection is unable to sever the connec- tion. The time for this has come. Sir Henry Parkes has met Parliament with fear and trembling. His Govern- ment has become one of shreds an patches. He has, during the recess, given cause for a dozen votes of cen- sure, his last "job " being the appoint- ment of Oscar Meyer as Commissioner to the Mining Exhibition to be held in the Crystal Palace. The wily freetrade captain sees disaffection amongst his crew, and, anticipating a vote of cen- sure, he is throwing out kites in the shape of promises, to attract the atten- tion of the advocates of the rights of women, the protectionist newspapers supporting newspaper postage, and the liquor fanatics, yclept, prohibitionists. * * * The very worst compliment a man can show a virtuous woman is to marry one who is not virtuous. To do this is practically to insult the whole of the pure members of the sex, for it is tan- tamount to saying to the virtuous women " See, I prefer to take to be my wife a being whose immorality excludes her from the society of all honorable women. From such a man, well bred and virtuously-trained women expect nothing, and when the said man has led the life of a gray-headed roue for the past 20 years, they desire even less. This is merely a supposititious case, still it has its sequel. * * * Kiama Ghost Parkes, whose political race is so nearly run that he feels it incumbent on the Ministry to bolster up the forthcoming candidature of his freetrade squad by a liberal shower of promises, proposes to submit a bill to Parliament to extend voting power to women. Whether this idea originated from gratitude to the committee of ladies who neglected their homes to canvas the city of Sydney for subscrip- tions to tbe Parkes breadless home fund in 1888 is not stated, but we think we are not far from the truth in saying that Parkes has as much inten- tion of including the names of women on the electoral roll as he has of paying up all deficiencies in his past three in- solvencies. We oppose the extension of the political vote to women as a measure which is fraught with a thou- sand dangers and not one single ves- tige of advantage, either to Women themselves, or to the good government of the country. We do not imagine for one moment that Parkes intends to seriously go on with his proposal, as we know the man sufficiently well to be- lieve that he has merely thrown out the promise as a bait to catch the sup- port, or rather influence, of the women and, through them, of certain religiously inclined bodies. Certainly we do not require to extend such a privilege to females who would be sure as a body to abuse it ; nor do we believe that the great body of women desire such privilege. If there is one quality be- yond others that a woman almost always wholly lacks it is the sense of exact and perfectly balanced justice. Mercy and therefore sentiment she has, but mercy and sentiment are not qualities calculated to frame just mea- sures which require dispassionate rea- soning power unbiassed by prejudice. Apart from this there are a thousand reasons why the extension of the vote to women would work only mischief, unrelieved by even a single degree of good. If women have the right to elect legislators they have also the right to legislate. If they have no right to a seat in Parliament they are not entitled to help to appoint that Parlia- ment. One is as reasonable as the other, and only imagine, just for one instant, a Parliament of women, and then a Ministry of them. Parkes is used to petticoat government, and is therefore apparently inclined to take the first step towards making the country submit to the same. He may be an old woman himself, but we object to a further extension of the privilege. One old woman in the House is sufficient without six benches of them. Imagine, Sir Henrietta Parkesian, premier, with the Hon. Wilhelmenia McMillion, treasurer. Picture the Premier skaking out her skirts, or if reformers in dress like it, trousers, on budget speech night. The country is awaiting the periodical cash statement, and lo and behold, an acci- dent necessitating the attendance of a Mrs. Gamp, has happened. The Premier addresses the chair, and the female curiosity becomes of the red- hot description. "The fact is, hon. ladies, my distinguished colleague was taken ill last night, a little family affair \- an increase to the metropolitan census, if not to the Treasury. I therefore move that this House adjourn until the convalescent period which is, as hon. members know, from ten to fourteen days." No! We do not require women to assist in governing the colony. They can do much better by governing their house- hold, beyond which no womanly woman desires to go. The only advantage which could possibly come from an extension of voting power to both sexes, would be the ousting from Par- liament of men who had degraded their country, and insulted women in the very keenest direction. But, again, we are afraid that women would smooth away these little infirmities, and in many cases good, plain, but sensible men would go under to make room for men of black character, but extreme personal adornments and outer attractions. The alteration in the Electoral Act desired is not the extension of the franchise to women, but the destruction of the disgraceful system of plural voting. One man one vote is the secret of obtaining good representatives of the people, and this is precisely what the country intends to have. Under the present disgrace- ful state of affairs, a rich man owning a hundred different properties in a hundred different electorates can vote a hundred different times, naturally in the same direction, whilst the poor man is obliged to confine his privilege to one vote. Destroy this plural voting, saturated as it is with encour- agement to crime, impersonation by individuals, and manipulation of seats by dishonorable statesmen in such a way that the plural vote may be con- veniently exercised to their own advantage. The destruction of the plural vote system is the destruction of freetrade. To explain ; At the last general elections, when the appeal to this country was on the fiscal question, the protectionists scored three and four to one in every country con- stituency, where nearly every man had one vote and one vote only. It was in the city proper that the freetraders scored, where in East and West Sydney, St. Leonards, Balmain, and Newtown the freetrade importers, each commanded hundreds of votes, and coer- ced hundreds of employees to vote to support the free importation of foreign goods. Once remove this plural voting power, and prevent the rich importer, who is also a landed proprietor, and the possessor of perhaps twenty houses in different city electorates, from casting in his twenty votes against the poor man's one, and freetrade receives the final shot between the wind and water, and goes as surely as it has gone in Victoria and South Australia. We do not want, nor do women, wish, the extension of the franchise to both sexes, but we certainly hope to see the iniquitious system of plural voting done away with for ever. * * * And now we come to Sir Henry Parkes' proposals to extend additional priveleges to the local optionists, which means, we suppose, the closing of public houses without compensation. This is a serious question and must be viewed by consumer and abstainer alike in a dispassionate manner. Local optionists claim the right to exercise a local voting power to close public-houses, whilst prohibitionists go one better, and claim the right to vote the liquor traffic out of existence alto- gether. The former are illogical, even if they do allow compensation to closed houses, which they don't, whilst the latter are fanatical, though consistent in their intentions. We have first to consider the liquor traffic as a trade, and here we are confronted with the undeniable fact that drink is a trade which has for years been sanctioned by the Crown, to which it has contributed the bulk of the revenue of the custom house. It is therefore a legal traffic, and persons have been induced to devote their lives to the trade, build large breweries and erect costly corner hotels, purchase long leases, and invest large sums of money, because of their knowledge that the trade is legal. Then if local option is to deal with their properties it must compensate for the duration to run of leases, else a robbery is committed. But local option is wrong in every particular. It means that one half a given locality plus one, may coerce the other half minus one, or that an organised minority may tyrannise over a dis- organised majority. It means that the principle may be enforced in dis- tricts requiring it least, and not enforced in districts requiring it most. It means the depopulation of the dis- trict enforcing it, and the increase of the population and drunkenness in the district unable to enforce it. Further it allows localities to deal with questions which should receive their answer only in the ballot boxes of a general election, as, why should any one district be -allowed to legislate on a national issue. Prohibition is equally dangerous. It means that the Government is to become paternal in authority as to what we shall eat and drink. It means giving into the hands of the Crown the liberty of the subject, and worse than all, because men will drink while men exist, it means the destruction of a legitimate and supervised traffic for an illicit and poisonous traffic. We can- not shut our eyes to the dangers of the liquor traffic, the evils under which many of us fall through its influence, its curse on the people when not properly regulated, and the reign of terror it exercises in the homes of the poor who come beneath its irreclaim- able influence. Still we must legislate for men and not for saints. ; Men will drink whilst men exist. If they can not drink spirits they will drink poisons, but drink they will have. It is therefore impossible to destroy a legalised traffic to have in its stead a secret trade in the worst and most adulterated of intoxicants, smuggled into the country with entire loss to the revenue, and calculated only to fill our asylums with the victims of bad grog. Certainly local option with or without compensation and prohibition will never stop the liquor traffic, but only add to its evils. But, as with all evils, a cure exists to meet the drink traffic, and strange to say this has missed temperance reformers throughout the colony. We refer to high license. We grant that there are too many public-houses in the colony, and far too many grog shops existing under that name. These dens, we know, just eke out a bare living, and an increase in the license fee, which would be just, would meet the entire difficulty. Instead of £15 and £30 the present annual licenses for public-houses, why not make the fees £100 and £200. Under the former price the whole of the small grog shops would have to collapse, although not without some moderate compensation, and large and legitimate houses dependent on other means than bar trades, would propor- tionately advance in respectability and in providing for the true wants of the people. * * * ' Then Sir Henry Parkes intends to submit, through Mr. Daniel O'Connor a bill to make a charge of a halfpenny on all newspapers sent through the post office. With this we have no fault to find. The charge is both fair and honest, and in support of this we cannot do better than quote from our leader of the 15th instant : - Newspapers are alleged to be the media through which the masses receive their education, and it is under this excuse that the General Post-office of Sydney agrees to carry them free throughout Australia. The cost of this gratuitous carriage to the country is simply enormous, and notwithstanding that the General Post-office is a yearly loss by thousands of pounds to New South Wales, the evil result of the practice of carrying free the good and bad news- papers, cheap journals, shoddy magazines, and lesser rags, increases every year at an astounding rate, there being at the present time hundreds of newspapers to the tens of only a few years ago. Taking the S. M. Herald as an example of the "newspaper postage free" we find a bulky journal, each daily issue of which contains, perhaps, one thousand pounds worth of advertisements, mostly from horse-race promoters, medical quacks, rogues, and charlatans, who would be compelled to pay postage on their "information" disseminated in any shape other than as a newspaper advertisement. It will be said that newspapers are public educators, yet turn to a Saturday edition of the Sydney Morning Herald and ob- serve what percentage of space is devoted to office written reading matter. Not 10 per cent. And the odd 90-the advertis- ing sheet-is carried through our post- offices to an extent totting up annually in weight to thousands of tons. Such being the case with one " leading " journal in New South Wales, what can be said of the many useless rags-dailies, weeklies, and monthlies-which flood themselves over New South Wales at the expense of the people of the colony, and not of the persons who produce them-the rightful individuals to pay. We understand that Mr. Dibbs intends to support the Postmaster- General in this measure, a course for which we extend him our heartiest congratulations. The Ministerial programme contains other measures, but none calculated to be of the same importance as those we have thus briefly dwelt upon. 