FREE CHURCH VIEWS AND DOCTRINES. Tho following circular gives a statement of thu viuWH and doctrines of the Freu Church of England Tlit nttovfi Chnreh ami R>!>lmih having been opfin d for twenty-two yoarn, tho ininiior would kindly invito anyone living in the locality and no attending any pine of worahip oil tlio Sabbath to cumeaod select a wat, ai tliure are no pew rents, only.tffiuutory cjfiecimnn. . Divinu service every Sabbath— Morning, H; evening, 7. The rortl1. Supper, rruniuu, thn . Hrrt SsliDath in every month. Oimn Oomtnunion. Baptism, morning, tho lust Sabbath iu the month, without godparents. Hahbnth School, morning and afternoon. Lreturu nnd anti-smoking meeting on Wed- neviuy night, ot B oVh«k. Murriaces l-gally clebratod at any time in the church or privately. An I do nut wish to naiI under fnUc colors, I would here state that I am not a clergyman nf thu Church of England. Our views and dostrmeenna Frco Church of England smi— 1\. No abiolnriou or remission of sin by any minister, liitliop or church : no man living having authurity from tlio Bible to say, "Ana by His authority committed to mo, I abeolvo then from all thy eitif, in tlm name of thu Father, and of the S-m, aud of thu Holy Ghost. Amen." 9\. No gxifath'T or godmother required at infant bu ritiHtn, and that no child is madn by bafRism " a ummbcr of Christ, a child of God. or nn inheritor of tho Kingdom of Heaven." (I do not tsdievi? in Baptismal remuirrntion). 3\. No refusing to rend the prayers over the c irpio of an uubaptised infant;! believe all au- baptised infant dying go to lirevon t and no declaration that ov«iy adult is buried in soro and cTtnin hofMof tbu resurrection toctrrnal life. (We havo a compartment in the Mel bourne Cametory). 4\. No Cotnmination Srtrvice, Neither do we believe that Chri»t descended into If ell. I ain now prepsred to muot any clergyman in publio to proro that our Revlsrd Prayer Book ih inure in accnrdanou with the Biblu uu thorn doQtriuet than tbu Bock of Common »ro frcn under Chriit our Mattor ; our is a free pulpit and a frno cotiinmniDn, open to all who lore thn Lord Jeans Christ in sincerity and truth. We would pmponnd a free gospel, a free snWatioo. operating through a living faith. Uopiog that the tnuu will soon coma when all tlm churches of thu land will be united with each other and the Lord. ' Nathaniel Kinhvan, \- Minister nnd "ga1ly Appointed Head of tbo Froo Churcli of Englsnd in Victaris. Fiteruy, dntod this 1st day of January, 1885, 