m LETTER HOME, | 11 ' ' '? ' ' ~ ? , . SUMMARY OF NFa\yS. in ' ' - , i ..mc I '- ' It wa» not Queen's «eather that prevailed on the day fixed this year for celebrating the 71st anniversary of the birth of Her Majesty the Qncen. Buttho loyalty, of Tasmanian» ia proof against the element», and, as uinal, there were large numbers of people to be seen wherever there was anything worth ,, looking at. The Royal Standard fluted proudly from the Mulgrave Flagstaff; the tower of Government House was surmounted . by this grand emblem ; and its folds were loosened to the breeze at the Queen's Battery ¡I also. From Holy Trinity Church belfry sounds of joyouanoss went forth on tho morn- ing air, and away to the eastward the bugler's ¿* call was heard summoning troops to parade. The Governor held a fetes, and reviewed the Defence Force in the Domain in the presence of a large assemblage of the people. Eiery thinjc passed off happily, and the various race meetings and other amusements were well patronised. ' 'j Parliament meets for the despatch of busi nessat A o'clock in the afternoon of Tuesday, the 1st of next month. Ministers thus remove one reproach ftora their reputation. They keep their promise to members in the spirit, if not in the very letter, and for that, baling been doubtful if they would do so, it is only fair we should at the first opportunity themako the amend within our reach In doing so we must, however, also express the hope that Mr Fjah and his colleague» really mean to " turn over a new leaf," and go to business in real earnest, tackling finance with ' a firm hand and contriving means for wiping out the deficit Among tho measures it is i understood Ministers intend to introduce /during the seaBion aro an amending Land i Bill, a bill to codify and amend the electoral Law in view of the general election, and a , bill to amend the Licensing Act passed last ' year in which some serious flaw» have already , been discovered. In the absence of the legal member of the Government, the Attorney General, in England, it is doubtful if much business will be transacted, and it is even rumoured that directly the debate on the address in reply to the Governor's speech is finished Ministers will ask for a lengthy adjournment. Ministers have returned to Hobart from theiricountry tours which unkind people say have an electioneering tin doney, but they have Bot yet thought fit ti make publipthe report of the Crown Law Officers upon-ihe question whether a Minuter of the Grown, without a portfolio, can sanction the expen- diture of public money by the Department») One thing, however, it is understood they * have done. They have taken the matter into their own bands, and, by re signing, each Minister for hi» own department, the voucher» which bad previously been assented to by Mr, JftUgexald bave settled the question so-far as "these particular items are concerned. Th» constitutional point havibg, however, been -raised, it will have to be settled one way or Another, and,. under the circumstances. Ministers need not be ashamed to own that they, baye made a mistake U they have don» io. No harm will now accrue to anyone from it, unies» it is the Auditor General, and it certainly ought to be understood what is to be dope in the future at any similar juncture. . With respect to Mr. Loyett, that gentleniari no doubt acted tor the beat in the interest of the persons who happened to be waiting for, their i money. The i question 1 is, li ' in »o doing ,he did not, neglect tho in) teiest» of a »till larger body of, people-the general taxpayer of the colony. If be did. it ia »aid, Minister« have'-now indemnified him .Quite ao, but if, a» might be the case} . lorne item had been »queered through which '-the Minister at the head of the department 1 could'not see his way to authorise when he returned to hi», post, how then ! It would "be'air.very well to »ay Mr. Fitzgerald bad been1 'misled. l The responsible Minister would say he should not perpetuate the , Mistake and make it his own by appending his signature to it. and'where would Mr. Lovett be then I The money would be gone, and gone without the authority of a respon- sible Minister of the Crown. That is the point ! the Crown Law officer» should bo asked to advise upon, and everyoue should be allowed to know hbw they regard the question , t , r tf« ' ' A'rumour respecting, the purchase of the ^Maih Line of Railway having gained con siderable currency during the week^ime Of .ur reporter* interviewed Mr. O H Grant, the General Manager of the Main Line Railway, and from him learned that ho was certain no new development of the matter baditaken place within the past1 few days Mr Pnce-Williams left Melbourne on the 24th ult, for London, and he is the only accredited agent of the company for the .disposal of the pro-i perty during the year 1890, thoreforo any' transaction in the matter must be par ticipated in by that gentleman Replj I ing to our representativo Mr Grant said " If any.roercantilo firm in this city has received an intimation from this com pany requesting settlement of our afcount against.tbem with the additional intimation that after June V> next the line would be run by the Government, I can only .say. that^it Aave authorised it Perhaps ono of our col leeton,no a spirit of over zeal, baa said something that might be construed into that 5"r*»r JP.ut if *°i ne h»s exceeded tits duty. Things remain just as they were " short time back when, as you are .course aware, we made a definite offer the .Government which contained some ¿Jight_conce»sious on the price originally asked, £1,125,000 ' Questioned as to the nature of the offer, Mr. Grant added, " It, was to sell at £1,129,000, but allow certain! reductions for difference of stock I cannot, say what that would amount to It multi be a variable item depending solely upon the' stores and slock, and would be a matter for adjustment. Itr could not of course very appreciably reduce the amount, but it is a eonisesslon on the original price. That offer includes the settlement of all matters in dis puto between the Government andthe colony. mrnOy, the action which ha« bean -'-*'. tried, the Privy Council . , .-,r"*«w nf nr£LWiulr vwuut. appeal now In course %JX*tnünZ, and the new suit in hand u.v.u involi es a sum of about £11,000 That is exactly bow things stand." The recent rains have done a large amount of good for the country. Until they came many paddocks of wheat looked decidedly " dickey," and the young plant* Seemed to be fighting for existence Now, the grqwing crops look strong and healthy, and a* the moisture sank' in More than plough deep, cultivating operations can proceed rapidly. The .agricultural statistics for the past year show that wheat ha* decreased in absolute yield and in|yield per acre, though 'the acreage itself bas considerably increased In the reporta of nearly every collector mention is made of the damage caused by rust, some districts losing as rauch as half the crop Barley and hops show decreases in acreage and yield. Oat* and potatoes have increased in'botb yield and acreage, though the yield per acre is slightly below that of the previous year.r 'Hay,'apples, and pear* have consider- ably increased, absolutely and relatively. Land in cropland land in permanent artifl cially sewngra**»*Jaçreaiie nearly the same) show iüwrea*e»-«rw)87 and 11,695 acres I respectively. ~ ^T The Rev. Charle« Clark was lecturing at the Hobart Town Hall last week Hi» re ception ha» been that of an old friend, and hi» audience» have been large and enthusias- tic. Thblecturen on "Thelower of London" and " Weeeminater Abbey " were full of cul- ture su»4^S»»tQric research, and that on "iDicktM?, wai^Lchanniiig exposition of »onie of hu cMuM passages rather than'a narrative of tab MÇtbor's life. Mr Clark is now m Adelaide, 7 j ¡ _(Tbf. alteration» at the Hobart Theatre Ronu'ar«) now .well ander neigh. They are to nn, abolit three months, the improve mante be'effected Doing of a very extensive character. When- finished we shall have at last a theatre worthy of the city The New Temperance Hall ia being utilised as a place' of public entertainment. The Oogill Brother« and. Slade Murray provide .the fare under.Mr. J. S. Smith's management» The bill is decidedlyof the lively order. An exhibition of D'Arcy Read's Ghost was an nouncecV*/few days ago to be commenced at the Skating Rink, but the idea has for the present collapsed, and the rollers »till hold »way. Meurs Hubert Arnold and Maughan Barnett gave a concert on * the 2nd' (nat., under Vice-Regal patronage., The principal attrape« was thfappeartmy^f Missler** | Harrison, A.R.A.M, who holds high<«r«V derjtiall from1 the Bnglish Prtss.'and'Who gained additional laurel« here. 1 1 ) ' -'Tasmanian-bred jhorses have particularly distinguished themselves in various parts of Australia during the M past week .or two. Harbinger, by [Albert-Bashful, and,.brad by Mr. Sydney Page,, after dead-heat- ing with another of his countrymen, Ernani,' in the Adelaide "Birthday ¡Clip, beat the. latter by a head in the run- off. Harbinger, ridden by Power, carried Tit. .61b., .and ran the mile; and a half in 2min. 41sec aud 2min. 44J*ec., Ernani having 121b. more in the saddle, On Saturday Harbinger, with 8 rider, .was made favourite for the A.R.O. , Handicap, 1J miles, and one of the promi- | nent runners at tho finish/having the bad , luck to run wide, the son of Albert was en- , abled to win by a head in the capital time , of »min. 6seo. At Williamstown (Vic.) on ¡ Saturday, Rebecca, by Horatio-Jewess, was Even her first ranon Victorian soil, and she i tat the field easily in the Steeplechase, j carrying 10*t 71b., and ridden by Carey. At I the same meet Green Isle was made favourite for til« Bay View ' Handicap, one mile. Betsy, a full aUtar to Ardue, bad previously ?fl^pjffrt Iftaat fur tim *Btntpn ffMnlftfYinT repeated tho trick in front of Green Isle and five or six others. _Dr*tk_hiU^beenjrej:y.bnay-in-TMmanu, ln>rThorn«r'JrCrouchr,an old and highly respected member of ithe'temperanceparty, Mr. John Scott, a member of the Legislative Council, Mr. Henry Cook; for many year» a naeful public citizen ot Hobart, and31 r. Walter Webster, a prominent sportsman, have all passed away during the fortnight. Reckoning from May 1, our co'stnn» have contained announcement» of the death» of 27 person», all over the age of GO years. Of these the youngest i¡ waa 61 year» and the oldest til years. The total of the »hole is 1880 yearn, and this «ives an average for the 27 of VU 23 years. The number of deaths of people below the age of GO years wa» com- paratively small.' In the late autumn bach year the old people die off rapidly, but this year la ori/yw i» responsible for a greater number than usual, i, ? , , ', The Hobart Marine Board are discovering that tho sweeping reduction» made in light dues by Parliament last session will leave them with a deficiency. For the first months of the present year the receipts show a falling oil of ovor 25 per cent., although the tonnage at the port has increased. The expenses, too. are much higher, owing to the additional lighthouses to be maintained. The Talune, the T.S.N. Co.'s new., steamship is daily ex- pected here. She is said to be a splendid specimen of marina architecture-a welcome intimation, when aome of their present old fashioned boats are considered. A few days azi fio Marine Board of Hobart instituted in- quiries regarding tbe boataccoraraodatiou on intercolonial steamer» The Tasmanian Steam Navigation Co. came out of the trial With flying colour». The U.S.S. Co.'» now steamer Monowai was expected hero on 'hor way to Dunedin. Hobartiana expected a treat, as the lavish'manner in which this company tit np their boats, is well known. She, however, went direct to Dunedin, but will be at Hobart shortly a» she ¿is to be put in the Melbourne trade. The R.M.S.S. Coptic from London arrived here on Juno 1st. She experienced' pleasant weather throughout and the passengers seemed to havo thoroughly enjoyed themselves. , During the past fortnight the -following vessels, other than intercolonial steamers and coasters have arrived -.HJütíe 1st, K.M.8.B. Coptic, from London ; panton, »,s.,i from, London HO Launceston. The following have sailed : Coptic for, New Zealand, S, F. Hersey ¡for Newcastle, brig , Prospero,, for Adelaide Several vesaeis 'are' now on their way from English and American ports, and may arrive any moment, / ( , j '' ' ' , . t The main .sewer, draining the City of Col- lingwood, Melbourne; has been burst open by an explosion 'Of ' sewer gas. . A flagstone weighing'2cW-tr waa' blown-20ft. in the air. On reaching Vere-Street the, ?volume of gas split into two portions, one running along Wellington-street into Johnston-street, and tearing up all the lapping of the sewer in its courte, and,the other, by far the most power- ful volume, branched;.into, Vere-atrcot. cappiñg-stone 3ft. square was hurled on top I of a shop awning and scattered. No lives were lost., _, " ¡ Captain! Campbell; at one time naroour Master of Melbourne, has died, aged 83 He carne to the colonies in W15 ' 1 the Royal Mail Hotel at Aberfeldie has been burned to the ground A lodger named John Steel was burnt to death ¡ \ 'Mr. Jas McLacki», chief,clerk in the Victorian Water Supply Department, is'-to succeed'Mr Call as City Police Magistrate J Mr. R 'Chirnside'* greyhounds sold at auction realised good Jprkcaa "One"went aodgns, others ltOgns., 120gns, lOOgns, 62 Archibald Knight,'broker, of Caulfield, has filed his schedule. Debts, t £49,1.«, J«SStsJJtl2l275u_jPause,_J)urst j)f JheJland Doom. Melbourne coffee-palace*.are not paying well. Shareholders "in the Grand Hotel learnt at the half yearly meeting that the profits were too small , , . i it The Kilt Court (Victoria) has decided in favour of Francis W. Addie, who brought an action against the Foreign and Colonial Ex- change Bank to recover'£ilî,180 penalties for publishing in Victoria an advertisement containing misleading statements as to its capital, i I - Charles Rivers Allpress, defaulting clerk of the Collingwood brauch of the Commercial Bank, has been committed for trill, , , The new railway line from Kerang'to Swan Hill has been opened with great Cere- mony. ' I ^=Hwberr=KelrlonerTme'of the Melbourne land boom commission agents, has been charged withi-obtalnlng' £8,106 by false pre i" The sporting action Kelly v O ill, damages £5,000, for Blander,-has been concluded Defendant alleged that plaintiff had stopped Moorbank when running for the Caulhold Cup. Verdict for plaintiff-£5 damages ' Messrs A. Williamson, Geo Askew, and F A Buskett have been acquitted of the charge of conspiring to defraud Flinders Lane merchants of £10,000 l The Victorian revenue for the 11 months of the financial year amount to £7,8,19,057, or £202,661 over the estimate The Assembly is still debating the want of confidence (notion. The Government have a certain majority The amendments are that I the expenditure of the colony has been unduly increased ! that no plan of Federation will be , sanctioned by the House that does not leave with the Assembly of Victoria sole control, over taxation ..in victoria, and to preserve. intact1 the rights of the House to deal .with' railways, landa, public works, and all national resources and assets of the colony < The charges against tho directors of the Pre Inner Permanent BuildingSociety of conjiilrinc ,"J"Í-«,-»..-«--...(.uhiesi,j. Hedrick UJ II Holton (auditors), of falsifying boota h¿ I been dealt with. The latter cafe has closed and the decisión of the Court is reserved S the former is concluded. T«"«a until Me* iSputh Wales! celebrated Queen's Birthday by a general holiday TUo ïSSSS,? was rather j wet Lord Carrington reviewed the troops at/ Moore park, and entertained a large party at dinner In the evening , Sir Henry Parkes is progressing rapidly towards recovery The broken bones of his lerareknitting satisfactorily. Tuesday, the f»th tilt, was the 7Sth anniversary of hu birthday, and he was made the recipient of many congratulations., ) ¡ ) The sires and mares of the Hobartville stud (numbering 55) have realised; le,S55gns at ' Dr. John McLeod, formerly of Woolhara, found guilty of bigamy, has been remanded for sentence. His first wife has obtained a divorce from him on the ground of cruelty and adultery. Kemp ia offering to row O'Connor for the championship. i A railway accident ha» occurred on the line from '-Sydney to Bourke. The axle of a goods'truck broke, the coupling» parted, and one of the carriage» wa», telescoped, injuring »everaljpassengers. -"' Mr. Wallis'motion to abolish the tea duty in N.S. W. ha» been defeated by 26 to l8. , The South Australian Parliament has been opened. Mr., Jenkin»; Col«, wa» . elected Speaker., The Governor »tated^hat a new loan,will net be required. Amongst measure» propoiedare a progressive tax on unimproved lanas, local option, electoral amendment, re- mission of duty on tea, cottee, cocoa, and keroaene, and reduction of duty on sugar. A man named Allen Robertson .has been found hiding in a hut in South Australia. He hid been without food and water for 23 days trying to die. < ¡ < ' The Postmaster-General of¡ New Zealand ha» received Information that,,the United State» Governmeqt have tiropoaed to grant a «ibiidy.of £34,009 for a monthly mail service between San Francisco and, Auckland to 8ydney, or £72,000 for a fortnightly service. 