Story Column. A Born Coquette. BY MRS. HUNGERFORD. Anttorof " Molly Bawn," " Phyllis," " Lady Brankamere," " The DnoheBS," &o.;, to. ALL queensland bights bhskbvbd. CHAPTER XXIV. And she vras flattered, worshipped, bored. "Oh! gone— yes," says Nan wearily; "I wish I oonld say for go. d." " Bnt are yon sure, certain. I thought she would like to i ee me again Yon saw her go ?" " Arrah, raia-, didn't yo hear her go? asks Mr. Murphy, who has been giving the battered old' pieces of silver a severe oleaning, and is now replacing seme of them upon the side board. " Fuix the clatther o' thim ridioklus shoes ov hers goin' down the steps a miunit once, would have waked the seven sleepers were they SBorin." " She's gone, indeed, for a season," says Man discontentedly, ' 1 after being about as dis agreeable as ever she conld be. Suoh a tempor. And all because she is afraid her bonnet will be spoiled. I nevor met anyone whose remarks are so fall of the most execrably bad taste. And the worst of it is we have got to endure her. No hope of escape. I wish," with a half-comic sigh, "that somebody would ran away with her." A cbuokle from the veteran at the sideboard here attracts their attention. ".Run away wid her, iB it?" says he. "Pegs, yo neodn't think yo'll get rid of her that way. Divil a bit farther any daoent man would get wid her than the first lamp- post, anyhow." "Did she say anything more about me?" questions Penelope anxiously. " No. She coafinod the rest of her conver sation to a treatise on the parfeotion of Mr. Burnt. She went away indignant, because I failed to see it was my duty to marry him simply on account oi his being rioher than his neighbours." "Did sho spake to you like that? Fair, quare as she is, she has glimmers o' eiuse some times," says Mr. Mnrphy, addressing an anoient eandelabrnm. " I don't holiove phe'a got one bit of con- Boienoe," goes on Nan, hotly, " to try and induce me to marry a man 1 don't care a pin about. It is disgraceful of her. dust because she married for money herself, she thinks all the world shonld go and do likewise." "Mercenary old thing," says Gladys. "Yon are quite right, never listen to a word she says." " Oh, wisha, Miss Gladys. May the saints give ye wisdom," mutters Murphy, holding up his hands and the mustard-pot in dismay. "I" really begin to hate Mr. Hume," says Nan, with a little frown. " I hear nothing but his name, morniDg, noon, and night. One would think he was the last man left alive." " Poor Mr. Hume! It is a shame to visit all this on him," says Penelope, gently. "After all, it iB not his fault, and surely he is very much to he liked." "More power to ye, Miss Penolope," says Mr. Murphy to the salver. " Now there goes wan raieonajble girl, the heavens be praised." "No, he isn't," Bays Nan fractious!/, mind ful of last evening's ekirmish with that young man. "He is both conceited and masterful. I oan't hear him. I wish that horrid old noble of bis was alive, and then wo should not he annoyed by his presence here." "He's a very bind man." Bays Penolope reproaohfully. "Indeed, Nan, I think the only fanlt yon see in him is that he is in love with you." " Yes, really now, Nan, yon must confess he is gocd-natnred," said Gladys. " And as to thofaot of his. loving yon being eonsidered a fanlt, well, that's a harsh way of looking at things." " I wish a few more people with his fault would come down here," says Penelope, laugh ing, " that is if I might ho the object of their failing." " I wish yon were Mr. Hume's objeot," deolurea Nan petulantly ; "I confess I am tired to death of him— his name, his place, his money, his distinotly ugly faoe." ' " Fegn an' all MisB Nan, ye onght to he ashamed of yerself," says Mr. Murphy, laying down the oruetstand with a bang. " There's Providence has thrown the biggeBt bit of look that iver came to Rathmoro into yer lap, and ye're that ungrateful that ye'ro a'most past praying for." " Et tu Brute!" cries Nan, turning upon him, not Angrily, however, quite jiyously. That she is amused is apparent, and this quick change in her from despondency to mirth is hardly taken notice of by the others, so rapid are ever her transitions from mood to mood. She Btnnds now silently looking at Murphy, as though inviting him to enter the lists, and battle it ont with her, but that wory old warrior, not understanding her war-ory, wisely refrains from making answer to it. A dim belief (born of bcr late truoulent demeanour) that she has called him a brute is the one idea her words have oonveyed to him. " You are as bad as Aunt Julia," says Nan, sodding her bead at him. " I believe yon, too, are devoid of oonsoience." " Oh _! don't say that, me dear. Don't ye, now, Mies Nan. I've always lived a quiet an' peaceable life, an' there'b no man oan pint the finger ' scorn at mo. 'Tis ail for yer own gcoi I spake, me dear, an' that" — solemnly — "ye know. A bad oonsoience is a bad thing !' says Mr. Murphy, with deep meaning. " An of no service to anyone. Ye'll mind Mike O'Bafferty, Mies Penelope ? Him as buried the wife a month ago?" " Yes, the saddler's man." says Penelope. " The same, miBS. Well — hero's now for a rale bad oonsoience for ye ! Herself wasn't onwld in the grave a fortnight or less, when Mike began oourtin' afresh that girl o' tho Donovans, all for the sake o' the pig an' the feather bed that belongs to hor. Ye know her too, miss, don't ye ? A fat latherrawn of a girl widont a word to throw to a dog. Well, anyhow, that's her piothor, an' Miko thought good o' makin' her an' tho pig bis own. But, fags, miss, the Wife, ye may bo sore, had a Wuid to say about that, though her lodgin' was onthooowld ground. There was no fear she'd atand bein' deserted in Bioh a poworful hurry ; an the long an' tho short of it is that she ap peared to him !" " Nonsense, Murphy !" says Nan. Oh!" flinging wide his arms. " Divil a lie in it ! Up she throtted from the ohapel-yard an' stood up straight an' tall ho his bedside. As.sure as the day oame that ha wint to ooort Moll Donovan, that night heraelf would nome, an' stand over him in the dead pitch blnok- neee." " Bnt then how did he see her P" asks Pone- lope. " Oh, mo dear, snre ye know that sporits brings a light along o' thim. An awful ligbt; 'twould make ye soroech to see. For all the world like the shine ye'd make wid a luoifor matoh before stbrikin' it altogether," "Mnrphy, don't; you are making me oroep," eriea Nan, so tragically that the old man bo- lieveB her. " Give us the third volume, Murphy," says Gladys, who is honestly interested. " Has he given np Moll, and gone baok to his first allegianoe?" " Faix, no, me dear. 'Tis he's the onnning chap 1 He's found a way for bimsolf ont of lii throublo, and diddled the onld woman oom- plately. ' He still keeps on at the shop in the daytime, bnt for the night ho's taken a bed room over Con Oallaghnn's stables, and there he sleepB in olovor. DiokonB a bit o' the wife oonld find him iver sinco. He's done her en tirely for this turn. Did yo iver hoar o' each a knowin' blaggard ? An' wouldn't ye hnvo thought, now, Miss Nan, that a ghoBt would he more olever than that? To lot herself bo ontwitted by a mere mortial. Book at the power o' thravellin', miss, she must have done for the past month, an' the Bights she's seen. Glory bo, 'tis snrprisin' how advantages is thrown away upon somo people." "The viliago is small, she may find him yet," says Nan oonBolingly. " Well, they do say, miss, that she's on her rounds. . There's boen a lot of pinobin' an' pokin' felt by the folks at night dnring the past week. There was Mary Magniro found yelling t to kill herself tho other morning at daybreak, an' when they asked hor what ailed her at all, at all, she said sho felt tho big toenail bein' olean dragged off her by Mrs. O'Rafforty. The saints proteot ns ! Bnt isn't it a cruel thing, miss, that tho innocent should snffor for tho guilty ? However, there's one comfort," sayB Mnrphy piously, " tho hiring of that bodroom ivory night is costing him a purty penny." " Hero's Mr. Hume driving up to the door," orieB Gladys looking out of tho window. "Is ho oomo for yon, Nan ?" "Yes, ho said ho'd drive mo to Glandoro. There, run and talk to him, while I put on my hat," says Nan, flying out of tho room. OHAPTER XXV. Like ghosts, palo drifts of mournful light (Stretch in the west, and on tho night Look with sad faces, wan and white. Long before Hume and Miss Delaney have reached Glandore, tho latter has regained her norma) frame of mind, that happy frame that aearule renders her the moat delightful of companions. Of oil the Deianoys — and they are as happy-go- lnoky a people as yon oould find— she is the gayest, the merriest, the most likely to adapt herself to any oircumstances, however untoward, that might fall to her lot. The swift rushing through the air — chilly, as if in anticipation of some ooming change — be hind the two high-stepping hays, raises her spirits to suoh an altitude that the past worries of the morning fade into inBignifioanoe and seem indeed scarce worthy of, a thought. Lighter than thistledown they now lie upon her memory. Trotting tho horses with rather a reckless speed down that last steep little hill that leads to the pier, Hume brings them up smartly, and the dingy being in readiness, Nan and he aro rowed across to tho Zephyr, to find thatthongh already very late ns to tho fixed hour of ap pointment they are tho first arrivals. " Dirty-looking weather, sir, I'm afraid," says the oaptain, Gregson, spoaking to Home over Nan's shoulder, aa he gives her his hand np the ladder. " Oh, oome. Mr. Gregson, yon mustn't say that," orieB Nan gaily. " I am here to enjoy myself, and yon won't he the one to prevent me, will yon f" She beams upon tho eaptain as she says this with suoh delicately flashed oheeks, and deep appealing eyes, that no man with half a heart conld resiGt her. "No, miss. No, indeed, Mies Delsney. It's true I've seen worse days than this torn out very well towards evening." " Then this evening ?" nska Nan anxi ously, " you think it will bo lovoly — eh ?" "It may, miss; it may, indeed," says Gregson, refusing to let his ooneoience have fair play. How can he damp tho spirits of this pretty young lady, who is so plainly depending upon him to let her have a pleasant afternoon. If sho has chosen to elect him as her clerk of the weather for this special day, is he to be the ono to refuse to do her allogiance? From the first hour on whioh Bhe had stepped aboard his employer's yaebt, now some weoks ago, be baa succumbed to her charms — to her gentle, friendly way of treating him and all the other sailors. "Mr. Leslie's party not oome yet?" says Hume, more as a remark than a question. " No, sir ; not as yet. Something's kept them, I suppose." The something, whatever it is, keeps them so long that at last it dawns npon tho minds of those waiting for them on board the yacht that, in probability, they do not mean to come at all. "Tco bad if they have really thrown ub over," says Hume, coming up to Nan, after a brief consultation with Gregson, who has just given it as bis opinion that ths Leslies are weather- wise folk. "You think they won't come then?" says Nan, in a disappointed tone. "Well, yon see it is growing late." " Bnt not so very late. It is only beoauss the day is dark that it looks so like evening." Tho disappointment is growing more intense. "You see— Gregson says— he believes they mistrust the day." As be sayB this he is conscious of a feeling that he is in fault some how. "Really? Oh ! how horrid of them ! JuBt like Jack Leslie ; Buch a girl of a man, always afraid of a wet jacket. And," defiantly, "it isn't going to rain either." "There aro worse things than rain ! I don't fanoy," smiling, " he was afraid of that or of anything, indeed, beyond tho fact that I shouldn't take out the yacht. Gregson says " " Gregson says it will be a grand evening," EayB Nan promptly. " I asked bim about it and he said that. If Jack wasn't afraid of his jaoket he was afraid of seasiokness. There iB," with a steady look at him, " nothing else to fear. Even it — ontside there " — pointing to the sea ontside be harbour, " it shonld bo a little rough, who cares nbout that?" TVbo, indeed, with those largo dRrk entreat ing eyes fixed on bis ? But then the defalca tion of the Leslies bad left her without a obaperone. Gould he possibly — no matter how keenly she may desire this sail tbnt ho can give her, and ho alone— could he possibly take her out with bim, and keep her away from her friends for so many hours, without another woman, without . No, it is not to be thought of ! Here he turns to say so, as gently sb bo can, and once more meets her questioning eyes. They are growing almost pathetic now. Whereupon bo etoels his heart. No, certainly it is not be thought of fcr a moment. Those earnest beseeching eyes still hold him. Well — at all events— if it is to be thought of — it is to be thought of for a long time first. " I'm so distressed about it all," he says, sitting down besido her, and looking really un happy. " To think you should havo had yonr tiring drive here all for nothing." " But why for nothiDg ?" "Because I suppose I must now take yon home again ?" " Oh, don't say that," says Nan, her eyes filling with tears. "Must I go home, and without even cne delightful rush through tho waves? Not even one sail ! And it is so early yer. Could we not go ont for even an hour or so ? Just," coaxingly, " for ono little hour?" "After all, I don't see that it conld make much difference," says Hnme, He tarns ta Gregson, who is near — " What about a short sail, Gregson ?" says be. "As yon will, sir," says Gregson, and half an hour later sees them ontside the harbour running Bwiftly eastwards before a strong and ever-inorea6ing wind. They have passed Adam and Eve now — the two islands that stand at the month of the harbonr - and bnvo left them so far behind that the flocks of blaok divers perched on their heights look less liko birds than rows of ragged edges of rook. " Like the teeth of a giant's oomb," says Nan with a little laugh, so full of purest en joy ment that it does Hume's heart good to hear it. Ae she speaks Bhe shakes out of hor pretty hair, the salt drops of spray that an admiring ocean baB flung at her. " How yon like the sea !" says Hume. "That is too poor a word ; I love it. Do you know," with a little touoh of gravity that sits Bweeily on her, " I don't believo I should ever have grown quite strong again, ii it hadn't been for thiB yaoht, and therefore — kindly — " for yon. All the spring and early snmmer I was laid low by that hateful fever, and then came that first day on board this boat— oat at sea, with ibe fresh breeze blowing round me, and the dash of tho salt waves in my faoe, and the Bweot, mild smoll of tho Bea everywhere. Oh, it put new life into me !" " Did it ?" says ho slowly. And then, a little quicker, "I wonder if you oan guess at tho now lifo yon put into mo ?' ' Ho chocks himself here, ashamed of him self. It is not the timo or plaoa to betray his love for her. "Oomo down and have some lanoh," he sayB abruptly, in as matter of foot a touo as he can conjure up at a momont when his heart is bo fall of joyfal hope. Far out at sea the fishing boats can be seen ; somo near, some so many miles distant that they shew but indistinotly against tho grey horizon, and are half lost in a delioato olond of mist. All seem, howover, to ho making for homo oven thns early in tho afternoon ; and ono by ono tboy pass thorn by, tho Zephyr rushing' ever onwards, making a perfeot pioturo against the dark green of the ocean, with her white saile shining like silvor in tbo sullen light. Fast Millkoove' Harbour now tboy go, and now Shttpsoova is left behind, and they are looting almost into Rosb Bay, lying snugly between two hills, and with the spiro of St. Fanghnan's Cathedral — that most anoient of , Baints— rising high above the gravoyard trees. 1 Below is the coastguard station gloaming anow-whito, over there the verdant woods of Cregane, mounting from sea to sky. And now all this is forgotten, and they hsvo loft behind them not only Castle Hamo frowning down upon tho angry waves, hat tho lighthouse at the Galley Head, that good friend to those " that go down to the sea in ships, that do business in groat waters." The sea bos grown the colonr of an ivy leaf, and hero and thero great handB of palost green lie between dork hordore. Tho sky is lowering, and seems as if it grew towards the ocean, whilst the sweet drifting mists of evening have ohsnged into a wild, wet shower, mingled with a hoarse and rising gale of wind that rashes through tho sails with angry dofiant ehrioks. Whilst from tho rocka and tiny islois lying round, and now half hidden by the clouds of foam that tho violent waters have oast upwards to the frowning heavens, thousands of seagulls rise, and with disoordant cries fly inland as though sooutiug the ooming storm. And now -all at onoe — with an awful sud denness, the evening dies, and night descends ; within five minutes, or perhaps a little more, tho outline o the coast disappears, and dark- nesB sett'es on both sea and land. The whits wings of the terrified gnlls vanish as if by magic, and aa if hy magic too, the whole ex panse of heaven seems on fire— peal after peal of thunder rends the air — a mighty wind, let Ioobo, rushes across the deep. Tbo storm so long impending has at length oanght earth and water in its fieroe embrace. OHAPTER XXVI. There sits a bird on every tree Bing heigh-ho I There sits a bird on every tree. Anil counts biu lovo, as I da thee; Sing heigh-liot and hcigli-ho I Young mnids must marry It is many hoars later, and now long past midnight, and yet still the storm is raging in all its fnry. When first it hurst upon them, Humo and Mr. Gregson had made an effort to ran far Boss Bay, n wild thought that re sulted in absolute fallare, ana now the Zephyr is tearing onward through the heavy seas, straining every nervo as might a living thing to resist the frenzy of the gale. _ The night is as blaok as pitch, the heavens like an inky clond soem to hung close by, almost within reach of their hands, should tbey uplift them. Behind them — far behind them now— the light from the Galley Head flashes upon the darkness, the one touoh of sympathy frcm those on land that roaches them. As the good yaobt plunges into the trough of tho seas, to rise again on eaoh gigantic wave, this burning steadfast light seems to tho anxious men on hoard liko tho grasp of a friendly hand. Now and again, too, brilliant streaks of lightning light up the scene, showing the hills and vales of tho wild sea, and the ourling snowy foam on the topB of tbo angry waves that have hardly time to he blown away hy the fierce wind, ere darkness falls again. Hnmo, taking advantage of a moment, when there seems to be a lull in the storm, runs down tho stairB to the saloon, to find Nan clinging to a eofa, pale, and with largo gleam ing eyes. Bhe compels herself to composure, however, and even conjures np a small smile to greet him. " Well, this oan'tgo onforever, that'sonocom- fort," says the young man, sick at heart for her, because of that poor little miserablo smile, yet speaking with an assumption of gaiety that he hardly hopes oan deceive her. " This storm is bound to go down before morning." "Morning !" says she, in alow tone, a voice so UDlike her nnuBual merry one that he almost starts. "Oh! Barely, it should he morning now?" "Has it seemed so long?" says Hume. "Oh, my poor girl, what anight it has been for yon." "A night!" says Bho, with another wan little smile. " Has it indeed been only one night or a whole year of nights pressed into one? But," feverishly, "it must end Boon. When will the day break ? Toll me that ? What makes it su long in coming ? Is it tho storm that makes it still so dark ?" Hnme gianoea at tho clock to see it had stopped at half-puet 11. Evidently she has no idea of tho real time, and he finds now a diffi culty in enlightening her, so many hours mast still elapse before the welcome daylight greets her. " Of oourse, suoh weather as this darkens everything," ho says evasively. " But why don't you lie down ? Why not try to sleep. In my cabin in there yon might make yoarself comfortable, and " "Oh, sleep !" Bays she. " You think you couldn' t, but yon are so exhausted that yon might sink into unconscious ness after a bit in spite of yourself. Do try it." " To lie down would madden mo," Bays she slowly. " To he able to move about is the only thing that helps me. To he aiono is horrible. Oh ; how long yon woro before you oamo down now." She Btops and turns her eyes intently upon him. "Shall we bo drowned ?" sho Bays with a curious steadiness. " Nooscdsc ! Don't giva placo to suoh a thought. Nau, is that how you have passed the night— in such fear as that?" Involun tarily ho moves closer to her, and takes hor cold hand and presses it between both his own. " I wish to heaven," he says, romorsefully, 1 ' that I had not brought you out to-day." "No use thinking about that now; and it wasn't your fault. I persnadod you against your better judgment. Besides," with a gontle glance, "if, as you say, thero is really no danger, why wo may yet live to laugh at this hour, and . when we get safoly back to land, we Ah, uh, whatls that !" A resounding orash overhead. Pressing her hack upon tho sofa, he rashes on deck to find the mainmast has been carried away. This last touch of malice seema to mark the end of the storm ; it iB plainly dying out. Tho sea, however, is still rnnning mountains high, and ths yaoht, disabled ns it is, fights with it hut feebly. Overhead the donss blaoknesB has lifted romowhat, and a star ot two oan bo distinotly seen. Notwithstanding these signs of approaching oalm, the wind still blows n hurricane, and drives the yaoht before it at full speed. The men having out free the dismantledmast, the boat once again righte itself, and Hume, who throughout the oommotion has seen be fore him shining out of the darkness of tho night the silent terrified eyes of Nan, and remembered too, with what oruel want of ceremony and sympathy he hBd forced hor baok upon the sofa and left, her— hurries down to her once moro. Tho fear that she may have fainted thero, alone, with no loving hand to help her, has been hannting him with persis tency that has half unnerved him. But that Bho has been quite sensible of all the horrors of the last hour is quite plain to him as ho enters the saloon. In ono moment sho is atil sitting on the sofa where ho had left her hut the next— she has risen, and rushed to him, and literally flung herself into his arms. "Nan !" says he, in a low voice, almost choked. To have her here, in his arms, of her own aooord I " Oh ! I am frightened — frightened !" ories Bhe, with a gasp, and then gives way altogether, worn out hy the ernel strain of ull this past mighty unrelieved terror, and laying her head npon his shoulder, she bursts into passionate sobs. "Darling! darling!" whispers Humo, holding her to him, as though to prove to her that he is strong enough to proteot her against ail harms as in this supreme momont ho feels he indeed is. "Take courage ; tho worst is ovor. There is no longer any dangor. There is not, I swear to yon. Think ! would I say that, if I still believed otherwise. I thank God that fear of any kind is at an end." But Nan still olings to him, hor Blender frame shaken by her sobs. "But what wob that awful noise?" she cries. " I thought it was the end. And yon — you loft mo. Oh, it was horrible to be here alone, without a soul to toll mo how long it would he, before I found myself struggling with the oold water. You should not have left mo. I wonder I did not go mad. And now — oven now— if there is hope," shivering, " it seems to have oomo too late — I cannot graBp it. How many hourB ago is it ?" " Scarcely ono, and I oould not havo oomo soonor." "Only one! I oan't remember how long ago it seems sinoo yon loft mo, bnt," sobbing fieshly, "quite a terrible long time ago at all events." As she says this she tightens tho grasp of her fingers on his arm, and presses oloser to him, as ! though onco again overcome by the tortures past. Humo, with a beating hoart, lifts tho trembling hand and presses it to his lips. Alis ! for ibe ono sweet moment when hie armB enoirolod her, she willing. And alas ! far the wild, glad, mad heliof that then entered into him, that it was for love sho hod thud turned to him, in her fear and troublo. All her nervousness Bho ories out upon his breast, thinking of him only, poor child, if she thinks at oil— as a friend, a holp— one who will feel with and for her. A senso of protection in the support of his armB soothes hor, and she is indeed so far weakened by nil sho has gone through, that she would have olnng to any friendly figure as sho now olings to him. He iB nothing to her beyond a fellow- sufferer— a being, saffioicntly well known and trusted to let her cry alond to him the fear that has been consuming her. But to Him, hoc tender rooognition of him ob a friend in time of troublo has had but one moaning. Surely she would not have thus oome to him, would not thus so sweotly have surrendered herself had not her hoart spokon. In hor misery, her despair, her lonolinens, she had rushed to him, had thrown herself gladly into his.acms. The word "gladly" he puts in with all modesty, yet with a sure and certain and thankful belief in the truth of it. One fact alcne escapes him, that in hor fear thero was no ono else to whom she could havo gone. 1 it will oe all over soon," says he, gently ; with ono hand he smoothes hor ruffled hair, putting it baok from her burniog forehead. Yet it is noticeable that in spite of this new joyful belief in her affection for him, he nevor attempts to kiss her. The pretty oval of her cheek lies cloar to him, though an almost un conquerable desire to press his lips to it urges him to the deed, he refrains. The very fact that she is his guest may have restrained him— or perhaps an unacknowledged, almost unknown donbt oi that love of her for him, of which hut now ho haB assured himself. "The clouds are breaking," he goes on presently. " Before I came down I saw a star or two, and though tho wind is stilt (strong, we no longer fear it. Come, now, that's good news, in't it?" " Yes, if one dared believe it," says she. with a long-drawn quivering sigh. " The last time yon oame down yon made quito light of our peril, too, and jet it was then that that awful sound reached me. What was it? I felt the yacht tremble all through. I thonght we were going down," she shudders. "Tho mainmast wis carriod away just then" "The big mast! Oh! how oan you say danger is at end ? How," reproaohfully, " can wo over get hack to Glandore without it ?' ' "Well," says he, pausing as if to choose his words, " yon must not think a mast is svery- tbirg. I promise you wo shall got to —to — land without it." " I don't think thero is any use in your say ing any more, thank you," says sho, in a touo of humblo resignation. " I know we aregoing lo he drowned, and, though lam sure yon moan to he kind, I think I shonld rather be prepared for it, then find myself all at once in the water without a seoend's warning. Tho shook would be lees, I think." " I know what's tho matter with yon," says he brightly. " You are hungry ; you are worn out ; yon want something to bring you up a rung or two. Now, sit down here, and hold on to tbo table while I got you something." He makes her sit down with nil the airs of a proprietor — unnoticed by her— but so delightful to him, that he feels bis heart brimming over with eostasy. She is his, surely. This terrible night— the thrice blessed night— has given her to him. His pulses were boating wildly, he e n hardly restrain the oontcnt that iB his ; it is with difficulty he Bubduos_ the happy smile that strives for maatery on his lips, as he opens a bottle of champagne, and compels her to take some of it. This, with a biscuit or two, is all he oan induoeher to take. " I think I am too tired to eat," says she at last, with a weary tittle laugh. The cham pagne has so far done hor good, that sho has consented to regard their position as being in one degree outside the jaws oi death. "Then you shall lie down," says he, still with that new delicious touch of authority in his whole air. And Nan, too worn ont to arguo further, and in truth longing to make welcome the Bleep that is already weighing down her eyelids, follows him to the door of his cabin. " Good night," Bays he, holdingher hand. "Good morning," returns she, with a f .iut return of her old gaiety, pointing to the stairs, down whioh tho first pile gleams oi coming day are ttealing. " True, true !" says Hnme. "May it he a happy one." He looks at her again, and lift ing his hand lays it upon his lips. to be continued on monday. 