I— NOVELETTES. " ' THE QUEEN 01? TUB MAY. By Wm. IIeruerx Roiuson.' . CHAPTER IV. : (continued.). "I ground my tooth and was about starting up and rushing out when the outer door was opened and I could hear Mary's footfall, I know it well, upon the floor. She entered tlio room whore I was>i2jfjtad, but whether she was dazzled! the light, or whether showas so preoccupied with thinking of those, she had just left, she did not directly see mo. She walked towards the tablo, and I thought I never saw her look so beautiful, she had a bright tiut on hor cheeks and lips, and her eyes were dancing with "light; she was. richly dressed, far too richly for a country tradesman's wife, and I saw expensive jewellery on hor dress and in her hair. I must have moved, for she suddenly turned and saw me. I shall over remember her wtfd scream ; she started back from me, her eyes seemed starting from their sockets, her cheeks became pallid, and she would have fallen had I not rushed forward and caught her. . ' Mary ! Maty!' all ray old passionate love revived. ' Spoalc to mo, darling ; look up, darling ; oue word — ouo— ' but she had fainted. I cursed my impudonce — riiy absolute cruelty. Poor girl, why should I be jealous ? Why should I think evil of her. because she had been passing a few happy hours with her "old frionds and companions. I unfastened her dress, bathed hor temples with water, spoke to hor in tho most ondear- ing terms, and kissod again and again her now pale, cold lips. But sho had been very much startled, and for '.many minutes sho was as ono doad, and-I was about to call aloud for assistance, when she moved and shortly after opened her eyes. ' Mary; darling, Mary, don't you know me?' 'Yes, John,' she faltered out. Sho raised her head, looked mo full in the face, laid her hand caressingly on my. cheek, vit was an old habit of hers, and as I felt the well known, soft, gentle douch I knew she loved me ' still and I : was happy. Is it — is it you, John ? Is it you?- Why did you frighten me so ? I thought you were a ghost, and was so horrified. When did you como, dear ? Ilavo you been hore long ?' """ . ' ' Never mind, darling, I will toll you , all about it to-morrow. You aro tired, and I was foolish onough not to re member jrou would bo frightened to see me at this time of the morning sitting alone in the room.' ' You aro not angry, Joliu ?' .'No, dear.' she knew hotter ; sho saw there ' i a wearyi ' far-away look about mo, / al detected, I am sure sho did, a sad- J aess in the tones of my voice. \- Sho raised herself up, placed her hands / on my shoulders, and gazing into my f eyes with a strange, - wistful look, lifting hor faco to mino, she said— ' Kiss me, John.' I caught her to my bosom, kissed her \- v again and again. She withdrew Irom my arms, and as she did so sho sighed softly — # 'Poor, dear," John,' she almost sobbed out, 'you are a good, good man.' . - ' WherejpFanny, Mary ? I dou't see her. VmS you not take her with you ?' " Her faco- flushod, and then half laughing said— 'No, John; she's not yet quite old enough to be introduced. She is quite safe and well, and snug in bed. Mother always takes care of her when I'm away.' ' Alwnys takes care- of hor ! Aro you then so often away ?' said I. ' No, not very often ; but whenl came home everybody was so pleased to see me, and made such a fuss with me; that I am quite Unable to refuse the invitations that are sent me. I am obliged to accept them, or I should offeud half thopeopje'in the village, and aro aware I am a bad hand at saying ' no.' ' ' Well, we won't say any more about it to-night ; it is neariV four o'clock, and you must liaye been away from baby more than eight hours.' , '"Well, .John, and what then, mother takes as much care of her as I can, and I don't suppose you would like me to drag Fanny about with me wherever I go.' There was an unpleasant ring in lier voice, when she said this, I had not heard before. The instrument was out of tun?. She and I both knew it, but I took ho notice of it and merely said — 'No, dear, no ; but let us go to bed and we will have lots of chat in the morning, and make arrangements about going home.' ' Home.' she murmured, 'Oh, yes, home, your home.' ' And yours, dear Mary.' 1 Oh, yes, mine, John. Como, John, como and look at baby.' Wo went upstairs, to our bedroom where my pot was lying fast asleep. As I looked upon hor slumbering so calmly, her pretty round cheeks flushed, and one tiny hand lying on hor naked shoulder, I wondered how her mother could' leave her for as many inomonts as sho had hours, or let others lull hor to ..sleep. I stooped down and kissed her pouting, rosy lips, and breathed a prayer to Heaven to bless and shigld hor. I fancied, when 1 looked upon her, that I saw a shadu- stealing across tho path of- lier younglfe and as I raised myself up I lookca at Mary, and saw an ex pression in hor faco which increased tho uncomfortable fooling that had taken such sudden possession of mo, and which I could not shake off. However, I did not say anything ; I did not want to make Mary unhappy, nor load hor to believe that I was anything but pleased at being with her and Fanny.again. Next day I. asked Mary in a kind of joking manner whether she wub ready to start for homo." She did not directly answer .me, and I repeated the question. "! Sho started, looked at mo fixedly, And in - a lovj, firm voice; said — .V; ' No, John, I am not.' ' Mary !' : ' John !' ; . I knew the battlo was. about to begin ; I trembled for the results: Who was to win, she or I? I folk bitterly aware tliat lior love for 'rap:: was .not .what it bad been. I knew at once that my, waking dream of : happiness -was ovoiy and that henceforth my homo would bo a cold and comfortloss ono yihd that we should each of us in- the long futuro seek our happi ness if not apart in body still apart in heart. , : f . - ; Not ready togo home, Mary ?' said I calmly, for I was determined to keep my touipoi'. ' You know. I banuot afford to stay away from business, aud whoro I am you ought to bo. . Surely you don't want me to go back alone ? You are not tired of me yet ?' ' What noiisense you aro talking; John. ; Of course! aiivnot, tired of you1, of couvso I ought to bo wboro you are- no, you ought to bo wliero I am. Now, dear John, I will tell you all about it, and you must not bo cross.' She came to mo, sat upon- my knee, and put hor arm round my neck. - What havo you to toll mo, Mary?' I said, kissing hor. I could not holp it, although I knew she was about to make somo request, which she was aware I could not conscientiously grant. But she lookodso winning and pretty, so liko what she was on the day when sho told me in tho churchyard that sho would be iny wife, that I put liiy arm round her waist and kissed lier again. . ' Well, John, you know that— that— ' ' But I don't know, dear.' 'That I am happier hero than. I am in your village. 'Happier, why? What is, who is there to make y op unhappy ? Father, mother, and tho boys love you dearly, you havo lots of friends there, you do as you please, yoii live in comfort, I deny you nothing, and try early and late to make you happy.' , , "This is all quite true, -John, but tho fact is,' and bore she began to speak rapidly, 'the fact is, although your father and mother mean well, and want to be kind to me, and aro so .after thoir fashion, still they cannot -help showing in a thousand ways that they 'think I am not the woman you ought to havo married. Ploh.se don't interrupt mo, John ; your mother, without- 'know ing the harm she is doing, is continually laughing at me for being a bad house keeper. She appears to be under the impression that nobody can do anything perfectly but herself. If I try to learn, her manner plainly tolls , mo that she knows I shall never succeed. I am wrong about baby, I am wrong about tho manner iu which I food, nurse, and dress her. I can't cook, I can't scrub, and I, can't wash. I can't cut out a dress to please hor, or do up my hair liko a sensible young woman. Those and other things nearly drovo mo mad. What right has sho to interfere? I don't want to learn to wash, scrub, and cook, and I will not. I am your wife and not your servant, and I am deter mined I will not go back and bo laughed and sneered at by people who don't care about mo, nor I about them. They can never lovo me, nor I (hem, and tliey ovidontly look upon you as a victim. Now, Johu, you know the truth, andl am quite sure it will ho for your good and mine, if you will givo up your house and business and comb and live hero, whero I shall bo at peace, and be mistress of my own house.' She got off my kueo and snt on a cliair by my side, and turned over the leaves of a book which was lying on the table. Had slio told mo all the truth ; was there nothing else ? In spite of mo tho face of Norton again peered into mino with a sneer. AVas I jealous ? Had I cause? Is it possible that my kind old mother, who, from my childhood I had so lovod, had driven my wife from my heart and my hearth. Suddenly the remarks she made wlion I told her I was nbout to be married, flashed across my mind, and I felt at once it was just possible that sho might, with tlie best intentions, have gone the very worst way to secure my happiness. ' You aro angry, John,' said my wife, looking suddenly up. < -\r« 1\T n itir T n,.-, nnlvnnffnn- l,„l- T 11 Uf v ) (kill nuu mufL y j uuu x (kiu deeply sorry. I cannot bolievo you are not tolling mo the truth, and that being tho case I dare not sacrifice your happi ness and mine by forcing you into a position false to me and unjust to yon. But you know if I remove I shall have to begin business again. I have a good one now, which is daily increasing, but which will drift from mo when I leave it, and you will miss many comforts lam now able to afford you.' ' I would sooner live upon a crust, John,' she exclaimed, passionately, ' yes, upon a crust, than bo subjected again to tho everlasting kind intentions of your mother, and ill concoalod sneers of your father, who smokes his pi po and nods his head, and smiles and looks wonderfully knowing when ho sees mo about my household work, or nursing baby, If you lovo mo, John, and I am sure you'do, you will not drag me from my parents, who, if I have faults, are not every day counting them on their fingers, and who, while they know I am not perfect aro not ovor ringing changes on my folly. I know as well as they do that I am not perfection, I never Shall be, and I don't want to bo, but I want to bo happy and gay -while I am young. I don't think I shall bo much better than 1' am, but if you insist upon my return ing home with you, I may becouio a groat deal worse. "You are bound to consider mo first, and tho likes and dis likes of your parents, so far as I am concerned, a long way second, and if you intend to bo the good husband you said you would be, before I married you, you will study my comfort and poace before anything else in tho world. But I hoar Fanny crying and I must go to her. Be a good boy and make up your mind to stop here, for be sure of it I will not stop there.' \ 1 She kissod mo on the forehead, and hastened out of the room, ns if she were afraid of hearing my reply, I was sa astpundod at what I had hoard, that I sat liko one just ' awakonod from a terrible dreatn. I-could not collect my thoughts, I looked around like one bewildered. Was this my pretty, con fiding, and gentle wife, , my lioart's darling, tho joy of my life, the light of my homo ? Could slip speak thus, and iu ouo short moment destroy that placid happiness I' hoped would have faded but with life ? She bad never complained to me, had never hinted alio was uncom fortable. She bad always been gay, smiling, and apparently as happy as a wife could be. Whon she left homo, I w.is certain she would como back on the day appointed. What could have happened ? Somotliing, I was confident, had occurred to make lier Bpeak to mo iu tho manner sho had. Had she framed a story for the purpose of carrying out somo after plan ? " It was possible— it was probable; , 'My.i God 1' said J, starting - up, 'It is certain. Sho is tireel of her .quiet home, and is longing of leading that life of gaiety to which sho had boon accustomed. She liked to be admirod, to-be fiattorod, aud to bo "followed. 1 saw all this "plainly, aud I know I had no power to prevent hor from doing as sho pleasod. But where- would it oud? Was there no oue in tho dark futuro who was waiting to steal, in and talco her from mb? Again that face! Was Norton at tho"; bottom oE all this, was 'ho tho demon ''hurrying her oh to destruction in order to be revenged upon mo ? 'I -will bo careful,' I said, 'and watchful. I- will not leave lier, nor shall slio tn'o, I will protect my poor lamb from tlio wolf. I will do uiy duty, so holp mo Heaven.'' After this I became composed, and in a . 'day or two I told Mary that I bad thought deeply ovor what she had said, and that as her happiness was my first consideration I would, break up my old homo and sottlo down ini her liiitivo village. . My fathor and mother and all my friends and neighbors were much sur prised and grieved ; but I did not toll them tlio causo. I merely said Mary and I wanted a liktlo change, and Mr. and Mrs. Gray, who wcro now old, wero anxious to havo my wife nenr them, as she was their only child. Thus, from a, want of firmnoss and strongth of mind, I laid tho axo to tho root of my happi ness, and sapped tho foundation of a fair edifice of prosperity. Well, Sir, I said ' Good-bye' to tho old homo and came to live iii tho new. I cannot say I . was cordially wolcouiod, the young man had not quite forgiven me for winning tlie prizes and carrying off tlio May Queen, whilo my olders, on moro tlian ono occasion, hinted somc- thing about my coming to look after old Gray's money. However, I did not talco much hoed of what was said, I obtainod plenty of work in and around' the village, and Mary seemed to try aucl make mo understand how deeply sho felt my kindness. And yet I ain quite sure sho watched mo, and that she know I was watching lier. The old lovo, the old confidence, and tho old peaco of mind had fled for ovor from both of uS. Mary was continually away from home ; sho always had an -excuse for going out. Many, many evenings I sat alone, and it was raro indeed that I did not brouk- fast by myself. But I bad no eaiise whateyer, so far as I coulcl see or. loaru, for jealousy. , I could always go with her if I pleasod, and sometimes did ; but I nevor cred much for company, and gradually left off going out at al, save to business, or to havo an hour's chat with old Gray and his wife, who were much attached to and always glad to bog mo. But why dwell upon . this ? Enough that I was wretched, and that there was not tlio slightest ehaneo of a return to that happy life which made so bright the firs! months after our marriage. I went about moodily and sullon ; I shunned mixing with my neighbors, and gradually obtained the. character of being a sullen, disagreeable follow. I heard my wife pitied, and not blainod.. It was. asserted by old and young; that I drovo hor from home, and that she was compelled to seek from mo those ploasures which she could not find with toe. Time rolled on, and rweivo, monens naa piapsou since i so cowardly and so foolishly acceded to Mary's wishes. It was ligdin May Day, and tlio holiday was kept with all due ceremony by the "lads and lasses, but I did not jojn iu tlie sports, indeed I was not present. In the evening there was to be a dance and supper at Mr. Gray's, and Ijdotermined I would not show till after sundown. After dinner I wentto my bedroom and took from the table drawer d .brace of pistols, and wajidorou away through the fields to the brook. I was a fair shot, and amused myself by firing at the swallows as they skimmed the wator, but I did not succeed in bringing one down, hut I killed a king-fisher; which I picked up and put, in tlio pocket of my shooting coat. I did nor- roach Mr. Gray's till nearly seven o'clock. Mary was waiting for me, and I wont with lier to the bedroom we always occupied. I took the pistol Brom my pocket aud placed them on tho 'drossiug table, washed myself, and went down stairs to meot the company, but in no good humor. I found that the gathoring was a largo one, grand pre-, paratibna had been made and I do not think a merrier evening was evor spent. About midnight Mary came to mo and told me that the old couple wero knocked up, and that they would thank .me to play tho part of host, soo tlio company out, and'closo the house after every one had left. I consented and did my best to make mysolf agreeabloand tlio- guests happy. At two o'clock Mary again came to mo and told mo she did not fool very well, that her head ached and that she meant to steal off to bod to baby. 'Mind, John,' slio said, ' don't let the people go till daylight, and be sure and fasten up the house — don't forget. I' shall lock? the door of my room, and I will be homo early in the morning in tiino to givo you your breakfast. Good night, John.' \- Sho kissed me and loft tho room.. I was very tired, but not sufficiently 'churlish to show.it, and I kept the fuu going until nearly four o'clock, when I thought I heard baby crying. I must, Sir, explain to you as well as I can, the manner. iu which the houso-was built, in order that you may undoi'Btaiid the more easily what I have to relate. The building, which had an upper storey, was long and irrogulav-; the private bedrooms wero situated at one ond of it, and in order to roach them it was noeessary to go along a stone pass age and up a flight of stairs. Tho room in which Mary slept was large and airy, and was onterod from a passage, tho doorway being opposite to the stairs; at ; tlio. .'foot of which was a door oponing iuto a yard. I told you I thought I , heard little Fanuy crying, and I was ; on the point of going to see what was the matter, when my name was called by ono of tho guests, and I turned round to loam what he wanted. I found the company rapidly dopavting, and that a fine old follow named TomliuB was about to propose my health. Of course it was proposed and responded to most vociferously, |I was pronounced ' a jolly good- follow ' in a vefy noisy, if not a very musical manner. "Three times threo,' followed, 'one more for the missus,. and; another for the baby,' and in a few minutes tho house -was as., quiet as if deserted. -: I fastened 'the doors with the exception of the one which led into the yard. I was in the act of. closing . that also, as I had made up my mind, as day would break in about an hour, to lie down on the sofa in tho parlor for a short sleep, and then go home to breakfast, when I again heard Fanny cry, and as I did not hoar her mother speak, I thought I would creep up stairs and listen. ' Mary is tired, poor girl, < I said, ' and' has fallen asleep,' I took off my boots pat' on a. pair, of slippers, and was about to. open the door, -forgetting at the moment that Mary told . me she should lock it, when I hoard her spoaking, I thought it was to tho baby, nnd turned to go back, when shojlaughed. I thought this strange, and stoppod and listonod. I hoard her say — ' There, now, bo off, tbey bave all gone, tho house is locked up ; tako care no oue hears you ; you had better go out by tho door than down the pear tree ; some ono might, see you.' I- was like, one rooted io the earth, still as a block of stono, and almost as senseless. Every nerve in my body was stiff. I. could not think, I could not cry out, though I know all ; her shame, my crushod manhood, hor sin and shame, my endless sorrow." Neilson rose from his cliair, walked up and down tho room in a state of almost frenzy. I had seen an angry .tiger pacing backwards and forwards in its don, ho was more foarful to look at. Ilia eyes wore blood-shot ; tho foam was on his lips, and ho struck out fiercely with his right arm. Suddenly ho stop- pod before a small side-board, snatched up a bottlo of brandy, filled a tumbler nearly half full, and staring mo in the flue drank it to the last drop, staggered to a chair, and bent his head into his knees. I never witnessed before nor since so awful an outbnrst of passionate and uncontrollable griof. I approached him and touched him on the shouldor. He looked lip ; I Btarted back with horror. Never shall I forget the look- lie gave me, it hauuts mo now, it will to my dying day. His lips moved, but no words came from between them, and I :wns about to ring the bell for Brookes when lie lifted his hand and shook his head. I again approached him, as I noared him he rose from his chair, and, in almost a firm voice, said— " Forgive no, Sir, I — I am better, but it maddened mo to speak of it, as it has maddened mo hundreds of times to think of it. Leave me, Sir, please, for a few moments, and I shall he myself again." I did ns he requested, I loft the room, and returned in about five minutes, when I. found Neilson apparently as calm as ho was when lie called upon mo about tlio tenders. He made no apology, did not refer to what had jnst taken place, hut went on with his story. (To be continued.) 