A Colonial Cantatrice. "The next time I come to Brisbane," said Kitty, drawing up her small figure in most dignified attitude, "I shall be a great singer. Let me see: the opera shall be Carmen—yes, that will do. You, Jack," she continued, gra ciously nodding her golden head in the direction of a tall, dark-faced young man, who sat moodily regarding the brilliant little figure in the Watteau dressing gown, " you, Jack, shall sit right in front with Daisy, and I, blazing with jewels and dressed in my famous robes from Worth, shall sweep down the stage, and, as I look up, you shall throw me a great bouquet of yellow roses right at my feet, and I shall stoop and lift them—so, and curtsey—so." And Kitty, spreading out the rose- garlanded dressing gown, made a dainty sweeping curtsey, which displayed to the distracted gaze of the gloomy young man the tiniest of feet in a bronze shoe. 44 Oh, Daisy! you sober, melancholy Daisy! why do you not smile ?" Kitty's sister turned her sensitive, pale face tft that flashing, flower-like one bending over her. Alas! those great, dreamy, violet eyes, with the expression of a meditative angel, looked all un seeingly on the bright face before her—what, to Daisy, was all the perfection of form and colour, the expression of face and movement, Kitty's bewildering brown eye3 with their dark lashes and brows, her pearl-tinted and carmine-hued skin, her small head with its crown of tightly drawn hair, which would stand up in Bhort, fuzzy, ray-like, golden threads, like a halo round her face, the tiny feet, the restless, ever-moving hands, and all the vivacity, tho charm, the beauty of Kitty. But one thing touched Daisy's heart, and that was Kitty's voioe; through it, with that wonderful intuition of beauty which the blind somehow possess, Daisy, in the darkness which compassed her young life, pictured her sister even more lovely than she was, though John Esmond would tell you that were im possible. For Kitty was to these two, her cousin and sister, the most dear and precious thing on earth ; and so thinks John Esmond this morning in sunshiny October, as he sits watching her with gloomy face, in the shabby boarding-houso drawing-room on Kangaroo Point. 44 Just think," resumes Kitty, ' 4 try to realise, vou two melancholy noople, what is meant bj FRANC D. CAMPBELL. seven pounds a week. I will tell you. For you, my 4rare pale Margaret,' nice food, strengthening wine, pretty dresses, and drives in a hansom. Oh yes!" in answer to a little movement of dissent from Daisy. "We can afford an occasional drive—and perhaps, my darling," and Kitty's little red mouth quivered, and her sweet eyes filled with big tears, " I shall at last have the golden key to open your eyes. Oh, Daisy! you will be able to see the trees and the flowers and all the wonderful things in this beautiful south, and—and" .But the longing hopelessness in those sightless orbs upturned so piteously to her own, broke up Kitty's wild prophesying, and, sinking down, she threw two tender arms rouud Daisy's neck, and cried passionately. 44 Why is it so ? Oh, Daisy! Daisy! if I could but make you see!" Daisy bent down, and, passing her small ner vous fingers over the tearful face, said plead ingly: 44 It is all so sudden, Kitty, and John thinks . . . you may not be safe; that you may not be able to keep this part, and if you fail, Kitty, Mrs. Smith might not care to have you back, and then" 44 You might have to descend to chorus sing ing," interjected John, " unless Uncle Pat Bhufiles off this mortal coil soon, and then you will be Lady Esmond." 441 shall be a great singer," was Kitty's de sided reply, in quiet determined tones, " and as you know, John, I have only promised to marry you conditionally. I might like some one else. A duke, a prince, or" 14 The Marquis de Carahas," was John's sug gestion, to which Kitty returned a disdainful look for answer, and, turning full to John Es mond, said: 441 shall be a prima donna next year; listen ! And spreading out her small hands, with an expression of contented joy, Kitty poured forth the bird- like, flute-like notes of 4 Ah, non Gungl',' and as John listened in a maze of disapproving adoration to the rapture of perfect sound, he knew in his heart that Kitty had not estimated her value at too lofty a term. She was, indeed, the possessor of oneot those rare voices whioh have from time to time been the delight of an admiring world. And his heart, whioh had beon at Kitty's feet since she was a tiny rosy girl in short frocks, sank heavily as' e realised all that voice, joined to her dainty beauty and sweet wilfulness, might bring to her." So John Esmond gave up his situation in the Brisbane lawyer's office, and determined, since Kitty was deaf to his appeal, to let fame and fortune go, and drudge on as teacher of musio and singing, till his Uncle Pat left him the baronetcy and £5000 a year, that he would at least follow her and be ready to protect her in the hard path she had ohosen to climb. For, since that morning when Kitty had sung to the astonished ears of the manager of the great opera oompany, and come out into the sunshine with her engagement a real and solid thing, in the shape of seven golden sovereigns in her hand, John had been filled with the terrible fear that all the knowledge whioh Kitty—inno cent, Btainleßß, girlish as Daisy's self—had to acquire might be too great a burden for the slender shoulders, and it would be his duty to follow and guard his darling. So when he presented himself and demanded a place in the chorus, the manager, with an eye to the future glory of his newly acquired treasure, gladly found a place for her kinsman. 44 The English-Italian Opera Company" have returned to Brisbane, and crowds flock nightly to hoar Miss Katherine Esmond, the lovely, gifted daughter of the great composer and organist who died so suddenly in the dim old Yorkshire Cathedral five years ago. Kitty is a success. Her voice is without rival. The women hate her, which is in itself sufficient guarantee of her worth. The men .adore her, and the manager.bows down and worships this most unique of prima donnas, who is never " ill," who can actually say what she meanß, and do as she promises, and is yet moderate in her demands. And the Press, in its facetious little way, alludes jokingly to the sanctity of the home life of a public singer who travels with a blind Bister, and is guarded jealously by a watch 3og cousin warranted to bite on the slenderest provocation. And Kitty? Kitty is day by day nearing the holy aim arid end of her labours, for Daisy's eyes will soon look upon her triumph; then perhaps she may confide to her all the difficulties that so sorely beset her daily path. But just now Kitty, whose whole heart is bound up in love for this pure loulod being whose sightless, childish eyes look so pleadingly up to her for help and guidance, has no confidant. John Esmond sees her struggles, but as yet it is not necessary for him to bring the weight of his strong arm to bear on her trouble, so he stands aloof. Could Daisy but know, could Daisy but understand, then Kitty could pour out her per- Elexedsoul; but as it is, it would indeed be ke telling one's temptations and troubles to Bome fair, still holy, image of sainted girlhood. So far does Daisy's blindness isolate her from the world. To her it is only in accordance with the eternal fitness of things that her 'sweet Kitty" should vanquish all rivals and jvercome obstacles by the glorious tones of her roice and the power of her beauty. Kitty had ilways been first and best to her, and it seemed quite a familiar idea that all the world should think in like manner. That men should set snares and plant pitfalls for beauty and genius was an unknown thing to the pure soul, which dwelt immaculate, dreaming in a spirit-peopled world of her own. And yet that night, when in playful fulfilment of Kitty's old prophecy John Esmond went round to the front, and hurled to her feet the promised bouquet of great, sweet-smelling yellow rosos, and as she gracefully spread out her silken robes and made him the mocking curtsey she had re hearsed in the shabby lodging a year ago, John followed her eyes, not to Daisy's pure, pale face or his own dark, anxious countenance, but to the full, dark, glowing gaze of eyes that watched her in much the same fashion as the hawk regards the blackbird before he makes the swoop which silences the sweet song for ever. 44 You will come," whispers Captain -»Vivian. 44 You will come to-night, Kitty; the' carriage will be at the stage door. Dodge that ferocious looking cousin of yours; I don't wanfhis kill joy face at my wedding ceremony." 44 And Daisy," falters Kitty, lifting her brown eyes to the passionate glowing face above her. 44 Daisy may come to you when you are ray wife," answers Captain Vivian with a cynical smile, knowing as he does that when Kitty leaves her sister they are parted for ever. "Do you think you want Daisy ?" 41 Want Daisy!" echoed Kitty. " Why Daisy cannot do without me." Captain Vivian looks uneasy, strange to say, in the great and horrible wrong he intends doing this girl, with all her wealth of beauty and genius. There is no suspicion of regret or remorse for his contemplated crime, save when he thinks of the dreamy, silent face, and blind, violet eyes that have sought so eagerly to understand why this man, from whom she with all her pure instincts shrinks vaguely, should make suoh change in one short month in her bright, airy Kitty. She felt somehow that he had supplanted her in her sister's heart, and knew all unknowingly that his love was not to tend to Kitty's happi ness. Just the night before had not John Esmond, his bronzed face all aglow, rushed into their flower-scented drawing- room with a black-bordered letter in his hand, and, throwing himself down at Kitty's feet, exolaimed, "At last, my Kitty! You will como home now! No more stage, no more work, and you shall have everything you wished for, and my pet Daisy shall go to Freiburg and have her eyes properly attended to. Kitty, Daisy, Sir Patrick is dead!" And Kitty ? Kitty turned her head away in troubled, anxious fashion, for this was some thing she had looked forward to in anxious dread for long enough. 44 Kitty!" said John hoarsely, "you will re member your promise—yon will be my wife ?" But Kitty's brown eyes had filled with tears, and she put out one little white hand and said: 44 Oh, John, I love you, but I oannot be your wife." And John without a word had stalked out with the letter crushed up in tbe palm of his hand, feeling that all the future was indeed a hopeless affair if Kitty did not share it. So Captain Vivian, having Kitty's promise, kisses the flower-tinted face, and with a heart throbbing with .passionate exultation goes out into the Christmas sunshine. Was not Kitty his! Beautiful Kitty, who had held her head so high, and had picked her way hitherto in such dainty fashion among the devious by.-ways and bewildering cross-paths of the maze of theatrical life—Kitty, who had seemed to many to have been upheld from among the throng by an angel hand I Yes! beautiful Kitty was his. 44 Daisy Esmond! Daisy Esmond 1 wake up," and Kitty's " dresser" bent over the sleeping girl and shook hor roughly. 44 Wake up, I tell you; Kitty is in danger I" 44 Kitty in danger!" In a moment Daisy is standing on the floor, her frail figure swaying, her quivering hands outstretched, helplessly feeling for the speaker. "What is it? Tell me. Is Kitty hurt ? Who are you ? Oh, quick! quick 1" 44 Listen," says a harsh voice. " I've sat and watohed you often, Daisy Esmond, when you've been waiting for your sister; ay, and I've watohed her, too! She's proud enough, that sister of yours, and like enough she'd think I was smirohing you by touching you. But, oh, I love you, Daisy Esmond, for you have the face of my dead baby—blind, it was like you— dead! starved! killed!—my little blind baby! Let me kiss you this onoe, Daisy Esmond, and I'll save that proud sister of yours. Take her this," sho went on, passionately kissing the blind eyes. "Take her this paper, it'll save her; you—you white dove, you oannot under stand. But listen, if this paper does not reach Kitty's hand before she leaves the. stage to night you'll never see her more in this world. This will save her from, a devil. Let nobody stop you, let nobody speak to you; go right to her, wherever she is, and put this in her hand. It's my marriage lines—it'll save her from worse than death. Go before I change my mind, for I hate her, I tell you, I hate her!" She caught up a long, white, fleecy Bhawl from the floor, and wrapped it loosely round the shivering girl, and, all unheeding the little bare feet and the streaming golden hair, hurried Daisy down the hotel staircase and out into the quiet street. In a few seconds they are at the wings in the Opera House. 44 Mind what I tell you—make her read the paper, let no one stop you." And giving the white-clad figure a little push, the woman disappeared. The opera is "La Sonnambula." The house is crammed from floor to ceiling. Hun dreds of people sit fascinated with eyes riveted on the swaying figure which is at this moment crossing the little bridge which leads the sleep ing heroine into the bed-chamber of the love stricken count. Kitty, with flowing hair and clinging drapery, with her starry brown eyes all vacant and her lithe figure swaying in unconscious unison with the soft violin sounds, is walking slowly on her way. And as she is followed by the hundreds of spell-bound eyes of the crowded house, she feels she is not only a great singer, but a great actress. In the supreme moment of the death-like stillness she feels herself the mistress of all these mind3. She, Kitty Esmond, the daughter of the Yorkshire organist, swaya with the might of the only irresistible ruler—Genius. When suddenly there comes in the height of her exaltation an uneasy feeling of being no longer the object of this intense and silent regard. The spell is still upon them, hut she knows it is no longer exercised by her. With one hand on the sill of the count's window she turns impulsively. She must know what this is ! When—Oh, Heaven! what is this ? There with tender bare feet and unbound hair, with one hand pressed tightly to her breast, and wide open violet eyes straining searchingly into space, comes the childish figure of her blind sister. Daisy with faltering footsteps comes slowly across the bridge, the precious paper which is to save Kitty clasped tightly in her hand. Where is Kitty? In this terrible silence eloquent of a multitude of gazing eyes, the violins quaver out a few more notes and then stop. The conductor with suspended baton sits immovable with eyes fixed on the pale face of "Miss Esmond's sister." The count wakes up from his theat rical slumber, and, rising on his elbow, regards with apprehension this veritable " Sonnam bula," ghost- like and shadowy. There ia a sudden exclamation. Daisy, nearing the unpro tected edge of the bridge which fronts the stage, sways, loses her foothold, and falls. In an instant Kitty is down on the stage beside her sister; she is still oonscious, and with piteous earnestness is turning her head from side to side, murmuring: 44Read the paper, Kitty! Kitty! read the paper!" Then, as her wandering fingers touch the long-sought face, she pushes the dresser's marriage certificate into Kitty's hand and lapses into unconsciousness. And Kitty reads the paper. 444Ha! ha! my noble captain,'" says the tall woman, as Captain Vivian turns away from the door of Kitty's apartments in the big hotel. 44 Not at home, eh ? What a shame! I guess that Miss Esmond '11 not be at home for some time. Still, you may let me pass, she'll see your wife," and with a flourish she passes on to the bedside of the girl whose face is like that of her lost baby. Kitty is still a singer. But to-night, as she draws a long, white, lace-covered dress from its soft paper coverings to display it to the admir ing eyes of her sister Daisy and sorrowful looking Mrs. Vivian, she thinks with a shudder that never, when as John Esmond's loved and guarded wife she looks back to her stage life, shall she forget the terrible risk, the tender love, and the angelic care which followed her footsteps and surrounded her life as a great sin 