F00TLIGHT FLASHES. "DANDY DICK." A Splendid Play. '?MACBETH' A GREAT SUCCESS. 'Boccaccio' Drawing. HARRY IUOKARDS COINING HONEY. The Allinnibra Doing Well— Melbourne Notes —Items of Interest. At the Criterion Pinero's farcical comedy Dandy Dick has caught on in an unmis takable manner. On Saturday night there was a bumper audience for the initial per formance. On Monday there was another packed house, when the Vice-Regal party were present, and again last night "stand ing room" only was announced. The reason of this success is easily explained - a crisply written little racy comedy, well mounted, and capitally acted. By this time everyone knows that Dandy Dick is a racehorse, upon whose trip to St. Marvell's Racecourse hinges the whole of the plot. We don't see Dandy, but we do see his part owner, Georgiana Tidman, a charming and \- pardon the incongruity - at the same time very slangy, young, or should we say middle-aged lady. We also learn that Dandy - despite the fact that owing to a fire he has lost his tail - wins the St. Marvell's Stakes or Handicap, in point of fact, to quote "George Tid," his owner's sporting cog nomen, he wins in a walk, and she annexes some some "fifteen hundred" in bets over and above half of the stakes. The poor old Dean, however, who went nap on the sup posed good thing - he had fifty pounds on - although he comes out of his troubles safely, does not succeed financially, owing to his commissioner, Mr. Blore, having made a little "mistake." As the Rev. Augustin Jedd Mr. Anson is simply immense, and has scored a decided success. His make-up is simply perfect, and his bye-play with his old butler, especially when he gets him to work a little commission, is in Mr. Anson's very happiest style. As Sir Tristram Mardon, who part owns Dandy, Mr. E. C. Corlesse is to be congratulated, but somehow or another Messrs. Frank Cates and Cecil Ward don't quite please us as the cavalrymen. Not that the gentlemen named do not act con scientiously and well, but the characters appear somewhat overdrawn - perhaps the author's fault. Mr. J. F. Catheart, as Mr. Blore, the butler, gives one of the best-bits of acting seen in Sydney for some time, and decidedly can claim a large share of the honour of the success of the piece. Mr. Robert Brough, as the rural policeman, Top ping, gives a very clever sketch; his make up, rich brogue, and his "Hannah" (gruffly to his wife), followed after a pause by "Darling" (gently), fairly fetches down the house. Mr. Owen Harris does well as the groom, Hatcham as Mr. Harris makes up cor rectly and looks the part to the life. Of the ladies, Mrs. Robert Brough does exceedingly well as the sporting willow, "George Tid." This class of lady is not one that we are fond of, but Mrs. Brough makes her a delightful character - racy, but of the right sort. A word of praise is also due to Mrs. Brough for the way she dresses the part, simply capitally. Miss Annie Taylor does all that is possible as Hannah, formerly the Dean's cook, now the Policeman's wife; and the Misses Florence Harcourt and Lilian Seccombe are perfectly satisfactory as the Dean's daughters, Salome and Sheba. The scenery reflects highly on Mr. Hedley Churchward, and, in con clusion, Dandy Dick should fill the Cri terion for many a day - or rather night - to come. * * * Macbeth has made a decided hit at Her Majesty's, and Mr. Geo. Eignold is to be congratulated upon another big production. Shakespearian plays to be a success must lio. lavishly mounted, well acted and the stage-management in able hands. Since the first night mtucbtth showh sign3 of cou siderablo improvement, and all the characters aro now well played. Mr. Rignold. still makes STtuliath some what tamo during tiio earlier scones, but lie rises to the occasion as the play pro gresses, and, when he consults the witches the second time, clearly fchows ho 'is not afraid of mortals or immortals. It may be tho courage of despair makes him fight Mncduif with vigor, but when ho hints he will not stoop to kiss the ground boforo youmr Malcolm's feet, it proves hu declines to give in even when the odds are against him. His terror at the sight of Bantjuo's ghost would appal even the stoutest heart, and it is but natural ho should shun to murder Duncan sleeping peacefully' as an honored guest under his roof. Mr. Bignoid's lino physique eminently fits him for such characters as Macbeth. ' * * * Miss Aclmrch's Lady Macboth is excel lent from the first, and it is a remarkably successful performance. AVliat little Macbeth lacks to screw his courage to the sticking point she supplies. She ia strong ?where he is weak, but her woman's frailty of nature shows itself when she breaks down after the banquet scene. Mr. Charrington has improved as Macduff, and Mr. .Flemming could not be better suited than in tho part of Malcolm, which he makes one of the most prominent in the piece. Mr. Hazlitt's Eanquo is also good, and as stage manager he shines to per fection. Tho ?witches are cleverly played, and a word of praise is due to Messrs. Stirling Whyte and J. Sweeney for the parts they undertake of tho wounded officer aiid tho porter. Mr. Frank Kugarde has composed . most of the incidental music, which is appropriate, and reilects credit upon his ability. Macbeth should fill Her. Majesty's for many nights to come. ? * * Opera is still the attraction at the Eoyal ; Puccxccio draws good houses. The success of l\\*ul Jones has been almost equalled, if not quite; by its successor. It is a decided advantage to have two such talented artistes as Miss Nellie Stewart and Madame Marian Burton to take alternate turns at Hoccaccio. It lends fresh interest to the production, and also takes a considerable amount of hard work off each of tho prin cipals. So much has been written in praiso of BoeracHo that it would be almost superfluous to write more. The acting all xound is excellent, and the scenery and Costumes could not bo betto'r. The orches trais a treat in itself, and it is worth while going to tho theatre in time to hear the overture. Mr. John Wallace, it is needless to say, stages the piece to perfection. * . * ??,?'?'' ' ?'. Harry Bickards has had a long and suc cessful season at the School of Arts Hall, which is crowded nightly. The new comedy, DlcGowan, the Millionaire, lias taken tho place of In a Fog, and it is quite iss ?amusing. The Road to Buin shows Mr. Eickarda at his best. His comic songs are excruciatingly funny. The whole of the company act their several character ports well. According to present arrangements Mr. Eickards can hardly anticipate tho Beason closing: for some weeks. * * * At tho Alhambra the burlesque of tiirline the Lively has run into the third ?week, and in addition a Btrorig programme containing inpjiy specialties. Tho Connor Kro3. give an acrobatic display ; Sam liowley s Irish business is good ; Messrs. banning, Dowus/.and Cowan also give an attractive performance.. The '.;' burlesqun , \- i ' t'\ gooa an vroto na evoi1, and during raoo wook the company may oxpeofc to do great busi ness. « ?»? :? Tho Cycloraina is open ovory day, and the Balllo of Gettysburg still draws vtho people ? Mr. J. B, Hiokio, of tho Opera IIouso, ?Brisbane, lias been in town during the week and has recoi vod several novelties. Tho llontague-Turnor Opera Company open on tho iJOtli, and Mr. Fred Duval will be ahead of tho show. Mr. Hickio is an old and experienced thoatrical manager. Ho had tho old Theatre Royal in Brisbane, and may be said to have donp more for catering for the peoplo of that city, in tho theatrical lino, than any olhor manager. * ? * Mr. Fred Hisoocks will open Mb new thotytro in Castloroagh-stroot'as noon as it is completed, winch he expects will be in a: few months time. * * # ' Melbourne Notes. The Victoria Hall continues to bo fairly patronised by the lovers of variety busi ness. ' * * ' # Mr. Slade Murray has struct oil at the Gaiety, which has been very well sup ported during tho week. * , » * . Mr. Hubert O'Grady made his bow before an Australian audienco at this theatre on Saturday evening in his own play entitled famine. . ?* * * School at tho Bijou has proved a success, Mr. Titheradgo is playing Jack Poyntz and Mr. D. Boucicault Beau Farintosh, the part takon by Mr. Anson in Sydney. * ?' # * Mr. Bland Holt and his company havo boon playing Alone in London at the Alexandra during last week, and the bill was changed to the Union Jack on Satur day. ' ? ?';. * * * ? ? Fun on thi Bristol still holds the stage at the Opera House, and di-aws houses un influoncod even by tho strike, which it must bo acknowledged has been tolling seriously 'clsewhore upon tho attendance. a # * At tho Royal Miss Eugenio Duggan and Mr. P. J. Dnggan have appeared in Romeo anil Juliet, Mr. Duggan talcing the part of Mercutio, while Mr. Inuian played Eomeo, a character he appeared in with success with Miss Essio Jenyns. * ' # * Last week closed Mrs. Potter's season at tho Princess' Theatre. If is gratifying to be able to record that this lady succeeded in leaving a more favorable impression upon the minds of Melbourne playgoers than her opening performances seemed to warrant. * * * Dorothy has been revived at the Prin cess' with the following cast: — Dorothy Bantam, Miss Clara Merivale ; Lydia Haw thorne, Miss Fannio Liddiavd; Phillia Tuppitt, Miss Ida Osborne ; Mrs. Privott, Mrs. Edouin Dryers Lady Betty, Miss Katie Potter ; Heoffroy Wilder, Mr. Leu mane ; Harry Sherwood, Mr. Charles Ryley (his first appearance in Australia) ; Squire Bantam, Mr. Howard Vernon; John Tuppitt, Mr. T. Grundyj Tom Strutt, Mr. W. llosovear; Lurcher, Mr. W. Elton. /Vic Mikado, Pepita, and The Gondoliers follow. Mr. Henry Bracy is the stago managor and Mr. Leon Caron conductor. ° ? * * ? * News Fbom All Pabtb. Mrs. Potter proposes to return to Eng land shortly. * ? * * Mr. F. Maeeaba (Begone Dull Care) is touring Tasmania. * * * Mr. Pinero, tho Eea says, is holiday making near Haslemere, Surrey. * * '* Mr. G. C. Miln is still peregrinating 'the provinces popularising Shakespeare. * #? * A Struggle for Life will bo brought out at the Avenue Theatre on or about Sep tember 15. - - . * it #? Frank Woston (Wizard oil), who was' reported defunct, is in Melbourne and very much alive. *. * _?#.-. Miss Watt-Tanner will support the present Princess' Theatre company for a short season at Adelaide. » * * It is rumored from London that Lady Dunlo is likely to appear in melodrama at an early date. Sho is said to be rehearsing for the part of Countess Claucarty. Dion Boucicault's Tale of a Coat was produced at Philadelphia on August 4,1 with Mr. Sol Smith Russell in the leading part. The play was well received. e * * Sweet Lavmdtr has boRnJadaptod for the German stage by Emil Pohl, and is now in course of translation into Italian for pre sentation at Florence and elsewhere. * * # Mr. Walter Reynolds, of Blackburn, has come forward to dispute Mr. Christie Murray's claim to be tho first English dramatist who over produced a play at tho ? Antipodes. As farbac.k as 1877 Mr. Rey nolds .states that he brought out in Mel bourne a play entitled Oold, and Alloy, in which Mr. Fred Thome, of tho London Vaudeville, enacted a leading part. Since then he has produced two other plays in Sydnoy. : - ?. ? * # * ? , Mis3 Mym Kemble, who is about to re turn in the Orizaba, has purchased tho Australian rights of a new comedy, by Mr. F. AV. Broughton, called .4 Peer of the Uea'im. The work has not yet been played except for copyright purposes, biit will bo produced during the next London season. It will be remembered that Miss Kemble went over to consult a London physician. She has beon under the care of Dr. Braxton Hicks, who insisted on his patient taking absolute rest. Hence Miss Kemble has had to decline tho various offers of engage ments that she has received. Australians will be glad to hear she returns home thoroughly restored to health. Mr. E. i1. Cunningham, the young Victorian tenor, who is studying in London, made a very successful first appearance in Aitgust at a concert given by the Lyric Club. He has also boon engaged to sing at the pro menade concerts at Covent Garden. Miss Amy Sherwin has been engaged for 20 nights in connection with the same series of concerts. * ??*???»? A London critic says: — ' I took iny friend to the Haymarket to sample Tfiat Qirl. That Ohl is a new, comedy, by Henry Hamilton and Mrs. Beringer, written for the exploitation of. Miss Vora Beringer, the original Littlo ? Lord Fnuntleroy. On this occasion the clover little lady plays the part of an American enfant terrible, a young lady of .12 — a sort of feminine Puck— in tho shortest of frocks, and silkiest of stockings. Tho motive of tho piece is by no means now. A shady, half-pay captain, ' living in the Alpes Vaudoises, has a charming young daughter. An unscrupulous young man, Broretbn, who has been rooked by the father is refused by . the daughter, and seeks re venge. He writes to the daughter in the name of Phillip Challoner, a gentleman whom he believes to he his rival. The daughter does love Challoner, and replies to the letters.' Challoner, however, has no definite intontions, but when he learns the cruel deception practised on the daughter ho pities her, and as pity is akin to love ho eventually marries her. Little Miss Vera Eeringer has absolutely no connec-. tion with tho story, save that sho is tho 12-year old daughter of an American 'widow, Mrs. Cyrus P. Dodgo, a character, very cleverly impersonated by Miss Helen1 Leigh. Mr. C. .W., Somerset was very good as the shady militaire; and the piece was well received hya good house. . 