THE STORY-TELLER. A SET OF CHESSMEN. By Richard Marsh. CHAPTER 1. " But, Monsieur, perceive how magnificent they are ! There is not in Finistère, there is not in Brittany, nay, it is certain there is not in France so superb a set of chessmen. And ivory! And the carving - observe, for example, the variety of detail." They certainly were a curious set of chessmen, magnificent in a way, but curious first of all. As Monsieur Bobineau remarked, holding a rook in one hand and a knight in the other, the care paid to detail by the carver were really surprising. But two hundred and fifty francs ! For a set of chessmen ! "So, so, my friend. I am willing to admit that the work is good - in a kind of way. But two hundred and fifty francs ! If it were fifty, now ?" "Fifty !" Up went M. Bobineau's shoulders, and down went M. Bobinean's head between them, in the fashion of those toys which are pulled by a string. " Ah, mon Dieu ! Monsieur laughs at me !" And there came another voluble declaration of their merits. They certainly were a curious set. I really think they were the most curious set I ever saw. I would have preferred them, for instance, to anything they have at South Kensington, and they have some remarkable examples there. And, of course, the price was small. But when one has only five thousand francs a year for everything, two hundred and fifty being taken away - and for a set of chessmen - does leave a vacancy behind. vacancy behind. I asked Bobineau where he got them. Business was slack that sunny afternoon \- it seemed to me that I was the only customer he ever had, but that must have been a delusion on my part. Report said he was a warm man, one of Morlaix's warmest men, and his queer old shop in the queer old Grande Rue - Grande Rue ! what a name for an alley !-containing many things which are valuable as well as queer. But there at least: was no other customer in sight just then, so Bobineau told me all the taie. It seemed there had been a M. Funichon \- Auguste Funichon - no, not a Breton, a Parisian, a true Parisian, who had come and settled down in the commune of Plouigneau, over the gare. This Monsieur Funichon was, for example, a little - well, a little - a little exalted, let us say. It is true that the country people said he was stark mad, but Bobineau, for his part, said no, no, no ! It is not necessary because one is eccentric that one is mad. Here Bobineau looked at me out of the corner of his eye. Are not the English, of all people, the most eccentric, and yet it is not known to all the world that they are, necessarily, stark mad ? This M. Fuuichon was not rich, quite the contrary. It was a little place he lived in - the merest cottage, in fact. And in it he lived alone, and, according to report, there was only one thing he did all day and all night long, and that was, play chess. It appears that he was that rarest and most amiable of imbeciles, a chess maniac. Is there such a word ? "What a life!" said M. Bobineau. " Figure it to yourself ! To do nothing nothing!-but play chess! "They say M. Bobineau looked round him with an air of mystery -" they say he starved himself to death. He was so besotted by his miserable chess that he forgot absolutely forgot, this imbecile - to eat." That was what M. Bobineau said they said. It required a vigorous effort of the imagination to quite take it in. To what a state of forgetfulness must a man arrive at before he forgets to eat ! But whether M. Funichou forgot to eat, or whether he didn't, at least he died, and being dead they sold his goods - why they sold them was not quite clear - but at the sale M. Bobineau was the chief purchaser. One of the chief lots was the set of ivory chessmen which had caught my eyes. They were the dead man's favourite set and no wonder ! Bobineau was of the opinion that if he had had his way he would have had them buried with him in his grave. " It is said," he whispered, again with the glance of mystery around, "that they found him dead, seated at the table, the chessmen on the board, his hand on the White rook, which was giving mate to the adversary's king." Either what a vivid imagination had Bobineau, or what odd things the people said ! One pictures the old man, seated all alone, with his last breath finishing his game. Well, I bought the set of ivory chessmen. At this time of day I freely admit that they were cheap at 250f. - dirt cheap, indeed ; but a hundred was all I paid. I knew Bobineau so well - I dare say he bought them for twenty-five. As I bore them triumphantly away my mind was occupied by thoughts of their original possessor. I was filled by quite a sentimental tenderness as I meditated on the part they had played, according to Bobineau, in that last scene. But St. Servan drove all those thoughts away. Philippe Henri de St. Servan was rather a difficult person to get on with. It was with him that I shared at this time my apartment on the place. " Let us see !" I remarked when I got in ; " what have I here ?" He was seated, his country pipe in his mouth, at the open window, looking down upon the river. The Havre boat was making ready to start - at Morlaix the nautical event of the week. There was quite a bustle on the quay. St. Servan just looked round, and then looked back again. I sat down and untied my purchase. " 1 think there have been criticisms derogatory criticisms - passed by a certain person upon a certain set of chessmen. Perhaps that person will ex- plain what he has to say to these." St. Servan marched up to the table. He looked at them through his half-closed eye-lids. " Toys !" was all he said. "Perhaps ! Yet toys which made a tragedy. Have you ever heard of the name of Funichon ?" By a slight movement of his grizzly-grey eyebrows he intimated that it was possible he had. "These chessmen belonged to him. He had just finished a game with them when they found him dead - the winning piece, a white rook, was in his hand. Suggest an epitaph to be placed over his grave. There's a picture for a painter, eh?" " Bah ! He was a Communist !" That was all St. Servan said. And so saying, St. Servan turned away to look out of the window at the Havre boat again. That was an end of M. Funichon \- for him. Not that he meant exactly what he said. He simply meant that M. Funichon was not Legitimist - out of sympathy with the gentlemen who met, and decayed, visibly, before the naked eye, at the club on the other side of the place. With St. Servan not to be Legitimist meant to be nothing at all - out of his range of vision absolutely. Seeing that was so, it is strange he should have borne with me as he did. But he was a wonderful old man. CHAPTER II. We played our first game with the ivory chessmen when St. Servan returned from the club. I am free to confess that it was an occasion for me. I had dusted all the pieces and had the board all laid when St. Servan entered, and when we drew for choice of moves the dominant feeling in my mind was the thought of the dead man sitting all alone, with the white rook in his hand. There was an odour of sanctity about the affair for me - a whiff of air in the land of ghosts. Nevertheless, my loins were girded up, and I was prepared to bear myself as a man in the strife. We were curiously well matched, St. Servan and I. We had played 220 games, and, putting draws aside, each had scored the same number of wins. He had his days, and so had I, At one time I was eleven gamea ahead, but I since that thrice-blessed hour I had not scored a single game. He had tracked me steadily, and eventually had made the scores exactly tied. In these latter days, it had grown with him to be an article of faith that as a chess player I was quite played out and there was a time when I had thought the same of him ! He won the move, and then, as usual, there came an interval for reflection. The worst thing about St. Servan - I regarded from a chess-playing point of view - was that he took such a time to begin. When a man has opened his game it is excusable, laudable, indeed - if he pauses to reflect for a reasonable length of time. But I never knew a man who was so fond of reflection before a move was made. As a rule, that absurd habit of his had quite an irritating effect upon my nerves; but that evening I felt quite,cool and prepared to sit him out. There we sat, both smoking our great pipes, he staring at the board and I at him. He put out his hand, almost touched a piece, and then, with a start, he drew it back again. An interval - the same pantomime again. Another interval - and a repetition of the pantomime. I puffed a cloud of smoke into the air and softly sighed. I knew he had been ten minutes by my watch. Possibly the sigh had a stimulating effect, for he suddenly stretched out his hand and moved queen's knight's pawn a single square. I was startled. He was great at book openings, that was the absurdest part of it. He would lead you to suppose that he was meditating something - quite original, and then would perhaps - begin with fool's mate after all. He, at least, had never tried queen's knight's pawn a single square before. I considered a reply. Pray let it be understood - though I would not ; have confessed it to St. Servan for the world that I am no player. I am wedded to the game for an hour or two at night, or per - adventure, of an afternoon at times, but I shall never be admitted to its inner mysteries - never ! not if I outspan Methuselah. I am not built that way. St. Servan and I were two children who loving the sea, dabbled their feet in the shallows left by the tide. I have no doubt there are a dozen replies to that opening of his, but I did not know one of them. I had some hazy idea of developing a game of my own, while keeping an eye on his, and for that purpose put out my hand to move the queen's pawn two, when I felt my wrist grasped by-well, by what felt uncommonly like an invisible hand. I was so startled that I almost dropped my pipe. I drew my hand back again, and was conscious of the slight detaining pressure of unseen fingers. Of course it was hallucination, but it seemed so real, and was so unexpected, that- well, I settled my pipe more firmly between my lips - it had all but fallen from my month - and took a whiff or two - to calm my nerves, I glanced up, cautiously, to see if St. Servan noticed my unusual behaviour, but his eyes were fixed stonily upon the board. After a moment's hesitation - it was absurd ! - I stretched out my hand again. The hallucination was repeated, and in very tangible form. I was distinctly conscious of my wrist being wrenched aside and guided to a piece I had never meant to touch, and almost before I was aware of it, instead of the move I had meant to make, I had made a servile copy of St. Servan's opening - I had moved queen's knight's pawn a single square ! To adopt the language of the late Dick Swiveller, "that was a staggerer." I own that for an instant I was staggered. I could do nothing else but stare. For at least ten seconds I forgot to smoke, I was conscious that when St. Servan saw my move he knitted his brows. Then the usual interval of reflection came again. Half unconsciously I watched him. When, as I supposed, he had decided on his move, he stretched out his hand, as I had done, and also, as I had done, he drew it back again. I was a little startled - he seemed a little startled, too. There was a momentary pause ; back went his hand again, and, by way of varying the monotony, he moved king's knight's pawn a single square. I wondered, and held my peace. There might be a gambit based upon these lines, or there might not, but since I was quite clear that I knew no reply to such an opening, I thought I would try s little experiment, and put out my hand, not with the slightest conception of any particular move in my head, but simply to see what happened. Instantly a grasp fastened on my wrist ; my hand was guided to king's knight's pawn a single square. This was getting, from every point of view, to be distinctly interesting. The chessmen appeared to be possessed of a property of which Bobineau had been unaware. I caught myself wondering , if he would have insisted on a higher price if he had known it. Curiosities nowadays do fetch such fancy sums - and what price for a ghost ? They appeared to be automatic chessmen - automatic in a sense entirely their own. Having made my move, or having had somebody else's move made for me, which is perhaps the more exact way of putting it, I contemplated my antagonist. When he saw what I had done, or what somebody else had done - the things are equal - St. Servan frowned. He belongs to the bony variety, the people who would not loll ia a chair to save their lives - his aspect struck me as being even more poker-like than usual. He meditated his reply an unconscionable length of time, the more unconscionable since I strongly doubted if it would be his reply after all. But at last he showed signs of action. He kept his eyes fixed steadily upon the board, his frown became pronounced, and he began to raise his hand. I write "'began," because it was a process which took some time. Cautiously he brought it up, inch by inch. But no sooner had he brought it over the board than his behaviour became quite singular. He positively glared, and to my eyes seemed to be having a struggle with his own right hand. A struggle in which he was worsted, for he leaned back in his seat with a curiously discomfited air. He had moved queen's rook's pawn two squares - the automatic principle which impelled the chessmen seemed to have a partiality for pawns. It was my turn for reflection. I presssd the tobacco down in my pipe, and thought - or tried to think it out. Was it an hallucination, and was St. Servan the victim of hallucination too ? Had I moved those pawns spontaneously, actuated by the impulse of my own free will, or hadn't ? And what was the meaning of the little scene I had just observed ? Ï am a tolerably strong man. It would require no slight exercise of force to compel me to move one piece when I had made up my mind that I would move another piece instead. I had been told, and not altogether untruly, that the rigidity of my right wrist resembles iron. I have not spent so much time in the tennis-court and fencing-room for nothing. I had tried one experiment, I thought I wonld try another. I made up my mind that I would move queen's pawn two - stop me who stop can. I felt that St. Servan in his turn was watching me. Preposterously easy though the feat may appear to be, I resolved on its performance, I was conscious of an unusual degree of cerebral excitement a sort of feeling of do or die. But. as, in spite of the feeling, I didn't do, it was perhaps as well I didn't die. Intending to keep complete control over my own muscles, I raised my right hand, probably to the fall as cautiously as St. Servan had done. I approached the queen's pawn. I was just about to seize the piece when that unseen grasp fastened on my wrist. I paused, with something of the feeling which induces the wrestler to pause before entering on the veritable tug of war. For one thing I was desirous to satisfy myself as to the nature of the grasp - what it was that seemed to grasp me. It seamed to be a hand. The fingers went over the back of my wrist, and the thumb beneath. The fingers were long and thin--it was altogether a slender hand. But it seemed to ha a man's hand, and an old man's hand at that. The skin was tough and wrinkled, clammy and cold. On the little finger there was a ring, and on the first joint,there appeared to be something of the nature of a wart. I should say that it was anything but a beautiful hand, it was altogether too attenuated and claw-like, and I would have bet that it was yellow with age. At first the pressure was slight, almost as slight as the touch of a baby's hand, with a gentle inclination to one side. But as I kept my own hand firm, stiff, resolved upon my own move, with, as it were, a sudden snap, the pressure tightened, and not a little to my discomfiture, I felt my wrist held as in an iron vice. Then, as it must have seemed to St. Servan, who, I was aware, was still keenly watching me, I began to struggle with my own hand. The spectacle might have been fun to him, but the reality was, at that moment anything but fun to me. I was dragged to one side. Another hand was fastened upon mine. My fingers were forced open - I had tightly clenched my fist to enable me to better resist - my wrist was forced down, my fingers were closed upon a piece, I was compelled to move it forward, my fingers were unfastened to replace the piece upon the board. The completed, the unseen grasp instantly relaxed, and I was free, or appeared to be free, again to call my hand my own. I had moved queen's rook's pawn two squares. This may seem comical enough to read about, but it was anything but comical to feel. When the thing was done I stared at St. Servan, and St. Servan stared at me. We stared at each other, I suppose, a good long minute, then I broke the pause. "Anything the matter ?" I enquired. He put up his hand and curled his moustache, and, if I may say so, he curled his lip as well. "Do you notice anything odd about - about the game?" As I spoke about the game, I motioned my hand towards the brand-new set of chess men. He looked at me with hard suspicious eyes. " Is it a trick of yours ?" he asked. " Is what a trick of mine ?" " If you do not know then how should I?" I drew a whiff or two from my pipe, looking at him keenly all the time, then signed toward the board with my hand. "It's your move," I said. He merely inclined his head. There was a momentary pause. When he stretched out his hand he suddenly snatched it back again, and half started from his seat with a stifled execration. "Did you feel anything upon your wrist ?" I asked. " Mon Dieu ! It is not what I feel - see that." He was eyeing his wrist as he spoke. He held it under the glare of the lamp. I bent across and looked at it. For so old a man he had a phenomenally white and delicate skin - under the glare of the lamp the impressions of fiuger marks were plainly visible upon his wrist. I whistled as I saw them. " Is it a trick of yours ?" he asked again. " It is certainly no trick of mine." " Is there any one in the room besides us two?" I shrugged my shoulders and looked round. He, too, looked round, with something I thought not quite easy in his glance. " Certainly no one of my acquaintance, and certainly no one who is visible to me." With his fair white hand - the left, not the one which had the finger-marks upon the wrist - St. Servan smoothed his huge moustache. " Some one or something has compelled me - yes, from the first - to move, not as I would - bah ! I know not how." " Exactly the same thing has occurred to me." I laughed. St. Servan glared. Evidently the humour of the thing did not occur to him, he being the sort of man who would require a surgical operation, to make him see a joke. But the humorous side of the situation struck me forcibly. "Perhaps we are favoured by the presence of ghost - perhaps even by the ghost of a M. Funichon. Perhaps, after all, he has not yet played his last game with his favourite set. He may have returned - shall we say from - where? to try just one more set-to with us ! If my dear sir - I waved my pipe affably, as though addressing an unseen personage \- it is really you, I beg you will reveal yourself - materialise is, I believe, the expression now in vogue - and show us the sort of ghost you are !" Somewhat to my surprise, and considerably to my amusement, St. Servan rose from his seat and stood by the table, stiff and straight as a scaffold pole. "These, Monsieur, are subjects on which one does not jest." " Do you, then, believe in ghosts ?" I knew he was superstitious man - witness his fidelity to the superstition of right divine - but this was the first inkling I had had of how far his superstition carried him. " Believe ! In ghosts ! In what, then, do you believe ? I, Monsieur, am a religious man." " Do you believe, then, that a ghost is present with us now - the ghost, for instance, of M. Funichon ?" St. Servan paused. Then he crossed himself - actually crossed himself before my eyes. When he spoke there was a peculiar dryness in his tone. " With your permission, Monsieur, I will retire to bed." That was an exasperating thing to say ! There must be a large number of men in the world who would give - well, a good round sum, to light even on the trail of a ghost. And here were we in the actual presence of something - let us say apparently curious, at any rate, and here was St. Servan calmly talking about retiring to bed, without making the slightest attempt to examine the thing ! It was enough to make the members of the Psychical Research Society turn in their graves. The mere suggestion fired my blood. (To be continued.) 