MY PARROT ACQUAINTANCES. BY W. 0. P. I MUST begin by stating that I never cared for parrots—in fact, as a child, I distinctly feared and disliked tliem. One of my earliest recollections is that of a parrot kept by one of my aunts whom 1 often visited. It seemed peaceable and quiet enough, and had much freedom, When it would meander gfetlfely about the room, neither taking notice of nor molesting any one. Emboldened by this conduct, I thought I inight venture to tease poor Polly, so, creeping under the table, I very gently pulled ite tail. Deeply moved and incensed by this insult, Polly flew straight at me and bit my finger. I acknowledged the just- ice of the punishmeRt; still, in fright and pain, I screamed aloud, when iny (Hint aitd nurse flew to the rescue and restored the outraged parrot to her cage. The next day, on being let loose, it flew straight at me, and tried to peck my eyes out and bit my cheeks ; it never forgot nor forgave the injury, but tried to bite me whenever it was lobse, flying at me and pecking Wlietevnt it boald, till at last it became a sort of nightmare and terror to me, and I repented me in t«ars of the wfong I had committed against it. Full of years and hatred, it at last yielded up the ghost, to my peace of mind and its mistress's regret. The next parrot I become acquainted with did nothing to exalt his race iii my eyes, lie belonged to a sea captain, ahd we came across liim in lodgings at the Seaside. His language was profanity itself, and besides that he was a tale-bearer, "ltobert kissed the cook; oh, fie!" was screamed out by him suddenly one day, and by this a discovery was made of a love story, which " shook the pillars of domestic pence;" a jpalohs housemaid havingtaught him the phrase. I nlwitvs think of this parrot as a "lum, for I should be grieved to think of ary respectable lady-bird disgracing herself and sex by very " big, big D's " that unrighteous bird used dailv. MY third parrot friehd was a grey one, and belonged to Admiral Blank—alw ftseagoing bird, but how different had been his education! He was a thorough gentleman, full of conversation ou many tefics, eilever at whistling, and able to sing a good song when occasion offered. It was in the Brazils I met him. We all lived in a lovely garden attached to the hotel, where separate little houses were built, each with sitting and bod rooms, according to the requirements of the guests. We had one house and Admiral Blank another, and Polly used tb spend his time in a large cage perched up in a tree, where he was ve»y happy and conversational, and became quite friendly with me ris I gave him fruits and other delicacies. Now, there was a huge negro slave, upwards of six feet high, as black as a coal, bet a great swell, attired always in most spotless lily- white duck suits and a tall white liat, who was told off to attend to these garden houses. His name \tas " White," on the htcus a vim hicendo principle, I presume, and "Whjjte! White!" might often be heard shouted through the garden in the stentorian tones of Admiral Blank; when White would % with an obedient start from the kitchen of the hotel liard-by. One morning I bad seen the admiral start off, resplendent in uniform, and knew he was gone; I was surprised, therefore, to hear "White! White!"called in his tone of voice. I could not understand it, as 1 had never left the garden since he went away and had not seen him return. Neither could White. He came running and perspiring, went to Admiral Blank's house, and then looked about the garden, but could not findhim. Then, supposing he had made a mistake, he returned to the ivory- teethed,grinning,black laundiy maids, in'the courtship of whom he had been interrupted. " White! White!" once more resounded through the gardens, this time in very angry tones. White came in fear and haste to find—no one; and the illusion was repented several times that day. I speedily discovered that Polly was the callor, and, alas! next day so did White, and in his anger and spite he would have killed the bird had I not been there to protect him. Many a fruitless run did Polly give him after that, for masters's " White!" and Polly's " White!" were absolutely'indistinguishable. Soon after this it fell to my lot to be possessor cf two parrots, and bitterly I rebelled against the decree. It happened thus: We went to India, and I was completely fascinated by the crowds of green parrots we saw in the plains. It was a never-failing source of delight to me to see them flying in flocks, often hundreds at a time, with the rays of the descending sun glistening on their emerald-green plumage; or to see a tree destitute of leaves made gfecn by reason of the multitude of parrots that Dai settled on its branches; or again> at sunset, to see the given parrots flying about the white marble minarets of the glorious Taj-Jlehal,ordart-ing about, frolicking in the expiring rays. To me tliey were the most lovely of India's birds. One scene connected with parrots is, from itB perfect beauty, often present in my mind. At a certain residency, one of the finest in Northern India, there is a fountain constantly playing, and in the early morning the parrots gather together in vast numbers to drink and bathe m its running waters and basin. To see their graceful curves and upward flightsbefoie dashing through and just skimming the surface of the water, with their unbounded joy and delight in so doing, was a picture of ecstatic, ideal, living'happiness difficult to surpass. Tlie parrots at this residency are almost tame, for every "morning four or five caged ones are let loose to be fed, and down come all the wild ones to share their feast. The early morning is the time to see these birds at their brightest and best. At the first glimpse of the rising sun they forsake their night's resting-places and fly shrieking forth in search of food, and on many a tree they may be seen pulling off the precious lierries and fruits. Alas! the malili's (gardener's) heart does not warm to parrots, for their nature is to work destruction wherever" they go, and they pick off and destroy far more than they eat—as the unripe mangoes lying at the foot of a mangoe tree will testify. Seeing my admiration of and enjoyment in these green parrots, my friends, with whom 1 was stopping, decided it would be nice for me to have two to take back to England with me. In vain I represented to them that it was the beauty and life of the •wild ones I admired, and that I thought caged ones would be sorry representatives of their kind. But no, the fates would have it otherwise. Some misguided parrots built their nest ., in a hole in tlie saddle-room wall, and some of the young birds were taken out and brought'into the house. When I inspected them I could hardly believe they were parrots. They looked like very yellow, ugly, skinny frogs with white claws and a red beak, and not a vestige of a feather, and more firmlythan ever I declined to have anything to say to them. However, tlioy were put in a basket and fed every two hours on a system of dough pills poked down their throats and wsRhed down with water, and to my disgust I was expected to assist them to these delicious repasts. To add to my troubles one day a man arrived with .1 cage full of liiil parrots, two parent birds, and a family of young ones. They seemed in the last stage of exhaustion and starvation, so we fed them all and said we would buy some, and returned the others. The man sent back a polite message that now we had touched the birds, it would break liis caste to take tliem back, nnd unless we woidd buy them all he must kill tliem. We felt grieved to think of their untimely fate, so purchased the whole family though it was no light matter to contemplate stuffing six more birds with pills— the young birds were even uglier than our own, though the parent birds were lovely, bright green with red on each wing, and a red ring round the neck. Well, the time for my departure arrived, and I said nothing about the parrots, and fondly hoped they had been forgotten; when as the train was about to move off, up came a servant with a little cage containing two young birds and a brown pajier parcel containing dough. I felt a good deal, but politeness made me offer tlie best thanks I could muster up in my vexation. Off we started, and very soon the birds began to make a crooning noise—a sound I had learned to detest, for it meant that they were hungry nnd that the time had arrived for the dough to be utilised. With a bad grace I took them on my lap, opened their bills, turn about, and poked tlie boluses down. At last the "Torpedo" took a header amongst my skirts, a sign that lie was satisfied, anil the "Whale" \- rolled his eyes and looked as if he were dying, which was his sign of repletion. The above were the names of my new protigts, the Torpedo having gained his soubriquet by his singular habit of bolting headforemost anywhere and in anything the moment he had eaten enough. There was a popnlat song soittfe years ago called "The Torpedo and the Wliale," So the latter flame followed naturally for my Wends, though I had never hoard the ditty. This meal Was the beginning of similar repasts administered ttbout evbry two hours day and night for some days, when quite suddenly Torpedo put on an entirely new suit of the vividest green with long blue tail-feathers, which with his little bright red bill transformed him from being ugly to a thing of beauty; and one day, at Watson's Hotel, Bombay, he suddenly flew from the balcony right round the room, so, in fear lest he 'should fly away, I cat his wing. The Whale continued ugly, sulky, and of an uncertain temper, much bullied by Torpedo, half its size. They st>l required feeding with the pills. Tlie voyage home they performed in a basket, ajid Torpedo became so tame, he would follow me about the ship like a little dog. At this time they acquired ahabit of sSirieking ear-piercing yeHs. They reached England in summer, and seemed very well while tlie warirt weather lasted; but suddenly intepsely cold frosty weather set in with Sleet "and snow, and the poor parrots looked and seemed miserable. One night the thermometer sank to 28 degrees below tero. About eleven o'clock at night I heard the little Torpedo Tustling about and trying to get ont of its cage. So I took it to the fire, warmed and fed it, and it went fast asleep on my knee. At last I put it back in ite cage, covered it well up, and went to bed. Tbe next morning my Herman housemaid Came to my bedroom and sfrid, " Oh, madam, I htwe such ferry bad news to gif you. You till bo so sorry." I conjured her to tell me the worst at once, but she kept me in suspense some time longer, repeating how grieved I should be, and at last handed me a newspaper parcel containing my little Torpedo lying dead. It appears she found the poor little soul on the floor with its head between a bookcase and the wall, frozen to death standing upright I tried to revive it in every way by putting it near the fire, &c.;, but all in vain—life was extinct. It is now stuffed and under a glass case, but it lias lost all hold on my affection, as it is not one whit like my living, saucy, loving, mischievous Torpedo. The Whale was now left alone in his glory, and rapidly improved in position. He was'allowed to sit in the upper places of his immense cam, whereas in the time of the late lamented Torpedo, he had always been compelled to take the lower room; had all the tit- bits to eat, and developed in wisdo-m and good looks, and produced red feathers on his wings and a rosy ring around bis neck; his temper became genial, and he learned the noble art of conversation, and, to the servants' delight, called them all by their names. Both parrots had a wonderful facility for limiting themselves respected, but at the same time ingratiating themselves with other animals. Many a time I have gone to the kitchen and found it empty of domestics, but the whole floorswarming with animals, viz.: six pugs, father, mother, and four little ones, one cat and one kitten, a huge Mount St. Bernard doe, and a canary, and amongst them all, proudly strutting about, Torpedo and the Whale. If Leo, the big dog, were in front of tbe fire, the parrots would cchhly pinch his toes or his tail till be made place for them; and the kitten and parrots played games together, rolling over and over. Tlie Whale, amongst other accomplishments, possessed a love of music, and whistled just like the canary. He also greatly enjoj^d my muEic when I played, but he preferred scales and exercises, bis tiste being purely classical. Whenever I began the former he would climb up my dress on to my shoulder, and there flutter about just as if he were taking a bath. Then one by one he would abstract my hairpins, till at last my hair wotrtd fall dewn, ahd in that he would plunge and bathe with eitreme rolisli. This was not an amusement he was often permitted to indulge in, however. At this time we had a "buttons," Robinson by name, who was the cross of everybody in the house except his master, who continually took his part, and explained that all his shortcomings arose from too much petticoat government in the kitchen. One day the Whale was muttering to himself a good deal, and at last- clearly delivered himself of the following: "Robinson, Robinson! whatever are you doing, yon bad boy! You're a very naughty boy. Go to bed at once, sir ! Do you hear?" and this exactly in the cook's voice; and he used to scoldBobinson loudly in other words al^o, showing the freqtinncy of the thing in his hearing in the kitchen where he lived. He loved to be out in the garden, and would climb a tree with great agility and joy, pulling much df the bark «ff as he ascended. He and the Torpedo entirely picked to pieces and demolished a favourite wicker armchair which my mother-in-law hod given us to keep, and that she greatly valued, which was sad! We decided uppn revisiting India, and the question arose, What was to becomc of the Whale ? He had many English hearths and homes at his disposal, for he had endeared himself to many people by his winning ways and clever talk. But we resolved to let him once more enjoy the gorgeous Eastand tliescenesof hisearlyyouth. So we got a small cage, cut off liis long tail so that lie might fit in, made a red baize cover to show off his complexion—I mean Iris green feathers—bought some bird seed, and there was Polly, au yrend amplet for the voyage. He liked Hie sea, and was very hilarious, talking and whistling away and making friends with everyone. He used to sit perohed up on my deck-chair, while everyone brought him dainties frcm table and the various ports we stopped at. There was an actress on board, the celebrated Mile. Dash, " the Sylph of the Arena." She was not a favourite in the slrip. She was loud in her dress, speech, and manners, and of a thirsty temperament. One day el:e had fallen sweetly asleep on a deck-chair, with her mouth wido open and snoring, wilh a most lavish display of flesh-coloured silk stockings. I saw the Whale observing her, and presently, before I could catch him, he climbed down my chair, skurried across the deck, and climbed up her shiny shoes and pink silk legs. It must really have been very pain' ful for her, as his claws were very sharp. She woke up with a loud scream of bitterest anguish, and I hurried up to apologise and to rescue her from her awkward position. I regret to say that—so much the worse for human nature—many of the passengers rejoiced loudly at her misfortune. Thus, making friends and foes, the Whale and we arrived at Madras. There, at tbe end of our sitting-room, was an immense verandah, and here the Whale lived, pleased to renew his acquaintance with sugarcane, but disgusted with the ants and crows. His food had constantly to be changed on account of the former, and the latter used to come and eat his bread and water; then his rage and fury were terrible to Witness, and all the scolding he had learned, intended for Robinson, he levied at their heads, and finallylearned to caw exactly like they did. Here wo set up a jladrasse "boy," and he kept that unfortunate servant pretty busy running about as he learned to call "boy!" both in his master's and mistress's voice. He visited Calcutta, Ceylon, and various places in India, and gained health, strength, and new words in his native land, and learnt to flatter me by calling out " Pre! iy, pretty " wheuevc-r lie' saw me. During his residence at tlie above- mentioned northern presidency I he poor little fellow became very ill, gasped for breath, refused all food except what he took from my lips, fluffedup his feathers, and looked piteously at me for help; he seemed perfectly miserable except when perched y; upon my hand, the only time he ever seemed to slepp, and in spite of everything wc tried, he expired one morning, to our great grief. We felt as if we had lost a dear friend, and truly we had, forhe had cheered us up in many a gloomy moment by his cheery nnd affectionate ways. _ He was buried in a lovely garden bright with varied and fragrant clusters of blossoms—a fit resting-place for such a child of nature. 