[?] By J. O. B. Prom east and west the cable brings us nothing but accounts of struggles or preparations for struggles — now between nations, now between the apparently envious twins, Labour and Capital. Blocked for a time in his road south by reason of the attitude of the trinle alliance, and what might almost be called the 'cheek' of little Bulgaria, M. Ursa Major has turned his attention to Armenia and the possibility of reaching the Bos. phorus by the South Black Sea route through Asia Minor. The Eastern Christians, no doubt, are being persecuted, and it behoves Holy Russia to see that these poor people are not put upon. It must be a little trying at present to live in that land of old renown between the Levant, the Euxine, the Caspian, and the Persian Gulf. If a Christian, the Moslems bastinado you into a belief in houris, and then introduce you to the latter by dropping you with emphasis on a pointed stake ; if a Turk, there is the ever- present danger of being converted by Cossack whips. But it is from Guatemala, in Central America, that the news is, oddly enough, at once warlike and satisfactory. From this pushing republic we hear that the Government troops had signally ^defeated the rebels in a pitched battle — no one hurt on either side. This is, indeed, a new departure in war, and it is to be hoped the Guatemalans will show the world an example by keeping it up. One feels a little curious, of course, to know, not so much M'hat the quarrel was about, but what they fought with. Were both sides tied to trees, or did the new smokeless powder enable the fierce combatants to keep out of sight? It is stated that in this chronically disturbed republic 62 battles were fought from 1812 to 1842, or nearly two a year. Judging by the last encounter, the wonder is that there weren't three a day, one before each meal, to give both sides an appetite. There is a future before Guatemala if she but perseveres. * ? . » * The science of statistics is daily extending. It has now been ascertained that an ordinary horse in fair health falls only once in travelling over 130 miles of granite, 190 of asphalt, and 330 of wood. Thus, on a macadamised road, an animal attached to a cab or a baker's cart gets two and a-half tumbles for every one on a wooden pavement. This can scarcely apply to the Sydney horses ; for this very week, at the Water Police Court, a man was fined 25s because his . horse could not 6tand, even when assisted by the shafts and tackling. To this obstinate beast it seemed to be a matter of indifference what sort of a road he was on — he'd lie down on any. And, once down — as the owner observed with pardonable asperity — the d — —1 himself couldn't get him up, except by lighting a fire under him. It's hard to go to gaol for a mammal like that. There was really but one course open with a dog matic brute like the foregoing. Unfortunately there was nobody to suggest it to the poor driver. It was to bore four holes in the ground, tuck his feet in, and then let a truss of hay or a bale of wool fall on him from a fair height. If that wouldn't make him stand, nothing would. * » * * The Parramatta people are keeping abreast of the time's. This week a woman was found guilty and smartly fined for milking the wrong cow. At first sight it seems a little odd that there should be a penalty attached to beginning with any par ticular cow out of a number. British people are not prone to tolerate such meddlesomeness on the part of the authorities. It is but fair to the Par ramatta magistrates, however, to say that in the present case the owner of the animal was not the person that milked. That necessary work was performed by a neighbour who, believing in the early bird and first worm theory, had cream for breakfast all the week, while the person to whom the cow appertained was obliged to drink tea without milk. He couldn't understand it. He couldn't make out how a cow could eat so much and have so little to show for it. Day after day the creature walked into the yard after 12 solid hours of feeding and rumination, but nothing came of it. The more it ruminated the drier it got — a peculiarity which is not confined to cows alone, but may be often observed in men. In old countries it would have been said that the fairies had pressed the teats, or some sour old woman had bewitched the poor creature. By simply getting up an hour earlier than usual, the owner discovered the fairy — a buxom body that 1631b. would have a struggle to lift. * * * * During the debate in the New South Wales Assembly on the bill for abolishing imprisonment for debt, one case was cited which went far to show that, if really anxious to marry, the best place to go for a wife is to a deaf and dumb asylum. The case was this : A man had a wife ; she had a tongue, in the use of which she could defy competition. Her proficiency, in fact, was so generally acknowledged that none of the neigh bours presumed to challenge it. Within hearing of her tongue they held their own. This was naturally irritating to a high-spirited woman. There was no great outlet for her talents at home, as the children had grown up and left the parent nest, while the old man was a bit 'bothered.' It was impossible for things to continue — something would have to give. Life had pretty well lost its attractions till, just when she was getting down-hearted, a fresh tenant came next door. In a week there was an action for slander, and, as the old gentleman was unable to pay the expenses, he was promptly locked up. Thus, the State is supporting a man in prison because his wife happened to have acquired a fine mastery of English idioms. Always a wonderful people the British. ? * » * There is now a lyric club at Bourke — likewise an orchestra. Young men in lavender ties and maids in muslin sing choruses and madrigals, while strong-chested youths in the orchestra fill cornets and flutes with their wind and feelings. But there was a time when Bourke could boast no music more melodious than the sound of a distant bullock-bell, cracked near the handle so as to differentiate the tinkle from any other noise in the heavens above or in the earth beneath — a noise entirely sui generis which, when first heard on the Darling, sent the aborigines whizzing towards the setting sun. It was in the early seventies when a person well-known to the writer hit Bourke in his wanderings. He brought a flute. The first night he tried the shake in ' Stride la Yampa ' — that part in ' Trovatore ' where the ghost walks and the fiddles below the footlights are rasping away for the bare life — a cat came through the half-open window. The creature was quite dead, and had evidently been so for some time. It had clearly been projected violently from the outside, as no mortal thing, barring a vampire or a banshee, could have climbed up to where the musician was located. The peopile had, no doubt, been unused to music of a high class, and so suggested, in a manner it would be difficult to mis understand, their desire for a change of programme. A few montlis afterwards a journeyman compositor arrived bringing an accordeon. His first trial — it was at ' Batti Batti,' in 'Don Juan' — was even less auspi cious. A kerosene tin was let down from a neigh bouring tree and trailed aggressively along the corrugated iron roof. But it was when the two artists met in a lonely spot and commenced a duet that Bourke rose as one man. Bv-and- bye a whisper went round that a piano was comiDg to one of the hotels. It had been three years en route from Adelaide ; but the river went down, leaving the steamer on a sandbank below Wil cannia. The vessel was turned into a temporary church. The captain would have learnt accom paniments to a few simple hymns during his tedi ous detention, but his fingers were constantly stuck between the black keys, while his thumbs could never be persuaded to cover less than three white ones. But it will be necessary to defer till another time an account of the first piano's career in Bourke. And now they have a lyric club ! Sardanapalus ! 1 