MUSIC AND THE DRAMA- AT HOME AND ABROAD. tt Puou-Frou," the comedy-drama by Messrs. Mollhac and Halevy which Is to bo staged at tho Criterion Theatre this evening, was origi nally produced ot tke ThtSatro du Gymuaso, Paris, in October, 1869. It was at once seized upon by English playwrtgnts ana was uria adapted for the English stage by Benjamin Webster, jnn. Princess Theatre, London, 1870) —not, as stated in one, at least, of the books of dramatic reference, at Glasgow, where Miss Ellen Terry only appeared in it nine years later. Messrs. Sutherland Edwards, CoraynB Carr and Charles Charrington have also written versions of it, and it is Mr. Charrington'B translation that we aro to see this evening. This acting edition, which was tho one used by Miss Achurch and Mr. Charrington in their recent productions at tho Ctfurt Theatre, Liverpool, und the Comedy Theatre, Manchester, does not attempt to raprotuco in the cur rant slang of tho day t.he French argot of the original, which is often untranBlotablet and omits also some of the more .vfsjue allusions und Insinuations of the Baroness do Cambri. Almtic Doaclde, the original Gilbortc,«ia a letter to Dumas fits, gives an interesting account of her first appearance In the play. It setvm that in hor younger days she made an unsne'eessfu diibut in Paris, and had since been dratT6lnE wearily around in the provinces, almost un- kuown and quite unappreciated. M..M. Mollhac and Haldvy "discovered" her ana wroto "Fron-Frou' especially for her. At the close of the first act on the eventful even ing aho was nearly hissed off the stage by an organised cabal, but after that hor genius silenced opposition and provoked a frenzy of enthiiBinsm. Jane Hading is now considered tho best Fron-Frou in Franco. Her rendering is purer and more spiritual than Mine. Bernhardt', and is asserted to have greater individual charm than that of oithor Modjcska or Terry. Janet Achurch is reported to bo very good in the character, and as in tho earlior scenes at leait GUborte is as reckless and llghthoarted as Nora, this estimate of her ability is very likely correct- time will show. Playgoers will not, however, find further resemblance between the charac ters, as " Fron-Frou " is a thoroughly French and lino emotional drama of a familiar type. Apropos of Nora, tremendous business has been done with " A Doll's House " during the week, and but for the inconvenience of again transferring tho booking the run would bavo been extended another six nights. A deter mined attempt was mado last September to damn Ibsen's drama, and to prevent its pro duction In Sydney, by telegraphing a one-sided account of the Melbourne representation. Thia attempt has utterly and completely failed, as it naturally would in a city possessed of aa inde pendent press and an enlightened public. With but one exception, the criticisms published upon tbo play in Sydney wcro singularly searching and thoughtful. In one word, Sydney has refused to accept the shallow judgment of the noisy minority who disturbed the initial per formance. The Rov. Charles Clark finds Australian audiences "crRicul but appreciative," and ac- uuruiugl/ IUIUUUO kV WUIlliiUUE uia OI.U.WM xs next week. He reminds us thut it is 12 years sinco ho was lust iu Sydney, a period which may be fairly considered to represent a generation of artistic life. Thus he found bimsolf nftor nil a comparative stranger In the old familiar places, and it was not until lie had spoken more than onco that audiences begun to crowd in to hear him as in the old days, Now tho School of Arts proves all too small, and after the enthu siasm shown at the fiery declamation of " The Naseby Fight," the least that this artist can do in gratitude for his reception is to repeat Ilia deeply interesting narration of Oliver Cromwell's riso to tbo position of the "Foremost Man In England." Hr. Clark bas wandered far nnd wide these 12 years past, but he still appears in the prime of life, and bis words flow " trippingly from tho tongue," as if failing memory and hesitation were infirmities unknown to man. The famous lecturer Btarted in life as a Nonconformist minister at Broad- mead, near Bristol, whence in 18(i'J ho journeyed to Melbourne. There it was that be realised the possession of those rare mental and physical gifts which changed the wltolo current of his life. By a short series of lectures he raised £1200 towards the building fund of his church, tiDd actually netted £li01 by one of the scrieB— then an unprecedented feat, and ono probably not Binco eclipsed. In 1076 Mr. Clark joined Mr. R. 3. Smythe, who piloted him successfully through a four years' lecturing tour of Aus tralia and Now Zealand, and Mr. Clark thus claims the honor of being the pioneer of this form of entertainment. A grunt part ot 1870 was spent ill itarnng the United States, and Capo Colony was also Tisited. In 1881 Mr. Clark accepted tbo pas torate of a tine church at Ealing, near London, towards the completion of which bo raised the great sum of £4000 during his seven year.' in cumbency. Two years moro wore spent as a special preacher, during winch period ho was known in Nonconformist circles as tho "Anni versary Chaplain," nnd then in February hist be sailed onco more for Australia. Bef.ro reaching Sydney Mr. Clark lectured in Melbourne, Vic toria generally, South Australia and Tasmania under the guidance of his old manager. He finds Sydney marvellously altered aod improved, though, as he puts it, it always was a city 'beautiful for situation," nnd iu that respect be thinks Hobart, with its turquoise bay backed «... .1... _.a«« Li'lln .ieinn of Itia! ahnnrlv tn llmir uy hibcu umo "-""b — snowy crown, its only rival in Austrulasia. The Victorian Orchestra, which, by tbo way, is reported to havo much deteriorated is said to havemado a deficit of £2000 in a twelvemonth. . This, however, has not prorentod enterprising Melbournians from guaranteeing the subscrip tions needed to carry on the concerta for another year. In Sydney, on tbo other hand, Signor Hazon is now appealing for n guarantee ot tho comparatively small sum of £400 from 20 subscribers, and the question is, " Aro there yet 20 righteous men in Sydney?" Whether or no remains to be seen, but in tho meantime generosity may prop itself up with the fact that tho committee has wisely decided upon " popular prices," and that the CeDtenuial-liall will probably bo available for the first concert on August Hi. The new hall will provide the shilling people witn ample accommodation, aud the £27, which represents the highest sum realised from this sourco at the Exhibition Building, should be at least doubled after tbo first concart or two. It is probable that one or two vocal numbers may be introduced at each concert, and possibly Miss Lilian Tree may appear before the public in a now light as a pianist. It may not be generally known that Miss Tree was the first Lancashire Scholar for pianoforte plajring at the Uoyul College of Music. Her aptitude for tho instrument was quite phenomenal, and shortly after hor election she played at Marlborough Houso beforo the Prince aud Princess of Wales at a private concert in which Madame Albaiti and other celebrated artists took part. We learn that tho health of Mr. W. T. Best is improving and that ho is recovering more rapidly than was at iirat thought possible from tho effects of the very serious accident which befel him. It is hoped that an earlier duy titan August 21 may be named for the first recital, but the opening of the organ has been already so fruit ful of unforeseen delay that it would bo hazar dous to accept any date prior to tho ono quoted. Amateurs will bo very pleased to tear that owing to the representations of tbo leading musical societies, the city architect (Mr. George M'ltac) has got leave to extend the choir scats to tho balconies on either sido of the organ. Tho alteration will be accomplished at small trottblo or expense by tbo rcmovnl of the cedar- wood front from tlto balconies for the required length and by the addition of a very narrow strip of connecting platform. Miss Huntingdon takes " Paul Jones " throughout America and Canada, starting at Boston ill September and continuing tbo tour for over 80 weeks. Mr. Horace Peat.ling arrived from Now Zea land bv the Wtiiraiapa to prepare a roflte for Mr. (KIT. Miln between here and Victoria. Mr. Milu's New Zealand season opened at Dunedin on April 28, and the tragudiau has since visited Cliristcliurcli, Wellington (where his Excellency the Karl of Onslow heartily supported him), Wanganiti twhero business was phenomenally good), Napier, Gisborno and finally Auckland. Mr. David Chtirtie Murray, being interviewed at Christ church relative to his coutcdy drama " Chums" said " I ltavo given the original manuscript of 'Chums' tn Sir George Grey, who accented it. saving, ' I shall present this to the Auckland library. T am not flattering von I wlton I sar that it Ij very valuable und would | bo so even if it were the poorest thing ever I written, for it is the first thing ever done by an English man of lottcrs for New Zealand. It marks the beginning of our dramatic litera ture.' Sir George was good enough to tell me that in ' Clmms ' he had for the first timo seen bnmnn nature staged unstngily." The Augustine Daly Company hare opened their Benson at the Lycentn Theatro in a new piece called " Casting the Boomerang." Tho hero is a middle-aged merchant who launches into iitoratnre and losos his fortune, thus realising tho extract front Webster's Dictionary, which says : " In inexperienced hands the boomerang recoils npon tbo thrower, sometimes with vorv serious results I" A new'play, " A Buried Talent," by Mr. Louis Parker, hns been produced at tho Vaudeville Theatro by Mr. Ben Greet. Tho plot shows how l'ietro steals his master's opern from his studio at Homo and produces it under another title in Florence. At the last hour the prima donna falls ill and Piotro is forced to let his master's wife into tho secret as she alone can sing the part. She appears to yield to I'ietro's blandishments and then, when the opera is at its heiuht, discloses to the excited audioneo the name of the real composer— her husband I The cast of the " Meistnrsinger " at Covent Garden lately is thns referred to In the Figaro ; " Mr. Jean de ileszko, once more a magnifi cent Wnltber von Stolzing, Mr. Lasselle a truly noble Hans Sachs, Madamo Tavary a most attractive exponent of the part of Era, Mr. Montariol and Madame Bauermeister as David and Mngdalena mado np a cast which it would be impossible to surpass on tbo German and dillicult to equal on any stage." Sims Reeves has recently aung some of his most popular songs into the phonograph. The " records " are intended for America, where Mr. Reeves has never been, and a very high price has been paid for tbein. Mr. Reeves' voice had bettor be pbonograpbed to Australia whilst he has any left to phonograph. A case has been decided at Cracow in which Czibnika, composer of a gavotte, sued a rival composer for pirating his melody. The judges aeemsd hopelessly at sea about tho matter until Czii utka had the happy idea to be allowed per mission to play the two tunes on the violin. This settled the matter, and Czibnika gained the day. Miss Stephenson, a pretty maiden of In sum mers, wlto imitates tho American and Austra lian song birds, tells droll ghost stories in nigger dialect, dance9 " nearly as well as Kate Vaughan " and " Binga beautifully," is all tho rage jast now in fashionable London circles. This year's snbscripLion list to tbo Royal General Theatrical Fund included £100 from the Queen, 10 guineas from tho Prince of Wales, 100 guineas front N. M. de Rothschild, £100 each from Lcopoid de Rothschild and Mr. Searelle, and £50 each from Lord Rothschild, 'Alfred do Rothschild and Colonel North, total £2070, the largest during the 45 years of the charity's ex- istcuce. A party of aristocratic amatenrs have pro duced nt tho Opera Comique a uow comic opera, "Joan" — the music by Ernest Ford, a clever student of the R.A.M., nnd the libretto by Mr. Robert Martin, of " Ballyhooloy" fame. A new academy of music has just fceeti founded nt Glasgow more or less npon tho lines of the Guildhall Scltool of Music. Its principal is Mr. Alan Macbeth, well Known in connection with tlto Cnoral Union concerts. Mr, Gaul, composer of the "Holy City" and other works, has completed a new cantata en titled " The Ten Virgins," primarily, designed for performance in America, Mr. Luscombe Searelle has raised capital to build six theatres, from the plana of the London Opera Comique, at Capo Town, Port Elizabeth, Durboo, Maritzburg, "Johannesburg and Kim- berley. Each is to cost £10.000. Miss Geraldine Uimar baa beoo engaged for the new opera to bo produced at the Lyric Theatre, and in tbo meantime is holiday- making in Boston, her native city. Hector Berlioz, unearthed comio opera " Beatrice and Benedict" has bad its full dress rehearsal, hut much of it proved doll and the distinguished audienco did not "enthuse." The Athentaum statov that "Ibsen a 'Ghosts' (' Les itevenants') has just been acted with great success at the Theatre Libre. The trans lation follows the original closely. The piece was adequately mounted and admirably played, M. Antoine, "who took the part of Oswald, giving a Bingularly fine rendering of the character." . In Mr. Gillette's new version of "The Private Secretary" at Mndison-square Theatre Mrs. Robert Spalding and the infant Spalding, grotesquely attired and quite cut of tone with tho Marsland rooms, add to the fun of the comedy. . , . Mr. anil Mrs. Kendal on arriving in London from America journeyed on to Boulogne for rest and recreation. They will probably not appear, except in the provinces, until they re visit America. A small tumor has been successfully removed from the back of the vocal chords of Signor Campanini, the celebrated tenor, and it is be lieved he will entirely recover Itis voice. At San Antonio, Texas, the Rev. "Vigil Maxoy, a noted Baptist revivalist, preaches at chapels 011 Sundays uud acta ail the week at the local theatre. One of the dancers at the Court Theatro, who died suddenly, has been prononnced to owe her death to tight lacing. The liver of tlto unfortunate young woman was terribly de formed and crushed out of shape. Io a notice of the season's Italian opera the Era quotes Jean de Reske as " the tenor of the age " and adds that M r. Harris " has renewed bis engagement on terms which are precisely double what be now receives according to the terms of his engagement concluding with the present season." In the Irving -Terry readings of "Macbeth" at Liverpool Miss Terry's share was limited to that of Lady Macbeth, her partner reading all the other characters. The Sullivan music was played by a special orchestra. A new opera of extraordinary beauty, " Cavalleria Rustics, " is exciting the city of Rome. It is by Signor Mascania, a young Livornese, who, until his sudden celebrity, was too poor to be able to hire a piano. Mr. aud Mrs. J. B. Polk, whose "Strategist" awoke so much enthusiasm in Sydney years ago, are playing "The Silent Partner "at 14th- aireot Theatre, New York. Tho " Shatchen " season at the Star Theatre, Now York, gives rise to comment as follows : — " Miss Sophie Eyre, who was engaged to play the adventuress, gave a performance of tbo part which was supposed to suffer irom the results of tho severe illness from which she is now recovering. Mr. Corcis last week dis charged Miss Eyre and engaged Miss Leonora Bradley to fill her place. Miss Eyre intends to bring snit for reinstatement or damages." Madame Mclba has followed the example of the brothers De Reszku nnd lias seceded from VUV LUUlCrtUJ' Ut vu«i » I»«ia wpv»t»« Mr. Wiu. Terriss and Miss Mtlhvard liave opened their Sbake.speriau costume recitals at Oxford with success. Miss Amy Flood-Porter's attitude whilst giving ber violoncello recital at Stelnwayhall is quoted a the latest argument iu favor of tho " divided skirt !" Mr. Ff. Davios, the yoting Welsh baritone who has made his ddbut lately in u Lohengrin," has boon engaged for the principal part in Sul livan's new opera uIvauhoe." The death of Victor Ncssler i9 announced, whose 44 Piper of Hamelin " was produced in London three or four years ago. His opera "Trumpeter of Sakkiugcu" is widely popular in Germany. M. Dr. Andrade, who hns made his appear ance in London as Esemnilio, is regarded by the Whitehall Review" as oue of the best ever seen upon the Italian operatic stage." Signor Valero, a new tenor, is well spoken of as Jo. iierloiz' one aod only comic opera, 44 Beatrice et Benedict," written in 1868, is to be staged at the Odeou shortly for the first time in Purls. 