DEACON BURDETTE. with 008tb oh the prosecution. "rnsonar, aia you m uus uoyr x tua, your bonoTcftTiIiTh?OQ!t"Heflfotink the oar with a rubber sling, and" "At prisoner is discharged, and the ehariff wflj give him back hi knife and tell the jaulfaoi to sharpen it for bim." the ghost ant) the ohio, My son, be uniformly serious in your con versation with strangnre. It ia an uncomf oxtr ablo situation to be in, having uttered a merry littlo pleasantry, to learn, from tho icy chill that congeoi your heart's blood, that you arc talking to that awful and human ico- borg, theman who never jokos. There is only ouo worse thing in the world of horrors— the man who always joke. " WfrnOCT ARE DOGS." What stuff pooplc do write about dog. Hear what Col. Thomas Wentwortb Higgin- eon write lo Harper's Barer: "How many of n hold to our friend with a love a toox- . baxzstible and as inextinguishable a that j which our dog gives to usT What rubbish f Is this! It seems to tne that when people be come addicted to dog worship they loee their minds. Tho dog loves the rnnn who feeds him. You may keep a good, well hred dog . five year, then sell him, and In two men tig \ his "inexhaustible lore" will be ao farto bauated and hi "innxtinguishable" love so nearly put oat, that tho faithful creature will chaso you out of his now master's orchard. A man who confesses that his Jove for hi friend is weaker, and mare pnlflgh, and lea faithful thwn a dog', puts a shamefully low estimate upon his friendship. 1 love to read tho two greatest books in tbo world, tho Biblo and Bbakapcarc; neither of thom myB any thing good al>out a dog. It isnt that I dislike dogs, because I dont; I like them; but there la such a tendency to dog worship in these weak, poodling times of pug and mastiff that anion needs a groat deal of wholesome correct! vol IVhat's that! You onco hod a dog that — Do you supposo I am going to accept the Etnfce- nents of men who once had, or who now have doge, as evidence! YTou'lI want to tell me about a Iwss you caught, tbo next thing. I knew your dog; a long haired, beautiful, ac tive, faithful creature be was, as ever mnde glad the hoart of a boy. He used to trample all over other peoplo' gardens and carried hi unwelcome flcti into your neighbors' homes; he tore down climbing vines and dug moles anrl rots under the rose bushes, end when it rained on him he smclled like the pickling room of a tannery. I knew your dog. pnorESSioxAL pnnAjrnnioFT. "What is the charger1 asked tho justice. "Well, sor," said tho officer, "this man knocked the child hrre intil the gutter, thin kicked him all tbo n ay across the sthreet, on' phin I kem up wjd 'tun he was batin' him wid the tail gate of a doomp cart." "Why did you assault the child, prisoner!" "Because be threw a stone at a poor cat." "Whatti your buriiKssr "I am a philanthropisx" He got thirty day for sentiment and raAeo- ticm. A VALUABLE AFFLICTION". "What swelL your face up so awfully, boy!" "Jumping toothache." "Doesn't It burtr "Nearly kills mo." "Come into my office," said the kind young dentist, "and I'll cure it for you in a minute." "Dont want it cured," replied the boy ; "want it to keep me out of school on the race day. It's . mighty rough on a feller at nights, mister, but I wouldn't take ten dollar for thi tooth, Just the same." TEE ZZOUH or TXVFTATZON. "You con trust me now," aaid the penitent, resolutely, <rI wouldn't tell a lie to save my lifa" "Bert can yoa trust yourself r askod the pastor, anxioraly, "a habit of exaggera tes and prevarication is" "Eecmtellthe truth without a struggle," ImdBted the re formed man, "the season is about ovar, and bedde, soma bound got into the ttaro last night and stole my trout rod; the prettiest thing you ever whipped a brook with; weighed four and a half ounces, and in 1879 1 landed a seabasi with it that weighed" flat the minister had lighted a candle and gone away to get hi bell and book. AN0TH23 HEARTLESS EVICTION. Not alone in Buffering Ireland and bleeding Iowa does the curse of landlordism mnky desolate homo and aching hearts. We have just learned, from sonrees that cannot be doubted, that young Willoughby Kitteredga Stackblossom, who has been boarding at Mrs. Hashbacon's well known boarding house for six weeks past, was last evening fiaod out of his "apartments" by the landlady, -who re tained his Sunday gloves and cane, thc> thrustinx the unhappy tenant into the ttree practical y naked. Mr. Btackbloeeora Ips long been one of the social light of oar city, and if bis place at tho suspender counter Is vacant to-morrow morning it will be the wont boa com. A man can live upon worst, however, for an Indefinite space of period. There is something that usually goes with worst, but we do not know how to pell it EXECUTED WITH A T XV. Cardinal— Beneath the sliding rule of men entirely great. The typewriter U greater than the swank Oldgotd— Wboswored, my lard? Cardinal— The man who received the typewriter lata; The printers who aet up the copy; Whole words spelled In the space of one stttVI m, TVUh all the letter piled on top of another, like to Cblnsf eoiiaioe steading on tta head. What tense is there In this?—' "B(v? GHopa fldwwdf And yell know U means "The bone tell dead.1 In all the lexicons we use there' do mefe weed As kbfllllallfoT;" yet fall well X kaow U steads, In this man's note, for "information;" I have 0 teamed the tangled language of the thi&g.; That all tta Jargon U writ pUle forme; Buteoretydo X fear that learning H, X hare made hopeleea wreck of fiwyyta And teat my front pew efwpiUn£ In the j ne COfne- See, ell around this Une of oooeonaati f!r ! 1 nt Trlfh lot nepfTels tho pmnf neilrr has drawn His awful circle with the pencil blot; Bland off; white oa this oomspoednt'i head 1 launch the cum of our composing /»i The cum. Dog gene the bQly be dog gooad man ot >hnm>» The diddled/ dag gooed chalky ftngwed looo; T gum; y ganl; od rabbit: Jeezatay pelt! Gad aooka ; odd boddlkine ; by Venn' glow ; By Kan his gauntlet; by the river side; Sweet by and by, and bo oh, baby by Atthlf DOlnltha caitiff alowlv vUhm -n 1 —Brooklyn Eagle. 