THE Crime of a Countess ; on, Tfie Americas Detective and Russian SiMlisi. mo NOVELIST. CHAPTER XXV. A aACE I'Oll A. LIFE. By HICK CARTES- fe e Wat left the palace us rapid ly ss he darefl, andat the entrance had the satisfaction, if it ; was one, of seeing Sofia just driricg away in- ; thecarriage of the grand duke. He did not know "where she was going, but, with the hatred in her heart for .poor Ycra, the chanccs-were that she vould go at once to the fortress, to hare the Czar's cruci order executed. \- Itwouldnot do under the circmnstanre to run the risk of her not going, so be found a hack as quickly as he could and bade the driver to make his .best speed to a point near ' the quarry. ~ ;Giviug" the.inan several roubles as an In- ' ducement to hurry, be eat back in the vehicle jand eagerly watched for : some sign of Sofia, •who . had'toy this time '.passed out'of his -' eight; - • , v - He soon.came upon her as sue was not arivingwltbahygrcalhaste, bui be knew he ' muBt pass her if he 'hoped to reach tbc fortress in time to be of any me to Vera. It was literally a race for a life that he was , engaged in, and as-yet the odds wcresejriousiy V^jfrtiut-lriat. -•••-•-••' • '. — "•^S'pJuTattihe iitheas herodebe was thinkingand thinking. .'.'.". seemed as if there was nothing to do-but ; jnake the best speed becould and trust, that * he.-would. be Ip time. But it never suited -Wat to leave anything . to chance - lie preferred to have ail things under a careful directioff where it was pos- . s.ble. '-' ' " " ' He aiusthave.at least, half-an-hour start t f Sofia, or it was joore tiiau likely that he wjald not beabletosave Vera. And save her he was-determined, if it was •. n tie power-of mail. How could lie get half-an- hour ahead of oia? I'nere she was, an alert, vengeful woman,- j-.diig behind a pair of. the most, jpi -ited and fleet horses in all St. Peterit»urg. - If ae 'should make the least show of pas- »ing her she would be most likely to have rtiiii) -suspicion that there was something wro ig, and then he would be- distanced in a la-inkling. \- ; Even to get, there at the earns time would " as badas not getting there at all. Since it was at the best a risk, he had \- better'make an attempt now. • He leaned his head ont of the window. Driver 1" . . "Yes, Bir." 'Doyousee that carriage ahead?" "The grand duke's J Yes, sir." •" Catch it. I want tospeak to the occu- ;pant." . The driver whipped his horses, and as they wcntalongWat made a few changes in his iXce, so that in case the countess should remember him as having been in the antechamber . with Gresser she would be,de- .. ceived...V.' • •-/.". '.-. : '• The result proved that Wat's fears in case of trying to paes the countess were not foolish. No sooner did the sound of the horses' feet behind her reach her ears than she leaned , out and looked back at the pursuing car* riage.. -* Wat was prepared for this, and instantly waved his handkerchief. Sofia, after & moment of indecision, spoke to her driver, and he drew up. , Wat was moved to. admiration of the woman's quick wit when he saw that the driver, at- a word from her," turned his horses so that they blocked the way across th.e street, for they were still in the out- • skirts of the town. Wat's driver drew np near the other carnage, and Wat jumped out with every appearance of haste, and, first throwing a handful of roubles to the driver, ran over to where Sofia sat, regarding him with a stern air of suspicion^ . •' The grand duke wished me to say," ^whispered Wat, breathlessly, "to please * lmtry to the fortress and transact your 1 husiness.Vtherc-as quickly as possible, as j> Glesser tiasibecn.received by his master and s was making Tin impression on Mm; also to || sen^l his carriage back without keeping it a minute, as he wished, not to have his part know if possible." \ V Who are you r'demanded Sofia." "A confidential eqheny inJiisservice,and one of the initiated," ansi/rpred Wat, under bis breath. ' *' Very well," answered "Sofia. \- - But Wat, without seemingto notice her \- looks, sprang with great agility . to the driver's scat and settled himself, as if that ' was what he had been bidden t6 do. . . Sofia looked for a moment as if she. would order him down, but thinking better of it, \- bade the driver harry. The latter did ^o, and Wat sat by his side - " as carelessly as if he had nothing at stake in . the issue of this drive. „.;••• As for Sofia, she soon forgot the man on the box, and, buried in her own thoughts, .tapped the floor of the carriage impatiently with her foot. " Quicker 1"' she said, at last. * And Wat who bail been studying bow he n'-ould make a beginning, caught at the Yj'portuniiy and repeated to the driver; «»Oninknr I" At the sair.c time he snatchcd the whip ir^nj the uinn'o hand and brought it dewn with. cruel cut on the two horses. " Wuat are you doing 2" exclaimed the ilri v*'.:r, ami then his attention was taken up with Vrjin;; to cairn the fiBry animals, little mt'l i(j sucli'tieatonent. Sofia had not seen Wat's action, and only r kne* thr.t the animals weri becomihg un .- man^-geabie. B'jt she ;va3 too much accustomed to horses to become aiariaed, and only held more firmly to the side of the carriage. A-jiain Wat brought the whip down on the angry hortss, and this time they fairly k'apul into tbc air, aud taking the bits into their teeth, broke into a mad gallop. The driver had only time for a reproachful giauce at Wat, and then began that hopeless sawing at tbe bits which is so fami iar to every spectator of a runaway team. Sofia nowsaw that the horses had become unmanageable, and though she turned a little pale, eaid- nothing but waited for wbat would happen. " Give ma the reins," said Wat, taking them by main force from the hands of the frightened driver. . Wat slackened the reins as if to take a better hold, and the horseB feeling the freedom became more outrageous. The carriage rocked r and swayed in a frightful manner. ' The driver in his alarm made ready to leap from the box, but Wat bade him keep his seat in such a tone that the man obeyed him, A little farther on, Wat saw a-ditch at the side of the road, and toward it he directed the furious horses. Too mad to notice where they were going, they plunged right into it, and in an instant the whole equipage was a wreck. Fortunately, nobody was severely hurt, as Wat made haste to ascertain. The. driver was indeed stunned, but the countess was oiiiy frightened, and Wat had no difficulty in extricating her from the ruins of the carriage. And, except for a few bruises,.the horses "were nos •onterially injured. Wilii an appcarance of great efficiency. Wat worked hsujse^i, anddirected the people wio 11 c'iod arcund, until be had g?t one bors'.. f:ce. He had cut the harness all to pieces in his eflj: is to get the struggling animal out of .'•'lit: (ii'icu, so that all it had on was tbe 'bridle.' Tiie driver by this time had recovered his wits, and was loudly upbraiding Wat for tbe mischiSf he had done. "S. fia, who bad been watching Wat with hardly restrained wrath, no sooner heard the driver's words than a quick suspicion seized her, and, with wr.iihftxl eyes, she sprang toward tiiin, and ezelaimed: ' You say it was bis fault ?" " Yi s, madam ; he took the whip from me. and JaEtisd UitJ. horses until they were furious." Waj had kspt his eyes on the countesB all the time, and now, as he saw her turn angiiiy to some of the men,-as if to order them, he sprang oa the horse he had freed. - *• 1 will go'for-help, madam!" he shouted, as lic'.pitt hee/s to the horse, and went away in the direction of the fortress. , The oti;er -horse by this time had been freed, and was standing, trembling, with the harness banging on it all awry. Wat, locking around, saw' tbe countesB toy tbe side. of the horse, tearing Ahe 'harness from his back^' - */ - ' . ."Aa 1 iivej.l heiieveshe is going to have me followed.i-lffo-^—sheisgoing to follow.me. herself. S'ae will not trust Bnybpdy but herself to carry the message of death." He was .right;. The countess had grasped the idea thatit was a ruse to deprive her of her revenge, x obtained at such-a cost, and, like the furyshe was, had determined toiide the horse he'ssAf rather than run thei risk of losing what was, altcr her love forTvah/ tlie dearest passion of her heart. ' . Wat saw her mounted on her borse/ and saw her set out at full gallop after him, 1 riding with thfe fearlessness^of an Amazon." • " -He had a good start, and, riding as well as she did, he co'uld^itevertheless get tnoreont of bis horee than she out of hers.. . He could -not' gain half-an-hour, but he would do the best he could, and by rapid vvoiii might jet save the girl. . If hu found-the passage readily, and everything worked as easily as Gresser had • said, . ; he might be.in time. At any rate; it was now or never, and he. rode as if his own life depended onitr Aud Sjfia.pursued iiim ao only hate can' pursue. • ' It seemed as if she had smelled the blood of her victim, and thirsted for it. ' . Would she drink it, or would it be snatched from her. CHAPTER XXVI. FBOM QDAEET TO PEISON. Wat urged his horse to. the very limit of its speed, and as they were now oat of the settled parts of the city there was no danger in doing so. Sofia followed with a furious determina tion, which kept her nearer to him than Wat liked. Still he could see tbat he was gaining on her, and before they came in sight of the fortress he was out of the reach of her eye. As soon as he was aware of this, he swept around toward the quarry and, alighting, gave the horse a sharp. slap, which sent it on past the fortress. A quick glance around-showed him that he was not observed, and he at once slipped down into the quarry excavation. This took him out of the range of Sofia's vision when she should come nearer to the fortress. The tree spoken off by Gresser was unmistakable, and Wat made for it without a moment of delay. Indeed, Sofia was so near to him that it was now doubtful if he would be able to reach the room in which Vera was confined before sbe did. However, he leaped up into the tree to the limb indicated by Gresser, and crawling out upon it, sought the groove mentioned. He found it without difficulty, and pulled on it. Thei-ock rolled back as had been described, and he leaped in and closed it again behind him. ... ' , He took time to light his tiny detective lantern; although he knew every moment was yaluable. But he knew he would waste more time without a light than with one. He now hurried rapidly along, and reached the end of the passage without any difficulty. The ring was plainly in sight, and without hesitating or waitiug to hear, if possible, what was going on in the room above, he caught itand pnllcd. The comer of the room swung aside, leav ing a hole large enough for a big man to pass through. . ' Wat knew there was not a second to lo9e so he sprang up through the opening, and glanced about the room. The mcvs-ncnt of the stone had been so silent that Vera had not been disturbed by it, and it was only as Wat sprang into the room that she raised her head from a book she was reading. At the same moment Wat's quick ear caught-the sound of feet in the corridor out-1 side. 1 Vera started for a moment, and then was about to-scream for help. " Hush 1 Not a word 1 I come from Ivan, to save you !" Vera looked at him wildly, but neither spoke nor moved. The steps v^ere now close to the door. Ther^ was not a moment to lose if he hoped to get Vera away. ,, There was no time to explain or get Vera's ro-onaration in ths flisbt. He must take her away by force. He jumped to her side at the very moment that the key was turning in the lock. Taking her in his arms, he put his hand over her mouth to stifle. her attempt to cry cut, and carried her to the opening, and not any too gently thrust her into it. Then be sprang down himaelf, and closed the opening just in time to'cut off the cry of terror made by Vera when she found herself cast into what seemed to her a dark dungeon. _ A faint noise in the room just left told Wat that he had not-, been a second too soon. - . No doubt there was great'confuBion in the room, but only a little of it penetrated to where they stood. . . "Comel 'Baid Wat. "Who - are you? What do you want?" demanded Vera. " I am the American detcctiva, Denton. Have you forgotten meetfeoon V " Oh, she cried, joyfnijy, now; I know your voice, but I aid hot recognise your face, and you came upon ma so iuddeuly that I was frightened.- How do you come herein such a mysterious way ? is Ivan well 2" " Yes,. Ivan is well; but We must get away from here to the opening of this passage. But, stop 1 How long .is it since you were" visited by any of the prison officials J" " About an hour ago,-when one' of the men came to take the dinner dishes away." "Then tbey will know, ycu cannot be far away. Harkl They are sounding the walls now." Wat listened for some time until he was satisfied that the way into the passage had not been discovered, and then he led Vera to the farther end of the passage. He knew well enough that it would not be safe- to venture out until night, and not even then without taking every precaution against capture. - Sofia would be sure :to connect him with the escape and would have every avenue guarded. The escape o! Vera meant the loss of Ivan, and her woman's wits would be sharpened to avert tbe catastrophe. When tbey reached. the entrance to the passage," Wat opened tbe rock a very little and then they could hear the booming of the guu which proclaimed tbe escape of a prisoner. -Descriptions of them both would be scattered broadcast over the country and liberal rewards' oEered for their recapture. Movement abroad wouM therefore be fraught with the utmost danger. They , might have stayed where they were but for one thing.' If it had not already suggested itself it soon would tbat the very character of Vera's escape made some secret exit from the room nfcessary. Consequently there would undoubtedly be search made for such an" exit, and the walls of the room would,-probably be torn away. Discovery in that case would be inevitable; and thenj if 'they were in the passage, they would certainly be discovered. Still, there was no choice but to wait for night to come; and preparing himself for a struggle if the need were; Wat sat down and 1 the time recounting to Vera the "events of ' the time she bad : been in prison. Nor did he now' conceal from her her own danger in being captured. -She had been kept in ignorance of the fate in store foj her, and though, she felt -sick at the thought of what she bSd escaped, she was only imbued -with the more courage to resist capture.' • at had- not overestimated her brave spirit; and he .was not at all surprised to hear her ^sk for some weapon' to" at once defend herself or, if nieed werei kill he&elf;'rather than again fall into the cruel-hands of the government." \"v v -''":•'" '".-'• He gave hex his'dagger< ¥ " Ah,"""she sighe'3, " if Twere bniy safe in' America, with.Ivan by my side ?" '' You shall he. Do not doubt it; I am sure we shall evade them and get safely out of thisaccnrsed country.. Uj^on my word I do not wonder that there are. nihilists in a land where life, and death, sorrow, suffering, and shame, are mere playthings in tbe bands of One weak-minded man. How shall we ever, pay you for what you have already done, hot to speak of what you propose to do V . Ivan's • father will settle my bill," answered Wat, laughingly,'" ^ "Ah, but money does not pay for such service." Well, let us wait until Ivan's bride asks me to name my own reward. If she remembers it "then, I shall have it ready to name." •* Do you think I shall forget bow you have risked your life so nobly to save mine?" " Spare my blushes, countess." ''You are laughing at,'me, and I am in earnest." Wat was laughing, though he was in anything but a laughing mood. He was desperately anxious, indeed, for the result of the adventure* but be did not wish Vera to lose hope, and so he made a pretence of lightness of heart he did not in reality feel. CHAPTER XXVII. KIHILIST OE SOLDIER. At different times during the afternoon they saw through their air-bole an armed guard pass on the upper side of the quarry, showing that all the environs of the fortress were heihg guarded. This was an evidence that a secret passage was suspected, otherwise there would have been no sense in placing guards in such outof-the way places. Several times during tbe few hours before dark Wat had run back to the end of the passage to learn if any attempt was "yet being made to discover a secret way out of the room. If any attempt was being made it was where Wat could not hear it, for it was not until darkness had fairly come tbat he heard the unmistakable sound.of a pick, in the room. The moment the sound reached his ear he ran back and exclaimed : " We must take our "chances now and go, for tbey are at the door of your room." " I am ready. And have no fears for my courage. lam only a weak little, woman, but I can be brave." " I do not doabt it." He first stole out to reconnoiter. Climbing the face of the quarry on the side where he had seen tbe guard pass-so often, be waited fur hiui to come around. The soldier came at his .regular methodical pace, thinking no doubt of everything else but the man lurking along the edge of the quarry. A sii'ldcn plan entered Wat's head. The s->ldier carae rearer aiid nearer, and Wat drew himself up into a heap that resembled anything but a human buing when seen through the gloom. The man was not three yards ofr. Now he was by the very side of the motionless heap. If he saw it at all he paid no attention to It. He had passed Wat. And now, like a tigcr-cnt. the dcteclive leaped on him and brought him strangling to . the ground. To bind him, gaghim, and then carry him around to where he CO-JI-'I DESCMD with him into the quarry, was "not a long task. He left him under the walnut tree, and then went up for Vera. Her be left at the farther eidc of tbe quarry, first telling her wbat he vrcs <:"ing to do in ordsr that she might not be aiarmed when she saw a soidier approaching her. For it was his intention to play soldier for a while. He robbed the man of bis coat, hat, and • rifle, and, returning io Vera, started out with ker. He led the way, while she followed close behind him. I HiB present plan was to get as far away j from the fortress as possible. 1 He knew that every avenue of escape out! of the city would be well guarded, but near . the fortress all the exits would be particu- ' larly well cared for. They proceeded in this way for some distance, and Wat had begun to think that he. would reach the thickly settled part of the city without detection, when he suddenly found himself confronted by a sentinel, who demanded: . . " Who goes tberei", Wat's' only answer was a blow with the hutt-of his rifle, which laid the soldier at full length upon" the ground. It was tbe only thing to do, but a dangerous thing, nevertheless, for -here the streets had an occasional passer, and one ofthem might take it "into bis head to inquire into the cause of the fracas. Without waiting for such a thing, however, Wat hurried on, with Vera holding by his arm. Presently they could hear a shot from a rifle, and they knew that somebody had found the 6oldier in the street. Taking Vera under his -arm, Wat almost ran until he saw some people ahead of him, when he changed to a walk, though aot yet giving np her arm. Now they could hear an alarm sounded by the local watch, and they knew that in a few moments the -street would be alive with soldiers. 'And worse yet, the rifle of some guard was now fired five times in rapid succession, conveying too evidently some sort of -intelligence to every soldier within hearing of .the sound. - • The outlook was a desperate one, but it was not unexpected by of the fugitives. . " If it comes to the worst," said Vera, as they hurried along, " do yon" save, yourself. There is no need for both' of us being caught." "It has not come to tbe worst.yet. I never see . the end till I reach it. As for leaving you, that is out cf the question. While 1 live I remain with yon, for capture now means a horrible death." "I.shall not be captured. I have your dagger.; What is that?" " Three soldiers.' Let them look to their lives now. I have avoided killing, but if it be a choice of their lives or mine,. I will try to make it theirs." " Who goes there?" cried 'one of the soldiers at sight of the .couple. "Only a comrade on a spree. Let me pass or I'll .be in a scrape." They were in the lighted streets now, and people were plenty in the windows' and doors, but hone in the street. : At the first sound of this alarm " ;they had : all been ordered indoors. ; -. " Let us see this comrade," said one of the men, advancing close to-Wat. " All of yon look at me. One of you piay know me." " .!'" • He advanced quickly toward thdm all, for he did not want them to separate or tpliave him at other than close quarters. They ' peered suspiciously at "him ias he came up to them, but he gave them np time to act. As soon as he was near enough he suddenly.-raised his rifle, and with a forward hruat crushed the man's nose and stunned, him. Then, before any of the others could do anything, he-swung his gun about and let it fall with stunning effect on the head of the nearest. As quickly as' this was done, howeverj': the third soldier had time to. recover his wits. He raised his gnn-and, taking quick ~4im, : fired atWat. . : i" Tlfe hall passed tfcrou'gH Wat's ' clothing and carried away a piece of flesh. He felt the smart, and not knowing how badly he was hurt, sprang at the man, who - had retreated a step, and felled him with a crushing blow. - By this time other soldiers had been attracted by the noise, and their steps could be heard rapidly approaching. The end of their flight seemed close at hand, and the brave little countess, .true to her determination, had drawn h?r dagger, to die rather- than be captured for the cruel fate reserved for her, when Wat. with a last desperate attempt, dashed into one :of the houses, through the men. standing' there, dragging Vera after him. . . As soon as he was in the hall he turned and caught the countess in his arms, and fled up the stairs. • He heard a step. bebind bim, and when he reached the first landing, turned quickly to strike tbe man down. " Hold !" whispered the man.. " What's yourcrime?" . , ' '• Nothing. We are escaping from prison." "What charge?" ' "Nihilism." " Are you guilty?" " No, but we will be if ever we get our freedom. Curses on such a government." " You are not a soldier?" " No; I stole the coat and hat when I escaped." " Will you rish yout life on the truth of wbat you say ?" "I will." " And tbe woman's ?" " I speak for myself," said Vera, boldly. "Ido not know who you are nor what you can do for us, but I swear to you that I will henceforth, do my utmost against the infamous government tbat, without a bit of proof and without a .ghost of a trial, would condemn me to the knout to gratify the. malice of a vile woman." " Yon are Vera Hadolinski ?" "lam." ''I will detain you no longer," said the man, with a sudden coldness. " Slop !'' "aaid Wat. " You arc about to make a fatal mistake. Yon can save us. Do so, and I will explain to you what will save your society annihilation." Whr>are.you J" "Iamthe'man who informed . the Chief of Police that the Czar ivas to be killed." " A traitor T' "N.i; as much of a patriot as you. There ! Do yoS bervr ? The gup.nl is at the door. Wili you save us and y<mr country, or will you let us be taken ?'' " C.in"i<i! :f y<Mi have deceived we, your life wiil be worth less than it is at tbie moment." CHAPTER XXVIII. ONCE MOKE WITH THE NiniLISTS. Th'j man ran a"her.d of th-:m up tbe remaining flii-nt of ttiirs, and into a room. He c.oenid a cks.-t. ia the roam,and going into it, brckont-d ihcm to follow him. Tney did so, and he shut the door. " The noise of the si-Miere on the stairs was plainly to be heard. " Com'*. w : th me." man took hold of Wat's sleeve, and Wat caught Vera by the a;m. They passed through a sort of dcor, and thni tbey heard a faint click behind them. Thr-ir conductor now opened another door, which led into a room in which was gathered a family group, Ogareff 1" . said the man, sententiously, and the company bowed, without a word. Icic another closet, and into onotlicr room by a Stcrvt door, they were led. Aud this was repeated for several houses, at each house thus entered the man using tbe 7.ord " O^areffi " as bi3 passport. At last he askel of one man whose house bad been so invaded : " Where are the soldiers ?" " Six doors from here, hunting for the fuffi lives." The man turned to Wat aud Vera. "You still amy take your chauccs with the soldiers or with us. Which shall it be 1 We are as merciless to traitors as the Czar is to the nihilists." " We are not traitors. We will go with you. If yau save us, we can no less save you. Lead the way." The man opened the back door, and, first peering cautiously around, ran across the yard, hueeing hugging the fence as be he ran. Wat and Vera followed his example, and were alongside of him in a second. A tumble-down shanty stood in the rear of the yard, and it was into this that the man led tbern. There he stopped again, and addressed them solemnly: . " You have insisted on coming here, and I have no more to say on that score, but ! warn you tbat you are taking your lives in your own hands." " We are aware of that, and do not fal- •ter." Removing a board from the back end of the shanty, the man passed through to the other side, and when they had followed him replaced the board. They found themselves in a stable, or rather the rear end of a stable, where all the refuse was piled np. . Picking his way through the dirt, the man took them to a ladder leading to the cellar. Dark as it was down there, he had no difficulty in making his way, and again he took Wat by the sleeve, while Wat led Vera. Wat could indistinctly make out that they were approaching the opposite wall, buttbat was all. When they reached there, the man felt about until he had found what he wanted, and that he pressed with his finger, 'making Wat surmise that it was an electric bell. _ He was the more sure of it when he saw him, a moment later, press it with the varying regularity of a signal. Presently a part of the wall seemed to" melt away, and they were. led into an apartment beyond. Here they were challenged by a muffled voice, and their guide answered : " Ogareff. Two strangers pursued by the soldiers and claiming the protection of our society. . A .man and a woman. Man a stranger, but claims to have given information against those who lately tried to serve their country. Woman Vera Eadolinski." "Let them wait here." There was an absolute silence for a few minutes, save for the slight noise made by the three persons breathing. Suddenly there was a stream of light shot across the apartment, which fell so on the two fugitives that anybody properly situated could study their laces. It was evidently for such a purpose that the light had been set upon them, for -in a few minutes a voice said : "Conduct them." " Come," said their leader. And they followed bim through the darkness once more, and through another door. They heard a clicking behind them, and then of a sudden a flood of light illumined the room where they were. They fouud themselves in a large room almost filled with men and women masks. It was a weird and uncomfortable sight to feelthemsalves bein^ stared at by so many pairs of "eyes withost being able to see a- sinsle face; Vera clung to Wat as if sbe felt that now everything dependbd on bim. \ For she fully realised that there was to be a war of wits. Several-minutes passed in a si lent Rcrutiny by tbe -assemblage. At last one of them said : _ ' . - " The woman is Vera Radolinski./accused ofthe murder of her brother and of beinjra nihilist. The latter charge is nntrue, for she is the enemy of the nihilists." • Vera at. this withdrew from Wat, and saidwith' a noble air: " The former charge is untrue, and "until this night I aeknowledgp I have been the enetny. of: the nihilist. Now I am" his ' friend." "Why?" " Becau'se, being a victim of tbe government, I can 6ee the better the justice of your cause." "•Who is the man?" Wat stepped forward, dropped the rifle he had'iheld in "bis hand, threw oC- the soldier's coat and hat which he. had worn, and appeared in the "disguise lent him by Gresser. . " Who am I? I am the man who prevented tbe death of the Czar." " At least, you have courage to come here with such an assertion." , " It is my title to your consideration." "Explain." ' "No here. Let me retire with the members of your council." " We have no secrets. Any council we may have is only for convenience, not for secrecy." " Such a statement as I have to make were i better made to a few. Surely tbe few can afterwards reveal all I have said." •' True, but it seems unnecessary." " It is not unnecessary, however. What Iihave to say is of vital importance." " We should be the best judges of that." "For your own good I must refuse to speak except to a selected few." .Impatient at Wat's obstinacy, the man turned to his comrades and said: • " What is your will, my friends?" " Do as be asks," was the almost unanimous answer. The man at this conferred with the others in a low voice, and, rs a result, ten of tbe persons there separated from the rest and led the way to a door at the -farther end of theroom. " Come," said Wat, frniiis: to Vera. " Leave her behind,said a voice from among tbe ten. " She must go with me." " By Heaven, she shall not 1" cried several members of the body, springing forward as if by a concerted movement, Wat at once sprang bnck to her side, and in a firm voice i-xclaimed : We go together." Those who had sprung forward immedi aiely assumed a threatening attitude, and to Wat it seemed as if a premeditated attempt was going to be made to part him from Vera. Knowing as he did tbc share Sofia had in the nihilislic movement, be was on his guard against tiercbeTy. Il'i caught up the rifle be had dropped, and stood on tbe defensive.(7c be continued.) 