The Advertiser. PUBLISHED EVERY TUESDAY. THURSDAY AND SATURDAY MORNING. Bairnsdale, Saturday, January 4,1890. THE practice pursued in the country towns of Victoria on New Year's Eve, by a certain class of men, of levying black mail, in time shape of drink, from the hotolkeepora and private residents, will have to be suppressed. It is ac. countable not only for a considerable amount of debauchery, but also for no small amount of crime, and should not be tolerated by . peaceable and law abi ling citizens., The man who, whether with thlu; view of being accounted "a jolly good follow," or from fear of violence to his person or property, yields to the demands of those roughs Who knock him up or invade his house, lacks true moral courage, and is guilty of a neglect of duty, if not of something much worse. While people countenance the prac tice of supplying cheap drink. iudie. eriminately to such callers, only the one result can be looked for-drunk euness and disturbances, and a greater increase year by year in the class of persons who adopt this mode of "see ing the old year out and the new one in." If, on an ordinary night in the year, gangs of drunken men were to indulgo in the same riotous con duct as they were guilty of on Tues. day night last, each and everyone of the offenders would be called on to answer for his misconduct at the police court. The wrath of the com munity would not be appeased at the more violent or the ringleaders of the gangs being brought up for punish moent. All taking part in the disturb. ances would be proceeded against. Because, however, it happens to be New Year's night, an undue amount of latitude is allowed a class of men in the streets that would not be tolerated by the police on any other occasion. Men that should be locked up for being drunk and disorderly are simply "moved on" from the vicinity of the hotels. A more discreditable state of affairs than that which prevailed in Main street in the early hours of Wednesday morning last was never brfore witnessed heard of in the town, and if the tales of misdeeds recounted in the police court next day disclosed the full extent of the offences com mitted by the roughs who swarmed the streets on that occasion, thle record would be a bad enough one in toe con. science. But unfortunately the anoy ance private residents subered, and the indignities they were eubjectoedA.'sn ome instances, woere of the". ?,t wanton and brutal description.? '?ci. vats dwellings were entered, 'sad the inmates aroused from their eluhbers to find a gang of rowdies in poseession, who could not be dislodged unless by resorting to physical force or bribing them with drink or money. In other canes movable property wasv destroyed or removed, and altogether the night was one that the residents will not readily forget. That the town is greatly undermanned in the number of police constables stationed here is admitted by everyone, and quite recently the small force here was reduced to supply a neighboring township with poece protection. All other towns of the size of Bairnsdale have at least a force of five men, but, including the eargeant, we have but three men. After Tuesday night's experience the town ought nel to be allowed to remain a day longer at the mercy of a class of roughs who appear to have taken up their abode here, and who will have to be der.It with summarily if peace and order are to be maintained. Our usual weekly supplement, con. taining the continuation of the serial story, The Manager's Favorite, is issued with this day's publication of The Advertiser. The ordinary monthly meeting of the Bairnedalo Commercial and Pro gress Association will - be held on Monday evening next, at the shire hall, at eight o'clock. The marine excursion to the En trance on New Year's Day, in aid of the Bairnedale District Hospital, was an unqualified success, each of the four steamers chartered by the committee, the Ethel Jackson, J.C.D., Tanjil and Emu, having about their full comple ment of passengers, and it is expected that between £70 and £80 will be the net proceeds of the day's outing. Stoppages were made both ways at Metung, and a stay of about three hours was given at the Entrance. The members of the hospital committee personally supervised the carrying out of the arrangements, which were of an eminently satisfactory nature through out, and the officers and crews of the steamers are to be commended for the readinesse they exhibited to minister as far as lay in their power to the com fort of their passengers. Yesterday there was trucked from Melbourne to Bairnedale a steam launch, 31ft long and 10ft beam, for the use of the pilot at the Entrance. By the same train was also sent the long-promised life boat and life saving apparatus. The whole will be un trucked at the station to-day and conveyed to the Entrance, an officer from the department having arrived by yesterday afternoon's train to superintend the. conveyance of the launch and the life boat to the Eni. trance and the fitting up of the life saving apparatus. Mr. Allan. M'Lean, the member for Gippelond .North, has notified Mr. W. D. Hoywood, the secretary of the lairnsdolo branch of the Victorian Farmers and Gradziers' Protection As. sociation, 'thit 'the Chief Secretary, Mr. Deakin, will be prepared to visit lBairnsdale on Thursday, the 10th inst., or the following Thursday, to deliver his address ontt irrigation, and that if tlohe banquet to be given him (Mi. M'Leau) by the asueiation were hold on the evening previous, Mr. Doakin could also attend it. The association will thiiafternonrii he asked In adopt one of tihe two dates nanmed for the banquet-Wednoesday, the 15th inst., or Wednesday, the 22nd. The weather in and around Bairns dale on New Year's Day was favorable to holiday.making, but on Thureday, up to mid-day, the heat was intense, the thermometer: registering 100 degrees in the shade in liain-street, or three degrees higher than in the city of Adelaide. At one o'clock a thunderstorm broke over the town, and i heavy downpour followed. Yeester day the weather was nmost enjoyable. Among the New Year honors con ferred by Her Majesty, cablegrams announced that the Speaker of the Logislative Assembly of Victoria, the Hon. H. M. Davies, has been created a Knight Bachelor. The dignity of knighthood has also beeoon conferred on the Hon. J. C. Bray, Speaker of the South Australian Hiouso of Assembly. A special meeooting of the Bairnedale branch of the Victorian Farmers' and Gradziers' Protection Association has been convened for this afternoon, at half-past two o'clock, at the shire hall, to fix the date for the banquet to be tendered to Messrs M'Loan and Foster, the members for Gippeland North and East, and to make the final arrangements in connection there wtih. The schooner John and Elizabeth, which was reported to have been wrecked on the Ninoty.mile Beach last week, when on her way round to Melbourne from the Tambo River, arrived at Hobson's Bay on New Year's Day. Thursday, 23rd inst., has been up. pointed as the day before which votes of the shire councils for the election of members of the Board of Public Health must be sent in. The steamer J.C.D. is announced to run a special excursion to the Entrance to.morrow, leaving the Bairnodale wharf at half.past 9 a.m. and return ing in the evening. At the approaching conference of the Australasian Association for the Advancement of Science, several im portant papers will be read in relation to the geological formation of the colony. In fact, it will be the first occasion on which the physical features of Victoria will be discussed in an exhaustive manner both from practical and tlheoretical standpoints. The Minister of Mines has, says the Age, directed Mr James Stirling, assistant Government geologist, to give every assistance to the association by the preparation of papers explanatory of the geological features of the colony. Mr Stirling has collated a large amount of information from the official records of the department, and these will be supplemented by geological maps drawn on a large scale, and printed in various colors to illustrate the different metalliferous deposits and formations. A system was introduced a few years ago by which facilities were afforded for colonial vbuths to obtain a naval and military education in England. Intelligence has been re ceived from a private source, states the Age, that Mr Arthur Akehurst son of Mr A. P. Akehuret, president of the Central Board of Health, who was nominated by Sir Henry Loch in February, 13888, as a naval cadet, has been the first to paess the examination for midshipmen. The successful candi date was attached to the training ship Britannia at Dartmouth. Mr Geo. C. Miln, the distinguished Shakesporian actor, is advertised to give an entertainment in the Theatre Royal, on Monday evening, the 13th inst. Mr Miln has made sa great a reputation in the Australian colonies and America as an exponent of the plays of the immortal bard, that the opportunialty of hearing him will doubt less be embraced by a sufficient number of our citizens as to tax the theatre to its utmost capacity. The programme includes scenes from Hamlet, Julius Cesar and Romeo and Juliet, and con. cludes with Charles Dickees's ever popular and pathetic sketch " A Christmas Carol." From this it will be seen that all testes have been con. suited, and a great treat may be ex pected. One of the chief causes of complaint against the Mining department in the past has been the absence of maps giving a comprehensive view of the geological formation of the colony. It is no exaggeration to say that in one direction alone thousands of pounds would have been saved to prospectors who undertook the development of the carboniferous areas of Gippeland if they had been able to obtain some idea of the information collated by the officers of the mining department, but quietly pigeon holed. The recent developments of the coal measures of Gippoland having clearly demonstrated the fact that they are of a payable I nature lan awakened the department to the fact that a map should be pro. pared, distinguishing the various locali ties in which brown and true coal exists, and indicating those places where there is a possibility of similar deposits being discovered. Mr James Stirling, the assistant Government t geologist, is now engaged, says the Age, in the preparation of such a map, which will deal with the immense car- f boniferous deposits embraced within the shires of Mornington and Buln Buln. The production is certain to be of groat scientific anl commercial ealus. The new penny pdotage ratcaeaton unto effect on Wedneaday in Victoria. The present minimum rate for letters is .d for half an ounce. In connection with this change the price of cards and envelopes bearing ld embossed stamp will be reduced to l 3d per dozen. I Two cards or envelopes will be e6ld for 2}d, but cards or envelopes sold slngly will bt charged lid each. A new penny stamp will be issuod in connectiou with the penny postage. It is of a brownish red colour, the anmo sizo as the two- penny stamp now in useo, and of simple but neat design. It is very muac like the old penny stampo formerly used in the United Kingdom. The Roev. Canon Watson, says thlr 'imee, leaves England for Australia on the 17th of this month by the steamer.) Ormuz, which should arrive at the latter end of February, We are sure the rev. gentleman . will he warmly werlcomed on his return to lippeland. The death of an old and highly re apected Gippeland residelt, Mrs iMat. thew Macalister, is announced in yesterday's imnes. The deceased lady, who weas a friend to everybody, died after a very short illness at Richmond, where she had been residing for some time. Mr Justice Kerford died at Sor- rento early on Tuesday morning last, in his 59th year. His Honor, who was sworn in exactly four years ago last Monday, was nassiduous in the performance of his duties, and ap parently in health when the Supreme Courts went into vacation on Friday week, whereupon he immediately loft his mansion at Glen Iris to reside with Ihis family at Sorrento during the summer season. It appears that the deceased judge, sho wnas a man of strong physique and constitution, only became indisposed on Saturday night, and then not so seriously as to cause his medical attendants—Dr Goodall, of St. Kilda, and Browning, the resi- dent medical officer of the Portsea Quarantine Station — to apprehend danger, but His Honor's condi tion became rapidly worse, and he expired, as stated, a little be- fore daylight. Mrs Kerford nursed her husband with the utmost solicitude during the last hlours, and she will have the sympathy of the people of the colony in her great bereavement. Accounts are at the receipt and pay office, Bairnsdale, for Alexander and Jew, F. A. Bennet, W. Armstrong, Bairnsdale Ladies' Benevolent Society, Beonang Prospecting Committee, J. Brotherton, T. A. Bryant, C. A. Commine, H. Cousene, R. P. Cameron, F. H. Dawson, T. Evans, E. Foley, T. Frances, J. - Harcoan, F. Kreym borg, J. S. Lester, C. Marriott, J. C. M'Kinley, C. Noville, J. Nichol, Orboat Prospecting Committee, J. E. Pleydell, H. Reid, A. M. Roadlnight, J. W. Steven, G. Storey, W. P. Sullivan, H. Stoney, Tambo Shire Council, J. Thompson, J. G. Williams, J. Woodger,J. A. Watt, A. Watson, B. Cox and N. Cameron. A meeting of the committee of the Bairnedale Racing Club will be held this afternoon at two o'clock at the Albion Hotel, to settle accounts in connection with the late race meeting. The adjourned summoned meeting of the Barnesdale Lodge of the Grand United Order of Oddfellows will be held on Monday evening next, at eight o'clock. The Treasurer of New South Wales claims to have a surplus of £200,000. It is reported that several people at Albury are suffering from mange, caught from dogs. Two young girls were fatally injured at Perth (W.A.) on New Year's Day by the bursting ofa kerosene lamp. The Irish delegates have received over £5000 in New Zealand. Three young men were found drowned in Sydney harbor on New Year's day by the upsetting of a boat. A child has been frightened to death by a ghost, introduced at a family party, in Kiama (N.S.W.) Wilkins, the jerky who was so seriously injured through the falling of the ihorse he was riding in the Tattorsall's Cup, Sydney, on New Year's Day, died in the Prince Alfred Hospital at three o'clock the next morning. Mr W. H. lott, aged 24, son of Mr G. H. Mott, manager of Gordon and Gotch Limited, was accidentally drowned this morning while bathing in the Yarra at Kew. The deceased was proprietor of the Iawtslorn Advertiser and Jfew ,AMercury. The Education department notifies that a second male nassistant teacher of the fifth class is required for State school 112, Carlton, and one female junior assistant teacher each for the Broomfield and Yarraville State schools. Two men were charged at the Rush worth police court on Thursday with not extinguishing a fire where they camped, and they were sentenced to 14 days' imprinonmenit in Sheppar. ton gaol. An interesting experiment in the closing of public houses by State in terference is being tried in Hungary. The Government bas become the owner of about 10,000 public houses by the redemption of rights formerly enjoyed by landowners and communes for retailing wines and spirite. A considerable number nf the oiunaee thus acquired will be converted into public schools, but some of them will be rolet under more stringent pro. visoes for police control. Thei cost of the experiment will be between 70,000,000 and 80,000,000 florins, and this amount will be raised by a special loan. Many more wealthy communi ties would do well to inquire whether they should not improve upon the ex ample thus set them by a State that is far from being financially strong. There can be little question but that, I a ballot of the ratepayers In the shire were taken, It wult result In Charles Swan's Commerlal Stores being returned as the moet central and attractlve husiness lire mixea In allaravlale-oeatral, being adjaoaent to both pant nieceaend the railway station, and attractive, inasmuch as they are wel ieghted and airy, and are constantly tasine added to their stock the newest and most fashionable goodsa In.draolry taillnery, grocerles and crockery -AnT. To be well dressed Is to have mounted thi irst step In tie ladder or success. Seni for lattarns of clintcn wootllas antd self men. sorewent tnstroctions ta Lincoln, eiuart and C?o. Limited, oce Flindcer streei, Melbourne. Tlhsy will senit them in yon test free t they lits the largest taliarieg eotabhlhimnat in she eity. A capital hnsinean sait insteasu re for 42s.-ADy. frolic I Charlis ts there anything sabrt Ilag aboutP Yes I I earn Jast Isto WV. Orose'o saddle asd harness mobkoer estab. tishmonti and why. ho ties best quality saddles at extraordinary law priceo, and horaosa, that for qoality and price. hto challenges oserpetlioun. Its worth any ,ease while to make an tnspeotloa.-Any. Mrs l'otios bees to Inforta theo ladles atf ualrnndaln and asterronding distrit, thatt ,winc ta rehoilding her ehd shot,, site has teben temtporatry premisles next door, nwhore she ntetnds to hold s genuineo solo. Every. thing wilt he remarked anit sold oheap no saro Oatwnsec a? reitosal ; sale taeoammnso ,s tDeoemker und. Cire. tPotton sakes the ,iresentt apportnittyof thasnking, the ladies five years, and tract rain hranswendeavor to still nierit the caams. 