, The House on the Scar. A TALE OF SOUTH DEVON. \- - ? ? By Bebtha Thomas. Chapteh XIII.— DESPERATE HEMED1ES. As David stepped off the Queensbridge steamer on the landing stage at Oreatone he bethought him of Elliston'e invitation yesterday to pay his overdue call at the Monnt. Not wishing to make himself conspi cuous by neglect of the usages of polite society, he decided to look in there on his way back. Both* hus band and wife were at home. Hardly had the drawing-room door closed on the ser vant who announced him than David was reminded that your evil genius never really deserts you. His had prompted him to drop in upon them at what was obviously the worst moment he could have chosen— the heat of a conjugal dispute; essentially petty, no doubt, but taking absurd proportions at the time, by contrast with excessive fondness eclipsed. EUiston, stirred to tbe dregs, and scouting gotd man* . new, barely shook hands, and, turning away, stood at the window, taking out moodily. Amy, despiie the force of breeding and habit, sur prised'David hy showing herself almost equally incapa ble of self-control. Sbe was of a dull pallor; her eyes dry and bright and feverish ; her manner constrained and unhinged. And David had to sit between the irafe figure of tbe master of the house and bis tronbled, distracted bride and talk abeut tbe weather, silently cursing his unlucky star tbat had played him this trick. He looked blaukly round the room, an though lor help and hints. In the long pauses the wind howled dismally in ti e chimney, thorny twigs beat against the window pane, and you could hear the waves plash against the rear below the garden; sounds that might have enhanced a sense of cheerful comfort -indoors, but that fell on a mortally awkward silence, and awkwarder speech. ' Surely tbey must recover their tempers and their manners in a moment, and take pity on me,' thought the wretched guest, to whom every minute seemed un . conscionably protracted, as the gloom on Elliston's face deepened to desperation, and Amy, whilst mechanically replying to David's remarks, seemed but half awake to his presence, under some freezing mental pressure she could not withstand. David gave ihtm five minutes grace by the clock. Five awful, interminable minutes, during wbichhe ran on about the Art Exhibition at Queensbridge, and ihe \- sale of his picture there, as the safest subject he could ' think of. Amy's presence always vivified his perceptions ; and that domestic scene, trivial, sordid perhaps, in its sig nificance, though he never doubted but it was, yet took effect on his memory like some grim and uncanny picture, seen once in childhood, that leaves a lifelong impression. . . Klliston, with his wild hawk's-eye and air of reckless defiance, was like a hunted creature run down (could Amy really have been so aggravating as that?). His roving glance rested on the masts of tbe Watersprite, lying at anchor, with a flash of impatience, as of tbe seafarer, fretted by the silken chains ot citizen lite, yearning to his lawless element, tongue-tied, for fear of saying what he would repent. Amy, like a statue awaking, moved to depths invisible. David, though he thought he knew ber well, could make nothing of her face. He tried to read there wounded womanly dignity and pride, but the language was undecipher able; the extraordinary look in her eyes, inscrutable like that of an infant's, astray from worlds unknown to us, born into regions strange to it. And the drear, silent room, a room lull of laughter and frolic the other night ! Crackling of thorns under the pot ! 'i hose three oppressed, unhappy figures had mucn more abid ing reality and significance. The five minutes had ex pired at last, and David stood up; neither gods nor men should detain him another moment, after so inhospitable a reception. Husband and wile did not try. - 'Are you going yachting again immediately ?' he asked, just to break the awkwardness of his abrupt leave-taking by saying something. Ihe two exchanged a quick, strange glance. ' We do not know,' said Amy, quietly. ' Give me,' thought David, us he shook hands, ' ghosts in a vault for company sooner than a newly married conpJe fallen out.' 'llien tbe touch of Amy's ice-cold fingers sent a chill to his heart. At the la6t moment Elliston had recovered himself, seeming ashamed of his rudeness. ' I'll walk a bit of the way with you,' he Eaid to David, as if in half apology for his neglect of the forms of common civility. At the door Elliston turned a moment towards Amy, with an involuntary glance back of sharp scrutiny and covert mistrust that was almost apprehension. Her gaze was singular. To David it seemed to say that before he came in Elliston must have forgotten himself unnardonably; yet how. she loved him ! David breathed more 'ifxgely . nut of the house, and, anxious to meet his companion's approaches half-way, began about the first thing that came into his head. ' I saw your fellow Ned at the pier just now,' he said, about to add that he had also *een a local water man, addicted to liquor, press the contents of his flask upon the would-be teetotaller, but the other cut him snort with an interjection. ' Ned— curse him !' exclaimed Elliston, devoutly : then, breaking into a laugh, he went on : ' I can't tell you what fresh trouble he has been here. My wife well, what must she do but take it into her head that he had a grudge against me, and tbat I was in danger from his violence. All because she chanced to come on us once two or three days ago, w hen I had put him in a rage by pulling him up for some impertinence Why, you've seen vourself now the beggar obeys me like a dog. But it gave her a fright, and as she fancies she has some influence over him, she could not rest till she had inteiTogated him, hoping to work on his mind, or somehow set her fears at rest, although 1 had more than once_ strictly cautioned her against interfering with him in any way. I was annoyed. The fellow's mischievous, or might become son at any moment. I want te get rid of him.' ' Why have you kept him so long f' Elliston hesitated a moment. ' Well, the truth is, years ago we went sliares in a business venture,', he confessed, confidentially. ' 1 lost sight of him after, at a time when I was somewhat in his debt. It went about that he was drowned ; but he had got into some scrape and was hiding. He hasn't a bit of paper to show, but his claim is just, and he served me a good turn once. Why. the devil must he down upon me at a moment when 1 don't know where to look for a five pound note ? By the way, I suppose you could not let me have fifty pounds for a week -:r two f' ! ' Fifty pounds?' ! ' It wonld square that account for me, and we 1 should be ridot a nuisance; I don't like to send him away without bis due. Mrs. Elliston's apprehensions : are absurd. Ned would never dare lift a finger against me— 1 fancy he thinks I'm bullet- proof. But his presence about is injurious to Mrs. Elliston, who is unwell and nervous. ,lf only lor her sake, I am anxious to get quit of him for gocd, with as little delav as possible.' * ! David entered Lannacombe with his purse as light as when he started for Queensbridge. He did not repent the service done. The domestic cloud would lift as quickly as it had arisen. He saw it all now. Amy bad disobeyed her husband's express injunctions, and ? there had been an explosion ; but she would see she had been wrong, and forgive the 'ill-temper she had pro voked ; she was not prone to exaggerate things. Elliston would pay off his importunate hanger-on. Fifty waB a likelier sum than the other to represent the claim of his former shipmate ; and Ned would go home to the antipodes, to the general satisfaction. Next day hiB sisters, those fair newsmongers, regaled him at lunch with two bits of gossip. 'Firstly, the Watersprite was getting ready for sailing, but it was j not certain whether the cruise would come off. Amy |1 was not very well. Secondly, that Monkey Ned ha'd li got into a brawl last night at the Turk's Head, and the jf ' police were after him for assault and disorderly con- M duct; but he had taken to his heels, after his exploit, W and not shown himself again at the Mount or in Ore- || stone; thus conveniently relieving his master of him- J; self and his importunity at once. David wondered what would be done with die fifty pounds. David the dreamer had his reactionary moods of hard -* sense : one was now upon him. Contemplating his recent behaviour, the facility with which his first earn ings had transferred, themselves from his pocket to Elliston's, his absorption in what, to speak leniently, was no business of hie, the misunderstandings between Amy and her husband, the waste and worse of his time, his procrastination in dangling, on here — he blufihed for shame and felt that his family's most mer ciless disdain was too good for his real deserts. Love, the highest^ the purest, as lord of all, is no more to be | trusted than other despots. He must shake off its absolute rule. _ He would go from Orestone and all % that conid remind him of Amy — past and present. j But he could not beg his way, like the Neds of the j world, and hiB father, a good-natured man, but who 1 stuck to his principles, bad forcibly objected from the first tQ.his.Bon's daubing craze by rigidly restricting his - allowance. . * David's personal estate consisted of the. sum or. £.'00, a godmother's legacy.' invested in what were then the Three per' Cents. His determination was taken that same day : to realise hie principal, go up to London and study there a year, or two, or three, under new auspices, new masters. He would live on his own money, and not ask his father to pay his way in a course he thoroughly disapproved. It was going into -exile, and the resolve, summarily acted on (that very evening he posted his letter of in structions to the bank), brought a morrow of bitter aod gloomy contemplations. He spent it in a farewell ramble on the perilous slopes under Roden Down, too restless and excited to sketch or paint. The end of that day of solitude and depression found him further than ever from peace with himself. He wonld not go home to dinner; lie felt ns though he would rather never see his family again than expose himself at that moment - to that banjo-twanging, quiz zing, bank-holiday atmosphere — to seek it as impossible as to *walk into thfe stifling fumes of a mephitic gas. He lingered «n the undercliff as the early darkness . , gathered over sea and land. That was the wildest point, of the wild stretch of down. He lay extended upon a clump of thrift near the . coastguard's path, a few hundred yards from Ralph's Hole. If he turned his head he could see the briar-choked mouth' of the old smuggler's cave from where he lay, watching the distant black outline of Neptune's crown growingdimmerand undefined, and the waves plashing at the foot of the undermined cliff; as averse to retracing his steps as a boy who has run away from school. A day of slender fare, hard muscular exertion, and chagrin- within. He was dead tired now and his spirit flagged, whilst he hated and despaired of himself for collapsing. He had lain there for two hours, like a stone, feeling, as even young men may feel, as if he had literally thrown off the burden of life, and would thank the destroying angel who should pass and save him from having to shoulder it again. Perhaps he had slept, when— what is it that distin guishes the footfall of the human animal, or the sound of his slightest movement, from all other sounds ? David started nervously at an imperceptible rustle as he would not at the trample ot a stray bull, or the stampede of a hundred rabbits or flight of a flock of curlew's, or the fall of a boulder of rock. Raising his head he saw something move m the gloom, in the direction of the smuggler's cave, a figure clambering monkey-like on hands and knees up the cliff-side to the white-stone track; some belated, inde fatigable tourist, or the dead smuggler's ghost. 1 f the latter, he had changed colour in the nether world. 'Ned or th* devil,' thought David. 'Abu, poor chap; he's been hiding from the constables;' and with the natural sympathy of one miserable sinner for another when justice is dogging his footstep?, David, himself of a truant disposition, as we know, was feeling in his pocket for some silver. ' Hullo, Ned, man !' he hailed him as he rose to his feet. 'It's a friend; don't be skeered.' The run away nearly dropped with frieht it the surprise. ' I shan't peach on you, nor stop you ; cme here — there's no .gammon.' As the. fugitive hesitated, mistrustful— ' I'm not a beak,' David told him. ' Let them do their business. Here's half-a-crown, it's all I've got, and off with you to Plymouth, Ned; and get out of this country a's fast as you can. It's not for such as you.' Ned saw the silver glitter, and drew near, like a blue bottle to tbe candle flame. ' Has Elliston paid you ?' asked David \ suddenly curous. Ned's expression was a singular mixture of animal simplicity and human craft. ' No— yes,' he said, confusedly ; ' we settle it, master.' ' He has settled with you.' ' He meet me by-and-bye on Roden Down, and bring the money he promise. Those men lookiiigfor me in the town — I not dare show myself there - nbr here till after dark. I all run away and get to Plymouth same night, and find ship before they find me.' ~ David wished him good luck, and'they pkrted. Tbe hapless sailor wbb much more likely to come to grief, in his opinion, and he had a fellow-feeling for unfor tunates at odds with the established order of things. He turned in the direction of Orestone; Ned, taking the opposite, along Roden DownJ towards' the Wind stone Pits. Fiut David, hopelessly demoralised to-night, had no sooner dece tided from the headland into theGlen than, instead of pursuing his homeward way, 1& retraced the distance gone by a narrow, almost imperceptible track, straggling along, and lying about half-way down the overhanging cliffs. Only his perfect familiarity with the ground here enabled him to tread it in ihe dusk without danger of a nasty fall. The track presently ended altogether, at a point j ust opposite the grand jut of rock known as. Molt Head. . He would linger on here till 10 o'clock, so* as not to reach home until they were shutting up, and he need see nobody, nor show his face that night. Dark, but never quite dark; the dim and jagged out lines of the giant black rocks were visible. The sea was torn and ragged, making strange noises as it gurglei and welled up in the hollows underneath, where it had eaten into the cliff. Was that a whistle above— the coastguard to his dog ? The wind that haunts these points left nothing still. A despair of life, of himself, fell upon David ; a sense of horror, of desolation, filling his mind like a black vapour. It had nothing to do with the wild scene and wild weather— he was seasoned to these and to solitude— at times he loved them, they made him glad; and the unfriendly elements, the wind gone wild, the driving rain and devouring billows seemed the only right play-fellows. But his long fast and vigil, and the strain of overwalking, had helped to turn him for the hour to a morbid missionary, like some ascetic friar of old. In the lurid gloom, the night side ot nature, of human nature, of his own. were turned to- him ; misery weighed down his heart like lead: hope was banned; and a thought without a name intruded. Afraid? Of his own distorted perceptions ? of his shadow ? his next impulse? his next act? A crack— as it were of a mundane pistol — sounded distant and above ; he could not be sure ; the wind sang so shrilly in his ears. The sound seemed to come from far behind the lips of the overhanging cliff— some night poacher inland among the turnipe. It had broken his unwholesome reverie ; he pulled himself together— he .had beencrooning here too long. He groped his way along the slippery, precipitous face of the cliff back to the Glen. A figure descending from the coastguard path above encountered his at the cross ing of the stream that trickled through the defile. Elliston, going home, like himself. There was just light enough for the two to see each other. David named himself. Elliston stood still and silent for a minute. ' Did you hear a shot,?' asked David. *? Hear it? Look there!' Elliston showed his left hand, covered with blood, 'Received it, too. That rascal Ned running from the magistrates, and having appropriated my pistol— taking me in the dusk for the coastguard, I fancy, let it off; not intending mischief I do believe ; he fired in a fright; and then, when he saw what he had done, was so scared that he threw.away the pistol and took to hiB heels as if the devil was at them. Lucky for him I couldn't give chase in the dark!' He stooped down as he spoke, to wash some of the : blood from his wrist in the stream. ' Are you much hurt?' asked David. . ' It's not serious, but I think it's squared our account,' he said. He had bound up his hand with his handkerchief, David assisting him to fasten the ligature. __ ' You are out late, young man,' remarked Elliston, regarding him inquiringly. The young man returned die compliment ' I'.ve been for a day's fishing along the coast,'. Elliston explained. ' It was alow work getting home after the wjnd shifted, and I sent back the smack, and ..got .on shore.at Heather Mill cove.' ; ' Their ways, as far as the South Seatr, lay togetber: ' but David, whose mood was decidedly perverse to-night, invented some excuse for taking the longer way to Lan nacombe, striking inland up the Glen, to join the turn pike road, whilst Elliston followed the coastguard trade., through Dodbrooke Walk, to the South Scar and the Mount. Chapter XIV. -FOR BETTER, FOR WORSE. Elliston, on re-entering the Mount, went straight into the dining-room, and walked to the sideboard. The cellaret was locked. With a violent movement of im patience he strode to the door of communication with the drawing-room and opened it. Within a dim light burned, and all was still. Then some white thing sunk in a chair, fluttered slightly with, he fancied, a tremu lous shrinking from his approach, calculated desperately to annoy. 'Why are you sitting therein the dark, like crazy Jane ? ' be said, with irrepressible irritation. ?; And you've been hiding those keys again. Do give them up to me now— once for all.' Amy handed him a ring of kevs from her pocket. The next moment she perceived that in. the dusk she had mistaken tbe bunch, and she followed him quickly into the dining-room, where he was stooping to unlock the wine-cupboard. ' Here is the key that you want,' she said, putting it into his hand. Elliston took out the spirit decanter and drank off a stiff glass of its contents. It was unlike his usual habit; and he saw Amy regarding him with mute surprise. ' I've had a cold walk,' he said constrainedly ; but she continued to look — something new— something furtively fearful in her glance and manner to-night exasperated him to a high degree. ' Oh, what the devil are you staring at, ns if you had never seen me before ?' hie exclaimed, in desperation. ' Your band,' said Amy, simply, pointing to the blood-stained bandage on his wrist. ' Have you hurt it?' ' Elliston replied more pacifically. 'That infernal rascal, Ned, again! I ran across him, sneaking off to Plymouth in the dark, and hailed him, of course with no idea of hindering his escape — quite the contrary. The fool took fright and fired his pistol at random— mine, rather, that he stole — and ran away. The ball glanced off. It's only a fleBh wound. It bled a good deal, but the hurt's of no con sequence.' Amy went back into the sitting-room and lit the candles, he following. There they sat awhile near each other in a siience Amy felt curiously oppressive : but the longer it lasted, the worse it was to break. A sort of nervous affection was taking hold of her, and she could have screamed out— it would have been a relief — but was restrained bv a prevision of her consort's natural stupefaction. At last he spoke, partly breaking the spell : 'Amy, he said, abruptly, 'this snail's life with a house on my back suits me badly ; nor you much better, I should say, to judge from your looks to-night. How snon could we start for a little run in French waters, in the Sprite, just for a holiday change ?' ' When you like, ' she answered, somewhat me chanically. ' To-morrow ?' he suggested, inquiiingly. *' To-morrow is rather soon,' faltered Amy. ' Never soon enough to slip the collar and take a few days' freedom on the ocean,?' be returned, heartily. ' However, I'm not particular for a day or two. But if I'm to settle down here to the life of a clod, turn churchwarden, town councillor, and magistrate!, I must take time to get acclimatised, and stipulate for a change from it now and then— at first, any way. Now, what do you say ? Shall we go ? will you come ?' He spoke oddly, tentatively, distantly almost. ' Yes, I will come,' she ' answered^ and her ready response allayed the ill-temper she had provoked by her queer manner j ust now. 'That's right,' he said, approvingly. 'You'll be quite well when you get on board. The sea always suits you. Now upstairs with you, and get to sleep as soon as you can. I've papers to look over, and no time to lose if we're to leave the Mount to take care of itself for a while. Don't you sit up for me.' \- Amy retired. But it was early still, and never had she felt sleep bo far off, bo inconceivable. Instead of preparing to rest, she sat up' in her room, heedless of Elliston's injunctions, of bis certain vexation if he came and found her waiting. He had remarked just now on her altered appear ance, but, busy and positive, much as he might have remaikod on a rent in her gown, without assigning to it any more mental import. Poor Amy ! There has been a heavy strain on her thought since yesterday — confronted with an insolvabie problem— the disclosure to her of the actual past of the' man she loved ; so grievously different from the fancy picture her tenderness had conceived from his confessions. Knowledge which, possessed in time, might have slain . her girlish predilection ; but that had now to cope With a .woman's. love, wooed, won, kindled to a passion- - ate fondness, making self-devotion easy ; an abiding link, an imperishable heart -dependence on him, some thing the thought of his possible complete unworthi ness could not annihilate. But this strange torment, coming upon her in dis turbed health, had quickened her nerves to a pitch of abnormal suceptibility, whilst obscuring her reason and judgment. She was in a state when intuitions, emo tions, fancies, presages of the most trivial import seem absolute, and persons reckoned sane commit acts the most irrationul and puerile. She sat with her face buried in her hands. Eleven had struck, but she felt sure her husband was not coming just now. She had passed the day alone with her i rouble, trouble she could confide to none. In her present half hysterical condition the mind, whether, raised above or sunk below the common sense level, sets its axioms at defiance. She had been schooling herself all day to digest the unpalatable, to reconcile' the irreconcilable, the leanings of her heart and her conscience; she thought she had brought them into some sort of harmony ; then Elliston's entrance just now had acted on her unex pectedly. The extraordinary -shrinking she had felt from his presence — well, Bhe knew yesterday already ' what might have justified it; why had it waited till to-night to be born ? Her reason had not quite de serted her ; it warned her that her increasing mental excitability would show itself in senseless, extravagant speech and behaviour that might drive a more patient man than George out of himself by their absurdity. That she should ignore that physical ailment was tlie key to her mental disorder was part of the disorder itself. He knew no better — How like a woman's sub terfuge it looked — her license to be cross, insufferable, unreasonable, aggravating to a Jcb of a husband, and then thrust the brute's part upon him by proclaiming herself ill! A crazy, tiresome woman she would appear to him, whose humour to- night was clearly none of the best. How could she confront him, bear being laughed at, rated, though good humouredly, and overborne — in- capable as she felt of concealing or explaining her wretched mood ? A sudden noise made her start to her feet. It was only a book or some such object let fall in the room below ; all was silent again i nimediately. Bnt the clock showed her it was close upon midnight; he would be coming directly; and her vagaries culminated in a ridiculous-seeming pnnic— anything but ridiculous to the subject of it at the moment Sooner than fade him whom die loved yesterday, and might love again to morrow, she felt she could throw herself from tbe Scar under the garden into tbe sea ! Bhe opened the door, slipped down stairs, like a moon beam; the garden door was unlocked — she wasoat-in thedark, sped over the turf to the gravel drive, away down to the shuttered lodge, aid out at . the gatesinto ' the road bordering the N orth Scar. The tide was high, ? and the unquiet sea threw up splashes of yellow-foam '? that wetted her hair. Her flight hither hAd been the work of a few instants — she had been shot along Ly an irresistible impulse. Now her . strange predicament completed her mental aberration, and a'vague dread of ^cbeclr or pursuit drove her fleeing on, as if for life. The strip of road between the Moiuit and Orestone, quiet, at noonday, at midnight seemed dead as the life forbidding regions of the moOn. Soon she reached the wall 6 of the outlying villa gardens ; she knew each as she sped past between them, from the scent of clematis here, of jessamine there— and here, here at last, were the gates of Sunnvside. They yielded to her hand. She darted up the drive to the house door, and there stood leaning against it breathless, and her heart beat ing with a violence that almost took away her 4-emes. She felt like a criminal taking sanctuary, and yet a sense of the humorous inconsequence of the comparison glimmered at that very moment. Then she knocked gently . Mrs. Beverley was no early bird. Her servants had longgone to bed, but she was still downstairs, quietly reading, -when startled bv this nocturnal summons. She hastened to unbar - the door, and opened it to her midnight visitor. : And Amy, light, lifeless, like a leaf fluttering from the bough, fell into her arms. About midday on the morrow David was returning with a troubled, dubious face from a rough and perilous chamber among the Windstone Pits, when just at the North Scar be encountered Lalla and Barbara, gossip, intoxicated, two joyous, malicious, 'present-day nymphs, . as they innocently poured the poison into his ears. ' David — have you heard, David, of the domestic ' Tragedy at the Mount ? Amy had a fearful quarrel with her husband— ran away from home in the dead of night, and is lying very ill at her mother's house !' He stood planet-struck one moment; and the next was hurrying on, whilst eager cries were flung after him. 'David, David, if you are going into Orestone, you are to call at the post-office for Eveleen's parcpl — do you hear? It was too large for us to carry. David, you wretched boy, are you deaf ?' _ ' Yes — no— I'll be sure to,' be shouted back, to get rid of thsm, hearing their footsteps in hot pursuit, as he went ahead, sworn to defy diffidence and discretion, and hie straight to Sunnyside to know the truth. As for those gentle scandal- mongers, Lalla and Bar bara, it was Pavid's belief they would find ample consolation for the sudden and violent death of the friend of their bosoms in being the first to spread the news. To his surprise he was readily admitted at Mrs. Beverley's do»r, and, more unexpected still, Amy's mother received him with a serene countenance and manner, and anticipated the inquiries he hesitated to formulate. '? I am so glad you have come.' she said. ' I see from your face you have heard something, and you will oblige me by contradicting any absurd reports that may be flying about.' David, rigidly silent, waited for her to .explain. : 1 ani very grieved about it,' she said; 'and yet the whole thing is almost laughable, if you see it in its proper light. Amy, poor child, has been behaving like a little goose ; but she is not well, and has got into a queer hysterical state. Then when fancifulness and unreason are the chief symptoms of your illness, not enough allowance is made for the phvsical disorder she herself does not recognise, and misunderstandings easily come about. I nave seen him ; and, like ber, he emphatically denies that they have had the slightest quarrel; The fault, so far as I see, is entirely on Amy's side ; but even now I do not consider her quite respon sible for her behaviour, and she certainly didnot know what she w as doing when she ran off to ine last night. She had worked herself up into u kind of nervous fever.' ' And he ?' asked David. ' Had no suspicion till this morning of what had occurred. He had come in very tired after a long day's fishing, and sat up writing business letters, but dropped off to sleep in tbe dining-room, aud never woke till, at 7 in the morning, the servants came in and told him that Mrs. Elliston was nowhere to be found. He catru- off to me at once in a terrible state of mind, and was unconscionably relieved to hear she was with me, and safe.' ' How is she now ? ' ' Rather worse than better She begs not to see him, and cannot be reasoned with. 1 have had a long consul tation with him this afternoon, and I think he under stands better. If. only he will 'leave her to. me, I will set everything right in a very few days— after all, I have known her tbe longest. Illness makes her per verse, and I want to enlist the perversity on his side. Just because of some sharp word (f can think of no other reason!, that he probably repented the next moment, she shuts herself up from him and shrinks from him. Well, let him humour her; go for a three days' run in the yacht, leaving her with me. There is nothing in her condition to cause him the faintest anxiety. . But these hvstfrical attacks— Bhe had one onqe before, when she firmly believed 6he had a lump in her. throat and couldn't swallow — a perfectly imaginary state of things, as it turned out —baffle tafct - and medicine to deal with ; and he might blunder re grettably without being to blame. AVe women hanker directly after what, is out of reach. Amy will be per fectly rational after a day or two of enforced rest and dullness, and lung for his return, ashamed of what, poor child, was a weakness. He will not judge harshly on reflection, and both will smile by and bye at what, after all, waB only a lovers' quarrel.' ' Has EIliBton come round to your opinion ? ' ' He is very loth to leave! her, even for a day ; but 1 make his keeping away the condition of the speedy cure I promise. He entreats just to see her, and I feel a dragon of a mother-in-law for 'objecting ; yet I know I am right. The beet thing for her is to treat the whole matter for tbe moment as even more unimportant than it is. If she is piqued at his going away, it will do no harm. I think she has more rational moments when she wonders a little at herself and her wilful behaviour; but she is quite a nervous invalid still, and an exciting interview would hopelessly upset her again, bo I shall put my veto on it if I can. At 4 to morrow I am going to the Mount to have a long talk with him before he starts in the early morning.' ' So Elliston goes, and Amy stays with you ? ' ' Yes. But why this tragic tone, David ? ' His manner, up to this point even more subdued and undemonstrative than usual, bad led her on to talk with less ' than her usual reserve. Perplexed, she looked up at him. David had risen to his feet, saying, violently : ' Then may the devil take and keep his own and stop him from troubling us again.' David hardly recognised his own voice become savagely defiant for that one moment. Poor Mrs. Beverley's face showed that she thought insanity was spreading among the circle of her inti mates. Naturally, she felt very angry with this foolish youth, and that she did well to be angry, and to show it. ' David,' she rose also, speaking with cordial vexa tion and severe reproof, 'you forget yourself. You have shocked andjpained me -very deeply. How you have deceived me too ! I had a better opinion of you, as ]. have shown ; and you have taken an unworthy advantage of my confidence. Can you suppose I should have talked to you so freely had I suspected that your mind wassoenvenomedwith jealousy, and thatyou were abandoning yourself to its bad and treacherous influences? — impulses, perhaps accountable in your case, but none the less wrong. You whom I trusted like a son !' David, standing there dumb now and downcast, felt he had his conge, but he had often look more ashamed for treading on her gown, or spilling the tea, than for this last irretrievable error. ' Pray, forgive me,' he stammered, confused, not repentant. ' I — I would do nobody an injustice. As youBaid, I— forgdf myself.' ' r* ' — ; - 41 Just bo,' she ans'wered, gently, but with marked estrangement;- -''and- until -you can- convince me- that your judgment is no longer distorted by sentiments which you wrongly led me to believe played no part in your mind, it would be better, David, to keep away from me and mine.' He made no attempt at denial : and she -bade him a mute and 'cold farewell/ For, however ubrishM aud contrite he might be, it would be treating his outburst too lightly- io pardon it then and there.. Was be humbled ? was he penitent? He was not sure. Like Amy, he was astray in a world of fan tastic-seeming impressions, so strong as to drive him to . act upon them at the very moment when cold reason scouted them as delusive. The spark of suspicion, struck, perhaps, longer ago than he was aware of, and smouldering since, had been kindled to a steady blaze. He would watch Elliston, whose conduct at this crisis must either throw cold water or fuel on the flame. (To be continued.) 