\--. HE ..STODII .?OFr A. LBUCLA-EEt. BY .. . . AGUS B. ItEACH. BYNOPrBI OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS. e jLeosapt L dony, the onarrrtor of thu ste of to 'eventeenth ceatusy, introduces hhuself to the resider Sas?he son of a Fi sherman, who h taken to the t:aea s his profeosion, and in 1672, being then twenty : twos years of age, has shipped in the :.olden. " Grove for a Sedit?ronumi voyage. EiWh.ilo ino te Bay of Biocay Leonard flLs uverboard ;, frn loftiaa gale, the Oh;p'e foctopmIst bein S er tawcy. On thishe supports himelmlforada Sto tpiel up ba pun-oal renCeb felucra bonnd "faor the We-it Indies. Finding th it the up • :Wl of thi veasel.ncans to sell him ns Or s:ar , hre, w ith the as,?e etoanc Eaotngllshnilbr n med Wright, • aruleadon? cootoorh part he had taken in the ,.a,akiltion of Chin'eo .)l, eroans with arms and pro felons in a seall boat when the felucca nerll the :1-hmeisanroont. Ite comne acronr a "lBuceneer' r: tttlement in time towarn it of an impending attack -'-rhm the Spannirds. hiohhis repulsedL- He joins the Sgcfaoeern- brtotherhood, among wheom nar many "..E?sgl hmnr. and meets with many strang mledon ..ties. Whie Lrennrd is aroy on a oese expedition, S'meat after a nevere battle, and completely route and Sdlpgre thei ptaroel us IHA:: APTER VI. ,,OW TI1E ?DADLY FEVER OF TIIE COIST r?ASTlxs Suoh was the history of the treacherous "?fpanish attack' which destroyed the settle- .. nt of the Xforniousette. Our in-st cane kwao-tnlearn. howr theeparty we had mert in x ltfh. worn nimed;ind Even~t -a& our, delight °ýt ffdthnd`lat~th: Ie. iaw~c ertnT ,f ietw gun a apiece ratrly aill ther nokets iio the rillaoge ning beein brght rate tne onfheds Besides there was nbundauco of ammunition. After .s :short onsrulbtatios, it was determined to take the canoe, and although our Soutamber would snmewhat overload heor, 0\. cross to the otlher ide of the bay, where we hid mwre .?oldurity against bein molested. 'raiceng thienfore carefully loouled to our . cofc , we clambered down the bank, ani ndn- by the canoe, unanimously inrvested .:?rt oen with the command of thi' S· ieltion. ds the Indians used the e,.; die taosth dexterounsly, they were sat e work to propel uo, and with Stoat Jem fit steersnman we set out. On oar way e' ?: bgn to experienoe a dronwanee, "-*--ish I had before felt, but immediately cked.dt Now, however, the nensatiou, a: ribnntin indeed to one of impending s, n-.pr, bega again to overpower me. My in fell upon my chest, and I had little hes o disturbed sleep, in which carious = , Tfused ideas, tud odd combinations of n rds and things, seoned to float into my ain, aod which; when I started up again,' :t?eh I would do every minute, fled away 'ite phanetolns, so that I could not for 'ty life remember what Ihad been dream of the 'moment before. All this time I ai~e inwardly urged to speak, I seemed to A.ve nothong to say, but still something ?-r"?d my tongue and lips to move, and all -4 once I called out ,," Is that a black corby on the thorn-bush near the boat's grapnel 1" is At this extraordinary speech the English omenin the canoo turned sharp round to me, and stoutJem asked what I meant. At his "viice all the dreamy sensations left me, and I fQt myseIf bluohing up to the roots of my hhii" and wondering what I had said, for th reopembered not a word. S. Here," said StoutJem, kindly, "swallow (iteis, my good boy; and he held mea great liok of spirits. "You have been breathing over-much marsh fog on an empty 'onemach, lut you'll live to pay off Jeck a:? .ninrd yet." "' Itook the flask and held it to my head, . oten suddenly the greasy leathern bottle i :pesared to s welland lengthen, until it seemed u pantheon which I held. A curious nervous .feeling came crawling overmylimbe, and my b-eath grew thick, and my eyes dim. The fist tse of the brandy banished these sen . "? ons, and the cordial marvellously restored ' "You emot eat somewhat when we go ag ore," said Nicky. "I am ravenous;' and .'lmenwe will consulton what we can do to 'take our .ravenge." "e No, no; no ea" aid Blue Peter, the Me:esquito Indian; sleep mush, sleep good, .:.eke pipe, and sleep cool-and log" SBut ifelt so 0much better that Ir filly in " heided to make a good dinner. WVo landed mo one of the bushy coves which abound in t"1 fri t of the ?Iarmosette, and which i': ldnot be see by the Spaniards on the 'o oer bank. Stout Jem then despatched the tdiens to hunt, and ordered the rest of the e?rty to d oin building a hut. Nicky and .Tyself, however, were so weak from , nt of fsnd, that we were excused; ,?n?d the Dutchman, having some biscuito a id smoked beef in his pocket, generously 'ave us enough to make a good meal. Meantime, Stout Jem, Black Diamond, and Seinheer were actively at work. They had tboo hstch-to and their long knives, and with these they felled and prepared sufficient wood .ftr their purpose, driving stakes into the earth, and interweaving leafy branches, with t:-e skill of exerienoed foresters. Nicky and \- were then set to work to pull a quantity of Supnrse long grass which grow upon the beach, "'br beds; and one of the uMosqnito men ro gtrning, he kindled a fire, and began to cook tne hindquarter of a fine boar which he had shot in the wood. Meantime I was plueking :the grass, sometimes sitting by the seaside, for Ifelt weak and ill. The food I had eaten was no refreshment. My temples throbbed strangely, and my skin was fevered and .ry. Then these horrible wandering thoughts 'began. to come again, and I squeezed my ead with my hmanj, as though I could thus rve them ot. Sometimes I thought I felt g ain the hot morsh vapour sickening the a-Lr; then the sea-breeze fanning me, I would iegzr the clothes from my chest, and s et back my long dank hair to let e blessed cool wind play ireely on me and coot my seething blood. "?ll at once I saw, under the shade of a ?einpa.s treoe, a tall stout man, who stood \- oionles, and watched me. Deaming him .: Spaniard. I wonuld have shouted out, but . my tongue refused to obey mr, and turning Isuot and dr, rattled as it' wore against my t"eth, whil? no sound but a low ihies could I Sorm. Still the figure stood there; and now -l ?saw.a glimaor an "Of a nakod weapon eehla? ra?ys' came slanting down, and one of .hese qeavering through the trees fell full enpon the fae of the stranger, and I saw a that it was Walshe, with his great eyes S:earing at me, just as they glared when the s:h-'ark rose in the mangrove canal, and .pulled him down teneath his crunching :teeth. I stood trembling and trying to pray. Tho fecaturcs were livid oand blue, and the O sunk and expressionless, yet hoer 4ndby brieht. Just at this rmoment '---e of the last puffs of the sca .breze shook the trees a mound, and the t.uenlhght falling in a different stream, and : hequered by other branchesnpon thbcuppear gt -ce, the fiaco gradually seemed to change. e"Centuro after feature melted away, until the ?. -gniscd countenance of the untortunate s-eman was gone, and,instead of it, there \--rmained the massive features and pensive S- -ravity of my preserver on board the Frenoh ) an--Wrigth. Just then the weapon, which il had formerly observed to glittner, moved. I land saw the figure hearve up a great broad -e on one hand, and point to it with the .-er. It wa, indeed, ithe regicide, withthe Salblem and the instrument of his deed. :7' M.aking asudden effort, I burnt'the leaden ".:'>;lmd which seemed to confine me, and with ' strange courage, rushed forward. As I d: -td he phantota grew dimmer and dimmer, and -when I placed my hand upon its breast Sfelt but the gnarled bark of the gcnipa t-ae, whilst the axe, at the same instant, s: seemed to lecome a branch with clustering ?`filiage: danc-ng.io the wind. I grew ."Dih . my Godl" .1 murmured, "I am es:ogicg t?: 3ybrain hirwling, and my1 ,.. smaks ome see things which are not 1" and •so-I sank upon the ground'tnd sobbed. Pre sently, I was 'somowhut better, and I manned snijeet. "It is but'a feverish, attack," I ?,?ought. "3[ will return and try to sloop." U was, however, with some difficulty that I agreved at tho hut. iy'limbs felt os if loaded w' ,itht lead,, and the pain of an-intense head s bhe went like hot iron wires.into my brain. .ihesnX reached our half-finished aoede, I oo?w everythin g through a-sorto[ haze, aid thei v-ices'at my cear:appejared to comefroim miles away.. I Was soon placed, lying upino buindles of grass; in'the windward side of the hut, and after that I remember little more of what happened during three nights and three days. Only I know that my sufferings were very great; that mymind appeared to ramoble as though it were a disturbed spirit or ghost flitting all over the world. Now, I would seemto be far away on the pleasant coast of Fife. The sun woulsd hine, and the corn rustle. and the yellow broom by trho barie4' hanks smell sweet in the summer's breath.' But I could enjoy nought. I was, as it were, seared, and the sources of pleasure dried up. I saw the forms of people "I lovel, but I could speak to none. I saw my mothdr sifting on sanudy kuowe, reoting her bead upon her hand, and looking over the bluesea. But when I would embrace her, there canoe darkness and pain. and the vision vanished. Then, perhaps, in my delirium, I would fancy I was at sea; sometimes it was in theo old' fisher-boat, the Royal Thistle. No wind would stir, the sky would be glowing like a heated copper globe. and the boat would lie moveless as though nailed to the uustirring sea. Sud denly my father's eyes would look into mine with a long was stare, and so bwould we sit glaring at achb other, like famishing and despairing beasts, while 'months, andl year.s and. ages,.would appear to come and go and bring no change. Anon the mood would alter. Then I was on board the old brig Jean Livingstone, with a merry breeze and a' blithesome crew. The bonny crags of St. Andrew's Bay ewouldseei ui de{ our lee,: with the ruined towira "otrabbeyt ando :chiihr isi over the green- links, and fading from our sight as we worked gallantly seawards. But the scene would straightway change to 'a furious storm in a mid-winter night, with tthe foam of the sea and the snow-flakes flying together. Thenround the light of the binncle there would crowd ghastly faces, stating into mine - faces with shaggy, antique beards like the ancient sailors ot Sir Patrick Spums, long, lung s!eeping in the wild North Sac ; and so surrounded by these fishy eyes of hapless droe ced mariners, I would feel the good brig seem to founder beneath my feet. so that I would start struggling ap from my bed of grass, crying out that I was drowning-that the boiling waves were chok ing me! This was iny seasoning fever, as they called it ; and, though it did not last long thanks to the good treatment and the modi cinual herbs of the Mosquito men-it left me passing weak and helpless. I recovered my reason all at once, as one waking froml the stupor of a deep sleep. liy hair had been cut close, oand my head was tied round with freshly-plucked plaintaia leaves, con stantly drenched with water. I lay upon blankets, none of which we possessed when I was taken ill, and my linen was reasonably clean and fresh. The wattled hut was open to the breeze on every side, and as it con tained.but one bed more, I guessed that it had been given up for my use and that of my partner, Nicky, as indeed it had. Look ing around, I saw several pots, pans, baskets, and boxes scattered about, from which I concluded that the Spaniards had departed, and that my comrades had been able to recover somte of the wreck of their property from the ruins of their habita tions. And this, indeed, I found afterwards to be the case. I was too weak at first to call out, and so remained in silence, enjoying a delicious lan guor, and cool and moist from head to foot. The fever had thoroughly left me, and I felt thankful and devoutly glad. Presently I distinguished the well-known smell of the smouldering fire of the boucan floating into the hut, and soon aftorwards, Nicky, with bare arms and grimed hands, entered; his eyes sparkled when he saw me so much re covered, and presently calling the rest together, they all shook hands with me, and told me to be of good cheer, for I had fore reached on the marsh fever, and would soon be quite hearty. And so, indeed, it was. I grow very hungry, and, being well fed, re gained my strength fast, so that, two or three days after the fever left my blood, I was abrqad sniffing - the cool breezes of the sea. Except two men-both French-who had joined when I was ill, none of the survivors of our original party had turned up; some of them had no doubt been made prisoners by the Spaniards, others might have started off to the eastward, as, indeed, many pre viously intended; but wefeared that upwards of ono-half of our comrades were either captives, who would be forced to labour in the mines of Cuba, or had already-and the fate of these latter was more to be envied died withtheir wounds, in front, giving battle to the cruel foe. Being little able to work for some time after my recovery, and the rest of the party being engaged in the usual toil of hunting wild cattle, and preserving the meat by the boucan, it was often my habit to take the canoe and proceed in her down towards the mouth of the bay, so as to enjoy the fresh and briny breeze which came from the north-west across the ocean. To make these expeditions more pleasant, 'I pre pared a mast with a small lug sail, such as the canoe could bear, and I could manage with ease. Almost my first trip, when thus provided, was to the scene of the late con test. I found nearly every trace of a settle ment destroyed. The rude jetty was all but demolished, and over the ruins of the shat tered hats, great crops of luxuriant herbage had grown, from which' I often started snakes and renomous insects, such as centipedes and scorpions, who delighted to make their nests in the holes and crevices which they found in abundance amidst the ruins of our huts. On a sweet spot of green-sward, under the shadow of a great spreading tree, there were rows of little mounds, very green. Here our poor com ades lay buried. The Spaniards, it seems, had interred their dead, and on their de parture, which happened on the day after I was attacked with fever, all our party had gone across the bay, and -laid the dead' Buccaneers beneath the mould. Upon the bark of the great tree I was at pains td carve a deep cross; for, though the symbol in Europe beo' the mark of a corrupt and idolatroas church, still I felt that in the wilderness it might boar a truer and a wider meaning, and point to future strangers that the mounds beneaththho tree. covered the graves of Christian men. CHAPTER VII. THitE BUCCitEEs TIvE Or TIE LIE ON mOaE, Searching about the place, I often dis covered little matters, which I stored in the canoe and brought to our new settlement, such as hammers, harpoons for striking fish, fragments of cordage, rope, and canvas; and twice I dug up from the ruins boxes con taining seamen 's clothes, which were very welcome to us all. In one of these trunks I discovered some Spanish books, including a grammar and dictionary, and of these I hastened to avail myself, inasmuch as I saw that a knowledge of this language might soon be of the greatest service to me. Neither did my companions grudge that I thus applied much of my time to study, for none of them knew more than a few words of Spanish, and they were quite aware of the advantage of having one at least of their party conversant with that tongue. Thus, time passed away tolerably plea santly. The season for the arrival of the ships expected to load with the bouncan prepared for them at the villare on the east side of the bay, having-passed and none of them appearng, we concluded that stragglers from our old company had succemed in making their way to Jamaica, Tortugas, and other islands, and had informed the merchants and planters there of the attacks of the Spaniards, amd the utter ruin of .the settlement, adding,'very probably, that they were 'the asole surviyors of the massacre. It, therefore, became a question with us what to do. 'The Frenich - men were for journeying along the coast t' the westward, and then, watching an oppor tunity to go across to Tortugas; but Stout Jem told them they might do so if they pleased, but he would prefer an island where his on countrymeh had 'something to say in matters, an - opinion which the rest of the Engliah, as well as the Dlutchmen and the Indiansi who do not love ;the -Freimh .joined in very?eordially. The Frenchmen,ii who, to do them justice, were=very good fellows. On this gave up their proposition and swore that they would follow Stout Jodni to the death. '"Say you so, my boys?" cried the Dover mariner. " Then so be it; and what I pro pose is this. FIete be nine stout meti of ts, for I count the Indians as good no white blood. Our peaceful trade in. beef and hides. bath been ruined by these accursed Spaniards, so I vote for the sea again. This proposal Ieotinc with is cl?omour of approbation, Stout .len lung aloft his hat. "4We h h ave had enough of the shore this bout, mates." quoth he. "I want to hear the wind whistle through tarry ropes agaisn. and feel a stont ship dancing uunder my feet." " Yah, yah," said the Hiollander. l'We zaal be Zee Roovers once more:" and all the company flung up their hats like our leader, and swore that they would take deep -vengeance on Jack Spaniard. For my part I was well pleased, for I felt I was a sailor, and that I had no business to be fol lowing a hunter's life ashore. I had not very much taste for shooting bullocks, and still less for breaking them up, cooking and storing them; and, although 1 had always cheerfully taken my turn to watch the boucan fire, my mind would often stray away upon the acean, and T would pant for the fresh sea breeze, alul the dash of the foaming brine. As for my comrade. Nicky, he was that easy kind of going man, that he seemed to sare very little whether he was on land or sea. He avqrked, ate, drank. eang,_ iand slept, and then rose merrily next day to ;o throegh the same routine. But Stout. Jem, who was the life tad soul, as well 'as the captain of our party, was a sailor all over. He had been many years in the Caribbean son, was a good pilot, understood every curront, and every indication of the weather, and moreover, knew by heart every buzcnneedng trick for easing of their cargoes the treasure-ships of the Dons. But before we could go to sea. we must have a vessel: and?saving the canoe, which was hardly fit for a cruiser, we were as un prorided as though we lived on tihe top of a nuount in. There was nothing therefore for it, as we could not go in a ship to the Spaniards, but to wait until the Spaniards should cosme in a ship to us, that is to say, in such a snall ship as we could master, and' afterwards manage. We might indeed have not found much difficulty in entering an English privateer, many of whom we knew were hovering on the coast: but being acquainted with each other well, we preferred in tmhe first place to capture such a small craft as we could man, afterwards making such additions to our crow as might from time to time be resolved on. In the meanwhile, we continued to hunt and prepare the flesh of wild cattleand boars, no that we should have a good stock of pro visions when we were ready to go to sea. Being, as I hare said, always fonder of water than land, I often induced the RMos quito Indians to allow me to go with them in their canoe, when they went to strike fish and manatee. Generally the Indians permit no one to accompany them in these expedi tions. and if they are forced to allow a white man into the canoe, they will pur posely miss their aim at every fisth or animal they strike, and so return empty handed. However, I being a great favourite with Blue Peter, who had indeed saved my life in the fever: and losing no opportunity, by such petty gifts as I had it in my power to make, of showing my gratitude, lie made no objections to my accompanyin, him and his comrade in many of their expeditions. We used to start before sunrise, Blue Peter in the bows of the canoe and Jack in the storn, both paddling quickly, while I eat' amidships in the bottom. No Europeans I ever saw can paddle so silently, swiftly, and surely as the Indians on the Mosquito coast. They hold the shaft of the paddle almost upright, never touching the gunwale there with, or splashing rudely in the water. On the contrary, the broad part of the paddlo dips as clean as a knife, and the canoe glides with a perfectly smooth and rapid motion, so that, did you not observe how fast.the water ripples .by, you would hardly think you. were moving: at all. When pursu ing the manathe, our usual game, the head of the canoe was turned up the creek to the higher banks, where the shore was sedgy and low, where the mangroves reared their dismal groves, and where the watergraduallyb.coming brackishand muddy, there is found floating and waiving from the banks, the long narrow- bladed grass on which the manatee loves to feed. The creature we hunted is a harmless beast, like a great seal. It is a misfortune for hunself that he has tender white flesh, tasting like veal, and that his skin makes very. good thongs and straps, which the Buccaneers use for divers purposes. Were it not so, he might float unmolested in the warm muddy water, nibbling thestreaming grass, as thelazy current carries his heavy form slowly up and down the mangrove canals, twinkling his little pig-like eves, and anxi ously jerking his stupid-looking head, if a cayman rolls with a splash from the muddy bank into the river, or a squatting flock of wild-ducks rise with a whirr from the sedgy surfaco of the neighbouring pool. But the poor manatee, being good to eat, maust submit to be harpooned anud eaten. When we came to the feeding- ground which he loves, the Indians would paddle with double caution, and Blue Peter, whe was the striker, would carefully examine his harpoon, and see that it lay convenient to his hand. The spear used for capturing the manatee is about 8ft. long. The iron barb, a heavy and sharp piece of metal, is attached to the thicker end, and to the other is fastened a circular knob called the bobwood, round which is wound a strong line, one end of which is fast to the bJbwood, the other to the iron of the harpoon. When the weapon is flung, the barb alone sinks into the crea ture's flesh, the staff coming unloosed from the iron, and the hue rapidly unwinding from the bobwood, as the. stricken creature dives in its agony and fear. The Indians then paddle after the stafll, and having seized it, gradually wear out the strength of the game and kill it. I shall not soon forget the first manatee hunt I saw. We embarked at early dawn, and glided silently along the green shore, from which the eniot of the night was lifting and rolling in white clouds far up the mounn tains. After long skirting the mangrove wood, weturned from the main channel into a narrow creek, slipping along in perfect silence. Listen as I would, I could not even hear the water at the canoe's bow, her mould was so perfect, and so steady the strokes which propelled her. The drip of the water from the paddies as they were lifted alono made a slight tinkling sound. The sea breeze had not yet begun to blow, and the sn'came down scorchingly upon the tangled wood and the green water, the surface of which glanced like bright, clearoil. Presently Blue Peter laid his paddle noiselessly down, and took up the harpoon. I looked anxiously ahead. Clustered round the trunk of a vast mangrove, which rose up out out of the water, there was a tangled heap of soaking grass and weeds. The kneeling Indian crouched as if he were a graven image of ebony or bronze, and I saw the floating weeds move, and heard a grinding, spluttr ing sound as of a cow grazing. Then the Indian moved a finger of his left hand, which he had kept outstretched; his comrade at the stern saw the sign, and a peculiar sweep of the paddle sent the canoe slant ingly towards the weeds. As she diverged from her course, Blue Peter stood erect, and raisinghis rightarm, with all the muscles swelling. out like knota and lumps of iron, darted the harpoon, as it appeared to me, into the centre of the moving weeds. In stantly there was a great splash and plunge, and the canoe roeeked upon a wave, which scattered the floating herbage, so that.I saw disappearing in the'water the broad-- browin back of a creattire as large asa cow: Blue Peter, theinstanthe struck, sank again ipon his knees, and enatahing up the paddld, prepared to move. Meantime I could ee nothing of the .harpoon, for it had been cariried under water. The Mosquito men" then talked to each other in their own tongue, pointing to the direction in which themananatee appitared to haie dived, and then began to paddlb lustily. :About five minutes might have elap.ed; when Blue .Peter ex claimed , ' o !-tie~. l" es-4 pointd. - I;, looking in the aram .direction, descried the staff of the barpoen seeming to. fly long-the surface of the water, the round hobwood throwing up a foam 2ft highli Then the Mosquito.men pulled hard in chase. I could never have thought that their gaunt, brown bodies had so much strength in them. Thlie muscles of their naked arms and chests strained and swelled, the paddle-shafts cracked, and the canoe seemed at every stroke tobelifted out of the water. Still they dlid not gain upon the harpoon towed by the manatee; but, on thle contrary, rather loot, so that I began to fear that we would never see eitherharpoon or quarry; but, on a sudden, the motion of the former stopped, and it, floated tranquilly upon the, water. The manatee, being fatigued, had sunk to the bottom; and Sly there. We now paddled carefully up, and Blue Peter caught the staff, and began.to pull upon the line. Imme diatel- that the wounded creature felt the smart, it started again. I saw the line vibrate and stretch out in a direction abeam of the canoe; but, in a moment, Jack, who held the steering- paddle, swept the bows round in the direction taken by the manatee, while Elue Peter fastened the line to the prow of the canoe. There was a jerk or two, though not so much as I ex peoted, and straightway we began to move. ahead, Peter crounehing in the bows, signing to Jack how to steer. For near a quarter of an hour did the wounded beast drag us through the water, sometimes so swiftly that the foam whizzed past us-anon ohanging his course so suddenly, that had not the canoe been steered with perfect skill he would have draggednsunder water. Then,hisstrengthbe ginning to ebb frtn, him fast. we hauleduipon the line, and graanuhlily closed with oIur pry, whose blood was. now reddening the water. I pitied thed poor creature, as he put his head above the surface, and granted and moaned after his fashion, but he was soon out of his pain. Slipping alongside of the carcass, Blue Peter passed his long knife around its throat, and after one or two struggles and plunges, the manatee turned over upon its baook, dead. We towed him ashore, and securing him to a tree, presently paddled off in search of more game of the salme sort. But upon the whole. I better loved our fishing expeditions than the hunt of the manatee. The poor defenceless brute always inspired me with pity. There is a meekness about his face whichl moves one. - He -nakes no attempt to turn to bay or show fight; but is slaughtered as unresistingly as a calf, and the haunts he loves are the muddy and unwholesome canals amourn the mangrove swamps. But in spearing fish we often rowed down tihe bay to the rocky points and ledges of reef which formed the outer most horns of the lagoon. There the clear, blue sea, spangled by thle'merry strength of the sea-breeze, stretched illimitably out, and the everlasting surf flung sloft its clouds of sparkling spray, high up among the rocks, now and then giving the bushes a taste of the savour of brine. It was in the stillpools and channels, formed by breakwaters of rock, that the canoe was then navigated. Let the sea breeze be blowing, and the surging swells be tossing in, as liard and fast ias they might, there was always calmi water behind the reefs-so ao:!mn and so clear ! I might think that I was looking into the swirlings of our trout-pool in the Bal wearie Burn, but for the bright, jagged coral, and the strange sea-weeds at the bottom, and the still stranger fishes floating, as it were, in pure aid air, but a fathom down beneath the keel of the catoe. Gliding over these translucent waters, sometimes scraping the battered side of our skiff against the rough coral edges; sometilmes receiving a sparkling shower of spray when a bigger wave than ordinary burst upon the outside reef, the Mosquito men were in their glory. Blue Peter stood erect in 'the bose, his black, flashing eyes fixed on the water as though he would note every scollop in the edge of the jagged sea-weed, or every wavy ridge on the bed of white sand, and his long thin fish-soear dartine occasionally down into the flood to be straightway drawn, bending and qeuivering, back with a noble fish, writhing, and floundering, impaled upon the barbs. Always upon these expeditions I kept a good look out' seaward, and- often mounted pin nacles of rock that I might have the better, view. 'Once or twice I saw a sail, apparently set on'boaid a small vessel slipping quickly down to the westward, or beating painfully to.windward; but the barques were too far at sea for me to make out aught of their charao ter or country. During the period of my sojourn in His paniola it was our custom to spend the evening together in the principal hut-that which was first constructed, and which was of an ample bigness. Here, seated round a great chest, which served for a table, we smoked our pipes, drank pretty deep draughts of the rich palm wine, and told in turn stories of our lives and adventuses. The hut being only wattled, and that very imperfectly, the strong land breeze blew through and through it, causing the flame of our solitary lamp to waver and flicker, and not unfrequently putting it out altogether. We sat upon bundles made of our clothes, or heaps of dried grass, and must, in sooth, have appeared i parcel of strage ragamuffins, with our faces burt to mahogany colour by the sun; our hair and beards long, tangled, and matted; and our clothes, being coarse doublets and short jackets cut in uncouth shapes, and often red and greasy with the blood and fat of the animals which it was our business to kill. Stout Jemin, being reckoned the head and commander of our party, sat on a kind of settle for a throne, and the rest of us crowded as near the great chest as we could, the two Mosquito men excepted, who commonly sat apart squatted on their hams, and speaking to each other softly in their own tongue. Sometimes we would play dice on these evenings, not for money, of which we had none, but for the carcasses of the cattle which we had killed and flayed; but as the play was always fair and the dice true, it was gene rally found that no one either lost or gained muchin the long rut. It was, however, the story-telling nights I loved the best. 1Many of .the tales then told were indeed very vulgar and commoni, and unworthy of being iecoirlded, turning solely upon butcheries of the Spaniards at sea, and upon great seasons of debauoh, after a successful cruise, in Tortugas or Jamaica. Naot a tew tales were told of ghosts and omenn, and such extravagances, which the superstitious nature of sailors causes them to. believe and to hearken greedily to. I heard many such histories both at this time and afterwards, and I design to insert one here, not because I think it at all credible, but because it is a very good specimen of the histories of ghosts, phantoms, and other supernatural appearances which were current among the buccaneers. This story was told by Stout Jem very solemnly, and listened to with no less eagerness, and in recounting it I will endeavour to put the matter into the narrator's words, of which, for an unculti vated seaman, he had a good flow. Stout Jem called his hostory "The Legend of Foul Weather Don," and to it I will devote the next chapter. CELAPTER VIII. ST OG~1"D OF FOUL-WRA.THER DOh. Stout oJem told it thus:- ' My story, mates, is a strange one. and I say not whetherit be true or false. I heard it in- the middle watch, one fine night, slipping down the coast of Porto Rico, and the seaman who told it to us, said, that when he was a boy he sailed with the man 'to whom the thing hap pened, in a big ship which hailed from Bristol. That the spirits of the dead walk the world - ay, and sail the seas -ise a thing I cannot say nay to. I cannot tell you that I ever saw anything of the sort myself, but credible mariners and biave and sober mein have.assured nm of' things which haove mai~o my marrow cretp, and the hair stand up, all bristling out of my flesh.. 'Well, then, about -this story. The man to whom the adventure happened, was by name Ned Purvis, a mariner. - It must be nigh sixty years ago sines he sailed out of the port of London on a trading voyage to the coast of Guinea. Ptovis was theua younker, thbr' beicig little better thin a year since he had followed.the iea, and this was his fimt .oyage aibroild; .he having under taken i i the ship of his iia&ld;, a good old man, of a mnild 'disposition, and wellloved of. the crow. As for Ned Parrs, he wss a reckless ruffling blade, that cared neither for nian nor devil,' when his blood was up, and who thought but little of the glimmer of a drawn cutlass, or the flash of a pistol, in a quarrel. But, uas I told you, mates, the old man, the captain, was mild of speech and of heart, and greatly loved his nephew, and thought much of the lad's spunk and wild spirit. So they sailed southerly, as became navigators, bound as they were to trafic for spices and rich oils and gold with the blahcks of Africa. " Having lost sisht of England, they had prosperous winds and tleasant weather.'and nought occurred until the seventh day from that in which they saw the last of the white cliffs. Then they were just moving through the water and no more, for the breeze was but a puff, and the sun going down, when all of a sudden they saw a boat with a nian in it, so close aboard that you might toss a biscuit into her. It was curious, mates, that almost all the men on deck saw her at once, when she was, as it might be, alongside; and vet no one had seen her approaching. But strange as that was, comt rades, it was not so strange as the cut of the boat, and, for thant matter,. the cut of the main in her. The stemn and stem of the craft were very'high, and ended in curled bits of carved wood. Hergunwale, too, was all carved and sculptured, in such a way as you may have seen the pulpits and choirs of cathedrals and abbeys, and such buildings in England and France, and the Low Countries, being very artificial work done with gravers and chisels. "Ned PuIrvis' rememberol afterwards, when he saw a great Spanish psinting of Christopher Columbus, landing on his second voyage upon the island of Hispaniola, that the admiral sailed in a barge, carved and ornamented after the fashion'of that of which I ain now telling You. And the man, mates, looked as old as his boat. He had on a high conical hat, with a feather in it, and he wore a grave-coloured doublet, of an old fashion, with slashes in the the arms, and brocaded flowers embroidered thereon. Round his neck was a stiff ruff. He had red stockings, and great bunches of ribbon in his.shoes. Tie face of this strange 'person was severe and grave. Ho had no monstachois, but a thin peaked beard which fell over his frill. Every now and thenbhe smiled with a strange, wild expression, which was that of a bitter sneer; and his eyes shot i sparkling light, which was stony and cold, and from which men turned their heads, as if by instinct. Well, then, the cap tain, when he saw this queer cruiser, seemed fascinated, and gazed upon him, as you may . have seen small birds on the boughs gaze at snakes,.whose eves glitter out of the grass beneath, and presently the man in the boat waved his arm, as a signal to those on board to take him in. Well, no one stirred but Ned Purvis, and before the old captain could prevent him, lNed flung a rope to the stranger, who straightway caught hold of it and mounted on deck. " ' Where is your captain ?' says he, in a hollow, harsh voice. " The oldman comes forward, as pale as a corpse, and quoth lie " ' In the name of God, what want ye on board my ship ?' " Now, at the name of God, Ned Purvis thought that the strange tman started and shook ; but he replied not. only taking the old captain by the hand, pointed to his boat, which was towing astern. "' Aer, said the old mariner, faintly, 'he, will not be denied; get his boat aboard.' But the crew slunk together in a body, and murmured to each other, bur put not a hand to rope or tackle. Then Ned Purvis stood forward. " 'Who are you?' eaid he, 'and why should we take you or your boat aboard?' " ' You yourself asked me,' quoth the strange man; ' you flung the rope; but for that I should have floated past you. I never come but where some one welcomes me.' " Now, at this, Ned Purvis confessed that he; felt like a groat sipnor, ail all ther non tcrned round and looked firs?"?itiina and then at the stranger. But Ned plucked tip courage, and determined to give them all bold words. So he walked up to the stranger, and said " ' Well, I did heave you a rope; no trite- hearted mariner would see a man adrift upon the ocean, and not offer him rescue. I care little what you be. If you are onr fellow-creature, we have done but our duty in saving you; if you be not, why, we are honest men here, having no crime upon our consciences. and we defy the devil and all his works. Come, shipmates, lend a hand, and heave the old gentleman's barge aboard. It's the captain's orders, and orders must be obeyed.' " And so, after a little grumbling and murmuring, the boat was hove aboard, and placed between the masts. There was neither food nor water in her, and herbottom was as foul with barnacles and sea weed ts if she had drifted ten times round the world. Mfenntime, the stranger and the captain went below, and the men stood in a group round the cabin, but they could hear nought of what took place there, and presently they retired to their usual posts. Well, Ned Purvis was in the first watch, and when it got dark he was standing leaning against the main chains, wondering at the strange event of the day, when the captain touched him on the shoulder. " 'Navvy !' says the old man, ' know you whom you have brought aboard into this ship ?' "1' Why, unole,' answered Ned, some what taken aback at this address, ' ought we not to take aboard any man we find starving in a boat upon the ocean, more than a week's sail from land?' "' Ay, nervy,' quoth the old captain, ' any man, but not any phantom; it is more thian a hundred years since the passenger you brought on board this unhappy ship was a man I' " 'Do you know him then, uncle?' says Ned; ' have you ever seen him before ?' "'aAy, boy,' replied the old mariner; ' once, when I- was a youth,' he boardedl a ship in which I sailed, as he did ours to day. "'And what did he?' asked the young sailor, his heart fluttering within him. " ' Raised storms,' said the elder Purvis, solemnly; 'raised a tempest such as I never saw before, and had hoped, until now, never to see -again.' " ' Then, in the name of God," says Nod, clenching his fists, 'as I brought him on board, I'll pitch him overboard, and I'll begin with his boat first.' And so saying, he began to make fast a tackle to the curled prow. Hold, hold! ' said Captain Purvis;; 'ho must go by his own free will, or he will not go at all.' "' But who-who, in the devil's name, is he, uncle P' shouted Ned. " '.Heis a restless phantom-a wandering, unquiet spirit,' says the old seaman, with his voice trembling, and his grey hair all dank with the cold sweat. ' He was a cruel cap talin of Spain, who, holding a high command in Hispaniola, wrought great cruelties to the natives, and even to his fellow countrymen, aniassing thus a great treasure, which he buried is one of the small keys or desert islands of the Western Indies, to svait an opportunity of conveyingit to Sprain ; at length this seemed to have arrived, and in a stout vessel he set sail for the treasure island; but on the voyage a terrible fever fixed upon hin, and having partially re covered, he founid his memory so gone that le could not recal to his mind any signs by which he knew either the island, or the pare of it where the treasure lay. Notwithstanding, however, he would continue to cruise for weeks and woeeks among tihe cluster called the Virgin Isles, to the east of Porto Rico-never sleepihg, so tlhey said who sailed with him, butailways standing on the highest yard, gazing wistfully for his treasure he had buried. At length his crew lost patience, and ihuisted upon returning to Hispaniola; at this he fell into furious fits of rage, libut at last, they being obstitiato, he swore a solemn oath that dead or alive, he would sail the sea until his-treasure was eithei found and spent or .placeds for ever beyond the reach of men. And then;, order ing -them to put" out a. boeat, stepped on io;ard; and they lefthimfloatiig, an hundred years ago, ust as we fo 1. him this] after noon ' " 'But he has been seen einee,' quoth Ned, after a pause, for he did hot know what to think of this story. '" 'Twice that I know of,' said his uncle, ' and once, I tell you, I saw him, and he came on board and brought tempest. with him: they called him "Foul-Weather Don," and learned men say he must keep his oath. in the spirit, if not in the body, and that he will have no rest till the terms of it be ful filled.' " 'So he" brought bad weather, did he:' said Ned. musing. " 'For the three weeks he was on board,' says tihe old man. ' the blast never lulled, and the sea ran higher than the mainvard.' " ' And what did he do all that time ' cries Nod, agnin. " ' He sat in the great cabin,' replied the uncle, ' with his back against the rudder case, and never snoke word nor broke bread.' "' How did he leave you ? was ?cd's next oauestion. "'Ro rose one evening, justinthetwilight, and ordered the captain to put his boat into the water, though none of us thought a boat would live in such a sea, and none built by man's hand could. But that one '-and the bld sailor pointed to the sea-worn craft, with her bottom one bed of weed and barnacles 'but that one floated like a duck upon the great breaking seas; and presently, with grave courtesy and farewell gesture, Foul Weather Don stepped to the gangway, and from thence on board his skiff. We saw him once or twice rising on the tops of the great seoras and standing up in the boat with his hands clasped, as one praying; then boat and all disappeared, and we saw him no more. The next hour the gale broke, tho sea went down, and we were again enabled to lay our proper course.' " ' And what is Foul-Weather Don doing in the cabin just now ?' says Ned. "' Sitting with his back against the rudder-ease,' answered Captain Purvis; ' and see-look there ' the old man added, and he pointed to the east, ' look at that bank of cloud rising from the ocean-there's the ealc cmir?g. Before midnight Foul Weather Don will have all his winds blowing abourt hi:n. 