CElAL'TElt X'/n. II.U1EK AND HER VICTIM. The bustle of r great preparation prevailed Ghetwjnd Park. The announcement of Lord Ohilw.vnd'ti bctrotlml to Sylvia Monk lmd been publicly made, ami had appeared in the Eir.tbourne local newspapers, and in the 'London fashionable journals. The mar u'us to take place the third week in Juiie, and it was now the lirat week in April. Miss Monk lwd an insatiate and ungovern able love of luxury. She drew liberally upon Lord Uhetwynd's purse. She intended that her bridal out lit should rival that of the Princess Louise. Despite her indolent nature, ahe never tired of trying on new garments, jewels nnd shawls, and her morn ings were all spent in her dressing-room among her drcRsrar.kcrs and her fineries. She tried to feel secure in her good fortune. Her betrothal had been raadu public, hnd what could happen to again break oil their marriage ? Ah 1 what ? She know that Bernice Ohetwynd lived, and the fear was nuver absent from her guilty soul lest Bernice should reveal herself to Ohetwynd, and claim her old place in bis heart and home. By day and by night a haunting dread poas' sscd her. This was telling on her. How was she to endure it for three mouths ? Why did not Bernice come forward ? Why did sbe hide herself, no one know where, like a guilty parson? Sylvia tormented herself with these questions, but could not answer tbem. Gilbert Monk stayed on at the Park, secretly searching for Bernice, and was inexpressibly anxious and troubled. If Sylvia and Gilbert Monk were fully oc cupied, Lord Ohetwynd was not less so. His occupation was of the most practical description. He _ was busy with the memorial sohool which was to perpetuate the name of Bernice. _ He interested himself ? In this project as be bad interested himself in nothing since he had lost his young wife. He thought of her con tinunlly. Ilis projcct seemed to bring him nearer to her. One evening, after dinner. Lord Cbetw.vnd walked over to the bailiff's villa, intent upon some new amplification of his favorite idea of the school, and old Ragee stalked silent ly afar off iu the shadows, and watched, in fenr anil trembling, to see If Bernice would not appear. Ohetwynd spent the evening in his bailiff's oflk-e, discussing business. It was after ten o'clock when he took his leave and set out upon his return home by a private path traversing the park. The moon had risen in mellow glory, and its soft light lay in broad streams upon the wide avenues. In the narrower paths the light flickored down in tremulous showers though the rifts in the trees. The stars were glowing softly in the blue azure of the heavens. Such a light as this Lord Ohet wynd bad known in St. Kilda. Here, as there, the waves beat in the distance on the rncks like pulses, and Ohetwynd could almost fancy that Bernice was with liim. How this night brings her back to me I" ho thought, in bis anguish of desolation. " Oh, to see her as I saw her upon that first evening of my return home from my wander ings ! Ob, Bernice I Bcruicc ! Whether it be an illusion of my senses or a veritable .apparition, come b.ack to me once more I Only once mora let mp behold the sweet vision ot my lost young wife 1" Was the longing intense enough to bring its own fulfilment? In the broad sheeu of the moonlight, few yards in advance of him, at a. point where a wide avenue crossed the "an'ow path which Lord Chetwynd was tieading, he saw a slender figure in white, bcv face turned to him, her arms outstretched to ward him. He halted spell-bounu. She seemed a vision too ethereal for human ity He believed then, fts he had not be lieved before, in spite of his lack of super stition and his contempt for the stories ot su pernatural, and he was looking upoua disem bodied spirit ( He believed that he beheld Dcrniee, but Bernice freed from all moilal incumbrance, as she had come back to bin , from her home i.a heaven. He did not "ftewS.SS.'fi,. 11.. .WI.WU rob. in which he had consigned her to the tomb. It trailed after her on the pound. Hi.r neck was bare, the lace frills of htr Pompadour corsage rising rouud it liki. foatn. Her King dusky hair trailed ovee liu shoulders like a cloud. He could even see every feature of her raaiant beauty iu the soft sheen o£ the moonlight. Her face had | n mournful, yeanling look that wont to hiB I 80 He dared not advance lest, she should fade from his sight. And so he stood entranced, scarcely daring to breath, devouring her with his eyes. . - ? The rencontre, so dramatic and sensa tional, had not been planned by Bernice. She was ns much surprised ns Chetwynd, and she was also spell-bound. She had spent all these days since her last appearance to him in a lonely garret above the very attics in the unused tower of the great bouae of Chetwynd lark. In this secluded and hidden retreat, of which Monk hod never even thought, Bernice : livad her strange, desolate, mournful exist- | ence. She had carried up to her retreat a store of blankets, which she had managed , to secure from the rooms below, one hmi also brought with hor from Mnwr bustle changes of ^'nrmenls, enough for nil her needs. Iu her dingy garret she wore her gray travelling robes and a long waterpront cloak, preserving her white silk gown mi soiled. She brought hither also stows of food from the pantry, larder and store room, mid had procured sevura. bottles of wine from the butler's pantry in the nigl'*- . . , ,u Her object in thus remaining on at the Park she'lid not know .herself. She only felt that she conid not go. She vvivs bound by nn oath, which she was too religious not to hold sacred, not to reveal the fact that she lived to her husbanr, except with Oil burt Monk's consent, He bad refused that . consent; and, indeed, she would not now liavo asked for it. She had no wish to re i turn from the jjrave unweJeotned. ohc \ ! believed that nil mourning for her was past, : j that her place WHS flllotl, and that she was ; forgotten. She would not return to claim a i place in which another had been installed. I She only wished that she had died. j She had borne the closuness and dingincsn i | of her garret until a longing had come over her to inhale again tlia fresh air, and to j walk in the park. She was weak from j i want of exercise, and on thin night hau robed herself in her white burial robe, as a \ matter of precaution against detection, and ! bad thrown about her hor black cloak, and had stolen out into the park unseen by any of the inmates of the house. Arrived in the park, and finding tho air mi-i^ she had flung aside her clonk, and was carrying it on her nrm* . , , If Chetwynd'a sensation at beholding her was ono of rapture, hers wns one of terror. Sho trembled in her fear of dis covery. They regarded each other for some moments in a strange silence. G'tiot wynd's breath camo heavy and pant ingly. His eyes were wild and start ing. Suddenly, without a word or cry, he leaped forward and ran toward her headlong. .... Bernice retreated before liim in instinc tive flight. He pursued. "She could almost Jienr his frenzied breathing. He cam1! on with a i swift, rush, as if lie meant to seize her whether she were human or snii it.. She turned into the wide avenue and fled like a deer. She would not be taken. Turn ing into an obscure path near at hand, she caught up her drcus and ihiug nrouud her her black cloak. Then she halted behind a tree.conccnliiig herself. Chetwynd went by along the path swiftly j in a blind ptiisnit. lie hart lost sight of the glorious vision, but he prayed to see it ? again-only once again Bernice listened until the found of his I tread hail ditd away in the distnnce. .She was panting and friglitfiieil, wild-eyed and j trembling. She crept forth from her con- I cealmeut and entered tliu park again. She ; did not glance behind her, else she would have seen this lall, shadowy figure t.f the ! old Hast Indian woman stalliihg yil' iit l.v on the dark border of tho path. lint U.'ig'.o saw her and knew her. And Kiiddcniy, as Bernice stole along Lite lonely path-diet wynd far beyond heariiiir-the old woman launched herself forward in a awift panther spring, and hurled herself upon Bernice, bearing her to the earth in the violence of her ousianght. " I've yot you at last, have 11" hissed the witch-like old woman, holding the girl in her iron grip. "And now, if you please, we'll come to a settlement." The suddenness of the old East Indian woman's attack npon her for an instant paralysed the young Marchioness of Chet wvnd, but she did not faint nor shriek. The moment her brief stupefaction began to clear away, she turned upon her assailant, fighting like a little tigrcs3. She was in a panic of mortal terror, nnd she struck out blindly, with all the energy of an utter des peration. She speedily discovered that she was hut as a child in the iron grasp of ha.r assailant. Jiagee's muscles were of steel. A desperate fury animated the Hindoo woman. She had the advantage, also, not having relaxed her first hold on Bernioo, nnd the girl, pant ing and breathless, wild-eyed aiid trembling stood still at last, and looked over her shoulder at her enemy with a wild and hor rifled gaze. , "Who is it?" Bernice whispered, pant ing. " It is I-old Ragee," hissed the Hindoo woman in the girl's ears. The expression in Bernice's eyes deepened into amazement and terror. She made another vain effort to free herself. Then she ?whispered : '. What d-) you want of me ? What is the meaning of this assault?" \" Perhaps yon thiuk I don't know you," said the Hindoo woman, tauntingly. '. It was I who dragged the shawl from your shoulders that night in the great bouse. I knew you," and her tones grew fierce and hateful. " I know you, ray lady. You were supposed to have died ; you lay in state in your burial robes for six days ; you were buried iu tho Chetwynd vault. And yet here you are alive I It is you, and none other 1 It is you, and not a ghost I It is you. in the flesh, alive, strong, well. How happens this, that you live who have been mourned as dead I" The fierce, vindictive voice failed to kindle a spark of anger in Bernice's breast. Her herat'throbbed with a keen pain. She was bewildered, dizay, and still trembling. She did not answer. '. Speak I" cried tho Hindoo woman, shak ing her. " Do you deny that you are the JlarchioneBS of Chetwynd ?" Bernice's oath prevented her declaring her identity. Not even to old Eagee could Bte confess herself the Marchioness of Ciietwynti. 'Speak !" reiterated the old woman. " Sp'-als, or I will drag you up to the great house, and into my lord's presence." " No, no," ciied Bernice.. "I will not go there I What do you want of rac ?" "You acknowledge that you nro Lady Chetwynd ?"-\To be Continued.) 