> tic# WHEN WE WERE BOYfl. fo JoHif DXILOIT—IS Mikosy OR tSXlOVB YEARSAOT> GLOEIOUS HOPBS CHAPTER KXUl'^-.ConfiAiied. Bt WltMAKC O'SSlEtt, M.P. Mabel's fly Braail—^ttie little isle ot fcliss she was building herself'midfaidst the beiting of a stormy, sea'—bad di under the waves as suddenly as St. Finn JJarr's green sun-gilt isle had disappeared in the shuddering embraces of the mists. Her faith in thd resources of her own! small head received a rud6 shake. Her reconstructed social system seemed to have as poor a Ipok-dut as the damplooking party in great ooatg and wraps whom she found huddled in the kitchen of the shooting-lodge her. But it is wonderful whatxourage women will show amidst the wreck of worlds, The guardsman, #h'o waS looking out for her, and whose eyes jealously pounced on the happy overcoat that enveloped her, could not have „ gtiessed anything unusual from her face if he had been put to the torture for it (as, indeed, he was). He had taken his stand in the portico with the young men, cloud-compelling vigorously from three blazing cigars ana drinking brandy and water from Harry's flask; and a green school girl could havi read his own face its he stared out into the blinding rain, and fidgeted for some pretext to go out at all events and enjoy a drenching to the'skin. ' t should say to get a sound wetting must be the best thing to do in weather lfke this,' he observed, with a terrific eruption of fiery imoke. 'Afine, rattling rainstorm is often as good company on the mountain as a flask/ said Ken Bohan; ' but,' he added with a meaning smile, 'it is not often a fellow is in such lack with his rainstorm as that confounded Harold is. I really think it's almost time to organise a, search party. Deuce take the fellow! here they come!' ' Ton see, you wanted to see treland, Mr. Neville^ and we have managed to let you see Grougapn Barra in tears as well afi in its coatof .many colours. itou won't judge us toohargfily, will you P— when you think how soon the storm and weeping follow the sunihiny laughter in this poor wayward Irish life pf ours P' said Miss Westropp, as she shook the rain out of her sunny hair, while Mrd. Motherwell roused the fire into k furnace. * My dear young lady,. I. don't knp* that I'm not in love with the mists eveh more than with the splendours,' said Joshua Seville, his grey face bent towards her in a dim, quakerly glow of enthusiasm. 'Distinct development of Celtic exaggeration. Palling into lotus-eating habits already,' remarked the rector. 'Exaggeration 1 . Hector, no man ever runn'd down exaggeration that know'd how to exaggerate himself—don't yoti b'Ueve it,' said the American captain. 'I d like to know wW Raphael and theih boys had their paints for but to exaggerate. I guess them Arabian Nights' entertainments ^or about as tall a.thing, in the.ling of exaggeration as you'll find on the market; an what was the boss observation of the greatest Englishman you've growed since we left youP Why, sir, he said lie only wished thqih „ Arabian fNights was true., Wal, the njext best thing ty their being true jsndt to . go buz^ round wantin' to argue from all the evangelists whether, they , are or not, anyhow; an', sir, that's where our national genius comes id. May JIaas Harman fly away with the tha.toh if there's a .cabin round, here where the merce, fliYes, sir!' , , Captain MacCarthy. I hope , my, prince is pot put of your. ^Arabiafa . iftUgped the youngest of the . Miss - iPevilles, whose, fortunes: the American captain had been telling, on -^mpst- Javish scale, from their palms v t £ftqj a; darl(>m|9thod into .which; hewas u ,bjr an Ancient Indian squaw in the Siobx Wax (Captain Mike pro- ,npnnfedit r 'Soo'),. .. ' v .,. •. 'No, missie} if your prince ain't ah . honest article—if your prince ain't a daisy—let that respectable old Sob' female rise up from her grave down McGahan'a Gulch way and sneck up the Bcalp of the pale face now addressing the Convention!' sa£d the. captain. ' As an Amurricaa : .Republican, princes ofEends my principles ; but in justice to the memory, of old Boaring Firewater (that was her maiden name, missie), trnth cbmriels tne to certify that your prineewill torn up in time as punctual as * PreHidfcntlisi eteginfly fixed op as Solomon in all his glory.' he ^ ^ if J* ought to, which """"J put in the rector. a * k J f l u s , the whole pack of e yon good-for-nothing men, if ever we a .^ad 8 clothes dry,' said i .. Tn^y ^ere ^ comfortably tucked into t ft®* snug casemates of umbrellas, fai-fl, iugfi, and friezes—listening to the rain as a philosophic rifleman, safe "l.^i? sheltered pit, might to the' whistling of the bullets—when a wild fcure started out of the mist witli frantie shouts to the drivers to stop. «it's a sick-call/ said Fr. Phil, indulging in a inspiration which sounded like a sigh in reduced circumstances — a sigh that seemed to say, * I—hope—I—don't—intrude—I—beg—nobody—will—pay—the —smallest—attention—to —me.' the poor old man was beginning to feel some guilty glow of comfort in Ms cosy corner, where Mabel jva* nestling like, a golden fairy under his old green coat. « Well, Meehul, is it the old woman that's taking it into her head to die again f ' Shure enough, thin, sir,' said the old messenger, with a certain quissical gleam on his .queer old puckered face, * but she's going entirely this time.' 'Don't you think, now, she might nut it off for a fine evening, Meehul P' asked the priest in a vein of gentle drollery, for the old woman was an ancient client, who resorted to the last offices of religion as regularly as more fashionable old dames do to the Homburg spas. ' Oh, bet [or, I darn't face home without you, Pr. Phil. She'd Jive a purpose to rpa.st the four bones o' me/ ' there won't be much on them four bones of yours worth roasting after this journey, my poor man,' said the priest, surveying the odd gaunt figure in the rain-soaked flannel waistcoat, with shoes like enormous blisters of yellow mud, and a lock of draggled grey hair floating in the wind through a rent in his hat, but a jewel pf unconquerable goodhumour lurking under his shaggy eyebrows. ' It's my belief that old woman of yours will introduce you and me to the Last Sacraments of the Church before she'll want them herself, Meehul. Well, well, I suppose the old women have as good a right to their little enjoyments as the, rest of us,' said Fr. Phil, extricating himself from his warm shelter-trench* and shaking himself cheerily like a wiry old withered waterdog. . 'And you are going in ibis cutting storm!' cried Mabel, imprisoning his great bare palm, with two caressing ttle hands, while her eyes travelled lovingly from the old priest's - mouldy overcoat to the time-worn, . broadbrimmed hat, down whose cracks the unmannerly rain was now channelling out water-courses, while the wind blew about the silver-bright scattered hairs underneath. ' If I oould only go instead of you—-' •It's nothing at all—only up the hill a piece, my dear,' said Pr. Phil, gaily. ' An umbrella 1 my dear child, 'twould not live on the mountain in a storm like that, no more than. your pretty sunshade. Send round the carriage for me P Listen to that, Meehul! Nothing less than a carriage road would do you up to the top of Cnocaunacurraghcooish for grandeur! Troth, I'in thinking, Meehul, they'd have evicted you out of that many's the day ago only they'd have to cut a road to get at you. No,ino—tell one of the boys of the Learys in the Pass to ,catch a pony and send him round for me. Meehul and I will take a skirt across the hill.: Come, 'tis tone for us to be trudging, honest man, if. you and I are to .escape that roasting.'. . '. Don't tell me St. Finn Barr don t still walk them hillsl' roared the American captain, as the driver cracked his whip, and tiie old battered hat and the blowing. .silver hair disappeared in the blinding tain-drifts up tne jmpuntain. ' Don't tell me. That's all I want to observe. That'll all.l Missie, be good enough to batter me about .the head with that knobstick,' he said, • suddenly. 'Or mebbe you'd; ask the reotpr to oblige by crunching my toe with the heel of his boot* few.' . ^ „ 'Up the hill a ^iece' was only Fr. Phil's sketchy way of describing a couple of hours' climbing, groping, and jumping pp. and around and. iuto_ the black quagmires* and over the gigantic boulders that compose the bleak hill country which extends' from the romantic Pass of Keim-an-Eigh until its brown wastes inett into the soft tincture of the Kerry hillB towWds 'Glenfl^sk. An inhospitable wild at the bebt, any less infallible guide than Meehul must have lost all trace of his whereabouts in the whirling and all but solid white vapour that swathed them round and round like .a winding-sheet, and SOT less experienced Mountaineer than Fr. Phil must have fptini) a ferave in seine, inky bog-hole or it the bottom of some smooth-faced precijiice in endeavouring to^foUow. The fttaioAi -of dajrlmess wote beginning to ^ added the rest, when their eyes aught the glimmer from Meehul's hut mongst the rocks of Cnocaunacurraghooish in an eyrie almost as inapproachble as its name. '.© wisha, I declare to the saints above, f die isn't sittin' by the hob with her ay-pot, as grawver as a judge, afther all ur dhrowndin" and clamper,' cried eehul, so disgusted with the sight that et his eyes when he lifted the latch hat he still stood out under the swirling ownpour with his hand on the latbh. ! •Why, thin, Maurya, 'tis a wondher 'tisn't taking a shaugh of the pipe you are, or out enjoyin' a mouthful of fresh ir, 'tis such an illigant fine evenin for walkin'.' •Oh, thin! Oh, thin! I suppose I ought to pass an apology for not bein' dead-in the bed before you, you unfeeling ould cawbogue, an' to fling your jokes like a play-boy at one that won't long be a trouble to you,' said a sharp voice from amidst the deep glow of the peat fire; then more shrilly, as the wind and rain came whisking in at the open door and mixed furhiture, showers of red sparks, and human figures in a demoniacal dance in the chimney-comer—' Glory be to them that's on high, will you shut the doore, you angish of a man P Don't you think you'll be rid of me soon enough without sending in a black hurleycane on my back, or do you want to sind the child hers' supper up the chimleyP' " There's a good deal of sense in that, Maurya, indeed, I must allow,' said Fr. Phil, coming forward into the blase, and directing the stream from his drippihg hat into an unobtrusive dbrner. 'Oh, wisha, wisha, Fr. Phil, but you're dhrownded intirely!' cried the old woman, now rifeing with sudden energy and curtseying profoundly, as she tenderly pushed the old priest into her own warm corner beside the blaze. ' Humbly axin' your pardon, your reverence, and sorry I am that I'm not in a dyin' state to receive you this night, afther all your throuble in climbin' up to this misfortunate place. Sure, I belieVe it Was the scent of your reverence on the mountain that brought me around; there's luck and grace wherever you go; but, see now, what should come into my mind all of a sudden, whin I ought to be thinkin' o' my last end, but that I'd like to get up an' mix a small little grain of tay, with a fresh egg baten down in it; and shure enough, there it was simmerin' be the fire, Whin your reverence condeseinded to the Onld doore.' • No harm in life done, Maurya,' said the priest, with the sweetest droll expression. * Sure, it's no sin to say I'd rather be drinking a cup of tea with an old neighbour any night than administering Extreme Unction to her; and upon my word, Maurya, I mean to try if there isn't some good in,, the pot, like yourself, this chilly night, if you have no objection to Share with a benighted traveller.' ' Shure! Oh, thin,|it's you that's as welcome to it as the angelB, if every dhrop in the pot was a jewel out of the Injies!' cried the old dame, her faded eyes glowing, a quite beautiful smile on her pinched, cadaverous cheeks, and her limbs bustling about, as though she had just drunk a potion of youth like Dr. Faustus. ' Oh, but you're perished, Fr. Phil—the coat is wringin.' Here, gorsobn, run out for a brusiia of turf—run, I say!—and show his reverence's coat to the fire! And listen, your reverence,' the poor old creature whispered, with it gracious delicacy that mortal langu&gb; will never paint, in a voice not meant for the children to hear, 'therms a weeshy dhrop of nourishment there in the bottle that the ould man is ordhered to takfe when the rheumatic pains is bad, an' might it be pleasing to your reverence to put it to your lips, just to take the coWli o' the mountain out o' youP' ' Indeed, then, I will, Maurya, with a heart and a half—the drop of nourishment, by all means!' said Fr. Phil, in high good humour. 'Well, well, and how are all the boys and girlBP' he cried, seating himself comfortably on the one straw-bottomed chair of thfe establishment within the rtrddy glare of the firelight, and taking in the whole contents of tile cabin in one' smiling survey; whereupon the young Ones, who had respectfully shrunk away from the fire, the girls With the cornerB of their bibs coquettishly inserted betweek their ted lips, and the boys wearing an air of preternatural solemnity, found it necessary to retreat a little further,out of the firelight to concekl the smiling and blushing mgnals they threw but to the old priest; while the little heifer, whibh inhabited the far comer of the icabin (in exchange tor whose warinth Drimin returned her own" quoty of animal heat and her own sweet, wholesome breath), seemed to have caught Fr. Phil's with much content, on her own account^ and murmured a gentle doinestib tiiwaw i of welcome as the spokesman of he* own department of the family. 'Well, thin,' indeed, Td like you'd spake to ihotioolidh boy df mirie; Fr. Phil, jui£ glad I am gift you're her? t9 do it,' said STeefrid, pointing the finger public opinion in the shape of his caubfeen in the direction of ft till, cleta- Uinbed youth, who had quitted the fire On the priest's entrance, and now Stood shyly in an attitude of loufegittg strength by the wall behind the small youngsters. ' Oh dear 1 , and What has Owen been doing P I hope it Wasn't ca*d-pTaying, now P or, maybe, down at the 'dancehouse P* said Fr. Phil, directing a not very -menacing scrutiny upon the young fellow, who only coloured and turned his head shyly aside a little into the shade. ' Worse than that, your reference, Worse than that—oat of his bed, nightwalkin', whin it's nothin' but mischief he and the likes of him can be brewin',' said Meehul, in a grave voice. 'I'm towlt it's down in the Glen he do be with the boys, dhrilling, and I don't know what—dhrilling with the Fee-neens, your reverenee, and casting bullets m the ould forge beyant—God give 'em sinse, the poor foolish gorsoons!—as if it woren't hard enough for a poor man to knock out the praties for the childher,' he saidi With a heavy sigh, 'without bringing the Fee-neens, and maybe the afhw toy, down ' upon our ' backs ' !' " • Oh, my goodness, you're a terrible boy!' said Fr. Phil, in his severest manner. ' Didn't you hear what Monsignor M'Grudder said to you the other Sunday P Didn't you hear him telling you that you are flying in the face of God and His Church, and that you're bound to obey the law at the peril of your life and your liberty here, and your eternal damnation hereafter ?' ' What have you to say to that P' urged the old farmer, encouraged by the lad's embarrassed silence. A curious shy smile crept over Owen's handsome face, as he said in a modest undertone—'Troth, Fr. Phil, not making your reverence a short answer, it's not everything that MOnsignor M'Grudder do be saying that people would swear by. We can't be much worse than we are, anyway.' ' Oh, holy Lord I did you hear that ?' cried old Meehul, in horror. 'Now, who's right P That's what comes of your Fee-neens and your night-walking and yonr stravaguing about the forge—he turns upon God's own blessed priest!' ' Yerra, you're always goin' on at that boy!' sharply interposed the old woman, who was npw decanting a fragrant blend of the tea. and the drop of nourishment into her one cracked teacup for his reverence. ' Sure, it's thrue enough for him, since Fr. M'Grudder got that furrin' name of his, he's more like a lord than a soggarth. I don't know what he wants o' them hard names for at all among poor people.' •Maurya, Maurya, 'tis lucky for you you're not going in for the list Sacraments to-night,' said the gentle pulpiter, with a face of smiling reproof. 'Well, but you know, Owen, my lad, no young fellow was ever good for either God or country if he falls into bad ways and neglects his religion. If Monsignor M'Grudder refuses you the Sacraments, unless you give up the secret society, what will you do then P You won't defy the wrath of God, boy* will you P' The lad drew himself up in an attitude of quiet strength that showed that the midnight drillings had not been altogether thrown away upon his supple frame. He blushed again, as if the words did not come to him too easily ; then with a half-sheepish, whele-a£Eectionate smile, he murmured—'Well, your reverence, if it comes to that—if he never dp any worse than strike an honest blow for the poor ould counthry, I don't think, Fr. Phil, you'll ever see us short 1 yourself:' " Well, well—maybe not, m»ybe not— God direct you, boy! God• directsyou !' cried the old priest, as if he were half inclined-to laugh, and still more inclined to nigh; ' After all, Meehul/ he said, turning to the old man, 'alter.all, we mustn't be too hard on O wenr^the poor boys will'have enemies enough against them without yoii and me joining the Peefets/•-" oj^aV si < .iv/ 1 Aiid hechanged the Bubjectby subjecting the litCle one* to vc Holy acquisition as to their proficiency in their rtrayers. This-WaS a ^subject which gave tfo little people more confidence to advamw^'out of thefr blushifig retirement; and the^old prieBt; soon had one pair of Wondering blue eyes looking up at him iroia^ Ms knee, and hit-hand on the yelleW cMs that. cjrOtyried < another pair, >*lul»= the Whole' family kneit in the flickering «ufglow to repeat the heavenly-hufllBB invocation—'Oh clement, oh loving, oh swe^t Virgin-Mary 1' until the < tottering cabin, in itjs jreiril colouring, lookedlike a picture after the Florentine sehbol of Cherubim at Homeland tiie tempest outside, now -subsiding into suMiui, wight have been the oflbedc&^ iitibqter darkness. - ' =••.•'< • The* Fr. Phil young folk with a stoty4ifc4|igMpBHtt* .huntetk hog; Ago oh • arowd. Gougaun, and Iww lw ^1® foiled bj a supernatural mist which St. Finn. Ban raised before their eyes, and under whose spell those wicked hunters with their horses stepped into the depths of the lake; and just as the little romance had arrived at that happy stage, Owen pnt in his head to say— •The pony is here, Fr. Phil, and the storm is gone, and the moon is shinin' splendid, glory be to God!' Is it so very horrible if old Meehul's little flock went to their not too unkind bed of heather with a suspicion that St. Finn Barr had more than need be told to do with providing Fr. Phil with his supply of silver moonlight, as well as with the mist that bnned the priest' banters at the bottom of the lake P ' Good- night!' sang out the old priest, as he sank down placidly on the cushionlike baok of his hairy pony. ' Don't be in too great a hurry dying again for the •winter, Maurya—though, upon my conscience,'he said to himself, like a prayer, ' that" Hail Holy Queen 1" was as good as a picnic.' Certainly the folk in the waggonettes were not so merry as they bored their way through the tunnel of dense grey moisture which overhung the road. The state of the weather luckily offered them a plausible explanation of their dulness; but it was painfully clear to Mabel that it was the silence which had fallen upon Jack Harold's gay carillon of song and laughter, so incessantly rippling on the way to the picnic, that really made the difference. After the first thrill of unselfish adoration as he kissed his lost divinity's hand, the sense of hopeless loss, of disappointment, chagrin, despair, had rushed upon him in a resistless tide and 'spoiled the sweet world's taste.' The master of many legions of airy quips and graces had allowed his mishap quite to pluck him down. It was not comforting to masculine vanity to contrast his face of helpless woe with the brave light Mabel herself made to divert attention from his large-writ wretchedness, by arousing her own bright spirits and witching voice to double duty. She succeeded so well that Captain Mike—who, even he! had so far yielded to the influence of the hour as to lapse into a gruesome and somewhat prolix ghost-story of a certain blood-boulter'd runaway nigger, who blew'out the Confederate camp-fires through his grinning teeth the night before Grant crossed the Rappahannock (which was the more singular that, in a reply to a query of Mr. Neville, it would seem that the spectre appeared in fiery frames, since it was not easy for a ghost of the coloured race to make his own complexion effective in the dark)—gradually rose to such apitch of high spirits that he insisted on outbawling the storm with the rollicking Federal chorus, "Twas by mistake we lost Bull Run;' after which he treated the storm to the stirring American marching-song, 'Tramp, tramp, tramp, the boys are marching!' which was new at this side of the Atlantic at the time, and has since, by one of the extraordinary freaks of history, remained to give an air to the Irish national anthem. Nobody would have guessed that the bright figure that tripped up the Castle steps was not every whit as lightsomehearted as she who tripped down in the rosy morning, But, if Miss Deborah Harman could have had a peep at the poor, little, sobbing, wretched, broken thing that flung itself on a certain daintily-valanced bed the moment the sound of the wheels was gone, even that stern brow might have framed a less virtuous frown for the Hon. Miss Westropp's guilty dissipations at Gougaun Barra, and her treasons against. her Sovereign and against society, in consideration of the swiftness with which their punishment overtook. them. She did not dare to question herself why Jack Harold's declaration of love had bo shocked, so almost horrified her. I think she was in dread that pride of blood and a haughty, sensitive self-respect, barely, if at all, distinguishable from self- consciousness and self-will, would have rushed with an answer. ,What she felt was a vague horror lest all her dreams of beneficence and usefulness .might be but the crude follies, of an ignorant girl, and might expose her to other misunderstands ings—-other wounds—other insults, a rebellious voice within her whispered— like that dreadful munniuf of her name, and that touching of her hand, which even now caused her to draw up the offended hand with a start, as if it had been bitten. Was she even sure that it was going to end there P If one of Harry's democratic friends (with the very sincerest motives, too, the unhappy young man! and with probably horrible pain to himself as the issue) dared to make love to her because she had treated him as an equal in two or three casual rencounters, what .dangers, what terrors, in another •order, might not be brewing even at this very moment in the library undgr her own foot, where another of Hamr'e friends—j AmMuwD spt tome to some occult band of conspirators, possibly to give the signal for some bloody insurrection 1 Tne poor child cowered and moanfed with terror before the dreadful apparitions that her own imperious self-indtilgence seemed 'to be calling up around her, and it Would have gratified the virtuous zCal of all moralists like Miss Deborah'Harman, Who'desired nothing but to see vice temperately chastised and virtue modestly rewarded to observe how our poor little recoil structor of society put her helpless little hands to her bursting little head, and in apassion of tears cried out, 'Oh, mother" —why have I not a mother P Oh, father, dear old father!—I am so wretched !— why don't you come P' (To be continued.) 