OUR TELEPHONE. Araminta, switch nson to the Mrihrmrno liko a dear creaturc.-Octaviua, Nay, i I lio Ghost there 7— Unfortunately, more are several ghost in the immediate neighteirhixri of thu institution. Whlcli aiticlc in tho Speculum whichcxfirwed the disgraceful condition of, and lack of proper appliances in, the operating theatre.— Right, 111 fetch him for you, if lean. A wild gust Along tho wires and a sepulchral Well, old friend." Gh, Tin: Hntajji woukl like to kuow if your remarks in the "Speculum " have Izad any effect?— Well, indirectly, they havo. \ uu may remember that tbe Lancet" twk them up, and rubbed it in pretty atrong for the KjHicial l«c:ictit of the hoanltal nuthorkies. Thnt caused a visit of inspec tion to bo made, with tho result that tho building committee has voted L'SjOO for a new operating theatre. A lift noise to ho provided between the ground and upper Hoore. In tiio year 2S90 the Melbourno Hospital may ho aa well np to the times as ore the hrapital of Sydney, Wellington, and Auckland now. But a now operating theatre— and your lending Rurgeons will tell you that one U very badly needed— ii, after nil, only one small improvement wlier » many arc wauted. But l»ow arc they to be nl Pi i-,l ?_ Ae they were iu Baltimore. Th in a wealthy man donated land and f n L« for o hfMpitai which should \w equal tu idl ro- quirctnenta, instead of a standing diegraco to a large and growing city. Molbourtic JlcHpital accommodation will never be nuulc really adequate hy private nubtcriptlonu. xct your wealthy men, your milHonalrca, live and die without deciding to do this one grand good to Melbourne. There waa old No name!; pleaxc, revered jpectre. — All right. But I've raid enough. If tho Melbourne Hospital "operating theatre" (save the mark !) had been all it ought to ba, I might not ho a ghost now. Ah ! yea. And you're not tho only Iu- habitant of Shadowlatid with that regret. 1 nin not, indeed. Good-bye. — " Faro thee well at once ; tho clow-worm »how« the matin to ho near." J'hcae word are Sliakcsperc'a. Ho ami I often sympathise tocethcr now with human llesh nnd iu many ilia. This Ghost— t!i<mch none other — " walks." 