CHAPTER X. THeE 0E01055155 ON THIO END. During the laot two months my life had been so full of strange events, and of cir cumstances unforeseen and uninterpreted, that by this time there woo hardly a single minute when I felt in the least degree cer tain of what would or would not befall me in the next. From John Solway's behaviour to me on that Wednesday afternoon I judged that our intimacystood little chance of a renewal. And yet the very next morning I received a note from Solway himself, entreating me to go and see him. Mingled and divided and confused, as all my feelings were at thattime towards him, I never hesitated as to my answer; but that afternoon, as soon as my work was over, I took a cab, and drove in the dusk direct to Manchester Square. After all I had witneEsed and suspected, I could not enter John Solway'e house without a certain sinking at the heart, which was at least closely allied to fear. In vain I taxed my self-assurance. I could not help feeling unwontedly nervous and excited as the servant ushered mein. Hap. pily John was not in the library. He was confined, the butler told me, to his room upstaire, and had not been down sine the early morning. So upstairs we went. I found him lying on a low chair, and looking like a man who is struggling with a relentless sickness. All of a sudden, it appeared, the continuous strain of his trouble had broken him down. There was that in his face which alarmed me more than I would confess to myself, and com passion quickly got the better of every other feeling in my mind. Evidently, too, his old friendliness for me had returned, and he tried to rise, and greeted me affec tionately as I entered. "It is very good of you to come to me, Forrester. I have treated you so ill and behaved so rudely that I doubted whether you would come at all." "I only wish I could help you, John,"' I answered. " It paiws we to see how you suffer. Why would you not trust me before P" He turned his eyes woofully towards me, and again as we gazed at one another it shocked me to see how ill he looked. " Al, Temple," he said, " sometimes I wish I had come to you at the beginning and told you everything; but I could not. Oh, Heaven I if you. knew what I have suffered, Forrester, you would pity me. Do you think that by enduring misery in~this life one can atone for any of the evil that one does P" "Perhaps," I answered, doubtfully ;"for surely suffering for one's sins is often a form of repentance, is it not P" "Ah, Forrester, Forrester," he repeated, wearily, " how I wish I had had courage at the beginning to tell you all ! Day by day I have been guarding this secret, carrying it about with me everywhere, and all the while it has been burning like hot irons into my soul. Every night it has lain down by me, and whenever I woke I have seemed to see the accursed thing there, lying on the pillow and grinning at me in the darkness. Every tour I have borne it, it has got worse and eglier and blacker; and now-how can I describe it, Forrester ? Will you loathe me if I tell you all ? Will you promise not to forsake me and leave me quite alone to die P" " Do not be afraid of that, John," I said, gently, infinitely distressed to see the tor ture of his mind. " If you wish to trust me with your secret, it will be your secret still; and I shall always be your friend if you will lot me." " I wish I had told you I" he cried. "Oh, I do wish I had told you I But there, it so too late now for regrets. I am dying, For rester, and I sent for you to give you my confidence, and ask for your compassion before I die." " Nonsense, John I" I said, angrily, think. ing it best to treat him so. "sHow can you speak so wildly ? You are suffering from a nervous fever; that is all. You have some terrible burthen on your mind. But if you will rid yourself of that, you may yet van quish this disease, and be as well as everyou were." He shook his head quietly. " No, I shall never recover. I know what I am saying, Forrester. No man can bear 'what I have borne for nearly two months. now and outlive such agony, Besides, I have been growing weaker dry by day. Last night I spent such a night as would kill many men outright. At dawn this morning, when I resolved to send for you, my one prayer was that I mpight live to make my confession to you. Now I am better again; but one other such night will end me, so my time is short. Oh, For. rester, tell me, can any human powers avail to torture us beyond the grave P" Involuntarily I recoiled as he leaned for ward and, clutching my arm, put this wild question to use. He saw that his violence had shocked me. " I am not mad," he cried ; " don't fear that, Temple. Sometimes I have thought and hoped I might be. But answer me this if you can. I know it is a strange question, Sometimes I think that death itself will not be strong enough to part me from my tor tuoer, or to break the chain which binds us together. Listen to me, Forrester, and try' to tell me. Have you never felt that to some mortals is given power over others power to dictate to them in this world, power ti which death cannot place a limit ?. Call it Spiritualism, or Will.power, or any sume you please-it is no matter, Have you never known a being who could exercise over you such a spell, who could make you his slave and creature, who could compel your actions and almost command your senses, who could hold you in his grasp, and use you, and haunt you, and torture you ? Qh, Forrester, may you never know what it is to feel like that ! It is not human- hardly. I cannot underot snd it. It is like the tales of the old sorcerers and their deal. ings with the devil. Sometimes I think it must be more than mortal, and that the doom of it will follow one beyond the grave, Tell me, Forrester, do you think that there is certain restin death ? " I was determined to stop this talk at all hazards. "Forgive me, John," I said, "but I will not even listen to such senseless words. How can you help suffering if you allow yourself to indulge such morbid illusions P Drive them away from you resolutely. Think of anything, talk of anything, believe anything, rather than sit here and brood upon so miserable a creed I Come, you did not send for me to tell me this. For Heaven's sake, drag your mind dut of that slough; and if you like to trust me and to tell me your secret, I will do all I can to help and-to save you." He lay back for a few moments and looked at me in silence. It had grown dark outside. Already the night had outpaced the twilight, and was overlapping the vanquished day. We waited in the dead afternoon, each gazing at the other through the dimness. Then he drew a long sigh. " Yes, you are right, Forrester. I sent for you to tell you something else than this, and now I can hardly bring myself to do it. But, there! it does not matter what you think of me when i am dead, Listen hero"-and he drew himself up and bent towards me, as if afraid to speak above a whisper even in that silent house-" there are some papers in the library-deeds and other things-which I will give you, and which you most take away and read. You will uneerstand them, and you will find my confession there among them. This morn. iug I wrote the story of these two' months, and laid it with the rest. You shall have them all. Come." He took my arm, and, drawing himself up, leaned heavily upon me, hobbling to. wards the door. We crossed the room and went out upon the landing. But there, tee, instead of lsmps and gaslight, was nothing but darkness sad the grey evening flickering on the skylight overhead. We passed along a corridor, groping to the further end, sud had just begun to dencend the stairs when something arreoted mm in sou course and sent an icy numbneos through my blood. Faintly ocroon the Sgloom of the deserted house there come up Sthe staircase a weird, penetrating sound,I Sstriking the cur gently at first, and then swelling rapidly into a longidrawn lamcv, testion. Never in my life before had I heard any sound so sad as t hat. Never, I pray, may I hear a aeoud no terrible sgsisu'. It began quietly, with a soft, ghostly veailing,like a dinconuolate wind in cottage eaves. And then with swvift eddies it surged and gathered into loudness, each intonation rising higher than the laot, until the ,egretful moaning tad passed into de. spairing cries of pain, snd these again had risen to shrill ansi piercing ahrieks. Soon shriek after elhriek, an of a brokesn soul is tortuire, rushed upwards across the 'dark stairs and smote the roftero over us, till the block echoes shrieked around. And then; when the sound hsdreschcditsoclimax,and the terror of it was becoming intolerable, as suddenly it luegsn to lessen and fall, and finally with the some distressful 'wail. log buried iteelf in the fathomlers silence sgsin' How long the noise continued I cannotI say. I only know that while it' lasted we twain stood there rooted motionlses to the spot, gszing ench at the pals outline of the other's features, gasping in hreathless fear, our eyes sufissed witt horror, with even the throbbing of our hearts stilled. I felt fiolway's fingers clutch snd pinch my arm with a violence which caused mo ezquisite aginy, and yet never a cry nor a word could I utter, So we must have stood together long after the nsond had ceased, Then flolway swung me round, and, dragging my arm hack, spoke to me in a voice from schick the ring hsd entirely gone out. " Come bask-come tack I For Heaven's sake, come back!is We re-entered the room which me bad left, and there agains se waited in suspense, as one waits in a nightmsare for the shock of destruction which one knows must come. And then I, the wildest of the two, I think, treks from Solwny, and, rushing to the fire, forceda flame. The 'light finred hieht the maddening shadows fled before it, and half my terrors vanished as the thin tongue leaped. I saie Sulseay standing with chattering teeth in the middle of the floor. At last lie spoke bushily " I cannot go there now, Temple; we must wait anothier day." "John," I sns.wered,' " I can tolerate this suspenss no songer. I will not fly from my terrors as a child flies from a ghost. 1 am going down now to find out what that noise means." And I made a motion towards the door. But a sudden strength inspired John Sol. way. He threw himself in my way, and then Eank on his knees, and in an agony no man can paint besought me to lay aside my purpose. At first I was immovable. I felt that if I suffered myself to go away with that mystery unexplored, I should always he buildigg up out of my fancy in t .ngihle horrors for myself. The reality could scarcely be so dreadful as the phan. tasms my brain could conjure up. And yet John Solway conquered me, and made me relinquish my design. There and then he promised me, with-a passionate energy of which I should have thought him hardly capable, thatif only I would trust him and not persist at that moment he would reveal the whole mystery to me, and lay the precious papers he had spoken of in my hands next day. But even that promise might not have persuaded me had it not been for his own agony, and for one ad mission which I had cruelly wrung from him. " John," I said, " I will waive this and yield to you if you will answer me one question. Where were you on the night of the lawyer's death?" He replied instantly without the least hesitation. "In Scotland, of .course," he said. And then his tone' changed and his eyes fell bitterly, for he guessed what was in my mind. "Oh, Forrester, Forrester l" he cried, "why did you ask me that ?" Thus my interview with John Solway proved fruitless,and I left his house that afternoon without seeking any further to ex plain the mysterious cries which had arrested us in the execution of our purpose, and had so sorely scared our wits. (To be continued.) 