A Whale's Gratitude. THE YANKEE SKIPPER'S YARN. The venerable Yankee skipper set down Ms glass, having- drained it of a good three-finger go of ' ol' Med V m'lasses,' the dull liued tipple putting a brighter light in the old salt's eye, showing con clusively that it had reached the right spot in the interior of his weather beaten, but still solid, frame. 'Bout that air spaxm whale sperience b' mine, eh? Wai, it mouf s well be that's anything, I s'pose. 'Member I told ye it wer down in the South seas, when I wer runnin' the clipper schooner Shootin' Star fur the benefit a' the ' Ion-pig' eaters an' other dusky cit'zens o' the sunny iles down ther', an' inc'dentally the profit o' the Star's owners, o' which I wer one. Now, mebbe ye don't b'leeve that brute critters has feelin's an' emoshens like human critters. Mebbe ye don't b'leeve ;em ekul to thankfulness an' gratitood an? secli good p'ints. I do. Yes, sir, I b'leeve that critters o' earth, air, and sea, other'n humans, has feelin's an' emoshens. 'Course I don't count in rattlesnakes an' tigers, buzzards an' hen hawks, or sharks an* devil fishes, but I do count in hosses an' dogs an* turkle duvs, and why not whales, great big blubberin' critters that wouldn't hurt no one, 'less tackled fust, an' not allus then ? That one on 'em showed gratitude, I'll satisfy ye, an' if one, why not many ? The Shootin' Star had be'n shootin' 'long thro' the South Pacific on the ragged edge ot! a rip-snortin' tornado fur two days. bcin' then dropped into the flattest ca'm ye ever seen for three days. 'Bout noon o! the third day o' that ca'm, I were roused outen a grateful snooze by my boy Sara, then on his maiden v'yage to sea, who cried out in his sum'at ha'sh Vice — ha'sh when excited : ' Geewhiz to geewhilllkins ! Gosh to goos'br'is,pop, but here be the goldurndest free fight ye ever seen, an' front seats fur the hull on us ! Tumble up, pop ! The earkis ar' right on the port beam, 'thin harf a cable's length, an' Hannible ar' slotterinff Sezar- vfi'd think bv the blnnd on the battle-field V The latter part o* his remarks showed that the lad nadn't let his Tiginal gen'us thrive at the expense 'o his grasp on hist'ry. Wai, waked wide up an' ciir'us to know vrho wer havin' this freefiglit — I'd o tighter iho't, but didn't — I tumbled up on deck an' seen who -were Hannible an' who wer Sezar, the fust bein' a sawfish 'n thrasher, an' the second a sparm whale. Laud's sake ! but what a fight that wer ! It rippled the ocean fur miles around, and elus to us, lashed it into great foam-capped waves, the foam bein' blood red, however — evidently Sezar wur bleedin' fur his eountry an' dyin' on a large scale. 1 ou landsmen that never seen a sawfish tkrasher-'ii-whale scrimmage have missed a sight, depend on't. It's not on'y excitin' an' thrillin', but ye get all worked up in favor o' the big feller, a great big hulkin' gooa-natur'd critter gm'relly, 'thout no 'riginal cussedness into him, an' who most allus gits the worst o' the fight — allus, I gess, if the sawfish don't happen to brer k his' weppin' o' onsl'ot — tho' big enufE to BWwJler both o' his antagonists, if his throat wer bilt that way. The sawfish an' thrasher ar' on'y sharks by other names an' variashens, an' jest as cussed, the fust bein' so called 'cos he carries a sawtooth weppin' straight out afore him ; an' the second so called 'cos he lays aboard an' knocks the etufiin' outen whales while the other is doin' the jabbin' and sawin' biz. The fight hadn't prob'ly b'en' goin' on long when the waylaid whale an' would-be 'sassins bust outen the sea an' Sam called me— it wer p.rob'ly the whale's fust come up fur air an' to blow arter the onsl'ot — but it wer a promisin' one when I come on deck, young as it wer. Sakes alive ! such dashin' an' splashin' rollin' ad' tumblin', dartin' an' dodgin', rushin' an' thumpin' leapin' an' stabbin', ragin' an' bleedin', I never dreamed on. Truly, it looked as my boy Sam said, as tho' Hannible had took a contract to slotter Cezar, with every pros geck of success. Waal, sir, the, fight pro* gressed every minit a' gained in violence an' savagery. I tell ye, sir, it wer suthin' awful to 6ee that whoppin' sawfish- — they wer all whoppers of their kinds — rush like a rockit at the levi athan -f the deep, an' jab his saw edged weppin' into him tip to the handle, an' then spin round like a top, increasing tenfold the poor victim's agony, prob'ly, an' showin' his own inf arnel cussedness by bo doin'. Yes, it wer awful, sir, an' when the. big feller beilered like a bull caxf an' shed tears big's Bartlett pears, as he blowed ofE his life blood, which wer runnin' too, f 'm a score o' stab wounds, I tell, ye, sir, it made a man o' tender feelin's weep an' send out all his 'art's sympathy to the under dog in the fight, an' wish he Tver the champion eawfish hiaself fur, the moment, so's to knock out the other feller an' saw into Mndlin' wood his pal, the thrasher, whose tremenjus whacks on the whale's body sounded in that dead ca'm like short, sharp, thunder claps ! I tell ye, sir, I ain't a bit ashamed to own up that I weeped for that poor, unfor tunit purveyor of ile to the human race. To see that bloodthirsty wretch of a saw fish jab an' cut an' come agin, ? to see an' hear them tremenjus 'whacks ;-' o' the thrasher's tail right on the blubber spot o' the whale's heart, which «hook the critter i*m stein to starn, an' to see the poor devil o£ a victim roll an' rush an' dive to escape his tormentors, then, on comin' tip for air, to be tackled agin, savager *a ever, the blood spurtin' f'm his h\$£fr hole and gushin' f'm his many stab wounds, while he beilered in agony an' weeped harf gallon tears o' anguish, would ha' softened the heart of a wooden injun, sir. An' it did mine, I acknowledge. Wai, the minits rolled on and the com bat deepened, an' so did the color o' the sea round about the fighters. Tho' ther were three on 'em, ye couldn't call it a three cornered duel, like vaj ol' friend Cap'n Marryat rit of, fur ther wer two agin one, an' them two no better 'n downright mur derers, not 'a bit, sir, when two sech things o' the sea tackle' a denizen that wasn't ' bilt for bluster, b'li gerence an' blood, but for peace ful purposes only, with nocturnal illoo minashen in perspecktiv. It were kinder singooler that, tho' they fit 'n splashed over a good deal o' ground, as it wer, the whale allays fetched back to 'bout the spot , wher we fust seen 'em, as tho' the poor vic tim o' the thugs wanted our sympathy, he lookin' tearfully over at us ev'ry now an' then 'an wishin', no doubt, we could suc cor him. Fin'ly ther wer a savager rush'n ever on the part o' the eawbearer, a wickeder thrust uv his cruel weppin into the vitels o' the sufE'rin' victim, an' a rappid spin about as he worked to add angwish to agony ! an' the thumps 'n' whacks ©' the thrashin' sockdolager o' the sea were more powerful 'an ever. It wer jest awful to see an' hear the punishment the poor cow whale wer' gettin' — lack o' moustache, which every bull whale has, showed it wer a cow — an' when she gin out a more ag'nisin' beller than ever, an' weeped bigger tears — big 's small-sized water melons — my 'art just went broke, my eyes weepin' cop'usly, an' I bust out involun tery, as it wer, with suth'in' like this : , ' Shear off outen that, ye poor tormented critter,, an' scuttle in an' lay up 'longside o' the Star, an' we'll help ye if we kin !' meanin' all I said. .Now, sir, comes a strangfe sarkinstance. Mebbe it wer on'y coincidence : but to me it wer, an allue will be, a direck an' intelli gent response to my symp'thetick invitation an' promis' o' help. What did the poor cow do ? Wai, sir, she div in the fust place, but not 'out o' sight, 'fore shakin' her flukes high in the air, as much as to say, 'Thank ye, I'll be with ye!' In a minit the Star got suth'n' of a shock an' begun to rock, the ol' cow, woe fully bleedin' f'm eve'y pore, soon risin' an' lyin' clus under the starbud beam, havin' div under our keel, her squared snout 'bout even with the Star's stem, her flukes ten foot abaft the starn, twhIHti' her out to be a full eighty-footer, her dark life-blood spouting cop'usly f'm her blow hole, an' the great big tears runnin' down her cheeks like rain — sech rain as they prob'ly had when Noah's flud come down. I tho't the poor critter wer on her last legs, so to speak, but whales have a good deal o' life blood into 'em an die hard, 'less thir vitals ax, struck* severely, an' I kencluded her'n hadn't received a death dealin' blow ; but they had, as ye'll see, tho' it were mot a 'mejitely fatal blow. What did we do then ? Why, I had the yawl over the port side in a jiff:, with four men into it, two at the oars, one with a dubble bar'l shot gun, an' the fourth with a harpoon to shoot, stick an' Mil, if we could, or drive off: them savage sluggers o' the sea an' murderers o' innercents. An' we done it, too j that is, we driv 'em off:, but quicker'n we should, p'raps, if the sawfish hadn't broke his saw shoot off at the handle by spitefully jabbin' at the boat, the weppin glancin' frm the bows an' strikin' the good oak stern, snappin' short off. Rendered hoss de combat, the disarmed critter cried quitz, 'n' hauled off: fur f utur' repairs, his pal, the sluggin' rnffin, sheerin' off:, too, the minit he seen sawfish wern't no longer in it, but not 'thought gittin' two charges o' buck shot wher' the lads tho't would do the most good — 'bout in the middle o' the back ! What happened thenf One o' them cur's facks that ar' cur*user *n fickshun, sir. In a minit or two, findin* his invet'rit foes had hauled off!, the sorely thumped an' lacerated cow whale riz up her head over the starbud bow, leaned over the rail, an', sheddin' tears of thanfulness and gratitood, which fell splashin' on the hot deck like buckets o' water, seized a coil o' rope in her big mouth an' made off slowly, waggin' her flukes high aloft. ' Gosh 't goos'bri,' cried my boy Sam, * the critter's gon ter gin us a tow fur savin' her life V an' sprung 'n made the line fast to the windlass. Wai, that's what it looked like, I'm blast'f it didn't. An' it wer a sure thing in a minit when, findin' the line taut, the thankful critter, sheerin' sharp to port' forged ahead with mad'rit speed, takin' the Star along's well as any tug could a done. Didn't that look like — didn't it show, sir — thankful- ness an' gratitood? I say yes, an' the world can't beat me out on't, sir. Ye tfcin]£it:did,eh? I tho't ye would. An' ye think a tow outen a three day's ca'm that mout last three weeks wer a tol'ble fair showin' o' gratitood — all a poor, dum' sea critter could do — don't ye, sir ? I tho't ye would. So do I who wer there to 'predate it. But that weren't a sarkimstance, six, to what she done in the end — that poor, wounded, bleedin', dyin' thankful critter ! — but on'y the beginnin' o' the end o' her deep gratitood! To win' us easily over the glassy waters o' the southern sea till nigh onto sunset, she fin'ly slowed down an' come to longside a mess o' flotsam which proved to be amber gris, a stuff used in perfumes, light as cork but worth five dollars a pound in them times ! An' when I tell ye, sir, that ther' wer suth'n' like 2001b on 't, ye must 'low that my sparm whale sperience wer a sum'at profitable one, an' that the grati tood o' that cow whale wer bounded cn'y by her ability to do ! Yes, sir, that mess o' ambergris, wuth quite a leetle fortin in them days, wer what that grateful but dyin' whale towed us onto that ca'm an', blistrin' day down in the South Pacific. An' to cap the climax, as it wer, an' to crown the o'cashen with a hallo o' weepin' sadness, the dyin' an' grateful whale, lookin fr'mthe flotBam to me with a broad smile on her . lips, heaved one tremenjus deep drawn sigh,, shook with one mighty shiver an', her .sperit departin',rolled slowly over, belly up, An' ther, in the br'ilin' sun she lay, the victim o' ruthless murder on the high seas. Holdin' onto life by sheer force o' t^ill power, till she towed us to that ambergris, thus showin' her deep gratitood, she then . gin up the ghost. It were a most . affectin' moment, I tell ye, but we managed to gather in that ambergris ne'theless. Now, I want to ask ye, sir, if ye don't think that dyin' whale showed intelligence of the human order, as well as gratitood, which most humans over stocked with ? Ye do, eh ? Wai, so do I. An' now ye know my sparm whale 'speri ence, an' ar' able to cert'fy to the fack that gratitood ain't m'noperlized by humans. What's that? How do I 'count fur the whale's knowin' 'bout, that ambergris? That's an easy one, sir. Ambergris ar' a produck o' the sparm whale — it is, I guess, to that critter what bile is to the human — an' when the etuinmick ar' overloaded, it gits rid of it by purgin* or otherwise ; an' that mess were the cast out o' that very whale, prob'ly, an' not an hour 'fore she wer way laid, p'r'aps ; so why shouldn' she know jest wher to p'int up for it, eh? It are a plain case to me, an' must be to you, I think, sir. Yes, thanks. Some ol' Med 'n 'm'lasses in mine. Wai, here's to the sea an' the whales in their bliss, 'thout sawfish or thrasher, but rich ambergris. Mayne Bbayce. 