Story Column. The SpleacLid Spur, being Memoirs of the Adventures . : -Off M It. MIN-METEL, ''A servant'of his latoMajisby; j£ing Charles I. in the years 162-3 ; ' written by himself. sill 5» evt-.-ut -i kv ;w.u ' 'if yEdited in modem English by Q.| .-.Men's sift UO OJ i >." i-. . ' Vlhe' right to publish this :Btoryiris been pm> chascdjby the Telegraph Newspaper Company ' ; from .the proprietors, Messrs. Cussoll anil , , Company. : i . »„ .-.a ' ' CnAPSBB IIL —fConliiliied.y . . "Beforo I could riBO, a hand', was on my ' shoulder, and a voice speaking in my ear? " Pardon, comrade. .We are two of a trade, ' " I see:"' ' ' 1 ' It' was a fellow that had been larking at the -corner of toe lane, and bad thrust out a leg, as I passed. He was pricking up his ears now to the cries of "Thief 1 thiof!!" that had already readied the. head of the street;' and were draw ing hear. "I am a thief," said I. " Quick !" He dragged mo into the shadow of. the lane. ."Hunt, aorown in thy pooketf ' " Why ?" "Why, for a.good turn: I'll fog these gentry for thee. Many thanks, comrade," ' as I pulled out tho last few shillings of my 'pocket money. "Now pitoh thy sword oyer . the wall - here, and set thy foot oh my hand. 'Tis a rich man's garden, t'other Bide, that I ' was meaning to explore myself; hut another night will serve." "'Pis Master Carter's," said I, " and he's my kinsman." " The devil !— hut never mind, up with thee ! Now mark a pretty pieco of play. 'Tis pity thou shouldst bo across the wall and unable tosce.' . ' Ho gave a great hoist. Catching at the oop- ing of the wall, 1 pulled myself up and sat astride of it. " Good turf below — ta-ta; comrade ?" By now, the crowd was almost at tho corner. Dropping about eight feet on to good turf, as the fellow had suid, I picked myself up and listened. " Which way wont ho ?" called one, as they came near. " Down tho street' 1" ".No; nptholano!" ','Hush !" "Up the lane, I'll b9 sworn." ".-Here, bend the lantern !" &o.;, &c.; While they debated, my friend stood olose on the other side of tho wall ; but now I heard him dash suddenly out, and. up toodano for his life. "There he goes!" "Stop him!" the cries broke out afresh. . "Stop him, in the king's , name!" The whole paek went pelting by, : shouting, stumbling, swearing. _ For two minutes or more the Btragglers oon- tinued to hurry past by ones and twoB. As soon as their shouts died away, I drew froer breath and looked around. I was in a small, turfed gardou, well stocked with evergreen shrubs, at the hack of a tall house that I knew for . Master Carter's. But what puzzled mo was a window in tho first floor, very brightly lit, and certain sounds' issuing therefrom that had no correspondence with my kinsman's reputation. It was a frog leapt into a pool— . I' ol-ilL — riddle, went souso in tho middle ! Mays lie. " Tin's it better than moping in school," With a- . ;l "Tour Royal Highness, have some pity . What liideons folly ! Oh, dear, dear — " With a fii— la— tw'eedle— tweedle, ! Tiddifol— iddifol— ido ! "YourRoyal Highness, I cannot' sing too dreadful stuff ! Think of my gray hairs !" . ' Tush ! , Master . Carter — nonsense ; 'tis 'choicely.' well sung. ..Come, Brother," the chorus!!" With a fa— la! And the chorus was roared forth, with toonta of laughter and olinking of glasses. Then came an interval of: mournful. appeal, and my. kins man's voice was again liftod — Ho scattered tlie tadpoles, and set 'cm agog, Hey I uod— noddy- all head and no body ! Oil mammy ! Oh nunky . " Ob, mercy, mercy ! it mako3 me sweat for .shame," . Now, mcantimo I had been searching about . the garden, and was luoky enough to find a tool shed, and inside of this a ladder hanging, which now I carriod ucrosp and planted bonoath the window. I had a shrewd notion of what I should find at the top, remembering now to have heard that tho Prineos Rupert and Maurice were lodging with Muster Carter ; but the'.truth beat all my fano'ies. For climbing softly up and looking in, I beheld my poor kinsman perched on his obair atop of tho -table, in tho midst of glasses, deosnters, and desterts ; bis wig askew, his face ' whito, save where, between the eyes, a medlar bad hit and broken, and his glanoe shifting wildly between tho two princes, who in easy pOBtnrcB, loose and tipsy, lounged on eithor eido of him, and beat with their glasses oh tho hoard. "Bravissimo! More, Master Carter — more!" O mammy, 0 nunky, here's cousin Jack Frog, . With alii-Jtt . It, lifted my knuckles and tapped on tho , pane.;' whereon Prince Maurice starts up with ah oath,, and .coming to .the window, flings it open., . ....'.'Pardon, , your Highness," said I, and pulled myself past him into the room, as oool as yon please. It was worth while to see their surpriso. " Prinoo Mauricu ran baok to tho table for his sword. His brother .(being mors thoroughly drunk) dropped a deoanter on the floor, and lay ' back staring in tho chuir. "While, as for my kinsman, ho sat with . mouth wide and eyeB .-starting, as though I were a "very ghost, in the 'whioh embarrassment I took pocasion, to say very politely, " .Good evening, nunky !". "Who the devil is this?" gaspB Prince Bupert. ,. Why tho faot is, your Highnossos," ans wered I, stepping up ana . laying my aword on tho table, while I poured out a glass, ! ".Master Timothy Carter here is my guardian, and hns tbo small sum of £230 in his possession for. my use, of whioh I happen to-night to Stand in immediate need of. . So you see " I finished the eentcnoo by tossing off a glass. ! " Thisjs faro Btufl " I said. "Bleed and fury!" burst ,ont Prince Bnpert, fumbling for bis sword, and. then ,gaaing, drunk and helpless. . " .7. ', . . ' . ' 'tTwp hpndred pound! Thon jiokanapss. ! " began Master Carter. . . " .TV j rii let jou off with fifty, to-night," said I. " Ten thousand — - — ! " " No, SO. ' Indeed, nunky," ' I went on, "'tis very simple. - 1 was at too Crown Tavern— —" , At a; tavern j" . i : I man was killed ' ' 'Thou ' shameless puppy 1 A mair mur der ed!";' " \ ' '. \ .. hud ''the worst is .they say l'that hilled him." ' 'f Ho's ipad. The boyTa stark raving mad !" < ay kinsman; 11 Tcooiad hero in this tfm i , .j,-.,; ( Why, truly, nnnky, thou art a strangeone tatalk,nf apjjearaoeca..,.. .Oh, .doari'A <aad;I burst ipto a wild flt of laughing, .- for,. the; ;wino had warmed mo up to play top .comedy out.- " To hear thoo sing and— , Oh; nunky, that medlar ' ou toy fade to to fiinny '!""' ' '' "'i' ' ' f Tit' heaven's UBme, "stop broke in too Prince Muurioo. " Am I mad or' oply drunk? ;Bnpert, if joulovome, say I ain 'rio worse than drunk."- ' " ; ' "Dordknows," answered his broth or. : "I, , for, one, was nover this, way Before.", v,, . , , Indeed, your highnesses , be joniyadrunk;." said l, ''aiid aBlo at that to sign toe order tliit' ,1 shall ask you for.!', .. T v lj ' "An order F'' .-..i", "To pasa the oity gatoa to- night." " Oh ! stop him somebody," groanod Prinoa Knpert, " my head ia whirling." M'ith yonr leave," I explained, pburing out another glassful.. '"It -is the simplest matter, add one that a ohild could' uudorbtanil. Ton Eoe, this yo'uug man was killed, and they charged mo with It ; so' away I ran, and tho watch after me, and therefore I wish to paBa the city gates. And us I may have far to travel, and guvo my last groat to a thief for hoisting mo over Master Carter's wall " i "A thief, my, wall!" repeated Master Carter. " Oh, well is toy poor mother in her gravo!" "Why, therefore, I came for money," I wound np, sipping the wino, and nodding to all present. , , It was at this moment that, catching my eyo(> the Prinoo Manrico slapped his leg, and leaning baok, hroko into peal after peal of langhter. And inamomcntbis brother took the jest also ; and there wo three sat and shook, and roared uuquenohably round Mustor Carter, who, eturing bluntly from one to another, sat Raping, as though the last alarum were sound ing in his ears. . . i " Oh ! oh ! oh ! Hit me on tod back, Manrico ! " "Oh! oh!. . I. oannot—'tiB killing me — Master Garter, for pity's sake, look not so; but pay toe lr.d his money." , '? Your highness;— " Pay it, I say ; pay it — 'tis fairly won." "Fifty pounds." <, . " Every doit," said I. " I'm siak of school- ing.'.' ,".Be hanged if I do ! " snapped Master Carter. " Then he hanged, sir, hut ail-too tonn shall hear to-morrow of tho frcg and the pool.. No, sir; Iam.ofi to eoe. toe world— '' "Say 8 he: 'This to bettor than moping in school !' '' " Yonr highness," pleaded toe unhappy man, " if, to please yon, I sang that idiocy, whioh, for 60 years now, I had forgotten " "Excellent; thong," says Prince Rupert, waking up. "Leas havo it again ?" To be short, 10 o'clock Jwae striking from St. Mary's spire when, with a priaco on eithor side of me, and 20 guineaB in. my pooket (which wub all the Ioosd gold he had), I.walked forth from Master Carter's door. To make up the deficiency, their highnesses had in sisted on I ur niching ws with a suit rnado up from too simplest in thsir .joint wardrobes— riding boots, .breeches, buff coat, sash, pistols, oluak, and feathored hat, all of which fitted mo excellently well. By toe doors of Christ Church, before we came to the south gate, Prince Rupert, who had been stag gering in his walk, suddenly pulled up, and leant against the wall. " Why — odd's my life — we've got ahorso for him !" he cried. "Indeed, your highness," I answered, ' if my luck holdB too same, I shall find one by. toe road."' (How trne this turned oat you shall presently hear.) There was no difficulty at toe gate, where the sentry recognised the two princes and opened the wicket at once. Long after it had closed behind mo, and I stood looking baok at Oxford towers, ail bathed in the winter m.ion- ligbt, I heard the two voices roaring away up too street : — . It ivas a Ir or leapt into a pool — At length they died into silence ; and, hug ging tho king's letter in my breast, I steppad briskly forward on my travels. flO J3E CONTINUED TO-MOnitOW.l 