PRINCESS'S THEATRE DA FID GARRICIC It may be accepted as a special compliment by Mis. Brown-Potter and Mr. Kyrle Bellow that, despite tho rain and oold, there was a full house at tho Princess's Theatro on Saturdav ovehing to welcome their return. During their provious short season at this theatro the im pression created by these new aspirants for popularity amongst Australian playgoers was a most favorablo one, aud loft tho desire for a further acquaintance. Now fuocs and now plays aro always as welcome 011 tho boards, for a timo at least, as old favorites. Novelty and change is tho modern theatregoer's motto, aud oveu an old autho rity has sot his faco against the veteran lagging superfluously on tho stage. It is an- uouueed that during the present .appearance of Mrs. Potter and Mr. Bcllew, for a limited num ber ot nights, a succession of interesting and Htcrling pieces will be presented, aiid as au earnest of this promise Saturday evening's pro gramme containod two pieces— Our Bitterest Foe, and David t£arrick — both admirable speci mens of the hotter class of dramatic literature. In tho pieco to which tho most famous of England's actors has lout his liamu many of tho audienco recognised the old familiar and over charming composition which' to thoso loving to display their old almanno virtues affords amplo opportunity for recalling tho poor ghosts of a legion of doad worthies who once figured in this play. A younger genera tion cannot fail to admire tin) perennial fresh- U3ss stamped upon all good craftsmanship. Contrasted with such stuff as the modern melo drama is composed of, David Garrick deserves classification us a gem of the first order, which, however, it is not, though honestly intuiting to be sob down as a stock piece that ought to bo included in every actor's gallery of characters. It is years siuco the piece was last played here — a rault certainly nut due to tho play itself, but rather to the players, who prefer to win applause in a five act compendium of stago horrors or a three act compilation of lunacy. Mr. Bellow's representation of tho famous actor of whom not only tho wholo " town " once talked, but also halt its belles raved, was a masterly piece of noting, polished in inanuor, suggcstivo of latent i)ower> and eloquent iu passion. It had tho ring of pure metal, to some possibly only of silver, but in any case there was no mistaking tho sterling value of tho effort to givo ombodimuut to fine character. Thero is amplo scope for an nctor of parts to depict the wild conflict of honor and passion when Garrick learns that the supposedly silly maiden whom ho is pledged to ourc of her passion for u mere actor is none other than the unknown, tho one ideul face that touched him of all tho vast throng which nightly appeared beforo liim in front of the footlights. Mr. Bellow did not fail to do justice to theso phases, while at tho samo time he lifted the mask to disclose tho nobler ambition by which histrionic genius claims kinship with tho best and noblest sons of clay. His actiug in tho powerful Bccno in which Garrick seeks to disenchant his romantic inamorata by feigning a passion for thoso wild excesses which turn men into beasts was marked by judgment and power, and stamped I\lr. Bellow as no common exponent of the art. In tho last scene, however, after having fought tho duel to shield tho fair namo of tho woman whom ho honored by his love, and returning to his study finds Violet there, the actor thrusts the man too much into the back ground, and was cold, studied — statuesque, in fact— where he should havo been touchingly sym pathetic and responsive. But in general the audience lmd reason to bo satisfied with tho impersonation as a whole, marked as it was by bright intelligence. As the lovo sick, romantic Violet Gresham, there was 110 carping critic even who would say that Mrs. Brown-Potter did not suit the part to a nicety. That it has been played differently by ochor actresses goes without Baying. I11 such parts there is no original nor ideal ; it is merely a question of representing sweet girlhood, touched nnd quickened, aud lifted momentarily out of tho small commonplace world, to poop into the unfathomable depths of poetry and romance. Such an experience falls to tho lot of most women, and all that is required therefore is that the part should be made exquisitel' sympathetic, tender and yielding ; that it should bo gentle, soft of speech, yet unswerving : iu aifection ; that it should show the touching sensibility to goodness aud love emphasising the dawu of womanhood — Thoso blest days when lifo was now, And hope was /also, but lovo was true. In these particulars, Mrs. Potter's representa tion of tho sweet Violot fully answorod all demands, and well merited the warmth of admiration shown by tho audienco, who twico recalled her, as well as Mr. Bellow, at the close of each act. Some excellent acting was displayed by tho other members of the company. Mr. Musgravo was n genial embodiment of tho auriferous but dull witted alderman, with an only daughter, wondrous fair ; and Mr. Hans Phillips Beems cut out by nature for playing the typical woll mannered and well born youth, whoso brains were forgotten to be put insido his akulL The make up of tho secondary characters, who, however, wero only like so many lay figures in tho piece, was amazingly droll, aud furnished superabundant merriment. The piece was also Got out with exquisite, not to say luxurious, stage furnishings. Our Bitterest Foe, a short one act play which S receded the ono just reviewed, is supposed to 0 founded uponan incident in the terrible Franco- Prussian war, and is a very cleverly written piece of romantic dialogue by Mr. Q. O. Horbert, There are only three characters in it, a Prussian general, an officer in tho French army, and Blanche, cousin of the latter. The goneral is quartored in tho chateau owned by the French officor, and falls desperately iu lovo with Blanche, who, thougli touched by the kindness of tho grim, unyielding old warrior, does uot allow him to displace in her heart the tond imago of her cousin, who is a young, im petuous and ardent worshipper of the Na poleonic legend. After Sedan, the cousin returns, disguised as a peasant, to his chateau, lie is recognised by the general, who believes him to be a worthless, debauched wretch, and would have him shot in order to save Blanche from such a man. Beforo putting his pur- nose into effect the stem veteran olfers his lovo to Blanche, and is refused, and her cousin, who has been offered a safe con duct through tho Prussian lines and a sum of money, shows himself in a uow light to tho sur prised general by refusing both rather than ac- oopfc dishouor or yield his bride elect. Love conquers even the military despot, and tho old general, to save tho woman who lias crept into his iron heart, provides her cousin and herself with the means of flight and safety in happy England. This fine dramatic sketch was ad mirably played by Mr. E. Sass as tho geucral, Mr. H, Diver as tho French oflicor, and Miss Helen Kiunaird, who appeared as Blanche. 