A STRANGE SECRET. It was late one night that I was suaaenly summoned to attend a stranger who lay dying at a neighbouring inn. As soon as I saw the livid, haggard face I knew that there was no hope for him. Ho had a swarthy face, like an Indian, lit by dark, piercing eyes, and his forehead was painfully marked with rigid lines left by prolonged mental sufferings. I was about to administer an opiate, whf n he thrust aside my hand impatiently. ' I want you to hear my confession first," . exclaimed. " I shall detain you but .a moment." " I am a physician, not a clerg man," I answered, gently. " Nevertheless, I beg you to hear me," he persisted. " Quick I quick«there is no time to lose/' his eyes Hashing with a fitful, lurid lustre. For one in his condifion "humouring" was the beBt treatment. So, first seeing that the door wa« sccurely closcd, I sat down to wait till the delusion he was under as to the nature of my office had run its course. " I shall not trouble you with a long history," he began. "In my early life I was a soldier, and a brave one, I may add without boasting; for had-1 not vowed to win rank and fame for the sako of one of Italy's fair daughters, who had secretly pledged me her love? Such an incentive would have inspired courage even in a coward's breast; but the Caslellos were never cowards t At last I felt that I might, without blushing, present myself before Giuletta's relatives and openly claim her hand. "Impatient ot every moment's delay, I flew to lay my hard-won honours at her feet. But, alas ( what tidings awaited me ! In my absence Giuletta's family had forced her to marry a dissolute young noble who coveted her "fortune, not herself. She survived the cruelty but, a little season, for within a month she drooped and died, the victim, I doubted not, of a broken heart. I would have hurried back to the field, and sought death there, but the war was over. The Church offered another refuge from this world, now grown insupportable. I became a priest, and in time an attach^ of one of the great cathedrals. "One night I entered a confessional facing one of the outer aisles, that I might be ready to hear, as was my custom, any chance penitent who might come, as many did to disburden his conscience under cover of tho darkness. Several came and went, and when, at last, at a late hour, I was on the point of retiring, believing my work finished, a slop ajjproached and entered the compartment.on the other 6idcof the lattice. " Of course my lips are sealed against revealing what I then heard. At the close the penitent started to withdraw. A quick movement brought me to his side. Seizing his aim I tin ned hint round suddenly to face him. We stood in the aisle, in the dim light of one of the large windows. I threw back my cowl. He rccoiled, shivering as if he had seen a ghost. ' Luigi Castcllo !' he gasped. 4 Aye, Luigi Cnstello!" IJeclioed, " ' Is it your purpose to denounce me T he asked, in a voice that was tremulous with terror. • What I have hoard I have beard under the seal of my sacred office,' I replied; ' I dare not disclose it.' lie breathed more freely. • I have given yon absolution,' I continued, as my eyes, attracted by a sparkling light, fell on the jewelled hilt of a dagger at his girdle. ' I huuibly thank you, father,' he muttered. ' As far as lies within the power of the Church, you are now prepared to die,' I added. 'Heaven grant it I' ho replied. 4 Amea i' I Answered, and snatching the dagger from his belt, I sheathed it in his heart.' u i The last words were uttered almost in a shriek, and the sick stranger fell back insensible. The restoratives I administered only brought partial return of consciousness, and before the sun had set the troubled spirit was at rest. Some years later, in travelling through Italy, I was shown in one of the grand cathedrals the spot where tho body of a nobleman had been found one morning pierced through the heart with his own stiletto. "He was a very wicked man," said the old guide, "suspected by many of having poisoned his young wife, whom he married for her money." The guide remembered, too, a melancholy young priest who had disappeared shortly after, none knew whither, but it was evident the circumstance had never been associated with the nobleman's death, which was com* monly attributed to suicide. 