THE ANTARCTIC BALL. lit Ims. Tliore is inherent in many members of tho human race a certain peacocking instinot which is specially gratified by the opportunity for dis play which a costume ball affords, notwithstand ing the amount of grumbliug done by the male sex when " fancy dross " is tho word of com- mand. Tiie fact is that some of tlio lords of creation positively glory in blazing forth in all tlio bravery of some toilette of a more gaudy description than that which the exigencies of fashion prescribe as tiie fit and proper oastume for a gentleman, It has been well said that feminine vanity may he plumbed by other women, but that the depth of the quality in mnn ia unfathomable, and those who possess brothers or husbands know by experience that this is true. No matter how a man may protest when called ujion to don the "fine feathers" which are supposed to mako " Cno birds," he is in reality seoretly gratified at tho opportunity, and much oharmed witii his own appearance. Of course there aro exceptions which prove the rule; wo are merely speaking of the generality of cases. Of late years fancy bails have become very popular, but the Antarctie ball which took place in the Exhibition building on Friday niglit of last week was quite a new departuro in the way of costume balls. This past half year has witnessad in Melbourne a roso ball, a flower ball, a costume ball of tbe period 1790, and now last Friday night we had an Antarctic hall. "We had imagined that the guests would obscrvo an artistic consistence in the choice of their costumes, but the medley of toilettes was as great as at the generality of fancy balls. Tho. object of the ball in question was to raise funds for thcexpedition which is to be made next year to the Antarctic regions for the purposo of exploration, aud it was given by the promoters of the Swedish Australasian Seicntifio Exploring Expedition, who spared neither pains nor expense to ensure its success. Mr. A. C. Macdunald, F.R.G.S., proved an indefatigable secretary, performing his arduous duties in a zealous manner ; mid the ladies of the Austral Salon did what they could to promote the inte rests of the halt. Extensive preparations were made to render this gathering of the patrons of scientific enterprise as brilliant and attractive as possible, and it is gratifying to lie able to pro nounce dint tiicse offorts proved successful. The ball was held in tlio nave, of the Exhibition Building, which was decorated with flag tropliic3 ranged along tho pillars, while a dais was arranged at the upper end near the concert hall, the backgrouiidbeingaapplied by scenery painted to represent the Antarctic regions, with additions by Messrs. Holt, Grist and assistants, and generously lent by Messrs. Brought and Bouci- cnult. Icebergs were tlio leading features of the sconcry, stuffo'd seals being dispersed among thera with good effect, and two Esquimaux, at tired iu furs, moved about among tho ice, giving life to the scene. Refreshments were served at a buffet boncatb one of the galleries, and Flock's band was stationed in tlio callerv above the eastern entranco to tlio building. The fernery, whioh was illuminated witii fairy lamps, was thrown open as a promenade, and was well patronised by the dancers. Before the arrival of the vice-regal party, several round dances wore finished, and at 9 o'clock his Excellency the Governor arrived, accompanied by his sisters the Ladies Dorothea and Estella Hope, Sir "William aud Lady Clarke, Captain and Mrs. Acland Hood, Lord Rosehil), Captain Wellington nnd Mr. Ralston. A set of lancers was immediately formed, and was danced by his Excellency tire Governor and Lady Clarke, the 'Mayor of Mel bourne (Mr. Matbcw Lang) and Lady Dorotlioa Hope, Mr. Ralston and Lady Estelln Hope, Captnin Wallingtoh nnd Mrs. Acland Hood, Dr. Madden and Mrs. Elkington, Lord Itosehill and the Mayoress of Melbourne (Mrs. Long), and Mr. N. Fitzgerald and Mrs. . Fitzgibbon. The fourth number on the programme was also a sot of lancers, and this tirno the Governor chose for ids partner the Mayoress of Melbourne, Mrs. Acland noud dancing with Admiral Uegnault do Fremesnil, Lady Clarke with Dr. Madden, and Mrs. Elkington with Captain Wnllington. The programme, which contained 22 dancos, besides two extras, was prettily printed in colors with a view of the globe, show ing tbe South Foie bctwocn two crossed flags —the Union Jack and the Stars and Stripes— and a ship appearing on ' tho "scene, no doubt bearing the exploring party, while on the back was printed a list of the office bearers of the Antarctie committee. ' Many of the toilettes were in perfect taste, whether fancy or plain evening dress, and much might he said about them .whioh would lie inter? esting had we tho .time and space to devote to;d description of them. ' The most remarkable "got up" in the company was that of a tall man attired as a ghost, with his face whitened to' match 'his garb. .A great many ladies wore their bair powdered or else wliito wigs, with ordinary ' evening toilettes. - Liitly Dorothea | iiopo woro jiuro White' tullo simply festooned with wliito ribbons, her sister, Estella Hope. wearing a similar gown with palo blue- sash. Mrs. Acland Hood's cream gown liada brocade waterfall, baok and twoi! rows of gold' round the front of tho skirt, with a perfect constella tion of diamonds on tlio bodice, and necklace and hair ornaments of the same precious stones. Lady Clarke wore her flower ball dress of faint blue satin, voilcd with white tulle, dotted all over with pink roses, with heavy foot border ing of the same flowers and magnificent diamonds. Lady Sargood woro a black toilette, relieved by a cream front and diamond orna ments. Mrs. Lang was attired in grey, with long gloves of tho same color and a grey aigrette in her hair, Miss Langwearing heliotrope. Mrs. (Dr.) Madden wore an empire gown of del bluo satin with elustcrs of pale pink ostrich feathers. A very liandsomo toilette was worn by Mrs. Levien. It was of salmon pink satin, mado witii a long train, and draperies of silver spangled tulle. Mrs. Elkington wore an effeetivo trained gown of black velvet combined with palo pink brocade. Mrs. Fitzgibbon's toilette was of light green brocade and biscait face. Smoke grey satin and velvet of a darker shada were nnmhined iu the toilette worn by Mrs. Mars Buckley ; and Mrs. H. H. Haytcr wore ruby velvet and silver brocade. Mrs. Lamb Smith looked charming as La Tosca in tan colored silk robe flowing from the shoulders, with garland of pink roses nnd headdress of tlio same flowers. Mrs. (Dr.) Stewart, who represented a white witch, had ono of tlio most effective costumes prcsont. It consisted of a plainly made dicolltli gown of white satin bordered witii frills, a high poiatedbat shaped like an ex tinguisher covered with white satin and adorned with storks ; the finishing touches being lent by a closo wliito curled wig, and a broom sur mounted by a stork, which was carried in tho band. Mr. Thos. Lempriere looked tiie very personification of a Druid in hood and gown of deep indigo blue which showed up his snowy hair. Among the most effective toilettes were those of Marie Stuart (worn by a tall lady), and a university gown of pure white accompanied by a trencher of silver brocade. A proportion of the male sex appeared in knee breeches with lace ruffles, silk stockings, buckled shoes and white wigs, this style of dress being adopted by those who took part in the Don Juan minuet. In the liumblo opinion of tho feminine portion of the company these gontlcmcn looked tho best, those who wore suits of pure wliito or cricketing flannels ranking licxt. There was a small sprinkling of naval and military uniforms, which are at all times productive of admiration at sncb gatherings, it being a well known fact that the civilian portion of a company have to play second fiddlo to the manly wearers of gold lace as far as the ladies are concerned. The Antaictic ball committee are to ha congratulated on the manner in which the arrangements were carried out, and we only hope that the bail proved ns great a success financially as it did socially. 