?ss mmsi &m.; Madame Leroux. By Mhs. Teollope. Chapter XIX. A strange quietude settled down on Douro House when the pupils and teachers had departed, and even the servants had gone away for the holidays. The blinds were drawn down and the furniture was mullled up. and an old woman was installed in the lower regions as caretaker. But Madame Leroux. stayed on, nevertheless ; and Lucy staved with her. I he caretaker was a bavoyarde, whose son kept a small eating-house in the Soho district, and she had no acquaintances in the neighbourhood of Douro House. Nor, indeed, was her English sufficiently fluent to enable her to indulge in much gossip, had she been in clined for it. ' When I stay in town incog.,' Madame Leroux would say to her confidential friends, ' I take good care to have no chattering Mary Anns or Betsy Janes on the premises. English servants are all spies ; some fools ; some knaves ; and many all three ! ' On the first evening of the holidays, Madame Leroux informed Lucy that she had a private box at the theatre, and asked if she would like to accompany her to the play. Lucy gratefully accepted the offer, and ran to change her dress with some eager anticipations of pleasure. Her experiences of the drama had been confined to seeing a panto mime at S ? once or twice, when she and Mildred were children, and had been taken by Lady J ane to spend a week at Christmas in the county town. But she had never been inside a London theatre, and the play to be performed to-night was one which had greatly taken the taste of the town ; and the manager was keeping his theatre open be yond the usual season in order not to interrupt its successful run. She therefore came down stairs prepared for enjoy ment. But she was greatly taken aback to find that, instead of leaving the house bv the usual egress, they were to slip out secretly at a back door, which led to some mews, where a hired carriage was awaiting them. As Lucy hesitated a moment on being told to step out at the back door, Madame Leroux said : ' It is a warm night ; you are not afraid of walking a few yards bareheaded, are you ?' ' Oh, no,' answered Lucy, moving quickly forward. But Madame, glancing _ at her face, saw an expression there which displeased her ; and when they were seated in the carriage, she said : ' You look quite tragical, Miss Smith ! Might I inquire what is the matter ?' ' I did not mean to look tragical, ' answered Lucy, considerably embarrassed. ' Shocked then, or what ever you like to call it.' ' Only surprised.' ' Did you imagine 1 should advertise my presence in town by getting into a carriage at my own door in broad day light? There are neigh bours! I have told every one that I was going abroad.' ' Have you?' said Lucy, looking up at her inno cently ? ' Yes ; and you will please remember that, for every one connected with the school, I am abroad ; and you are stay ing with some friends. I don't know that any ques tions will be asked ; but if any should be, you will know what to say. Do you under stand me?' added Madame, impatiently. 'You look as if you were dreaming.' ' Yes, I understand, answered Lucy, in a low voice. ' And, moreover, whatever amusements I allow you to share in with me during the vacation, you will enjoy on condition that you hold your tongue about them. I should not venture on appearing at .he theatre to-nigntonly that hardly any of my clientele are in town now ; and most of them would swear they were not, anyway. Philis tines, prigs, and puritans are bores ; but, unfortunately, they are my beBt-paying customers ! I'm sure you are intelligent enough to perceive that a certain amount of tact and discretion is necessary in dealing with people of that sort, hein ?' Then, as Lucy did not answer, but merely bent her head submissively, Madame continued, in a much harder tone. ' At all events, if vou do not perceive it, Mrs. Hawkins has given me a wrong impression of you altogether.' Lucy's rising spirits were effectually checked, and she remained pale and silent for the rest of the evening. Madame Leroux, on the contrary, threw off the litile cloud of annoyance in a very few minutes. She held a sort cf levee in the private box, where she sat so as to be almost hidden from the audience. Several men lounged in and out, in a free-and-easy sort of fashion, and stood talking to her between the acts. Most of them were foreigners. One of them looked at Lucy curiously ; but no one was introduced to her, and no one addressed her. She was conscious, however, in more than one instance, that they were speaking of her — questioning Madame Leroux abont her. There was one stout, dark, oily -faced man, with hnge diamond studs— or whatllocked like diamonds— in his shirt front, whose observation was particularly disagreeable to her. And altogether she felt thoroughly ill at ease. All at once she recognised a voice behind her, and turned round, almost eagerly, to salute Mr. Frampton . Fennell, who had entered the box, and was giving Madams Leroux and the others the advantage of his criticism on the play. ' Oh ! — a — Miea^—a ' ? ' Smith.' ' Exactly ! How d'ye do, Miss Smith ? I was just saying that when you find a production like this run ning to crowded audienceB for more than 500 consecu tive nightB, you have a pretty fair plummet to sound the depth of degradation to which the drama— in common* With literature generally, and the fine arts has fallen in England.' lit. Fennell expressed no surprise at seeing Lucy there. He had an agreeable, though vague, recollection of Miss Smith as a good listener: and if a young woman satisfactorily fulfilled that important function of her being, all details as to who and what she w as and where she came from, became superfluous and uninteresting. For her part, Lucy felt more satisfaction at behold ing Mr. Frampton Fennell than she would have be- I lieved possible a very short time ago. He was super- ; cilious, he was vain, he was censorious, he was— the inexperienced country-bred young lady presumed to i think — ridiculous. But he was a sort of link with some people who knew her. And in his manner of looking at and speaking to her, there was no trace of the dis respect subtly conveyed by the looks and manner of some of Madame Leroux's visitors. It was disrespect of a kind to which Lucy had never been exposed in her life, but which she instantly recognised with a burn ing feelintr of shame and indignation. On such points the instincts of the most inexperienced purity are very sensitive, and the innocence which is insensible to a taint in the moral atmosphere is likely to be but skin deep. It was well, perhaps, that Mr. I'enneli's peculiar form of vanity did not include any exaggerated estimate of his personal attractions; for Lucy's satisfaction at beholding his scrubby little red moustache, disdainful nose, and insecure eyeglass, was ingenuously expressed in her countenance. Presently it appeared that a discussion was going on between Madame Leroux and a group of the men as to a supper to be eaten at the restaurant after the play. ' Oh, you must come,' said the dark, oily-faccd man, speaking in French. ' It's all arranged. And your Lucy's introduction to Mr, Rushmere. — Chapter XIX little friend will come too,' he added, with a familiar nod in the 'little friend's' direction. Lucy shrank back from the speaker, and, drawing herself as near as possible to Madame Leroux, said hnrriedly, ' No ! Please, no ! I will return home. Let me go home.' Madame looked thoroughly annoyed. ''What is the matter with yon?' she said sharply. Then, almost in a whisper, ' You are making yourself absurd by these timagrees.' ' I — I don't think it would be fitting for me. I can not go to supper with all these strangers. Pray let me go home ! ' returned Lucy, in considerable agitation. ' Y ou will go where 1 go, mademoiselle, unless you intend to walk to Kensington alone at midnight. 'Upon my word ! * Not fitting Jor yon ! ' Trust an ingennons jeune meess to scent out impropriety, where persons who know the world perceive none ! ' Madame spoke in a low tone, between her set teeth, and her ej es sparkled with anger. Lucy felt the tannt as only a delicate-minded girl could feel it, to whom the accusation of mock-modesly was about as offensive a one as could be made. She was helpless to resist her employer's will. It was clearly impossible for her to reach Douro House alone. She had not even money in her pocket to pay for a con veyance, supposing she were permitted to take one. She called all her dignity to her aid, and made no farther appeal ; but her heart was very hot within her. It was some comfort to her to find that Mr. Feunell was to be of the party ; for, although she was scarcely con scious of it, she instinctively relied moTe on his protec tion tban on that of Madame Leroux. When the play was over, Madame draped herself in her rich opera-cloak, muffled her head in a very becom ing lace scarf, and left the box on Mr. Fennell's arm, leaving Lucy to come after as best she might. Ner vously fearful lest the obnoxious oily-faced man should attempt to escort her, the girl wrapped her arms tightly in her cloak, and followed them. In her trepidation she pressed so closely on Madame as to tread on the hem of her dress, thereby earning an impatient frowD, bestowed over Madame's shoulder, and the very audible excla mation, ' l)xtu ! Quelle est bote! Cat insupport able'.' As tbey stood in the midst of a little group of men in the entrance of the theatre, awaiting the carriage which had brought them there, the occupants of other parts of the theatre kept crowding out and streaming past them. Lucy uttered an exclamation on seeiDg the dark, mobile face of Zephany, looking as strange and exotic amid the British pin siognomies around him as a palm-tree might look in an oak-wood. He turned sharply on hearing her voice, and ap proached her. ' You here, mademoiselle ! ' he said, sbakiDg hands with her. Then he saluted Madame Leroux with a deep bow, and a blight, half- jesting smile, saying, ' I see, niadame, you have brought our young friend to enjoy the comedy. That was kind.' ' And stupid, like a great many other kind things.' she answered, drily. 'It is a mistake to have brought her.' Zepbany drew nearer, and evidently asked some questions, to which madamc volubly replied ; but their words did not reach Lucy's ears. She saw Zepbany glance, with his peculiar quickness and keenness of eye, at the men standing near him. Then he advanced to where she stood, took her hand, and placed it firmly under his arm. ' You are tired, mademoiselle, and would prefer to go home at once. I shall put you into a cab ; and, if you will allow me, I shall have the honour of seeing you safe home.' ' Oh. thank you ! ' began Lucy, eagerly. But then remembering her penniless condition, she hesitated, stud said, ' But I don't -know if — I'm afraid ' Zephany cut her short without ceremony. ' I have arranged it all with Madame Leroux,' he said. ' Come along. If yeu do not fear to walk a few steps, we shall find a cab at the corner of the next street.' She obeyed him unhesitatingly. As they left the pcrtico of the 'theatre, she caught sight of Madame Leroux getting into her brougham, accompanied by Frampton Fennell ; while the oily-faced man. stood on the kerbstone, and called out, ' I say Fennell ! I'm going to hail a hansom, and shall probably be there as soon as you. But if you arrive first, the supper is ordered in my name. The waiter knows all about it.' Lucy felt herself to be trembling, and unnerved, now that the strain was over. Bnt Zephanv, as they walked along, kept talking to her in an easy, indifferent, com mon-place tone, in order to give her time to recover herself. ' I did not see you in the theatre,' he said. ' I think I must have been sitting above your box. Yours was on the lowest tier, eh ? Yes ; that muBt have been it. I was with an interesting sort of man, too. A man who has been away from England nearly 20 years I think, in all sorts of out-of-the-way places. He brought me a letter from a relative of mine iu Gibraltar. A very pleasant, bright fellow is Rushmere. Oh, here is one. Four- wheeler ! Allow me, mademoiselle ; with your permission 1 will light my cigar on the box.' Atd after placing her in the vehicle, he clambered up to the seat betide the driver, leaving her to occupy the interior alone, — an act of thoughtful delicacy which Lucy felt to be not the least of her obligations to him. All difficulties were not quite at an end when they reached Douro House ; for old Jeanne paid no heed to repeated peals at the bell. However, she finally stumbled up the kitchen-stairs, muffled in a mangy - looking old shawl, and with a coloured cotton handker chief knotted round her head, and grumblinglv withdrew the bolts. ' Where was niadaine':' she inquired. ' Madame had her key. Why did. people come home at that hour without a key ?' But in a minute or two, having lighted Lucy's candle at the flaring one she carried in her hand, she plunged down to the kitchen again, and left the young lady to fasten the door as she could. Zepbany tooa leave of Lucy on the threshold, having ascertained that she was able to replace the bolt, which moved easily. ' I don't know how to thank you,' she saiJ, holding out her hand to him. 'To thank me! For what? That is nonsense. Good night, mademoiselle. I shall tell Fatiuiu to come and pay you a visit. You are lonely. You will like to see Faiirua. Say not another word of thanks. It is nonsense. Good night, good night ! ' After that night a new and singular .kind of existence began for Lucy. Hour after hour she passed absolutely alooe, old Jeanne in the Kitchen beiDg ihe only other denizen of the house. Some times she would not see Madame Leroux the whole day long. Madame would have a cup of coffee carried up to her room by Jeanne at 10 cr 11 o'clock in the morning ; after which she would go out, and return no more until long alter Lucy was in bed. Sometimes Lucy would fancy that she heard voices in the house lan at niglit ; and once she was so nervous and uneasy that Ehe stole out of her little chamber and listened on the staircase. On that occasion she was sure that she heard Madame Leroux speakiDg, and more than .one voice replying to her. That reassured her, at all events, as to the dread of robbers, which bad haunted her mind as she lay wakeful in the deserted' Louie, bur glars not being in tbe habit of holding animated conver sations with the owners of the dwellings which they visit professionally. But it was all very strange and dis quieting. Moreover, her intercourse with Madame Leroux btcamc painful to her. Madame was not harsh or sullen in man ner; but she treated Lucy with a disdainful kind of carelessness — tossing her aside, so to say, as one might, do with a fruit whose flavour bad been found disappoint ing. She made no allusion to the evening at the theatre, nor did 6he ever again invite the girl to accompany her abroad. For days Lucy did not cross the threshold of the school. IShe was at liberty to do so — being, indeed, left altogether lo her own devices : but she was timid of venturing out alone. After a time, how ever, the monotony and soli tude of her life, and the longing for fresh air, became so unendurable that she took courage to walk as far as Kensington Gardens, which were at no great distance from Douro House. She kept near to the groups of nursemaids and children who were plentifully scattered about there, anil would sit watching the little ones and listening to their prattle witli a strange feeliDg, as though she were a ghost revisiting a world in which she hud no longer any part. At first she was fearful of encountering some of Ma dame's friends, and more than once she started up from the bench where she was sitting, nnd walked away hurriedly, under the impression that she saw the stout, i By-faced man approaching, he being of a. type and style commonly enough met with in Loudon. But it always proved to be a false alarm. And, thanks, perhaps, to her precaution of p acing herself near to family groups so as to seem as if she belonged to one or other of' them, she was never ac costed or molested in any way. She.might almost, in deed, have' been an invisible spirit, for all the heed that was taken of her. One afternoon, however, as she was listlessly stroll ing homeward in the woke of a family procession, she met Zephany. He was accompanied by a tall, spare man, little past middle life, who limped slightly in his gait, but who, nevertheless, had something unmis takably soldierly in his bearing, and whom Zepbany presented to her as Mr. Rushmere. Lucy looked at him with quick interest, for she re membered that Rushmere was the name of the man whom Miss Feltham had mentioned w hen talking of Lady Charlotte Gaunt's younger days. The face she saw attracted her at once. It was not a distinctly hand some face ; but there 'was a mixture of strength and gentleness in its expression, and a frank sincerity in the dark, hazel eyes, which invited contidenc. His hair was grizzled, bnt very abundant and naturally wavy. He was sunburnt and weatherbeaten, and looked, Lucy thought, like a man who had known hardship. She wondered, during the second in which he was raising his hat to her, whether this could really be the same man whom Miss Feltham bad spoken of. It seemed very difficult to her 18-year-old imagination to picture him and Lady Charlotte as lovers. But she de cided in her own mind that it was well he had not married her ladyship, who, Lucy felt sure, Would not have made him happy ! Mr. Rushmere, all unconscious of the young lady's approval of his destiny in this respect, walked on quietly 1 beside Zephany, while Lucy questioned the latter about the Hawkinses, and asked why Fatima had never come to see her. ' Oh, Mademoiselle, you know the mimge. Fatima is not always at liberty to do as she would. And then, toe whole family is so sure that whatever they desire will infallibly happen the day after to-morrow that if scarcely seems worth while for any of them to make any particular effort to- day ! But why should you not come and see Fatima ? You could get leave, I presume ?' ' I think I might go wherever I pleased ; nobody would care,' answered Lucy, with more despondency than bitterness. ' It is settled then. Fatima and I will come over by the underground railway, and fetch you. I am busy just now, so it must be Sunday. On Sunday afternoon, at 3 o'clock, expect us,' said Zephany, with his usual prompt decision. Then he offered to accompany Lucy to the door of Douro House. But she assured him that she had no fear of walking tbat short distance alone ; and tripped away, cheered bv the sight of a friendly face, and even by the prospect of a visit to that dingy house in Great Portland-afreet, which had seemed so dreary to her a few short weeks ago. ' That's an interesting-looking girl,' said Mr. Rush mere, as the two men proceeded on tbeir way across Kensington Gardens together. Upon which, Zephany broke into a warm euloginm of Miss Lucy Smith, and expressed a good deal of sympathy for her forlorn position. ' She is a very sweet young creature,' he said ; ' I wish she were in better hands.' '? How's that?' Then Zephany related what little he knew of Lucy's history, including the adventure at the theatre, and gave a vivid sketch of Madame Leroux, in which he certainly ' set down naught in malice,' and rendered full justice to Madame's beauty, accomplishments, and esprit. ' fl'in! All the same, your friend seems rather to have mistaken her vocation,' observed Rushmere, drily. ' What on earth could have induced such a woman to set up as a schoolmistress ?' CHAPTER XX. Before the next Sunday Lncy received an unexpected letter. It was dated from Kavenshaw, in Cumberland, and ran as follows : — ' Beau Miss Lucy Smith, — ' I hope you will forgive the liberty 1 take in writing to you, but when I had the honour ' (happiness had been written tirst, but scratched out, and honour sub stituted) ' of seeing yon at Westfield, you seemed to be interested in the house called Libburn Farm, which you mentioned was your birthplace. I don't know whether you call to mind a conversation 1 had with you at old Mr. Jackson's, and another at Dr. Goodchild's, the afternoon before you went away. But, at anyrate, I thought you might be pleased to hear what 1 could tell you about it, as it is a place where few strangers come, and you wouldn't be likely to have many chances of hearing it. ' Being at home for three weeks, I took the opportu nity of strolling over to' the place. I used to fish in the burn there when I was a boy ; but I can't say I ever caught much, though there is good trout-fishing three mileis lower down, where the stream makes a bit of a fall, with some rocks, and one or two deep, still pools. But of course you can't care for all that. Tue house is stone-built, and roomy enough. It has a thatched roof, and a little flower-gaiden running right down to the stream, and being in a hollow it is pretty well sheltered from the wind. The people who had the place when yon were born are gone. The old man died five years ago, but his widow is living, and has removed over to Carlisle, where she has a daughter. Libburn l-'arm is in the occupation of a man who knows nothing about Mrs. Smith. ' But my mother minds seeing her. She didn't like folks to stare at her (Mrs. Smith, 1 mean), being in deep trouble; and she always wore a thick black veil when she went out, though she might have walked miles on the fell side without meeting any living thing but the sheep. But my mother saw her twice in Mrs. Ellergarth's parlour. She was a very handsome lady, and had a way with her as if she had been used to everything much better than she found at Libburn Farm ; though old Mrs. Ellergarth. was a very decent body, and used to have families out from Carlisle to board and lodee in the summer time. But when Mrs. Smith was there it was well on in the autumn— fine, clear weather, but the cold was rather sharp, and came early. My mother ininds it all very well. ' For a long time she kept between the leaves of a book a bit out of a newspaper describing the shipwreck where Mr. Josiuh Smith, tecond in command on board the Siren, a large trading vessel bound for Australia from the port of London, lost his life, with nearly all hands. Mrs. Smith gave the paper to Mrs. EllergaTth to read all about her late husband, and Mrs. Ellergarth cut the piece out and gave it to my mother. I am sorry to say it has got lost in course of time, otherwise I would have forwarded it. But my mother is clear about the name of the ship and Mr. Josiah Smith. ' If ever you found yourself in the neighbourhood, mother and father would be proud to see you at Ilaven sbaw. J hope you will excuse me for troubling you with this long letter. 1 tried twice to make it shorter, but then I found I left out the chief things I wanted to say ; so send off this as it is, though very unworthy your perusal. I thought perhaps you might like to have a blossom or two out of the garden, so I picked this forget-me-not down by the burn. '* Believe me to remain, ' Dear Miss Lucy Smith, ' Yours respectfully, 'Edgar Tomline, Jun. ' P.S.— Mother remembers Mr. and Mrs. Marston coming to Libburn Farm when you were but a baby, and Mrs. Marston taking to jou so wonderfully, which doesn't surprise me at all, for 1 don't see how she could he p it.— E. T.' This letter moved Lucy greatly, and gave shape to many indefinite longings and speculations over which she had been brooding in her solitude. The thought of her mother had been haunting her persistently of late. Sometimes the fancy would strike her as she walked aloug the street, or watched, the people moving to and fro in Kensington Gardens, that this or tbat woman who passed her by as the merest stranger might be the mother who hud given her life ; and she would turn cold and faint with emotion. In former days Lucy had almost persuaded herself that her mother must be dead, or she would surely have made some sign in all these years. She would surely have yearned for a sight of her child, and for ocular assurance of its well-being. But of late her miud had buBied itself with suggesting excuses and explanations for her mother's long neglect. Who could tell what motives might have guided her ? — what necessities might have constrained her ? In her loneli ness Lucy clung more and more to the belief that her mother was living, and that she might one day be restored to her. She would sit dreaming of such a meeting, and making pictures in her mind, as rose coloured as the ending to a child's fairy tale : *( And so they all lived happy ever after.' But now this letter served to give more definiteness to her dreams, and even to suggest some possibilites of endeavouring to trace her mother; although these were very vague as yet, like shapes flitting dimly through the twilight. Among the other theories which she had imagined to account for her mother's absolute silence and neglect was the supposition that she might be ignorant of the name of the place to which Mr. Mars ton removed when he gave up his business in Carlisle, and so might not know where to seek her child. She kissed the faded forget-me-nots gathered at her birthplace, and thought with yearning pity and tender ness of the sorrow-stricken young widow awaiting the birth of her child under such desolate circumstances. And then, after all these thoughts, she thought a little of Mr. Edgar Tomline, and remarked to her self that it was really very kind of him to have taken all this trouble, and that she had evidently been right in judging him to have a good heart under his rough txterior. Poor Edgar! He had been tossed by conflicting feelings in composing that letter. He had feared, now tbat it was too warm, and now tbat it was too cold. At one time he though his copiousness would weary Lucy, and at another he was convinced she would find his account of Libburn sadly bald and wanting in details. But what troubled him most was the postscript. He had said that Mrs. Marston's partiality for Lucy did not surprise him at ell, and that he didn't see how she could help it. These seemed, on looking back, to be audaciously bold words. He imagined Lucy's reading them thus or thus, and their making this or that im pression on her. But he uever imagined their making absolutely no impi ession at all, which was the cruel fact 1 But at any rate he was, before long, sent into a state of tumultuous joy and excitement by the receipt of a reply to his epistle in Lucy's handwriting. He carried it out on to the fell to read, miles away from any human habitation. The sky was blue ; the sun was* bright; a lark was thrilling and soaring over head. He cast himself down on the turf, and leaning his elbow on a grassy hillock prepared to read. But just as his fingers— great, strong fingers, but deft, too, with trained neatness and dexterity of movement — were aoout to open the envelope, he stopped in a nervous tremor. Suppose she should be angry — offended. But there was certainly no anger in the lines which met his eyes — nothing but gratitude, and thanks, and, best of all, a request that he would do her a service ! Would he, if it were not asking too much, be so very kind as to see Mrs. Ellergarth the next time he happened to be in Carlisle? Lucy wished to know where Mrs. Smith had gone to op her first leaving Lib burn Farm after her little daughters' birth, and to what address Mrs. Ellergarth was in the habit of writing in her subsequent communications; and, in short, any particulars about her mother, however trifling. 'I do not know what the distance may be,' wrote Lucy, 'but I suppose it likely tbat you occasionally visit Carlisle ? If I am wrong, pray excuse me. 1 will ask you, in any case, to let me bave Mrs. Ellergarth's address, as I wish to communicate with her direct. But my communications would, no doubt, be better received if you could be so very good as to pave the way for tbem by* a little explanation as to who 1 am, and by recalling to Mrs. Ellergarth circumstances and people that she may not remember after all these years with your mother's clearness of mind. Pray give my hearty thanks to Mrs. Tomline for her interesting contribution to the contents of your letter. I am so glad to have the forget-me-nots. It was a most kind thought to send them.' Edgar Tomline's letter had broken up the dreary stagnation of Lucy's life; and although to the eye of cool reason there might not appear to be anything in it on which to ground bright or hopeful anticipations, yet it had undoubtedly cheered her. Zephany was struck by the change in her face when he appeared, true to his appointment, on the following Sunday; and Fatima, embracing her friend, ex claimed— ' Why, you don't look so very dreadful.' ' I am glad of that,' answered Lucy, laughing; ' one must not repine at looking only rather dreadful !' ' No ; but I mean — Zephany said you were so pale, and— and — well, you are pale, now that little flush has faded. It's London, I suppose. Perhaps you want a tonic?' The sight of friends is the best of tonics; but you have not been in any hurry to give it me. I thought you had forgottea all about me, tatima !' Fatima began eagerly protesting that she had been meaning and hoping to pay a visit to Douro House daily for weeks past, when Zephany cut short her voluble explanation by saying, curtly — 'There, there, enough. Miss Smith understands all about it. She knows tbat to-morrow is the day when the Hawkins family perform all their social duties — and most of the others. If one can only have patience to wait until to-morrow, one will find them the most energetic, punctual, accurate people tu the world. Ea ! Famos As they walked towards the station of the under ground railway, whence they were to si art for Great Portland-street, Lncy asked Zephany if he had seen his friend, Mr. Rushmere. since their meeting in Ken sington Guldens, adding, ' I liked his face.' ? 'It was mutual,' answered Zephany. 'He liked ' yours.' \- ' Was his lameness caused by a wound got in battle? j He roust surely have been in the army !' 1 ' You are right ; he was in the array ; but his lame- I ness is the result of an accident, which cut short Kis career. He has told me all about himself. That is to say, he has told me a good deal. No man can tell another all about himself. His family were in trade. He was an only son, and his father lost what money he had soon after Rushmere got his commission; but there was a rich uncle who promised to make the young man his heir. With his uncle he quarrelled a outrance (1 fancy it was about some love story: but I know nothing of that], and the rich man disinherited him like an uncle at the Comedie Fran^aise- Rush mere led a wild unsettled sort of life in India. He was in the service of some native prince at one time ; and then he wandered half over the globe seeking his for tune. But all the while his fortune had stayed quietly at home in Britain, and there he found her when he came back. Less than two years ago he saw an adver tisement concerning himself in an English newspaper. He was at that time on a small tea plantation in Ceylon, in which he had embarked, in company with a few other men, all the modest sum he' was worth in the world. The ricb uncle had relented at last, and be queathed him a very handsome independence. He was obliged to come to England on business connected with this inberitance. But he is veiy undecided whether he will remain in this country or not : he has no relations living, and one's crop of Iriends is apt to grow very thin after nearly twenty years' absence. To be sure, he won't have any difficulty in making new ones now. The rich uncle has provided for that 5 ' All this confirmed Lncy in the persuasion that the lame, sunburnt man, whom she had met in Kensington Gardens, was the same Ralph Rushmere who had figured in Miss Feltham's reminiscences. But she resolved to say nothing about this to the Hawkins's. Miss Feltham had spoken confidentially. Moreover, Mr. Rushmere had not, apparently, alluded to his acquaintance with Lord Grimstock's* family in talking to Zepheny ; and, since he had been silent about it, Lucy would be so too. She was received by Mr. Hawkins with cordiality and by Mm. Hawkins with her habitual sweet and cool serenity ; and by both, exactly as it they had parted from her yesterday. The house, she thought, looked a few shades dingier than her recollection had represented it; but, otherwise, all was unchanged. Fatima's room (from which the little bed she had occupied had not been removed) wore its old peculiar aspect of the greatest possible amount of untidiness compatible with perfect cleanliness. Fatima manifested,- in her person and her dress, an almost feline daintiness, and aversion from soli or stain.. But this quality was more like the instinct of some desert creature than the systematic neatness of a civilised young lady ! If Fatima could but have fresh air and fresh water, it troubled her very little to be surrounded by disorder. ' Now tell me,' she began, when she and t.ucy were alone together, 'how do you get on? How does Madame treat you? Zephany said he thought you were very lonely. It's a shame to leave you like that . Not but what I should prefer her room to her company.' As a matter of fact, Lucy was disposed to agree with this preference. But she was averse from launching forth into blame of Madame Leroux, or even from dis cussing her at all with Fatima. She therefore changed Ihe subject to one which she felt she had a right to speak fully and freely; and as to which it was a relief to pour out some part of what was in her heart. She briefly narrated all that she knew of her birth and early life ; and then told Fatima of Edgar Tom line's letter, Jand of her hope that she might some day discover her mother. Fatima listened with sympathetic interest; but she did not encourage Lncy in the idea that her mother was still alive. Indeed, she privately suspected tbat, if she were alive, a mother who could utterly neglect her child, and make no sign during so many years, would be very little worth finding. Lucy, however, clung to her more sanguine view. Why should her mother be dead ? She would still be in the prime of life. And so many circumstances might conceivably have prevented her from claiming her child after the death of its adopted parents. ' Perhaps — indeed, almost certainly— she was poor,' said Lucy, eagerly. ' The more she loved me, the less she might be willing to make me Bhare her poverty. I can fancy now, better than I could before, what a hard life she may have had if. as Mr. Shard always supposed, she had to get her living as a teacher— I mean how impossible it may have been for her to keep up anything of a home for me and herself. Do you know, I bave an idea sometimes that she may have emigrated to some colony ? My father, perhaps, had connections or friends in Australia; his ship traded there.' ' I tell you what, Lucy,' exclaimed Fatima, at length, ' if Mr. Rushmere should come in this evening, as he often does now on a Sunday, aBk him if he ever chanced to meet wi h, or hear of. your father or mother. He has been all over the world.' ' ' And has probably met with more than one Mr. and Mrs. Smith in the course of his travels,' replied Lucy, shaking her bead and smiling gravely. ' Well, it will be no harm to ask. And it is possible, you know. Everything is possible.' (7b be continued.) 