INDEPtHDENT CHURCH. The Rev. E. Isaac, recently from Bournemouth, England, who jjT accepted the pastorate of the Independent Church was welcomed and inducted iDt0 his new charge last evening. Thsfim portion of the proceedings conisted in. tea- meeting held at Mechanics' where the new pastor was afforded an opportunity of becoming acquainted with those of hj, congregation whom he had not previously met. About 200 persons attended anJ partook of tea admirably catered bv Mr W. Murray of High street. The table, were presided over by the foilowjm, ladies :—Mrs Barrett and Mrs Brocket Mrs H. Gardiner and Mrs S. Thomson' the Misses Hoyle, Mrs Hamilton and Miss Giles, Mrs Spaven and Mrs Bromley Mrs T. Crewther and Mrs Cockburo MiBS Baldwin and Miss Bepg, BriBter, Mrs T. Hoyle and' Mrs Womersley, Mrs Yule and Miss Mur raj Subsequently a public meeting w^j held at the church under the presidency of the Rev. G. J. Richmond. The organ pulpit, and platform were very tastefully decorated with flowers and foliage—the work of the young ladies of the congrega. tion. There was a good attendance, eluding a fair representation of the other Protestant congregations. The Chairman remarked that the meeting was not a formal one, and tfc6 induction was not a ministerial function but one in which the members and adherents of the church might join Scripture gave the injunction " Rejoice alwayB." That was not always easy to do, but he thought it would not bo difficult on this occasion. The Doxology was then sung after which the Rev. J. J. Halley offered prayer, invoking a blessing on the ministry of the new pastor, and expressing thankfulness for the measure of success which had attended the church's labors in the past. The hymn "Ye servants of Godyonr Master proclaim " was then sung. The Chairman expressed gratification at so excellent an attendance notwithstanding the weather and the prevailing influenza, which kept away some who gladly would have been present. They were there to recognise the Rev. Mr Isaac as the pastor of the church. Speaking for the church and congregation he (the chairman) might say they had good reason to congratulate themselves as a church upon the settlement which had been accomplished in the good providence of God. They had secured a man in the early vigor of manhood, and who was not guilty of the unpardonable sin of growing old. But though a young man Mr Isaac had had considerable experiencein addition to the qualifications of literary training and culture he had a very considerable knowledge of men and things outside the professional arena. Be had been an earnest evangelist up and down all over England, and had had a happy and settled pastorate for over three years in the south of England. Taking all things together this connection he believed with indulgence in confidence and trustfulness in their pastor would develope as years rolled on into strong and enduring relationship. (ApplauEe). Be (the chairman) would not be accused of egotism when he said that Mr Isaac was tn he congratulated npon being called tn tlie pastorate of the Kyneton church. There were a good many things about the church regarding which Mr Isaac might be congratulated. There was no debt upon the building ; there waB a fairly good Sunday school; and there was £800 in hand towards erecting a building for the Sunday school, and he hoped that under the stimulus of the ne7 settlement they would soon have the building to utilise. There was a tolerably numtrous church membership, and among them a considerable number who would sympathise in all endeavors to promote church welfare, and who would often aud earnestly remember their pastor at the throne of gracc, and who would do all they could to strengthen his hands, to cheer his heart, and further the great work to which he had devoted his life. There were a large number of young men and women who were not so closely identified with the church as could be desired, and his fondest hope was that some young intelligences and warm hearts would be won for the best of all services In addition there were connected with the church a considerable number of faithful Christian ladies ready to put their handB to any good work to which their minister might call them, and who would not readily look back. There were not many vigorous institutions connected with the church, but perhaps Mr Isaac was to be congratulated upon that, as he could form his own plans and carry out his own designs. About a dozen bad tried to keep the flame of devotion alive on the church altar at the weekly prayer meeting. He hoped that number was not a thermometer indicating the spiritual life of the church, bet trnsted that the prayer meeting would be quickened and improved. Finally, Mr Isaac was to be congratulated that they should have with tbem the presence and blessing of the Master who had promised to be with his faithful servants unto the end of the sees. By resolution of the deacons and board of management, on their behalf and in their name, he gave the Rev. Mr Isaac a hearty welcome and assurance of promisee of support. There was one good point in connection with this church—they kept their pastor from temporal worry, and he never knew a minister who had had firs minutes' anxiety about his salary. Amidst loud applause the chairman then extended to the Rev. Mr Isaac tho right hand of fellowship. Apologies for the absence of the Chairman of the Congregational Union, and Dr Bevan, who were absent by reason of prior engagements, were made by the chairman^ who, on behalf of the church, expressed fateful thnnks to the Rev. Mr Halley tor the great interest he had taken in the chnrch during the twelve months thoyh&d; been without a minister, and for sending acceptable supplies. The Rev J. J. Halley. secretary to th« Congregational Union, acknowledged the chairman's expression of thanks. As the church felt endebted to him in his official capacity he asked that more interest should be taken in the Congregational Union, and thet that increased interest should be s'-own when the time came to ask for contributions to mission work. He believed Mr Isaac had •* the making of a good minister," nnd was the kind of pastor who would suit. here. Mr Isaac came to the chnrch with the full confidence of his brethren, and with the fullest credentials, and the church might tale him to its heart in confidence and joy- As the representative of the Congregational Union of Victoria he welcomed Mr Isaac as a good man and true. Extending the right hand of fellowship to Mr Isaac be expressed for him hopes for a long, happy, and prosperous pastorate. After referring to the characteristics of » good minister, he urged the congregation to leave their pastor to work on the liflW for which he was best adapted ; to help him ; to take care of his temporal affairs ; and to endeavor to bring the Sunday school scheme to fruition. r Raldwin sang " He Bhall feed His ° Professor Gosman waB glad to The Rev .. — K t n on an occaw a s buKed it would not _ (iw 01 . t' m.nv Tears. He was SprS/made onhim by glad tne nr. t- and joined in good Irishes for that genUe- "" Ind for the church. Professor jC.au then addressed the congregafon ! The Congregational ministry, and TLntsand Lcumstances of the age ^te?de"ribing the Congregational •n;«tor as possessing strong personality m'dSice of pareonic bearing Pro- Lir C^man went on to say that he t „li be acquainted with what the ' j r d eo that he may be able to nee them ; he should understand the I" ia andpolitical questions of the age S he able readily to apply the gospel ' l and should bring the scientific C°;ri/ of the age to bear upon the study TrtlBible so that he might present 1th in i£ newest form. He had no £nbt Mr Isaac would be able to enter fnto the essence of what he (Professor GThehymrf "CHToly Ghost, thou fonut " having been sung. Professor of life-". Gosman 1 invoked the Divine bleBsing upon łhs ministry of the new pastor. The hymn "We bid thee Welcome" was '°Th'e Bev. Mr Liases was received with anplBUse on . rising to address the eetine With all his heart he thanked B congregation for their warm, cordial, nd hearty welcome. At the outset he esirod to correct some errors whioh had sen made in reference to himself. He d been engaged in definite pastoral An error had been ork su" ade in 16 regard to his age, and for the nefit of the ladies he desired to Bay tat he was 33 years of age, and had not ached middle age. But he was married a the proud father of two children, a waa willing to work in the smallest irob, bat counted it a high privilege to ,rt in the Kvneton church, because of 5 noble list of past ors whom he followed Carrie, Bryant, Spaven, Morrison, iohmond, and Hutcheson. It was a sat honor that had been conferred upon n—to permit him to followsuch anoble accession. Might God grant that there mid be no break in the good work. He J come to work and had a hobby—he "ntod to win men for Christ. The hurch with its services and organisations listed for the grand purpose of continu- , Christ's work on earth—to go on with „e mission ChriBt had inaugurated. He as proud of Congregationalism and its otare, but that was a secondary matter to he other. He agreed with Mr Hutcheson lat the church was not so much a school j a plaoe from which inspiration and elp might be received, and if what he reached did the congregation good, his roistrv would not be i-> vain. After •ing an interest in the caurcVs prayers o that his work might ba effective, he ent on to say that he cimo here not only 5 a minister but as a citi-3n, and wanted discharge all that devolved upon im in that capacity. Bat he would meddle with politics. He knew othing about colonial politics, and "e people here wauled nothing to do th ho-ne politics. He would do what s coold to further the int erest of working He knew himself *hat it was to be working man—to sten out into the o w in the early morning and handle e cold iron. He was glad to see the c:!mological School—it. made his heart rob with pleasure—an 1 was ready to p—to speak or to wovi as a teacher or iner. He was thankful for the conisnce reposed in him, and promised to -his best to win success by deserving (Applause). The Chairman hero nxplained the lence of most of the local ministers. 6 Rsv. Canon Carlisle had to go to elbonrne, but had written saying he onld have been glad to be present, and ipresaing his best wishes for the success ! Mr Isaac's ministry. Their old friend E Rev. Mr Moodie was unable to attend in" to ase and distance ; the Presby- :i»n Church was without a minister; d the Wesleyan minister had come to rneton only that evening and of course mid not be expected to be present. The Rev. J. Downing (Baptist) on Aiif of his church extended a very or.iial welcome to the Bev Mr Isaac in a rief speech. The proceedings were then brought to termination by the Rev Mr Isaac prooimcrog the Benediction. Br J. H. I'eatell presided at the organ iring the evening. 