A PIT- BRO W LASSIE. | By JOHN MONK FOSTER, j Author of "A Poor Man's Tragedy" "Tha I Moaa Pit Mystery," "For Lo?e and Gold," I &o;> [Published by special arrangement with the author. All rights reserved ] Chatter IX —Tnr.ouc;ii the Window. When Luke Standlah came out of the swoon which followed hifl dream or super natural vlaloD, whichever it might be, he stared wildly around him, not remem bering for a few, moments where he was and what had happened. Then his memory came back with a rush, and an IrrepreBBible shudder shook hia frame aa he recalled the horror he had endured prior to losing his senses. The first question he pub to himself waa—Had he been dreaming, or was he awake when he bbw, or fancied he saw, that strange, weird-looking figure disappear In the fall just beyond where he was still sitting ? A dream surely, lb was absurd to think it could be anything else. Glancing "kdown the road Luke could see the lamps of his comrades, who were still awaiting his return, and it struck him that he muBt have been unconscious for only a very Bhort time, or they would have come to seek him. Then he arose, and with one last shuddering glance around walked down the road to rejoin hi3 work mates. As he went along he made up his mind to say nothing to them of the singular In cident that had just befallen him. There were several reasons for this. In the first place Luke was known among his com rades as a profonnd disbeliever in all things pertaining to dreams and speofcral vkltatlons, and had always criticised in a most unmerciful manner the ghost stories some of the old pitmen were fond of nar rating. Again, he thought, and perhaps rightly, that the recital of his strange experience might discourage his companions and In cline them to believe that they were all doomed to perish In the subterranean wilderness in which they were entangled. "Have ah bin a good while away?" Luke asked as he joined Joe and the other two, who were etill seated where he had left them. "Middlin'," Joe answered;, "did yo' fahndowt " A fa' o' roof, that's aw," Luke replied. " What's eawr next move, Joe ?" "Ah dun know," Thomson cried wearily. " Ah think we mut as weel dee heer as anywheer else." " Ah'm gooln' no further," one of the other men cried doggedly. " It's no use ramblln' abeawb when we duniibt know wheer we are." " Sum buddy nil ha' to fabnd us," the other man broke in, "forws connotfahnd eawreele, an' they'll fahnd ub heer as weel as anywheer else." "Ah'm gooin' to ha' o sleep, Luke," Thomson exclaimed, "Ah'm gradely done up." Luke saw that It would be vain on his part to urge his comrades to continue their rambling just then, and It seemed there waa Bmall hope of them finding their way unaided.! So he followed the example cf the others and seated himself on the cold hard floor of the mine. In a few moments he conld hear the deep-drawn regular breathing of tired men eloeping, Two of the men were already slumbering in entire oblivion of their situation, and a few minutes afterwards Joe Thomson also fell asleep. Then Loke Standish drew a piece of chalk from hi3 waistcoat pocket, and upon the rocky side of the place he had as cended he wrote his nsme in large thick strokes that would take years to obliterate, and in addition to this he inscribed the day of the month and year He would be able to recognise the spot again should It ever be his lot to revisit It, and, even at that moment it seemed probable that at some time or other he would desire to see the place where he had, either in fancy or fact, encountered that blne-shirted, dark-bearded figure. It was now after nine o'clock, They had been wandering among fcheold galleries for nearly five hours, and were, It ap peared, no nearer liberty than when they set ont just after the roof collapsed. There was no telling how much longer their imprisonment might lasc. All that day might elapse, perhapB much longer, before someone came to lead them from out that huge labyrinth whose windings seemed endless. The dense unbroken stillness was both ImpreEeive and oppressive, and seemed to weigh heavily on Luke's heart and mind. He would have slept also, but his head ached too fearfully to allow him to sleep. So he sat there pondering many things, and slowly the minutes slid past, every one seeming to impress itself upon the ionng miner. He looked again at his watch and found it was a quarter past ten. Joe Thomson and the others still alambsred as peace fully as if they were at home in their re spective beds, and a sullen despair was be ginning to fasten upon Luke, when at last his tired eyelids fell and he slumbered. But his sleep was of short duration. _He bad hardly closed his eyes, it seemed, when his attention was aroused by Bome distant sound, and In a moment he was listening Intently. What waB it that awoke him ? Was It the clatter of falling^roof or the sound of approaching feet? He bent down low, placed his ear sgainat the cold floor, and held his breath, while he listened in an intense, excited way. Thud ! thud ! thud ! fell lowly, but unmistakably, upon his strained hearing, and rising to a sitting posture he shouted with all the power of his deep, strong lungs— "Hallo! Hallo! Hallo!" J08 Thomson and the other sleepers rose suddenly to their knees, staring wildly about, unable to understand the great nci£8 Luke had made. " There's aumbuddy abeawt!" Luke cried to hlB -wondering sleepy'eyed mates. "I've heard feet! Let's aw aheawt to gether!" The next moment four powerful voices blent together, and a mighty "Hallo !" swept along the old galleries of the mine. Intense stillness followed for an Instant, and then they all heard a clear, piercing whistle. Again their joined voices rang out; once more a wave of sound rolled swiftly along the low galleries, and the whistle answered their Bhont, A minute after wards old Ike Ellsworth, the other, fire man, and two men were beside them, each one glad to find all the missing miners safe. " What's up, lads ?" old Ike asked jocu larly. " Han yo' bin lost ?" " Ah thtnk thah knows," Joe Thomson cried ill-bumoredly. " We'n bin like four wand'rin' Jews sin' four o'clock this mornin'." "Thah shouldn't o getting lost. Joe," retorted Ellsworth, "for thah's bin thro' th' air-roads afoor." " Ay, ah have, Ike, bur ah'll never gooa thro' 'em again," and Toe shook his head with great solemnity. "It was Joe ub sed he knowed fc'road," one of the men growled, "and he lost hiesel un1 us too." " Never mahnd, lad," was Joe's re sponse, " ah'll never do it no moor." There was a general langh at Joe's expense, and then they prepared to quit the place, old Ike Ellsworth leading. Without the least difficulty the old fire man led them ont of the labyrinth, and Luke and his comrades were not over pleased to notice that they had crossed and reorossed the right way many a time, Ail the way out Luke Standish used his chalk unsparingly, making signs upon the roof and sides every score of yards. Old Ike and the other men laughed when they saw Mm doing this, for fchay Imagined tli it he waB only taking snch precautions aa would enable hltn to find hla way oat of the maze In future, whereas In reality he was thinking of returning thither bo mo day. He had not yet forgotbon the blue shlrted, dark-bearded figure, and every fresh chalk-mark he made attested to the depth of the impression the incidenb had made npon him, After a long fatlgnbg walk the pit ahaft waB reached, and a few minutea after the foar minera were atanding on the pit bank in the warm antamn sunshine. Kate wag busy at her work of number shouting, and Bhe conld only flash across to htm a look of deep love and thankfulness that amply re paid the miner for all the annoyance of the laBfc few honrs. JuBt as Lnke and the others were about to leave the bank the manager — Mr. Latham—put in an appearance. He, of course, had heard of the great fall in the north level and had been nneaay regard ing the missing men, and now expressed his pleasure at seeing them all safe. Luke had to give him an account of all the events of the preoeding night, and by the time this was done the steam whlBtles were announcing the dinner hour. Mr. Latham was both a feeling man and a generous master. Knowing the four men were greatly exhausted by last night's wanderings he Intimated that each of them could take a holiday that evening and that their wages Bhould be paid in full at the •week end. This pleased the miners very much, and each went home happy. The relatives of the miaBlng men had been informed that their breadwinners were In no danger, being merely dotained In the pit through an accident, and this information had allayed many fears In the missing miners' homes. (Tc be continued,) 