Woodland Dreams. Out on the wild New England hills, Buried in deep recess, I oftime3 see by sparkling rills The Ghost of Loneliness. It sings in weird and woful moan Into my poet ears, Of vacant lite— 111 awtnl tone — Back through the perished years. I sometimes hear the water's flow Sound sad against the hills, Which fancy turns to notes of woe Expressed for human ills. Ami weirdly does that ghostly form Stalk through the shrubs and trees, And shriek above the howling storm Like souls in agonies. And I beheld tho buried past Spring into life again, While o'er the dark-skinned race is cast The family mark of Cain. No grand traditions mark the flow Of life in years gone by, Blit vacant deserts iniaglow With human energy. The remnant left — arid what are they ? No hope within tlieni 'springs — Poor objects built in ebony, Methinks them soulless tilings. Aud they shall (lass ; and what shall he Their mission uiito men ? A dark and sterile history, Unwritten by the xie»- No storied urn, nor marble bust, No glittering monument, To show how much of human dust Hits climbed up fame's asceut ; No deeds of glory writ in gore, Nor mighty triumphs won By noble hearts in day of yore — 'Tis vacant — there was 11011c. And there is none ! Where'er I gaze A sameness seems to rest ; A lonely waste of unmarked days — An uiiliistoric crest The mount, the rock, the hill, the stream Arcsilei'itof the past, Nor can I in my wildest dream A history round tliem cast. But wandering ofuimca in these glens, I sometimes think aiul feel, Beside these waterfalls and fens, Of future worth and weal ; And I behold a nation rise Exultant, fearless, strong ; Of democratic tendencies This idol of my song. Emblazoned 011 its banners sec. Bright flashing in tho sun, That mighty watchword — Liberty, In bloodless battles won. Beneath its folds a noble race Of men, unfettered, free, Whose deeds of worth shall proudly grace Her future history. Tlic warmiug blood that fills her veins a wonurous current runs, It springs from Anglo-Saxon strains, And Erin's better sons ; And cool as in her hour of pride The blood of Scotia flows, And mingling with Teutonic tide, A nation's life-blood glows. A nation ! yes, whose soul shall beat Alone for what is free, Witli aspirations to complete The doom of tyranny ! Free as the winds which fan these hills, Her commerce too shall run, Till overcome the thousand ills That fill the fiscal one. And blazing in the van of Right, Her flag shall be unfurled, Till in one brotherhood unite The English-speaking world. And then, my country, who shall say Thou art not great and grand ; The brightest gem 'neath Heaven's ray, My noble Southern Land ! JOHN WETHERSFOON. Glencoe. It is stated that sugar factories have so multi plied in Hungary that in another twelve months the country will not ouly bo able to manufacture enough sugar for home consumption, but will bo in a condition to export. At Brownhills, near Walsall, Dr. Gettings, ; medical officer of the Lichfield Union, was fined £1 | anil eoets for having stated in a certificate of the death of a pauper that lie visited him on the day of his death, tlic visit having been earlier. Within twenty days after the declaration of war Germany could place seven mobile armies in the field, the aggregate strength of which would be 1,400,057 men, supported by ample troops for the lines of communication, and for replacing casual ties. Two lads, James and Peter Brown, wore left orphans at Newlyn, near Penzance. The latter fought at Balaclava. James has just died in America worth £400.000, and has left his brother £18,000. The brothers had not met for 40 years. Pastor W iiite, who is SI years of age, was on Friday sentenced at the Launceston Supremo Court to one week's imprisonment for giving a false mar riage certificate. 