COS\FONONM CUTBILL WAS rMUFFLX BETWEEN TWO BRAWNY SALTS. An Ooean Tragedy, Br W. CLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER XIX.-continued. - A MYSTERIOUS VOICE. 1 LED her to the starboard quarter, where I had stood with Crimp, and repeated the story. The darkness gave nmy recital of the incident the complexion it wanted; a tremor passed through her hand into my arm. It was enough to make a very nightmare of the gloom, warm as it was with the dew- laden southerly breathing, and delicate too with the small fine light trembled into it by the stars, to think of a hail sounding out of it from a phantasm as shapeless as any dye of gloom upon the canvas of. the night. Ten minutes passed; I then dis cerned the figures of Wilfrid and Finn coming aft. My cousin's deep breathing was audible when he was still at a distance. " Well, what news ?" I called cheerily. Wilfrid drew close and exclaimed, "It is true. I have heard it." "Ha ! " said I, turning upon Finn. 'By all that is blue, then, Mr. Mon son, sir," exclaimed the worthy fellow, "there is somewhat a-talking below." " What does it say ?" asked Miss Jennings. showing herself all on a sudden thoroughly frightened. "Whiat I heard," said Wilfrid in his setot raven note, "was tis, ' The yacht i. crst. Sail her home! Sati htr "'Twas as plain, Mr. 3Monson, as' his honour's own voice," said Finn, in a pro ,unodly despondent way. " Dye think, Finn," said I, " that it is a trick played off upon the crew by some skylarking son of a gun forward 1" His head wagged against the stars. "I wish I could believe it,- sir. The woice was underfoot. There's nobody belong ing to the ship there. There's no man amussing. 'Sides 'tain'ta human woice. hever could ha' believed it." He pulled out his pocket-handkerchief and polished his brow. " Well."I exclaimed, "so long as the thing, whatever it be, keepsforward-the deuce of it is, I've heard such sounds my self twice. It can't be fancy then. Yet, confound it all, Will, there can be nothing supernatural about it either. What is it ? Shall i explore the yacht forward ? Give me a lantern, and I'll overhaul her to my own satisfaction anyway." " You may set us on fire," said Wilfrid; "let the matter rest for to-night. To morrow, Finn, you can rummage the yacht" He started violently: "that can it be though." Are we veritably haunted by the ghost of the Portuguese ?" tHe tried to laugh, but the dryness of the utteranceseemed to half choke him. "' Well, let us wait for daylight, as you say." cried I. " I am going below for some seltzer and brandy," said Wilfrid. "Finn, you may tell the steward to give the men a glass of gro; apiece. What can it be?" he lmuttered, and his long figure then flitted to the companion, through which he vanished. It was evident the thing had not yet had time to work in him. He was more astonished than terrified, but I guessed that superstition would soon be active in him, and that there was a bad night before him of feverish imaginings and restless wandering. I could not have guessed how frightened Miss Jennings was until I conducted her below, shortly after Wil frid had left the deck, where I was able to observe her scared white face, the bewildered expression in her eyes and a dryness of her cherry under-lip, that kept her biting upon it. Her maid shared her berth, and I was mighty thankful to feel that the sweet creature had a companion. Indeed, had she been alone, one might have wagered she would not have gone to bed that night. My cousin drank freely, but for all that a gloom of spirits settled upon him as slowly and surely as a fog thickens out tie atmo 'phere and darkens down upon the view. He talked with Ieat and excitement of the strange voice at the flint going off, but after a little he grew morose, absent minded, with symptonms of temper that made me extremely weary, and I fetched a breath with a positive sigh of relief when he abruptly rose, bade us brusquely good night, and went in long, melodramnatic strides to his cabin. I did my best to inspirit Miss Jennings, but I was not very successful. It may be that I was more half- hearted in my man ner of going to work than I was conscious of. It never could come to my telling her more thanl that we might be quite sure, if we could only solve the mystery of the sounds which iad frightened all hands forward, and taft. too, for the mat ter of tlhat. we slhould be heartily ashauned of our fearts in the face of the abject coeamolplace of the disclosure. lhe leiok her head. " It might be as you say," she said, "but if this strange voice continues to e heard, "uleed, shoe i in not rpeak again and yet remain unriddled, what shall we think? I am frightened, I own it.. I do not be lieve in spirits, Mr. Monson, in haunting shadows, and other inventions, of old nurses; but I canuotforget that you have heard such a voice as this twice- you who are so-so-- "Stupid," said I. "Matter of fact, Mi:. Monson.". But talking about the thing was not going to help her nerves. She went to bed at ten o'clock, and feeling too sleepy for a yarn with Finn I withdrew to my cabin. I found myself a bit restless, how ever, when I cano to put my head upon the pillow, and would catch myself listen ing, and sometimes I fancied I could hear a faint sound as of a person talking in a low voice. Then it was I would curse myself for a fool and turn angrily in my bed. Yet for all that, I would fall a-lis tening again. It was quiet weather still, as it had been since sundown. In the blackness of my cabin I could see a bright star sliding up and down the ebony of the glass of the scuttle, with a pause at inter vals, when it would beam steadfastly and intelligently upon me as though it were a human eye. Now and a ain the water went away from the side in a stifled sob. I could have prayed for such another squall as I have described to burst upon us for the life that would come to the spirit out of the lightning flash, the roar of thunder, the shriek of wind, the fierce blow of the black surge, and the tempes tuous hiss of its dissolving spume. I cudgelled my wits for a solution of the voice, but.to no purpose. It was ridicu lous to suppose that a man lay hidden below. For what sailor of the crew but would not be quickly missed ? And then again I had but to consider, to understand whatlhadnot thought of on deck, I mean that even if a pair of hurricane lungs were secreted in the hold it was scarcely con ceivable that their utmost volume of sound could penetrate through the thick, well caulked planking of the forecastle deck. At last I fell asleep. CHAPTER XX. m?voer Is roeISHED. IT was seven o'clock when I awoke. I at once rose, bathed, and went on deck, thinking as I passed through the cabin and observed the brilliant effect of the sunshine streaming through porthole and skylight in rippling silver upon the shining bulkheads, the radiant lamps, the msirrors, rich carpet and elegant draperies of the cabin, what a very insignificant figure a night-fear cuts by daylight. The wind was north-east, a merry shninag morning with a wide blue heaven full of liquid lustre softened by many small white clouds blowing into the south-west, and rich as prisms with the rainbow lights that kindled in their skirts as they sailed past the sun. The firm line of the ocean went round the sky tenantless. The yacht was making good way, running smoothly over the crisping and crackling waters under an airy spread of studdingsail which trembled a light into the water far beyond her side. Finn was on deck standing aft with his back upon the companion. I walked leisurely over to himhn with vitality in the very last recesses of my being stirred by the exquisite sweetness and freshness of the long, pure sunlit gushing of the wind. "Good morning, Captain Finn." He turned and touched his cap. "How long is this delicious weather going to last, I wonder? Nothing in sight, eh ? Bless us, captain, when are we going to runll the Shark into view I " He looked at me with a curious ex pression which his smile, that was always in the middle of his face, rendered ex ceedingly odd, and said, "Did ye hear anything like a mysterious woice, sir, last night after you'd turned in I " "I was for fancying," I answered, "that the atmosphere crawledwith indistinguish able whispers. But I suppose without imagination there would be no lunatic asylumus." He said, still preserving his odd look, "The sperrit's discovered, sir." " Gammon I " I exclaimed. " Ay I we've got hold of the woiceo " he cried gleefully. "Did ye ever see a ghost, lMr. Monson, sir ? Look ! There's the corpse as belonged to the wreck, and there's the happarition as was a-cursing of this yacht last night in the forepeak, and your honour may take it that there is the invisible shape whose hail from of' yon quarter has given old Jacob the blues;" and all the time that he spoke lie was pointing to the fore- rigging just under the cross-trees. I had before lightly glanced at a man up there, but had given him no heed what ever, as I supposed lhim to be a sailor at work. But now I looked again, shading my eyes. " Muffin i" I cried with a gasp of as tonishmient. "Do you meamn to say-?" a:ud I veritably staggered as the full truth and absurdity of the thing rushed upon He hiuln in the rigging facing seawards, and there was turn upois turn of rope round his arms and legs; indeed he was as snugly secured to the shrouds as if he had been a sample of chafing gear. The sailors had compassionately jammed his hat down on his head, and in the shadow of the brim of it his face looked of the sickly yellow hue of tallow. But he was too high to enable me to witness the ex pression he wore. He had nothing on but his shirt and a pair of grimy duck trousers rolled to above his knees. "What doyou think of him as a sperrit, sir ?" cried Finn, with a loud hoarse laugh which caused the sailors at work forward to look up grinning at Muffin, who hung as motionless in the shrouds as if lie lay in a faint there. " How long has he been seized aloft ? " said I, with something of a pang comuing to me out of the sight of him, for there followed close on my first emotion of astonislhmnent a sort of admiration for the outlandish genius of the creature that worked in me like a feeling of pity. "Since dawn," answered Finn. "The men put hlim where he is. I let 'ens have their way. I was afeered they might have used him in an uglier fashion, air. Jack don't like to be made a fool of, your honour. Old Jacob, I'm told, fell blood thirsty. Ye see, ye can't take a view of them sailors, especially such a chap as Cutbill, and think of 'em as lambs." " He must be an amazingly clever ven triloquist, though," said I, "Of coursel! All's as clear as daylight now. He was leaning over the rail when Crimp and I were talking on that night we heard the voice. I caught sight of him in the cabin a minute after the cry had sounded. The dexterous rogue ! lie must have sneaked with amazing swiftness below. A consum mate actor, indeed ! How was lie dis. covered ?" "'Why," answered Finn, with a slow shake of laughter, "there's a chap named Harry Blake as occupies tIle bunk just over him. Blake like O'Connor, is an Irishman, with a skin as curdles to thile thoughtofaghost. He wasmorefrightened than any other man forrards, and lay awake listening. Time passed: all the watch was snoring saving this here Blake. On a sudden lie hears the woice. He sits up, all of a muck o' sweat. Why, think's he, it's the mute as lies under me a-talking in his sleep ! He drops on to the deck and looks at Muffin, who presently fell a talking again in his sleep, using the hi dentical words that Sir Wilfrid lihad heard, and the tone o' woice was the same, sort o' muffled and dim-like ; but it wasn't pitched fit to make a scare, seeing, of course, that the hartist was unconscious. On this Blake sings out, kicks up a regular hullabaloo, tells the men that the woice was a trick of M]uffin's. Muffin being half-dazed and terrified by the sailors crowding round his berth, threaten ing of him, confesses, and says that he did it with the notion of terrifying Sir Wilfrid into returning home as his life had growed a burden. The men then called a council to settle what should be done with him, and it ended when day break come in their seizing him up aloft as ye see there, where they mean to keep him until I've consulted with Sir Wilfrid as to the sort of punishment the chap merits." " What shall you propose, Captain Finn?" said I, with a glance at the bound figure, whose motionlessness made him seem lifeless, and whose posture, there fore, was not a little appealing. "Sir," answered Finn, "I shall re commend his honour to leave it to the men." " But they may hang him ?" "No; I'll see they stop short of that. But, Mr. MIonson, sir, begging your par don, I'm sure you'll allow with me that Muflin 'll desar-e all he's likely to get. Speaking as master of this wesscl, I say that if he hadn't been found out in good time it might have gone blazing hard with all of us. The men were saucy enough last night, growling, indeed, as if it was I next door to a mutiny being under way ; and yet it was the first time of the woice speaking in the hold. Imagine it going on for several nights I It was bound to end in all hands giving up unless we shifted our helm for home, which Sir Wilfrid would never have consented to: so there ye'd have had a quandary as bad as if the sailors had been laid low with pison, or as if the Bride had tamed to and leaked at every butt end. Then think of his anointing his honour's cabin with flaming letters; all to saree Ihis own measly wish to got out of an undertaking that he don't relish. . . 1Mr. MIonson, sir, he wants a lesson, something arter the whipping and pickling business o' my father's day, and sooner than that lie should miss one of his desarts by striving to get to windward of the soft side of his Ihonour's nature, I'm damned," said hlie, striking his open hand with his clenched fist, "if I wouldn't up and tell Sir Wil frid myself that it was that there Miutlin as wrote the shining words about his honour's baby." "Best not do that," said I. "We want no tragedies aboard us, FimL. How ever, you may count upon mly Inot inter fering ; but for God's sake let there be no brutality." "That 'll be all right, sir," answerqd the skipper, with such a look, however,. at the helpless and stirless figure in the rigging as satisfied me that his inclination at present at all events, was not towards mercy. It was not a sort of sight to make the deck a pleasant lounge till breakfast time. I was moved by some compassion for the unfortunate creature, mainly due, I believe, to a secret admniraion for his remarkable skill and dramatic cuning ; and understanding that the sooner Wil frid was apprised of this business the sooner would bMuflin be brought down nut of the shrouds, I stepped below. The head steward came out of my cousin's cabin as I approached the door. "Is Sir Wilfrid getting up ?" said I. " I've just taken him his hot water, sir. He isn't out of bed yet. He's very heavy; had a bad night, I've been told, sir-" I passed on and knocked. "What is it?" cried Wilfrid, ina drowsy irritable voice. I entered, and said, " Sorry to disturb you, Wilf, but there's news that will interest you." He started up; "The Shark? "he cried. "No," I answered, "they've found out who talked like a ghost last night ;. who it was that whispered off the ocean to Crimp and me that this yacht was cursed; and who it was that made the corpse on the wreck hail us." " He sat bolt upright wvith eyes and nostrils large with excitement. " Who1" "Muffin," said I. "Mutffinl" he shouted; "what d'ye mean. Charles" ." " Why, the fellow's a ventriloquist, an incomparable artist, I should, say, to deceive us all so atrociously well." He stared at me with a face of dumb astonishment. " What was his motive, think you?" he asked presently. "He's pining to get home," I replied ; "he's capable of any tricks t-. achieve that end. The men mean to punish him, and Finn is waiting to confer with you on the subject. They've had him lashed to the rigging aloft since daybreak." "The scoundrel I" he cried, springing on to the deck with a dark look of rage, yet with an indescribable note of relief as of a mind suddenly eased, softening the first harshness and temper of his voice. "I have to thank him for a frightful night. What a fool I am," he cried, vehemently striking his forehead, "to suffer myself to be terrified by things which I ought to know-which I ought to know," he repeated with passionate emphasis, " cannot be as they seem." "LWell, Wilf," said I, "you will find Finn on deck. He will tell you all about it, and you will leave the fellow's punish ment to the men, or settle with Finn the sort of discipline the man deserves as you shall think proper. I wash my hands of tile affair, satisfied with Finn's promise that there shall be no brutality," with which I left him and returned to my cabin, where I lay reading till the break fast bell rang. bliss Jennings was alone in the cabin. She stood with head inclined over some flowers which still bloomed in the mould. ints which they had been brought from England. The sunshine of her hair blended with the pinks and whites of the petals, and the gems on her hands trembled like dewdrops on the leaves of the plants as she lightly touched them with fingers half caressing, half adjusting. Her look of astonishment when I told her that tihe voice we had heard was a trick of Muflin's was like a view of her beauty in a new light ; amazement with a sparkle as of laughter behind it to throw out the expression, rounded her eyes and deepened their hue. Then the little creature clasped her hands with gratitude that the thing should have been dis covered. "LMuffin is quite a rascal," she said, " and so clever as to be a real danger." Site could scarcely credit that he had skill enough to deceive the ear as he had. Wilfrid was slow in coming; I could see him through the skylight walking with Finn, gesticulating much, with a frequent look inl the direction where, as Imight gather, Master Muffin still hung. He kept Miss Laura and I waiting for nearly a quarter of an hour, during which I ex plained how Muffin had been discovered, how Wilfrid had gone on deck to arrange a punishment for hin, and the like. Presently my cousin arrived, and on catching sight of Miss Jemaings, cried out in his most boyish manner, "Only think, my dear, that our superstitious alarms last night should be owing to a trick, but a deuced clever trick, of that illiterate, yellow-faced, tearful. half-cracked son of a greengrocer--Muflin. I never could have believed he had it in him. Eli, Charles I Mad of course ; 1 don't say dangerously so, but warped, you know, or isit likely thathe woald practise so cruel and dangerous a deceit merely because he wants to get home ? Why, d'ye know, Oharles, Fins gravely swears that, had the rascal persisted successfully for two or tllreo nights, the yacht would have been in an uproar of mutiny, perhaps seized, ay, actually seized, through the terror of the crew, and sailed home-ending all my hopes." " How is lihe to be served ?" " Finn proposes," lihe answered, " that the nmen should form a court-a judge and jury. Their decision will be brought aft for our approval. If the sentence be a reasonable one, the fellows will be allowed to execute it." Miss Jennings looked scared. "They won't hurt him much," said I " PFihmn has pledged his word to slie. 'Tis tile fright tlhat will do him good. Is he out of the rigging, Wilf I " "Probably by this time," lIe answered. "I told Finn to get him sent down and fed. The sun is hot uip there, and the poor devil faced it." Whilst we breakfasted I had much to say about tihe fellow's singular accomplish ment as a ventriloquist; suggested that by- and-bye he should be brought aft to entertain us, and exspressed wonder that a nman so gifted, qualified by niature, moreover, to dress up his singular and special faculty with thie airs of as tlheatri cal aecountenapce as everI had heard of, should be satisfied with the mean oflices of a valet. But my flow of speech was presently checked by a change of miood in Wilfrid. His face darkened; he pushed his plate from him, and let fly at Muffin in language which would not have been wanting i0 profanity probably had Miss Jennings been absent. "Do you remember those stntge warnings that I received about imy little onse 1" he cried, turning a wild eye upon ae. "After thle gross deception of last night, who's to tell me that I might not hlave been made a fool of in that too l" I shot a hurried glance of meaning and warrning at Bliss Jennings, and said caro lessly, "Depend upon it, we cas never be the victims of more than our senses ill thlis life." " Why should the creature have left me to go forward 1 heI shouted. 1 touched my forehead wit a snmile. "When you engaged this fellow," said I, " you supposed his brain healthy any way. Now, my dear Wild, the motive of this voyage supplies plenty of occu pation to the mind, and there is excite mnent enough to be got out of it without the obligation of a lunatic to wait upon you." He burst into a laugh, without however a hint of merriment in it, and then fell silent and most uncomfortably moody. Shortly afterwards lie went on deck. " What'll they do to Muffin, Mr. Mon son, do you think 7 " Miss Laura asked. "I cannot imagine," said I; "they may duck him from the yard-arm, they may spreadeagle and refresh him with a few dozens; punish him they will. Finn is hot against him. He is quite right in suggesting that a few such ex periences as that of last night might indeed must-have ended in a perilous mutiny. Are you coming on deck? 4No." "But it is a beautiful morning. The breezo is as sweet al milk, and the clouds as radiant as though the angels were blowing soap-bubbles." "I do not care; I shall remain in the cabin. Do you think I could witness a man bring ducked or whipped I should faint." "Well, I will go and view the spectacle, so as to be able to give you the story of it." She pouted, and cried, "Wretched Muffin I Why did Wilfrid bring him ? Lend me one of Scott's novels, Mr. Mon son. I cannot get on with that story about the nobility." I was not a little surprised, on passing through the companion hatch, to find that the first act of the drama was about to begin. The whole of the ship's com pany, with the exception of the man who was at the wheel, were assembled on the forecastle. Crimp and Finn stood to gether near the forerigging, looking on. One of the sailors, who I afterwards learned was Cutbill, had pinned a blanket ovedrhis shoulders to serve him as a robe, whilst on his head lie wore a contrivance that might have been a pudding-bag, though what it really was I could not dis tinguish. He had covered his chin and cheeks with a quantity of oakum, and presented a very extraordinary appear ance as he sat with a great air of dignity on the top of a small bread cask. Six sailors stood wing-like on either hand him, constituting the jury, as I supposed. Confronting Cutbill was Muffin between two brawny salts, each of whom held him by the arm. The valet made a most melancholy figure, and even at the distance of the quarterdeck I could see his naked yellow shanks, his breeches being turned above the knees, quivering and yielding, till I began to think that the two sailors held him, not as a prisoner, but to prevent inim from tumbling down. Wilfrid was swinging to and fro the quarterdeck with long flighty strides, taking an eager, probing, short-sighted stare at the crowd forward when he faced them, and then rounding to step aft with a grin on his face and his underlip work ing as though he talked. " I'm glad to see Cutbill making a fool of himielf,"said I. " Jack's jinks are seldom dangerous when lhe introduces skylarking after the pattern of that fellow's make up. Shall we step forward and hear the trial, Wilf 7" "No," said he, " it would be undigni fled. Every man to the end he belongs to aboard a ship. Finn is there to see all fa:r. Besides, Muffin might appeal to me or to you, and I mean that the sailors shall have their way with him, providing, of course, that they don't carry things too far." "Let's sit then," said I; " your seven league boots are too much for me this hot morning." He called to the steward to bring him his pipe, and we posted ourselves on the grating abaft the wheel. It was a very gem of a picture just then. The canvas rose spreading on high in clouds of soft whiteness so silver-like to the burning of the sun that viewed from a little distance I don't doubt they would haveshone upon the eye with the sparkle of crystal or the richer gleam of a pearl-encrusted surface. The decks went forward pure as ivory, every shadow so sharp that it looked as though an artist had been at work upon the planks, counterfeiting the rigging and every curve of stirless cloth and all deli cato interlacery of ratline and gear running crosswise. The sea sloped in dark blue summer undulations, light as the rise and fall of the breast of a sleep ing girl, into the liquid azure upon the starboard bow, where the steam-white clouds were gathered in a huddle like a great flock of sheep waiting for the rest that were on their way there to join them. The crowd on the forecastle filled that part of the vessel with colour. It was the fuller of lifo for the coming and going of the shadows of the far-reaching studdingails and the marble-like arch of the flowing squaresail on the many dyes of the tough, knotted, bearded groups of faces with heads of hair and wiry whiskers ranging from the blackness of the rook's plumes to a pale straw colour, most of the beards wagging to the excited gnawing upon junks of tobacco standing high in the cheek-bones, with here a wrinkled grin, there a sour cast, all combining to a picture that I have but to close my eyes to witness bright and vivid again as though it were of yesterday. The trial was very decorously conducted; there were no jeers, no cries, no noise of any kind. I could hear the rumble of Cutbill's deep-sea notes, and once or twice Muffin's response, faint as the squeak of a rat deep dovwn. Crimp was called as a witness, and declaimed a bit, but nothing reached me save the sulky rasp of Iss voice. The fooling did not last long. Cutbill got on top of his cask to address the jury, and I saw tlhe fellow at the wheel near us shaking his sides at thie preposterous figure of the man as ihe hugged his blanket to his heart, gravely nodding with his pudding-bag first to the six men on his left, then to the six men on his right, whilst he delivered his charge. When this was ended Captain Finn, withl a look aft, sang out at the top of hIis voice, evidently that we should hear him: "Now, my lads, you who constitute the jury, what's your vardict I Is the prisoner at the bar guilty or not guilty I" "Guilly !" all twelve men roared out at once, on which Cutbill, still erect on his cask, passed judgment. I strained my ear, but to no purpose. It was a monotonous rigmarole of a speech, and so long that I turned with a face of dismay to Wilfrid. "I say, what are they going to do with him ? Why, Cutbill has said enough to include whipping, ducking, roasting, hanging, and quartering." " They only mean to frighten him," he answered, looking anxious nevertheless. The tuo men who grasped Muflin walked him into the head, faced him round, and stood on either ihand himn still preserving their hold. Finn came aft, the ,ien meanwhile hanging about in a body forward in a posture of waiting. "Well, what is decided on " cried WVilfrid eagerly and nervously. tlo Finn touched his cop. Ifo tried to look grave, but secret enjoyment was very visible in the twinkle of his eye, spite of the portentous curve of his mouth and the long drop of his chops to his chin end. "Your honour, the men's vardict is that the prisoner's to be cobbed and ducked." "Cobbed ! " cried Wilfrid, whilst I exclaimed "Ducked I " with a look at the fore yardarm that stood high above the " Every man'll give him a blow with a rope's end as he walks forrard," ex plained Finn, "and arterwards cool him with a bucket o' water apiece." Wilfrid's eyes came to mine. "It will depend upon how hard every man hits," said I; "the ducking is innocent enough. Yet I see nothing of cruelty in the sentence; and really the fellow not only requires to be punished, but to be terrified as well." "The hands are waiting for me to toll 'em to begin, your honour," said Finn with a glance forward. "It'll make the punishment too severe to keep the poor devil awaiting for it." "One moment," exclaimed Wilfrid; "did he offer any excuses 1" "Why, sir, he said lie was egged on with the desire to return to his mother and get off the sea which disagrees with his insides and affects his hintellectuals. He says lie meant no more harm than that. Don't believe he did, but it might have ended in some smothering trouble all the same 'I came as a walet,' says he 'and here now am I,' says he, ' broke just a ship's dog, a filthy scullion,' says he, ' when my true calling,' says he, ' is that of gentleman's gentleman."' " But, confound him ! " cried Wilfrid, "it was lie who-left -m-;-I did not dis miss him. He went folward of his own will." "My dear Wilfrid, he is cracked," said I. " Get on, get on and make an end of this, now, Finn," exclaimed Wilfrid with a little colour of temper in each cheek. " I'm weary of the business, and want these decks cleared and quiet to the eye." The skipiper promptly trudged forward, and sung out as he advanced. In a few moments most of the sailors had ranged themselves along the deck in a double line. Every man held a piece of rope in his hand-reef points they looked to ine, though whether they had been cut for this special business or had been hunted for amidst raffle of the kind forward I cannot say. Meanwhile a couple of sea men handed buckets full of water along from a little pump in the head until every man had one at his feet. When these preparations were completed the brace of salts who had charge of Muffin suddenly whipped off his shirt, and laid bare Iis back, so that lihe stood in nothing but a pair of breeches, a very radish of a figure--his yellow anatomy glancing dully in the sunshine, whilst the ghastly pallor of his face was heightened yet by his plaister of coal-black hair just as his in ward terror was accentuated by the cork screw- like writhing of his lean legs, the convulsive twitchlig of his arms, and the dismal rolling of his dead, black, lustre less eyes. It was impossible not to feel sorry for the wretched creature. One felt that lie was intitled, by virtue of the remarkable gift he had displayed, to a discipline of a more dignified sort thanlmie was now to be subjected to. I laughed out, however, when Cutbill formed a procession. Absurdity could not have gone beyond the figure the great whiskered tarpaulin cut in his blanket and the can vas bag that served hinm as headgear as, making a sign, he tragically entered the double line of men, bcatingwith his hands that Muffin and his two supporters should keep time with his strides. When 3Muflin was brought to the aftermost end of the rank of seamen Cutbill seized him by the neck and forced him to give us a bow. The two sailors who had conducted him to this point then posted themselves with the others, each of them picking up a rope's end, whereupon Cutbill, twisting Muffin so as to force hhn to face the vessel's forecastle, took a couple of strides backwards, extending his arms under his blanket to hinder Muflin from running forwards. " Lay on now !" he hoarsely bawled, and then whack ! whack l whack I whack! sounded upon the unhappy Muffin's spine as rythmically as the tapping of a land crab's claws upon a polished floor. Every fellow administered his single blow with a will, one or two spitting on their hands before their turn came. The sufferer writhed pitifully to the very first stroke, and to the fourth howled out like a dog. The sight half sickened me, and yet I found myself laughing-though, I dare say, there was something of hysteric nervousness in my merriment-at the preposterous spectacle of the staggering, twitching, dodging, almost nude figure of MIuffin, throwing out into strong relief the huge blanketed form of Cutbill, who, with arms distended, his head with its adornment of oakum nodding gravely from side to side as if bestowing approba tion on each man for the blow he dealt, strode backwards on majestic legs, care fully turning out his toes as though he were giving Muffin a lesson in dancing, and sliding along the lines of knotted, hairy faces with the air of some court functionary marshalling the progress of royalty. As the echo of the last whack rose hollowly off Muffin's back, the skin of which was unbroken, though it was barred with white lines that resembled flskes of peeled onion, Cutbill whirled hIim round again, choking the yell hlie was in the act of delivering into a mioan, and ran him back to where he had first started. The ropes' ends were nmow dropped; every man seized hIis bucket, and as Muffin moved, slowly confroited as before by Cutbill, who barricaded the way with outstretched arms, striding backwards once again with Cape-Horn graces, he received a deluge full in hIis face one after another till 1 thought the very breath would have been washed out of his body. "Nowcutdown belowanddryand clothe yourself," roared Finn, as the last bucket was emptied over the shivering creature, "and the next time, msy lad, ye try any of your pranks upon e'er a man aboard this wessel, whether he lives forwardl or whether hlie lives aft, we'll send yo aloft to that yardarm there with a rope round your neck." Cutbill whipped off his blanket anmd tore the oakumn and cap offhis head. In a few brief moments the decks resounded withl the slapping of sailors swabbiig up thie wet; buckets were stowed away inii their places, the rope's-endls collected, and in an incredibly short space of time all was as though no such incident as I have related had happened, the planks drying fasht, some seamens aft spreading the awnsing, other fellows at their several jobs in the riggisng or on deck, just a grin now and again passing anongst them, but no laughter and no talk, and the yacht softly pushing forwardls under the increasing glory of the sun fast approach ng his meridiasn. "We shall hearno more of Muffin. I think," said Wilfrid, showing nothing of the excitment I had expected to find in him. "No " said I with a yawn and sickened somewhlat by the business that had just ended, "but all this sort of business doesn't look like tile errand that has brought us out on to' the face of these broad waters." "Ay," said he, "but that errand was in jeopardy until this morning." He went to the rail and took a long thirsty look ahead. I waited thinking he meant to return. Instead he folded his arms and continued gazing, motionless, with eyes so intently fixed that I took a look too, conceiving that he beheld some thing to fix his attention. A strange ex pression of surprise entered his face, his brow lightened, an air of eagerness sharpened his visage. 'Twas as likely as not thathe saw with his mind's eye what he craved to behold in reality, and that the vision a sudden craze had raised up before him was as actual to his tainted imagination as if it lay bright to all hands upon the sea-line. But I felt wearied to the heart, sick as from a sort of ground swell of emotion, worried with sharper longings to make an end of this idle quest than had ever before visited me. The mere sight of Wilfrid's posture and face was enough to increase the fit of the blues upon me just then, and I quietly slipped below for such sunny influence as was to be got out of the presence of the sweet little woman in the cabin. CHAPTER. XXLI.: HEAVY wRATHER. AFTER this, for a good many days nothing in any degree noteworthy hap piiened.. It seemed, indeed, as though irhatever little there was to alarm or divert during this extraordinary voyage had been packdd into the beginning of it. Muffin lay ill of his back for two days in his bunk; but for Wilfrid, Finn would have had the poor devil up and about within an hour of drying and dressing himself. The skipper could not forgive that menace of nmutihly which had been involved in the yellow-faced joker's effort to procure the shifting of the yacht's helm for home, and he would always refer privately to me with violent indignation to the valet's trick upon his master. But on Wilfrid's hearing that the man was in pain and that his nerves had been pro strated by the punishmuent, he ordered Finn to let him remain below until he was better or well. There was no more ven triloquism; the midnight silence of the forecastle was left unvexed by muffled im precations. The sailors, when Mullin left his bunk, asked him to give them an entertainment, to which he repliedbysay ing he would see them ina nameless place first. The request, indeed, maddened him. I gathered from sullen Crimp's sour version of the incidentthatMutfin shrieked at the men, shook his fist at them, his eyes started half out of his head, the foam gathered upon his lips, and he heaped curses and oaths of a nature so novel, so unimaginable, indeed, upon them, that the stoutest shrunk back from the scream ing creature, believing him to be raving mad. However, lie behaved himself very quietly on deck. I never caught him looking our way nor speaking, nor heard him again singing in a dog-watch in his woman's voice. Life grew so tedious that I should have been glad to see him aft again for the sake of his parts as a mimsic and actor. I was certain the man would have contrived a very good entertainment for us night after night; but Wilfrid said no, angrily and obstinately once and for all, and so the subject dropped. The north-east trales blew a fresh breeze and bowled us h sndsomely athwart the broad blue field of the Atlantic. The Bride was a noble sailer when she had the chance, and some of our runs rose to three hundred miles in the twenty-four hours, with a hill of snow at either bow and the frothing surge of the trades chasing us, and a sensible increase of heat day after day in the loud and shrilling sweep of air and the glitter of flying-fish sparkling on wings of gauze from the white and gold of our vessel's shearing passage. We had entered the tropics, but had met with no ship that we could speak. At times a sail shone, but always afar. The look-out aloft was as steadfast as the rising and the sinking of the sun. Day after day the polished tube up there was sweeping the glass-like sapphire of the ocean boundary, steadily ciicling the firm line of its steeping from either quarter to ahead. But the cry of "Sail hlio!" delivered at long intervals, never resulted in more than the disclosure of a rig of a very different pattern from what we were in pursuit of. A settled gloom fell upon my cousin's spirits. He complained of sleeplessness; his appetite failed him, he talked but little, and Iris one subject was the Shark. I would sometimes long for a startling incident to shake him out of the melan choly that sat darkly as the shadow of madness upon him. Miss Jennings tried hard to keep up her heart, but already I could see that the monotony of tile voyage, coupled with all incessant strain of ex pectation, was proving too muclh for her. lShe had come to this strange quest taking my cousin's word for what was to happen. She had given Wilfrid's programme of hopes no consideration. We were bound to fall in with the Shark at sea, or, at the very worst, to arrive at tie Cape before her, and there lay in wait. She was find ing out i now tllhat the ocean was the pro digious plain I halid represented it for a pursuit of this kiud, and that the journey had already grown illfinitely tedious, though Table Bay lay somue thlousandt s of miles distant yet. Still she stuck to her gulS lmiUfully. Her heart would shllow in her eyes whllen sihe thought her self unobserved; butif ever I approaclled the subject, ill conversing with hler on the vagueness and vanity of this pursuit. shel would tell me that it was idle to talk, that shelo had miade up her minid, that she had cnst in lher lot with Wilfrid ill this chlase, and that whilst he continued to pursue his wife, no matter to what part of tile world he might direct Finn to steer the vessel, she would reumain at his side. "Should I ever forgive myself, do you think, Mr. Monson," she would argue, "if after I lhad left hili Wilfrid found Henrietta, and she refused to return with hin for lack, perhaps, of time in fluence I should be able to exert ?" "Ay. but do not you suplposO too much I" I would answer. " I'erhapjs Wil frid nliglt fall in with his wife ; perhaps she might decline to hIave anything to do with himn; perhaps if you were present shelo might yield to your entreaties. As my symnpathies are not so deeply concerned as your., I am able possibly to take more practical views. The one staggering con sideration with me is this: we arrive.ant Table Bay and find tihe Shuiark lias sailed and there is nobody to tell us where she has gone. Figure our outlook then ! " " But you are supposing too. The iShark ,my arrive whilst we ass lyhtg ins Table Bay. h?Vt then,. Mr. Bfonson 5" It was idle talk, tliughi to her " wslint then " I might have replied by another question: "If Lady Monson, at Table Bay, should decline to allow her husband to carry her home in his yacht, ic?ot then?" It must have fared hard with inme, I think, but for this girl; for had I had during this jouray no other companion than Wilfrid, likely as not it *ouhld have ended in my carrying "a bee in mr bon net" for the rest of my days. Between us we managed to kill many tedious hours with cards, chess, chats, rcadlng aloud whilst Wilfrid lay hid in God knows what mysterious occupation in his cabin or paced the deck alone, austere, unapproachable, with an inon sneer on his lip and on his brow the scowl of a dark mood out of which you might hare looked to see hini burst into some wild, unreasoning piece of behlrioir, Some swearing fit, or insane soliloquy-oue knoew not what; only that the air of hiiim held you restless with el pectation of trouble in that way. The night-time was the fairest part of this queer trip when we got under the tropic heights, with failing breezes, hot and moist, softly-rimning surges languidly gushing into a sheet-lightning of phos phoric froth, a full moon that at her meridian came near to the brilliance of r??rise, the planets large, trembling and of heavenly beauty, a streak of dim fire in the dark water over the counter denot :: tO iubtle, sneaking pursuit of some go h',; and reflections of white stars like ::.:: water-lilies tiding the polished 1011y imive when it ran foaniless. Even !a"r after evening on such nights as these SBld 'ess Inura and I placidly step the ck- tk getheror sit watching the exquisite ?T, of moonlight on sail and cordage; orthc r, tgof the luminary above the black rim of cmn, with the tremble of the water in isa light as though the deep thrilled to the first kiss of the moonbeams; gliding from one ribmiitic fancy to hiiother ias tenderly as our keel floated over the long, drawn respirations of the deep. Indeed, it would comiie sometimes to rmy thinking that if the Bride were myyacht and Lautr and alone in her-witha crew to navrigato the ciaft, to be sd-e-I should be very well satisfied to go on sailing about in this fashion in these latitudes, under those glorious stars and upon these warm and gentle seas, until she tired. lii its serene moonlit moods the ocean possesses an incomoiirable and amazing magic of spiritualising. The veriest common-place glows into poetic beauty under the mys terio?s, vitalising, enriching influence. I have seen a girl whom no exaggerated courtesy could have pronounced comelyby daylight, show like an angel on the deck of a yacht on a hushed and radiant night frli?i the Kit" has been brimming to the stars with the soft haze of moonlight, and when the sea has resembled a carpet of black silk softly wavine. The moon is a witch, and her pencils of light are chaiged with magio qiualities. In the soft golden efilgence my companion's face would sometunmes grow phantasmal, a dream of girlish loveliness, the radiance of her hair andskinblendingwith tihe richillusivelight till I would sometimes think if I should glance away from her and then look again, I should find her fairy countenance melted \- romantic confession that tells the story of my hea-t! Yes, I was far gone; no need to deny it. Our association was intimate to a degree that no conmpaion ship ashore could approach. Wilfi"d left us aofie together for hour after hour, and there was nobody to intrude upon us. Finn clearly understood what was happen ing, and sour old Crimn was always careful to leave us one side of the deck to our selves. But there was now to Imappth a iiolent change-a transformation of peaceful, amorous conditions of the right kind to affright romance and to drive the spirit of poetry cowering out of sight. We were ii latitude about eight degrees north; the longitude 1 do not remember. The night had been very quiet but thick; here and there a star that was a mere Iustreless blur in the void. and the water black and sluggish as liquid pitch without a gleam in it. The atmosphere had been so sultry that I could get no rest. The yacht dipped drearily from side to aide, shaking thunder out of her canvas and sendirig a tound, like a low sobbing iil, off her sides into the midnight gloom. This prevented me from opening the scuttle, and 1 lay half stifled, occasionally driven on deck by a sense of suffocation, though it was like passing from one. hot room to another in a Turkish bath. There was a barometer in the cabin just under the clock in the skylight; every time I quitted my berth I peepd at it, and every time I looked I observed that the mercury had settled somewhat, a very gradual but a very steady fall. That foul weather was at hand I could not doubt, but it was hard to imagine the character it woild take down amongst these equatorial parallels, where one hardly looks for gales of wind or cyclonic outbursts, or the rush ing tempest red with lightning of high latitudes; though every man who has crossed the Line will know that the ocean is as full of the unexpected thereabouni as in all other parts of the globe. I somehow hare a clearer recollection of that night than of the time that fol lowed, or, indeed, of any other passace of hours during this queer sea ramble I am writingabout. It was first the intolerable heat, then the unendurably, monotonous lifeless rolling of the yacht, with its regular accompaniment of the yearning nwash of recoiling saters, the ceaseless and irritating clicking of cabin doors upon their hooks, the idle beating of canvas above hollowly penetrating the deck with a mufiled echo as of constant sullen explo sions, the creaking and straining to right and to left and above and below, a lhot smell of paint and varnilh and uphlolstery mingled witi some sort of indefinable marine odour; a kind of faint scent of rotting seawreed, sucl as will sometimes rise off the breast of the sluggish deep when stormy weather is at hand. I believe I drank not less than bnt dozen bottles of seltzer water in the small hours, i was half dead of thirst, and routed out the steward and obliged him to supply me with a plentiful stock of this refreshment. But the more I drank thie hotter I got, and no shipwrecked eye ever more grate fully saluted the grey of dawn than did mine when, wakening from a half-hour of feverish sleep, I beheld the light of morn ing lying weak and lead-colourecd on tIhe glass of the porthole. An uglier jumble of sky I never beheld when I sent my first look up at it from the companion hatch. It was as though some hundreds and thousands of factory chinaers had been vomiting up their black fumes throughout the night, the bodies of vapour coming togcetrerover our nmastheads andcompacting there lumlpislhly amid the stagnant air with the livid thickeninsgs dimming into dusky browns; andr here and there a sallow lunp of gloom of the kind of yellowish tinge to nmake one think of fire and thunder. The confines of this ghastly tstorm-laden pall drooped to the sea within three mlnes of the yacht, so that the horizon seemed within cannon shot-amer-ing andminglingof stationary sadowsr whose stirlessness was rendered the more portentous by the sulky pease soup coloured welter of the ocean washing into the shrouded distance and vanishing there. All hands were on the alert. ~Lhat was to come, Finn told me, he could not toil, but he was ready for it. His maintopmast was struck, that is, sent down on deck; he had also sent down the topgallantyard. Every stitch of canvas was furled, saving the close reefed gaff fsresail and the reefed stay foresail. lxtra lashings secured everytiring thlat wu-as movable. Much to my satisfaction, I observed thrt hie had struck thie long gun forward down 'below. There was not a breath of wind as yet, and the yacht looked mosti forlorn and naked, as though, indeed, she were fresh from a furious tassle a? she rolled, burying her sides apeon the southerly swell that wras growihg Sheavier and heavier hour by hour. We were at breakfast whren tIre first of rthe wind took us. It came along moanu Inug t luitt, ith a strall dying away, and I then a longer wail as it poured hot as the breath of a furnaca blast between our masts. This was followed by some five minutes of breathless calm, during whicl the yacht fell off into the trough again; then, baring my eye upon a cabin windowl I bawled but, " There it conies! " seeing the flyins whito line of it like a cloud bf desert sinid si~eepinh through the evening dusk, and before the words were well out of my mouth the yacht was down to it, bowed to her bulwark rail, every blessed article on the breakfast-table fetching away with a hideous crash upon the deck, with the figures of the two stewards reel ing to leeward, myself gripping the table, Wilfrid depending wholly for support upon his fixed chair, and Miss Jennings biuoying herself off to windward upon her outstretched arms with her face white with consterndtion. The uproar is not to be described. The voice of the gale bellowing through the gloom was a continuous note of thunder, and trembled upon the car for all the world as though it was the cannonading of some fierce electric storm. The boil ing and hissing of the seas made one think of a sky full of water falling into the ocean. The yacht at the first going off was beaten down on to her broadside, and lay motionless, the froth washing over the rail; and the horror of that pos. ture of seemingly drowning prostration, together with the fears it put into one, was prodigiously increased by the heavy blows of seas smiting the round of the hull to windward and bursting over her in vast bbdies of snow. But she was a noble sea boat, and was soon gallantly breasting the surge, but with a dance that rapidly grew wilder and wilder as the tempestuous music on high rang out more fiercely yet, until it becanme absolutely impossible to use one's legs. The sea rose as if by inagic, and the slide of the hall down the liquid heights, which came roaring at her from a very smother of scud and vapour and flying spray, gave her such a heel that every recovery of her for the next buoyant upwards flight was a miracle of resurrection in its way. The hatches were battened down, tarpaulins over the skylight, and as for some time the stewards were unable to light the lamp we remained seated in the cabin in a gloom so deep that we could scarcely discern onu another's faces. Off the cabin deck rose a miserable jangling and clatter of broken crockery and glass and the like, rolling to and fro with the violent movements of tie yacht. For a long while the stewards were rendered helpless. They swung by stanchions or held on grimly to seats, and it was indeed asmuch as their lives were worth to let go; for there were nioments when the decks sloped like the steep roof of a house, promising a headlong fall to any one who relaxed his grip of a sort to break his neck or beat his brains out. At egular intervals tihe cabin portholes would turn blind to a thunderous rush of green sea, and those were moments, 1 vow, to drive a man on to his knees with full conviction that lie would be giving up the ghost in a very little while; for to these darkening, glimmering, green delugings the cabin interior turned a dead black as though it were midnight ; down lay the yacht to the mighty sweeping curl of water; a shock as of the discharge of heavy artillery trembled with a stunning effect right through hcis to the blows of the tons upon tons of water which burst over the rail to the height of the cross trees, falling upon the resounding deck from that elevation with a crash that made one think of the fabric having struck, followed on by a distracting sound of seething as the deluge, flunig from side to side, boiled between the bulwarks. We had iebt with a few dustings before we fell in with this tempest, but nothing to season us for such an encounter as this. I made an effort after two hours of it to scramble ori all-fours up the cabin ladder ind t0 put my head out through one of the companion doors. Such was the power of the wind that to the first pro trusion of nimy nose I felt as if my face had been cut off as by a knife and swept overboiard. The hurricane was as hot as though charged with fire; thie clouds of foam blown off the sea, and whirliiig hoarily under the black vapour low down above our mastheiads looked like steam boiling up off the hissing surface of the mighty ocean cauldron. I caught sight of a couple of fellows lashed to the wheel and the figure of Finn glittering in black oilskins crouching aft under the lee of the bulwarks, swining to a rope's end round his waist; buit all forwards was haze, storms of foam, a glimpse of the yaoht's bows soaring black and streaming, then striking down madly into a very hell of white waters which leapt upwards to the smiting of the structure in marble-liko columns, round, firm, brilliant, like the stem of a waterspout, but with heads which iistantly vanished in a smoke of crystals before the shriek and thunderof the blast. The fragment of gaff foresail held bravely, dark with brine from peak to cles-, with a furious salival draining of wet from the foot of it out of the hollow into which there was a ceaseless mad hurling of water. Heaven preserve mel Never could I have imagined such a sight as that sea presented. It might well have scared the heart of a far bolder man than ever I professed to be to witness the height and arching of the great liquid acclivities with their rage of boiling summits; the dusk of the atmiosphere darkened yet by the flying rain of spume torn by the fingers of the storm out of the maddened waters; the ghlttliness of the dissolving moun tains of whiteness glaring out into tie wet and leaden shaldow; thie leaping of the ncar horizon against the thick gloom that looked to whirl like a teetotum, mingling scud and foam and hurtling billow into a sickening confusion of phartasmal shales, a mnad, chaotic blending of vanishing and reappearing forms timedl by the yell and hum of the gale sounding high above the crash of the breaking surge and the shatterina of wave by wave as though iin very truth it fetched an echo of its own d~eafening roaring out of the dark sky rushing low over this tremendous scene of commotion. Whatever it might be that blew, whether a straight-lined hurricane or some ning of rotating storm, it lasted for three days; not, indeed, continuing the terrible severity with which it had set in, for we were all afterwards agreed that a few hours of the weight of tempest that had first sprung upon us must have beaten the yacht down to her grave iby mere blows of green seas, let alone tie addition of the incalculable pressure of the wind. The stay-foresail in one blast that caught the yacht when topping a sea was blown into rangs, and whirled up into the dusk-like smoke. A fragment of hcadsail was wanted, but whilst some men were claw lg forwards to effect what was necessary the vessel shipped a sea that carried three of them overboard like chips of wood, leaving the fourth stranuded in the scuppers as far Rft as tlhe gangway with his neck and both legs broken! ?oWe were but a small ship, and luxurious fittings counted for nothing in such a hellishl tumblefi cation as that. Wilfrid kept his berth nearly the whole time, having slightly sprained his ankle, which topped by tle motion prohibited him from extending his leg by so much as a single stride. On the other hmnd Ibliss Laura would not leave the cabin. I endeavoured to persuadelo hlier to take some rest in hlier bunl, but to no purpose. I did what I could to mnake her comfortable, crawled like a rat to her berth, where I found hlier maid half dead ithl fright and nausea, procured a pillow, rugs and so forth, got lher over to the Ice side, where there was not much risk of her tolling off the sofa, and snugged hlier to the best of my ability I sat with her con st.untly, said lwhat I could to keep lher spirits up, procured food for her, fell asleep at hlier side holding hlier hand, saw to her maid, and in a word acted the part f a devoted lorer. But heaven bless us, hat a time it was ! I would sometimes onder whether if thie Shlrrk nist with this ;le, she had seaworthliness enough to out live it. Occasionally Finn would arrive haggard, streaming, the completest figure I?aginablo of a tempest-beaten man and report of matters abovd; but I remember wishilig him at the devil when he told us of the lbsh of the fout mcii, for a moft depressing piece of nefeh cjuld hot hafi reached us Kt such a timei and MStt Ldiir?A, spiirits teeined to utterlj breck down under it. It was impossible to light the kalldy fire, and we had to subsist upon the fc mains of past cookery and on tinned food. However, Finn told us that on the crvning of the first day of the gale the cook had fallen and broken two fingers of his right hand : so that could a fire have been kindled there was no one to prepare a hot meal for us. But a little before eleven o'clock on the night of the third day tile gale broke. I was sitting alongside of Miss Jennings in the cabin, with a plate of biscuit and ham on my knee, off which she and I were making a lover's meal, I popping little pieces into her mouth as she lay pillowed close against my arm, then taking a snack myself, then applying a flask of sherry to her lips and finding the wine transformed into nectar by her kiss of the silver mouth of the flask. A steward sat crouching in the corner of the cabin ; the lamp burned dimly, for there had been some ditficulty in obtaiiling oil for it and the mesh sins therefore kept low. Suddenly, I wit nessed a flash of yellow moonshine ulion the porthole directly facing me, and with a shout of exultation I sprang to my feet, giving fio heed to the plate that fell in a crash upon the deck, and crying out, " Thank God, here's fine weather coming at last !" I made a spring to the com panionsteps, andhauled myself up through the hatch. It was a sight I would not have missed witnessing for much. The moon at that instant had swept into a clear space of indigo-black heaven; her light flashed fair upon the vast desolation of swollen waters; every foaming head of sea glanced with an ivory whiteness that by contrast with the black welter upon which it broke sheowed with sometihing of the glory of crystalline snow beheld in sunlight; the clouds had broken and were sailing across the sky in dense dark masses ; it still blew violently, but there was a deep peculiar note in the roar of the wind aloft, which was assurance positive to a nautical ear that the strength of the gale was exhausted, just as in a humming-top the tone lowers and lowers yet as the thing slackens its revolutions. By one o'clock that morning it was no more than a mode rate breeze with a high angry swell, of which, however, Finn made nothing ; for, after escorting Miss Jennings to her cabin, I heard them making sail on deck; and when, lhaving had a short chat irith Wilfrid, who lay in his bunk earnestly thanking God that the ireather hadI mended, I went on deck to take a last lookround before turning in, I found the wind shifted to west- north-weslt and thie Bride swarming and plunging over the strong southerly swell under a whole main sail, gaff foresail and jib, with hands sheeting home the square topsail, Crimp singing out in the waist, and Film making a sailor's supper offa ship's biscuit in one hand and a cube of salt junk in the other by the light of the moon. (To be coltintued. ) 