Amusements. Her Majesty's Thbatee. — Mr, William Eief nold has good reason to feel satisfied with the reception which awaited his first appearance on the Australian stage. He was welcomed by an overflowing house, and in a style which left little to be desired on the score of heartiness. It may be said at once that he was not long in proving that the compliment thus paid him was thoroughly deserved. In view or such genuine talent as he displayed there can be no doubt that the result which he achieved by his opening performance in Her Majesty's would have been just the same, even if the audience, instead of being, as they naturally were, predisposed to accord him a friendly greeting, had never heard of him before, and he had stood on his bare merits. Those merits are certainly of a sterling kind. In this instance they were ex hibited in a way which at least for some of those present must have something of a pleasant surprise. From what had been rumored with respect to Mr. William Eignold's assumption of certain melodramatic parts, many persons, it is to be pre sumed, had concluded as a matter «f course that picturesque villiany of some sort would be the thing which he would illustrate in ' Now-a-days.5' It turned out to be en tirely different from that. The character in which he presented himself had nothing in com mon with, melodramatic creations ; but was one in which success was only to be achieved by the exercise of much more legitimate art than mere sensationalism requires. It was that of an old Torkshireman, and was a most vigorous and lifelike impersonation, re markable alike for its power, its pathos, and its humor. He looked the character to perfection ; and the Yorkshire accent would pass unchal lenged anywhere in the Biding. But those were but minor recommendations as compared with his other ones. The great strength of the performance consisted of details in which were to be recog nised touches of nature with which ' make-up ' or accent had not much, to do. The character was originally played by th,e author, Wilson Bar rett j but, as stated in our issue of Saturday, at his request subsequently assumed by Mr. Eig nold, who succeeded in making it completely his own. Though, as already noted, villainy is in no way identified with Mr. Eignold's part in ' Now-a-days,' yet it is conspicuous enough in that drama. It would indeed bea probably sufficient hint as to the latter fact to say that a horserace is one of the most important events in the piece. But, it may be added, that the stealing of the favorite for the Derby, by rascals of whom a baronet is the ringleader, is the particular inci dent which gives piquancy to the «perting element introduced in the plot. The baronet is as false in love as he is in other matters; and, while secretly married to a woman whose devotion to him causes her to be an unconscious agent in his dishonest schemes, he is posing as an eligible bachelor. One of the strongest situations in the play is where the victim of this disreputable representative of the British aris tocracy is made aware of the true character of the man she has married. Mr. Jewett, to whom such a number of similar parts has fallen, is assigned that of the baronet, and sustains it with his usual ability. Miss Eoland Watts Phillips depicts his too trusting wife. Two other heriones, for whom a happier choice than that of the baronefs bride is reserved, are represented by Miss Madge Seymour, and Miss Bessie Eignold. Messrs. Stirling Whyte, Greenaway, Hazlitt, and Ayrton have prominent parts, and. a couple of scoundrelly bookmakers are amusingly played by Messrs. Tolano and Sweeney. If one might judge from the enthusiasm of the audience on Saturday night, ' Now-a-days' is sure of a long run. Criterion Theatee. — ' The Sultan of Mocha' was witnessed on Saturday night by a large audience, and the amusing incidents, lively dia logue, and pleasant music of the opera proved as enjoyable as ever. Mr. Bracy, Miss Lilian Tree, Miss Flora Graupner, Mr. John Forde, and Mr. Knight Aston were in excellent form, and were well supported by the rest of the company. Miss Lilian Tree sang with great spirit, and as usual Mr. Bracy was especially good in the yawning song. The pretty ballets introduced in the per formance came in for a very liberal share of applause. Eotal Standaed Theatbe. — The Eoyal Stan dard Theatre re-opened on Saturdav night under most favorable auspices. ' Fun On the Bristol ' was produced by a company organised by that popular caterer for the public amusement, Mr. Frank Smith; and although the piece is well known to Sydney playgoers, it has never been performed by a company of more sterling merit than that which performed it on Saturday night. The little theatre, which was recently renovated, was filled in every part by an audience which thoroughly appreciated the enter tainment, and applauded the various per formers t© the echo. Mr. J. F. Wil liams took the part of the quicktem pered Widow O'Brien, and acted the character to perfection. Mr. Martyn Hagan, who also carries out the duties of stage manager, was in vested with the part of Captain Cranbury, which he sustained well throughout. Mr. F. Walton was cast for the character of John Waffles, alias Count Mennagio, to which he did justice. Miss Vera Patey undertook the part of Dora M'Alister, a matter-of-fact young lady, and Miss Euth Wallace played ' Norah O'Bree-on ' mucii to the delight of the audience ; while Miss Lulu Eyan caused con siderable amusement as Bella Thompson, a colored servant girl, for which character she was particu larly well adapted. The remainder of the cast in cluded Messrs. E. J. Baxter, Perry Eyan, Arthur Farley, and Herbert Eowley; all of whom worked harmoniously together. Incidental to the piece a grand concert was given, in which Messrs. Hagan and Williams gave '-Fogartv's Ball and Irish Eeel.' A duet, ' The Moon Hath Baised Her Lamp,' was well rendered by Messrs. Farley and Eowley, after which the Blair Sisters ap peared in their specialties, ' Ballooning' and 'Shadows on the Wall.' Mr. Bob Barter gave a comic song, 'I was One of Them/* and Mr. Martyn Hagan was well received for big impersonation of the Irish emigrant, and song ' ' Come Back, Pat.' The Ryans gave their speciality ' Mixed Dates,' and Miss Alma Obi-ey sang one of her serio-comic songs, entitled ' Young Men Are Not All Saints.' Miss Lena Merrick danced a graceful Highland fling, and the Leslie Brothers were loudly applauded for their musical act. Miss Vera Patey's masher song, ' Girls Are the Ruin of Men,' was well received ; and Mr. Arthur Far ley's rendering of the song ' I Live For Thee ' was most acceptable. Several other choice items were rendered; and, taken as a whole, ' Fun on the Bristol ' is a huge success, and should draw crowded houses for some weeks to come. Opeea Hottse. — The Boston Ideal Co., which made its first appearance at this house on Saturday evening, may be regarded as a pro nounced success. The programme submitted was generous in length ; and the ' business' presented.' while being distinctly new, was funny, without being vulgar. Burns and Donnelly, two clever Irish come dians, set the performance in motion, and from the excellent quality of their work, the audience became happy in the anticipation of the remainder of the bill, They were not disap pointed either. Will Whitburn, an old favorite, did good work ; butthe decidedly clever song that lie gave, depicting the genus larrikin as a devote* of terpsichore, would yield more fun by the read ing. Miss May Yohe has a charming voice, a, taking method, and a good appearance. She captured the audience from the start. Messrs. Frank and . Marion are the most refined colored performers that have shown fcere. They are masters of both graceful and grotesque dancing. The marvellous Eliwood must be seen and heard to be believed. His business, manners, voice, and deportment, are so distinctly effeminate that it is almost impossible to believe that the performer is really a man. Mr. Frank M. Clark gave three new songe, and gave them well. The Tudors, John and Stella, did an original variety act, and were received 'with acclamation. An absurd sketch entitled 'The Foiled Masher' was the means of conclud ing the performance. 1 Mr. Miln's Benefit. — The complimentary farewell benefit to Mr. Geo. Milu unfortunately brought but a thin house to the Theatre Eoyal, a faet. which may be accounted for by eireum etances which are to be considered as accidental. However, thoee who'did attend had reason to be pretty well satisfied with the programme. The first item tom the comedietta of ' Darby and Joan,' in which Mr. Wm. Calvert and Miss Clara Cowper appeared, ? the lady, being particularly happy in her acting. Songs and recitations fol lowed, in which, among others, Mr. Bracy, Miss Frances Saville, and Messrs. Clyndes and Bucklaw took part. Later on M. Horace Pousard contributed some charming violin solos, and M. Kowalski a brilliant piano fantasia. Mr. Miln was seen in the forum scene from ' Julius Csesar,' in which his delivery of the famous oration of Marc Antony won loud-applause. Mr. N. Douglas represented Brutus. The performance concluded' with the farce of 'The Dead Shot.' In the evening ' The Silver Falls ' was again the attrac tion. The piec$ will be repeated to-night, and will be witnessed by Lord and Lady Carrington, and by the Earl and Countess of Hopetoun. Haymaeket Palace of Vaeieties. — This com fortable hall was well filled on Saturday evening, when there was a change in the programme and additions to the company in the persons of George Gardner, Harry Williams, and Miss Blanche Eivers, this lady singing with good taste, ' Baby's Shoes.' Miss Lillie Warren's ballad 'Dear Eobin- I'll be True,' was tastefully ren dered, and a medloy by Miss Priscilla Verne had to be repeated. Hugo's amusing sketch. '* Explo sives,' created much laughter. Miss Priscilla Verne sang by special request the dramatic scena 'The Bridge,' and the programme con cluded with Hugo's screamer ' ' The Senator,' amid roars of laughter. Haemston's Cibctts. — Large houses have nightly greeted the enterprise of Mr. P. G. Harmston, the business of all the artists causing much astonishment. A matinee is to bo given to-day, and & change of programme will be made to-morrow night. Concert and Dance. — A well attended con cert and dance in connection with the German Club Concordia was held in the club rooms on Sunday night. A number of songs and recita tions were rendered in good style, and a wrest ling exhibition was given by Mr. Sam Matthews and one of his pupils which was much appreci ated. After midnight dancing was indulged in to the strains of the German band. v Ocean Excursion. — The fact that some hun dreds of people were unable to proceed to the land locked waters of the Hawkesbury Eiver, on Saturday, proves very conclusively that these ocean trips are becoming more and more popular. Captain W. A. Knowles piloted his fine steamer, the Namoi, filled with passengers, up the Hawkes bury as far aa the railway bridge. Outside the heads a delightful breeze was blowing, which kept on the whole of the upward journey. A good view of the Hawkesbury Bridge having been had, the return trip was started. This, however, proved less agreeable for a few, causing them to suffer from mal-de-mer, the sea being lumpy. The Namoi berthed at the company^ wharf shortly after 7 o'clock. Texas Jack, Jun. — -The first appearance of Texas Jack as a daring horseman, and a rapid tamer oi wild, norses and cattle, was made on a plot of land facing Kiss's Bazaar, Castlereagh street, on Saturday afternoon. The exhibition on the whole was successful, and despite one or two slight mistakes he fulfilled what his reputa tion exacted. It is to be regretted that the body of roughs who assembled for the purpose of levelling insult and hampering the man's work were not ejected from the inclosure. In the evening the Texan youth gave another exhibition of his daring. His business proceeded without mishap until he attempted , to ride and subject a savage bull. He was thrown from the infuriated animal, and would have been done to death but for the timely assistance of some bystanders, so much was the Texan shaken by the adventure that he was unable to proceed with the remaining part of the show. *? The Oechestral Concerts. — The orchestral concert on Saturday afternoon at the Exhibition Building was less numerously attended than any of the previous concerts of the series had been ; and this, we suppose, was owing to the fact that the programme was made up of pieces which had been heard at previous concerts, and also to the fact that numbers of people who usually attend the orchestral concerts were out of town on visits to their friends, and besides there were many competing and attractive amusements elsewhere. The concert, however, was an excellent one, the music splendid, and it was splendidly played. EajFs 'Lenore Symphony,' illustrating a German legend, a poetical version of which by the German poet Burgher has been imitated by Sir Walter Scott, was the chief item on the programme. A martial band had returned from the crusade against Paymin and Sara ceer, but William, Helen's lover, was not among them. When she finds that her William is lost, slie rends her raven hair and rebels against heaven and all that is good and holy. Then in her silent room in the lonely tower, She beat her breast, she wrung her hands Till sun and day were o'er, And through the glimmering lattice shone The twinkling of a star. Theii crash the heavy drawbridge fell That o'er the moat was hung ; And clatter, clater, on it3 boards, The hoof of courser rung. The courser's rider was the ghost of her lover, and he ascended the staircase, tapped at her chamber door, persuaded her to mount behind him on his black barb, and then gallopped away with her. And hurry, hurry, off they rode, As fast as fast might be ; Spumed from the courser's thundering heels, The flashing pebbles flee. In fact they went at such a pace that the maiden could not even snatch a view of each mountain mead and plain as they flew past them. After a long1 ride distinguished by everything that poetry aided by superstition could imagine they reach a churchyard, and the courser stops at an open grave. Then, The falling gauntlet quits the rein, Down drops the casque of steel, The cuirass leaves his shrinking side, The spur his gory heel. The eyes desert the naked skull, The mouldering flesh the bone, Till Helen's lily arms entwine A ghastly skeleton. The furious barb snorts fire and foam, And, with a fearful bound, Dissolves at once in empty air, And leaves her on the ground. Pale spectres wheel round the maid in dismal dance howling her funeral song, and, of course, she dies, and the open grave is for her. Such is the weird and uncanny legend, which Eaff at tempted to pourtray and illustrate in the music of his ' Lenore Symphony.' The music is superb, and it was played with fine effect. The other principal pieces included in the programme were the overture to ' Tannhauser,' Liszfs 'Hungarian Ehapsody No. 2,' Massenefs dances, and Bubinstein's ' Harmony of the Spheres,' all of which were splendidly played, and much ap plauded. It is understood that a second series of concerts has been decided on ; but whether the programme of these concerts will consist exclu sively of orchestral pieces, or of vocal and instru mental compositions, has not as yet trans pired. Solomon's Mttsettm:. — Notwithstanding the numbers of competing places of amusement open at this festal season, Solomon's Museum con tinues to attract a fair share of public patronage. The show has been well attended during the past week, and will doubtless continue to be so during the present one. It could scarcely be otherwise) considering the large collection of curiosities comprised is it, the attractive character of the entertainments given at it, and the excellence of the music with, which these entertainments are accompanied and illustrated. The low charge of Is admits the visitor to all the entertainments of the day and all the sights to be seen in this attractive place of amusement. The Ctclobama.— ^This wonderful work of art , is as popular as ever, if we may judge from the numbers of ' those who visit it. It is a vivid and lifelike picture of a battle, and the perspective of the jpainting is so perfect that the visitor sees, or seems to see, a wide landscape many square miles in extent, with trees and houses, hedges and fences, fields and forests, and all the other usual objects of a rural scene, along .with Wo large armies engaged in mortal combat. An .advertisement in another column states that the management of the eyclo rama have reduced the price of admission by one Joalf to all volunteers and soldiers in uniform, who .may -visit the painting during the present week. Corset's GAEDBNSi-^Correy's Gardens, Caba rita, is always a favorite assort fer pleasure? seekers on holidays, and, taking advantage of the. delightful weather, a large crowd is bound to riBiti-.ita6^rat«aiBg place to-dfey. ' , Paeeamatta.— Holiday-makers can have a cheap and enjoyable trip up the Parramatta Eiver to-day. Steamers will leave King-street Wharf every hour, calling en route at Correy's Gardens. Teocadeeo Skating Eine, Newto-vot. — This rink still holds its own, and on Saturday evening was patronised by a large number of skaters and spectators. For this evening: is announced a grand carnival, which promises to be a great success. A very successful concert was held in the Watersleigh Hall, Ben Boyd-road, Neutral Bay, on Wednesday last, for the purpose of raising funds with which to buy prizes for the pupils of the public school. A good programme was car ried out in a most satisfactory manner, the part singing of about 80 of the scholars being a very pleasing and creditable performance. Among those who contributed to the programme were Mrs. Waters, Miss Q'Grady, Miss Pidgeon, Mr. Waters, Mr. Fearnley, Mr. ? Smith, and Mr. Osborne. Miss Ida Nelson was the accompanist. The receipts were about .£21. The Picturesque Concerts at the Sydney School of Arts have, since their inception, received a liberal amount of public patronage, and the one given on Saturday night was no exception to the rule. Among the varied items on a capital pro gramme were 'The Harp that once ' through Tara's Halls' and 'Kathleen Mavqurneen.' Offenbach's comic operetta ' Eose of Auvergne ' was successfully given, and was well received by the audience. SUNDAY CONCEETS. Coogkee. — The attention of a very large number of people was directed Coogee- wards, yesterday, to listen to the enchanting strains of music which flow at this aquarium regularly every Sabbath, and for which the well-known Stopford is respon sible. Having again secured the services of llr. ' Jolly John ' Nash, that gentleman made his bow once more to a Sydney audience 'with many of his favorite airs. Mr. Timothy Parkes gave some Shakespearian recitations of no mean order. That old favorite, Miss Tilly Salinger, as usual, was well received, as was also Mr. Edward Lawler. The new balcony prome nade was fairly crowded at intervals, as were all the other attractive spots of the aquarium and itte grounds. Botant. — A beautiful day on Sunday induced a large number of people to visit Mr. Frank Smith's popular grounds at Botany. The gardens looked at their best, and the visitors derived much pleasure in wandering among the flowers and shrubs. The miniature railway plied all day, and was liberally patronised. A grand con cert was given in the large pavilion, in which Miss Jessie Cleveland, the Alhambra Sextette, Jubilee Quartette, and members of Mr. Frank Smith's talented company took part. As the ad mission to the grounds and concert lias been re duced to Gd, a trip to Botany is, without doubt, one of the cheapest and best outings to be pro cured on Sundays. The Alhaiibua. — The Alhambra Music Hall was well filled on Sunday evening, when an ex cellent sacred and classical eoncert was given. The programme, was an exceedingly good one and the items were well rendered,' judging by the applause -with which the various artists were re ceived. The vocal portion of the bill was opened by Mr. W. Eyan, who sang ' Crinthea ' very nicely. Miss Alice Taylor followed with *£Take Me Home, Barney,' after which Mr. Dovnies sang ' I'll Await Your Smiling Face,' for which he received an encore. The soug% ' I'll Ne'er Forget Thee ' was well given ; and Miss Florence Schulers contribution, ' Who Will Buy My Eoses Eed ?' and ' The Dewdrops ' were inosfc acceptable. Mr. Wallace King and Miss Lillie Eowley did justice to their songs ' The Stone Mill ' and ' Waiting-,' and tho song ' Eoses Come Again' was ably rendered by Mr. J. Mat lock. Mr. W. Johnson gave his favorite solo 'Hundred Fathoms Deep,' and was loudly applauded. Mr. Fred N. Norton gave several recitations, and the Alhambra Septette and Jubilee Quartette gave several items which were much appreciated. The orchestra, under the direction of Mr. E. Lockhead, discoursed choice selections during the evening in a manner which reflected credit on the talented conductor. Bondi. — On Sunday afternoon a large number of persons visited the Aqxiarium at Bondi, where an excellent programme was jtfovided. The concert opened with a piano solo by Signor Benvenuti, after which Mr. Thomas Gilpin rendered 'The March of the Cameron Men' in good style, and subsequently sans; ' Killarney.' ' Twickenham Ferry' and ' The Quaker's Daughter' came in for splendid treatment at the hands of Miss Eva Leamington ; while the audience were kept in good humor by Mr. W. B. Warner in his comic songs and recitations. ' Home to Our Moun tains' was essayed by Miss Eva Leamington and Mr. Gilpin. The programme concluded with a ' Scene from Wonderland' by Webb's Marion ettes, which elicited a deal of applause. 