A.} SBEE MAEKET- . ;^j The liLeral meaning of the word Fair,**- in. -its ioimnercial sense, is a 4, free market?9 Jn oOtet words, a 'fair'xnoansamarketat vhichallanderary : may purchase or not, witiiont being subjected to fee or tax. and also where all aud every can sell wifli out anv such disabilities as attach to ordinary market*. At one time the. fairs in EogW were j zjreat features in the social and industrial life of the people ; but. since the establishment of railways, and the quicker intercommunication which has resulte 1, t aose fair.- bire pittty well died «at, ainatt^r pBilwpi for rearr^. in some respects, but inevitable nniei' conditions of the national life. Here u Australia fa;-v* are unkuowu. Indeed ve:y little of the old i&sai.-n;:-J methods obtain in these fast ^o-a-head^olouies. life is not sj slow and letiiar^'c as iu Emrjpe, and bu&Ins;^s is done with a morcmeot and force to wh!c'i, even in this ? day. few provincial folk in the o2d counts? ate accustomed. This, however, is a necessity, following ' upon our freer ana more prosperous coaditi.m. as well as the awakened energies .and intelligence of the last half century, j life, too. though longer in Its average than oar ! worthy fecfathers enjoyed, is still too short for 'j slow or cumbrous methods ; and the art now is j sought in sll directions to do as much in an hour ss 100 years ago was accomplished in a week. This, however, is not a matter for marvel. If we live at higher pressure, we obtain higher zewards than the old folk could possibly .earn. The average learning capacity, aad therefore of expenditure, is a hundred fold greater, and is more equally distributed **»?' In thotie 'good old .days'* which sentimentalists are continually regsettjng— people, by the way, who are of similar sapless constitution to that of Lord Wurnifw who wrote:— ? ' Let rcicnoe, learning, azts and commerce die. But give us back our own nobility.' I^ople nowadays have money to spend, and as educa tion and a higher intelligence have feught them how to spend it wisely, we find great establishments, such as Foy and Gibson's, of Smith street, CoHingwood, springing into - existence, whose purpose it is to ?apply to a well-to-do population, the oomfozts, the *ieoeesari£fc,;ihe elegaaciea au.d reflnemeata of home ? ? ?' We b*i said Uiat inn are nnknMm in, Ans^mSfc..i'Wre are JiaT* mentiimtd, - Messrs. Fojr ud an coaanctiij a 'gj^ptje. jFair. apfl. to' lV(5pa^^B*pression, 'it is. a si^^tb^doaoDB ^eyes^ ^ Ihealrunl mana^v who may happen^ past Messrs. JToyand Gibsou^ great shops during the day must, laSeod, have a large and generous mind if 2»e forbesr from a sigh of envy as he notes the throng and press of people into and out of those plaoes. All v moved by the one impulse — an eager desire to avail themselves of the advantages offered bv Foy and Gibson to purchasers during Fair. j To the benevolent mind it must give pleasure to reflest that at least 00 per cent, of these crowds are rendered happ:er by their attendance at this Fair. The young wife who has become possessed of one of those elegant mantles, of which such numbers of surpassing beauty and pracc are exhibited, will have a sweeter temper and more contented spirit 4h*n haa hitherto ruled her. The matron who secured one of those splendid Brussels carpets at 4s. Cd. per yard will feel a greater pride than ever in her home. The country gentlemy who pur chased his suites of furniture for the home to . which he shall presently oonduct his hrM**, ia filled with a sense of importance and responsibility, to j which h*therto, during his sMit less slorcnly bachelor ' days, he has beeo an utter stranger. In a word, it i isj impossible for a reflecting observer to look oh- at 4be ceaseless ipflus and out -flux of visitors to this show to be insensible to the circumstance that these fairs serve a higher' purpose than perhaps ever entered into the calcula tions of the originatoM themselves. Wc do not sup- ! pose that Messrs. Toy and Gibson, when contemplat ing the establishment of these fairs, took into xee-. koning the philanthropic a«(pect of the matter. But as a rule moral good follows upon all honourable en* terprise, and Messrs. Foy and Gibson when they reckon their profits, may, if they please, add to them the important, though intangible balance x hi -aeased popular contentment. There is another leseontolesrafrom these fairs, that is, that in the hands of capable men, no affairs, however indicate or complicated, are beyond the influence of method. The rules by which ^»a great establishment is governed, are even as the laws of the Medea and Persians. A ? fixed system— result of long experience — ^.n d large business ex perience, controls every detail of the busi ness, so that matter? go on like machinery, and to our mind, with much of the throb and pulse of the steam engine. - Some idea may be formed by those who have never visited Foy and Gibson's premises of their size when we inform them 'that 220ft. to Smith sbeet, and that there is a depth to little Oxford street of iOOft. The groat show rooms, filled, wzth th? costliest of feminine raiment are enormous apartments. We wonder if ghosts of departed belles assonble here o* nights amidst dainty silks and velvets, and lacee, and other bewildering matters, taste again some slight flavour of the delights which onoe moved them in the We do not believe in ghosts, but, as we have Mr. Shakespeare* authority that there are more in heaver and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy, it may be on the cards that ghosts of de parted fair ones do revisit these scenes of first flriighto and mingle in spiritual sympathy with the substantial throng at Foy and Gibson's Fairs. 