LEONARD LINDSAY; OB ZEE STOUT OJ A. BUCCANEER ITT ANiiUS B. REACH. CHAPTER XXTir.— (Coxnxrsr.i " So aftcriranis thi.- was our trade. 1 like wise went to war — I likewise made slaves. We went many days ii-oui the sea, to where j there were <>ib«r We had guns, and they had but bow and arrows, likewise lances, and rlulw of wood which fire had hardened. Tlu tor-, many were killed, and ttany were 1 w kept them until ships catuc. uu'l th-'u M»ld them, and they Wtre taken away ho oa ; but we were rich and pow-rl'ul, un>l Itrul plenty of .strong drink, which we loved ; though many died of it." "As you will, Vtwrno," mv- Captain ©arbo, inteiT'ijstiag hiin, 44 if you oiiiy get enough of it." 44 Give some now," answered the negro. He drank off n small mugful, aud went on, With more aud more animation, as follows : — " Once a ship came, and she waited for Haves outside the rocks, whore the sea burst White. Then I had a hut and a wife, and alaves of my i,wa, and lived near where the king lived, and he knew that I was a Warrior, und exceeding skilful in the water. One night the sky was black — black — and tho sea moaned like u slave that moans for his country :md bU wife, and there were C0und6 amid tV brunches of the big trees ; also birds saug strangely, and the frogs croaked vety 1>m: i from the marsh whore they lived Therefore, 1 knew that a great witid v.-is coming to the land, from f:« r 'iff it. die sea : and when I lay in my hut 'ipm bloukets, and listened, the fitorm blew i ud, and 1 heard the great noise of the wave.. In fV."» morning the suu was red in the fkr, and I looked and saw the ship that wa> waiting for slaves, and she Was tossed uj\n the waves, and the white men were waving their arms to us, who £tood upon the whore. Not far from the ship Were great rok®, and we know that if she 8 truck upon >urh rocks sho would break, and the white meu would be drowned. But for a long time she was safe, Ijecause heavy Anchors and strong ropes held her in Lor place; but the wind was ercat, and tho xopea broke ; then the white men cried with A loud about, nnd tho ship struck upon tho rocks aud wa? broken, and the white men drowned. Iu the night the wind wont to aleep, and the srar. shone, and on the inorrow the sun was h.M and bright upon tho sea. So, fioon we wont ;» the broken f-hip ; there were great treasure- there of iron and cloth, and powder, which we dried, and casks of trong drink. There w.i>i more iron And cloth, nud strong driuk, than wo «ould get for many slaves, won at Many battles. Therefore wc were glad that too rope broke, aud the white men wore drowned, because wo hnd ail. After this. Many ships catno, but great winds did not come, and wo wont to war, and my father Was killed ; but for all too slaves we brought We did not get so much cloth, and iron, and powder, and st rong drink aa we got when the ship was broken and tho white men drowned. At this the king was angry, I was angry, 11 toe wa mora of my nation were angry, nnd when a grout ship came again the kiug went into the wood to an Obi man that lived . there, and asked him that he would make a fetish, so that a wind would arise Mit of toe 8«, and break tbo ship, that we might have The Obi man was good. He answered in these words — 4 1 will make a fetisli and "give It to Wooroo. Great ropes hold the jhp» but sharp knives can cut groat ropes. Ahen a small wind will break the elup upon toe rock. -The white men fire at canoe, if JjMioe go near toe ropes ; but Wooroo a great Ctover— Wooroo a great swimmer— Wooroo a sharp knife— Wooroo can dive deep down below the sea, and cut the ropes. ' Then the king told me what toe Obi man ud, and I was glad, and sharpened my knife, Mini witued tor h wind. The men of my nation knew it too, aud we were glad, end -aid that the Obi mm was wise. At last a wind came strong over tho sea, aud rattled the boughs of the forest, and the waves were white en the rocks. Then I went into tho sea to swim and dive und cut the ropes. The surf was wild, but I am a groat swimmer, and the surf could uot drown me; aud so I swain away out from the coaBt. I swam loug. When I sank down into the willey between the waves, I could only see water — not land, nor the ship. Thus I passed to windward of the ship. If they saw my bead, they thought it was a piece of wood, or a bird, or the head of some creature that lives in the sea. At length I was near the skip, and I saw the great rope from her bows going down into the water. I looked what way the rope went— it was under me. I drew my knife. I took a long breath— I dived. Down many fathoms i saw the rope : it stretched dimly out iu the green sea. I clutched it ; it shook— it trembled. Sometimes it slackened — some- ! times it jerked out tike an iron bar. I cluug to it. The sea heaved and twisted mo rouua and rouud it ; but the knife was very sharp — my arm was very strong. The knife was half through the rope, when there came a jerk through all its strands, aud it was torn asunder. One part was wrested out of my grasp, the other sank slowly into the sen. I rose up to the 8urf:i«'o. I was almost spent; I swam faintly: Ireful ou the rollim hca. Then from the top of a wave T looked at the ship : she was already near the rock, and her side was to the waves. Meu were in the rigging aod among the ropes; they strivedtoToo.se the sails, but they had no time. Tiie ship struck— the wave? went over her— the masts fell — the crew were drowned ! Ab I swam to land, I beard the people of my uatiou— how they shouted and were glad ! That ship fared like the oriier.s— she btvke, and we bad the spoil. The powder, the cloth, the iron, and all things which we valued. Only three | while men were saved, and we made them slaves. Wo scut them up the dark river and into the dark woods, far from the sea. They cried and were in despair. They were sold to another uuiiou, and we had the riches und rejoiced." 7- 14 You infernal villain!" cried Garbo. 44 The fellow talk-- of wrecking ships and drowning men by his devilish treachery as if the tale were of building churches aud saying masses. 1 44 1 say truth," replied the nearo. 44 Give me more strung drink." The captain shrugged his thoulder.s. and refilled the savage's cup. The barbarian, whose eves now began to gleaiu like a wild cats, broke out into a hoarse, guttural laugh, so savage and strange, that the watch on The forecastle called out to know what the noise was. 44 It is ouly Wooroo singing," answered the captain. 14 Goou, Wooroo." The negro who was now getting excited by his story aud the driuk, needed no spurring. 41 Ha ! ha !" he began, with that horrid laugh again. 44 Two ships come after. Two times I sharpened my knife ; two times I went into the sea ; two times I cot the great rope, and the ships struck the rocks and were broken. Some of the white men were drowned. Those who were not we sild, and they were taken away, many days' journey to th'e rising sun, and there will be until they die, as I arn, slaves. 44 But we were wealthy and great. The king was powerful. He had more carabines, more iron, and more cloth than any kiug before. Strong drink ran umongat us like water in a river. We drank, we yelled, we whoopped, we flung brands from toe fire among the buts and they were bnrned. Kill demons lived in those casks, and when we drank toe fiery drinks they entered in unto us and made us mBd, and no man knew his brother. We fought among the burning houses, and the charred rafters were wet with blood. At length there came a ship to which we had already given slaves. We went aboard. I was on board with toe long. We went into toe great cabin, and they gave us more strong drink. They beard of four ships having been broken on the rocks hard by, and they asked as how it was. Wc said that a wind came up out of the sea, and that the ships were broken. They then asked us where the white men were, and we said that they were all drowned in the sea. On that they gave us more strong drink, and fires began to flash before our eyes. It was sweet drink, sweeter than ever we had tasted, and wc drank greedily. The white men encouraged us, but thev did not drink themselves, and they talked of the ships that were broken. But wc were getting mad. and we knew no more what we did. So the white men said that, if the king's people were cunning, many more ships would bo broken, and the king's people would be rich. Then we fell into the snare, because wo were mad with the strong rlrink, and we yelled out and danced, and told the white men that they were but fouls, and I drew out my knife, aud I said : — 4 Look here. This knife cut the great ropes that went down to the bottom of the sea, and the ships were broken. I cut the great ropes. I have a Strong fetish. I am a great diver and a great swimmer.' After this I remember nothing, but that I was asleep, und that I awoke. It was in a dark place, very hot, and I could scarcely breathe. Ou mv arms and legs wore mighty chutes. I called out., and a voice answered me in the durkucss. It was the voioe of the kiog, and he said, 4 1 am chained, I know uot where.' We shouted, aud screamed, and clanked our chains, and then when wc lay still, wc felt the prison we were in woviug with u rcirular motion, and wc kucw that wo were in a ship upon the sea. So, white men came with lanterns, and they told us wc were slaves. We roared and howled at tlicm, and spit upon them, bat our cliuins wuuld not allow us to rise aud kill them. Therefore they laughed, and asked mo if I would swim and dive and cut the great rope that held the ship to the bottom of the sea, so tout the king's people might be rich. First, we trusted in our fetishes, but they did uot help us ; and the king said : ' Ou-e go ashore, and me catch the Obi man, and send the tura-tnm drum through tho wood, and the people come, and me buru the Obi man for a sacrifice ; me burn him with fire, and torment liira till ho die.' But we did not go ashore— wo were slaves. Then other slaves come, men and women, and lay down in the dark with us. The white men were there with whips and sticks, and they tormented us, until we lay so that wc were one great lump of human flesh. All through the ship, oh ! there was the beat, and toe stench, and toe sweat, and the roarings ! There was no tight but from two tittle hatchways with gratings, and square bits of light came down there; but I wd9 far from them, and the air I breathed was more foul than the mist fever that comes up out of the ew∓ with tho smell of the rotten mud " The poor devil told this paitof his strange talc with a visible shudder. He went on. " The ship sailed awav, and there were wares very rough, and tho slaves lay sick, rolling over each other, roaring and fighting to get near the hatchways. But white men, with iron bars, struck them, aod drove them back. The white men struggled backwards and forwards, and beat ami slashed tho slaves with iron bars aud knives. They carried lanterns at first, but the fire went out in the hud air aud stench. The place was only as high as half a man: there were hundreds aud hundreds driven into it. The smoke of our bodies rose out of the hatch ways. We struggled and tore each other with hands and teeth, because of the agony of sickness aud smothering. Wo coughed, -md gasped, and panted, ond dashed our selves here and there in our chains. Soon many died. The white men dragged out the corpses and took them away. In our struggles, we kicked the dying beneath ourTcet. Sometimes they clasped our legs, and triod to scratch or bite. The corpses wero cold and soft beneath ue, and all arouud was slime, and dirt, and air that was rotten, and oue stench of corruption and of death. "In half a moon, more than half of the slaves were dead and thrown overboard. The k?wg was yet alive ; when he came on board, be was oily and fat, but now his bones were stickingouttikc kuotsandaplinters,andhe was ooyerod with sores, asaleop&rd; with spot®. We Ured on the flour of cassava and water. White men came down with great baskets of it mixed, and we plunged in our hands and drew ont lumps of leaven, and ate. Wc did , not now light or struggle, but luy and tried Ite sleep ; we had mure room, and five or six died every day, beuausu tho stench had brought the fever spirit, and he sailed wilii i us in the dark hold. Then, one uight I when too white mo oi wiis coming down the hatchway, th.- captain of tbc I shiji approached, and turned his lantern upon us as wc Lay- -the kiug and me— where they had first chained us down. Then he began to ask where were the white meu who were carried off after the 6bips broke, to be slaves. But he stopped and said to two sailors who were with him, 4 Take off their chains and bring them on the deck ; it is better to speak there in the moonlight than in this stencli,' Our chains were taken off' — we climbed tbc ladder — we passed the hatch- waji and we stood upon the deck. The moon ahone, as it shone auove my hut —above toe dark woods — above toe dark river— above my country : the breeze was sweet to taste, us palm wiuc after bitter water. The white men slept upon the dock— the ship went steady before the night wind which came over the sea. It was good. The captain asked us again where the white men were slaves, and we told him a moou and two moons «and three moons from where the dark river joined the sea. Thou we said, that if he carried us back the white men would be fouud, aud he would have them, and we would go ashore aud would make war und bring hiin man slaves and never cut the great roues again. The captain spoke to the two white men who were with hiiu, and very soon tocy look us down below, but thev did not chain us ag.iiu : many other slave.- were also unchained", for all were very quiet ; and when too white men struck them, or cut their flesh with their knives, they only groaned or cursed iu their throats. I lay awake all that and the god t hat .stood in my father's hut, with tho necklace of wild beasts' teeth, gave me thoughts iu my heart. I said, to myself, we .:re .-Lives, but we may lie masters : oulv one watches at "the hatchwav -at nij-fit the wiudi> .small aud the is smooth —the white men sleep iu tho moonlight— we may arise aud kill them, und have the ship and its riches. I thought these things loug to myself, aud before the dawn I wakened the kiug and told hiin, aud we conversed in whispers : the next day we r dd others, who were tho stoutest men left, aud who could speak the language of our nation. Thus we agreed, and wc .-eaivhcd for billets of woud ami spikes uf iron, and bits of chains or fetters, to ana our selves. The night came again, and the moon hbonc again through the hatchway. The wiud was small and the sea smooth, and ou deck the white men slept in the moon shine. Then every man adored his fetish, and called upon his god tbut he believed in, to help. I gave the sign, which was a shout of war, such as we raised when we rushed upon a sleeping village of our eueraiefl to to capture slaves. Then we &U; rushed at the hatchway — we tossed aside the grating of heavy wood and iron, as though it bad bc-eu of the wattled hurdles which wc planted roaud our fields. We were free. We chouted — we climbed — we leaped — we swarmed out in the moonshine. The white man who stood armed by the hatchway had only time to fire his carbine among us. Then a sccre of sticks, and iron chains, with handcuffs swuDg to theoi, split asunder his head. In a moment he was overboard and sunk in the sea. The white men wero conquered, Some were asleep in hammocks, some on the deck. With great shouts aud screams we rushed at them. We tore them from their beds. Wo dashed them on the deck. We slashed them with the knives we found. We hove them overboard. And the sharks which followed us from Africa, and were fat with the flesh of our fellows, swallowed toe white men also. Therefore wo were the masters of the ship, and it seemed a good skive ; for when all the white men were dead and gone, it sailed on, and tho small wind blew, and the sea was smooth, just as before. I looked then for tho king, but he was dead. The one shot which the white man fired struck him — the ball drove the fetish of feathers, which was upon his breast, into Ids heart. He was dead, and the sharks had him ales. 44 Then all my countrymen called out, and said that I was king in liis place, and that we must go back to Africa, to toe deep forests and tbc dark riwrs, to their huts, and their wives, and their slaves, to where the panther leaped and the crocodile swam, and the large bat- hung iu clusters from the trees. So they led me to the helm, and they said, 4 Steer us home.' There were clouds then over the moon, and the night was dark. I said, 4 Wait until the morning, and I will steer you home.' 'J"he morxiiug came, the clouds passed away, the sun ro?e, aud the wiudeame last over the so:i. They -aid again, 4 Steer us home.' But I looked around. I looked far and near. There was no laud, only water. As in the desert there is only sand : .vj lonnd us there was only water. It w;i the same ou the right Laud and on the left. There was the sky and the sea, and that was all. How could I steer them hoine'r But if I said I could uot steer them home, thev would kill me : therefore I took the tiller in ray band. I stayed by it nil day. Those who were the masters of tbc ship and of rue danced and sung about the deck. Sometimes they asked me when we would be ui home. I eaicl, soon. They thought that I could conduct the ship to land. They would not lot mo leave the tiller. They brought food there. I slept there. I was afraid tn move. I did not know the road home. Days came aud turned into nights, and nights into days again. The sun ro®e out of the sea. some- limes ou the right hand, some-times on the left : sometimes before us, some times behind us. "We were wander ing upon the sea ; a inoon passed over us, aud they said to nto, 4 We are not yet at home ; there i» no laud, ouly water. Take ns home, or we will kill you. as you made us kill the white men." Then I was sorry that we killed the white meu. The night after the wiud grew loud, aud the waves beat over the ship. I did not know what to do. The fails wero left as the white men had spread them. The ship was tossed. She moaned, and groaned, and plunged deep into the waves. The sails made strange noises, the masts reeled and bent as trees iu a hurricane. Then one by one they broke and fell into the sea. The foam flew over us all night. A grcnt load ol' masts, and ropes, and 6ails luy upon the decks, and from the decks they reached down into the sen. These wore cut asunder with hate-heus, for they were pulling the ship down into the depths : and when the morning came tho wind had gone away, and the ship lay quite still. She had uo masis and no sails ; and as a uiau without legs cannot walk, so a ship without rigging cannot move upon the opera. 44 And still all ou board cried, 4Take us home.' Then L said to them, 4 We cannot go home, there arn no sails; we must die here upou the sen.' Then for the first time I left the helm. 1 knew one thing that none else there knew — I knew where there was toe Btrong driuk." 44 Ay, that I'll be bound you did !" said Captain Garbo. 44 1 watched, and wheu none saw, when it was dark, I took u great vessel of strong driuk, ana also bread and meat, and went dawn with them into the deep places of the ship. I weut near the keel. I sat in dark ness, with beams around me, aud ropes, and the rotten water that flowed slowly in from the sea — and which moved with regular tides, backwards and forwards, because of the ship rolling on the waves. That water had the smell of the thick mud in the erecks among the woods, after the rains, wheu the mists arise. It washed and gurgled over the slimy wood, and also the rusty chains and nails which lay at the bottom of the ship. There 1 ate and drantc, and no one sawmc. I beard them howling up above, for they knew not where I was ; but they knew they were to die upon the sea. I stayed there drinking and sleeping. The strong drink was good, it mode mc drunk ; it mode me as if I was back again where the dark river joins the sea. When the jug was dry I went for more. It was night, and a great wind was blowing over toe waves, and the ship rose up and sank down, tike the first ship that went upon the rocks and was broken. The people were running on the deck— they were in fear ; they said the 6e& was coming up ovor toe ship. I did not core : I knew where the strong drink was. I got another jug, greater than the first ; 1 alsu got. .-omc bread. As I passed iu the dark. I hoard a man say to a woman. 4 Jn two day,- there will be uo food left." I did not cave; I went with tho stroug driuk iuto t'ue sm-ei place of the ship. Xiici'L J In v amting the roped aud beams, aud the stinking water which gu/gled among them, as the waves boat hard on the outside. It was like a cave in the woods; it wub like the den of the wild bea-ts. I burrowed in it like tbe crocodile in bin abiding place, among the weeds and the thick herbage which grows by the creek. There I ate, there I drank — oh, much — much. The strong driuk was tike fire iu me, and like tight to mc ; it showed mo my hut, where the river joins the sea; it showed mo sun, and moon, and «tars, aud toe sky over the woods and the sea ; it showed me the deep waters where I paddled my canoe, and where I 6wam, aud where I dived. I shouted and sang war-songs, and those above thought tost toe spirits of their enemies were exulting and were singing. When the jug was empty I went on deck. Many days had come and gone away into tbe past. The deck was full of people ; they lay upon the planks, they groaned and cried, they were starving, and they yelled out for water, and for cassava, and millet, and maize, and rice. I went to the secret place where were the strong drinks, Lo ! there were no more ! Others found out toe fd'tcCi and took the drinks. I scorched everywhere, but there was nothing — not a drop— not a crumb. There was no more food, no more drink — now wc must die. I sat upon the deck, so did all ; no man or woman spoke : sometimes one moaned— that was all. It was the same iu the sunlightand the moonlight — when Lbc air did uot move and when the wiud was strong. I looked upon the sky, it was always blue, there were no clouds from dawn-time to sun- setting: 1 here was m> rain to cool our tips; our t««ugu's swelled and our throats were dry -as dry a? the hoi.) whi« h tbe seorpiou burrow? in the hot sand The people died one hv unc. Yflieu thev died they lay upon the dock where they fell ; they rotted there amoug&t; us but we did not move to throw them to the sharks. At last there were ten men aud wouieu dead, to oue man or woman "living: then we spoko and we talked who would die next. One said lie would, and another that he would. "W'hcn we die wc fly back to Africa, aud we said one to the other, 4 It' you die first, you say wc are craning : you say we arc flying in the air behind you to Africa, to the dark woods and the dark river.' Then 1 sent messages to my father, who was killed iu war. and to the king ; I eeut them by a young m.-m who was very weak, and whose eyes were glazed. lie lay close to mo. J watched hiin well. His breath camo louger and longer— then it ceased, as a branch you move ceases gradually to swinjr — and the jaw dropped down. I Baid, 4 Ha ! my mwsenger lias departed ; I am glad." That night there were but five loft. I was the strongest of the five, but I could uot rise from my seat, amid the corpses. Tho breeze came fresh in the night; clouds came with it, und out of the clouds rain fell. We held up our mouths and wc were refreshed. So, by means of the sweet raiu, four out of the five Lived until the grey light came out und showed fogs hauging on the water. The wind was small, and the sea smooth ; and as the suu climbed out of tbe ocean, the fogs rose up and melted away, and we all gave a faint shout, together, for uot half an hour from us, a great ship, with many sails, glided like a bird upou the sea. As we looked, a canoe, with white men, came from the great ship, paddling fast towards us, and soon 'the white men leaped up among the corpses on the deck. They gave a great cry of horror when they saw aU toe planks covered with bodice, sonic sitting, some lying, some piled up upon each other in heaps — where fathers and eons, and brothers and sisters, and husbands and wives had died together — and they were about to go back hastily into their canoe, but we all cried as with one voice for water. Then they turned and beheld us, and, after some talking, they lifted us up and put ua into the canoe, and rowed us to their ship. .So was it that we became slaves again. Then They spread forth all sail, and our old ship, with its i-argo of corpses, was left drifting about on tho sea. 44 We had good food and good water ; we grew stout again, lusty, and strong. A moon passed nwuy, and thou we saw land, and a city of tbe white men. The city was called Porto Bello. We were sold there. My master took me up far into great mountains, where there was gold. The gold was down iu the earth. The slaves dug holes iu the sides of the teep liills. Wc crawled into these holes. We dug aud ham mered in dark place® uuder ground, and white men with whips lashed us if we stopped to rest. But I louged and pauted again for rivers and the sea. I grew weak, and my arms were soft and thin, and a spirit whispered to me. and 1 put earth and clay into my mouth, and swallowed theiu. Other slaves " did the same, and slowly thev died, and How back to Africa. 1 wanted to die, and I ato much clay. I was very sick anl weak, but they flogged me with whips, until I crawled into the holes, digging and hollowing under the earth for gold. At last — " 44 At last," said Captain Garbo. 44 you have got so far with your story, that I may finish it for you. Being on a visit to see some of the gold-mines of Daricu, the overseer of one of them told me that he was losing almost all hie negroes <>f the disease or superstition, peculiar, I believe, to those Africans, nud called 4 dirt-eating.' Ilepointedoutto Wooroo there, as one of them who was dying the fastest, and, on ray speaking to him, he told me what he has several times repeated, that he was a great swimmer and a diver. So, such bciug the case, and being then, as now, much engaged in the pearl fishery, I bought the fellow for a trifle, took him down to the coast, and I am hound to say that a better hand under water never plunged ovor a boat. As soou as he was afloat, he recovered his health and spirits fut : and now, I suppose, there are not two rued, white or black, iu tho fleet, that the fellow could not grasp iu either of his hands, and smash their heads together." As soou as liis master had interrupted him, and hade him cease epeaking, Wooroo lost all the look of intelligence and excitement which had steamed in his oyea. He gat tike a brainloss statue of black wood. He had per formed his task, and at length he held out both hands towards the spirit- flask, aud ouly muttered — Give tuc the wages you said — make me much drunk." Captain Garbo, without a word, filled a large measure with brandy, and banded it to the savage, who roe with it, and walked to a corner iu the decp-waist of the ship. Passing there an hour after, I saw the brute lyiug inecnMbly drunk, with the omptv mea-urc still grasped in his hand. CHAPTER XXIV. SIT APYKNTUEKS Aiioxti THE I'EAV.I. ri5IIF.ES, ANP MT liSCAri: FHOSI THE n.KET. All this time we were boating gaily up to wiudwaxd in company with our consort, both boats proceeding at much the same rate, and frequently hulling >acli other and sailing nearly alongside. Ou tho third day from that of our departure, we saw upon our right, towering iu great blue masses out of the sea, the high laud of Sauta Martha. Mariners r»ay that it is liighcr than the Peak of Teneriffe, and that when the weather is very cloar there is a certain circuit of the Carib bean sea, not far from hence, where, from the tope of a lofty vessel, you may see at once the distant ridges of Htepaiiiola, the Blue Mountains of Jamaica, and the l'oak of Santa Martha upon the main land. Tbe next day, tho coast line being fur distant, and being cloven, as it were, by the great river De U Hocba, which here comes into the sea, wc saw riding at anchor. in-6horc from us, a kquadron of small shipe. We being still well at sea, the water beneath us was of a deep blue; but where the Fearl Fleet, for such they were, lay, the hue of toe sea was a light green. It was as gloriouB &n; afternoon as over shone under the tropics, as bawling cheerily before the sea-breeze, we ran down for our sister ships, they lying at their anchors above the great bank of poarls. There were fourteen or fifteen barques similar to our own, and at some distance was & stately frigate, which protected them, lying-lo. 44 That is the convoy of the Pearl Fleet," said Garbo; 44 we must first speak to her, aud she will allot our station on tho bank." And, in fact, as he talked, the great main top-sail of the Spauit-h ship was filled, aod her bows, falling off from the wind and pointing to us, she moved slowly out to moot ue. As she drew near, I could not help thinking that this was the same vessel which had chased toe 14 Will-o'-the-Wisp." At any rate, sho had the same richly-carved bows, full of figures of angels and saints, and the same goodly fabric of rigging towering up against the blue sky. Presently, she hove-tb again, our small sails being becalmed under lier lee, and Captain Garbo, with two of his men, went aboard her in tho small canoe which toe barque carried. As for myself, I did not care to trust my nock on board a Spanish man-of-war. Indeed, I kept aa much out of sight as I very well could, pretending to be busy about a thousand tittle matters on board the barque. I noted, however, that the Spaniard bore twelve great guns upoQ either side, besides double batteries upou forecastle and poop. Her high decks swarmed with men, who scrambled over into her chains and out at her port holes, and chatted with toe Spanish part of the barque's crew, and mocked and gibed at Wooroo as lie sat upon his hams on the deck, taking no more notice of what was said to him than the mast. Presently the captain returned with a card in his hand, whereon was inscribed the station of the barque upon the bank. Each boat had its own appointed place ; and toe frigate was there not only i to protect the fleet against buccaneers, but _ to enforce the rules which the Spanish Government, to whom the fishery belongs, lays down to be observed by the barques which prosecute it. The pearl bank extends for a great many miles in length and one in breadth, there being a deep channel about three or four leagues broad between its inmost edge and the land. Our position was towards the eastern extremity of the bank, and so we beat up towards it, passing many of the anchored boats, who hailed us cheerily, and asked what news from Carthagena. As we sailed along, we saw the divers, all of them either Indian or negroes, standiug often upon the edge of the boat's, poising their bodies for a moment, and then plunging licad-foremost down into the sea. Some of the fleet were more deeply laden than others, that depending upon the number of the oyster® which chain ed to lie scattered under each boat. An -onn as the cargo is made up. the pearl fisherman weighs, hoist® liis lug ®uil-. and runs in fur tbe shore ; but if the frigate lire- two nun-, one close after the otte r, lie must lic-lo, until a boat from the hiy ship comes ;:nd gives him leave to proceed. Although the rule, however, i?, that each Wt ft>hes and sail® for itseif, without attending to its neighbours, ye.- the convoy always tries as far us possible to arrange matters, so that the fleet may sail in a body to the shore, the frigate attending tbein to wind ward. If it be suspected that there are Buccaneers upon the coast, the ordinary rule is, indeed, ul together ?asp?nded, and no boat is permitted to weigh anchor until the commodore fires a gun and boists a blue flag at his foretop- gallaiit-mast head, when the whole squadron run gaily together for th e Rauchtera, n? th"- pearl village is called, upon the bank? of the Rio de la Haetia. Wheu wo joined the fleet no dang?r was however, suspected, aud by the time that we liad taken onr ttatiou, and let toe anchor splash from the bow>, about lialf the barque which were deepest in the water had weighed : and hoisting their brown patched sails, scudded away before the last of the sea- breeze. Ab soou as it became dark each boat hoisted a lantern to its mast-head ; tbe frigate showing two, one above the other, ia the fore- top-gatiant rigging. The night was calm and still. Every now aud then wc would hear toe faint- sound of songs coming over the water from distant barques ; and, as hour after hour passed away, it was marked by toe clan? of the srreat sfiiu's bell. Mean- time, on board our barque we were busy preparing for to-uiorrow's fishing. The waste was cleared out, and the decks fore and aft lumbered with the coils of rope and old cftuvas, flung aside to made room for the expected overflow of oysters. Then tbe baskets to be used in lifting them from the bottom of the sea, strong cages of thick wire, all rusty aud bent, were prepared ; the tickle was rigged, and lines were affixed to heavy pieces of lead, furnished with bundles tor the divers to grasp, so as to eink the quicker to the bottom. These preparations over, we cooked and ate our suppers and turned in, leaving but- oue hand ou deck for au anchor watch) as sailors call it. 44 Now," thought I. as, accoiding to my custom, instead of crawling into the little cabins, which were not mtuh better than tho hold of the ship which had carried Wooroo from Guinea. I laid myself down on deck, well muffled up in old sails, to keep the heavy dews away : 44 Now." thought 1, 41 1 have heard of kings and queens who slept on beds whereof the curtains were heavy with poarls, all glittering in their lustre above them, but here um I now, and here be a fleet of us poor sea-tossed mariner?, sleeping upon a bed with more pearl® beneath and around us than there arc in the treasuries and the thrones, and on the royal bod-curtains to boot, of Loudon, or Paris, or Madrid." I know not whether the kings and queens whereof I have spoken slept the better for the pearls above tliein ; I know 1 slept well with pearls below ue, being indeed favoured, perhaps, by St. Gieronimo. with a vision in which I saw the Will-o'-the-Wisp sud denly appear in the midst of the Pearl Fleet and engage toe Spanish frigate, Stou' Jeiu, himself, lighting in single combat with the captaiu, aud at length, by one stout thrust, piuning Lira to his own mainmast : when ju®t as I was about lo .spring forward to haul down the golden flag of Spain from the man-of-war's topmast, a loud voice, coming from real flesh and blood lungs, smote ray car, ami. starting up. I raw t'antnin Gari>o aud tor- rest scrambling through the hatchways in their shirts, while the anchor watch was shouting lustily that there wa? a strange vessel rowing with sweeps through the fleet, and that ho had oven beard the muttering of the voices on board of her. At this, I confe>s very willingly, my heart made a leap iuto my inouth. Was my dream a true vision — was Stout Jem, indeed, so near? Wo all hold our peace and listened, but we beard nothin?. It was now quite dark. The night- had got I cloudy, and there were neither i-tars u<»r : moon. The air, too, was quite still, and the tap-tap of the water against the rid?es of overlapping planks on the clinkcr-huilt side of toe boat, as she rooked slowly on the swell, was the only sound we could distinguish. The lights of theother barques were gloaming on the dark ocean, and the two lanterns of the frigate swayed slowly from side to side, as though they were meteors playing amoug toe stars. 44 Tush, Tedro," eaid Captain Garbo, 44 yon fell asleep, man, and dtvamoi you saw a ghost. You deserve to Iv dipped along side. just to waken you." But at that moment we all started, for suddenly there came over the water aloud crash, as of two ship's meeting, followed all at once by a crackling volley of musketry, which glanced bright through the darkness, gleainiug in fiery streaks ovor the black, oily- looking water, and then, muigling with the repoits of the firearms, a great, hearty cheer, such as Englishmen give when they leap upou the decks of an enemy. By toe flashes we saW that one of the largest and heaviest laden of toe pearl barks had been laid aboard by a very long, low-built boat with three ralnng masts, tike those of the vessels which the French call cflottr-rmnvV, and moved by a number of great sweeps, which extended from her sides like the loug legs of tome huge insect of the 6ea. (TO BX CONTCXTTBD.) 