JjEONAKD LINDSAY; OB, THE STOEY OF A BTJCCAXEEE. BT axgus b. beach. HTKOralS 01' 1'KHVIODS CHAPTECS. iMwirf UnW, II'C mu-rator of an. story of the iSImith contuiy. iiitroaocw himTClf totlio rmdoi- «SlfS „fal'iaoflslJorman.rrlrohas Wtcn to the L 7. WnK>fwsin. "> v<. beinif then traity- of i'm, -mrjoa in tte hAldcn orovc wkJIo in t'lC Bar of Biscay I-conard falls overboard ftlrn aloft. ill R.iralc. the riip'H forc-topmost bcio- SSarnr. On this he supports himself for n tiny gffdW OP by oriiruttcil French fclu-a See" to' KVc-.Indie,.'- Fiaiing thet the eaj- <7«n nf tali vertri racans to sell liicn as a slave, lie, JJSthoniwistauceofaa EogliflliMidornimed Wright, /arScd on nocount of the part he had taken iu the SecuUoe of ChM-lc, 1.), c.=c.pM with arms end pro- Tfeions in » small boat when the felucca ueaiw the American ciftst. He comes ncrow a 4'Buccanoer" Element in time to worn it of an impending attack from the >paukrds, whiebis rcpulasd. He joins the ouceaoeer br.Hhcrhoo.l, amoni? whom are mnuy anchshmcn. and meets with many strange adven- "ST-itile Leonard teawayonftcanocexpedition, SjeS'battiflh i-eturn, ntlack and capture the settle ment after h wsvcrc battle, nnd completely route and djppciae tue Bucaneew. CHAPTER VI. sow xj1e DEADLY FETED of THE COAST FASTENS ON ME. Such was the liistory of tbe treacherous Spanish attack which destroyed tbe sottle- inent of the Mannousette. Our iirat care «as to lairn bow tbo parly we had met in fritb were armed, hud great was our delight to find that the lodiaus carried twoguus apiece, nearly all tbo muaketa in the village buriair boon brought into the woods. Beside tberv'i4' . rtimndanco of ammunition. Aftor. a aiiori j'lju'ultation, it wan determinod to take '-in ennoe. and although our number wou'd aomewiiat overload her, , to cro-'s to J he other side of the bay, where we hsd security against being moloatod. gflrinu tiorrioro carefully looked to our pieces," we clambered down the bank, aud ataodln? bv the canoe, unanimously invested Jjtout Jorii with the command of the expedition. Ar the Indiuns used the i paldlvs iuj>t dexterously, thcr wore set to wok to propel . m, and with Stout Jem for steersman we «Qt out. Oti ouc wny. I b?cnu to expsrjenoe a drowsiness, vhwh i hsu oeiorp reJt, out immeaiateij shesli-'J- Now, bowevor, the sensation, amounting indoed to one of impending stup->r, bogan again te oveipower me. My ctio i"c;! n:>on my chest, and T had little, jnatchci of disturbed sleep, in which curious eanfus'.M ideas, and./odd ooznbin&iioxis; of words .and things, seemed to float into my brain, aud which, .when I started np again, which 1 would do every minute, fled away kkc j) bantams, 60 thfit I could not . lor ay lite remember what I had been dream - ioxof tlio moment before. All this time I «tsinward1y urged to speak', I scOmed to Jure, nothing to sty, but still something; forced my tongue and lips to move, and all stonce I called out— " Is that a black corby on the thorn-bush , near the boat's grapnel 7" At this extraordinary speech tbe English- Benin tire canoe turned sharp round to me, sod stput Jem asked what I meant. At his oice.Q! the dreamy herniations loft mo, and I felt ipysclf Washing up to the roots of my 1 hair, V.ud wondering what I had said, for 1 ' remcq/oerid not a word. "itere/1 said Stoat Jem, kindly, 4 'swallow ! this, iny good boy; and. he held me a great flask of spirits. 44 Ton have been breathing over-much marsh., fog on an empty atom-tab, but you'll lire to pay off Jack Spaniard j et." I tojic the flask and held it fo my head, when suddenly the greasy hathern bottle appeared to s well and lengthen, until it seemed a puncheon which I held. A curious nervous feeling came crawling ove'rxny limbs, and my breath grew thick, and my eyes dim. The first taste of the brandy banished those sen sations, a?id the cordial marvellously restored ae. "You mast eat somewhat when we go ashore," suit! Nicky, 44 1 am ravenous ; and then wo will consult on what we can do to take our r.vcage.1 44 No, un; no eat," said Blue Peter, the llosquito I udian ; 44 sleep mosh, Bleep good, smoke pin », and sleep eool and long." Bull i'cit so much better that I fully in- touted t" mako a good diiiner. Wo lauded ia one of t !io bushy coves which abound in the friih «>f the Marmousetto, and which could. not be seen by the Spanianls on the other l>auk. Stout Jom then despatched the Indians to boat, and ordered, the rest pf the patty, u> iv -l iu building a. hut. Nicky and myself, i. iwover, were so weak from want of twd, that wo were excused; and the Dutchman, having some biscuits and sjuok. d beef in his pocket, generously aave uk enough .to make a good yiod. Meantius", Stout Jem, .Black Diamond, and Uciqueer were actively at work. They had twolluch and their long knives, and with these they foiled and prepared sufficieut wood for .their purpose, driving stakes into the earth, and interweaving leafy branchcn, with the sknl <>f experienced foresters. Nioky and I wero then set to work to pull a quantity of coarse long giass which grew upon the bcAch, for beds ; and ono of the Mosquito men ro turning, he kindled a fire, aad began to cook the hindquarter of a fino boar, which he had hot in the wood. Meantime I was plucking tire grus-, sometime sitting by the seaside, for I feit weak and ill. The food Iliad eaten was F no refreshment. My temples throbbed trtraugoly, and my skin was fevered and dry. Then these horrible wandering thoughts beggn tn come again, and I squoozed my head wirh myhunhs, qs though I could tbua drive thi'Mi out. Sometimes I thought I felt again the hot marsh vapour sickeniug the ir : t lien the sea-breeze fanning piei I would ear the clothes from . my chest, and back my long dank hair to let toe blessed cool wind play freely on me and eool my seedling blood. All at oace I saw, under the sliade of a ffttupa i.-oe, a tall stout man, who stood motioulcis, and watched me. Deeming him Spaniard, I would have shouted ont, but ®7 tong.je refused to obey me, aud turning hot and <U-y ? rattled as it were against my teeth, wnile no sound but a low hiss, could I form.. Still the figure stood there ; and now. ?1 ffmmer u of a naked weapon TOich it held. The son being now eotiing. ®£® ,ye carao slanting down, and one of ete quivering through the trees fell full the face of the stranger, aud I saw that it was Walsbe, with his great eyes axuf ;'5 »ne, just, as they glared when the if mangrove canal, and puJJt'4 him down beneath his crunching roth. . 1 ftaod trembling and tearing to pray, the feature were livid and blue, aua the Bunk aud expressionless yet hor- j. bright. Juat at this moment Jc . of the last puffs of the eea- oreazc sh<>ok the trees around, aud the uuliffht failing in & different stream, and uequcrod by other broaches upon the appear- he face gradually seemed to change. JCeaturc r.rtor fe&tnre; melted away, until the agonised countenance .of the. unfortuuate Wnan was gone, and, instencl of it, there teuamed the massive features and pensive firovity of my preserver on board the French- ®an--\\\ right. Jnst then the weapon, which had formerly observed tot glitter, moved. ®au 1 saw the figure heave np a gret.broad ® on ou-2 hand, and point to it witii .the otoor. It was, indeed, the regicide, with the wOtiMepi and the instrument of his deod. 1m j ' a ilea offori, I burst the leaden <Wnaa which soemod to confine mc, and with rushed forward. As I phantom grew di"»tner .diiumer, T fc.0u placed my band upon .its breast ftelt but the gnarled bark of the geuipa whil.-t the axe,, at the samo iustant, fapd to become a branch with clustering uago dnucing in the wind. I grew Erectly sick and faint. "Oh, my God!" I murmured, 14 1 am IpMng mad I My brain is whirling, and my jes make me eee things which arc not !" and upon the ground and sobbed. Pro- ii w,,s somewhat better, and I manned wyaelf. 4- It ia but ft feverish attack/' I thought. ' I will return and try to sleep." "was, however, with some difficulty that I a ut ? limbs felt as if loaded Ui lead, aud the pain of an iuteuse head- rone went like hot iron wires into my brain. Wbon 1 our half- fimshed abode. I w evcrjthing through n sort of haze, and the voices at my car appeared to come from miles away. I was soon placed, lying upon bundles of grass, in the windward aide of the hut, and after that I remember little more of what happened during three uights aud three days. Only I know that my sufferings wero very great; that my mind appeared to ramble as though it wero a disturbed spirit or ghost flitting all over the world. Now, I would seem to bo far away on the pleasant coa«t of Fife. The sun would shine, aud the corn rustic, and the yellow broom by the buraie's banks smell sweet in tho summer's breath. But I could enjoy nought. I was, as it were, seared, and the sources of pleasure dried up. I saw tho forms of pouplc I loved, but I could speak to none. I saw my mother sitting ou a sandy knuwc, resting her head upon her band, and looking over the blueseu. But when I would embrace her, tbcre came darkness and pain, and the vision vanished. Then, perhaps, in my delirium, I would fancy i was at sea; sometimes it was in tho old fisher- boat, the Royal Thistle. No wind would stir, tho sky would be glowing like a heated copper globo, and tho boat would lie moveless as though uuiled to tho unstirrinsr sea. Sud- d?nly my father's eyes would look into mine with a long wan stare, and so would we sit glaring at each other, like famidiing and despairing beasts, white months, ana years, aud ngtH, would appear to conic and go :»tid bring no change. Anon the mood would alter. Thou I was on board the old brig Joan Livingstone, with a merry breeze nud a blithesome crew. The bonny crags of St. Andrew's Bay would seem under our lee, with the ruined towers or" abbeys and churches riring over the green finks, and fading from our sight as wc worked gallantly seawards. But the socne would straightway change to a furious storm in a mia-winter night, with tbe foam of the sea and the snow-flake flying together. Then round the light of the bin uncle there 'would crowd ghastly faces, stating into rhino — faces with shrtgiry, antique Iwurils like the ancient sailors ot &r; Patrick Spciifi, long, 1 »ug sleeping in tho wild North Seu ; nud so nurroundbd by tha-«i» fishy eyes of hapless drowned mariners, I would feel the good brig beom to founder hnneath my feet, bo that I would start struggling op from my bod of gras>, erring out that I wn drowning — that tbo boiling waves were cbuk- TLD was my seasoning fever, as they called, it ; and, though it did nut last longA thanks to the good treatment ami the modi- cinal herbs of the Mosquito men — it left me passiug weak and. helpless. I recovered iuy reason all at onco, as one waking from the stupor of a deep sleep. My hair had been cut close, and my head was tied round with freshly-plucked plalntain leaves, con - 1 stantly drenched ' with . water. I lay upon blankets, bono of which wc possessed when I was taken .ill, and jrny linen was reasonably clean and fresh. The wattled hut was open to the breczp _oa every ade, , and ea it con? tained but one bed store, I guessed that it hod boen given up for .my use and that of my partner, Nicky, as indeed it had. Look ing around, I saw several pots, pani, baskets, and boxes scattered about, from which 1 concluded that the Spaniards had departed, and that my comrades had been able to reoover some of the wreck of tholr property from the ruins of their habita tions. And this, indeed, I found afterwards to be the case. I was too weak at first to cjII out, and so remained in silence, eujoyiug a delicious lan guor, and cool and moist from head to foot. The fever bid thoroughly left mo, and I felt thankful and devoutly glad. Presently I distinguished the well-known smell of the smouldering fire of tho boucan floating into the hut, and soon afterwards, Nicky, with bare arms and grimod hands, entered; his eyos sparkled when he saw mo so mueh re- covered, and presently calling the res? together, they all shook hands with me, and told me to be of good (dicer, for I had fore- reached on the marsh fever, and would soon bo quite hearty. And. so, indeed,, it was. I grew very hungry, aud, being well fed, re gained my strength fast, so that, two or three .days after tho fever left my blood, I was abroad sniffing the cool breezes of the sea. Except two men — both French — who had joined when I was ill, none of the survivors of our original party had turned up ; some of them had no doubt been made prisoners by the Spaniards, others might have started off to tbe eastward, as, indeed, many pre viously intended ; but we feared that upwards of one-half of our comrades were either captives, who .would be forced to labour . in the mines of Cuba, or had already— and the fute of these latter was more to be envied — died withtheir wounds, in front, giving battle to tbe cruel foe. Being little able to work for some time after my recovery, and the rest of the party being enguged in the usual toil of hunting wild cattle, and preserving the meat by the boucan, it was often my habit to take the canoe and proceed in her down towards .the mouth of the bay, ro us to enjoy the fresh and briny breeze which came from tbe uortii- west ttcrubs wc w»»i. »«»« these expeditious more pleasant, I pre pared a must with a fmall lug sail, such as tho canoe could bear, aud I could manage witli ease. Alnmst my firnt trip, when thus provided, was to tbo scene of the late con test. I fouud neatly every trace of a settle ment destroyed. The rude jetty was all but demolished, and over the ruins of the shat tered huts, great crop of luxuriant herbage had grown, from which I often started snakes and venomous insects, such as centipedes and scorpions, who delighted to make their nests iu the holes and crevicos which they fouud in abundance aiuidbt the ruins of our huts. On a sweet spot of groen-swurd, under the shadow of a great spreading tree, there wore rows of little mounds, very green. Here our poor com rades lay buried. The Spaniards, it seems, bad interred their dead, and ou their de parture, which huppeni.'d ou tbe day after I was attacked with fever, all our party had gone across the bay, and laid the dead Baocauoers beneath the mould. Upon the bark of the great tree I was at pains to carve a deep cross : for, though the symbol in Europe be the mark of a corrupt aud idolatrous church, «=till I felt that in the wilderness it might bear a truer and a wider meaning, and point to future (strangers that the mounds beneath the tree covered tho graves of Christian men. CHAPTER VII. THE nUOCANEKBS TUIE OF THE LIPS ON SI101UE, AND DETEMirXE TO 00 AGAIN TO SEA, Searching about the place. I ofteu dis covered little matters, which I stored in tho canoe and brought to our new settlement, such as hammers, harpoons for strikiug fi"«h, fragments of cordage, rope, and canvas ; and twice I dug up from tbo ruins boxes con taining seamen s clothes, which were very welcome to us all. In oue of these trunks I discovered some Spanish book«, including a grammar and dictionary, and of these I hastened to avail myself, inasmuch as I saw that a laiowledgc of this language might 60011 be of the greatest service to me. Neither did my companions grudge that I thus applied much of my time to 6tudy, for none of them knew more than a few words of Spanish, and they were quite aware of the advantage of having one at least of their party couvcrsaul with thut tongue. . Thus, time passed away tolerably plea santly. Tho season for the arrival ot the ships expected to load with the boucan prepared for them at tho village ou the cast ride of the bay, having passed and none of them appearing, we concluded that stragglers from our old company had succeeded in making their way to Jamaica, Tortugas, and other islands, and had informed tho merchants and planters there of tho-nttaekB of the Spaniards, and the utter ruiu of the settlement, adding, very probably, that they were the sole survivors of the massacre. It, therefore, became a quostion with us what to do. The French men were for journeying along the coast to the westward, aud then, watcliiug an oppor tunity to go across to Tortugas ; but btout Jem "told them they might do so if they pleased, but he would prefer an island where his own countrymen had something to say in matters, an opinion which tho rest of the English, as wdl as the Dutchmen and the hnfiui«t who do not love tlic French, joined in very cordially. The Frenchmen, who, to do them justice, wore very good fellows, on this gave up their proposition and swore that they would follow Stout Jem to tho death. "Say you so, inv boys?" cried the Dover mariner. " Then so bo it ; aud what I pro pose is this. Here be nine stout men of us. for I count the Indians as good as white blood. Our peaceful trade in bocf nnd hides, hath been ruined by these occurred Spaniards, eo I vote for tbe sea again." This proposal meeting with a clamour of approbation, Stout Jem flung aloft his hat. 44 "Wc have had enough of the shore this bout, mate/' quoth he. 44 1 want to hear the wind whistle through tarry rapes again, and feel u stout ship dauciug under my feet." 44 Yah. yah," said the Hollander. 44 Wo naal be Zoo Roorers onco more;" and all the company flung up their hats like our leader, and swore tuat they would take deep venpeanco on Jack Spaniard. For my pnrt I was well pleased, for I felt I was ! a sailor, and that I had no busiuoss to be fol lowing a hunter's life ashore. I had not very much to-sta for shooting bullocks, and still less for breaking them up, cooking and storing them ; and, although 1 had always cheerfully takan my turn to watch the boucan fire, my mind would often stray away upon the ocean, and 1 would pant for the fresh sea breeze, and the dash of the foaming brine. As fur my comrade, Kicky, ho was that easy kind of going man, that lie seemed to care very little whether ho was ou land ot soa. He worked, ate, drank, sang, and slept, and then rose merrily next day to go through the same routine. But Stout Jem, who wan the life and soul, an well ae the captain of our party, waa a sailor nil over. Ho had b?ea many years in tho Caribbean sea, was a good pilot, understood every current, and every indication of the weather, nnd moreover, knew by heart every Imxanceriug trick for easing of their cargoes the weasure-ships of tho Don. But before we could go to sea. we mast have a Tcwsel ; aud saving the canoe, wlticli wrs hardly fit for a cruiser, we were as un provided as though we lived on tho top of a mountain. There wns nothing therefore fur it, ar we eouM net go in a ship to the Spaniards but to watt until the Spaniards such a sninlt riiip as we could master, aud afterwards manege. We might indoed have not found much difficulty iu entering an English privateer, runny of whom we kdow were hovering ou tho coatf. ; bat being acquainted with each other tvcll, we preferred in the first place to capture such a small craft as we could man, afterwards making such additions to our crew as might from time to time be resolved on. In tbe meanwhile, we continued to hunt and prepare the flesh of wild cattle and boars, bo that we abould have a good Block of pro visions wheu wc were ready to go to sea. Being, as I have said, always fonder of water than land, I often induced the Mos quito Indians to allow mc to go with them in their oanoe, when thev weut to strike fish and manatee. Generally the Indians permit no one to accompany them in these expedi tions. and if they are forced to allow a white man into tbe canoc, they will pur posely miss their aim at every fish or animal they strike, and so return empty handed. However, I being a great favourite with Blue Fetcr, who had indeed saved my life in the fever'; and losing no opportunity, by such petty gifts as I had it in my power to make, of showing my gratitude, bo made no objections to my accompanying him lind his comrade in many of their expeditions. We used to start before sunrise, Blue Peter in the bows of the canoe and Jack in the stern, both paddling quickly, while I sat amidships in tbe bottom.. No Europeans I fever saw ean paddle bo silently, swiftly, and surely as the Indians on the Mosqufto coast. They hold the shaft of the piddle almost upright, never touching tho gunwale there with, or splashing rudelr in the water. On the contrary, tbe broad part of the paddle dips as clean afro knife, and the oanoe glides with a perfectly smooth and rapid motiou, so that, did you not observe how fast the water ripples by, you would hardly tliiuk you were moving at all. When pursu ing the manatee, our usual game, the head of tbe canoc was turned up the creek to the higher banks, where the shore was sedgy and low, where the mangroves reared their dismal groves, and where the watergraduaUyboomingbrackijhand muddy, there is found floating dud waiving from the banks, the long narrow-bladod grass on which tho manatee loves to feed. The creature we hunted is a harmless b?ast, like a great seal. It is a misfortune for himself that he has tender white flush, tastiug like veal, aud that his skin makes very good thongs and straps, which tbe Buccaneers use for divers purposes. Were it not so, he might float unmolested in tho warm muddy wutcr, nibbling tho6trcaminggrass. as tho lazy current carries his heavy form slowly lip and down the mangrove canals, twinkling his little pig-like eyes, and anxi- minli ii>rlrincr Ins ntunid-lonkinu head, if a cayman rolls with a splash from the muddy bank into the river, or a squatting flock of wild-ducks rise with a whirr from tho sedgy surface of the neighbouring pool. But tho poor manatee, being good to eat, must submit to be harpooned u;id eaten. When wc came to the feedinj?-ground which he love;, the Indians would, paddle with dohble caution, and Blue Peter, who was the striker, would carefully examine his harpoon, anil fee that it lay convenient to his nand. The spear used for capturing the manatee i> about 8ft. long. Tho iron barb, a heavy and sharp piece of metal, is attached to the thicker end, and to the other is fastened a circular knub called tho bobwood, round which is wouud a strong line, one end of which is fast to the bobwood, the other to the iron of the harpoon. When tbe weapon is flung, the barb alone sinks into tbe crea ture's flesh, the staff cominsj unloosed from the iron, and the line rapidly unwinding from the bobwood, as the stricken creature dives in its a irony and fear. The Indians ikon poddte sfter'the staff, and having seized it, gradually wear out the strength of tbo game aud kill it. I shall not Roon forget the flrat manntee hunt I saw. We embarked at early dawn, and glided silently along tbe green 6hore, from which the mist of the night was lifting and rolling in white clouds far up the moun tains. After long skirting tho mangrove wood, we turned from the main channel into a narrow creek, slipping along in perfect silence. Listen as I would, I could not even hear the water at the canoe's bow, her mould wuh so perfect, and so steady the strokes which propelled her. The drip of the water ; from the paddles as they were lifted alone made a flight tinkling sound. The sea breeze had not yet begun to blew, and the sun came down scorchitigly upon tho tangled wood aud the green water, tbe surfaco of which glanced like bright, clearoil. Presently Blue Peter laid his paddle noiselessly down, and took up the harpoon. I looked anxiously ahead. Clustered round tho truuk of a vast mangrove, which rose up out out of the water, there was a tangled heap of soaking ! grass and weeds. The kueeling Indian crouched as if he were a graven imago of ebony or bronze, aud I saw the floating weeds move, and heard a grinding, splutter ing 60und as of a cow grazing. Then tho Indian moved a finger of his left hand, which ho had kept outstretched; his comrade at the stem saw the sign, aud a peculiar sweep of the puddle sent the canoe slant ingly towards the weeds. As she diverged from her course, Blue Peter stood erect, nnd raising his right arm, with all the muscles swelling out like knots and lumps of iron, darted the harpoon, as it appeared to me, into the centre of the mo ring weeds. In stantly there was a great splash and plunge, and tho cauoo rocked upon a wave, which scattered the floating herbage, so thai I saw disappearing in the water the broad brown back of a creature as large as a cow. Blue Peter, the instant he struck, sank again upon his knees, and en&tohmg; up the paddle, prepared to move. Meantime I could see nothing of the harpoon, for it lmd been carried under water. The Mosquito men then talked to each other in their own tongue, pointing to the direction in which the manatee appeared to have dived, and then began to paddle lustily. About five minutes might hare elapsed, when Blue IVtir ex claimed . 4 Ho !— there aud pointed. 1, looking in the same direction, descried the staff ot the harpoon seeming to fly along the Rurfnco of the water, the round bobwood throwing up a foam -jft. hteH. Thou the Mosquito-mea pulled hard in eWc. I uould never have thought that their gauut, brown bodies hud so much strength in them. The muscles of their naked 'arms nnd chests straiucd nnd swelled, tho paddle-shafts cracked, and the cTioe secmcl at every stroke to bo lifted out of tho water. Still they did not gain upon the harpoon tovred by the manatee, but, on the contrary, rather lost, so that I began to fear that wc would never sec cither harpoon or quarry ; but, on a sudden, the motion of the former stopped, aud it floated tranquilly upon the water. The manatee, being fatigued, had sunk to the bottom, and lay there. Wc now paddled carefully up, and Blue lYtcr caught the staff, and began to pull upon the line. Imme diately that the wounded creature felt the smart) it started again. I saw the line vibrate and sireteh out in a direction Qbo&m; of the cauoe ; but, in a moment, Jack, who held the steering- paddle, swept the bows round in tbo direction taken by the manatee, while Bluo Peter fastened the lino to the prow of the canoe. There was a jerk or two, though not so much as I ex pected, and stniighltvay we began to move ahead, Peter crouching in the bows, signing to Jack how to steer. For near a quarter of an hour did the wounded beast drag us through the water, funK'timus so swiftly that the foam whizzed past us — anon changing his course so suddenly, that had not the canoe been steered with perfect skill he would have dragfjed ueuoder water. 'JTien, Iu'k strength be ginning to ebb from him fust, we hauled upon the liue, and gradually doW with our prey, whose blood was now reddening the water. I pitied tho poor creature, us he put his head above the surface, and grunted and nioaucd after his fimbioa. but ho was 60on out of his pnin. Slipping alougsidc of the carcass, Blue Peter passed bis long knife around its throat, and after ono or two struggles and plunges the manatee turned over upon its back, dead. Wc towed him ashore, and securing him to a troy, prcsoutly paddled off in search of more p.itnc of tho same sort. But upon th« whoY. 1 better loved our fishiug cjq>editione than tbe hunt of tho manatee. The poor defencclcs brute always inspired mo witti pity. There is a meekness Birjuv Cl» iflUC' DIIIMI ui.n«i «!». JlQ u1ukc3 no attempt to turn to hay or show fight; but i« slaughtered as unresistingly as a calf, nud the haunts he loved nro the muddy and unwholesome canals among the mangrove swamps. But in spearing fish we often rowed down, the bay to ttic rocky points and ledges of reef which fanned the outer most born of the lagoon. There the clear, blue sea, spangled by the merry strength of the sea?brcezc, rtrctchod inimitably out, and tho everlasting surf flung aloft its clouds of sparkling spray,, high up among the rocks, now and then giving the burhisu taste of the savour of brine. It wns iu the still pools and chaunels, formed by break waters of rock, that the canoe was then navigated. Let the sea- breeze be blowing, nud the .surging swells be" tOBsing in, as h&vd; and fast as they might, there was always . calm water behind the reefs— so culm and so clear ! I might think that I was looking . into the Bwirlings of our trout-pool in the Bal- wearie Dura, but for the bright, jagged coral, and the strange sea- weeds at the betlom, and the still (stranger fishes floating, as it were, in pure mid air, but a fathom down beneath the keel of the canoe. Gliding over these translucent water., Fomctiines scraping the battered side of our sltiff agaiust the rough coral edges ; sometimes receiving a sparkling shower of spray whtn a bigger wave than ordinary buret upon the outside reef, the Mosquito men were in their glory. Blue Peter stood erect in the bow, his black, flashing eyes fixed on the water as though be would note every 'scollop in. the edge of the jagged sea- weed, or every wavy ridge on the bed of white sand, and llis long thin fish-spear darting occasionally down into the flood to be straightway drawn, bending and quivering, back with a noble fish, writhing aud floundering, impaled upon tbo barbs. Always upon these expeditions I kept a good look out seaward, and. often mounted pin-, nacles of rock that I "might have the better view. Once or twice I saw a sail, apparently set on board a small vocscl slippiug quickly- down to the westward, or boating painfully to windward ; but the barques were too far at sea for me to make out aught of their charac ter or country. During the period of my eojourn in His- paniola it was our custom to spend the evening together in the principal hut — that 1 which was first constructed, aud which was of an ample bigness. Here, seated round a great cheat, which served for a table, we smoked our pipes, drank pretty deep draughts of the rich palm wine, aud told in turn stories of our lives and advcutuies. The hut being only wattled, aud that very imperfectly, the strong land breeze blew through and through it, causing the flame of our solitary lump to waver and flicker, and not unfrequently puttiug it out altogether. Wo sat upou htinJIrtii tnfldA «f nnr i-lnthpfl.or he&naof; dried grass, and must, in sooth, have appeared a parcel of strage ragamuffins, with our faces burt to mahogany colour by the sun ; our hair sud beards long, tangled, and matted ; and our clotbon, being coarse doublets and short jackets cut in uncouth shapes, and often red and greasy with the blood and fat of the animals which it was our business to kill. Stout Jem, being reckoned the head aud commander of our party, sat on a kind of settle for a throne, and the rest of us crowded as near the great chest as we could, tho two Mosquito men excepted, who comraouly sat apart squ.itted on their hams, aud tpuaking to each other softly in their own tongue. Sometimes we would play dice ou these evenings, not for money, of which wo had none, but for the carcasses of the cattle which wc had killed aud flnved ; but as the play was always fair aud tic dice true, it was gene rally found that no oue either lost or gained much iu the long run. It was, however, toe story-telliug nights I loved the best. Many of the tains then told were indeed very vulgar aud common, aud unworthy of being recorded. . turning solely upon butcheries of the Spaniards at sou, aud upon great seasons of debauch, after a successful cruise, In Tortugas or Jamaica. Not a tew talcs were told of ghosts and onions, and such extravagances, which the superstitious nature of sailors causes them to believe aud to hearken greedily to. I heard many such histories both at this time und afterwards, aud I design to imert one here, not because I think it at all credible, but because it is a very good specimen of the histories of ghosts, phantoms, and other supernatural appearances which were current among toe buccaneers. This story was told by Stout Jem very solemuly, and listened to with no less eagerness, and in recounting it I will endeavour to put tho matter into toe narrator's words, of which, for an unculti vated seaman, ho had a good flow. Stout Jem called his b story 44 The Legend of Foul- Weather Don," aud to it I will devote the ucxt chapter. CHAPTER VIII. THE LEGEND OF FOC L- V.'iiATHEB DSN. Stout Jem told it thus 44 My story, mates, is a strauge one, and I say not whether it bo true or false. I heard it " in the middle watch, one fine night, slipping down the coast of Porto Rico, and the seamau who told it to us, said, that when he was a boy he sailed with the man to whom the thing hap- Smcd, in a big ship which hailed from rislol. That the spirits of tho dead walk tbe world — ay, and sail the seas — is a thing I cannot say nay to. 1 cannot tell you that I ever saw anything of the sort myself, hut credible mariners and brave and sober men have assured mc of things which have made my marrow creep, and the hair stand up, all bristling out of my flesh. Well, then, about this story. The man to whom the adventure happened, w as by name Ned PurriK, a mariner. It must 1m nigh tixty years ago siuce ho sailed out of the port of London oa a trading voyage to the coast of Guinea. Purvis was then s vounker, there being little better than a year hincc he bad followed tbe sea, and this was hi first voTBge abroad; "Ho having under taken i in £he ship df his uncle, a good old man, of a mild disposition, aud well loved of tbe crew. Ah for Nod Purri. he was a reckless ruffling V.ade, that care-l neither for man nor devil, when JiLs blood was up, and who thought hut litfie nf tbe glimmer of a drawn curias, or the flash <»f a Distal, in a quarrel. But, a.s I told you, mates, the old man, the captain, was mild of speech and of heart, and greatly loved liis nephew, nn«l thought much of the lad's ppunk and wild spirit, fio they sailed southerly, us bocumc navigators, bound ns they were to trafldj for spices and rich oils and gold with the blacks "f Africa. 44 Having )o?t Mvht of England, they had prosperous winds and pleasant weather, and nought occurred until tlic seventh day from that in which they saw the lost of the white cliffs. Then tlioy were just moving through tlic water and no mere, for the breeze was but a puff, and the nun going down, when all of a 6udden they saw a boatwith a man in it, so clo&e; aboard tbat you might toss a biscuit into her. It was curious, mates, tbat almost all the mc n on deck saw her at once, when too was, as it might be, alongside; and vet no one- had seen her upproachiug. I3ut strange as that was, com rades, it was nut bo strange as the cut of the boat, and, for that matter, the cut of the ra'in iu her. The stem and stern of tho craft were very high, afld ended in curled bite of carved wood. Her gunwale, too, was all carved and sculptured, m such a way a you may have seen the pulpits and choirs of cathedrals and abbeys, aud euch buildings in England and France, and tho Low Countries, being very artificial work done with gravers and chisels. "Ned Purvis remembered afterwards, when he saw a great Spanish painting of Christopher Columbus, lauding on his second voyage upon the i»laud of Hispaniola, that tho admiral Bailed in a barge, carved and ornamented after toe fashion of that of which I am now telling you. And tbe man, mates, looked as old as hi« boat. He had on h high couical hat, with, a feather iu it, and ho wore a grave-coloured doublet, of an old fashion, with slashes in the the arms, and brocaded flowers embroidered thereon. Round liis neck was a Etiif ruff. He had ml tto<-kirur-. ai.d great baut-hes of ribbon in his nho.-s. The face of this htrange person was Bovero :; :d grave. He had no moufitachois, but a into peaked beard which fell over bis frill. Every now and then be smiled with a strange, wild expression, which was that of u hitter F-.ierr: and his eyes shot a sparkling light, which was stony and cold, and from which men turned their beads, os if by instinct. Well, then, the cap tain, when lie saw this queer criiiw-.T, seemed fascinated, and gazed upon him, a6 you may havo seen small birds on 'the boughs gaze at snakes, whose eyes glitter out .of the gra6s beneath, and presently, .the man in tbo boat wared bis arm, as n signal to tiiOHO on board to take him in. Well, no one atirred but Ned Purvis, and before the old oaptoin could prevent him, Ned flung a rope to the'strauger,' who straightway caught'hold .of it and modrit'ed on dock. j4 4 Whore is your captain V says he, in a hollow, harsh voice. " The old man comes forward, as pale as a corpse, and quoth lie — ' 4 In the name of God, what want yc on board my ship (' 44 Now, at toe name of God, Ned Purvis thought that the strange man started and shpok; but he replied not. onlv taking too oil captaiu by the hand, pointed to his boat, which was towing astern. 4,4 Men, said toe old mariner, faintly, 4 ho will not be denied ; get his boat aboard.' But the crew slunk together iu a body, and murmured to each other, hut put not a habd to rope or tackle. Thou Ned Purvis stood forward. j4 Who are yon V said he, 4 and why \- ahbuld we take you or your boar aboard ? 4 4 You yourself asked me,' quoth , the strange umn 4 you flungthe rope ; bat for that I should have floated past you. I never oorne but where some one welcomes me.' )4 Now, at tbia, Ned Purvis confessed that he felt like a great Firmer, aud all the men turned, round and lookrd first at him and then at the strauger. But Ned plucked up courage/ and determine:! to giro them all bfld words. So be walked up to toe stronger, and said — 44 4 Well, I did heave you a rope ; no true-hearted mariner would see a man adrift upon tbe ocean, end . not offer him rescue. I care little what you be. If you are our fellow-creature, we have done but our duty in saving you ; if you be not, why, we are honest men here, having no crime upon our consciences, and wc defy the devil uud all bis .works. Come, shipmates, lend a bond, and heave the old gentleman's barge aboard. It's the captain's orders, and orders must be obeyed.' 44 And eo, after a little grumbling and murmuring, toe boat was hove aboard, mid placed between the masts. ' There was neither fopd nor water in hpr, and ber bottom, was, as foul with barnacles and Fca weed as if ;siie had drifted ten times. round the world. Meantime, the stranger . and the captain went below, and toe men . stood in a group round the cabin, but tliey could hear nought of what took place there, and presently they retired to their usual posts. Well. Ned Purvis was in the first watch, and when it at dark be was standing leaning against le main chains, wondering at the strange event of toe day. when the captain touched him on toe shoulder. '44 4 Xevvy !' saya tbe old man, 4 know you whom you have brought aboard into this whip ?' 44 4 Why, undo/ answered Nod, some what taken aback at this address, 4 ought wq not to take aboard any man wc nud starving in a boat upon the ocean, more tlun a week's sail from land?' 44 4 Ay, nervy,' quoth the old captain, 4 any man, but not any phantom ; it ia more than a hundred years siuce the passenger you brought ou board this unhappy ship was a man !' 4 Do yon know him thai, uncle? says Nod ; 4 have you over seen before F 4,4 Ay, boy/ replied toe old mariner; once, when I was a youth, he boarded a clap in which I tailed, as lie did ours to day. 4'4And what. did he?' asked the young sailor, his heart fluttering within him. 4 Raised storms/ raid the elder Purvis, , caw before, and bad hoped, until now, never to see again.' 44 Then, in the name of God," says Ned, clenching his fiats', 4 as I brought him on board, I'll pitch him overboard, and I'll begin with his boat firct.' Aud so saving, he began to make fast a tackle to toe curled prow. 44 4 Hold, hold V said Captain Turvis ; 4 he must go by his own free will, or he will not go at all.' 4 4 4 But who— who. iu tbe devil's name, is lie, undo?' shouted Ned. 44 4 He is a restless phantom — a wondering, unquiet spirit,' says the old seaman, with his voice trembling, and bis grey hair all dank with the cold sweat. 4 He was a cruel cap tain of Spain, who, holding a high command in Hispaniola, wrought great cruelties to the natives, ond even to his fellow- countrymen, amazing thus a great treasure, which he buried in one of the small keys or desert islands" of the Western Indies, to wait an opportunity of conveying it to Spain ; at length this seemed to hove arrived, and in a stout vessel he set sail for the -treo>»U!v island ; but on the voyage a terrible fever fixed upou him, and having partially re covered, lie found his memory so gouo that be could not rccal to bis mind any signs by which he knew either the itoiud, or the pari of it where the treasure lay. Notwithstanding, however, he would, continue to cruise for weeks and weeks among the cluster called toe Virgin Isles, to the east of Porto Rico— never Bleeping, so they said who railed with him, but always standing on toe highest yard, gating wistfully for his treasure he bad buried. At length Lis crew lost patience, and insisted upou rcturmuir to Hispaniola; at toift he fclTinto furious fits of rage, but at last/ they being obstinate, he swore a solemn eato that dead or alive, be would sail the te a until his treasure was cither found and speut or placed for ever beyond the reach of ynen. Arid then, order- : ing them to put. out a boat, steppfed ,on board, and they lefthim floating, on hundred yeara ago, just as wc foaad him this after noon ' 44 4 But he has l«?cn seen siii'x'/ quoih Ned, after a pausn, for he did no. 1; now what to think of this story. 44 'Twice that I know of,' said his uncle, 1 and once, I tell you, I oaw him, and he came ou board and brought temi>cst with him; they called him "Foul-Weather Dou," and learned men ray ho must keep his oath, in the spirit, if not in the body, aud that he will have no rest till tho terms of it bo ful filled.' 44 4 So he brought bad weather, did he? said Ned, muting. 11 4 For tbe threo weeks he was on board,' nays the old man, 4 the blast never lulled, and the fica rau higher than tbe mainyard.' 44 4 And what did he do all tuat tinic'r' ; cries Ned, agaiu. 4 4 4 He rat in the great cabin,' replied toe uncle, 4 with his back against toe rudder- case, and never spoke word nor broke bread.' 44 4 How did he leave you r' was Nod's next question. "'He rose one evening, justinthetwilight, and ordered the captain to put his boat into tho water, though none of us thought a boat would live in such a sea, and none built by man's hand could. But that one' — and the old sailor pointed to the sea- worn craft, with- ber bottom one bed of weed and barnacles — 4 but tbat one floated like a duck upon the great brcakiug sens; aud presently, with grave courtesy and farewell gesture, Foul- Weather Don stepped to the gangway, and from thence on board his skiff. We saw him once or twice rising on the tops of the great seas, and standing up in the boat with his hands clasped, as ono praying ; tben boat and oil disappeared, and we saw hiin no more. The next hour the gale broke, the sea went dowu, and wc were again enabled to lay our proper course.' 44 4 And what -is Foul- Weather Don doing in the cabin just now ?' says Ned. 44 4 Sitting with his back against the rudder-case, answered Captain Purvis ; 4 and see— look then:!' the old man added, and he pointed to the east, 4 look at that bank of cloud rising from toe ocean — there's toe gale cuiuiug. Before midnight Foul- Wrather Don will hare all his winds blowing about him.' 