j : CbUbren. I !King JPredericIc's Muse, A Story of Three Mysterious Gold Pieces— The Bsward Reoiived by a Dutiful Son. '?How tbe. Dear Old^-Mother's Letter ' ? Touched the Heart 0! Her Sot* ereign-7-Days ot Peace and ' Plenty; ;Thai. ; Came « . ' Because - :a : Lad Honored Hia .Mother. One summer morning, a great many years ago, a boy was lying sound asleep on a bench in - one of . the rooms at' Sans-Souci (the country palace of tbe King ol., Prussia) with all. his clothes on. i Very gay clothes they were, from tho trim blue' Jacket, with its embroidered colls and shining brass buttons, j aown to me smart euoep, wun ineir weii- i polished steel buckles. .But tbe poor little 1 fellows face was not as gay aB his dress by J any means. It looked sadly pale, and as j worn and tired as if he had been up all' night. v So indeed he had, for tough old King Frederick, who could work from- four in the morning till ten' at -night without seeming a bit worse, sometimes forgot that* his poor little page-boy was not as etrong as himself, and would often keep him on duty till Karl fell aeleep from sheer fatigue, just as he appeared to have done now. All at once a bell rang sharply in the next room. At -tbat signal the' page ought to have jumped up and gone in to .receive hia ordera for the day, as he had to the first thing every fcnorning, no' 'matter at what hour he had gone to -bed. But be was so fast asleep that bo never heard it ; and the bell rang again etill. more ^sharply without any answer. ? f * Then tbe door of the inner roon) opened, and out catr'-^r^^ ?? \ , -»»e a* very -^ure *n- 1;' dee». ? It was a small, lean gray-haired old man in a shabby uniform coat and a pair of long riding boots, whioh -looked aB though 'they had sot been .cleaned for a month ; and as if he were not untidy enough already, be had smeared the whole front of bis coat with fauff, which fell off in flakes whenever he moved. His face might have been carved in stone, so cold and hard did: «t look; but in the midst of'it there gleamed an eye so clear and bright -and piercing' that- it seemed to go right through every, one upon whom it rested. But for this commandingglance one would most likely have taken him for a beggar, and have- wondered what businesi such a slovenly old fellow could have inr ihe . palace at all. . But in reality this queer, shabby little old man.was no other/ than Kicg Frederick «f Pros3ia himself. /the greatest General and atateeman in the world^ and famous through out all Europe uqfcer the name of VFrederick the Great.' . One oould see by tho flash of his eye dbd the set of bis bard old mouthy as ho came striding out, that he was very angry at being kept waiting, and that a 'terrible spoldiug * awaited'the'poor little page, .who lay sleeping' there so peacefully, knowing nothing' at -au | aboutlL But as. the King'B eye fell upon' tbe lad's unconscious face his mocd seemed to ohange. - j ?''Hum 1' muttered be, with tbe very ghost of. a smile flickering over his iron face* '-How famously tbe youbg dug sleeps 1 I only wish I codld have such a nap now and then* - One can see that he hasn't got to worry himsielf about governing five: millions of men, or carrying ch war against five nations atonoe. Ha 1 what's thia V- . . - * 3'' ? A crumpled sheet of coarse -papery wh|th ? seemed to have dropped from Karl's band^Vas ; lying on the' floor beside him. The King pioked it up, and these we're the ! 'first worlds that caught his . eye, writtefi in the Ebaky, ittAggUng band, of a very' feeble j old woman : . 'v.- ?* ' | ' '? I thank yod much, my deaf 'ohiid, for ihe money that ybu' havo so kindly e'eni. ihe,- whioh has been a great help.' Take yenjr old motber'd blessing for it, and see. that' yon always do your best to be a worthy and faith* ful ecrvant to our master, the. King, whom ' God bjess and preserve.' /As he read that simple me/sago the soldier-king's grim faoe softened as ;n6.*6nb had ever seen it soften before., PeVnaps-the: memory of his own mother, deft'd year? -ogo, roeo up.in bis mind onoe mbr^-f 'perhaps- be was touohed by the old.wonianV prayer for himself, or by the dispovery- that -this had been the boy's last thought beforo he fell asleep. Were all my subjects like tliat,' he tnur mured; ' 1. should .be. (be lookicst K;ng in Borope. And so hdhas been saving money from hia wagra (and poor eocugh wages tbey are, I am sure)' to send-to Uia mother I , Well done, my 'boy; thou -art a, true rrus siahl' . ;/?; ? \- At that moment Karl znoved- slightly, as if' about to awake. ?«' *?. . ' ? ; The' 'King noticed if, and a new idea ap peared to strike him, which muBt bave been a droll one from the momentary twinkle that 'lighted up bis Btern eyeB.* 'Yes; tbat will ba the. beBt way,' said he to himeelf, 41 and a fine surprise it will bo, to bim.'. - . ' . * ? . ? ?. ? .Stepping b&ok; into tbo room/whencer he had Isiued (Wbicb certainly had very little-' ,, rb;allniaryr' about it, for it was almost aa; ' bare as a- cattlcphed, with no furniture save a battered' deal, tfcble and a broken obair). Frederick hunted fn iho table drawer till he rummaged out a 'w^ll-worn writing oam, from one- ef the pockefr; of which, ho took three gold coinr.*' . ?. These be blipped into tho page's pocket along with tbe.lottet, taking great care not to .awake him in -d.(rii)g-eo. Then ha rang his bell violently ahd'called out :. ' : a«i, come nerei-,v- * Tho sharp, etern volio 'f rfeciaally ronecd oor herd, who. started up at opoe« and drew back in- dismay as bo taw .F/edcfiok's keen '?yes filed upon-him. ? ' u: ?' Pardon, your msjesty,- -pardon 1'' ' ctam mer-d be. ? wm— ' ' ' ♦' Never rnind about that josk Dowj^'inter rupted the Kipg« 'Cjmo in here and get your oYders.' As Kirl sprang eagerly foward to obey.tbe money, whiob bad. been put loeely into his pocket, rolled out again, and fell ringing and obiolnog upon tho Goor. , 11 Hello, young man 1' cried:'Frederi.ck, 'you ought to bo a good dealrioher than I amifynu can afford to fling your mooey about like tbat.' 'Oh, elrel' cried tho boy, imploringly, M I don't know anything about this money, 1 I don't indeed! Homebody must have meant to ruin me by putting It into my jxioket, and tbea saying that £ bad stolon 'No,' said tho King, gravely, 'tbftt money ii God's gift to you, $0 help yoa In assisting y∨ mother. Writo and tell her that 'I know all a\\)ool ber, and tbat I'll tako oarc ol ber, and you, too,'.' » Aud King Frederlsk kept his word. 