THE RELIGIONS OF THE WORLD. A series of lectures under this title have been delivered in Trinity Church, Maldon, on Sunday evenings during the past few months by the Rev. R. W. Cooke, M.A., incumbent, and have attracted a good deal of attention. No. VII.—CHRLSTTANITF.—CATHOLICISM — BRANCH I.—THE GREEK CHURCH. The great missionary command of Christ before his ascension into heaven was " that repentance and remission of sins should be preached in His name among all nations, beginning at Jerusalem." Here then we must look for the cradle of Christianity, for its most ancient seat, and for ths mother of all churches. In accordance with this we find that when the first council of the church was assembled in the Holy City, as - related in Acts xv, it is not St. Peter, nor the beloved disciple, who takes the most prominent place, but St. James, the less, the first bishop of Jerusalem. (Thus when the Apostles and Presbyters are come together,' St. Peter declares the gift of the holy ghost to the Gentiles, Paul and Barnabus declare the miracles wrought among them, and St James, as President of the cotmcil sums ap all that has been spoken, and with authority renounces the decree " Men and Brethren gearken unto me; my sentence is that we trouble not etc." This priority accorded to ita bishop clearly shows that Jerusalem was recognised as the mother church of Ju'dea, and hence of Syria,' Asia, and the whole world, and its bishop as the head of the apostolic band, and the whole church. In treating therefore of Christianity, .it js only rightf to eommence with that great Eastern branch of the Catholic church, in whose jurisdiction Jerusalem is situated, whick never was subject to the Bishop of Rome, and has preserved its independence to the present day. The primitive church in the first centuries was -divided into various great portions known.as patriarchates' In the East there were the patriarchs of Jerusalem, Antioch, Alexandria, Constantinople, and_ in the West, the patriarch of Rome. Their position was similar to that of the Archbishop of Canterbury, who ia practically patriarch of the Anglican church throughout the world. No one patriarch was superior to ths rest, except for the position of honor aocorded to the Bishop of old Rome in the West, and of new Rome (Constantinople) in the East. For over a thousand years from the ascension of Christ, His great prayer that His church might be one, received a literal fulfilment. East and West remained in " one body." Heretics indeed arose denying the Eternal Godhead of the Son or of the Holy Ghost, but as for the orthodox church of Christ, its seamless robe had not yet been ruthlessly torn asunder, "Schism in the body" had not yet developed itself. In those early ages some of the greatest champions of the Catholic Faith, such as St. Athanasius, St. Basil, St. Cyril, St. Gregory Nazianzen, Eusebius the Historian, and the goldenmouthed preacher, St Chrysostom, men. to wham we owe a priceless debt, lived anddied in the churches of Eastern Christendom. A certain division of opinion had however from the first existed on various points between the Greek and Latin ohurches. Asiatics .and Europeans had naturally, different customs and modes of thought' tending to isolate one from the. other. As early as A.D. J60 a controversy had com j — ,lau isuiumenced between the Bishops of Smyrna and Rome, as to the proper date -on which the anniversary of our Lord's death should he observed, whether on the 14th Nisan, .or according to our present mode of reckoning. The rapid rise, too, of various heresies in Egypt and Asia, caused eastern Christians to be suspiciously regarded by the west Twice owing to this cause communion wM broken off, and once the breach was only healed by the condemnation of a Pope of Rome, Honorins, as a heretic by the sixth ocnmenical council of the church, A.D 681 Then came the division of the Roman Empire, into two separate portions, naturally inclining the churches within their boundaries to separate also. The political rivalry and jealousy between Rome and Constantinople extended itself to the two patriarchs, and the neighbouring dioceses grouped themselves respectively around each. Another step towards separation was taken, when, by the conquest of Rome by the Barbarians, the Western Empire fell entirely into the hands of the Germanic Races, and Rome lost its Greek character altogether. Thus as the old Roman world gradually split np, it became more and more difficult to maintain the unity of the church. After A.D. 800, very little intercourse was held between the churches of East and West, and such as there was only tended to establish differences between them. The most important of these arose from the insertion of tbe words "and the Son," after "proceeding from the Father," in the Aicene Creed, for use in Worship, by order of the Emperor Charlemagne abont A.D. 788. In 1014 Pope Benedict VIII ordered the creed to be so used throughout Western Christendom. The only authority these words ever received from the chur.ch was from a small local council held at Toledo in Spain. Hence we of the English Church, who derive our faith from neither Emperor nor Pope, but appeal simply to the Great General Councils, must hold that the Eastern chnrch was perfectly right in protesting all along against a change being made in a Catholic creed by a portion only of the chnrch, at the biddings of a pope and an Emperor. The words themselves are true enough, but they have no authority, and being a stumbling block to the union of the Greek and English churches, it is to be hoped they may be in time removed. As years went by the quarrel between old and new Rome got worse and worse. In A.D. 858 Photius, Patriarch of Constantinople, and Pope Nicholas I. mutually excommunicated one another. Photius having died, the pope degraded from office all bishops and priests ordained by him. After this act of arrogance, all friendship between the churches ceased. But the final act of separation arose from conduct almost equally intemperate on the part of the Greek patriarch Michael, who in A.D. 1053 assumed the unlawful title of " Universal Bishop ' shut np all the Latin churches and monasteries in Constantinople, and in a letter meant for the pope to read, declared that the use of unleavened bread by the Western church invalidated the Holy Eucharist. Rome was naturally indignant, but the pope was persuaded by the Emperor to send throe ambassadors to Constantinople, A.D. 1054, through whom he retorted upon the c t patriarch the charges of error, and told him that unless he recanted, he would receive en irrevocable anathema from God and from all catholics. The ambassadors insisted upon the adoption of Latin customs by the {Eastern church, and behaved with extreme insolence. Before leaving Constantinople, they had the arrogance to lay upon the high altar of St. Sophias (now a Mohammedan Mosque) an excommunication of the patriarch for heresy, and of all who Supported him. As soon as they were gone the patriarch summoned a council, and excommuuicated the Latins in return. Thus the churches of the East and West parted in anger, and have never since been reconciled. Several attempts at union have been made, one so late as 1848, but since Pius IX required the Easterns to submit to the supremacy of the pope, his overtures were of course rejected. Doubtless there have been faults on both sides, but archdeacon (now cardinal) Manning was quite right when, before leaving us, be said " be the faults of the Greek churches ever so great they cannot be laid in the balance against the usurpation of the Bishop of Rome. This attempt of the Roman patriarch to subject the four Eastern patriarchs to his exaggerated jurisdiction is a claim which must throw upon the Roman church the keeping open an inveterate schism." »ut though separated outwardly, the three branches of the Catholic church are substantially one inwardly, one in their apostolic succession of the ministry, one in Creeds, Liturgy, and Sacramental life. The increasing intrecourse between the East , nd West, and an increase of harity may yet bring them to- . _ ~ n J"* arisen", ^d mTnT^^"^"^ her miBsitm-from (LaV„'^'bit hS* in'fellowship; out of t&£r t h e S f ^ S l S England, are alreLdv ci ^ Grl'» Of .late years two ^ ' f visited England, and in the services of our & ^ti pronounced the beuedicS**. We never proselyte fr"° fro ® oari> the Greek LhopTjeZ, ^ ^ a chapel mthe c^nrch^S^ for Anglican priests to il hol f Eucharist in. He also «-»I? btlte >£ R? of an Anglican bfahop t ^ t t countrymen. Several bo??™ !? to? snd. as - the ArmemaSTj? ^ Syrians, have at varions aJr 1^ wTf the orthodox" churdTiEf 8^ first of heresy they one with has now pretty weU d S ^ S chief jnusicnaiy work o f ^ " S Churches was done abont 11th centuries. In £ l f i gariang* 2 Bohemians, llon^" * S tiana wore converted to ftln Greek^monta-Methodi^SS H 1 * the vast nation rfM "added to the cbnreh» missionaries sent by WiHn!™^ h Constantinople, a J e ^ ' ^ i ample of their soverei^n^,. b J>i was baptised A.D. 9S7. vid&f;: * was® most extraordinaryonTfl Ml Greek priesta in his i ^ S ^ S have been glad to perform the VUdimir required the highe^S"?* dignitaries, Of whom in none. Hft could have requS>«« of-an 6f- archbishop ambtiinlinn -f of the ?, GiStl"*®^ r 0 "®®!^ he would not b£ under ^SS?** Greek emperors, so he actuaU -T^fe Christian, finder the 'wa""^ Eif? 81 put up thia —" O God, grant me Thy helnT? town, that 1 may cany fromim^ and pneste to instruct me and I After a cruel siege the citvw.S 1 *" Vladimir was baptised archbishop of Cherson ^f Russia laden with priestiT JS"* 1 * and not least w & T S & f t emperors of Constantinople. ^ITL ,** compelled them to give him in® " 3 Vladimir's enthusiasm for ChrisS^ now tremendous. Pcrnne t l i whiskered, the father of tbe L * stripped of his costly ornaments. S V 1 tailI of a horse, cudgelled bTw™1 totb! soldiers, and flung into i rit t ^ amidst shouts and groans. M * Russia suffered a similar fate. next issued a peremptory cwmirir'J the inhabitants of Kieff to certain day on the bants of tie ftJ!' rece ve baptism. Multitudes aai and, on a signal given by the momrifc plunged into the water, infants h«la»? the arms of their mothers, the apti , ported by the young, and thus thei population became Christian with t cision of a military movement «»i these same centuries a great coatrno arose in the universal church on tl fulness of the use of images i> ^ worship. It had become a custom t ^ light candles, and offer incense bs'm A tures of the saints and martyrs. UjgSj. , j . -j , Z_ • , iuiaiw led to tdnlatrv u-Ifli + : , ldoIatr y w,th the ignoiut fe „ - em P ero / 3 commenced to braid, all images, and at length condecmdta« of any pictures, whether for worsliptrm as contrary to the word of Goi ]£ reformers were called Iconoclasts, to g, our own Puritans, they carried that ml e excess. The western church pmoitejii tures and images, but forbade theirrai The Greek chnrch of the present fcfi pictures of the saints, but forbids tic images. The eastern Christians an viz for being very conservative, and cliirtttU dogmas, services, and ceremonia d fe church with the greatest pertinMhr. i Russia alone this church numbers «j|®S millions of followers, and lias 4 ardbiitoa and 73 bishops, whose duties are ratato same as with our own, except that thetbai .the holy oil recommended by St. jus. The clergy are of two classes, the whM the black, the latter being monks, ail fe former parish priests. Bishops are altm chosen from the monks, who are nnmiriti, whilst the parochial clergy are almji b holy wedlock. In the past there has bra much ignorance amongst the clergy oftii oast, owing largely to the Jlohammak oppressions. They are now becoming an learned and refined. In Russia thej in called Popes, and an higher order oftbm (like our archdeacons) are called Protopo[e. Of the latter there are in Russia 55S, aid c! the ordinary clergy 36,900, besides which -there are the deacons, sub deacons, and ucristans. The black clergy—so called frsm their long black cloaks like Curccbnumber 6556 monks, and 5654 norica; besides which their are 12S convents, emtaming 2464 nunB and 7342 novices. Tin priests and nuns are usually the children c? priests, who tbus form almost a casts Iv themselves. Many remain deacons all tltir lives. If appointed to a cure ol nnk, they then proceed to the priesthood, tat must first be married. The deacon rai!!t marries the daughter of the Pope, aad Exceeds to his charge. A deacon is ordaiiei at 25, and a priest at 30 yean of aie. Hn Holy Eucharist (called the Divine Liturfjl is celebrated with great splendor. Tie ..offices ara abbreviated from the Liturgy d St. James, and arc said in the ancient Son, which is now a dead language. Ibe pnyei are ohanted, commencing on a Ion* note, ssd rising by quarter-tones to a high note st the end. The people do not join with their voioes, and remain standing all the time, there being no seats in Greek churches, lii service lasts about three- quarters of an henr, and the singing is exquisite, although ra organs are allowed. The prayers and Itanies are beautiful and devotional, flwbfflf Sacrament is consecrated behind the chsnttl screen, but is afterwards brought out by tti priest, who gives the blessing, holding it a his hands. The bread and wine ore BUM within the Chalice, and the commnnicanfi, infants included, receive the sacrament a both kinds in a spoon. There is no sennoa, but sometimes a homily is read. Tbe " j1 ' m'ents of the priest are splendid, and tti« fingers only are raised by him in benediction. Each person is put under tbe protwtiou of the angel after whom he is oil" 1 - Such, briefly, are the customs of tbe eastern hurch, which finally raises no objection « he free circulation of the scriptoria- 