TOPICS OF THE DAY. Somo short time sinoo Constable Stephen Tinkler . arrested a 'man namod Charles Stewart, alias Knrigkt, on a ohargo of assault aud robbery. Stewart was committed for trial, and bail was occoptod for his appear- ance at the higher court in two sureties ol L100 each'. Two man named Zimmorooo, a baker, in Ruuoll etreot, aod Brown, a tailor, wcro accopted as sureties by soino magis trate. When Stewart's caso was called un at tho Criminal Court ho did not appear. It was also ascertained that Zimmomau and Brown had alto disappeared. Tho recognizances have been ordered .to bo. ca treated, but it appears that theio is nothing to estreat. The magimrate who accepted theso two per sons as bail did so without having mudo duo and sufficient inquiry. . There appears to he too much of tins kind of thing doue, and the rcsnlt is that criminals occasionally oscapo Justice. MrPantoa, P.M., invariably .reoognisos tho fact that good and sufii- oiout bail < should bo . forthcoming. To-day, when ball was applied for an behalf of John . Lardner, arrested by Detectives Ward snd Macmtuiamy on a charge of assault and robbery, Mr Pan ton fixed tho bail lo two aureties of L300oooli, such sureties to bo approved of by Ward and Macmanamy. This is tho proper method of dealing with cases of this kind, and other magistrates should take note of this. The dctcctivo offico was visited to-day by a large number of persons who were deshous of seeing tho stolen jewellery discovered at tho shop of Mendolowitr. ana Howitz, 71 Bouverio street, Csrlton, yester day afternoon; also tho jowcllory discovered by Detectives Whitney and Fryer in tho University Gardens yesterday afternoon. A statement hod appeared in tho morning journals that tho jewellery wonld bo on viow this morning at tho detective offico for thoso who had missed or been robbed of watchos or jewellery. This was an error, aa tho jewellery is at prcscut locked up, and will not bo on view at tho Dctcctivo Office until Saturday next. There is nothing really of interest fresh to report in connection with these arrests. Dotcclives ILtnnon and Fryer to-day found tho house whero Thomas Carroll lived. It is situated in Carlton, near tho University grounds. Tho detectives searched tho nou80 thoroughly, but did not discover anything of an incriminating nature. It is a peculiarly iortunato circumslanco for the thrcu men arrested yesterday after noon for tho burglary at Mr Hansiow's that Detective Bannon could not get at his re volver whilo the fellows had him down on the floor, on his back, throttling and be laboring him, Had Bannon been ablo to get his revolver front his hip pocket one or two of theso men would certainly havo been shot. To-day, Bannon feels very atifT and sore, and bears on his throat tho marks of tlio scvcro "throttling" ho rceolved. Two of tlio morning trains on tho St. manner. Tlio H.24 up, and the 8.30 down trains wcro detained, oiio on each sido of tho level crossing at South Melbourne station, owing to a lorry, on which was a large boat, being stuck right ucross tho rails. Tho lorry wns drawn by half-a-dozen burses, whoso efforts to pull it' across proved futile for nearly a quarter ot an hour. A littto inconvenience was, of course, caused to somo passengers nuxious to reach town or St. Hilda, but tho trains wcro delayed scarcely 1G miuutcs in ul). Tho Federal, steamer, fromNowcistlc, re ports after having pawed Caho, a heavy westerly gale, with violent squnUn cud high teas. Tho T'tus, steamer, from tho aatno port, says whon Hearing Cliffy Island a strong westerly wind sprang up Willi heavy rain, and increased to a sovcro galo, with fiercu squalls, until reaching Capo Scbanck. A painful accident happened to a young man, named James M'Vcigh, a resident of Milton street, West Melbourne, to-day. Ho was working at tho West Mclboarno Swamp Reclamation Works for Robb and Co., con tractors, shunting ballast waggons, when his right leg was caught between' tho buffers of two waggons and badly crushed. Ho was taken to tho Mclbourno Hospital, and ad mitted by Dr W. J. Craic. Tho arrivals in tho Bay this morning com prised tho Federal and Titus, etoatners, from Ncwcnstlo ; tho Coogco, from Launcexton, and tho Casino, steamer, from Portland and l'ort Fairy. Old Mariey's ghost made its annual Christmas Kvo appcaranco in tho City Court tliis moruing. It was followed by tho ghosts of Ciirislmns.Fast, Christmas. Present and Christmas-Yob to Coino. Ail theno appari tions marched past. ' and inado themselves known to tho Bench. Christmas-Fast revealed numerous fceblo or dissipated and worn-out old women and decrepit or vicious old men, whoso record showed nothing hut a wasted and misspent lifo. For years |mst they havo been a burden and an eyesore to tho community, dracfflng out a iniBoroblc existence in tho publio gardens and cutters of tho city. Christmas-Present was represented by tho swarm of clicck-inatcd hurgturs, tho "pushes of city chokers," and tho aemzens of Little liourko and Littlo Lousdalo streets. Christinas yet to como was foreshadowed by tbe many pitiable and crying juveniles, almost infants, who wcro described as " ncglocted children." Mr Kano pleaded for ono of his clients on tho ground that " to-morrow Is Christmas Day." Mr Panton allowed most of tho glioatly train mentioned to go and cat their Christmas dinnor in gaol or tlio benevolent asylums. A lad was brought before tho Bench for throwing stones in tho main streets of tho City. Mr Only once. Mr Panton : Well, I won't spoil yonr Christmas holiday this time. But tako care." Thus passed away Christmas Kvc in tho City Court. Stcamor To Aiinu, front Now Zealand direct, duo in Bay to-morrow moruing. Tlio Box Hill and Dnncastcr Elcctrio Tramway, wfio Imvo imported nn electric tramcar from the Thomson -Houston IClcctrlc Company, of America, will open their tram way for trnlflc ou Christmas Day. This now car is fitted with two 15 iiniso-powcr motors, fixed on tho axles of tiio car, and of sufficient power to propol tho car andnnothcr fully loaded up tho steep gradients on tho Doncustcr tramway. Tlio body of tho car in liko to that used by tiia Molbonrao Tramway Company. It was manufactured by tho Brill Car Company, of America, and is fitted witli nn effective din- play ol electric lights. Owing to thepnlHiig up of thepormnnciit way closu to Doncaatcr by tlio .South Doucastor Fatnto Compiuiy, thu tramcar will nob run further than Whittou's lone. It has boon decided to fino Constable Callander, at present stationed at Bruns wick, aud transfer him to another district, it will ho recollected that Cidloudcr was charged with performing his duty as a con- stablo in a negligent and perfunctory manner. During tho Inquiry, it trauspired that Callondcr had mudo una of somo very bad language, indeed. Tho result is as abovo stated. O.FLM.5. Austral, for London, from Sydney, passed Wilson's Promontory at 7.40 this moruiug ; reach Bay during tho even- lug. An Inquest was held by Dr Youl at tho Mclbourno Hospital to-duy, respecting tlio death of Francis Edward Canton, 30 years of age. Evidonco was givou to tho effect thntduceasodwastlirownfrom s carriers wag- ganctto an Friday last through a collision with another vohiclc. Ho had keen drink ing. Tho causo of death was fractured ribs and delirium tremens. Tho jury returned a verdict of accidental death. Somo Individual, whoso ideas ovidently are not in accord with tho fitness of things gene rally, has soot Superintendent Sadlclr a peculiar lottcr. This person states in hU lottor that a porson who recently joined tho polico forco owes him L7. If Superintendent Sndlefr cun got tho money for tho debtor, ho is to ho allowed LI for Ids troublo. This genorous offer lias bccu "declined with thanks." Tho mnsio at St. Goorgo's Church, Carlton, will partako of thu usuul festive character on Christmas Day. At 11 Mozart's Grand Twelfth Mass, Plumpton's O Lovely Voices of tho Sky, anil tho Adcsto l'hlnlos, will be sung by Misses Malier and Mitchell and Messrs Fuller, Williams, and Josonhs, and an augmented oholr. Mndamo Cariotta Tosca will preside at tho organ, and Mr Alfred l'lumpton will conduct, Tho Military Brass and Rccil Band of tho Tramway employes, under tho conductor- tthipol Bandmaster E. G. Chapman, will play tho following popular selection oa tho Ksplauado Bench. Albert Park, opposite tho Hotel Victoria this (Wednesday) ovcuing, at n o ciock i. Aiaren, lapircoina ; "z. Waltz, A Summer Nicht hi Munich; 3. Grand Christmas noleotion, Yulo Tido;4. Folka Muzufka, Greeting to London ; G. Fantasia, Songs of Italy; (I. Tho Touristo Gallop; 7. Finale, Tho Quoon, His Excellency tho Governor has signified his intention of l»ng present at tho inter colonial cricket match ootwccnN.S. Wales and Viotori&on; Saturday on tho Melbourno Cricket Ground. Wo iiave received from W. H. Williams and Co. a neatly got-up "holiday book," containing a talo entitled Volcauio Gold and otlior ukotohes collaborated by Colonial colcbrltlcs, of an Interesting and readsbio character. - ' It will bo soon, on reforcnoo to our adver tising columns, that tho Rev. W. H. HUlulcslonu, tho well-known singing ovan- gellnt, will givo a song lecture on Christmas night. Uls daughter will render violin uuIoh, nnd i ho choir will sing Christmas enrols,' in tho Hoddle street Baptist Church, Calling- wood. \- Messrs Huddart, Parker and Co., Limited, announce tho sailing arrangements of their Bay Kxcnrston stcamor during tho . Christ mas holidays, as follows : — To-tnorrow Jtnd Friday tho P. 8. Hvguiu will Iravo Port Mel bourne Railway Pier lor QuoensolllI and Sorrento, and on Saturday at 10.30 a.m. for QuocnBcIiQ, Sorrento and Dromsna. Tho Courier und Excelsior will ruu as usual to Portarlington and Gcclong, the former leav ing Queen's Wharf at 10 a.m., and tho Ex celsior at 4 p.m. Tho Excolsior will also make a special trip round Hobson's Bay on Christinas and Boxing Days, leaving Queen's Wharf at 2 30 p.m. Tho Despatch proccods on n special excursion to Schnappcr Point, leaving South What! at 10 &.m. on Boxing Day. Inspector Perry has returned to duty as officer in elisrgo of the City at Ruuoll street polico barracks. Sub-inspector O'Callkghan efficiently filled Inspector Perry's place whilo that officer wax absent on leave. Sub- inspector Hamilton takes a fow day's leave, commencing to. morrow, and will then pro ceed to Ballarat to tako chargo of tho dis trict vacated by Inspector Parkinsoo, who has taken his departure for Sale. Inspector Kennedy, In oharge of tho Dctcctivo office, has been absont on his annual teavo since tlio 0th lust. l(o will return to duty on tho 30th inst. MrU. Newman, jeweller, of Elizabeth strcot, ha just completed tho manufacture to ordor of a magnificent diamond necklet and pendant. Altogether there are somo thrco hundred stones set in tho work tho largest being thrco carats. Tho design Is moat chaste, and tho workmanship oxcellcnt. It will bo remembered that at tho rimo .of tho presentation to Lady Loch it was urged that articles of this class coald not ho satisfac torily manufactured in tho colony. An in spection of tho necklet in question should convinco scoptic of thoir error. To-morrow tho St. Patrick's Cathedral choir and orchestra will render a special iiiueJiaii Hurvicc, uuuer inu uirecuun ut mr W. R. Furlong. Mozart's 12th mass and Tlio AdcatoFidclcswillbosung, with Sianora Coy, Mbs O'lianlon, Sigtior Coy, Mr \V. R. Furlong as principals. Mr E. King will perform tho first violin part. Mr Cbas. oykca presiding as usual at tho organ.- At tho conclusion of tho scrvico his Grnco tho Archbishop will bestow tho Fanal Bene diction. Messrs Shcvill and Co. advertiso an im- Eortant salo of very choico art turnitaro, ric-a-brac. pictures, otc., to take placo on Tuesday next, 30th December. To visitors to Melbourne this afford a splendid oppor tunity to secure splendid furniture. Tho excursion steamer Ozono ran tlio first of tho two trips advertised for to-day at 10.30 a.m. this rnorniug, and will start on tho second— which is for the convenience of business persons and others who intcud spending their holidays at tho seaside) — at 4.30 this afternoon, lcavmg on retnrn from QuccnscliiT and Sorrento at 0.30 p.m. and 7p.m respectively, so that the journey up tho Ray will be accomplished by moonlight. Tho Ozone's time of leaving on Christmas Day, Boxing Day and Saturday, witl bo 10.30 a.m. each uay. A band will bo on board on Christmas and Boxing Days. Tho London "Shipping and Mcrcautilo Gazette" is not a humorous publication any more tban shipping strikes aro humorous proceedings. And yet, last month, the former gave nn account of one of tho latter which consisted (says a leading London journal) of a perfectly plain statement of foots, in tho highest degree humorous. Hero it is " Ou Saturday, 8th November, whilst engaged in discltargrag a timber ship at a port in tlio South of Ireland, tho men struck for higher wages, which tho ownori ot tho cargo conceded. Later in tlio day a member of the firm went down to the ship, . to seo how matters stood. Ho found tho work going all right, but failed ta rccogniso tho faces of tho men. On inquiry it turned out that tho gang who iiad struck, and had got tho advance, ro-lct the job to other men at tho old rate, and thon retired to a neighbor ing public house to liquidate tho uuearued increment." 