"THE WEDDING NIGHT. SWoa?ms sometimes wondered why Miss St. Sauvour had not married. Mfennever did. Possibly they were awnro that she' could have married whenever she chose. In this they were right. It was Claverbouso's opinion. He at least did not imagine that the offer he had just made was at all a novel thing to her. Nor did she take it as though it were. " She liad a habit of frowning a little at times-a fiown that brought her fine dark brows together. 'She frowned in this way now while she. looked at the young man tontemplatively out of her yellow-bromgn c' cs.' " I cannot picture to myself why a man like you should wish to.marry a woman like inme. I am not duictile, hot malleable. I have not the qualitiesothat mank a good wife-for such as yOl " ' ". Claverhouso shrugged his shoulders. ' 1 love yo." "Oh, yes. The old- story." "Meanwhile you do not answer me." " Well, I answer' you now. Aid in 'a way which, to-a degree,,surprises myself. You want me to marry.you'? I will do as you wish.".:'' i i. Never, surely, was there astrangercourt ing. Claverliouse would havet wished to draw her to him, but something in her mien forbade, approach. .Whether, she loved him would have been a question he could have asked hiinslf verypertinently under the conditions existent. But he did not put the query to himself. She con sented to marry hin. And for the rest, he loved her. This fact alone filled the horizon for him, suffused it with a glamor in which all other issues showed shadowily through a veil. When news of Claverhouso's anticipated marriage reached'his friends it occasioned a wondering murmur, He had been deemed an eccentric where women were concerned: almost a misogynist. In many other ways lie was unlike other men. As a boy lie liad been a dreamer; as a youth at college lihe had been called "Miss Claverhouse" until lie one day quietly knocked down a big fellow in whose mouth the appellation had most frequently been. He had a skin fair as a girls, and his frame was slight, tall and delicate. lie had travelled most of his time. He had never taken any active part in life whatever. He spoke little, and his mode of address had some thing of the drawling gentleness of a very feminine woman. People did not fre quently affect to understand him. Gener ally, the verdict concerning him would have been that he was exceedingly easy going and harmless. And why should Miss St. Sanveur care: o marry tlhis fashion of man? He ha,: money, to be sure; but so lihad Miss St. Sauvour, now. Time had been when she had not had, and that only shortly before. But a belle she had always been; and ia beauty too according to those whose taste was conceded to be t'lat of the connoisseur. No., .It was inconceivable that she should want .to marry a man who was "so de cidedly a Miss Nancy " Yet, inconceivable or not, the wedding day drew nearer. It was felt to be, by the friends of both, another eccentricity that the marriage should take place in Florida. Why had they not come home for the cere mony? But Miss St. Sauveur had not wished it. She had always, for the matter of that, been given to strange caprices. And as for Claverhouse, what cared lie ? rThere was a full moon, and through the yellow whiteness suffused by it a light in a boat moored on the river hard by glowed dully red. t?A man had been waiting in the shadows down by the river for an hour-for two hours-then three. The lights in the house lhad seemed to him to be about to burn for ever. Through the mellow, flower-scented warmth of the night there came at intervals an echo of laughter, the tones of a piano, the ringing notes of a song. The man lighted a cigar, waited agair, anid then tossed it away with a mufliee oath. How long would this last ? He took out another cigar. But this he did not light. His quick eye had discerned a moving shadow among the motionless shadows of the trees. It was a woman's shape. His restlessness subsided at once, veered into a steely quiet in which each nerve was tense with purpose and set as iron. " Well-you wanted to see me and hero I am:' The words came hauglhily from under the scarf of lace that half concealed the woman's face. Nevertheless the man gave a short laugh. He leaned back against a tree and crossed his arms. She might talke what tone she liked. She had come out here. She had tacitly consented to meet him, to hear whatever he had to say. If he had lost his power she would not have done that. Had the shadows been less thick heor she must have seen the triumph in his eyes. "Do you think, you are treating mo fairly ?" he drawled. At that the Josephine St. Sauveur he knew flashed out uponihim. "Fairly! Fairly! What right shave you you --to use the word? By what daring do you find yourself hero ?" " We will waive all that. I heard only a week ago that you were to be married. I whs in Mexico, but I managed to get back hire." ,"I am to benmarried in two days from nowA yes." "-' "And Ii". '"You?" ' Yes, I!" He suddenly uncrossed his arms and drew a step nearer to her, The moonlight fell on his face. As she met his compelling glance Josephine St. Sauveur shivered. "Yes, II You love me. Deny it if you can. What are you marrying this muff for ?P" He had caught the involuntary quivering df her nerves and gauged his whole in fluence; but now he saw her react-gather her strength together passionately. "How dare you come hlero and say these things to me ? You I a man who can lie to a woman and deceive and play such a comedy as Satan might blush at ?" "I kept from you the fact that I had a wife when I told you that I loved you last year. That is true. But, as I have since said, I expected at any moment to secure a separation-a divorce. bWellU?" That tremor had seized her again. ' "Well, the divorce is now mine-has been for a month." "What is that to me?" The words were muffled, and thie voice that spoke them trembled. He drew yet a step nearer to her, and she cowered a little. Indifferent, invulnerable, superb, she had found her master, as such women always do. She knew it and he knew it. "Simply this. We can be married now. You have come into money recently, too. That makes it easier. Before you had nothing and I had nothing. It would have been hunger espousing thirst, evon had there been no other obstacle." She laughed cynically, that trembling through all her limbs increasing every moment. "How magnificently, how nonchalantly you say that. You are thosortof man who does not mind living on his wife." IIe made a gesture which seemed to waive that field of discussion also. The taunt left him unmoved.' "Your marrying this fellow in two days 'is absurd," he said. Half of her face was now in light, half in shadow. His commanding eyes plhusged into hers. She made a desperate movement to ward him off, to protect hlerself from her own weakness. But he lhad wound hIis arms about her, and all struggle was quenched in a wild kiss. After that shel listened to what hlie lhad to say in motionless quiescence. His plan was bold, swift, sure as himself. Her wedding was fixed for the following night but one. In tlhe confusion shi was to shlip from tile house, to meet tim in the thickets a quarter of a mile down the river, lie would convey her in safety to the nearest coast town, and oni tihe next dlay a vessel seailed lwhich would take them to Hlavana. Thenc they could go to England. The moon had passed her zenith and was westoring slowly when lMiss St. Sauveur approached once more the long open win dows of the house. A tall, slight figure encountered her. "Yonl" she looked at Claverhouse. "I thought you were gone an hour or more ago." "I found that I lhad forgotten something and returned." He stood twirling his hat carelessly in his hand. "Whant was it ? I hope you found it," "I did lot come bRPCk in vain-ll-?." Her hands and lips had grown cold. She leaned toward him tentatively. She had never been lavish with hercaresses. Claver house's kiss grazed her cheek. The chill passed from her. "Absurdl How could he have seen or heard ? " she said to herself. "Absurd !" * * * * "Disher's de bride I " " No, I guess hit's one of them that waits on her." The dusky faces pressed close together on the outermost fringe of the lawn wero accented by wide open eyes and gaping mouths. i'or miles up and down the river it had become known that a large wedding was to take place at Orange Grove Springs that night. The eolcolate- coloured circles of lunnanity waited patiently, but even to its outer limit there presently communi cated itself a consciousness, born of unde fined suggestions in the air, that something was amiss. The music played perfunctorily, paused, and began anew. The white-robed bridesmaids flitted to and fro. There was a stir, a growing murmur, in the house caught up by the house servants and finally percolating to that waiting crowd outside. The bride was goneol Thehridewas gone and the groom had not come. Miss St. Sauveur had gone to her room early in the evening with orders that she was not to be disturbed. And Josephine St. Sauveur was not a girl whom, oven on such an occasion, people disobeyed. When the hour for the wedding arrived, however, and with it the few guests bidden, herdoor was knocked at and, no response forthcoming, finally broken open. The room was empty, and on the bed lay the white dress, the white veil. In the dismayed confusion that ensued no one at first obser-ed that Clavorhouse, too, should have come by this. Iut as the wild search for the bride continued without result it burst upon those assembled below that they were congregated together to witness an occurrence strange idoeed-a marriage at which neither groom nor bride had apeoared. Suddenly a quivering cry rang over the lawn. A small negro boy stood, with goggling eyes, the- centre of a circle that pressed ever more tightly around him, and strange words were those he poured out stammeringly. One or two of the white people cried at first that lie lihad seen a ghost. But the boy, his teeth chattering, insisted thathe had not been mistaken, and, following his stumbling steps, they came to a thicket down the river where, in the checkered moonlight, there gleamed some tling ghostly-the pallor of a motionless face turned upward, and near it a shadowy form, the dead body of Josephine St. Sauvour. There had been a double murder; by whom committed who could say?- The other victim was recognised by one of the guests as an Englishman of great fascina tion and fast life, who had been knocking -.bout Florida for the past two yeare. On a vessel sailing for England the next lay there embarked a tall, fair, taciturn, 'lelicato-looking man, rather boyish of address and gentle of voice. lie wrote his name J. Smith and appeared to be travelling without luggage. Ten minutes before the ship weighed mnchor a little knot of men rowed swiftly to her side. The fair, boyish-looking young man saw one of them climb to the ship's leck. There was an instant's conversation, and then the man wheeled and faced "J. Smith." The latter had already stepped forward. "You are loolking for John Claverhouse, suspected of the murder of Mliss St. Sauvour .nd a-to me-nameless man? I am lie whom you seek. I hoped to get off and dash overboaid a few leagues out. Food for :ishes would be bettor than this. It seems i am unlucky." The man had a hand on his shoulder. "There is no mistake, I guess. You acknowledge the deed ?" Into John Claverhouse's mild eyes - there Lame a fascinating blue light. "t Yee." The man dropped his hand. There was a sudden plunge, an oath from the officer, a rush of many feet over the deck. Too late. When John Claverhouse was borne upon leclc again he had passed beyond the reach: of the law and justico of. earth. "Dead," said the officer. 