BEATRICE New an© tsrhjling tale, CHAPTER VFTT.—(CI)FTTU«BS<?)) tatter BY EIDER HiGGAUD of "eshe"" "-Binjs Solomon's Wines," etc., etc., etc. They went to live ia London, and there he found <bat Lady honoria, although by'far too cold and prudent a woman to ao anything that could bring a breath. ofscanSal on her name, was as fond tif admiration as she was heartless. It -seemed to Km that he could never 'be free from i!he collection of ytraag men who hung about her ekirte. 'Some of them were -very good young fellows whom be liked exceedingly; still, on the wfeole he wonld have preferred to rentals unmarried and assowate with them at the club. Also tbe •continual round of •society and gsing' out brought heavier -expenses on him' than'he could well support. And thus,', little by little, poor <tteoffrey'e &eam; of matrimonial bliss faded into thitf air. 'But, fortunately for himsdlf, he' p08gassed a certain niare of logic and; sweet reasonableness. In time he! learnt to see that the fault m not; Altogether with his 'wife, who was by! no means a bad sort of woman 3n 'her! •degree. But her degree differed from' his ^degree. She had manned for freedom and weaWh, and to ;gain a larger scope wherein to exercise those tastes which inherited disposition and education had given to her, «s she believed that he had married her because she was tfhe daughter of epeer. Lady Honoria, like many another woman of her stamp, was tbe averbred, or sometimes the underbred, product of an overcivilised age and •elaBS. Those primitive passions and virtues en which her husband had relied 'to make the happiness of their married ' 'life simply did not exist for her. The passions had been bred and •educated out of her ; for many generations they have been found inconvenient <and disquieting attributes in woman. \As for the old virtues, such as love <4f children and the ordinary roucd of domestic duty, they simply bored 'her. On the whole, though sharp -of tongue, she rarely lost her temper, for'her vices, like her virtues, were of a somewhat negative order; but the fury which -seized her when she learnt for oertainrthat she was to become a mother was >a (thing that her unfortunate husband never forgot and never wished to see -again. At length the child was born, a fact for which Geoffrey, at least, was very thankful. *' Take it away. I do not <want to see it!" said Lady Honoria to the«sandalised nurse when the little creature was brought to her, wrapped in its long robes. " Give it to me, nurse—I do," said her husband. From that moment be gave all the'; pent-up affection of his bruised soul to j this little daughter, and as - the years j went on they grew very dear to each •] other. But an active-minded, stronghearted, able-bodied man cannot take a babe as sole companion of hisexistence. Probably Geoffrey would have found this out in time, and would have drifted into some mode of life more or less undesirable bad not an accident occurred to prevent it. In his dotage, his old uncle, Sir Robert Bingham fell a victim to the wiles of an adventuress and married her. Then he promptly died, and eight months afterwards a posthumous son was born. To Geoffrey thiB meant ruin. His allowance stopped and his expectations vanished at one fell swoop. He pulled himself together, however, as a bravehearted man does under such a shock, and going to his wife he explained to her that he must now work rfor his living, begging her to break down the barrier that was between them and give him her sympathy and help. She met him with tears and reproaches. The one thing that touched her keenly, the one thing that she feared and hated was poverty, and all that poverty means to women of her rank and nature. But there was no help for it; the chancing house in Bolton Street had to be .given up, and purgatory must be faced, in a flat, near the Edgeware Road. Lady Honoria was miserable; indeed had it not been that fortunately for herself she had plenty of relations more or, less grand, whom she could go and visit for weeks and even months at a stretch, she could scarcely have endured her altered life. But strangel/ enough Geoffrey soon;; found that he was happier than he had! been since his marriage. To begin with,; he set to work like a man, and work h is a great source of happiness to all' vigorous-minded folk. It is not,^ it is; true, a particularly lively occupation to. pass endless days in hanging about law-' courts amongst a crowd of unbriefed Juniors, and many nights in reading ap the law one has forgotten and threading the mazy intricacies of the Judicature Act. But it happened that his father, a younger brother of Sir Robert's, bad been a solicitor, and though he was dead, and all direct interest with the firm was severed, yet another uncle remained in it, and the partners did not forget -Geoffrey in his difficulties. They sent him what work they oould without offending their standing counsel, and he did it well, Then by degrees he got quite a large general practice of the kind known as deviling. Now there are few things more unsatisfactory than doing another man's work for nothing, but every case fought is knowledge gained, and what is more it is advertisement. So it came to pass that within lesB than two years from the date of his money misfortunes, Geoffrey Bingham's dark handsome face and square strong form became very well known in the Courts. " What's that man's name said one well-known Q.C., to another still more well known, as they sat waiting for their chops in the Bar Grill Room, and saw Geoffrey, his wig pushed back from his forehead, striding through the doorway on the last day of the sitting which preceded the commencement of this history. " Bingham," answered the other. "He's only begun to practise lately, but he'll "be at the top of the tree before he has done. He married very well, yon know, old Gareington'e daughter, a charming woman, and handsome top." " He looks like it," grunted the first, and as a matter of fact such was the general opinion. For, Beatrice had said, Geoffrey Bingham was a man who had success written on his forehead. It would have been Amost impossible for him to fail in whatever he undertook. CHAPTER IX. ynux BBAT&ICS; S&SIKBB.; GEOFFREY lay upon his back, watching i the stall patch of sunshine and listening to "the ticking of the clock, as he j.aseed •all these and many other 'events in -sdemn review, till the seriee-culminated ' ia his vivid recollections of tfhe scene of 'that weary morning. " I'm sick of it," he >said. at last •aloud, " sick and tired. She makes my 3ife wretched. If it wasn't for Effie upon my word I'd ... By Jove, itfsj three o'clock; I'll go «nd see Miss Granger. She's a women, not a female' ghost at any rate, thougfe. she is a free-: winker—which," he added as he skiwiy struggled off the coiwfc, "is a.very foolish thing to be." Very shakily, for be was -sadly knocked about, he hdbbled down ithe long narrow room, end through £he door, which, was ajar. The opposite door was also set 'half open. Be knocked Boftly, and getting no -answer pushed it wide and looked in, thinking that he had, perhaps, made some mistake as to the room. "On a sofa placed about two-thirds down its length, lay Beatrice asleep. She was wrapped in a kind of dressing- gown of some eiiqpie blue stuff, and all about her breast and shoulders streamed iher lovely <cuilisg hair. Her sweet face was towards him, its pallor relieved -only by the long shadow of the dark -leshes and the bent bow of the lips. One white wrist «nd hand hung down almost to the rfloor, and beneath the epeead curtain of ithe sunlit hair her bosom heaved «oftly in her sleep. She lodked so wendrouely beautiful in. her rest that he -stqpped almost awed, and gazed, and gaoed again, feeling as though a present-sense and power were stilling his heart to silence. It is dangerous to look upon such quiet loveliness, and very dangerous to feel that pressure at the heart. A truly wise man feeling it would have fled, knowing thatoeeds sown in -audi silences may live ito bloom <upon a bitter day, and shed their fruit into rthe waters of desolation. But Geoffrey was not wise—whe <would have been$ He still stood and gazed till the *ight stamped itself so deqply on the itablets of his heart that through all the years, r to come no heats of ^passion, no rfroste of doubt, and no sense of loss < could: ever dull its memory. j • The silent sun shone on, the -silentj woman slept, andinailencethe watcher, igazed. And as he looked a great fear,; <a prescience of evil <that should come,; t •entered into him and took possession of) Siim. A cloud without crossed the ray; «f sunlight and turned it. It wavered,; s for a second it rested on his breast, • - - flashed back to hers, -then went out:; and as it flashed and-died, he seemed t to know that henceforth, for life tili death, aye ! and beyond, his fate ;and : that sleeping woman's were one fate. It WSB a momentary knowledge ; the fear shook him, and was gone almost • before he understood iits foolishness. But it had been with him, and in after: days he remembered it. Just then she woke, opening iher; grey eyes. Their dreamy glance £elli upon him, looking through him and beyond him, rather than At him. Then she raised herself a little and stretching; out bath her arms towards him, spoke; aloud. So you have come back to me ait j last," she said. "I knew that you would come and I have waited." He made no answer, he did not know what to say; indeed he began to think that he must be dreaming himBelf. for a little while Bhe still looked at him in the same absent manner, then suddenly started up, the red blood streaming to her brow. " Why, Mr. Bingham," she said, " is it really yon? What was i/t that I said ? Oh, pray forgive me, whatever it was. I hare been asleep dreaming such a curioue dream, and talking in my sleep." "Do not .alarm yourself. Miss Granger," he answered, recovering with a gerk; you did not say anything dreadful, only that you were glad to see me. What were you dreaming about f" She looked at him doubtidgly; perhaps his words did not ring quite true. " I think that I iad better tell you as I ,have said so much," she answered. "Besides, it was a very curious dream, and if I believed in dreams it would .rather frighten me; .only fortunately I do not Sit down and I will tell it to yoa before I forget it. It is not very long." He stook the chair to which she pointed, and die began, speaking in the voice of one yet laden with the memories of sleep. " I dreamed that I stood in space. Fax to my right was a great globe of light, and to my left was another globe, and I knew that the globes were named Life and Death. From the globe on the right to the globe on the left, and back again, a golden shuttle, in which two flaming eyes were set, was shot continually, and I knew also that this was the shuttle of Destiny, weaving the web of Fate. Presently the shuttle flew, leaving behind it a long silver thread, and the eyes in the shuttle were such as your eyes. Again the shuttle sped through space, and this time its eyeB were like my eyes, and the thread it left behind it was twisted from a woman's hair, ifalf- way between the globes of Life and Death my thread of life was broken, but the shuttle flew on and vanished. For a moment the thread hung in air, then a wind rose and blew it, eo that it floated away like a spider's web, till it struck upon your silver thread of life and began jto twist round And round it. Ae it twisted it grew larger and heavier, tOl at last it was thick as a great tress of hair, and the silver line bent beneath' tbe weight so that I eaw it soon must break. Then while I wondered what woiild happen, a white hand holding a knife-slid slowly down the silver une,, and with the knife severed the wrappings of woman's hair, whioh fell and floated slowly aw*y, like a little doud toadied with sunlight, till they we*e lost in darkness. But the thread of silver that was your line of life, sprang up "quivering and making a eoand 'like sighs, till at last it sighed itsetf to silence. Then I seemed to sleep, and vhen I woke I was floating upon such a -misty sea as we sew last night. I had lost' -all sight of land, and I could not remember what the stars were like, nor, how I had been taught to steer, nor] understand "where I must go. I ^called to the sea, and asked it erf the stars, and the sea-answered me ttras:: "' Hope has rent her raimeot, and the stars are set' i "I called again and -asked -of the land, where I should go, -and the land' did not answer, but fits sea answered me a second time: "' Child of the mist, wander in the mist, and<in darkness seek'for .light.' . "Then I wept because Hope had; rent her>«tarry garment and in-darkness I must -seek for light. And while I still wept, you rose asct of the sea and!- sat before me in a boat. I (had neverj seen you before, and -etill I felt that -I had known you always. You did not speak, -end I did not speak, but you looked iinto my keert and saw -its trouble. Then I looked iinto your heart,«cd read what was written. And this was written: "' Woman, whom I 'knew before the Past began, and w4om OL -dhall know when the Future is •aided, -why do you weep'rf " Aafl my heart -answered, ' I ><weep because I am lost upon the waters of the earth, because Mope 'has rent' her starryTobes, add in-everlasting darkness I must-eeek for light that) is not. Then your heart said, < Twill show you light,' and bending forward you touched roe on tlie'breast. " And suddenly an agony shook me like the agonies ef birth and de&th;, and the sky was full of .great winged angtis who rolled >up 'the mist- as a cloth,-and drew veiite irons, the -eyes of night, -and there, her ifeet upon the .globe, :and her star-set 'bead piercing the'firmanent of heaven, stood)Hope breathing peace and 'beauty. She looked north and eouth and eaBt and we8t,<then she looked upwards through the arching vaults of flieaven, and wherever she set her eyes, bright with holy taxs, the darkness -shrivelled and sorrow ceased, and from • corwpgption arose the Incorruptible. I .gazed - and 'worshipped, and as I -did mo, again the sea spoke unquestioned.-.- "' In darkness thou ih&st; foundHight, in Death seek for wisdom.' , Then once more Hope rent her tarry robes, and the angels drew tdown aweil over the eyes of Slight, and the saa swallowed me, and I sank till -I veaohed the deep foundations of imortal death. And there in the Balls of Death I Bat for ages upon ages, till at -last I •asm -you come, and on your lips was the word of wisdom that caakes .all things clear, but what it was I cannot -remember. Then I stretched out <iny •hand to greet you, and woke, and .-that is .all my dream." -She ceased, her grey eyes sat wide, as though they still strove to trace ftheir spiritual vision "upon the air _ of earth, her breast heaving and her lips Apart. •".Great heaven'" he said, " what an imagination you must have to dream such a dream as that." "Imagination," she - answered, areturning to her natural manner. "I have none, Mr. Bingham. I used <to; have, but I lost it when I lost—every-, thing else. Can you interpret inyj dream? Of eouese you cannot; it isi nothing but nonsense—such stuff as 1 dreams are made ef, that is all." ' "It may be aozmenBe, but it is beautiful nonsense,'" he answered. " I wish, ladies had more of such stuff to give the world." "Ah, well, dreams may be wiser than wakaugs, and nonsense than learned talk, for all we know. But there's an end of it. I don't know why I repeated it to yoa. I am sorry I did repeat it, but it seemed so real it shook me out of myself. This is what' eomes of breaking in upon the routine ef life by being three parts drowned. One finds queer things at the bottom of the sea, you know. By the way, I hope that you are recovering. I do not think that you will care to go canoeing again with me, Mr. Bingham, There was an opening for a compliment here, but Geoffrey felt that it would be too much in earnest if spoken, so he resisted the temptation. "What, Miss Granger," he said, " should a man say to a lady who but last night aaved his life, at the risk— indeed, almost at the cost—of her own ?" "It was nothing," she answered, -colouring; "I clang to you,' that WM all, more by instinct than by any motive. I think I had a vague idea that you might float and suppbrt me." ' " MIBS Granger, the occasion is too serious for polite fibs. -1 know how you saved my fife. I do not know how to thank yoa for it." "Then don't thank me at all, Mr- Bingham. Why should yoa thank me? I only did what! was bound to do. I would fax rather die than desert a companion in distress, of any sort ; we all must die, but it would be dreadful to die ashamed. You know what they say, that if you Bave a person from drowning you will do them an injury afterwanis. That's how they put it here ; in some parts the saying is the other way about, but I am not likely ever •to do you an injury, so it does not make me unhappy. It was an awful experience: you were senseless, so you cannot know how strange it felt lying upon the slippery rock, and seeing those great white waves rush upon us through the gloom, with nothing but the night above, and the sea around, and death between the two. I have been lonely for many years, but I do not think that I ever quite understood what loneliness really meant before. You see," she added, by way of an afterthought, " I thought that you were dead, and there is 'not much company in a corpse." " Well," he said, " one thing is, it would have been lonelier if we had gone." " Do you think so ?" she answered, looking at him inquiringly. "I don't quite see how yeu make that out. If you believe in what we have been taught, as I thirik you do, wherever it was you found yourself there would be plenty of company, and if, like mo, you do not believe ia anything, why, then, you would have slept, and sleep asks for nothing." "Did you believe in nothing when you lay upon the rock waiting to be drowned, MissKJranger ?" " Nothing!" she answered ; only weak people find revelation in the extremities of fear. If revelation comep at all, surely it must be born in the heart and not'ill the senses. I believed in nothing, and I dreaded nothing, except the agonies of death. Why should I be afraid? Supposing that I am mistaken, and there is something berond, is it my fault that I cannot relieve? What have I done that I should be afraid ? I have never harmed anybody that; I know of, and if I could believe I would. I wish I had died," she went on, 'passionately ; "it would all be over-cow. I am tired of the world, tired of work and helplessness, and all the.little worries which wear one out. l am not wanted here, I have nothing to live for, and I wish that I had died!" " Some day.you will think differently, Miss Granger. There are many things that a woman like yourself can live for—at the least, there iB your work." She laughed drearily. "My work! If you only -knew what it is like you would not talk-to me about it. Every day I roll my stone up the hill, and every night it seems to roll down again. But you have never taught in a village school. How can you know ? I work all day, and ki the evening perhaps I have to mend the table-cloths, or—what do you thinkrf—write my father's sermons. It sounds curious, does it not, that I should write sermons ? But I do. I-wrote the one he is going to ireach next Sunday. It makes very .ittle difference to him what it is so long aB he can read it, and, of course, I never say anything which can offend anybody, and I do not think that they listen much. Very few people go to church in Bryngelly." "Don't you ever get any time to yourself, i then ?" " Oh, yes, sometimes I do, and then I go out in my canoe, or read, and am almost happy. After all, M r. Bingham, it is very wrong and ungrateful of me to speak like this. I have more advantages than nine-tenths of the world, audi ought to make the beBt of them. I don't know why I have been speaking aB I have, >and to you, whom I never saw till yesterday. I never did before to any living soul, I assure you. It is *ust like the story of the man who came uere last year with the divining rod. There is a cottage down on the cliff—it (belongs to Mr. Davies, who lives in the Castle. Well, they have no' drinking water near, and the new tenant made a .great fuss about it. So Mr. Davie6 got men, aud thay dug and - dug and spent no end of money, but could not come to water. At last the tenant fetched an old man from some parish a long way off, who said that he could find water with a divining rod. He was a curious old man with c crutch, and he came with his rod, and hobbled about .till at last the rod twitched just at the tenant's back door—at leaBt the diviner said it did. At any rate, they dug there, and in tea minutes struck a spring of water, whieh bubbled up so strongly that it rushed into the house and flooded it. And what do you think? After all, the water was brackish. You are the man with thedivining rod, Mr.Bingbam, and you have made me talk a great deal too much, and, after all, you see it is not nice talk. You must think me a very disagreeable and wicked young woman, and I daresay I am. But somehow it is a relief to open one's mind. I do hope, Mr: Bingham, that you will see—in short, that you will not misunderstand me." (7b be Continued.) 