?',:/ ?©j^day.; aA\1MQm»\ ?_. Musings by the Way. By ' PHiLANTnnoros.' /.?; . ... ;'-?'/ ;'.'. No. 9. ?? ? ... ? ?-? . ;??' PATIENCE. There are, who.darkliognnd'nlqDe, ' ? Would wish tlie,wbnry night word (fone, \- Though dawning morn would only show ?' ? The seorot of ihtir unknown woe ; Who pray for sharpest throbs of pain, To ease thorn of doubt's galling chain. ??' Only disperfo tho oloud,' they ory j 'And if our fate bo doath, give 'light and lot' us die'. — Keble. Patience, from all points of view, is a moat necessary .virtue. ; Glosoly associated as it is; with hope, it1 enters into all the relations of life— is. necessary in every business. How could we undertake the common occupations which come in our way— sowing, planting, training, and educating, statesmanship etei, etc; ; those and all the other varied duties of life must be conducted with patience and hope. .' Be patient therefore brethren, unto the coming of the Lord. Behold, iha husbandman waiteth for the precious fruit of the earth, and hath long patience for it. . . . Bo ye therefore patient.' (S. James v. 8). It iB all very well to talk of patience to some people;, their, very natures seem opposed to any thing like patience, but it is a most desirable virtue to acquire, a price loss.blessing when fulfilled. But what do we mean by patience ? Like -everything else, wo should find that tho ideas which people ;have. forined about patience, were as .different, as their, complexions 'and ap pearance. .To.soino it conveys no higher idea- than that of ' good-h'urnoured acquiescence in the arrangements of othersj' .??'or -.it may b? a passive endurance of petty .-'discomf orta; but is this true patienco P I venture to think that such a description. of this i virtue hardly comes up' to the standard of. our. Lord, when He says : — 'In your patience possess ye your souls.' ; (Luke.xxi., 19). sPationce, here, is opposed tohaste and excitement. .As the operations of nature are progressive and gradual, ^arid ' are not.fitf ul by leaps and. bounds, . so .too in the kingdom of grace God works, silently and surely, though, to our imper fect judgment it may seem1 Blowly. Itis the deliberation not of iihpotericy or un -. certainty but' of conscious power^ We are alljexcitement, and bustle— compare this ? condition of things with the calm repose and dignity of the workings of 'grace. Does not our daily experience convince ua that no more certain sign of. weaknesar human weakness, I mean— can be' found than in the haste and bustle with which so many of our actions' are accompanied ? Haste produces a Bense of insecurity and uncertainty .causes us to say and do many things which we afterwards ' regret. ' I said in my haste, all men are liars.' There are quite enough things in the world to test our patience, and to discourage H3 without our creating further difficulties and impediments. The terrible power and temporary triumph of evil in the world, the lukewarmriess of the religious and falling away of the well-disposed, the fairit-heaitelneas of good people, the want ?of faith, the unwillngness to believe in the all- sufficiency of grace, the fall of some . and the weakness of others; surely in these and oth.?r ways our patience is sufficiently tried without out raising up troubles' of our own contrivance. When we quietly look around us^and try . to analyse the lives which we arid others are leading, does it not seem to be almost : -ludicrous— if it were not pitiful — to see How. little things, petty and trifling altogether, ?can so easily upset and overcome our patience. Some people are naturally more patient than others— at least as far as outward expressions of dissatisfaction are concerned ; some can endure great pain without a groan; others .will submit to serious trials without a murmur, and yet be completely disquieted by a triflle of another sort. Do we not all know and have . we not all marvelled at the sight of a mother's patience ? I know of no mote wonderful display of the virtue of patience than may bo daily witnessed .in many homes; and yet, notwithstanding this entire unselfish surrender of a: mother's time and strength and love, there may yet, even in such natures, be something wanting to deepen and strengthen the work of the Holy Ghost in the soul. And eo with all of us j there is something more which we sun require, ana which needs to be sought after by an effort on ourpart— as assuredly it will not come without it. Patience is required; not merely in our social relations to one anothei1 and in our business, but to a still higher degree in our spiritual warfare. So many failures, such repeated backsliding* and broken resolves, all these call for patience and endurance, , Without in any way underrating the im portance of exercising our patience in our dealings with others, we should not forget that the greater includes the less, and that if we were to cultivate the 'patience of the saints' (Rev. xiv. 12) a little more than ?we are in the habit; of doing, we should ?find that He who is ' the God of patierjea' ? (Rom. xv. 5) would give us the power of ?submittingwith a patient and ready spirit to many things which now so easily throw us out of balance. Not that I would be understood to imply that it is a matter of :; small impoitiince to cultivate habits of \- ' path nYe in our associations with others; far ?from that. I believe that we cannot too ? much encourage a spirit of selfsurrender ing and patient endurance. Nor do I mean that it is sufficient to merely put up with things because, perhaps, we are too lazy or indifferent to care to trouble ourselves about them. That is not patience, ?Common feelings of courtesy and consider ? .ation for others will often lead us to make allowance for their shortcomings and many inconveniences will be cheerfully submitted to from those we love ; but if this is all, we have to show, we have no right to say that ' in patience we possess our souls.' Patience which will enable ub to sink our own wi3hes,however cherished they may be, which will cause us to be silent rather than say a word that may wound or injure the character or feelings of others, which will make ub willing to submit not in a craven, cowardly spirit, but in cheerful compliance to the Will of God— whatever will enable us to do thtse and even more than things, that is true patience. Oh ! the patience of our great Example. His patient endurance of all which to Him far more than to us must have been most bitter. It was not upon the Cross alone, or during those last fearful hours of mockory and insult, that His marvellous patience was most displayed ; it was in the daily going out and coming in, in His dealings with His disciples and the people all through those year3 of self-forgetf ulness that the patience jf Christ was most clearly displayed. Many of us can display wonder ful courage and patience in great events, in sudden trials or in bitter pain, but how about the little daily torments — tho midges of our life ; it is overcoming these that we show that we understand the Apostolic command ' to run with patience the race that is set before us,' and ' In your patience possess ye your souls.' ' . 