LITERATURE. MARRIAGES, HAPPY AND OTHER- WISE. * Mr. Thiselton-Dyer appears to be ''a snapper up of unconsidered trifles," and to pursue this occupation systematically rather than desultorily. He has dipped into the biographies of a considerable number of more or less distinguished people with a special view to their experiences in love and marriage, has sorted and classified them, but has not made his selections with much judgment, nor succeeded in constructing so entertaining a work as he might have done. He does not appear to have any particular views on the marriage question itself, but has collected together a variety of authentic and occasionally amusing tacts, which will be useful to those who may be anxious to formulate theories of their own on the sub ject As regards the old assumption that matri mony is inimical to genius, that a great artist like Michael Angelo was right in wedding him self exclusively to his art, and that Newton, Locke, Liebnitz, Hobbes, Hume, Gibbon, and Adam Smith were wise in adopting a life of celibacy, there is evidently very much to be said on both sides. The great Duke of Wellington, Lord Byron, the late Lord Lytton, Lord Bolingbroke, Lady Blessing ton Samuel Richardson, Laurence Sterne, Mrs. Hemans, L. E. L.,and Thackeray were all unhappy in their married lives. So were John Milton, Charles Dickens, Shelley (in the first instance), Edmund Kean, William Haz litt, Lord Melbourne, and the Hon. Mrs. Nor ton. If one went abroad for illustrations, the conjugal infelicity of Dante and Moliere would immediately force itself upon our at tention. On the other hand.Mr. Thiselton-Dyer has reminded us of a host of famous men some of them endowed with genius and others with conspicuous talent-whose do mestic lives were undoubtedly happy, these include Scott, Steele, Smollett, Sydney Smith, Thomas Moore, Charles Darwin, John Bright, Richard Cobden, Thomas; Campbell, Sir Charles Lyall, Dr. Johnson, Archbishop Whately, William Godwin, David Living stone, Sir Humphry Davy, F. D. Maurice, Dr. Arnold, the Rev. Charles Kingsley, and the Earl of Beaconsfield. In the 6rat volume of this work its author attributes to Montaigne, and in the second) to Coleridge, the cynical remark " that there is no happy marriage except between a man who is deaf and a woman who is blind." Fortunately, the assertion lacks corrobora tion ; it is contradicted, if not by the voice of I universal experience, at any rate by that of numbers of the best men and women who have ever lived. And Benjamin Disraeli, who, writing to his sister in the days of hie bachelorhood, declared that all tiis friends who had married for love and beauty either beat their wives or lived apart from them, used very different language some years later, when he publicly extolled his wife-who was a remarkably pretty little woman at the. time he married her-as " that gracious lady to whom he owed so much ot the happiness and success ot his life." A notable instance of his attachment to her is related in con nection with the defeat of Mr. Gladstone, in 1867, when the younger members of the Conservative party extemporised a supper at the Carlton, and begged of him to join them. " But," said Lady Beacons field, with wifely pride, "Dizzy came home to mc." And she would add how he ate half the raiBed pie and drank the whole of the bottle of champagne which she had prepared in anticipation of his triumph. She was truiy proud of him, and he was fond of tell ing her in a joke that he had married her for her money, to which she would reply, Ah ! but it you had to do it over again you would do it for love"-a statement to which he always smilingly assented. Indeed, he never lost an opportunity of eulogising hie wife in public, and on one occasion, at a harvest home in Hughenden, lie spoke of her as " the best wife in England.' " Charlotte Margaret.Carpenter, who became the wife of the Great Magician of the North, must have been! married for her singular beauty, which Scott himself has thus de scribed " A complexion of the clearest and lightest olive; eyes large, deep-set, and dazzling, of the finest Italian brown, and a profusion of silken tresses, black as the raven's wing." Intellectually she was ex ceedingly commonplace, and unqualified to sympathise, in any degtee, with her husband s tastes and pursuits, but theirs was certainly a union of life-long affection, and there is nothing in the greatest of bis romances half so touching as the entries in bis diary immediately after her death. " It is not mv Charlotte," Scott writes in one of them-"it is not the bride of my youth, the mother of my children, that will be laid among the ruma of Dryburgh, which we have BO often viBited in gaiety and pastime. No, no ! She is sentient and conscious ot my emotions somewhere-somehow; where we cannot tell; how we cannot tell; yet would I not at tbis moment renounce the mysterious yet certain hope that I shall see her in a better world, for all that this world can give me." The late;Lord Shaftesbury, the husband of Lady Emily] Cowper, who, if she resembled her sister Fanny, must have been one of the loveliest women ot her day, may also be ranked among the happiest husbands of his time. Lord Granville spealis of her as that " bright and beautiful woman who threw so much sunshine on her lord's home, and for 40 years animated his efforts, shared his struggles, and ministered encouragement to him in hiB hours of dejection," Still more emphatic is the Earl of Shaftesbury's testi mony, written in the year 1872:-" To day, my wedding day ! Forty-one years ago was I united to that dear, beautiful, true, and affectionate darling, my blessed Minny. What a faithful, devoted, simple-hearted * The Loves and Marriages of Some Eminent Per sona, By T. F. Thiaelton-Oyer. London : Ward and Downev. Melbourne: Melville, Mullen, and blade. I and captivating wife elie has been and ia to . me ! And what a mother !" j Moat of the readers of Sydney Smith's de J lightful Memoirs will not require to be re I minded of the general suiniineas of his ij domestic lite; while bis correspondence testifies to the happiness of his marital re lations. Who can forget the pleasant in cident of his running into the room, soon after his marriage, carrying in his hand half-a-dozen small teaspoons " which from much wear had become the ghosts of them- J selves," and llineing them into his wife's I lap, while he exclaimed-" There Kate, you ! lucky girl, I give you all my fortune," But what real opulence he possessed in that joyous temperament of his, m his large warm heart, in his exquisite sense of humour, in the kindliness of his feelings, and in that well-furnished, well-balanced intel lect of his. Mr Dyer mieht h«ve composed a spanning c "p« of .he proverb. .Lichl..T «h -*<> | currency «i.l. «K« «° T"!'hive t«r i the many witty things which ^ve been Zv* concerning it, by " eminent persons Montaigne compared the holy state to a bird- cage. Those who are inside are equally anxious to escape from it. Chamfort asserted that "Hymen follows love as smoke follows flame." Bayle likened marriage to a plank after shipwreck, and also characterised it as the tomb of love. In the Bibliotheque Mian. «ho, on present,,* h.m.K .> * oi Paradise. ««. b.i .' Have you been in purgatory . "No" was the reply, "but I have been married." .o whispered to her, "Have yon and he been secretly married V' la another anecdote the actors are also French. A newly married man is about to eet out on a tour *1 a friend remark,, wife will accompany you. Oh, na . answer, "it is a plessure »ip. Jhe > General D'Aubigne. the brave old, "a^n°^ on bis retirement to Geneva took a wife a very young woman, be himwU being U, «i officiating! minister preached a discourse.on the words. " Father fortsive them, tbey know not what they do. . t Most of the proverbs on martiage eee j have originated either with cynical old bachelors or husbands who had not succeecle, in picking an eel outoi the basket ot snakes. Such are the followingIt »s to° ea y marrv when you are young, and too late j when YOU are old." "A man e''jy5a tJ° | days of happiness on earth, when he takes a wife and when he bunes her. All the husbands who are contented with their lot could dance on the back of a plat*. U » difficult to make a good marriage even m a picture." This, by the way, w*s the mot of a wit, who was looking at .he " Seven Sacra uients" of Poussin. «nd observed ihat that which represents the rite of marriage is really the weakeBt picture of the series. . If Mr. Dyer had chosen to investigate the lives ot eminent painters he might added a score or two of names to the list of those whom he enumerates as having been unhappily married. Albert Ducer s conjugal infelicity has almost passed into a PtoJerb> I and it hsdifficultto say from which be suffered most-from the asperity of his wife a temper, or the sordid penuriousness of her disposi tion. If we had never read Brownings fine poem on Andrea del Sarto we might have divined from the portrait tie has painted of himself in Florence something of the sad story of his married life. The wife of Abraham Janssen brought him to poverty and privation. Poor Hondekoeter became a moral wrecK from the same cause; and to make matters worse, the painters Musfrau filled his home with five of her sisters worse than herself. Nicholas Berghem married a termagant, who kept the artist incessantly at work at his easel, and appropriated the whole of his earnings. The wife of Simon Varder Does, after ruining her husband by her prodigal extravagance, deserted him in the hour of his extremity, and left him to die overwhelmed by debt and misery. But on the other hand, there have been many happy and some few romantic marri ages among artists. One of the most remark able of the latter was that of Elizabeth Cheron, distinguished alike as a poet and a pHinter in the seventeenth century. At the mature age of Bixty, Bhe married the bieur le Hay, an engineer of eminence, who was not much younger than herself. She had long felt the highest esteem for him, and gave him her hand with no other object than to invest him with a legal title to her wealth, which j was considerable, for she was one of the meat renowned portrait-painters ot her time in France. As they issued from the church in which the marriage ceremony had been per formed. Bhe eaid to her husbandThen we are at length united, Monsieur, d la boime heure. Friendship in which there » no love demands no more." And they parted at the church porch, each to his ot her re spective home. Without plunging into the controversy which fitfully rages over thequestion " IsMar riage a Failure?" it may be permitted for a re viewer to remark that, the necessary data lor the formation of sound conclusions on such a Uubject are altogether wanting. Unhappy unions are proclaimed upon the houBe-tops. They are themeB of public scandal, and of course tbey lose nothing by the tongue of common report. But the world hears little and sees leBB of the happiness which exists in tens ot thousands ot family circles. Now and then the publication of the diaries and I correspondence of Bome great statesman like | Bismarck, or man of genius like Scott, or exquisite humourist like Hood or Sydney Smith, or of a man of letters like A/phonse Daudet, or of a scientist like Darwin or Faraday, drawB aside the curtain which very properly shrouds the sanctities of home, and reveals to us beautiful pictures of domestic peace and joy; but in generul it >b the miser able partnerships for life which become food for sarcastic comment and conversation, and have given rise to the caustic depreciations of marriage which the French wits more particularly have indulged in, although there is no country in Europe in which there is a greater proportion of huppy foyers than in I that of Montaigne and Moliere. i 