ittoveltet. THE HAUNTED HUSBAND; on, lady Clietwynd's Spectre. **4 By Mns. Habbiet Lewis. ... CHATTER XXVI. AN IMPOllTANT D1SCOVEBY, While Lord Chetwynd, Mr. Tempest and Bisict, the detective, were investigating tho attics of the great bouse for Bome vc9tige ot the recent presence of the " Bpectral" visitor of Cbetwynd Park, Sylvia and Gilbert Monk were arriving at a mutual under standing. Miss Monk had proceeded to her own rooms on leaving tbo drawing- room. She had rxchnnged hor dinner dress of gold colored silk for her scarlet dressing.goon of Indian enshmerc, embroidered heavily with gold. Her glittering topazes Btill Bffung in her swarthy car?. She waa carelessly knotting a gold oord with tassels of (bullion about her waist, when a knock was heard upon t Tl c door of her boudoir. j "It is Gilbert," said Miss Mont. "I know his knock. Let him in.Ragcc^ 1 The old Hindoo woman obeyed, Miss Monk followed her attendant inti her boudoir, just as (filbert Monk wis ad mitted. Ragco locked the door bhind him. "? This is an unexpected plensuro.Gilfcrt," said Misa Monk, ironically. " You hnv; uot been very brotherly of late. I have faiiieil, indeed, that you have avoided mc. Vou't you take a seat ?" f " Thanks," said Monk, lazily, " I ?on't cars if I do," nnd ho settled biaself luxuriantly in a stufTcd lounging dnir. "I noticed that you wanted to scemc.J?e- Bidm, 1 have something particular to sal to you. Where is Itngee V" \ Ho looked nround. The Ea?t Inian woman had curled herself up upon a pi) of hassocks in a distant corner, and evidetly intended to remain in the room througbut the interview. Sho scowled darkly baclat Monk, with a shadow of menace in ler Btcalthy eyes. \ "What I have to say to you, Sylvia," Bid her brother, "is for your cars alone. Yo'd better 6end your woman away." 1 " You can say nothing that I am not wl- Ing my woman should boar," she rcplil, fiercely. " llagee is fully in my confldcro. She will remain." \ "Oh, very well," said Gilbert, snel. ingly. 1 Miss Monk crested her head forward up'i. her long neck as Bhe cried out, with great? fierceness : I " Where is Bernico Ohotwynd?" \ Monk started and changed color. Ho expected tho question, yet when it can! he was not prepared for it. '? "Is sho not in her coffin?" ho oskee making a feeble attempt to recover him ?elf. : i \- " Ah, bah I Do you think to cheat m I still I I know you, Gilbert Monk 1 I knoi ? that Bernice is olive 1 Whero is she, < ?ay ?'? t Monk's courage rose equal to tho oo casion. He had only a woman to deal t with, and that woman his own sister. HI 1 feared not to place himself in her power c since she was in bis. He replied, in an easj tone: It "Lady Chctwynd is now in London." ;( A look of rolief passed over Mies Monk's face. 1 "I had fancied her in ?lil? bou??/' ?hfit< said. "In that case tho detectivo wouldp surely And her.. Whero is she, in Lon- 1 don ?" ' . Old Itagce pricked up her cars. " I decline to tell you," said Monk, coolly. " Sho ia Bate, and I intend tbat she Bhall remain Bafo." Tbo JJindoo woman clenched her dusky hands, while over her witherod face flashed a look of hatred that boded ill for the absent young marchioness. " I suppose you rescued Bernico from her tomb sixteen months ngo, Gilbert?" said Misa Monk, slowly, "Yes," he assented. " Wns sho buried in n. trance <" inquired Bylvia, with apparent curiosity. " It waa a cn?e of suspended animation," replied Monk, " produced by an Indian drug dealt out to Bernice by your own treacherous bands, Sylvia, nnd given to you by tho hng yonder. You see, I know tbe whole truth. Ab you may have Buspected since, I was hidden in your dressing-room all the timo while you were concocting your diabolical plot against Bernico. I saw the contents of tho secrot drawer in your Indian cabinet. I heard your plans, your hopes, your wholo infernal scheme with tbat she-demon yonder. Perhaps you may also have guessed that I took advnntoge of your momentary absence from the room to cbangu the globules you intendod for llornice. You planned that B bc should die. I arranged that she should die only in seeming." "It is as I suspected. Whero have you kept her 1" "That is my secret." Mis 3 Monk's eyes gleamed danger ously from beneath their heavy drooping lids. " What was your object in rescuing her 1" she a?kcd. " That is alsu my secret," Bmiied Monk. "It shall bo mlno also, if I tenr it from your heart I" cried Bylvin. " You intend to enrich yourself at my expense. Yon intend to wait until my marringe day, and then proelolra ?' to Cbetwynd that Bernice lives, and claim a " munificent " You mistake my dewgna cntirelv. I tin. 1 I no Bucb intention as this you attribute to mc. If 1 can prevent it, Chctwynd shall I never know that Bernico lives," replied Gilbert. "You, expect to keep her nlive as n scourge to mc, then! You mean to compel mc to support you through my terror of her!" " Not exactly. And yet I expect you to pay mc a handsome annuity when you be come Lady Cbetwynd." " I will pay you moro when she ia dead." "But I intend that she shall live. Tho truth is, Sylvia," and Monk's swarthy face flushed, "I love Bernice. You have scon Into what a superb beauty she has de veloped. I shall marry Bernice—she thinks that she iB free from her marriage bond by reason of her pretended death rind burial. And I shall swear her to secrecy concerning her post life. She ia a very Puritan, nnd regards her words aa other people do their oaths—aa sacred. When aho is actually mine, and you are likely to return to ling land, I shall take my bride away to some foreign country and there spend my duys. I am not fond of England, and I should like to live in Au?tria. Neither Bernico nor I care for Boeioty. Give mc a good income, nn estate near Vienna, horses, servants, nnd a few friends, and I care for nothing Miss Monk regarded her brother nar rowly and senrchingly. She saw that be was speaking tho truth, but yet she waa not satisfied. " You had no such design as this, Gil bert," she said, "Bixteen months ago. You did not re?cuo her from tbe tomb because you loved her. All this love and thought of life with her in a foreign land is of later date. Why, then, did you rescue her from death! Why did you seclude her and educate her ? You muat tell mo why, Gilbert." " I havo no objections to so doing," said Monk, easily. "The truth will do no harm. I have discovered, through my connection with Scotsby A: Ncwmnu, the Becrct history of Lady Cbetwynd. You remember that thcro was a mystery about her birth. She was abandoned by her father, n wealthy gentleman, who took her to St. Hilda in bi? yacht, nnd left her on that distant islnnd in tho care of Minister Gwellnn nnd bis wife, who brought up the waif ns their own child. The father never came for her. Now, I happened to discover who she is, and the knowledge inspired mc to act as I have done." Miss Monk's brows were knitted, her swarthy face colorless nnd gray, her manner troubled and annoyed. ?' You know who Bernice is I" she ejacu lated. " You have known all this while I I never gave you credit for such depth, Gil. bcrt. Who is Bernice?" " That I cannot tell you. I reserve a few of my secrets for my own especial profit." " Is she an heiress?" asked Miss Monk, frowning. "It is highly probable. lam not ono to bestir myself for a pauper. By the way, how about your mnrriage settlements?" " They are being drawn up by Ihc family Bolicitor. Lord Cbetwynd treats mc most magnificently. My yearly income will be something grand, but then Chctwynd can afford it. He'B rich to embarrassment, you know." " Yes, I know," Baid Monk, arising lazily from his chair and holding out his hand to her in token of amity. " You can depend on mc," be said. "We will both feather our nests handsomely. And now, Sylvia, I must go. I fancy t hear steps on the floor above. That confounded detectivo may be prowling about. I mean to keep my eye on him henceforth. If he's spying, I may a3 well get to my own Again bo approached the door. Old Bagce looked as her mistreiH signiticnntlv. Miss Monk nodded, and the Hindoo hastened to open the door. Without a look nt her, Gilbert Monk strode out into the hall, and the door closed behind him. Ragee shot home tho bolt in tho lock, listened to his departing steps, and faced her mi?tress. "What Is to be dono?" questioned the Hindoo, in n whisper. '* Ib it an alliance. Missy 7" "No—a war to the death I" said Misa Monk, in her fierce sibilant voice. " I am not safe while Berniee lives. She will never consent to marry Gilbert. Sho adores Hoy Cbetwynd. She has plans of her own. She play? tho ghost here to frighten mc. Sbo means to reveal herself in timo to Roy. Sho means to be revenged on mc. I tell, you I'm standing upon n sleeping volcano, lam not safe.' The girl must die I" "Ayo, sho must die I" " When the detectivo leaves, Gilbert will go to London to see Bernice. You must follow him. You must track him to her. Find her, and let hor not escape you tho third time," and Miss Monk's eyes flamed with her murderous meaning. "Be as secret as death, ns cruel as the grave. Remembor, it is my safety you are fighting for." Tho Hindoo nodded assent, with an evil Bmile. And now wo will see how Bernico wns faring. Her meeting with Flack seemed op portune. Sho resolved to Bpend tho night with Mrs. Crowl, and to resume her search on the following day for something to do, and Bomowhcro to stay. Mrs. Crowl was in tbe net of sitting i down to hor supper, when Flnclc arrived with (Bernice. Sho sprang up witU a gurgling ? cry of joy. j " Sit down hero," she said, pushing for eword a choir. "You look tired, Miss iGwyn." a Then hastily removing Bernieo's hat, Bho brought a cup of hot, strong tea. Tho girl look it. caeerly and sipped it. feelintr a. pleasant warmth begin to diffuse itself broughout her system. Mrs. Crowl brought er also buttered toast, and littio wns lid until young Lady Chctwynd had ttcn, nnd a dash of color had come io her iceks and tho old brave light to her brown ' cs ," Thero you look better now,' said Vs. Crowl, setting down tho empty cup. iv'on't you havo a bit of Welsh rabbit or n Thank you, no," replied Bernico. " I want thing more." ?ihe put out her hands townrd tho blaze of {. Mrs. Crowl saw how thin were, d how thin also tho pale young face. She 9-, too, under the girl's pallor nnd weak a the strength of tbe nwnkcned spirit, of filmland noble courncc. of .1 bravo nil I sited nature. Bernice bnd suffered titly since Mrs. Crowl had last seen her, Utiiis suffering had been like the tire w-h Iricn the gold, and she wns to-niulit, dlitc hor weakness nnd fovcrty and frien.l- Itjrss,a brave, slrong-ooulcd, clear-hended wlnn. pckVetired to his garret. Mrs. Crowl cited away the remains of supper, ami n b.iwns improvised upon the dilapidate! silor her use. The lied in the adjoining 1 at was re mnde, and Bemiee retired to UlLm with a canillo. Mr*. Crowl bad cnldly refrained fioni asking questions of Irniitn: l?dy, ix'iibiling n .'elicacy for whi'llerniee. wns grnlefiil. Inice did not lie awake to meditate upon heriventurc? or prospects. S'-ie dropped aslsalniost immediately. And the,, Mrs. Ordorept into her room and examined her poci-book, (liscoveiiiig the solitnry tnrce pen'. that coinpiised Bumice's shield agat starvation. "B has no money lo (au-ape on aga? muttered the veiimnn. it will bo tong time before her funds are 111- S)i took up t,ie light and bent over! sleeper n moment nnd ond then will.w, , Mii'rowl was astir early in the morning. I rJuT-nLllnrnnteil to risa. Vint fonnd herself too weak raid tired and footsore. Tho womnu brunght her tea and toast, nnd afterward In el tea, and about noon young Lady ClutwvnJ appeared in the outer loom, with her hair floating over her shoulders and attired in her travelling dress. Mrs. Crowl brutight a tempting luncheon to her guest, and Bernice partook of it; When she bad finished she said, grate fully: " I thank you for all your kindness to mc, Mm. Crowl, nnd perhaps pome day I may repay It. I do nut like to encroach upon your hospitality another night, nud yet I am hardly able to go out t'J-day iv search of a lodging or situation as governess." Mrs. Crowl was very nttentivo to hor young guest during the remainder of tbe day und evening. Lady Cbetwynd retired early, and slept will. Tbe next morning she arose early, herself once more. She came out to breakfast, and was waited .upon with due respect by Mrs. Crowl. After the meal lleiniee went into the bedroom, pricked her travelling bag, and put on her lint. She came out ready lor departure. " You havo been very kind to mc, Mrs. Crowl," she said, extending her hand. " I am strong enough to resume niy Benrch for work. I cannot remain here longer. I thank you and nguin, and some day I hope to reward vim." .Sue held out her hand, nnd Mrs. Crowl i/rasped it with a lingering pressure. Ber nice moved toward the door. Mrs. Crowl, who had been standing before it, moved aside with an oi'.d smile. Bernice essayed to open the door. It was locked. " What does this mean ?" she demanded, hcrcyi? (lashing. "It means, .Miss," retorted the woman, " that you are a prisoner." Bernice stood amazed, indignant. "Opon Ibis dcnrl" sho commanded, her sweet voice ringing. ?? Open it, or I will nlnrm tbo house I" " Do—nnd sec what ycu'll get by it. Tbo lodgeis. except us, are nil men, away for the day. The landlady is my friend and relative, and will stnnd by tne. Scream— yell—shout. You'll not nlnitn so much ns a ily. You are a piir.oner, Miss, and you may as well understand the fact first as last." CHAPTER XXVII. UtSSET STARTLES LOHII CIIETWYKD. Lord Chctwynd, Mr. Tempest, and Bisset, the detective officer, while pursuing their object of bearching the unused uttica of the house, bail gone from room to room, with their candlc? held high above their heads, examining every nook nnd corner, nud find ing only bare walls and dusty lloois. The young mnrquis had not been sufficiently sanguine to hope to tinl uniier his own roof Borne vestige of the recent visit of the diet wynd " spectre." Mr. Tempest betrayed a keen anx'cty, but be also bad no hope of re ceiving culigiitcnmelit in regard to the mys teiinus visitor whose deelaied resemblance to Bernice—his unowned daue.htur—thrilled him with n desire to see her. Bissct, nlone of the three, was cool and thoroughly self possessed. He led the search, and his U; en glances penetrated cveiy niche and nook and hu stopped to examine footprints in tho dust covering tbe floors with n delibera tion nnd patience that aunoyed his com panions. " You'll mako nothing of those foot prints," said Lord Chctwynd, impatiently, as Bisect took out a foot rule fiom bis pocket and proceeded to measure ouo track iv its length and breadth, nnd to note the measurements in his private notebook. " Some servant may havo rambled through these rooms. That is the print of a inau'B foot, is it not?" " Yib, my lord," said Bisset, briefly. " Such small items as this sometimes don't come amiss in my profession. And these mensiuemcutr, may be of service lo mo here after. Let mc go in advance, tbat I may measure nny other tracks before our own confuse them." He went on in ndvnnce. Tbe first foot print he had measured was that of Gilbert Monk. He presently found another ilis tiuctly defined—the footprint of the Hindoo woman, llngce. There wns no heel-mark to this print. Tho shoe had been flat and wide, nnd Eiaaet knew at a glance, with his shrewd, trained faculties, who had woni it. "1 begin to see light," ho thought. " Everything goes to confirm my theory, prepoatcroua as that theory seems. Monk is the author of the man's footprint; the Hindoo woman is the author of this one. I havo caught glimpses of a third print, but su confased with these two that it cannot readily bo distinguished. If I conld but coma upon a clear impression of the third foot." The wish waa soon gratified. He found distinctly set in the heavy layer of dust the impression of a girl'B slender, delicate, highly- arched foot; and now his faeo flushed and a tinge of eagerness came to his manner, aa he said : " We will go on, if you please." They coutinucd their investigations. And at last, in the very last room they visited, they came upon the ladder which Bernico had left lenning against the trap-door of the low upper gariet which sho had mado her haunt. Biaset's eyes gleamed as he beheld the ladder. He sprang forward and climbed up tbe rounds like a cat, and was in the upper garret. Something in his manner infected Cbet wynd nnd Tempest with likocnergj. They came after him up the ladder into the upper room. It was only n low garret, barely six feet high in its" bight at part, without win down, a mere den. lighted and ventilated through scams nnd crevices in the slated roof. And yet it was seen at the first clnnce tn havo been the haunt of a human boing. There was a mattrcES in a corner, a pillow, and blankets. A bit of broken mirror waa affixed to n rough-hewn post. There were a few toilet appurtenances that had evidently been brought up from a guest-chamber below." " Someone has been here," said Tempest, wonderingly. " And, by the perfect neat ness that reigns here, 1 should judge the inmate had been a lady." " She stnyed here for weeks nt a time," said Ilis3ct, quietly. ?' See here, my lord." He pointed out in a corner remnants of foo.i, bones of fowls, a box of biscuits, and other edibles. The gentlemen examined them curiously. " Dj you think, Mr. Bisset, that the person who has lived in this room in tho Hume who lias performed the part of Lady Chetwynd's spectre?" inquired Mr. Tem pi st, with anxious interest. Bisiet replied in the ntlirmntive. " Khe must bo demented," said tho young marquis, thoughtfully. Bissct did not reply. Ho was flushing hia liu'ht to nnd fro high above his head, nnd dart hit; his inquisitive glances hither and thither. The gleam of something white— a mere roll or bundle—behind a beam over head caught hirt eyes. lie seize-! it and pulled it down. It unrolled, and its silken length full upon the lloor. It wns the burial robe of Liaily Chct wvnil. To" three gentlemen stared at it for a full '. I'hut i. l the robe my wife wns buried in '" od I.fird Chctwynd, in a strange voi'ivT. " I should know it anywhere. And it is Hie dress worn !>v the spectre. Look at the sleeve I" l'.issct lifted into plainer view the small I'm I of the laco had been forcibly torn Tbe officer produced the fragment of lace which Lord Chctwynd had given him, and fitted it to thu original frill. The fact wns apparent at a glance ; the fragment bad been torn from that very frill. ** Was there no other mark upon her lady ship's gown, besides the pattern of the lace, by which your lordship might identify it ?" the officer asked. "No—yes. Upon the evening after our dinner party, as Lady Cbetwynd and I stood in her boudoir," replied the marquis, " the ornaments upon my watch chain be came entangled in tbe lace on tbe inner side of her sleovo. Our attempts to detach tho ornaments resulted in a rent in the lace, an odd little rig zag rent, which Filine, Lady Chetwynd'B French maid, repaired tbe next day. I have never thought of the incident since, until now your question recalls it." "We can soon prove, then, if this be her Indj?hip'a gown," said Bis?et, "Look!" He displayed tbe inner sido of both 1 sleeves. Lord Cbetwynd examined both, and uttered n strange cry, starting back. He bad found tbe little ' rent he bad described, but so carefully darned as to be imperceptible savo to the closest scrutiny. Bissct and Mr. Tempest examined it narrowly. "This is incredible," said the explorer, in sudden agitation. "Are we to understand that this is actually nnd truly Lady Chet wynd's burial gown?" " It is proved by his lordship to have been Lady Chetwynd's robe, worn on her firt>t evening iv this bouse," said Bissct. " But it is not yet proven to have been the gown in which she waa buried." "But it iB thu same," declared tbo mar quia—" the very same. She was buried in this gown—l'll swear to it. She looked in hei Collin like a brido. She had no other white bilk gown out square in the neck, nnd with sleeves liku those. Ask Miss Monk. She knows, und will tell you." "Let us not drag Miss Monk into this business of investigating, my lord," Baid Bisset. " I piefcr" to keep Miss Monk in ignorance of our movements. Is tberc no other who can identify tbe gown ?" " Lady Clietywnd's French maid Filine. She lives iv London. I havo her address somewhere." ??Very well. We will apply in due timo to Mademoiselle Filine,"declared?isset. "But to go on with our work hexe. Your lordship bns proved conclusively that this gown bo longed to Lady Cbetwynd. Your lordship nlso believes thi? gown to have been her ladyship's burial robe. You will be Bbocked, my lord, at my next proposal, but a moment's reflection will assure you of its propriety. 1 desire, in your lordship's presence and the presence of your distinguished guest, Mr. Tempest, to open Lady Chetwynd's cotlln." Lord Cietwynd started. The idea seemed B:icriiee.iuti*. His stern, agitated face ex pressed bis refusal." The explorer looked scarcely less agitated " This ia a mo?t singular proposal, Mr. Bissct," R.iid Tempest, endeavoring to re cover himself. "Why should you seek to distill I) tin* remains of the dead ( I cannot wonder tbnt Lord Cbetwynd refuses to grant your request. I think I never heard so strange a proposal iv. my life." "But these are strange circiimstance? in which we iind ourselves, sir," said Bissct, re spectfully. "There is a fair share of proba bility that this gown was worn by Lady Cbetwynd in her coffin. How, then, did it come out 1 I ilarc not as yet declare to you all my suspicions. What shall I say to you, and not betray too much I Have you never heard of people being buried in trances? Have you never beard of caBcs of suspended animation ? Why should not Lady Chot wynd have been tho victim of catalepsy 7 Suppose she were buried in n trance ?" "It is not posaible," cried Tempest, in an agony. ''How can it be? She was not buried for six days." " There arc well-authenticated iri?tanccs where animation was suspended for a week, or even so long as ten days,"declared Bisset, calmly. '? But she was dead, I tell yon," siid Lord Chctwvnd, brokenly. "Ah I there wns no mistake in that fact. She died of fever con tracted in the cottage of a poor tenant. She knew that she wns dying. She bade bim gond-byc. And wben she had died her eyes became sunken, and the look that the dead have mantled her face. There was a strange blueness about tho poor, pinched face —" He broke down sobbing. Bisset started eagerly. "A hlueness, my lord?" bo ejaculated. " For Heaven's Bake, go on. Did this blue. ness Bettle most heavily under tho oyes and about tbe mouth 7" "Yes, yes. It changed her, giving her a ghnstlincss that haunts mo still." Bisset communed with herself for somo moments. Evidently Chetwynd's wards had produced a vivid impression upon him. At last he spoke : *' My lord, your words but confirm my de sire to look within Lady Chetwynd'B coffin. There is n state of trance characterised by the peculiar blneneaa of the visage you bave nescribod. I cannot tell you more yet, but before God I swear I will lay bare before you, before I shall have relinquished your Bcrvice, a Btory tbnt will thrill you with horror. 1 believe, bo help mc God, that Lady Chctwynd was in a trance when Bhe was buried." Cbetwynd reeled, hia bronied noble fnoo becoming ghostly white. "Ah, what I" bo gasped. "Toubelievo that she —my wife—my little Bernice—died there in her coffin, while I was weeping and mourning for her here ?" "No, no. You do not comprehend mo entirely. She was buried alive—" Tempest echoed the words with nn an- Biiisheit irroan. " Ciietwvnil put up his hands as to ward off a blow. "He conld not speak. " I repeat," Baid Bissct, and the flickering candle-light fell fall upon his earnest face, " that Lady Chctwynd, in my opinion, was buried alive. I believe that, for purposes of greed, or other purposes, she was rescued from her tomb—" " Rescued I" cried Cbetwynd, in a quick, hollow whisper. " Whether she arose from her coffin in her right mind or not, I cannot yet detcrmino," pursued Bisset. " But that she arose from her coffin lam fully persuaded. I bclievo that she. lives—" Cbetwynd retreated to the wall. He seemed about to faint, but his blue eyes burned with n. wild nnd awful fire, and the gha=tliiiesa of his face deepercd. "Shall 1 goon?" asked Bisset, with an anxious glance at the marquis. " I believe that Lady Cnctwynd lives. I believe that it was your own wife you have seen so rc peateilV, n.y lord. I believe that Lady Chctwvnd'aspectro is Lady Chetwynd's liv ing self I ' Tl-e words of Bisset, as he thus declared his belief in the continued existenceo( Lady Cbetwynd, burned like coals into tho hearts of his two listeners. Both Cbetwynd nnd Tempest stood like statues. motionless, dumb, frozen in nn awful horror. The words of the ollicer seemed wild and heartless. Lord Cbetwynd rallied, nnd said : "After what has been said here to-night— preposterous as it seems—l shall never know a minute's peace, day or night, until I have cxamiiif.d my poor wife's coffin. I know not whnt to think. Of course my wife is dead in truth, but 1 cannot rest until I know that her bones lie in the coffin in yonder parish vault. I must know this very night—wit in the hour. Mr. Bisset will, I know, nooom pnnv mo. Mr. Tempest, will you en, also'!" The explorer bowed assent. Indeed, ho longed with a feverish anxiety to prove whether Bernice were ilf ad or no. ? ? w,. will X" in"", gentlemen." said Bisset. promptly. " Our researches here nro epded. Uomc 1" He garnered the silken robe, nil stained and frayed and yellowed and wrinkled as it was, acrosa bis arm, and led tbo way from the attics to the lower floor. Upon thu third lloor they halted to listen. "We must be on our. guard," Bnid Bisset, in a whisper. " 1 do not wish Mr. or Miss Monk .to become aware of our proceedings. It is well to bo as secret as possible." The three men moved cautiously toward I tbeslair. As they halted a moment near tho land ing, listening, Gilbert Monk's head appeared above tuo level of the floor. Monk was struck, nt the first glance, by the counten ances of the three men whom he thus met faca to face, and be stood aghast at sight of tbo burden one of the throe men bore. That burden waa tbo silk gown in which Bernice had so successfully played the part of spectre, and it was still flung across the arm of the detective ollicer. Monk stated speechless. He comprehended tbe scene at n glance. He had not calculated that the robe of Bernice would be found, yet in his amazement his desperate courage did not forsaho bim. "Ha, what have you thcro?" he asked, finding his voice under tho keen scrutiny of Mr. Bisset. "The spectre's gown, I'll ri?k a guinea. Have you found tho spectre herself infreftia persona f" "No, Gilbert," said Lord Cbetwynd; "but we have found evidence that tbe mysterious giri, whoever she may be, has iuhabitated an attic in thia housu for days and weeks." "Indeed,"Baid Monk, coolly. " I shouldn't have slept bo sound of nights if I had sus pected that. For, to tell the truth, I fancy tbe creature Is demented." " We have made other discoveries, also, Mr. Monk," said Bisect, eying Monk sharply. " We found footprints in the dust of the nttic floors. I measured them, and have cometosomu valuable conclusions." "Such as—" " 1 keep my conclusions to enhance the glory of my final announcement," declared Bisset, with exasperating indifference. "jWu snail see what we shall ace. But permit us to pass, Mr. Monk." Monk bowed courteously, and stood asid* 1 unlil the three gentlemen bad renched the floor next lower. Hu then followed them. Arrived upon tho chamber floor, Lord, Chctwynd took the silken robe from Bisset and carried it into tho dressing-room Lady' Chctwynd hud occupied, and locked it in an armoirc. He returned to the hall, whero Tempest and Bisset awaited him, and Monk with tbem. His lordship glanced from Bissct to Monk, who saw that Borne further movement was on foot, and was determined lo engage in it.— ( 7o be Continued.) 