PART IV. CHAPTER I. THE COUNTESS TELLS HER STORY BROTHERHOOD AND PHILIP. The foreign quarter of London with which the public is supposed to he most familiar is in truth the least known of the many mysterious districts of the great metropolis. Soho, in its own peculiar way, possesses as many strange ramifications as the black circle of Whitechapel, which environs the tragic footsteps of the most terrible of modern assassins. The police have the key to many of the retreats in which political exiles and foreign conspirators meet to hold friendly intercourse, and to hatch plots of social regeneration and personal vengeance. But Scotland Yard has no special reason for interfering with the meetings of these continental outcasts, so long as they do not offend the English laws. The liberty of the subject in these islands covers the stranger as well as the native. To plot against the life of poten- tate, statesman, or private citizen, however, of this or. any other country would, of course, bring conspirators under legal restraint ; but it is not the business of the London police to act the part of spies upon political exiles ; and who is to interpret the secret thoughts of the solemn mys- terious men and women who live quiet lives in the regions of Soho, or report to the police the spoken words of their private gatherings ? England, America, and Switzerland have for many years been the plotting grounds of Nihilists and Social Democrats. If it were possible to separate the patriot whose faith and hopes are satisfied hy a wholesome agitation, from the patriot whose bitter political programme is one of danger, dynamite, and violent social upheaval, the Government would no doubt be ready to drawr a hard and fast line on the side of pacific operations as against the violence of revolution. But liberty is compelled to allow a large margin for license, and it is better that an occasional culprit, who might deserve death or life- long imprisonment, should receive the pro- tection of our shores rather than an un- checked despotism should wrork its will upon the high-minded agitator, whose only crime is a national enthusiasm for the regeneration of his country. Arid so it comes about that London, is the sanctuary; of. the political exile, not being actually a.proved murderer liable.to extra- dition ; though it must he confessed that Soho has sheltered many a conspirator who has been associated with attacks on authority entitled, to ; condemnation as out- side the pale of mere political conspiracy. Of su ch'.was more than one of the persons. met together, some two .weeks after the Yehetian fetes, at the Parisian Cabaret, in-; a certain cul-de-sac known as Thomas' Alley, Avithin a stone's throAV of Dean-street. - The Parisian Cabaret was a small unpre- tentious café, at the extreme end of Thomas' Alley ; smuggled away in one corner of it, as if it had been .built'into an unintentional' architectural vacancy--an after-thought in the higgledy-piggledy plan of the' original builders. The- lower part of the house Avas occupied with a largè bow-Avindow and a quaint doorway, with an over- decoration, in the centre of which was a date indicating that the architecture belonged to the picturesque period before the age of stucco andiron. The upper stories were curiously gabled ; and the quaint windows, glazed in much smaller squares than is usual in these days, were prettily decorated with French blinds neatly tied back Avith coloured ribbons. The place had a singularly clean look, and the principal, and, indeed, only saloon for eating, drinking, and dominoes, had a white sanded floor and Avhite painted panelling that were pleasantly character- istic. The . Parisian Cabaret was, indeed, much cleaner and far more agreeable, to look upon than most bf its customers, one or two of whom lived on the premises ; notably, Ivan Kostanzhoglo, who was a moving spirit of that brotherhood in which Anna Klosstock had been enrolled as one of the two women who had been considered Avorthy of its confidence. ' Tvan Kostanzhoglo had been for some time stationed in London as a controlling agent of certain movements that had been made more or less in combination with other sections of the Young Russian party ; but, under orders,' he was about to run the risk of reappearing in St. Petersburgh, where a rendezvous had been settled for himself, Paul Petroski, Anna Klosstock, Andrea Ferrari, and other earnest con- federates. ' .'' ' ' The startling incident of the far-reaching poAver of Nihilistic Arerigeance at Yenice, Avhile it had stiffened the suiweillance of Russian police at all the ports of entry into Russia, and led to numerous arrests in the interior, had exercised a tremendous re- vivifying influence upon the widespread conspiracy Avhich aimed at the overthrow of the Imperial pdAver. The guides and chiefs of the party of action believed in following up the assassination of Petrono A'itch Avith a striking dramatic demonstra- tion at headquarters. It was in connection Avith this so-called patriotic action of the Young Russian party that the private doors of the'small underground apartment, which Avas rented hy Ivan Kostanzhoglo, wrere opened to receive company some two Aveeks after the Ghost of the'Lagoons had startled Venice from its customary repose. Sitting at a round table lighted with a a lamp, were our friends Ferrari, in his shirtsleeves, a loose light coat hanging over his . chair (it Avas a Arery hot night) ; Anna Klosstock, in a simple sober black gown, Avithout coBar or cuffs, her hair gathered up beneath a black bonnet ; Paul Petroski, of MOSCOAVV Avho had kept his faith at the little hotel on the quay at Yenice, and also at the Fazio Palace j lATan Kos- tanzhoglo, á swarthy, thick-set MuscoATite, attired in semi-fashionable French gar- ments ; and three others whom it is unnecessary to name. . ' I claim,' said Anna Klosstock, ' the right to acquaint him with my history in your presence before the final oath is administered to him.' * Madame knows best,' said Ivan, who sat opposite to her, quietly rolling cigarettes and smoking them, as if to do,so was the one chief duty in life. * We know Madame's history,' said Paul. ' Why repeat it in our presence ?' ' Have our friends,' asked Anna, turning to Ferrari and then glancing at the three persons unnamed, ' been made acquainted with our victory at Venice ?' ' ' We only know,' said one of them, 1 that Petronovitch, our bitterest foe, has fallen before the triumphant onslatight of the brotherhood.' . 1 It will give encouragement to your hopes and strength to your arm to hear that recital. I count it a part of. my duty to record unto you an ?'< , account of my steward- ship, and that of our brethren, Ferrari and Petroski.' ' "We shall thank you for the revelation,' said one. 'It is no doubt our due to know it,' said the other. ' And there is nothing so inspiriting as a general's own story of his victory,' said the third. ' In a few minutes,' said Anna Klosstock, ' there will arrive for admission to the bro- therhood, a young Eng- lish gentleman, who is devoted to me and my poor fortunes. He has accepted, at the hands of Andrea Ferrari, the oath of secrecy ; but not the oath of comradeship, which would entitle him to our pass-words and to share the glories and dangers of our cause. Brothers,' she said, rising, ' this young man has none of the motives that we have for the labours and dangers we have undertaken. He was born in Moscow, it is true, and in his early youth saw our brother and sister exiles of the past, go forth upon their fatal journey- ings to Siberia. He has a sensitive and generous nature : the memory of those things has sunk deep into his heart j but he is young. His mother is a widow ; a patriot, a devoted friend of all ; exiles. It is his misfortune to have fallen in love with your humble com- panion.' The smile that for a moment illuminated the face bf Ivan Kostanzhoglo vanished at a glance from Ferrari j and Anna Klosstock continued to speak as if she were alone, .unconscious' of the men who sat around her. * It is not necessary for me to say to what extent I have returned his strange devo- tion.' ' Not very strange,' whispered one of the unnamed to his neighbour, ' if a lovely face and figure have anything to .do with inspir- ing love.' ' But,' she continued,; ' I am unwilling that for my sake this young English gentleman shall further., jeopardise his position ¿ind his liberty. He professes to be under the spell of; our great cause, to desire no other life than one that shall be devoted to it, in memory of ' his young life in Moscow, and that he may be at least my comrade. He only knows me as the Countess Stravensky. To him Anna Kloss- tock is nothing. Her life, her love, her miseries, her motives for revenge, her part in our great victory at Venice are to him an entire blank. While reporting, as one of our secret brotherhood, to this meet- ing, I desire to convey to him the particu- lars of my career, that they may disenchant him and show him the abyss upon which he stands. Should he then persist in throwing in his lot with ours, I ask you to accept him.' As she sat down there was a murmur of dissent, question, and admiration ; and the entire brotherhood for a few moments seented all to be talking at once, but not much above a whisper. Presently Ferrari was heard alone. ' To me, Madame's wish,' he said, ' is law. Throughout all our operations, in every instance of peril, Madame has never made a mistake. I have to this young man ad- ministered the first oath of secrecy; I believe him worthy, and capable of being one of us. My vote is for Madame.' ' And mine,' said Ivan Kostanzhoglo ; ' though it is a dangerous element, the ad- mission of a sentiment beyond patriotism.' ? * But love,' said Paul Petroski, ' is a power 'Philip Forsyth felt his heart stand still. He clutched his chair and pressed his feet upon the floor to prevent himself from falling.' that has helped us often and in many straits.' ""' "'','' ; ' And we agree,' said oiie of the three un- named, ' that it is to the frank, open state- ment of Madame, that we' should not oppose her ¡judgment in this, when it has always been trite.' . ' ' ? ' Go, then,' said Anna, to Ivan Kostanzhoglo. ' In the saloon you .will ñnd our. visitor. He will , he sitting at the table in the right hand corner, hy the pillar near'the fireplace. He is young, dark, handsome. You cannot ' mistakè him. His dress, a shabby disguise ; yet you cannot fail to see through it the f eatùres, the figure of a gentleman.' Ivan rolled another cigarette, and left the room through its double doorway,'which was guarded until his return by Ferrari. It was not altogether an uncomfortable apartment, though it lacked ventilation, which was obtained chiefly through an orifice in the chimney, where a strong gas- light was burning, and around which there was a continual halo of smoke from the cigarettes which all,'including Anna herself , were more or less smoking. There wëre a few old engravings upon the dark wall- paper, one or two easy chairs, a small book- case, and a map of Europe. Anna leaned back thoughtfully in her chair, and breathed a few whiffs of smoke from an Egyptian cigarette, a bundle of which lay before her. She pushed these aside and ceased smoking as Ivan Kostanz- hoglo entered with Philip Forsyth, who was indeed disguised in shabby habiliments, and in face and feature for that matter j his cheeks pale and sunken, his eyes sur- rounded with a black rim, his hair long and straggley. He wore a pair of bluish French trousers and a thin alpaca frock- , coat, buttoned to the throat ; and in spite of the hot weather and the closeness of the underground atmosphere, he looked cold and chilly ; but when later on he spoke, his . voice was strong and his .manner expressed the physical strength, which, to look at him, you would not have expected him to possess. ' Brethren,' said Anna Klosstock, rising, leaving lier seat, and taking Philip by the hand, ' this is our English friend, -whose heart has bled for the miseries of our country, who is anxious to join our brother- hood, and who has sworn the first oath of secrecy.' Philip looksd round with a quiet enquiring gaze, and then fixed his eyes upon Anna with an expression of astonish- ment. She was still beautiful, but it was the beauty of the street and the alley, the beauty of despair, the beauty that shines sadly through the surroundings of rags and poverty. " Her figure seemed to' have shrunk into her thin, shabby black gown ; aiid the shadow that fell upon her, as she stood by the radiance of the somewhat dim lamp upon the table, gave a sombre look to her face wrhich wTas unusual in Philip's ex- perience of its varied characteristics. It was borne in upon his mind that it lacked even the tragic beauty that belonged to tho despairing, defiant face he had seen at the opera and conveyed to his canvas. ' Welcome, brother,' said the confederates, one af ter the other, as they shook him by the hand. ' Be seated.' said Ivan, ' and we will pledge you to our better acquaintance ;' whereupon, turning to the little bookcase and opening a cupboard beneath, Ivan brought forward a couple of bottles of red wine, opened them, and placed glasses upon the table. Philip drank in a mechanical half-decided way, conscious, as if by instinct, that something was about to take place, hardly in keeping with those heroic aspirations with which he had credited the Countess and her confederates. Not that he had expected anything like a rose-leaf council, or a carpet conspiracy ; but there was something in the change from the bright, clean, cheerful saloon of the little Parisian Cabaret, to the half-lighted, dull, prosaic, double-locked apartment, and its heavy browed, ill-dressed occupants that chilled his spirits, and, for a moment recalled to Mm. his unnatural exile from his mother and friends, who were at that moment, so close to him and yet so far away. But presently, when, unintentionally, Ferrari, had moved the lamp from before the face of Anna Klos- stock, in such a way that when she rose it illuminated her entire figure, the old strange infatuation took posses- sion of him, and he listened as one in a dream. ' Brethren,' said Anna, rising and laying down the cigarette which she had still held between her fingers, ' I have to re- port to you the result of the brotherhood's mission at Venice ; and for the informa- tion of our visitor, who seeks for weal or woe to be our comrade in the great cause to which we are pledged, I beg you to permit that I shall mention one of the motives which brought us originally together When I was a young girl I lived happy and contented with my father, who was the principal Jew merchant of Ozarovna. There came to our village oue Lozinski, a young learned scholar, who was appointed rabbi. I fell in love with him, he' with ; me. We were be- trothed. It was the eve of the solemniza- tion of our marriage. But at the height of Czarovna's happiness there came a new governor, General Pe- tronovitch, and with him the wicked risings against the Jews with sword and fire, which you all remember, less than ten years ago. This Gover- nor from St. Petersburg was a sensualist, a tyrant, and an assassin. He found villainous excuses to attack our house, to confiscate my farther's estate, to send him to that living death, Siberia ; to seize upon the young and learned Rabbi, my lover, to condemn him to the knout. Maddened with my despair, I sought the Governor at his palace, a suppliant for mercy. By fair promises he induced nie for a moment to trust him. The crime he committed against me was one worse than death.' Philip Forsyth felt his heart stand still. He clutched his chan* and pressed his feet upon the floor to prevent himself from fall- ing. One of the unnamed, noticing his trouble, clutched him by the arm and pressed wine upon him as Anna continued her narrative. * The next day I witnessed the execution of Lozinski, and raising my voice in revolt and defiance, excited my people of the Ghetto into revolt. In the midst of iii cir attack upon the fiendish despot, I was dragged to the scaffold myself, and there beaten out of all sensibility, to wake up finally in the hospital, a miserable wreck, -with sufficient life still left to swear eternal vengeance upon General Petrono- vitch, the only effort of existence left to me, the one red spark of hope in my earthly dungeon. Surely it was that one hope that gave me life. My wounds dressed with salt-I spare you even a single word about the physical agony I suffered-I began to recover, and it was thought in time I should be well enough to undergo a continuation of my sentence which belonged to the gaol and the mine ; hut by some unaccountable intervention I was released and carried away to a foreign city. There was one great, good friend of the Jew, who lived on the outskirts of Czarovna, a Russian noble, who had, under pressure of ingratitude and persecution from his master, joined a branch of this Brotherhood of the Dawn.' For a moment the speaker paused in response to suppressed but vigorous tokens of approval. ( The cause and the Brotherhood !' almost shouted one of the unnamed, raising his glass and clinking it with those of his neighbours.1 Philip watched 'the woman with an intent gaze of wonder. ' His name was Stravensky--the Count Stravensky. He knew my father, he knew me ; saw me on that fatal day, hurrying to the traitor's palace, endeavoured to interpose for me on the scaffold, was rebuffed, and ordered to his home. His wealth and his early services to the Czar, the greatness of his family name, and his burning desire for vengeance, sent him to St. Petersburg, where he resolved to fight his way diplo- matically to place and position, his left hand the Emperor's, his right hand for Eussia. It was through his intervention that I was removed, through his interven- tion that I was reported dead. That was the only report the Government would accept ; and so Anna Klosstock died. In a few years there arose from that moral death a new woman. Educated in Italy by scholars, tended by devoted women ; with what object, with what ambition, they knew not, nor did I for a time half sus- pect how Fate was working for me. Day nor night did I ever cease to pray for ven- geance upon Petronovitch, whose march of advancement I watched with a smile of hate, noted his achievements in Central Asia, his proud conquests in the field, his social and diplomatic victories. One day there came for me a messenger from my kind patron. I accompanied madame to Paris. There, after a few days of. formality and instructions, I stood hy the bed of Count Stravensky, was made his. wife, and received from him the legacy of his patriotic aspirations, and his last bene- diction on my vow of vengeance. They only knew in St. Petersburg that the Count had married a cultured but humble lady of Italy. The Count had laid his plans carefully and well. I was received by His Majesty the Czar, on my way to deal with my estates in Vilnavitch, in the neighbourhood of Czarovna. I have held my own, I hope, as the Countess Stravensky, never forgetting the wrongs of Anna Klosstock, the persecution of the Jews, and my vows to the Brotherhood.' Again she paused, for the suppressed demonstrations of her audience, who, much as they had seen of the tragic trouble and romance, were carried away not alone with Anna's story, but with the majesty of the woman as she narrated it. Philip still sat a dumb witness ; moved by deep emotions, but standing apart, as it were, altogether from his companions ; lis- tening to Anna's story from a different stand- point, influenced altogether from motives they could neither follow nor understand. < To the patient and the true, the day they hope for comes. It was at Venice, two weeks ago. You remember, some of you, our parting here, the naming of oui rendezvous for Paul Petroski, for Ferrari, for myself. "We met again, I and the General Petronovitch; once more, as the Countess Stravensky, Anna Klosstock again had the honor to find favour in his cruel eyes. Not as in the old days did she struggle to be free from that cruel, evil glance. She invited it, sought it, courtec it in the very presence of his wife ; won him. to her side, as Gretchen might hav( won the Fiend, methinks, had she desired I beckoned ; he came. I tolerated th< pressure of his false lips upon this hand upon this hand !'-she continued, raising her right arm aloft and clutching her fin gers as if she held a dagger there-' tha beckoned him to his death !' Amidst the general gasp of satisfactio] which welcomed Anna's tragic declaration Philip covered his face with his hand. Anna looked at him for the first tim during her confession. * Does anyone doubt my right to th vengeance which has thrust the dagger o the Brotherhood into this Bupreme wretch Let him look upon me !' Philip, feeling that the words were ad dressed to him, raised his head and agai fixed his eyes upon the speaker. ' Let him know why I am a Nihilist of the Nihilists ! Let him behold my title to vengeance !' As she spoke she tore open her dress, exhibited a lovely white arm and part of a beautiful bust, turning at the same time with swift rapidity to exhibit her right shoulder and neck, no further than is con- sidered correct by ladies of fashion at balls and in the opera stalls, but sufficient to thrill iron men who had themselves been witnesses of the worst of Russian tortures. Red and blue, deep ridges and welts crossed and recrossed each other, with in- tervals of angry patches of red, and weird daubs of grey that blurred and blotted out allremains and tokens of the beautiful form with which nature had endowed one of its loveliest creatures. Philip looked, and fell forward upon the table with a cry of horror, his head in his hands. The others remained dead still for a few seconds, until Ivan Kostanzhoglo rose quietly from his seat, replaced the torn garment over the woman's shoulders¡ and kissed her reverentially upon the fore- head. As Anna, herself much overcome, re- sumed her seat¿ Andrea Ferrari advanced to Philip and laid his hand upon his shoul- der, at which the young fellow looked round. : * Philip Forsyth,' said Ferrari, 'it will be against the wish of Anna Klosstock if yoi take the oath that will make you, bodj and soul, one of ns. What have you t( say ?' ' Nothing,' he replied. * Petronovitch ii dead.' i 