COMPF ONflIG CUTBILL WAS 3 UFITN BETWEEN TWO BBSUAWY SALTS. Al Ocean Tragedy, Br W. CLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER XIX.-continued. A MYSTERIOUS VOICE. 1 D.LD her to the starboard quarter, :where I had stood with Crimp, and repeated the story. The darkness gave my recital of the incident the complexion it wanted; a tremor passed through her hand into my arm. It was enough to make a very nightmare of the gloom, warm as it was with the dew- laden southerly breathing, and delicate too with the small fine light trembled into it by the stars, to think of a hail sounding out of it from a phantasm as shapeless as any dye of gloom upon the canvas of the night. Ten minutes passed ; I then dis cerned the fi'"res of Wilfrid and Finn -:omig aft. lfy coua?a'a deeoop bnaunehbg was audible when he was still at a distance. "'Well, what news?" I called cheerily. "Wilfrid drew close and exclaimed, "It is true. I have heard it." " Ha ! " said I, turning upon Finn. -'By all that is blue, then, MIr. Mon son, sir," exclaimed the worthy fellow, "there is somewhat a-talking below." " What does it say ?" asked Miss Jennings, showing herself allon a sudden thoroughly frightened. "What I heard," said Wilfrid in his most raven note, "was this, ' The yacht is cursed. Sail her home! Sail her home!'" - "'Twas as plain, Mr. Monson, as his honour's own voice," said Finn, in a pro foundly despondent way. "D'ye think, Finn," said I, "that it is a trick played off upon the crew by some skylarking son of a gun forward ?" His head wagged against the stars. " I wish I could believe it, sir. The woice was underfoot. There's nobody belong ing to the ship there. There's no man amissing. 'Sides 'tain'ta human woico. Never could ha' believed it." He pulled out his pocket- handkerchief and polished his brow. " Well," I exclaimed, "so long as the thing, whatever it be, keeps forward-the deuce of it is, I've heard such sounds my self twice. It can't be fancy then. Yet, confound it all, Wilf, there can be nothing supernatural about it either. What is it ? Shall I explore the yacht forward ? Give me a lantern, and I'll overhaul her to my own satisfaction anyway." "You may set us on fire," said Wilfrid; "let the matter rest for to-night. To morrow, Finn, you can rummage the yacht." Be started violently: "What can it be though." Are we veritably haunted by the ghost of the Portuguese ?" He tried to laugh, but the dryness of the utterance seemed to half choke him. '" Well, let us wait for daylight, as you say," cried I. " I am going below for some seltzer and brandy," said Wilfrid. "Finn, you may tell the steward to give the men a glass of grog apiece. What can it be?" he muttered, and his long figure then flitted to the companion, through which he vanished. \- It was evident the thing had not yet had time to work in him. He was more astonished than terrified, but I guessed that superstition would soon- be active in him, and that there was a bad night before him of feverish imaginings and restless wandering. I could not have guessed how frightened Miss Jennings was until I conducted her below, shortly after Wil frid had left the deck, where I was able to observe her scared white face, the bewildered expression in her eyes and a drjyness of her cherry under-lip, that kept her biting upon it. Her maid shared her berth, and I was mighty thankful to feel that the sweet creature had a companion. Indeed, had she been alone, one might have wagered she would not have gone to bed that night. My cousin drank freely, but for all that a gloom of spirits settled upon hhn as slowly and surely as a fog thickens out the atmo sphere and darkens down upon the view. He talked with heat and excitement of the strange voice at the first going off, but after a little lie grew morose, absent minded, with symptoms of temper that snade me extremely weary, and I fetched a breath with a positive sigh of relief when he abruptly rose, bade us brusquely good night, and went in long, melodramatic s~trides to his cabin. I did my best to inspirit Miss Jennings, but I was not very successful. It may be that I was more half- hearted in my man ner of going to work than I was conscious of. It never could come to my telling her more than that we might be quite sure, if we could only solve the mystery of the sounds which had frightened all hands forward, and aft, too, for the mat i tcrof that, we shouldbe heartily ashuamed of our fears in the face of the abject commonplace of the disclosure. She shook her head. S"Itmight be as yousay,"shusaid, "but !if this strange voiccountinies to be heard, fLuileedr sho li itnot rpeak again and yet remain unriddled, what shall we think ? I am frightened, I own it. I -do not be lieve in spirits, Mr. Monson, in haunting shadows, and other inventions of old nurses; but I cannot forget that you have heard such a voice as this twice-you who are so-so---" "Stupid," said I. " Matter of fact, Mr. Monson." But talking about the thing was not going to hell) her nerves. She went to bed at ten o'clock, and feeling too sleepy for a yarn with Finn I withdrew to my cabin. I found myself a bit restless, how ever, when I came to put my head upon the pillow, and would catch mysslf listen ing, and sometimes I fancied I could hear a faint sound as of a person talking in a low voice. Then it was I would curse myself for a fool and turn angrily in my bed. Yet for all that, I would fall a-lis tening again. It was quiet weather still, as it had been since sundown. In the blackness of my cabin I could see a bright star sliding up and down the ebony of thi glaa of tie souttlo., it]h . pat?so at intor vals, when it would beam steadfastly and intelligently upon me as though it were a human eye. Now and again the water went away from the side in a stifled sob. I could have prayed for such another squall as I have described to burst upon us for the life that would come to the spirit out of the lightning flash, the roar of thunder, the shriek of wind, the fierce blow of the black surge, and the tempes tuous hiss of its dissolving spume. I cudgelled my wits for a solution of the voice, but to no purpose. It was ridicu lous to suppose that a man lay hidden below. For what sailor of the crew but would not be quickly missed ? And then again I had but to consider, to understand whatI had not thought of on dock, I mean that even if a pair of hurricane lungs were secreted in the hold it was scarcely con ceivable that their utmost volume of sound could penetrate through the thick, well caulked planking of the forecastle deck. At last I fell asleep. CHAPTER XX MUFFIN IS PUNISHED. IT was seven o'clock when I awoke. I at once rose, bathed, and went on deck, thinking as I passed through the cabin and observed the brilliant effect of the sunshine streaming through porthole and skylight in rippling silver upon the shining bulkheads, the radiant lamps, the mirrors, rich carpet and elegant draperies of the cabin, what a very insignificant figure a night-fear cuts by daylight. The wind was north-east, a merry shining morning with a wide blue heaven full of liquid lustre softened by many small white clouds blowing into the south-west, and rich as prisms with the rainbow lights that kindled in their skirts as they sailed past the sun. The firm line of the ocean went round the sky tenantless. The yacht was making good way, running smoothly over the crisping and crackling waters under an airy spread of studdingsail which trembled a light into the water far beyond her side. Finn was on deck standing aft with his back upon the companion. I walked leisurely over to him with vitality in the very last recesses of my being stirred by the exquisite sweetness and freshness of the.long, pure sunlit gushing of the wind. "Good morning, Captain Finn." He turned and touched his cap. "How long is this.delicious weather going to last, 1 wonder? Nothing in sight, eh ? Bless us, captain, when are we going to run the Shark into view ? " He looked at me with a curious ex pression which his smile, that was always in the middle of his face, rendered ex ceedingly odd, and said, "Did ye hear anything like a mysterious woice, sir, last night after you'd turned in " " I was for fancying," I answered, "that the atmosphere crawledwith indistinguish able whispers. But I suppose without imagination there would be no lunatic asylums." He said, still preserving his odd look, "The sperrit's discovered, sir." "Gammon 1" I exclaimed. "Ay I we've got hold of the woice I" he cried gleefully. "Did ye ever see a ghost. Mr. Monson, sir? Look ! There's the corpse as belonged to the wreck, and there's the happarition as was a-cursing of this yacht last night in the forepeak, and your honour may take it that there is the invisible shape whose hail from off yon quarter has given old Jacob the blues; " and all the time that he spoke he was pointing to the fore- rigging just under the cross-trees. I had before lightly glanced at a man up there, but had given him no heed what ever, as I supposed him to be a sailor at work. But now I looked again, shading my eyes. " Muffin I" I cried with a gasp of as tonishment. "Do you mean to say-?" and I veritably staggered as the full truth and absurdity of time thilng rushed upon mnc. Hle hung in the rigging facing seawards, and there was turn upon turn of rope rdund his anus ind legs.; indeed he was as s?iugly secured to the shrouds as if he t. had been a sample of chafing gear. The sailors had compassionately jammed his hat down on his head, and in the shadow of the brim of it his face looked of the sickly yellow hue of tallow. But he was too high to enable me to witness the ex pression he wore. He had nothing on but his shirt and a pair of grimy duck trousers rolled to above his knees. " What do you think of him as a sperrit, sir ?" cried Finn, with aloud hoarse laugh which caused the sailors at work forward to look up grinning at Muffin, who hung as motionless in the shrouds as if he lay in a faint there. " How long has he been seized aloft? " said I, with something of a pang coming to me out of the sight of him, for there followed close on my first emotion of astonishment a sort of admiration for the outlandish genius of the creature that worked in me like a feeling of pity. "Since dawn," answered Finn. "The men put him where he is. I let 'em have their way. I was afeered they might m svv uucl o,i s Ian a, £.glir- ?IfdO, air. Jack don't like to be nmade a fool of, your honour. Old Jacob, I'm told, fell blood thirsty. Yo see, ye can't take a view of them sailors, especially such a chap as Cutbill, and think of 'em as lambs." " He must be an amazingly clever ven triloquist, though," said I, "Of coursel! All's as clear as daylight now. He was leaning over the rail when Crimp and I were talking on that night we heard the voice. I caught sight of him in the cabin a minute after the cry had sounded. The dexterous rogue ! he must have sneaked with amazing swiftness below. A consum mate actor, indeed I How was he dis covered ?" "Why," answered Finn, with a slow shake of laughter, " there's a chap named Harry Blake as occupies the bunk just over him. Blake like O'Connor, is an Irishman, with a skin as curdles to the thoughtofaghost. Hewasmorefrightened than any other man forrards, and lay awake listening. Time passed : all the watch was snoring saving this here Blake. On a sudden lie hears the woice. He sits up, all of a muck o' sweat. Why, think's he, it's the mute as lies under me a-talking in his sleep I He drops on to the deck and looks at Muffin, who presently fell a talking again in his sleep, using the hi dentical words that Sir Wilfrid had heard, and the tone o' woico was the same, sort o' muffled and dim-like; but it wasn't pitched. fit to make a scare, seeing, of course, that the hartist was unconscious. On this Blake sings out, kicks up a regular hullabaloo, tells the men that the woice was a trick of Muffin's. Muffin being half-dazed and terrified by the sailors crowding round his berth, threaten ing of him, confesses, and says that he did it with the notion of terrifying Sir Wilfrid into returning home as his life had growed a burden. The men then called a council to settle what should be done with him, and it ended when day break come in their seizing him up aloft as ye see there, where they mean to keep him until I've consulted with Sir Wilfrid as to the sort of punishment the chap merits." "What shall you propose, Captain Finn?" said I, with a glance at the bound figure, whose motionlessness made him seem lifeless, and whose posture, there fore, was not a little appealing. "Sir," answered Finn, "I shall re commend his honour to leave it to the men." " But they may hang him ? " "No ; 'll see they stop short of that. But, Mr. Monson, sir, begging your par don, I'm sure you'll allow with me that Muffin 'll desarve all lie's likely to get. Speaking as master of this wessel, I say that if he hadn't been found out in good time it might have gone blazing hard with all of us. The men were saucy enough last night, growling, indeed, as if it was next door to a mutiny being under way ; and yet it was the first time of the woice speaking in tie hold. Imagine it going on for several nights I It was bound to end in all hands giving up unless we shifted our helm for home, which Sir Wilfrid would never have consented to; so there ye'd have had a quandary as bad as if the sailors had been laid low with pison, or as if the Bride had tarried to and leaked at every butt end. Then think of his anointing his honour's cabin with flaming letters; all to sarvo his own measly wish to get out of an undertaking that he don't relish. . . . Mr. Monson, sir, he wants a lesson, something arter the whipping and pickling business o' my fatheris day, and sooner than that he should miss one of his desarts by striving to get to windward of the soft side of his honour's nature, I'm damned," said he, striking his open hand with his clenched fist, "if I wouldn't up and tell Sir Wil frid myself that it was that there Muffin as wrote the shiuining words about his honour's baby." "Best not do that," said I. "We want no tragedies aboard us, Finn. How ever, you may count upon my not intcr fering ; but for God's saklet there b no bruitality." "That 'll be all right, sir,'. answered the skipper, with such. a lok; however, at the helpless and stirless figure in the rigging as satisfied me that his inclination at present at all events, was not towards mercy. It was not a sort of sight to make the deck a pleasant lounge till breakfast time. I was moved by some compassion for the unfortunate creature, mainly due, 1 believe, to a secret admiraiolt for his remarkable skill and dramatic cunning ; and understanding that the sooner Wil frid was apprised of this business the sooner would Muffin be brought down out of the shrouds, I stepped below. The head steward came out of .my-cousin' cabin as I appioarcistihrii-loor. . " Is Sir Wilfrid getting up ?" said I "I've just taken him his hot water, sir. He isn't out of bed yet. He's very heavy; had a bad night, I've been told, I passed on and knocked. . "What is it?" cried Wilfrid, in a drowsy irritable voice. I entered, and said, "Sorry to disturb you, Wilf, but there's news that will interest you." He started up; " The Shark? " he cried. "No," I answered, "they've found out who talked like a ghost last night; who it was that whispered off the ocean to Crimp and me that this yacht was cursed; and who it was that made the corpse on the wreck hail us." He sat bolt upright with eyes and nostrils large with excitement. "Who ?" "Muffin," said I. "Muffin!" he shouted; "what d'ye mean, Charles?" "Why, the fellow's a ventriloquist, an incomparable artist, I should say, to deceive us all so atrociously well." He stared at me with a face of dumb astonishment. " What was his motive, think you?" he asked presently. "He's pining to gothome," I replied; "he's capable of any tricks to achieve that end. The men mean to punish him, and Finn is waiting to confer with you on the subject. They've had him lashed to the rigging aloft since daybreak." "The scoundrel " lihe cried, springing on to the deck with a dark look of rage, yet with an indescribable note of relief as of a mind suddenly eased, softening the first harshness and temper of his voice. "I have to thank him for a frightful night. What a fool 1 am," he cried, vehemently striking his forehead, "to suffer myself to be terrified by things which I ought to know-which I ought to know," he repeated with passionate emphasis, "cannot be as they seem." "Well, Wilf," said I, "you will find Finn on deck. He will tell you all about it, and you will leave the fellow's punish ment to the men, or settle with Finn the sort of discipline the man deserves as you shall think proper. I wash my hands of the affair, satisfied with Finn's promise that there shall be no brutality," with which I left him and returned to my cabin, where I lay reading till the break fast bell rang. is J3.nn ing. was alone in tih cabin. She stood with head inclined over some flowers which still bloomed in the mould in which they had been brought from England. The sunshine of her hair blended with the pinks and whites of the petals, and the gems on her hands trembled like dewdrops on the leaves of the plants as she lightly touched them with fingers half caressing, half adjusting. Her look of astonishment when I told her that the voice we had heard was a trick of Muffin's was like a view of her beauty in a new light; amazement with a sparkle as of laughter behind it to throw out the expression, rounded her eyes and deepened their hue. Then the little creature clasped her hands witllh gratitude that the thing should have been dis covered. " Muffin is quite a rascal," she said, " and so clever as to be a real danger." She could scarcely credit that he had skill enough to deceive the ear as he had. Wilfrid 'was slow in coming ; I could see hint through the skylight walking with Finn, gesticulating much, with afrequent look in the direction where, as I might gather, Master Muffin still hung. He kept Miss Laura and I waiting for nearly a quarter of an hour, during which I ex plained how Muffin had been discovered, how Wilfrid had gone on deck to arrange a punishment for him, and the like. Presently my cousin arrived, and on catching sight of Miss Jennings, cried out in his most boyish manner, " Only think, my dear, that our superstitious alarms last night should be owing to a trick, but a deuced clever trick, of that illiterate, yellow-faced, tearful, half-cracked son of a greengrocer - Muffin. I never could have believed he had it in him. Eh, Charles 7 Mad of course; 1 don't say dangerously so, but warped, you know, or is it likely thathe would practise so cruel and dangerous a deceit merely because he wants to get home ? Why, d'ye know, Charles, Finn gravely swears that, had the rascal persisted successfully for two or three nights, the yacht would have been in an uproar of mutiny, perhaps seized, ay, actually seized, through the terror of the crew, and sailed home-ending all my hopes." " How is he to be served ? " "Finn proposes," he answered," that the imen should fonrm a court-a judge and jury. Their decision will be brought aft for our approval. If the sentence be a reasonable one, the fellows will be allowed to execute it." Miss Jennings looked scared. "They won't hurt him much," said I "Finn lhas pledged his word to me. 'Tis the fright that will do him good. is he out of the rigging, WVilf ?" "Probably by this time," he answered. "I toldFinn to get him sent down and fed. The sun is ]iot up there, and the poor devil faced it." Whilst we breakfasted I had much to say about the fellow's singular accomplish ment as a ventriloquist; suggested that by-and-bye he should be brought aft to entertain us, and expressed wonder that a man so gifted, qualified by nature, moreover, to dress up his singular and special faculty with the airs of as thleatri cal a countenance as ever I had heard of, should be satisfied with the mean offices of a valet. But my flow of speech was presently checked by a change of mood in Wilfrid. His face darkened; he pushed his plate from him, and let fly at Muffin in language which would not have been wanting in profanity probably had Miss Jennings been absent. "Do you remember those strange warnings that I received about my little one ?" he cried, turning a wild eye upon me. "After the gross deception of last night, who's to tell me that I might not have been made a fool of in that too ?" I shlot a hurried glance of meaning and warning at Miss Jennings, and said care lessly, "Depefid upon it, we can never be the victims of more than our senses in this life." "Why should the creature have left me to go forward? hlie shouted. 1 touched soy forchead with a smin . "When yoti en",ed this f£llow," said I, "you supp?g . his braii healthy any way. Ndw, my deai Wilf. the mbtiio'e of this voyage supplies plenty of occu pation to the mind, and there is excite ment enough to be got out of it without the obligation of a lunatic to wait upon you." He burst into a laugh, without however a hinit of merriment in it, and then fell silent anti most uhnmfortably moody. Shortly afterwards he went on deck. "What'll they do to Muffin, Mr. Mon son, do you think ? " Miss Laura asked. " I cannot imagine,' said I; "they may duck him from the yard-arm,' they may spreadeagle and vefresh him. with a few dozens; punish' him they '"ill. :Finn is hot against him. He is quite right in suggesting that a few such ex periences as that of last night might indeed must-have ended in a perilous mutiny. Are you coming on deck? "No." "But it is a beautiful morning. The breeze is as sweet as milk, and the clouds as radiant as though the angels were blowing soap-bubbles." "I do not care; I shall remain in the cabin. Do you think I could witness a man being ducked or whipped? I should faint." "Well, I will go and view the spectacle, so as to be able to give you the story of it." She pouted, and cried, "Wretched Muffin I Why did Wilfrid bring him? Lend me one of Scott's novels, Mr. Mon son. I cannot get on with that story about the nobility." I was not a little surprised, on passing through the companion hatch, to find that the first act of the drama was about to begin. The whole of the ship's com pany, with the exception of the man who was at the wheel, were assembled on the forecastle. Crimp and Finn stood to gether near the forerigging, looking on. One of the sailors, who I afterwards learned was Cutbill, had pinned a blanket overhis shoulders to serve him as a robe, whilst on his head he wore a contrivance that might have been a pudding-bag, though what it really was I could not dis tinguish. He had covered his chin and cheeks with a quantity of oakum, and presented a very extraordinary appear ance as he sat with a great air of dignity on the top of a small bread cask. Six sailors stood wing-like on either hand him, constituting the jury, as I supposed. Confronting Cutbill was Muffin between two brawny salts, each of whom held him by the arm. The valet made a most melancholy figure, and even at the distance of the quarterdeck I could see his naked yellow shanks, his breeches being turned above the knees, quivering and yielding, till I began to think that the two sailors held him, notas a prisoner, but to prevent him from tumbling down. Wilfrid was swinging to and fro the quarterdeck with long flighty strides, taking an eager, probing, short-sighted stare at the crowd forward when he faced them, and then rounding to step aft with a grinon his face and his underlip work ing as though he tfnked. " I'm glad to see Cutbill making a fool of himself,"said 1. " Jack's jinks are seldom dangerous when lie introduces skylarking after the pattern of that fellow's make up. Shall we step forward and hear the trial, Wilf 1" " No," said he, " it would be undigni fled. Every man to the end he belongs to aboard a ship. Finn is there to see all fair. Besides, Muffin might appeal to me or to you, and I mean that the sailors shall have their way with him, providing, of course, that they don't carry things too far." "Let's sit then," said I ; "your seven league boots are too much for me this hot morning." He called to the steward to bring him his pipe, and we posted ourselves on the grating abaft the wheel. It was a very gem of a picture just then. The canvas rose spreading on high in clouds of soft whiteness so silver-like to the burning of the sun that viewed from a little distance I don't doubt they would haveshone upon the eye with the sparkle of crystal or the richer gleam of a pearl-encrusted surface. The decks went forward pure as ivory, every shadow so sharp that it looked as though an artist had been at work upon the planks, counterfeiting the rigging and every curve of stirless cloth and all deli cate interlacery of ratline and gear running crosswise. The sea sloped in dark blue summer undulations, light as the rise and fall of the breast of a sleep ing girl, into the liquid azure upon the starboard bow, where the steam-white clouds were gathered in a huddle like a great flock of sheep waiting for the rest that were on their way there to join them. The crowd on the forecastle filled-that part of the vessel with colour. It was the fuller of life for the comingand going of the shadows of the far-reaching studdingsails and the marble-like arch of the flowing squaresail on the many dyes of the tough, knotted, bearded groups of faces with heads of hair and wiry whiskers ranging from the blackness of the rook's plumes to a pale straw colour, most of the beards wagging to the excited gnawing upon junks of tobacco standing high in the cheek-bones, with here a wrinkled grin, there a sour cast, all combining to a picture that I have but to closo my eyes to witness bright and vivid again as though it were of yesterday. The trial was very decorously conducted; there were no jeers, no cries, no noise of any kind. I could hear the rumble of Cutbill's deep-sea notes, and once .or twice Muffin's response, faint as the squeak of a rat deep down. Crimp was called as a witness, and declaimed a bit, but nothing reached mo save the sulky rasp of his voice. The fooling did not last long. Cutbill got on top of his cask to address the jury, and I saw the fellow at the wheel near us shaking his sides at the preposterous figure of the man as he hugged his blanket to his heart, gravely nodding with his pudding-bag first to the sir men on hisleft, then to the six men on his right, whilst he delivered his charge. When this was ended Captain Finn, with a look aft, sang out at the top of his voice, evidently that we should hear him: "Now, my lads, you who constitute the jury, what's your vardict? Is the prisoner at the bar guilty or not guilty ?" "Guilty !" alltwelve men roared out at onre, on which Cutbill, still erect on his cask, passed judgment. I strained my ear, but to no purpose. It was a monotonous rigmarole of a speech, and so long tlihat I turned with a face of dismay to WVilfrid. "I say, what are they going to do with him Why, Cutbill has said enough to include whipping, ducking, roasting, hanging, and quartering." "They only mean to frighten him," he answered, looking anxious nevertheless. The two men who grasped Mufin walked him into the head, faced him round, and stood on either hand him still precerving their hold. Finn came aft, the men meanwhile hanging about in a body forward in a posture of waiting. "Well, what is decided on?" cried Wilfrid eagerly and nervously. Finn touchcdhiS cap. Hb tried to look grave, but secret enjoyhent was very visible in the twinkle of his eye, spite of the portentous curve of his mouth and the long drop of his chops to his chin end. "Your honour, the men's vardict is that the prisoner's to be cobbed and ducked." "Cobbed !" cried Wilfrid, whilst I exclaimed "Ducked I " with a look at the fors yardarm that stood high above the "e Every man'll givf libtfi a blow with a rope's end as he walks forrat'd," ex plained-Finn, 'tand arterwards cool hlns with a bucket o' water apiece.'. Wilfrid's eyes came to mine. "It will depend upon how hard every man hits," said I; "the ducking is innocent enough. Yet I see nothing of cruelty in the sentence; and really the fellow not only requires to be punished, but to be terrified as well." "The hands are waiting for me to tell 'em to begin, your honour," said Finn with a glance forward. "It'll make the punishment too severe to keep the poor devil awaiting for it." "One moment," exclaimed Wilfrid; "did he offer any excuses ? " "Why, sir, he said he was egged on with the desire to return to his mother and get off the sea which disagrees with his insides and affects his hintellectuals. He says lie meant no more harm than that. Don't believe he did, but it might have ended in some smothering trouble all the same 'I came as a walet,' says he 'and here now am I,' says he, 'broke just a ship's dog, a filthy scullion,' says he, ' when my true calling,' says he, ' is that of gentleman's gentleman.'" "But, confound him ! " cried Wilfrid, "it was he who left me; I did not dis miss him. He went forward of his own will." "My dear Wilfrid, he is cracked," said I. "Get on, get on and make an end of this, now, Finn," exclaimed Wilfrid with a little colour of temper in each cheek. "I'm weary of the business, and want these decks cleared and quiet to the eye." The skipper promptly trudged forward, and sung out as he advanced. In a few moments most of the sailors had ranged themselves along the deck in a double line. Every man held a piece of rope in his hand-reef points they looked to mne, though whether they had been cut for this special business or had been hunted for amidst raffle of the kind forward I cannot say. Meanwhile a couple of sea men handed buckets full of water along from a little pump in the head until every man had one at his feet. When these preparations were completed the brace of salts who had charge of Muffin suddenly whipped off his shirt, and laid bare his back, so that he stood in nothing but a pair of breeches, a very radish of a figure-his yellow anatomy glancing dully in the sunshine, whilst the ghastly pallor of his face was heightened yet by his plaister of coal-black hairjust as his in ward terror was accentuated by the cork screw- like writhing of his lean legs, the convulsive twitching of leis arms, and the dismal rolling of his dead, black, lustre less eyes. It was impossible not to feel sorry for the wretched creature. One felt that he was intitled, by virtue of the remarkable gift he had displayed, to a discipline of a more dignified sort than he was now to be subjected to. I laughed out, however, when Cutbill formed a procession. Absurdity could not have gone beyond the figure the great whiskered tarpaulin cut in his blanket and the can vas bag that served him as headgear as, making a sign, he tragically entered the double line of men, beating with his hands that Muffin and his two supporters should keep time with his strides. When Muffin was brought to the aftermost end of the rank of seamen Cutbill seized him by the neck and forced him to give us a bow. The two sailors who had conducted him to this point then posted themselves with the others, each of them picking up a rope's end, whereupon Cutbill, twisting Muffin so as to force him to face the vessel's forecastle, took a couple of strides backwards, extending his arms under his blanket to hinder Muffin from running forwards. "Lay on now ! !" he hoarsely bawled, and then whack I whack I whack ! whackl sounded upon the unhappy Muffin's spine as rythmically as the tapping of a land crab's claws upon a polished floor. Every fellow administered his single blow with a will, one or two spitting on their hands before their turn came. The sufferer writhed pitifully to the very first stroke, and to the fourth howled out like a dog. The sight half sickened me, and yet I found myself laughing-though, I dare say, there was something of hysteric nervousness in my merriment--at the preposterous spectacle of the staggering, twitching, dodging, almost nude figure of Muffin, throwing out into strong relief the huge blanketed form of Cutbill, who, with arms distended, his head with its adornment of oakum nodding gravely from side to side as if bestowing approba tion on each man for the blow he dealt, strode backwards on majestic legs, care fully turning out his toes as though he were giving Muffin a lesson in dancing, and sliding along the lines of knotted, hairy faces with the air of some court functionary marshalling the progress of royalty. As the echo of the last whack rose hollowly off Muffin's back, the skin of which was unbroken, though it was barred with white lines that resembled flakes of peeled onion, Cutbill whirled him round again, choking the yell lihe was in the act of delivering into a moan, and ran him back to where he had first started. The ropes' ends were now dropped; every man seized his bucket, and as Muflin moved, slowly confronted as before by Cutbill, who barricaded the way with outstretched arms, striding backwards once again with Cape-Horn graces, he received a deluge full in his face one after another till I thought the very breath would have been washed out of his body. "Nowcutdownbelowanddryand clothe yourself," roared Finn, as the last bucket was emptied over the shivering creature, "and the next time, my lad, ye try any of your pranks upon e'er a man aboard this wessel, whether he lives forward or whether he lives aft, we'll send ye aloft to that yardarm there with a rope round your neck." Cutbill whipped off his blanket and tore the oakum and cap off Ihis head. In a few brief moments thle decks resounded with the slapping of sailors swabbing up the wet; buckets were stowed away in their places, the rope's-ends collected, and in an incredibly short space of time all was as though no such incident as I have related 1had happened, the planks drying fast, sonme seamen aft spreading tile awning, other fellows at their several jobs in the rigging or on deck, just a grin now and again passing amongst them, but no laughter and no talk, and the yacht so-ly pushing forwards under the increasing glory of tihe sun fast approach ing his meridian. 'We shall hear no more of Muffin. I think," said Wilfrid, showing notling of the excitment I had expected to find in him. "No " said I with ayawn and sickened somewhat by the business that had just ended, "but all this sort of business doesn't look Dike the errand that has brought us out on to the face of these broad waters." "Ay," said he, "but that errand was in jeopardy until this morning." He went to the rail and took a long thirsty look ahead. 1 waited thinking he meant to return. Instead he folded his arms and continued gazing, motionless, with eyes so intently fixed that I took a look too, conceiving that lie beheld some thing to fix his attention. A strange ex pression of surprise entered his face, his brow lightened, an air of eagerness sharpened his visage. 'Twas as likely as not that lie saw with his mind's eye what he craved to behold in reality, and that the vision a sudden craze had raised up before him was as actual to his tainted imagination as if it lay bright to all hands upon the sea-line. But I felt wearied to the heart, sick as from a sort of ground swell of emotion, worried with sharper longings to make an end of this idle quest than had ever before visited me. The mere sight of Wilfrid's posture and face was enough to increase the fit of the blues upon me just then, and I quietly slipped below for such sunny influence as was to be got out of the presence of the sweet little woman in the cabin. CHAPTER XXI. HEAVY WEATHER. AFREa this, for a good many days nothing in any degree noteworthy hap pened. It seemed, indeed, as though whatever little there was to alarm or divert during this extraordinary voyage had been packed into the beginning of it. Muffin lay ill of his back for two days in his bunk ; but for Wilfrid, Finn would have had the poor devil up and about within an hour of drying and dressing himself. The skipper could not forgive that menace of mutiny which had been involved in the yellow-faced joker's effort to procure the shifting of the yacht's helm for home, and lie would always refer privately to me with violent indignation to the valet's trick upon his master. But on Wiltrid's hearing that the man was in pain and that his -nerves had been pro strated by the punishment, he ordered Finn to let him remain below until lie was better or well. There was no more ven triloquism; the midnight silence of the forecastle was left unvexed by muffled im precations. The sailors, when Muffin left his bunk, asked him to give them an entertainment, to which he repliedbysay ing he would see them in a nameless place first. The request, indeed, maddened him. I gathered from sullen Orimp's sour versionof the incidentthatMuffin shrieked at the men, shook hsis fist at them, his eyes started half out of his head, the foam gathered upon his lips, and lie heaped curses and oaths of a nature so novel, so unimaginable, indeed, upon them, that the stoutest shrunk back from the scream ing creature, believing him to be raving mad. However, he behaved himself very quietly on deck. I never caught him looking our way nor speaking, nor heard him again singing in a dog-watch in his woman's voice. Life grqw so tedious that I should have been glad to see him aft again for the sake of his parts as a mimic and actor. I was certain the man would have contrived a very good entertainment for us night after night; but Wilfrid said no, angrily and obstinately once and for all, and so the subject dropped. The north-east tra les blew a fresh breeze and bowled us h sudsomely athwart the broad blue field of the Atlantic. The Bride was a noble sailer when she had the chance, and some of our runs rose to three hundred miles in the twenty-four hours, with a hill of snow at either bow and the frothing surge of the trades chasing us, and a sensible increase of heat day after day in the loud and shrilling sweep of air and the glitter of flying-fish sparkling on wings of gauze from the white and gold of our vessel's shearing passage. We had entered the tropics, but had met with no ship that we could speak. At times a sail shone, but always afar. The look-out aloft was as steadfast as the rising and the sinking of the sun. Day after day the polished tube up there was sweeping the glass- like sapphire of the ocean boundary, steadily ciricling the firm line of its steeping from either quarter to ahead. But the cry of "Sail hoe!" delivered at long intervals, never resulted in more than the disclosure of a rig of a very different pattern from what we were in pursuit of. A settled gloom fell upon my cousin's spirits. He complained of sleeplessness; his appetite failed him, he talked but little, and his one subject was the Slhark. I would sometimes long for a startling incident to shake him out of the melan choly that sat darkly as the shadow of madness upon him. ]Miss Jennings tried hard to keep up her heart, but already I could see that the monotony of the voyage, coupled with an incessant strain of ex pectation, was proving too much for her. She had come to this strange quest taking my cousin's word for what was to happen. She had given Wilfrid's programme of hopes no consideration. We were bound to fall in with the Shark at sea, or, at the very worst, to arrive at the Cape before her, and there lay in wait. She was find ing out now that the ocean was the pro digious plain I had represented it for a pursuit of this kind, and that the journey had already grown infinitely tedious, though Table Bay lay some thousands of mles distant yet. Still she stuck to her guns maanfully. Her heart would show in her eyes when she thought her self unobserved; butif ever I approached the subject, in conversing with her on the vagueness and vanity of this pursuit. she would tell me that it was idle to talk, that she had made up hler mind, that she had cast in her lot with Wilfrid in this chase, and that whilst he continued to pursue his wife, no matter to what part of the world he mnighlt direct Finn to steer the vessel, she would remain at his aide. "Should I ever forgive myself, do you think, MIr. Monson," she would argue, "' if after I had left himn Wilfrid found Henrietta, and she refused to return wit him for lack, perhaps, of the in fluence I should be able to exert ?" "Ay. but do not you suppose too much i" I would answer. " Perhaps Wil frid miight fall in with hIis wife ; perhleaps she might decline to have anytlsieg to do with him; perhaps if you were present she might yield to your entreaties. As my sympathies are not so deeply concerned as yours, I am able possibly to take more practical views. The one sta"ggering con sideration with me is this : we arrive at Table Bay and find the $hark has sailed and there is nobody to tell us where she has gone. Figure our outlook then I" "Butyou are supposingtoo. The Shark may arrive whilst we are lying in Table Bay. What then, IMr. Monson ?" It was idle talk, thou.,h to her "what then I" I might have replied by another question: "If Lady Monson, at .Tablo Bay, should decline to allkiv erhiulsband to carry her home in his. yaclit, that It must have firodhar c haJ ith me, I think, but for this 1 l; To?'had'I had during this journey no other companion than Wilfrid, likely as not it would have npded in my carrying "a bee in my bon net" for the rest of my days. Between us we,mnanaged to kill many tedious hours with' cards, chess, chats, reading aloud whilst Wilfrill lay hid in God knows what mysterious occupation in his cabin or paced the deck alone, austere, unapproachable, with an iron sneer on his lip and on his brow the scowl of a dark mood out of which you might have looked to see himi burst into some wild, unreasoning piece of behaviour, some swearing fit, or insane soliloquy-one knew not what; only that the air of him held you restless with ex pectation of trouble in that way. Tile night-time was the fairest part of this queer trip when we got under the tropic heights, with failing breezes, hot and moist, softly-running surges languidly gushing into a sheet-lightning of phos phoric froth, a full moon that at her meridian came near to the brilliance of sunrise, the planets large, trembling and of heavenly beauty, a streak of dim fire in the dark water over the counter denot ing the subtle, sneaking pursuit of some huge fish; and reflections of white stars like dim water-lilies riding the polish'ed ebony heave when it ran foamless. Even ing after evening on such nights as these would Miss Laura and I placidly step the deck together or sit watching the exquisite effects of moonlight on sail and cordageo; ortherisingof the lumninaryabove the black rim of ocean, with the tremble of the water in its light as though the deep thrilled to the first kiss of the moonbeams; gliding from one romantic fancy to another as tenderly as our keel floated over the long, dlrawn respirations of the deep. Indeed, it would come sometimes to my thinking that if the Bride were myyacht and Laura and 1 alone in her-witha crew to navigate \- the craft, to be sure-I should be very well satisfied to go on sailing about in this fashion in these latitudes, under those glorious stars and upon these warm and gentle seas, until she tired. In its serene moonlit moods the ocean possesses an incomparable and amazing magic of spiritualising. The veriest common-place glows into poetic beauty under the mys terious, vitalising, enriching influence. I have seen a girl whom no exaggerated courtesy could have pronounced comely by daylight, show like an angel on the deck of a yacht on a hushed and radi.ant night -when the air has been brimnming to the stars with the soft haze of moonlight, and when the sea has resembled a carpet of blick silk softly waving. The moon is a witch, and her pencils of light are charged with magic qualities. In the soft golden effulgence my companion's f:.:e would sometimues grow phantasual, a dream of girlish loveliness, the radiance of her hair audskinblending with the rich illusive light till I would sometincmes think if I should glance away from her and then look again, I should find her fairy countenance melted -a romantic confession that tells the story of my heart! Yes, I was far gone; no need to deny it. Our association was intimate to a degree that no companion ship ashord could approach. Wilfrid left us alone together for hour after hour, and there was -nobody to intrude upon us. Finn clearly understood what was happen ing, and sour old Crimp was always careful to leave us one side of the deck to our selves. But there was now to happen a violent change-a transformation of peaceful, amorous conditions of the right kind to affright romance and to drive the spirit of poetry cowering out of sight. We were in latitude about eight degrees north; the longitude I do not remember. The night had been very quiet but thick; here and there a sta:r that was a more lustreless blur in the void, and the water black and sluggish as liquid pitch without a gleam in it. The atmosphere had been so sultry that I could get no rest. The yacht dipped drearily from side to side, shaking thunder out of her canvas and sending a sound, like a low sobbing wail, off her sides into the nmidnsight gloom. This prevented me from opening the scuttle, and 1 lay half stifled, occasionally driven on deck by a sense of suffocation, though it was like passing from one hot room to another in a Turkish bath. There Was a barometer in the cabin just under the clock in the skylight; every time I quitted my berth I peeped at it, and every time I looked I observed that the mercury hadsettled somewhat, a verygradual'but a very steady fall. That foul weather was at hand I could not doubt., but it was hard to imagine the character it would take down amongst these equatorial parallels, where one hardly looks for gales of wind or cyclonic outbursts, or the nrush ing tempest red with lightning of high latitudes; though every man who has crossed the Line will know that the ocean is as full of the unexpected thereabouts as in all other parts of the globe. I somehow have a clearer recollection of that night than of the time that fol lowed, or, indeed, of any other passage of hours during this queer sea ramble I am writingabout. It was first the intolerable heat, then the unendurably monotonous -lifeless rolling of the yacht, with its regular accompanimenit of the yearning washl of recoiling waters, the ceaseless and irritating clicking of cabin doors upon tlheir hooks, the idle beating of canvas above hollowly penetrating the deck with a muffled echo as of constant sullen oxplo sions, the creaking and straining to right and to left and above and below, a hot smell of paint and varnish and upholstery mingled with some sort of indefinable marine odour; a kind of faint scent of rotting seaweed, such as will sometimes rise off the breast of the sluggish deep when stormy weather is at hand. I believe I drank not less than ole dozen iottles of seltzer water in thie sa!ll hours, i was half dead of thirst, and routed out the steward and obligedhim to supply me with a plentiful stock of this refreshment. But the more I driank the hotter I got, Sand no shipwrecked eye ever moro grate fully saluted tle grey of dawn tlhan did mine when, wakening from a half-hour of feverish sleep, I beheld the light of morn inglying weak and lead-soloured on the glass of the porthole. An uglier jumble of sky I never beheld when I sent my first look up at it from the companion hatch. It was as though some hundreds and thousands of factory chinmeys had been vomiting up their black frues throughout the night, the bodiesof valour coming together over our mastheads andcompacting there lumpishly amid the stagnant air with the livid thickenings dirmning into dusky brow?ns ; and here and there a sallow lump of gloom of the kind of yellowish tinge to make one think of fire and thunder. The coqfines of this ghastly storm-laden pall drooped to the sea within three miles of the yacht, so that the horizon segemed within cannon shote--amerging apdminglingof stationary siadows whose stirlessness was rendered the more portentous by the sulky pease soup coloured welter of the ocean washing into the shrouded distance and vanishing there. All hands were on the alert. What was to come, Finn told me, lie could not tell, but lie was ready for it. IIis maintopsmast was struck, that is, sent down on deck; he had also sent down the topgallantyard. Every stitch of canvas was furled, saving the close reefed gaff foresail and the reefed stay foresail. Extra lashings secured everythilig that was movable. McIuclh to my satisfaction, I observed that he had struck the long gun forward down below. There was not a breath of wind as yet, and the yacht looked most forlorn and naked, as though, indeed, she were' fresh from a furious tassle as she rolled, burying her sides upon the southerly swell tlhat was growing levier aild heavier hour by hour. We were at breakfast when the first of the wind took us. It came along moins ? at fist, with a small dyinm away, and then a longer wail as it poure" hot as the 'breath of a furnace blast between our masts. This was followedJ by some five minutes of.breathless calm, during which the yacht fell off into the trough again; then, having my eye upon a cabin window, IbVawled out, "There it comes! " seeing the flying white line of it like a cloud of desert sand sweeping through the evening dusk, and before the words were well out of my mouth the yacht was down to it, bowed to her bulwark rail, every blessed article on the breakfast-table fetching away with a hideous crash upon the deck, with the figures of the two stewards reel ing to leeward, myself gripping the table, Wilfrid depending wholly for support upon his fixed chair, and Miss Jennings buoying herself off to windward upon her outstretched arms with her face white with consternation. The uproar is not to be described. The voice of the gale bellowing through the gloom was a continuous note of thunder, and trembled upon the ear for all the world as though it was the cannonading of some fierce electric storm. The boil ing and hissipg of the seas made one think of a sky full of water falling into the ocean. The yacht at the first gding off was beaten down on to her broadside, and lay motionless, the froth washing over the rail; and the horror of that pos ture ofeeemingly drowning prostration, together with the fears it put into one, was prodigiously increas'ed by the heavy blows of seas smiting the round of the hull to windward and bursting over her in vast bodies of snow. But she was a noble sea boat, and was soon gallantly breasting the surge, but with a dance that rapidly grew wilder and wilder as the tempestuous music on high rang out msnre fiercely yet, until it became absolutely impossible to use one's legs. The sea rose as if by magic, and the slide of the hull down the liquid heights, which came roaring at her from a very smother of scud and vapour and flying spray, gave her such a heel that every recovery of her for the next buoyant upwards flight was a miracle of resurrection in its way. The Shatches were battened down, tarpaulins over the skylight, and as for some time the stewards were unable to light the lamp we remained seated in the cabin in a gloom so deep that we could scarcely discern one another's faces. Off the cabin deck rose a miserable jangling and clatter of broken crockery and glass and the like, rolling to and fro with the violent movements of the yacht. For a long while the stewards were rendered helpless. They swung by stanchions or held on grimly to seats, and it was indeed as much as their lives were worth to let go; for there were moments when the docks sloped like the steep roof of a house, promising a headlong fall to any one who relaxed his grip of a sort to break his neck or beat his brains out. At regular intervals the cabin portholes would turn blind to a thunderous rush of green sen, and those were moments, 1 vow, to drive a man on to his knees with full conviction that he would be giving up the ghost in a very little while ; for to these darkening, glimmering, green delugings the cabin interior turned a dead black as though it were midnight ; down lay the yacht to the mighty sweeping curl of water; a shock as of the discharge of heavy artillery trembled with a stunning effect right through her to the blows of the tons upon tons of water which burs over the rail to the height of the cross trees, falling upon the resounding deck from that elevation with a crash that made one think of the fabric having struck, followed on by a distracting sound of seething as the deluge, flung from side to side, boiled between the bulwarks. We had met with a few dustings before we fell in with this tempest, but nothing to season us for such an encounter as this. I made an effort after two hours of it to scramble on all-fours up the cabin ladder and to put my head out through one of the companion doors. Such was the power of the wind that to the first pro trusion of my noso I felt as if my face had been cut off as by a knife and swept overboard. The hurricane was as hot as though charged with fire; the clouds of foam blownl off the sea, and whirling hoarily under the black vapour low down above our mastheads looked like steam boiling up off the hissing surface of the mighty ocean cauldron. I caught sight of a couple of fellows lashed to the wheel and the figure of Finn glittering in black oilskins crouching aft under the lee of bhe bulwarks, swinging to a rope's end round hIis waist; but all forwards was haze, storms of foam, a glimpse of tihe yacht's bows soaring black and streaming, then striking down madly into a very hell of white waters which leapt upwards to tihe smiting of the structure in marble-like columns, round, firm, brilliant, like the stem of a waterspout, but with heads which instantly vanished in a smoke of crystils before the shriek and thunmder of the blast. The fragment of gaff foresail held bravely, dark with brine from peak to clew, ijtlh a furious salival draining of wet from the foot of it out of the hollow into which there was a ceaseless mad hurling of water. Heaven preserve me Never could I have imagined such a sight as that sea presented. It might well have scared the hecart of a far bolder man than ever I professed to be to witness the height and arching of the great liquid acclivities with their rage of boiling summits; the dusk of tihe atiosphere darkened yet by the flying rain of spume torn by the fingers of thIe storm out of thIe maddened waters; the ghastliness of the dissolving moun tains of whiteness glaring out into the wet and leaden shadow; the leaping of the near hIorizon against the thick gloom that looked to whirl like a teetotun, mingling scud and foam and hurtling billow into a sickening confusion of phastasmal shapes, a mad, chlotic blending of vanishing and reappearing forms timed by the yell and hIum of the gale sounding highl above the crashl of the breaking surge and tie shattering of wave by wave as tlhough in very tratYl it fetched an echo of its own deafening roaring out of the dark ?ky rushing low over this tremendous scene of commotion. Wihatever it might be thatblew, whether a straighlt-lined hurricane or some suing of rotating storm, it lasted for tlhree days; not, indeed, continuing the terrible severity with which it had set in, for we were all afterwards agreed that a few hours of the weight of tempest tlhat had first sprung upon us must hIave beaten the yacht down to her grave by mere blows of green seas, let alone the addition of the incalculable pressure of thIe wind. The stay-foresail m? one blast tlhat caught thUe yacht when topping a sea was blown into rags, and whirled up into the dusk-lilke smoke. A fragment of headsail was •wanted, but whilst some men were claw ing forwavrds to effect w-hat was necessary Ithe vessel slhipped a sea thlat carried three of them overboard like chips of wood, leaving the fourth stranded in the scuppers as far aft as the gangway with his neck and both legs broken We were but a small ship, and luxurious fittings counted for nothing in such a hellish tumblefi cation as, that. Wilfrid kept his berth nearly the whole time, having slightly sprained hip ankle, wlhich topped by tUe motion prohibited him from extending his leg by so much as a single stride.. Onthe other hand Miss Laura would not leave the cabin. I endeavoured to persuade her to take some rest in her bunk, but to no purpose. I did what I could to make her comfortasblo, crawled like a rat to her berth, where I found hIer maid half dead with fright and nausea, procured a pillow, rugs and so forth, got hier over to thle lee side, where there was not much risk of her rolling off the sofa, and snugged her to the best of may ability I eat with hier con stantly, said what I could to keep hier slpirits up, procured food for her, fell asleep at her side hIolding her hand, saw to her maid, and in a word acted the part of a devoted lover. But heaven bless us, what a time it was II would sometimes wonder whether if the Shark met with this Rale, she had seaworthiness enough to out live it. : Occasionally Finn would arrive haggard, streaming, the completest figure imaginablo of a tempest-beaten man and report of matters above; but I remember wishing him at the devil when he told'us of the loss of the four men, for a more depressing piece of news could noet hive reached us at such a time, and Miss' Laura's spirits seemed to utterly break down under it. It was impossible to light the galley fire, and we had to subsist upon the re mains of past cookery aild on tinned food. However, Finn told us that on the evening of the first day of the gale the cook had fallen and broken two fingers of his right hand: so that could a fire have been kindled there was no one to prepare a hot I meal for us. But a little before eleven o'clock on the night of the third day the gale broke. I was sitting alongside of /Miss Jennings in the cabin, with a plate of biscuit and ham on my knee, off which she and I were making a lover's meal, I popping little pieces into her mouth as she lay pillowed close against my arm, then taking a snack myself, then applying a flask of sherry to her lips and finding the wine transformed into nectar by her kiss of the silver mouth of the flask. A steward sat crouching in the corner of the cabin ; the lamp burned dimly, for there had been some difficulty in obtaining oil for it and the mesh was therefore kept low. Suddenly, I wit nessed a flash of yellow moonshine upon the porthole directly facing me, and with a shout of exultation I sprang to my feet, giving no heed to the plate that fell in a crash upon the deck, and crying out, " Thank God, here's fine weather coming at last!" I nmade a spring to the com panionst eps, andhauled myself up through the hatch. It was a sight I would not have missed witnessing for much. The moon at that instant had swept into a clear space of indigo-black heaven; her light flashed fair upon the vast desolation of swollen 1 waters; every foaming head of Iseaglanced with an ivory whiteness that by contrast with the black welter upon which it broke showed with something of the glory of crystalline snow behold in sunlight; the clouds had broken and were sailing across the sky in dense dark masses; it still blow violently, but there was a deep peculiar note in the roar of the wind aloft, which was assurance positive to a nautical ear that the strength of the gale was exhausted, just as in a humming-top the tone lowers and lowers yet as the thing slackens its revolutions. By one o'clock that morning itwas no more than a mode rate breeze with a high angry swell, of which, however, Finn made nothing; for, after escorting Miss Jennings to her cabin, I heard them making sail on deck; and when, having had a short chat with Wilfrid, who lay in his bunk earnestly thanking God that the weather had mended, I went on deck to take a last look round before turning in, I found the wind shifted to west- north-west and the Bride swarming and phlunging over the strong southerly swell under a whole main sail, gaff foresail and jib, with hands sheeting home the square topsail, Crimp singing out in the waist, and F1inn smaking a sailor's supper off a ship's biscuit in one hand and a cube of salt junk in the other by the light of the moon. (To be continued.) 