A I. 111 ' " " Story Colnmn. The Splendid Spur, bbxnq Memoirs of the Adventures 0? KB,' JOHN MARVEL, A servant of his late Majesty, King Charle3 1, in the years 1612-3 ; written by himself. Edited in modern English by Q. The right to publish this story has been pur chased by tho Telegraph Newspaper Company tram tho proprietors, Messrs. Oassell aud Company.- - ' OnAiTEh XX. — ( Continued ). JJI taw s seam gape at my feet. I saw it /widen and spread to right and left. I hear! a ripping, rending noise, a rush of stones and earth; and, olawing the air. with a wild screech, Master Tingcomb pitched backwards, heels over head, into space. Then followed silence, then a horrible splash as he struok the water, far below, then ag.in a slipping and triohling as more of the lelge broke away — at first a pebble or two sliding — a dribble of catth — next, a crash and a olond of dust. A lust stone ran Igobo and dropped. Then fell a silence so deep I could oaten the roar of the flames on the hill behind. Standing there, my arms thrown hack and fingers Bpread againBt tho rock, I saw a wave run out, widen, and lose itself on tho face of tho sea. _ Under my- feet hut eight inches of the cornice remained. My toes Btuok forward ever the gulf. A score of startled gulls with their orios called me to myself. I opened my eyes, that had shut in sheer giddiness. OIobs on my left the lodge was broken baok to tho very base, cutting mo off by 12 feet from that part where the ladder still rested. Ho man could jump it standing. To the right there was no gap, hut in one plaoe only wag the foot ing over 10 inohes wido, and at the end my rope hong over the sea, a good yard away from the edge. I shut my eyes and shouted. There was no answer. In the dead stillness I could hear the rafters falling in the House of Gleys, and the shonts of the men at work. The Godsend lay aronnd the point, out of sight. And Billy, deaf aB n stone, sat no donbt by his rope, plaoidly waiting my signal. I screamed again and again. The reck flang my voioe seaward. AoroBB the summit vaulted above there drifted a puff of brown smoke. Ho one heard. Awhile of weakness followed. My brain reeled, my fingers dug into the rock behind till they bled. I bent forward — forward over the heaving mist through whioh the sea orawled like a snake. It beokoned me down, that crawling water. 1 stiffened my knees and the f aintness passed. I must not look down again. It flashed on me that Delia had called me weak, and I hardened my haBrt to fight it out. I would faos round to the cliff and work towards the rope. It was a hatofal moment while I turned, for to do bo I muet let go with one hand. And the rrck thrnst me outwards. But at last I faced tho cliff ; waited a moment while my knees shook, and moving a foot cautiously to the left, began to work my way along, an inoh at a time. Looking down to guide my feet, I saw tho wavea twinkling beneath my feet. My pal-ns pressed tho rock. At every three inches I was fain to rest my forehead against it and gasp. Minute after minnte went by —endless, in tolerable, and still tho rope seemed as far away as ever, Acold sweat ran olf me.ananseapassessed me. Onoe, where the ledge was widest, I sank on one knee, and hung for a while incap able of movement. But a black horror drove me on, and after the first dizzy stupor my wits were mercifully wide awake Sara it was God's miracle presorvod them to me, who look ing at the sea and cliff and pitiless sun, had almoit denied Him and His miraoles together. All theway I kept shouting, and bo. for half an hour, inoh by inch, shuffled forward, until I stood under the rope. Then I had to turn . ..Spaiti". The rook, though still overarching, here pressed out less than before, so that, working round on the hall of my foot, I managed pretty easily. But how to get the rope ? As I said, it huug a good yard beyond the ledge, the noose dangling some two foot below it. With my finger tips againBt the cliff, I leant out and clutched at it. I missed it by a foot. " Sbull I jump," thought I, "or bide here till help comes f " It was a giddy, awful leap. But the blank horror was at my heels now. In a minute inoro it would have me, and then my fall was certain. I oallod up Delia's faoe us sho had taunted me. I bent my knees, and, leaving my hold of tho rook, sprang forward — out over the sea. I saw it twinkle, fathoms below. My right hand touched — grasped the rope; then my left, as I swung far out upon it. I slipped an inoh — 3 inchcB— then held, swaying wildly. My foot was in tho noose. I hoard a shout above, and as I dropped to a Bitting posture, the rope began to rise. "Quick! Oh, Billy, pull quiok !" He conld not hoar, yet tugged like a Trojan. " How here's a time to keep a man sitting !" he ehonted, as ho caught my hand, and pulled me full length on the turf. "Why, lad — hast seen a ghost ?" There was no answer. The blaok horror had overtaken me at last. They carried me to a shed in tho great oourt of Gleys, and set me on straw, and there, till far into the ufternoen, 1 lay betwixt swooning and trembling, while Delia bathed my head in water from tho sea, for no other was to be had. And about 4 in the afternoon the horror loft mo, so that I sat up and told my story pretty steadily. "What of the house?" I asked, when tho tale was done, and a company sent to searoh the east oliif from the besoh. " All perished !" said Delia, and than smiling, " I am houseless as ever, Jaok." "And have thosamo friende." " That's true. But listen — for while yon have lain here, Billy and I have put oar heads together. He is bound for Brest, be says, and has agreed to take mo and Bueh poor ohattels as are saved, to Brittany, whore I know my mother's kin will have a welcome for me, until these troubles ho passed. A lreadj the half of my goods is aboard tho Godsend, and a letter writ to Sir Bovill, begging him to appoint an honest man as my stoward. What think yon of tho plan?" " It seems a good plan," I answered slowly, " the England that now is is no plaoa for a woman. . When do you anil ?" " As soon as you are recovered, Jaok." " Then that's now." I got on my feet, " and drew on my boots (that Matt. Soames had found in tho laurel bushes and brought). My knees trembled a bit, but nothing to matter.'. V " Art'looking downoast, Jaok." Said I, ' ' How olse should I look, that am to Iose theoin an hour or more?" She made ho reply to this, hut turned away to give an order to tho sailors. The laBt of Delia's funitare was hardly aboard, when' wo heard great shouts of joy, . and saw the men returning lhat bad gone to searoh the oliif. They bore between them three largo oak coffers, whioh being broken we oamo on an immense deal of old plate and jewels, besides over £300 in ooined monoy. . - There were two more loft behind, they said, . . besides several small bage of gold. The path up the oliif was hard to climb, and would have been impossible, but for the iron ladder they foundready fixed for Master Tingoomb'sdesoont. i In the hole (that oonld not bo seen from tho 1 beaoh, tho Bholf hiding it) was taoklo for lower ing the chest, and below a boat moored, and now left high and dry by the tide. _ Doubtless, the aroh-rasoal bad waited for his oomrades to return, whom Matt Soames and I lmd soared out of all etomaoh to do so. His holy was v nowhere to bo found. Tho son had washed it o'?, but tbe sack they recovered, and found it to bold — — n»—— oc— — a—M — m theohoioest of Delia's heir- looms. Within on hour the remaining coffers and the money. bags were safe in tho vessel's hold. The sun woe setting, as Dolia and I stood on tbo beaoh, beside the boat that was to take her from mo. Aboard the GndBend I- could hoar tbo auohor lifting, and tho men sieging, aa holding Molly's bridle, I hold out my hand to tho dear maid who with mo had shared so many a peril. " Is thero any more to onmo?" sho asked. " Ho," said I, and God knows my heart was heavy, " nothing to come hat ' Farewell !' " She Inid her small hand in my big palm, and glanoing up, said very prettily and demurely — "And shall I leave my beet? Wilt not oome, too, oear Jaok ?" "Delia!" I stammered. "What is this P I thought yon loved mo not.'' " And so did I, Jack : and thinking so, I found I loved theo better than ever. Fie on tbee, now ! May not a maid change her mind without being foiced to such unsoemly, brazen words ?" And sho heaved a meek sigh. \- But as I Btood and held that little hand, I seemed across the very mist of happiness to read a sentence written, and apoko it perforce and slow, ae with another man's month. " Delia, yon only havo I loved, and will love ! Blithe would I be to live with yon, and to serve you would blithely die. In sorrow, then, oall for me, or in trust abido mo. Bat go with you now, I may not." Sho lifted her eyos, and looking fall into mine, repeated elowly the vorse wo had read at our first mcoting " In a wife's lap, as in a grnvo, Man's airy notions mix with earth — thou hast found it, sweetheart — th'.-u host fonnd tbe Splendid Spur !" She broke off, and clapped her hands together very merrily ; and then, as a tear started — " But thou'It oome for me, ero long, Jaok ? EIbc I am sure to blame some other woman. Stay " Sho drew off her ring, and slipped it on my little finger. " There's ray token ! How give me one to weep and bo glad over." Having no trinkets, I gave my glove ; and she kissed it twice, and pat it in her bosom. " I have no need of this ring," said I, " for look !" and I drew forth the look I had cut from her dear head, that morning among the alders by Kennet side, and worn ever since over my heart. "Wilt marry no man till I oome?" " How, that's too hard a promise," said she laughing, and shaking her curls. " Too hard !" " Why, of oourse. Listen, sweetheart, a true woman will not change her mind, hut, oh, she dearly loves to ho able to. Sn, bating this, hero's my hand npon it, now, fio, Jaok ! and before all these mariners ; well, then if thou must " I watched her standing in the stern and wav ing, till she was under tho Godsend's side ; then turned, and mounting Molly, rode inland to the wars. The End. 