Me* mû Sffoitfa*. [KOW FIUST PUBLISHED,] j BY ORDER OF THE CZAR. TJIE TIUOIO STORY OF ANNA Kl-OSSTOUK, TUB QUEEN OP THE GHETTO. BY .lOSF.PU HATTON. Author of " Cruel London," ?. Tho Throe Recruits," "John Needham's Double," Aa, [ALL mourn RESERVED.] PAKT IV. CHAPTER I.-THE COUNTERS TÜLLS HER PTORY TO nm BHOTHF.KHOOD AND PHILIP. Thc foreign quarter of London with whioh the public in fupposL-d to be mo-'t familiar is in truth tho least known of the many mysterious districts nf the great metropolis. 80110, in its own peculiar way, possesses as many strange ramifications as the black circle of Whitechapel, which environs tho tragic footsteps of thc most terrible ef modern assassins. The police have the key to many of the retreats in which political exiles and foreign conspirators meet to hold friendly intercourse, arid to hatch plots of social regeneratinn and personal vengeance. But Scotland Yard hus no special reason for inter lering with the meetings of these continental outcasts, so lung as they du not offend tbs Eoglifih laws. Thu liberty of the subject in these islands overs thc stranger as well as the native. To plot against the life of potentate, Btatesman or { private citizen, however, of this or any other country would, of conree, bring conspirators under legal restraint ; but it is not the business of the London police to act the part of spies upon political exiloB ; and who is to interpret the secret thoughts nf the sole.mn mysterious men and women who live quiet lives ia the regions of Solio, or report to the police the Bpoken words of their private gatherings ! England, America and Switzerland have for many years bceu thc plotting grounds of I Nihilists and Social Democrats. If it were possible to separate the patriot whoie faith and hopes are satisfied by a whole- some agitation, from the patriot whose bitter political programme is one of dagger, dynamite, and vident social upheaval, the Government would no doubt be ready to draw a hard and fast line on the side of pacific opera'iona as against the violence of revolution. But liberty is compelled to allow a large margin for licence, and it le better that an oc- casional culprit, who might deserve death or life-long imprisonment, should receive the protection of our shores, rather than that an unchecked despotism should work its will upon the high-minded agitator, whose only crime is a national enthusiasm for the re- generation of his oountry. And so it comes about that London is the sanctuary of the political exile, not being aotually a proved murderer liable to ex- tradition ; though it nius't.bo confessed that Soho haB sheltered macy « conspirator who has been associated with attacks on authority entitled to condemnation as outside the pale of mere political conspiracy. Of such was more than one of the persons met together, some two weeks after the Venetian fetes, at the Parisian Cabaret, in a oertain cul-de-sac known as Thomas's Alley, within a stone's throw of Dean Street. The Parisian Cabaret was a email un fretentious café, at the extreme end of homas'a Alley ; smuggled away in one corner ol it, as if it had been built into an unin- tentional architectural vacancy-an after- thought in the higgledy-piggledy plan of the original builders. The lower part of the bouse was occupied with a large bow window and a quaint doorway, with an over- decoration in the centre of which was a date indicating that the architecture belonged to the picturesque period before the age of Btucco and iron. The upper stories were curiously gabled ; and the quaint windows, glazed in much smaller squares thau is usual In these dav», were prettily decorated with French blinds neatly tied back witb coloured ribbons. The place had a singularly clean look ; and the principal, and, indeed, Only saloon for eating, drinking end dominoes, had a white eanded Soor and white painted panelling that were pleasantly characteristic. The Parisian Cabaret waB, in- deed, much «leaner and far more agreeable to look upon than moat of its enetomers, one or twe of whom lived on the premises : notably, Ivan Kostanzhoglo, wbo was a moving spirit of that brotherhood in which Anna Klosstock had been enrolled as one of the two women who had been considered worthy of ita con- fidence. Ivan Kostanzhoglo bad been for Borne time stationed in landon as a controlling agent of certain movements that had been made more or less iu combination with other aectiuns of tbe Young Russian party ; but, under orders, be was about to run the risk of reappearing in St. Petersburg, where a rendezvous bad been settled for himself, Paul Petroski, Anna Klosstock, Andrea Ferrai I, and other earnest confederates. The startling incident of the far-reaching power of Nihilistic vengeance at Venice, while it had etifieued the surveillance of the Kassian police at all the ports of entry into Russia, and led to numerous amata in the interior, had exercised a tremendods reviviying in- fluence upon the widespread conspiracy which aimed et the overthrow ofthe Imperial power. The guides and chiefs of the party of action believed in following np the assassination of Petronovitob witb a striking dramatio de- monstration at headquarters. It waa in connection with this so-called patriotic action of the Yoong Russian party that the private doors of the email under Sound apartment, which was rented by Ivan ostanzhoglo, were opened to receive company some two weeks after the Ghost of the Lagoons had startled Venice from its customary repose. Sittlug at a round table, lighted with a lamp, were our friends Ferrari, in bia shirt sleeves, a loose light coat hanging over his chair (it was a very hot night); Anna Kloss tock, in a simple sober black gown, without collar or ouffs, her bair gathered up beneath a blaolt bonnet ; Paul Petroski, of Mosoow, who had kept his faith at the little hotel cn the ?uay at Venice, and also at the Fazio Palace ; van Kostanzhoglo, a swarthy, thick-set Muscovite, attired in semi-fashionable French garments; and three others whom it is un- necessary to name. "I claim," said Anna Klosstock, "the right to acquaint him with my history in your presence before the final oath is administered to him." " Madame koowa beat," said Ivan, who sat opposite to her, quietly rolling cigarette« and smoking them, os if to do so waa the one chief duty in life. " We know Madame's history," said Paul. " Why repeat it in our présenos ?" " Have our friends," asked Anns, turning to Ferrari and then glancing at the three persons unnamed, "been made acquainted with our victory at Venice !" " We only know," said one of them, " that Petrtmovitch, our bitterest foe, has fallen be- fore tho triumphant onslaught of the brother- hood." " It will give encouragement to your hopes and strength to your arm to hear that recital. I count it a part of my duty to record unto you an account of my stewardship, and that of our brethren, Ferrari aud Petrotki. " " We shall thank you for the revelation," said one. "It is no doubt our due to know it,'said the other, "And there is nothing so inspiriting as a general's own story ol MB viotory," said the third. " In a few minutes," said Anna Klosstock, "there will arrive for admission to the brotherhood, a young English gentleman, who is devoted to me and my poor fortunes. He has accepted, at the hands of Andrea Ferrari, the oath of seoreoy ; but not the oath of com- radeship, which would entitle bim to our pass- words and to share the glories and dangers of our cause. Brothers," she «aAd, riling, " thia . yoong mon hu none Of the motives that we We for the labour* and dangen we have undertaken. He wu bom in Moscow, lt Is true, ead hi« early youth saw oar brother and sliter exiles of the past go forth upon their fatal journeyings to Siberia. He has a BonBitive and generous nature : the memory of those things has sunk deep into bis heart ; but he is young, His mother ia a widow ; a patriot, a devoted friend of all exiles. It is his misfortune to have fallen in love with your bumble companion." Tho smilo that for a moment illuminated the fuco of Ivun Koatanzhoglo vanished at a glance from Ferrari ; and Anna Klosstock continued to speak as if she were alone, unconscious of the mun who eat around her. " It ia not necessary for mc to say to what extent I have returned his étrange devotion." " Not »cry stcaoge," whispered one of the unnamed to his neighbour, "if a lovely face and figure liuve anything tu'do with inspiring leve." "Hut." elie continued, "I mn unwilling that for my sake thia young English gentle- man shall further jeopaidibc his position anil his liberty. He pr. t'eoaea to be under the spell ot our great cause, to desire no other life than one that »hall be devoted to it, in memory of his young lifo in Moscow, and that he may be at least my comrade. He only kuowa ino as the Countess Stravenaky. 'lb binn Anna Klusstock is nothing. Her life, her love, her miseries, her motives for revenge, her part in our great victory of Venice are to him an en- tire blank. While reporting, as one of our secret brotherhood, to this meeting, I défaire to convey to him the particulars of my career, that they m ty disenchant him and show him the aby.'s upon which he stands. Should he then persist iu throwing in bis lot with ours, I B*k you to accept bim." Âs she sat down there was a murmur of dis- sent, question, and admiration ; and the en- tire brotherhood for a few moments seemed all to be talking at once, but not much above a whisper. Presently Ferrari waa heard alone. "To me, Madame's wish," be said, "ia law. Throughout all our operations, in every instance of peril, Madame bas never made a mistake. I have to this young man admin- istered the first oath of secrecy, f believe him worthy, and capable of being one of us. My vote is for Madame." "And mine," taid Ivan Koatauahoglo; "though it is a dangerous element, the ad- mission nf a sentiment beyond patriotism." " Hut love," said Paul Petroski, " is a | ewer that has helped us often, and in many straits." " And we agree," said one of the tcree un- named, " that it is to the frank, open state- ment of Madame, that we should not oppose her judgment in this, when it has always been true." "Go, then," eatd Anna, to Ivan Kostaozhoglo. " In the saloon you will find our visitor. He will be silting at the table io the right band corner, by the pillar near the fireplace. He is young, dark, handsome. You cannot mistake him. Hia dress, a shabby disguise ; yet you oacnot fall to see tbrongb ft the features, the figure of a gentleman." Ivan rolled another cigarette, and left the room through its double doorway, which was guarded until his return by Ferrari. It was not altogether an uncomfortable apartment, though it lacked ventilation, which was obtained chiefly through an orifice in the chimney, where a etrong gaslight was burning, and around which there waa a con- tinual halo of smoke from the cigarettes which all, including Anna herself, were more or less eraokiog. There were a few odd engravings upon the dark wallpaper, One or two easy chairs, a small book-case, and a map of Europa. Anna leaned back thoughtfully in her chair, and breathed a few whiffs of smoke from aa Egyptian cigarette, a bundle of wbicb lay be- fore her. She pushed these aside and ceased smoking as Ivan Eostanzhoglo entered with Philip Forsyth, who Waa iudeed disguised in shabby habiliments ; sad io face and feature for that matter, his cheeks pale and annken, his eyes surrounded with a black rim, his hair long and straggly. He wore a pair of bluish French trousers and a thin alpara frock-coat, buttoned to the throat : and in epite of the hot weather and the closeness of the under- ground atmosphere, he looked cold and chilly ; but when later on he spoke, his voice was strong and bis manner expressed the physical strength which, to look at bim, you would not have expected him to possess. " Brethren," said Anna Klosstock, rising, leaving ber seat, and taking Philip by the hand, "this is our English friend, whose heart has bled for the miseries of oar country, who Is anxious to join oar brotherhood, ead who has sworn the first oath of seoreoy." Philip looked round with a quiet inquiring gaze, and then fixed his eyes upon Anna with au exnreaslon of astonishment. She was still beautiful; but it was the beauty of tbe street and the alley, the beauty of despair, the beauty that shiuoa sadly through the Bun-oundings of rags and poverty. Her figuro seemed to have shrunk into her thin, shabby black gown; and the shadow that fell upon her, as she stood by the radiance of the somewhat dim lamp upon the table, gave a sombre look to her face which was unusual in PblUp'e experience of its varied characteristics. It was borne in upon his mind that lt lacked even the tragio beauty that belonged to the despairing, defiant face he had seen at the opera and conveyed to hit canvas. " Welcome, brother," said the confederates, one after the other, as they shook bim by the hand. "Be eeated," said Ivan, "and we will pledge you to our better acquaintance;" whereupon, turning to the little bookcase and opening a cupboard beneath,. Ivan brought forward a couple of bottles of red wine, opened them, aod placed glasses upon the table. Philip drank in a meohanioal half-deoided way, conscious, as if by instinct, that some- thing was about to take place, hardly In keeping with thoso heroio aspiration) with which he had credited the Countess and ber confederates. Not that be had expeoted anything like a rose-leaf couooil, or a carpet oonspiraoy ; but there was something in the change from the bright, clean, cheerful saloon of tbe little l arislan Cabaret, to the half lighted, dull, prosaic, double-looked apart- ment, and its heavy-browed, ill- dressed occupants, that chilled his spirits, and, for a moment, recalled to bim his unnatural ellie from his mother and friends, who were, at that moment, so dose to him and yet so far away. But presently, when, unintentionally, Ferrari bad moved the lamp from before the face of Anna Klosstock, In such a way that when she rose it illuminated her entire figure, the old strange infatuation took possession of him, and he listened as one in a dream. " Brethren," said Aunt, rising and laying, down the cigarette which she had still held between ber fingers, " 1 have to report to you. the result of the brotherhood's mission at Venice ; and for the information of our visitor, who seeks for weal or woe to be our comrade in tbe great cause to which we are pledged,. 1 beg you to permit that I shall mention one of. the motives which brought us originally together. When I was a young giri I hived happy and contented with my father, who was the principal Jew merchant of Oiaronva. There came to our village one Loekuki, a young learnod scholar, who was appointed Rabbi. I fell in love with him, he with me, Wo were betrothed, lt was the eve of the solemnization of our marriage. But at the height of Czsronva a happineea, there came a new governor, General Petronovltch, and with bim the wicked risings against tke Jew« with ?word and fire, which yon all remember, less than ten yean ago. This governor from St. Petersburg wai a sensualist, a tyrant and an assassin. He found villainous excuse to, nttaok our house, to confiáoste my fatherV estate, to send him to that living death, Siberia ; to seize upon the young and learned Rabbi, my lover, to oondemn him to the knout. Maddened with my despair, I sought the Governor at his palace, a suppliant for mercy. By fair promises he Induosa me for a rayment to trust bira. The prime he oom. nutted against roe was one won« than death," Philip Forsyth felt hts heart stand still. He olotohed his chair and pressed his feet ! upon the floor to prevent himself from falling. One of the unnamed, noticing his trouble, clutched him by the arm and pressed wine upon him as Anna oontinued her narrative. " The next day I witnessed the execution of Lotinski, and raising my voice in revolt and defiance, excited my people of the Ghetto into revolt. In the midst of their attack upon the iiondiah despot, I was dragged to the scaffold myself, and there beaten out of all sensibility, to wake up finally in the hospital, a miserable wreck, with sufficient life still left to swear eternal vengeance upon General l'etronovitch, the onlv effort of existence left to me. the one red spark of kopo in my earthly dungeon. Surely it wa* that oue hope that gave me life. My wounds drasscd with salt-I spare you even a single word about the physical agony I suffered-1 began to recover, and it was thought iu time I should bo well cuough to undergo a continuation of my sentence, which belonged to the gaol aud the mino ; but by some unaccountable intervention 1 was re- leased and carried away to a foreign city. There was one great, good friend of the Jew, who lived on thc uutBkins of Czaronva, a Russian noble, who had, uniter pressure of ingratitude and persecution from his master, joined a branch of this brotherhood of the Dawn." For a moment tho speaker paused in response to suppressed but vigorous tokens of approval. " The Cause and the Brotherhood I" almost shouted one of tho unnumcd, raising his glass and clinking it with tliote of his neigh- bours. Philip watched the womau with an intent gaze of wonder, "His name was Stravensky-thc Count Stravenaky. He Knew my father, he knew me ; saw me on that fatal day, hurrying to the traitor's palace, endeavoured to iuterpose for me on the soaffjld, was rebuffed, and ordered to his home. His wealth and his early services to the Czar, the greatness of bis family nome, and his burning desire for vengeance, sent him to St. Petersburg, where he resolved to right his way diplomatically to place and position, his left hand the Emperor's, his right hand for Russia. It was through his intervention that I was removed, through his intervention that I was reported dead. That waa tho only report the Govern- ment would accept ; and so Auna Klosstock died. In a few years there arose from that moral death a new woman, Educated in Italy by scholars, tended by devoted women ; witb what obieot. with what ambition, thev knew not, nor did I (or a time half suspect how Fate waa working for me. Day nor nhjht did I ever ceaae to pray for vengeance upon fetronovitch, whoae march of advancement I watched with a smile of hato, noted his achievements in Central Asia, bia proud con- quests in the field, his social and diplomatic victories. One day there came for me a messenger from my kind patron. I accom- panied madame to Paris. There, after a few days of formality and instructions, I stood by the bed of Count Stravensky, was made bis wife, and received from him ihe legacy of bis patriotic aspirations, and his last benediction on my vow of vengeance. They only knew in St. Petersburg that the Count had married a cultured, but humble lady of Italy. The Count bad laid his plans carefully and well. I was received by Bis Majesty the Czar, on my way to deal with my estates in Vilnavitch in the neighbourhood uf C'zaronva. I have held my own, I hope, as the Countess Stravensky, never forgetting the wrongs of Anna Klosstock, the persecution of the Jews, sod my vows tc this brotherhood." Again she paused, for the suppressed de- monstrations of her audience, who, much as they had seen of tragic trouble and romance, were carried away, not alone with Anna's story, but with the majesty of the woman as I she narrated it. Philip still eat a dumb witness ; moved by | deep emotions, but standing apart, as it were, altogether from his compaoions ; listening to I Anna's story from a different standpoint, in- fluenced altogether from motives they could neither follow nor understand. " To the patient and the truo, the day they hope for comes. It was at Venice, two weeks ago. You remember, some of you, our parting here, the naming of our rendezvous for Paul Petroskf, for Ferrari, for myself. We met again, I and the General Petrono vitch ; once more, aa the Countess Stravensky, Anna Klosstock again had the honour to find favour in hie cruel eyes. Not as in the old days did she struggle to be free from that cruel evil glance. She invited it, sought it, courted it in the very presence of his wife ; won him to her eido, SB Gretchen might have won the Fiend, methinks, had sha desired. I beckoned ; he came. I tolerated the pressure of his false lips upon this hand upon this hand !"-she continued, raising her right arm aloft and clutching her fingers ss if ehe held a dagger there-" that beckoned bim to his desth ! Amidst the genoral gasp of satisfaction whioh welcomed Anna's tragic declaration, Philip covered his face with his hand. Anna looked at him for the first time daring her confession. "Does anyone doubt my right to the vengeance which has thrust the dagger of the Brotherhood into this eupreme wretoh ? Let bim look npon me 1" Philip, feeling that these words were addressed to bim, raised his head and again fixed his eyes upon the speaker. " Let him know why I am a Nihilist of the Nihilists 1 Let him behold my title to vengeance 1" As she spoke she tore open her dress, exhibiting a lovely white arm and part of a beautiful bust, turning at the same time with swift rapidity to exhibit her right shoulder and her neok, no farther than is considered correct by ladies of fashion at balls and in the opera stalls, but sufficient to thrill iron men who bad themselves been witnesses of the worst of Russian tortures, lied and blue, deep ridges and welts cross id and recrossed each other, with intervals of angry patches of red, and weird daubs of grey that blurred and blotted out all remains and tokenB of tbe beautiful form with which nature had endowed one of its loveliest creatures. Philip looked, and fell forward upon the table with a cry of horror, his head in his hands. ~ The others remained dead still for a few seconds, until Ivan Eostanzhoglo rose quietly from his seat, replaced the torn garment over the woman's shoulders, and kissed her reverentially upon the forehead. As Anna, herself much overcome, resumed her seat, Andrea Ferrari advanced to Philip and laid bis hand upon his hhoulder, at which the young fellow looked round. "Philip Forsyth," said, ferrari, "it will be against the wiBh of Anna Klosstock if you take the oath that will make you, body and soul,.one of us. What have you to say !" " Nothing," he replied. " Petronovitoh is dead." (To be continued.) 