THE STORYTELLED NINA THE NIHILIST. A KOMAflCE OP THE EUSSIA OF TO-DAY. Bs JAMES S. BOELASE. Author of ' Both Princess and Police Spy,' , ' Through a Thousand Perils,' ' Queen ' of the Harem,' 'TbeEoseof Rochdale,' &c.; CHAPTER XX. EQUAL TO THE OCCASION. When Leonie had asked the terrible Nihilist chief as a personal favor to kill her then and there, she moved towards the table, and into the full glow of the mellow gaslight as it shone through the pink ground-glass globes.. There was nothing of the pouting, for WHfU. ituu jw uvjr vixiiiu auuuu not uuvr ? xu ) was evident at a glance that she fully realised her; fearful position, and had I summoned -up courage to face it, as well I as to endure whatever agony awaited her, Her face, to her very lips, was colorless, and there was as wildly agonised a look in her beautiful eyes as there is in a stag when hunted nearlj to the_ death. She had evidently a difficulty in preventing her pallid lips from trembling, and her little pearly teeth, from chattering in her head. When she reached the table she laid hold of the edge to steady herself, and then it became apparent that her legs almost refused to support her. As she stood there trembling and pant ing, the Prince caught her up in his arms with a great gasp. ! ' He shan't hurt a hair on your sunny head, my beautiful, my own. I would die a thousand deaths to save you.' The grim Nihilist uttered a short, con temptuous laugh; ' Come,1 said he, ' if the lady really j wishes me to oblige her she must not keep ^ me waiting ; so bo quick with your kisses, §9 for she won't Jook very palatable when W I've done with her. I consider myself \m very j*ood-natured to undertake such a H dirty job.' w Here the ruffian drew an immense | bowie knife of American manufacture out j of bis belt, and began to give it an edge I upon his boot sole. 1 The Prince drew Leonie's face down ,, upon his breast, so that she could not see ' the terrible and cold-blooded preparation that the Nihilist was making for her ? slaughter, and then addressed him — 2 ' I will give you half my fortune if you ; ?will spare her, yet report to the Tribunal that she had been disposed of according *\ to order.' 1 ' And of what worth would be my life ; did I consent to play such a fool's part ? I Besides .1 would not turn traitor to the I good cause for all the gold in Christen 1 aom.' H ' Monster, if you despise gold, does her i beauty not appeal on her behalf ?' i 'So little that I'd like to tickle her a beauty with red hot bodkins, as extra « punishment for her offences. I consent I to despatch her to save you pain, because I I can see how she has bewitched you ; I but as for her, pah ! I regard her as a I wolf, nothing loss nor more. Come let I us put an end to the affair, for I really would not like to have the killing of your daughter, since she has a heart that feels for the poor ai)d needy, and that is worth a hundred pretty false faces.' ' Oh, kiss me and let me die,' sobbed Leonie. ' It will be so sweet to die for the dear Princess. The thought wil. rob death of its sting, indeed it will.' 'My darling, my saint, my angel,' groaned the Prince in agony of spirit. [ ' It's fortunate that she asked me to do j the job, I think,' said Tschekin in a tone of contempt, ' for I can plainly see that had it been left to you it would never [ have been done. Come, como, madame, I the sooner you make up your mind to the I operation the sooner it will be over, and j the quicker you are on your back on that table the better. Stay, though, on second thoughts we'll do it inside the closet, and then there'll be no mess about.' ' Oh, yes, kill me out of the dear I Prince's sight,' twisting herself half I round and holding out her bare arms to the hideous assassin ; ' promise him only that you won't disfigure mo much, for I would like to look pretty after I am dead. Perhaps my second father would kiss me if I did; perhaps the sweet Princess even would kiss me. If you would cut down my dress an inch or two just here (indicating the spot with a finger-tip) you would see my poor little heart thumping, and if you were then to run your knife gently in where there is a little blue vein traversing my white skin, it would soon reach and still it, would it not? But don't touch me if your hands are rough and dirty, will you, my good man ?' 'Not I. I'll humor you. My hand would sooner grasp another honest man's than touch the likes of you. But I admire your pluck, little one.' He proceeded to do Leonie's bidding, but he was clumsoy and priokod her. She gave a little subdued cry and shudder of pain,* and the Prince dashed his fist into the Nihilist's face. The blow was a heavy one, but the man stood as firm as a rock. Then he laughed, and, drawing a hand kerchief out of his pocket, as though to wipe his face, which was bleeding from the blow, he suddenly pressed it against the Prince's nostrils, who fell to the floor, carrying Leonie with him. But an instant later she was torn from his grasp by one of her soft, round arms, and dragged towards the secret recess. Tsohekin how expected screams, but she uttered none. Instead, she said, in sweet, forgiving tones— 'Thank you for sparing him the pain of seeing me suffer, for I have learned to lovo him. oh, so much.' 'You would have betrayed him to death or exile among many others, you spy.' ' I would have 'done so months, aye, or oven a week ago, but not now. You do not believe me P Well, so bo it ; but why should I lio just a minute before I am butchered P' ' It would be a food's game to do so, be cause such a Ho could not be atoned for. But that is your look-out.' ' Bo assured that I would speak nothing but the truth at a moment so awful as this. But, oh ! I fear that I shall be tho cause of the poor Prince's ruin after', all. The death of him whom I love as a second father !' and Leonie suddenly began to weep and sob, and to wish that she had time to confess something. ' TJmph ! Weil, I'm not exaotly the out of a father-confessor, but I was educated to_ be a priest, and if you feel a few minutes' jabber to me wo'ild do you any good, or help to get the Prince out of a scrape, I will try to summon up enough patience to listen to you. Is your crime likely to cause death or ruin to any more folks P'_ Leonie Leroy saw that the man was in terested, though he pretended not to be, but she petulently replied — ' What do I care about others P My heart, at a time like this, can only feel for myself and the very few who have been good and kind to me. Oh, I don't know how I can undo the mischief that I have caused. I abstracted some letters from the Prince's cabinet — letters, not in ordinary writing, but in some kind of a cipher, queer-looking characters, you know, and I gave them — ' ' Great Heavens ! To whom P' de manded the Nihilist, the vindictive malice that had up to that moment been the prevailing expression of his counten ance changing to one of terror. 'You gave those documents to the Police Minister, I suppose P Confess it.' 'No, no, indeed I did not. But — but I didn't know his Highness. I had learned by bitter experience to doubt the pro fessions and the friendship of all men. I was frightened in this great gloomy palace ; I had read of dungeons and secret passages. I fancied all sorts of dangers that have never threatened me here, and I took this pnekot and gave it to a friend, along with other papers, bogging that he would take them to the Police Bureau and make enquiries con cerning me there, when for four consecu tive afternoons I had failed to walk across the Admiralty Square at a certain hour. Ob, sir, do you think that any harm can come by the Prince from my foolishness ?' ' Yes— no. Let me think. You may sit down in that chair if you like.' Leonie gladly availed herself of the ?permission. She felt deadly faint, and sick ard giddy with the terrible excite ment and peril of her situation, and yet she was conscious of an expression of triumph in her face which caused, her to drop it over her heaving chest, and pre tend to be looking for the tiny blue vein on her left side into which she had begged her executioner to thrust his broad-bladed bowie-knife. Meanwhile he eyed her with a baffled, bull dog expression of countenance. Presently he asked her : ' This friend of yours, who holds these letters that you speak of — is it a he or a she, and in what part of the square was the individual to look out for you P' ' I was to be watched for from a win dow over-looking the square.' ' Why there are at least a thousand that can do that. Thank you much for tho information.' This was uttered in a very discontented tone. Leonie clasped her hands, pretending not to notice it, and sinking on her knees exclaimed : ' Oh, save the Prince and his daughter without my compromising others !' ' I don't see how I can. No, I think you must die ; and the Prince take his chance' ' Then I will tell all. or nearly all. My friend is the French Ambassador.' ' One ot the few men whom we cannot get at, and all our lives are at his mercy,' moaned the Nihilist to himself. Then he asked aloud : ' Are the letters sealed up, or only tied around P ' Sealed up ; and he promised not to open the packet.' ' Then you can send for them, and save the Prince and his daughter also.' ' Oh, give me at once pen, ink, and paper. You shall dictate all that I am to say. And yet, alas ! it will be of no use, for I asked the Ambassador to keep the packet in the most secret place, and not to deliver it up unloss I came in per son to the Embassy for them.' ' A fox must have been your father, and a jackal your dam, curse you ! You have not only saved the Prince, but your own miserable, wretched life as well,' gasped the Nihilist, foaming with impo tent rage. ' No no,' exclaimed Leonie, ' kill me. I don't want to live now. The bitterness of death is passed. It has lasted for half an-hour. What would be a moment's anguish to that P' ' Fool ! how can I kill youP Can you, make your ghost perambulate the Admiral Square of- an afternoon P No, you must live, that you shall be made a naturalised ' Russian subjeot, and you shall be forced to marry the Prince, and you shall become a sworn member of our society, vand then it would be hotter that you had your throat out a hundred times than betray us, for the doom of a traitor is terrible indeed.' CHAPTER XXI. 'WHAT A' STEPMOTHER I WILL BE TO THAT HATEFUL NINA.' As he 'uttered the concluding words, or rather hissed them in his terrible rage, Tschekin suddenly struck the woman whose guile had been too powerful for his thirsty knife and tiger-likb ferocity, combined, and dashing her down in a corner with the strength of the blow, he strode nut of the recess and: closed the secret door. Henext looked around the library, and perceiving that the Prince still lay uncon scious, he lost no time in attempting to bring him round. Nor was he long in doing so, for the effects of the chloro formed handkerchief had already almost passed away. 'Monster!' was the first exclamation that Prince OrlofJ gave utteranco to. Tsohekin laughed hoarsely, and then responded : ' Call me rather angel of mercy, for my knife has gone to bed clean, and the French woman yet lives.' ' So her beauty at last disarmed even thy remorseless hand?' retorted the Prince. 'Not a bit of it. Come over to yon corner among the flowers and I'll te 1 your Highness what I did,' and he assisted tho Prince across the room. As soon as he had sunk into a chair beneath the golden fruit and' the silvery blossoms of the orange, lemon; and citron trees, for he was still very weak and somewhat confused from the effects of the Chloroform, Tschekin said : ' The French woman has shown me her hand, and I've had a good look, over her trumps.' ?Well, well,' retorted the Prince impatiently, ' come to the point.' ' I have altered my opinion about her being a commonplace police spy. She has sought more to catch a husband than to betray a nation.' ' A husband P' repeated the Prince, with a puzzled expression ; ' a husband ?' _ ' I say what I mean. The letters in cipher that she stole from you — ' 'I will not telieve her guilty of such an action,' interrupted OrlofF fiercely. ' Oh, man of little wit,' sneered Tschekin. ' She has confessed to the deed. But she has not handed them over to the Police Minister. I believe her there, because, had she done so, you and I, and at least threescore more, would by this time have been in the dungeons of Sohtusselberg, or far on our way to Siberia. No; she has deposited them with the French Ambassador, why I will leave her to explain. The result is that instead of my killing her you must marry her.' ' Marry her 1 I will marrv her this ?very night, and leave Russia with her to morrow.' ' You know well that you can do neither without the Czar's consent— and ours.' 'The Czar's consent I can readily obtain, and I presume the other also.' ' Quite the contrary. The name and alliance of one so high in rank are invaluable, they give respectability to the whole concern. If your Highness abandoned the cause others would do so likewise. No. once a Nihilist always a Nihilist. Thero are many ways leading to our sacred confraternity, but only one way out, and that through the grim portals of the tomb. You must marry the woman Leroy, she must be made a naturalised Russian subject, and she must become one of us. When she is fully initiated she will know bettor than to betray us. What thinks your Highness on that point P' ' My thoughts on it are such that I am almost sorry that you did not murder her.1' ' Lend me your ear— a little closer yet — and I will tell you why I did not kill her.' The Prince bent his head forward, and Tschekin spoke for a few seconds in a whisper. , When he had done and the Prince raised his head, his face was as white as ashes. ' It must be. Ayo, I see that it must be. May God have mercy on us both,' he gasped faintly. And then he added : 'You will repeat all this to the Tribunal ?' 'Within the present hour; but fear not that its members will disapprove of what I have done. They respect my master-mind as they respect your High ness' high rank.' ' Now,' said Tschekin suddenly, ' I must be gone. To-morrow morning you will repair to the Czar and ask his permission to marry the Frenchwoman. Obtained, you will avail yourself of it at once, and in as private a manner as possible.' I Suppose that I have a wife still living P' ' Should such a thing bo, and I do not dispute the possibility because I have heard of your Highness' history, you are aware, as is all the rost of the world, that you would be as legally a widower through her being an exile in Siberia as through her death.' The Prince groaned, but recovering himself by an effort, he said, with a sorry attempt at a smile : ' Then, after all, you are not afraid to trust me in the presence of the Emperor. You place implicit faith in my honor P' I 1 place implicit faith in the power of the Tribunal. You love your daughter and you love the Frenchwoman, and you knqw what we could and should do to 'both did you dare to play us false. There are forty- five thousand soldiers in St. Peters burg and five thousand pieces of cannon Draw them all in a cordon around these two women, and do you think that oven then that they would, for long, bo pre served from our daggers P4 Your High ness knows better. A man who cant swim may be trusted to wander where he likes on an island without boats. Marry Leonie to-morrow night and live in a fool's paradise as long as you can. She will bo true to you and to us, for the reason that your ruin would beggar her, and also, for weightior reasons still. But make her get those letters from the French Am bassador, for they form a firebrand that is safest in our own keeping.' And with a laugh Tschekin took his leave. No sooner had he gone than Orloff rose to his feet, crossed the room, pressed the lion's head, and opened the secrot door amidst the bookshelves. A flood of light permeated the recess, showing Leonie leaning against a wall, rosy, smiling, bright-eyed, and tying knots in her delicate laco handkerchief. ' Leonie,' he said, leading her forth. ' You've the courage of a martyr, but thank heaven you are not a martyr, except that you havo to marry me, a man old enough to be your f uther.' 1 Had I had my choice, all the. world over, I don't know who I would bo soon have married. But it is very sad that you should have to wed me against your will. Youshan'tdoit. I will take poison rather.' ' Poison ! Why, my little fairy, I have found out within the past hour that tho world, with all its pleasures, luxuries and honors, would be dust, and ashes without you, I love you more than my life.1 ' Well that's lucky, isn't it, since you must marry, me, and I am, oh, so very, vory clad to hear that you don't dislike me. But who is that dreadful man who makes people marry each other whether they want to or no, and- who would cut the throats of some folks if tbey did not happen to bo too sharp for him P' And Leonie Leroy laughed and shrugged her shoulders as she glanced at the Prince roguishly. ' Yes,' he replied with a slight expres sion of pain in his face, ' you were more than his match, Leonie, and that being the case, I am thankful from my heart, that you took those letters, and did with them— what you did.' Leonie released herself from his arms, tripped over to the door, oponed it, glanced up and down the passage and across the marble hall beyond. Then she closed the door, and tripped back to the Prince, with a rosy finger-tip raised to her lips, and an expression of almost comic mystery npon her beautiful countonanco. ' Take mo on your knees and ask me what I really did with those letters.' The Prince at once complied, and Leonie put her . pouting mouth to his ear, and whispered: ' I had a dream, which, told me that by taking them and hiding them I should save my life, and so, of course, I took them and hid them. Who wouldn't P But I did not give them to the French Am bassador. I told that story to frighten the dreadful man from killing me. No, I never doubted you, and the papers ore safe. I am too tired to go and fetch them now, and I only tell you about them that you may think well of me.' The words took an immense weight off his mind, for those documents comprised some of the noblest names in all Russia, the names of some who had been pillars of the Empire as far back as the time when the Czar Peter worked as a common shipwright in Deptford dockyard; aye, as far back even as the days of Ivan the Terrible; that fierce Czar who had the hat of a foreign Ambassador nailed down to his skull because he was slow at baring his head. So he assured Leonie that he was de lighted with her conduct, and expressed his wonder at her fertility of invention and presence of mind, going on to tell her that on the morrow he intended to go to the Winter Palace and ask the Czar's consent to their immediate nuptials. And whilst he was running on in this manner Leonie pretended a charming coy ness, and called blushes innumerable to her innocent face, but all tho while she was thinking ; ' In what a curious way have I won the dearest desire of my heart, and, oh I what a stepmother I will make to that hateful Nina.' CHAPTEE XXII. AN INTERVIEW WITH THE CZAB. In vain did honest Sliolto Douglas, the Lincolnshire inventor, look out for the promised visit of 'the' Russian High Admiral (as he supposed Prince Orloff to be) the following morning,, for at the hour when he had promised to be with him, the exalted individual in question sprang into his droschky, and, with a couple of wild, Mazeppa-like steeds loosely tacked on, as it were, to tho blood animal in his shafts, away he dashed, with the feathers in his cocked hat and his bright scarlet cloak streaming behind him, at the rate of thirteen miles an hour, in the direction of the Winter Palace, to get the interview over with the Emperor. Down the stately Nevski Prospect, with its churches, theatres, hotels, res taurants, and shops, than which London's Regent-street or New York's Broadway can show nothing finer or handsomer, past the Aumichkoff Palace, over the Canal Bridge, with its massive parapets surrounded by magnificent bronze groups of wild horses and their tamers, tho work of a Russian sculptor, and at last the famed Winter Palace is reached, with its yellow walls, its thousand and one windows, and its tall Presbajenski Guards pacing up and down with shouldered rifles. A magnificent band is playing, and the bright morning sun is streaming down, on that sublime rod of gold that forma the spire of the citadel Church of St. Peter and St. Paul, wherein all tho Czars of . Russia for many generations have been, buried. But Prince Orloff had no eye for its beauties, nor those on the broad Neva beyond, with water as blue as the open, sea, and dotted with rafts of timber from Lodoga, Ark-shaped barges from the dis tant Volga, and here or thore a schooner in full sail, a wasp of a gunboat, all snowv deck and gleaming brass work, or a river steamer crowded with excur sionists. Yet, though he took no notice of these things, Prince Orloff was keen enough to observe Count Alexis Tolkstoias he came stalking out of the Piilace in his cobalt blue uniform, his high polished boots, waving plumes, and with his solid silver helmet and cutlass bluzing like tho very sun. He noticed that the Count looked contented and happy, and the sight dis pleased him. ' What business has ho to be happy P* tho Prince asked himself, ' when I havo forbidden his having anything further to say to my daughter Nina ?' The young officer saluted him with great politeness, but Princo Orloff replied with a most frwid stare, for he could not forget the blighted life and the broken heart of Leonie Leroy's friend, since everything connected with the fas oinating French girl was dear to him in this hour of many hallucinations. Thero was a fire in Count Tolkstoi'a eyes and a curl of mocking triumph about the corners of his mouth as the Prince passed by, and. both expressions seemed to say : — ' I shall be avenged for his cold ness.' , ' Meanwhile the Princo had entered the Palace by the main portico to the left of the Coachman's Fireplace (a curious little erection of bright painted sheet iron, in shape like a dumpy Chinese tower, and ereoted as a shelter during those awful frost- bitten nights of mid-winter, when icicles grow on beards and proof spirit changes into solid ice in flask or bottle), and ascending a magnificent staircase, with a Presbajonski Guardsman standing motionless as a statue ot bronze on every landing, he threaded passage after pas sage with wall and columns of the glow ing whiteness of Kuzan marble and floors of Siberian pine, inlaid with intricate flower devices in rosewood and ebony, until he reached the anti-chamber of the reception room of the Emperor. The symptuous apartment was already pretty full of grandeos waiting an audience. There were present Marshals and Admirals of the Empire in evory variety of resplendent uniform, and mightiest of them all, but clad in plain black, a most mild, benignant and inoffensive looking little man, clean shaven as a Latin priest, with hands as small and delicate as those of a court lady, General Bourko, the dreaded Minister of Police. This man, the successor of Prince Golgoroukis, was in every way a different personage ? from his predecessor. Gol goroukis delighted to display the strength of giant in addition to possessing it. His was the lion's roar, and his was the lion's way of rending and tearing his prey tffth a great splashing of blood ; but Bourko was the serpent who bit without any warning, and then glided away, the puncture of whoso fangs left scarcolyl any mark, but which were deadly for al that— the prick of a poisoned needle, instead of the plunge of a reeking sword; Deep was the obeisance made to Prince Orloff, as one of the oldest of the Russian nobility; and the most humble, to all appearances, of any was the salutation of the meek little Police Minister ; yet his was the only one which the Princo replied to with embarrassment, for he knew well that that individual had it in his power (a. few secrets first discovered) to strip him of . honors, riches, ayo, name even, and to despatch him in tho dead of night as a mere numeral to the frightful lake oovered dungeons of Schtusselberg, or the still more awful mines of distant Siberia. In virtue of his princely rank, OrlofF had the_ right to penetrate to the Emperor's presence before any of the high functionaries that were there assembled awaiting their turn, and im patience to obtain an immediate answer to his petition prevented him from waiving his privilege, as more often than not it was his habit to do. The consequence was that in the course of a very few minutes the mediairallook ing court page, clad in velvet and cloth of told, with lace rufuVs at his wrists and throat, and his plumed cap tucked under his left arm, raised the quilted silken curtain that did duty for door between the two chambers (and shut out sound far more effectually than one), and ushered the Princo into the presence of the noble but ill-fated Alexander the Second. The handsomest Prince of his age a short quarter of a century ago, the cares of Empire had made him already a pre maturely old man, for ho had lived long enough to behold all his pet schemes for the happiness and welfare of his subjects turn to dust and ashes in his hands ; to discover that the more good he tried to do the more mischief was somehow wrought, the more enemies made, the more discontent evinced. He had found nine-tenths of his subjects slaves, and he had made them free, and they had cursed him for the boon, because they were too lazy to work, and their masters wore no longer obliged to give them food and clothing and lodging. The Czar received his princely visitor with ovident surprise, which appeared to be increased rather than lessened when OrlofE stated the reason of his coming. ' Your Highness is tho last man whom I should have suspected to havo been weak enough to be seized by so misplaced a passion,' said the Czar, coldly. 'I should hardly be your sincere friend did I humor you in this whim, for the Orloffs have always been proud of their descent, and I can imagine your descendants: xshafng at the intermingling with French blood, more especially such as courses through the veins of an opera bouffe actress. \Vh*t can you be thinking of, my dear Prince ?' 'Ah, sire, all men when they lovoare apt to do M-hat other men, looking ealm'y on, consider foolish things. But Cupid is the most absolute monarch iu existence, and even Emperors have consented to lose some portion of their popularity in order to please the boy-cod. ? If yon are dcterniiin-d to debase your high name and lineaije. it is no business of mine,' retorted tho Czar. ' But,' he added, conjuring up a smile, ' I am ready to mate a compromise with you, and lam heartily glad that it is still in my powor to make some good come out of evil._ I' give you leave to marry your beautiful infatuation, and in roturn you shall consent to your daughter's nuptials with joung Tolkstoi. Is it a bargain P' 1 Your Majesty, the young man's character precludes the possibility of sach s thing. I would rather follow ray daughter Nina to her grave than give her to him.' ' I am certain that some slanderer has prejudiced you against Count Tolkstoi. He is a portage' of the Empress, who is a 'keen judge of character. So deep an interest does she feel in tho young man, that not an hour ago she asked me to use my influence to induce you to revoke your' decision. j' Of course I could demand if I choose, but in a case, like this I prefer to plead.' '' ''? ( ro be continued.) 