Byv -ins. Bowsei. \When Mr. Bowser unlocked the front door one night this winter, lihe did it s, softly and lie male so little noise in the hall, that I suspected something wrong. He cane into the sitting room looking rather sheepish and like a mlan who had something on his mind ; but I asked no questions, and lie volunteered no information until after supper. Then he suddenly asked- "Do you keep up your pianoi l practice?" "Oh, yes. You hate music, so I don't play when you are here." "I hate music! what are you talk ing about 7" " You have often compared iimy playing to the sound of beating on an old tin pan." "VWell, of course you are a poor player, and your voice is cracked; but so far as mnusic is concerned-real music-it fills myil soul with joy." " But you never sing or play.:' " Haven't had time heretof,ore, linut "You intend to." " Yes. I feel the need something to make home more pleasant- to offer more diversion during the long hours of evening. I think I shall learn the iharlp." "At your age ?' " That's it? That's what I expected to hear ! "What's the matter with my age ? I am neither blind, speechless, or crippled. Pliny went in and learned six laniiguages after he was seventy yerns old." "Well, I suppose you brought home the harp ?" " Yes. It's a beauty, and I got it cheap. It's n real Givoni, and I 1 bought it of a man who was hard up. Got it for 35 dol, and it's worth 70 dol." " And you will try to learn to play it ?r: "Certainly. I had one lesson this afternoon, and in less than ia mloth I'll astonish you." " 'You will prictise in the garret, I suplpose 1" "Not by a jugful! I shall practise right here! That is, there won'i be imuch practice about it, as I shall be playing tunes by Saturday."3 He uncovere d and brough in a greasy, ill-sharped harp, which looked as if it had been carried around the country since the days of Columnbus,and when lie saw me looking at it lie said "This harp was made by Givoni himself over a 100 years ago." "Who was Givoni ?" " Who was Givoni ? Why don't you ask who George 'Vashington was? '" "Well, it's my opinion that you have been swindled on the instrument, and I fear you are too old to take up such llmusic." "Do you? That's a nice way to encourage a husband ! I see now why so many men run out at nights. I not only saved 40 dol. in buying this harp, linbut I'll make your heart ache with jealousy before the moith is over." He sat down and began to thrum. Ho held his head on one side, run out his tongue. and picked away at the scale, and lie had been going about five nminutes when the cook opened the door, beckoned me out, and whispered : "I give you notice that I shall leave after supper to-morrow." "'Why ; what is it ?" i asked. "Hiim-Mr. Bowser. He'll bring spooks and ghosts about. I have already been taken with palpitation of the heart. Mlercy ! but listen to those voices of the dead calling out to each other across their graves. Mrs. Bowser, it's the wonder of the people that you don't commit suicide." Mr. Bowser thrunmmned until I had to carry baby upstairs to quiet his howls, and until the endsof his fingers were sore, and lie wouldn't have quit when lie did, had not a voice in front of the house shouted- " Why don't someone throw a rock through the window or ring for the patrol waggon 1" Next day a dark skinned man who said he was a grandson of the hlate Givoni, came up and gave Mr. Bow ser a lesson, and the cook, who had almost consented to stay, suddenly rose up and rushed after her bundle. When ready to go she whispered to me " I'm sorry, mum ; sorry for you that's left. If the child dlies, send me word and I'll come and do all in my power.". Mr. Bowser took four lessons in all, and then told his teacher that his ser vices would be longer required. He took the last two lessons in the barn in order, as he said, to surpiise me. On the everiing of the last lesson he brought in the harp just as a couple of neighbors came in. He promptly res ponded to an invitation to show oft. but had not labored two minutes,when one of thd gentlemen asked "Have you any particular ,object in that, Mr. Bowser ?" "Of course lie has, " replied the other. " It is an imitation of a great calamity in .Japan-buildings shaken down by an earthquake-flames de vouring the ruins- husbands shouting -wives praying-children sobbing- dogs barking, etc. Is it your own ti'omposition, Ir. Bowser ? "Why-why, don't I play all right? The teacher said I was making won derful progress.' They beckoned him out into the alley and held a conference. What was said I do not know, but when Mr. Bowser came in lie looked very pale, and the first lie did was to give the harp a kick which opened all the joints and prepared it for the crash whichi camue when he flung it out of doors. " Mr. Bowser, have you gone crazy?" I demanded. " No imna'im, but Irve got i few words to say to you !" " What have I clone?" "Done ! Done ! \Who coaxed me into buying a iharp ?" " The grandson of Givoni. He had an old harp lie wanted to get rid of, and lie struck you for a flat and for twice its worth." " Struck ime for a flat !" lie shouted as lie walked around oil the cat." And why ! Because T was willing to libe swindled to keep peace in the family. You had your mind set on a harp, and harp you must have." " 'i. Bowser ! What did I want of a harp ?" " Heaven only knows. But for you I should never liave thought of trying to play on it. What do you suppose G reene andl Davis said ?" "That you were a dunce." ii"That if their wives led them around by thel nose as you do ime that they'd wipe the family out and then commiit suicide! I must have looked sweet dawdling over that old harp !" "You did. I told you that it was nonsense your trying to learn music at your age." "My age! There you go! Am In thousand years old ? Am I five hun dired? Aim I even one hundred, that you keep flinging it at me ! Music ! Why,. I've more music in my big toe than you have in your whole body. Mrs. Bowser, this is the limit. You have gone far enough. Now beware ! The worim is ready to turn !" But next morning the worm was a pleasant as June, and when ia crowd of a dozen boys paraded up andt down, each harping on a piece of that harp, Mr. Bowser never let on that lie saw or heard anything. Marriedl couples in France seem to be taking full advantage of the divorce laws since their restablishlnent six years ago. Since that time no fewer than 15,521 divorces have been pronounced. 