ELECTORATE OF GOULDCRlY. MR. TEECE AND HIS CONSTITUENTS. MINISTERIAL AND PARLIAMENTAIIY ADDRESSES. As briefly noted in Saturday's raper, Mr. W. Tecce, member for G(ulbroe, addressed his constituents on Friday evening at the Academy of Music. The Mayor of Goulburn occupied the chair, and there was a very good attendance, including a number of influential citizens and many ladies. Among those preset weree the Hon. J. H. Carrathors, minister for public instruction, ales tie following members of Aesembly: Messrs. Bali (Argyle), J. S. Hawthorne (13al main), F. Furncl (Central Cumberland), and J. T. Wilshire (Canterbury). Tihe Chairman said that when nakeds to pre side he had no hesitation in giving his consent. He had a very great respect for their mom bear, as h was sure also had overy one present nod indeed almost every one in Goulburn, no matter what his political views were. Mr. Tecce had not in Parliament given very long spuechec, but that was no detriment to him. It was not because heo could not, but because he did not tlhin it prudent to do so. tBut he had been a hard-working member, and he might s'eva that if anything was required for the council the cry was " write to Mr. Teece," and they had their wants attended to moro promptly than by the usual routine. He had lone a great deal for the service of the city, and ie wans sure they would give the Ihon. gentleman a patient and impartial bearing, as well as the other members who would address them. (Cheers.) He then called upon Mr. Teece, who was received with cordial applause. lIe said ha scarcely thought be t was entitled to all the credit bestowed on him by tile mayor. In performing any duties either for the municipal council or any public body, he had beaonu plainly discharging his duty as their represncotative, and he took no 1 credit for it. He was present this evening in plr.urance of a pledge to meet his canstitu eats, and they would observe that lre was sup ported by a pretty stron:a contingent of mm-a bens. lle would firs give a short outline of the political situation as affecting thle existing parlisment. Thd history of that body wsas very brief. At the last general election in January and FIibtuary 1859, the then leader, Mr. D)ibbs, appealed to tire country with the deteremined intention, as he himself put it, of re-cstling the fiscal policy of tihe country ; but alter the election the Governor in his opening address declared that it was not the intention of his advisers to propose any new measure of taxation. A motion of want of confidence was then brought forward and ;was carried by 68 to 64. T'is led to the retirement of Mr. Dibbs and his ministry. They were succeedred by tiLe gentlemen who are now advisers of tie crown ; and he ventured to say that nutwithsatuding many ditliculties, notwithstanding the evenly divided state of parties, those gentlemen lied catisfaetortly carried on the business of the country sud passed many important measures. (Cheers.) They ihad suceessfally carried a land act, which gave the pastoralists a lnor secure tenure ard at tihe samen time alleviated some of the oppressive conditions under which the selectors suffered. They had also referred to the newly constituted body, the public works aommittee, many public works of urgent uecessity. One of the audience was hero understood to ask, Whoi gave us the Goulburn to Crookwell railway ? iMr. Teec said Mr. Dibbs recently declared that he lhad ilaseed this railway, but the fact was that the Dibts ministry nbrmitt::d eighlt or nino railways to the Assembly and all but two of them they passed on to lbe Coulncil. These two were the Goulbtur to Croei,;well railway, and the Gaiorng to Burron:a railwary. In regard to these two tllr.y Esiulply inid tire the plans and bokts of reference oil tbo tables of tisa Assembly, and took nIo frther action whatever. On a further question being about to be put the Chairman desired that tile geoutleman would Iindly take his sest. There would be an opportunity afterwards to put questions. As a result of this gentle intimation there was no further interruption, nor were any more quostiosn asked. Mr. Tececr resumed his address, and entered at once upon thie uestiou ofi ireetrade and protection, in regard to wlich it is weollt-known elu holds strong convictions, and which elu proceeded to enfurec with hiis accustomned earnestuess. He nuhesitatingly asserted that thire diferenuco between frerotrad and protec. tion is the difference between the csosumers, rsle must over constitute anl overwhelming masjority in this country and who desire to purchrso all their necessaries at the lowest possible price, and between ilhe m:rnufecturers, who muet in this and overy other country constitutri a small minority and who desire to sell their products for tihe highest possible anmournt; and a protective dutily itn tihe intarests of the latter is a tax on the general body of the people to go into the pockcets of Ia few. He appealed therefore to his hearers whether it was the duty of parliament to uphold the inteirests of tile large majority of the people or Sthose of the small minority. Now, hi main. i trined that perfet tfreedom caln exist only on sound constitutional principles when you have prleect personal freedom-; and thia ars was the underlying princilple of fretrade. iHe could see no compatibility betwsee freedom and protection; on the contrary Iha slad always considered there was a likeuesa between pro tection and slavery. Protection deprived a man ofl a certain amount of his earnings i without giving him an adequtte return. \ What justification had we in this country to impose taxatiou to interfere with freedom of interchange of commodities? No more, le t maintained, than there was for curtailing i freedom of religion, freedom of speech, or s freedom of tbhe press. Frectraders believed that industrial freedom nas inseparably as socinted with freedom of worship, libelty of S peech, freedom of thi press, rand every other 5 right we possessed; and believing that, they \- insisted on muintaiuing thie principles of free r trade. It was not i tmre questioo of sxpedi ency, linut a question of rigiht. Pl'otectirnists contevred that by imposing restrictive duties Swe should obtain n largo amount of re a verue. He did not roaw iwhether wo should or not, but he would point out that if rwe obtiined a large revuue by this mneans we ehould not have the manufactures whichl it Y was desired to establish. It waIs ispo:r ile a to have a large revonuo from this surcoe S and at the same timne have tile articles manufastlured twre. But hie contended that no govererment iead a right to impose taxses for anything but lthe primary objects for IwhichI I, government exists, vit., tho protection of the f livrs, liberties, and property of tihe subjects. l ostrictionists argue thbt the dutics are palid by tie foreigner; but be corntuded thant this I'a rs not so. On the contrary, prtcectivo I duties increase the price of commodiies to l tis extent of the duty. Tihe duty in fact is an increase to thie cost of thie article just as much es th cost of trarnsportation, insurance, or any other chbrge. It is not a dtyl on tihe, 3 foreigner, nor on tir importer; it is a duty s snthe article, and it mnst increase the price of thit article by at least theu amount of duty, and perhabps n sumall amount over. It is a duty imposed for thie purpose of making trhe o artislo dearer in the foreign market, and is Simposced solely in the interests of the hbom Smanufnocturer. If this was not lio case, the imposition of a duty to protect the manufac. turer was a sham and a delusion. In all thire 0 countries he had heard of, thie policy of pro. I tction had its origin in the cry " Oh, we must protect our infant naltiove iudustrics ;" but it now appeared that tho reslrictioeists have benu forced to abnirandou that cry. Tlhe older it growrs to greater infanrt it becomres. Liket Shlakesp;ne's infant it is still " muling and Sputling in the nurso's arms." nAgain, it was e urged to thu labouers by tie advonctes of this policy, "you mtust h'ave hli~,htr \s-Igs; " to tile sntr fait tui'rer, ''lis amutst lites highter Sprices ;" to t ihe cotslltaisa, "y lml ust !I arve rhJ asletirl.t chelr;' i-tut tito th full.nes in tbie Cutr'fy "ilt is iUposible for you to nUb. sist whilst your market is beieg inundated with the products of the neighbouriog colou;re. Go for a protective tariff, and you will be able to eke out a eubsistence." But at the santme time the manufacturers were told that a protective tariff would not increase the price of wheat and flour. For himself he thought the farmers had sufferedeoaoiderabty. They had been made the stalking horse, 'beth here and in Victoria. Fortunately the Vic torian farmers had awal;ened to their position, and were declaring for the reduction of tlxa. tinn, tole abolition of pools and linge, and the liberty to opend their money to the best ad vantlge. Personally, he would give a great measure of protection to the farmers of ties country. IHe would give them protection against monopolists and agaiunst taxation on the implements they required. And he might ray, on behalf of the freetroadrs generally, that their object w is expressed in these lines The eroneg tatr.L nse, r reciteLvCe, Tho eau.n tint :Fseeds ea-ietemoe, llted tlc gol th.Lt irc eal dto. They would resist to the utmost tihe imposi tion of taxation on the workliog classes, who alrendy contribute most to the revenue ; they would eldeavouer to eneserve thie rights of all men, in order that they might be enabled to pursue in the most peaceful manner the remunerative operations which conduce to the general advancement of the country. The foregoing was the main drift of the arguments of tile hen. member, which he enforced and illustrated by various examples and aulhorities. He was heartily applauded on resuming his seat, but there were not a foew who thought that Ihe might have laid aside forthis occasion his accenstomed modesty, and spoken a little of himself, of the servicsa le had rendered to his constituency, of his consistent support of liberal menasure, and of the important aid he renders to his party in his remi-official position in the Assembly. On all those points however ie was silent. Mr. Carruthors, who followed, made some amonds in this respect. The minister for publie instruction belongs to the newer generation of Young Aus tralia, which is aggressive end not deficient when occasion justifies it in claiming the credit dueo to its friends or itself. He accordingly paid a high tribute to tihe worth of the hon. member for Goutburn. Ile re. nmembered when a schoolboy in Goulbsrn the first election of Mr. Tecce. That gentleman had ever since followed the line of duty; and he challenged anyone to gainsay that lie had honoured Goulburn and honoured the country by the way he land represented the cuonstitu oency in parliament. With more to the like ieffct, which the applause of the meeting tenstiied was its general opinion also. Mr. Carrutbers then addressed himself to the queation of ireetrade, discoursing for the beast part of an hour with great vigour of diction and action, and eliciting frequent bursts of applause. Tie lion. gentleman is rapidly im proving as a speaker, and with a little more ballast and a les precipitate delivery, he promises to become an elffective platorm orator. There is no mistaking his earoestness and courage, nor his pbhysical endurance, leavineg off as fresh as le begins, without having " turned a hair." He began by saying that at the last election many people turned their coats under the idea that " protection was coming," and they wished to be on the winning side; but the oevidence on all sides now goes to show that instead of protection coming, thle poor old jade is limping along in the rear, not only in New South Wales but il the other colonies; and when the battle for freedom comes, weo shall find the freetrade party as strong as over not only in New South Wales, but even in Victoria, and in federated Australia. (Load cheers.) lie referred to the late election for tihe Hasting and Manning, where it was said freetrade hadn't the ghost of a chance, but the veont showed it was stronger there to-day thian it was twelve months eao. Aed so it would be if there were an appeal to the country within the next two or three monthe. Tihe freeotrado party were well preparepad ; and it would be found in the event of such an appeal that many gentlemen now happy and comfol t able in the receipt of £300 a-year would have to take a back seat in the cold. The best thing to lthe freetrade party in fact would be to appeal to the country to give them it larger majority. (Cheers.) Mr. Tcce, heo said, had told them something of the principles of free trade, and lie would give them in addition a few salient points. The protectionists were always praising Victoria. Now, one of the best things i antey laud is patriotism. Tihe true patriot t t only loves his country, but speaks well of it and endeavours as far as fhe can to make others speak well of it; but it is pasutt of the policy of many pret'etionists hero -hb would not say all of them--to deride the country, to rob it of its fair fame, in order to enable Mr. Dlibbs and his tumn-coat brigade to come into power. But what were the facts? Victoria had bad protection for twenty-two years. When lshe adopted that policy her population was 650,000, and that of New South Wales only 1450,000. But the latter under freetrado lhad more than ovcertaken her. Victoria started with 200,000l ahead of us, and she ia now 90000 behind us. Steadily and surely New Soutlh Wales had drawn up and passed her in that very element which forms the greatest power of ia community. It was impossible to avoid the conclusion tlhat the policy which Victoria had adopted had had a great deal to do with this result. The argu. ment that Noew South Wales had three times tire territory had no fores, for Victoria was really al enormous country, ano was but thinly peopled in proportion to its extent. What was the huge incubus that had pre vested lher from maintaining the advance with which she started twenty-two years ago? Was it not the policy which taxed thle majority of the community for the benefit of ae few manufacturers? Take again the probate duty as a test of the wealth of the two commnunities. In Victoria in 1868 the returns eloweed that the averago amount possessed was £97, in New South Wales £94. In 1873 in Victoria it was £203, in Now South Wales £1t47; showing that owe wero still behind ; but is 1837, when the different policies had lhad their full effect for twenty years, thle amounts wore--Victoria £310, New S?uth Wales £322. Then it was said tlhat Victoria had an exces of 5000 employed in mann. factures, but of these Ino less than 4000 were womenl, nud no oe o hI;aw how many more children were employed. Tse protectionists boa-t that there is ws rk inl Victoria for every nman, woman and child; lbut ill Nsew South Wales we fiud work for tile moa to do, nud tie wonlesl can adorn the home nod the children cea go to the public school. (Cheers). Tihel hon. gentleman also draw a contrast betweesn thes coseditiot of America under prostection and E'glaued under IfrCeetrade. Itll tile former meillionaires wero more lloronse thafl in any other country. The rich were be eomiing richer and the po:r poorcr. Thile reverse vwas soon in freetradl Englanud, whlere the rich wore day by day becoming poorer and tboe poor richer; showing s more equanble dietribu tion of wealth among the population, instead of accumulation in the hands of m.anoaltlists us was the case in protected America. People, he went on to say, talked about competiog with foreign labour; but would the manu. facturer under a protecativo system o shut out the forei:n loloeur? They would, as Hoeery George says they do it America, makeni no scruple of impor ing the very foreign nlabour afainst whose prodlets tlioe duties are mane. tained. And whenl peuple talled about pauper labsur, where did this pauper labour coues from ? It came from the very countries lwhich are tlhe most highly protected--as Germany, Franece, Itussia, Austria, Chion. If protlection was such a good thineg, lwhy did tisey call the labourers of these countries paupers? They lhad a wotll ie Cleisa, and only livo ports at wlich foreigners were allowed to tralde; and were tlhe protected Chinamoeo n a example of prosperity and lhappiness ? Why, he did not believo n good protectionist would walk down the rame side of the street with Ifts protered brother the Clhinamau. (Cheors and laughter.) The protectiosin:s forgot to toll us what protection had done for the people of other countries. VYou might shut out the products of panper labour, but once get the manu. fuetrers proteeced and they would never consent to ehut out pauper worlkmen. IWhy, Mr. G. it. i)ibbs was the man who voted the longest and opposed to tlhe very last the hill to excledo Chiunueu. The freetraders be. lieved in freetrade in good thingEs- iufreelrad. in godsel--but they did not believe in freeotado in badl things-- in Chinamoen or small-pox. Tsey believed in freetrado in all thle good thbinga people required to mo!:e tlhem hi.ppier, more prosperfcs, and enorl rich. Thle hoa. gentietnan thel weeet os to lrefer tolethle claptlap ce, W'hat t are see t, do withll our boys ? 11: ll;d t,:fe vel!s d through tile l.utgth aned bisadth lof thti. c.fiou,, ,entd ta hId e-.: evde nce of Clemitl:, )r5slrity, lhappiness, aud iutlelligaees beyond any tvi. dence that could be afforded in any other country in tbo world, Twenty years ago 'eoplo were not afraid to send out their boys to light their way in the world, as he had himself fought his way; and tllrer was plenty of roomhere. Instancinghimoelfasa"sample," he said, depend upon it the boy who is worth his salt, who has honesty, intelligence, and industry, will achieve success; but for those who are too lazy to work, who are afraid to face obstacles and difficulties and dangers, who are cowards-is it, he asked,worth while to have protection for such as theose? Prot:etioo is a policy not for those who help, but for those who decline to help, themselves. They aould always have some unemployed. They had them in Victoria, in South Australia, in New Zealand, protected colonies, as well as in freetrado New South Wales. It should be the aim of honest men to assist them to better their condition, but it should never be made the means to bring back a policy of the dark ages. He did not believe in taxing colonial industry to encourage colonial laziness; but ha would take every legitimate means to pro mote industry-not shoddy industries, but such as were adapted to the ciraumstances of thocountry. He referred hero to the arrange ment made by the government with a com pany for the manufacture of locomotives. This arrangement had been made by open tender and in strict conformity with the prin ciples ot froatrado; and the result would be that they would. have their locomotives manufactured in the colony at 30 per cent. less than they had over been manufnc tured here, and that without a penny of taxation for the purpose. Again, they had invited tenders for iron pipes, and a Sydney firm had tendered at a cheaper rate than any firm in the wo-Id, and were now supplying these pipes; nod yetthey were told three years ago that this industry could not exist without protection. So they would find that under freetrada those industries best suited to the country would gradually be established, and not shoddy manufactures which required to be supported by taxing the people. In conclusion, Sir. Carruthers said he had promised his old friend Mr. Rose that if he came forward again for Argyle he would see if he could not give him a worse licking than lie received at theb Hawesbury ; and 1e wished them to understand that when the battle is on, he would ec there, fighting on behalf of that great and glorious policy under which New South Wales has gained its poi-. tion as the brightest g0nm and the richest jewel of the British crown. (Loud cheers.) Mr. iawthorne followed. He is of maturer years and speaks with less impetuosity than the gentleman who preceded him. Ho is a mild-mannered, "eminentlyrespectablu" man, and he cndureat soma chaff at tbo hands of his parliamentary companions as being " the member for law and order," which however he took in good part. He bore very high toes-. timony to the merits of the hon. member for Goulburn, and hto believed his seat was one of the saonst in the whole Assembly. Upon the question of freetrado Sir. Hawthorne backed up the arguments of the previous speaker by additional facts and statistics, and expressed his conviction that freetrade stands better and firmer than it did at the last election, and that if there were an appeal to the country, Sir Henry Parkes would come back with a two-thirds majority. He urged that wo should break down the barriers and petty distinctions that now divide the colonies, and go in as Australians for the grand system of federation which Sir Henry Parikos Ias started, and which we see rolling on with increasing force, so that those who looked inte the future might see that in two years we might be a united people. Then the United States of Australia would beo able to stand and look the whole world in the face-Sunny Australia in the Southern Seas. (Applause.) After this flight of enthusiasm Mr. Wilshire came forward to add his tribute of respect to the member for Gonlburn and to bear testi. mouy to his worth. He also spoke vigorously on behalf of freetrade. He promised to come with his colleague (Mr. Carruthers) to fight tbo battle of froetrado hero the next election ; but he saw no valid reason swhy the present parliament ibould be dissolved, and he be lieved it would last till it expircd by ofiluxion of time. The existing fiscal policy, he nsaid, has satisfied the bulk of the community, and he thought there were questions of domestic legislation, as the local government bill, the amendment of thbo electoral law, and others, which were of more cosequence at the present time than even the question of freotrado and protection. Mr. Wilshiro speaks with freedom andeffeot. Ho is of the younger generation of Aus tralia. So is IMr. Faruell, who followed him, and who also bore testimony to the worth of the member for Goulburn, so that that gentle-. man's modest reticence was fully atoned for by his friends. i Ir. Farnell is full of fight, and longs for a dissolution, which be believes will come shortly, and ho is confident that the freotrade party will come back with a two. thirds majority. This gentleman is by no means an orator, but his party may well hope that in this particular he has the gift of prophecy. This concluded the speaking. So much on the one subject was rather monotouous toorjouirs lerdri.r-but the interent of the audienco was well maintained throughout, and the proceedings, as is generally the case here, were marked by the utmost good feeling. Ou the motion of Mr. W. R. Riley, seconded by Mtr. H. O'Brien, a vote of thanks was accorded by acclamation to the Visitors, and acknowlcdged by Mir. Carrnthers. A simila r compliment having been paid to thie chairthan, tihe proceedings closed with three cheers for the Queen. It is worthy of note that all the persons who took an active part in the meeting, from the Chairman downwards, were Australians, with the exception of one who is an Australian in all but the aceident of birth. Is there not some significance in this? Does it not show that the native element is coming to thia front in public affairs as well as in athletice ? The parliamentary visitors returned to Sydney by train the same night, having ap parently very well enjoyed their trip and their receptiou in tihe City of the South. bWes c!yant.-=Thle Rev. W. 1V. Rtutledge, the newly appointed minister to the Goullurn circuit, commenced duty on Sunday last by preaching morning and evening in the Goldsmith-street church. Tie congregations were largo and the senolnos havo created a favourable impression of the ability and earnestness of the preacher. A public recep tion will be given to Mr. RIotltedgo to-morrow evening by the members of the Weslogyan Mutuoal Improvemoent Society, when an ex cellent programme of music and recitations will be rendered. Electorlttc nd efuctlanbceymnll.- The political armies are preparing for battle, and in the Quoeanboyan district there is lilkely to be a sharp conteot, in tbo event of parlia ment being dissolved at an early date. On Tuesday evenuing Mr. N. B. Downing addressed a nlarge and enthusinatic publio nmeeting in the Protestant Hall, and after he ihad retired a meeting of the Qcoaubeyan branch of the freetrade and liberal association was hield, whenlo it was unanimously decided thlat be be chosen as the frectrlado candidate for the district. Mr. Dowaniug gave a short address at Gundaroo on Wlednesday velning at a meeting called bIy MIr. W. Alllec, and met with a good reception.-Timnes. lolibmlturcn ;artnd CArookitw,'tehll 11ail woay.--In tho report in last issue of tbo deputation tlinat waited on the minister for works a printer's error maker it appear that amoogst the memburs of this deputation wero Messrs. "Slocombe, A.H. Conroy, George and Charlos Riogeurs." It nshould have road "icGeorgo Slocomlbe, A. H. Conroy, and Chorles Rogers." 'iWhe Newn' Zetal-d Accindeinlc t lH-. asuttornce Comapsonoy. - We have re. coivcd from thlis comrpany a pamphlet giving a list of claims paid during the past year at their ibrauolhes and agencies throughout Aus tralia and Now Zealand; the list is a truly formidable one ropreseating some C12,000t paid away in comIIIpecnsations, ius slowing the benofits derived from this class of insuropce, the value of whlich is bhcoming noro widely rscognised every day by all classes of the community. To the Noew Zealnud Accident Igoosuronc Company belongu tbe hlotour of boing the oldest and wealthiert cmp:anty of its kind in thie colonies. cltallen.-Te-clders, receivable to the 23rd April, are invitedt for thle election ol a new school and reiddence (brick) ot Gulhri. Tlhc EN:str enoampmenllt cotited ou Satur. dlay, and the llo:l ha.((lt O~cltl'.d to their houie-. The bl.i'coui'-, discipline, aud efihic-ucy of tile tr'oopai ,tr highly opokou of by the milita-y tutihoritiuc. 