THE FIRE PROTECTION OF MELBOURNE. . ! : ' DEFECTS OF THE VOLUNTEER SYSTEM. ; A PRACTICAL SCHEME SUG GESTED. The wholesale destruction of property which formed the leading incident of, last Tuesday night's fire must, one would think, have adminis tered a final blow to tho existing system of fire protection. For some reasons it is not alto- gether a pleasant task to prophesy the disbandment of the volunteer brigades. The severance of the links binding us with the " old colonial days " must always be more or less a matter of regret, aud lovers of the antique will regard the abolition of the ama teur firemen in somewhat tho Batne light as tho sweeping away of old I'rinces-bridgo, or tho re moval of the primeval eucalypts in Collins-street. In our own times the volunteer system may have claimed to havo done some servico to the State. Its gaudy uniforms have enlivened our sombre streets with a needful touch of color ; its endless jealousies have provided the newspapers and the public with some food for thought and n vast fund of amusement. It has given us a free fight at the Swanston-street fire, an orgie at tho burn ing of tho Bijou Theatre, anil a good amount of breakage at tho destruction of Mr. Nathan's warehouse. With a paid fire service it miistfranklyboadmittcdthat noneof these things could possibly have happened, and when the present system gives up the ghost we shall pro- bnbly bid' a final farewell to tho sensational element in tire fighting. So long as tlio fire calls of Melbourne wore comprised within reasonable limits, the volunteer system was at least reasonably adequate to its requirements. The insuraneo companies, for their own procecuuu, inui..,..: — i „ otnaq body of trained firemen, and with the assistance ur the volunteers there was usually little difficulty in dealing with the few fires which broko out during the year. Architects in those days had notbegnnto emulatetlioTowerof Babel. Theera of thirteen and fourteen-story buildings, of wells and lifts and similar contrivances for affording a thorough draught to tho flames, had not yet come. At a time when a three-story warehouse towered above tho general Bky line, aud man sard roofs were unknown, a fire was after all no Buck very serious matter. The flames at tlio worst were confined within the fonr walls of the burning building, and there was little or no danger ot their extending to the premises on' either side. Then the area ot dense population had not reached a third of its present dimensions, while the numerical strength of the fire service was pretty much what it is to-day. In 1876 the paid service of Melbourne consisted of 23 officers and men, and the number of serious fire alarms was 98. In 1889 the returns show 22 firemen of all ranks, nnd no less than 295 dangerous fires. No statistics of the volunteer force are available, but the effective numerical increase is inconsiderablo. Practically, with a few additions to plant, tlio fire servioo of to-day is identical with that of 14 years back, while in tlio same timo the papulation of Greater Melbourne has increased from 191,254 to 410,000 people; and the number of houses in tiie oity from 13,170, valued at £9,454,640, to 15,499, with a gross ratable value uf £16,232,410. On tho mere logic of figures the comparison is alarming enough. But when all tho faots of the case arc taken into consideration it is evident that the statistics altogether overstate the effi ciency of the service. In the magnitude of tho buildings endangered and the property de stroyed tho fires of 14 years back had no rela tion to those of to-day. Thoy wero combated also by a force that for all practical purposes might bo considered as united. The volunteers of 1876 worked amicably with the Insurance men; nor were they divided among themselves by tho jealousies which at the present timo have split the force into rival organisations. If in ,1876 there was no telephonic communication, and no steam fire engine, it must he also remembered that thcro was no open disobedience to orders ; uo complaints that brigades were prevented from getting water on; ho charges that iief tain stations were wilfully prevented from receiving tlio fire alarms. Fire men in those days may havo worked fnth obsolete appliances and with no scientific method, but they thought more about the practical work of fire extinction, and less about the political viows of this or that honest tradesman, whom gold laoe and a coat adorned with many buttons hail transformed for the nonco into a superin tendent. Can as much be said for the present, when every fire reveals a fresh scone of muddle and confusion, followed by a long and acri monious paper warfare? Truly tiie fires of the past two years have been so many bitter lessons on the scope nnd capabilities of the volun teer fireman. He has displayed himself in every quarrel — fighting for tho possession of tho plugs, while tho burning building falls to ashes, leaving liis work to mndden himsolf witli stolen liquor, " playing to tho gallery" on the parapets, dragging his leaking hoses over costiy carpets, smashing and destroying right and left without regard to consequences. "When in his political capncity he presents himself at the doors of tho Treasury the Chief Secre tary might well ask for a return of the actual damage done by defective hose and misplaced attempts at salvage, in cluded under the general head of firo losses. Such a statement, could it be prepared, would undoubtedly open the eyes of the public to the real nature of that costly plaything— engendered by vaiiity, fostered by municipal intrigue, and kept alive by political charlatanism — tho Metro politan Volunteer Fire Brigade service. It is time now that tho city is fast filling witli ruined buildings to leave off playing at firo brigading. So rapidly does one great fire follow another thnt the masons havo no chance to finish one job before another is waiting for them. . The. Bijou Theatre is still in tho hands ,of the workmen, Robb's-build- ing3 in Collirisistreet, Schrieber and Scliaefer's warehouse in Little Collins-street and Buxton's are barely rostorod. Before them tho con tractors have George lind George's, Levy's and Nathan's — all buildings of the first rank, in the very heart of tho city. If the averago only con tinues as many more will bo ready bofore thoy can hope to complete the woilc. And it is worthy of deep reflection that mere chance alone has prevented an infinitely greater de struction. As yet the brigades havo had to deal with only one large firo at a time, and for that the system has invariably proved in adequate. "With two simultaneous fires in dif ferent portions of tho oity it must infallibly col lapse altogether. "What could you do, "a well known fireman was asked yesterday, " in tlio event of two big files breaking out nt once ?" " Do ?" he replied with emphasis, " What coulil we do? Wo should have to wait till one was finished before wo could battle with the. other." There is the exact state of affairs inA single sen tence. If current rumor Is to bo believed tho Govern ment are under promise to introduce a firo brigades bill duriug the coming session. It is Baid oven that the provisions of tlio contem plated measure have been drafted. So far, however, the public are in ignorance of the linos on which the Government intend to proceed, nor has there up to the present boori any attempt to collate evidence relating to the firo services of tlio principal European and American oities, and to embody tho best points ot each in a comprehensive ' scheme. When commissions are annually ap pointed for' every conceivable purpose, it remains a matter of astonishment that no politi cian has ever thought of proposing a commission on fire protection. But the Government, like its predecessors, has absolutely ignored the pre sence of one of tlio most vital dangers to life and property. There ia a very complete and comprehensive scheme for preventing tho intro duction of leprous Asiatics and hydrophobic dogs, and a score of keen eyed officers are ready to pouuee upon any sheep, horse or goat that may exhibit symptoms of contagious disease. But half Melbourne might be in cinders and the Government acknowledge no responsibilities. Tlio City Council hns contributed a steam fire engine and a good ileal of discussion. The iusui- ancc companies alone have undertaken the cost of maintaining some sort of efiicient servico. Yet, in so doing they have charged themselves with the protection of a vast amount of pro perty iu the salvage of which they have no interest whatever; and it would bo quito within their right if, like the old insurance bri gades of Loudon, they drew off their mem from a fire so soon as they ascertained that the burn ing premises- were not covered by insurance in one or other of the associated companies. > As a preliminary to the adoption of a scheme for the establishment of an efiicient fire service it must be borne in mind that the requirements of the town and the country are essentially different. In Melbourne the volunteer system has long licen out of date, but it still remains, and is likely to remain, the only apparent method .of protection for the country dis tricts. Whether or not tho Government intend at some future timo to sub mit a comprehensive scheme for the man agement of the firo brigades throughout the whole colony, it would manifestly hennndvisable to check tiie volunteer movement in towns where the expense of maintaining a paid servici would be impossible. Any interference witk the body styling itself the Country Fire' Bri gades' Association is therefore to bo strongly deprecated. For tho same reason the subsidy annually voted for demonstrations would have to be continued, because functions of this order constitute the main attraction to recruits. It any practical result is to be hoped for from the proposed legislation, the protection 6f the oily must lie viewed as n distinct question. It is from a metropolitan fire biigndo bill alone that ' the maintenance of an efficient fire service in tho . city is to be expected. Any attempt to provide in ono measure for conditions so widely divergent could only end in a confusion that would inevitably cause the downfall of tho entire scheme. As a basis for a purely metropolitan scheme no better model could bo selected than that of the London Metropolitan fire brigade as con stituted by Captain Shaw. This body was origiually controlled by the Metropolitan Board of Works, and should the proposal to con stitute a similar corporation iu Melbourne be carried into effect it might be advisable t« transfer to it tiie management of the fire sor- vice. Failing that, it is suggested thattbe control should be vested in a firo brigades board com posed of nominees ohosen by the contributing bodies, and constituted with not less than six iui more than nine meihbcrs, the power or voting to be in proportion to the amount subsi dised. The main feature of the scheme as applied to Moibourno would be tiie creation of two classes of firemen — permanent and auxiliary. There would bo a paid force of 80 men, nnd an auxiliary force of 200 men, bring ing up tlio effective strength of tlio service to 280 men of all ranks, officered by a superin tendent, an assistant superintendent and six foremen. Applicants for admission to either branoh of tho servico would bo required to pass a strict medical examination anil to serve a three months' probation.' Auxiliary firemen would be paid an annual retaining fee of £10, conditional on attendance at a stipulated num ber of drills, and would receive a further pay ment per hour for each attendance at fires. It is calculated that the expense of maintaining tha complote system would amount annually to £20,000, exclusive of the salaries of the superin tendent and assistant- superintendent. For fire brigado purposes London is divided into four districts, the division being as closely as possible that determined by park and open lands, creeks, &c.; In Melbourne (the geo graphical conditions suggest a division into six districts, which may bo summarised as below : — No. 1, City District, Including tho City, Carlton, Brunswick, More- land and Coburg. One head station and 1 branch station iu charge of assistant- superintondont. Five steam fire engines, 2 manual engines, 10 horse reels, 5 hand reels. Thirty permanent firemen, 30 auxiliaries, 14 horses. No. 2, Fitzroy District, Including Collingwood, Noith Fitzroy, Clifton Hill.and North l'reston. One branch station, 5 reel stations. One steam fire engine, 1 horse hose reel, 5 hand reels. Six permanoqt firemen, 36 auxiliaries, 3 horses. No. 3, Richmond District, Including Hawthorn, Cainberwell, and Kew. One branch station and 4 reel stations. One steam firo engine, 1 horse hose reel, 5 hand reels. Six permanent firemen, 30 auxiliaries, 3 horses. . No. 4, Yarra South District, Including South Melbourne, Port Melbourne, St. Kildn, Windsor, Praliran, -South Ydrra, Armadale, Malvern, Balaclava, Caulfield and Brighton. Four branch stations, 9 hose reel stations. Two steam firo engines, 2 manual engines, 2 horse hoso reels, 14 hand reels. si- Twenty permanent firemen, 60 auxiliaries, 6 horseS. No. 5, Footsoray District, Including Williamstown, Yarraville and New port. Ono branoh station, 4 reel stations. One steam firo engine, 1 horse lioso reel, 5 hand reols. len permanent firemen, 20 auxiliaries, 3 horses. No. 6, Northern District, Including North Melbourne, Kensington, hlonnngton, Ascot Vale, Moouee . Ponds and Essendon, One branch station, 4 reel stations. One steam engine, 1 horse hose reel, 6 hand reels. Six permanent firemen; 20 auxiliaries 1 horse. Total Strength. IJistrlcts .. .. 6 Ilorse reels .. ..16 ileail fltation.s .. 1 Hand reels .. .. <jo Branch stations .. 9 Permanent: llremen 78 Reel stations .. 26 Auxiliary firemen .. 195 bturuu engines .. u Horses.. . 30 Manual engines . . 4 In a further artiole we shall deal with, the the control and maintenance of a metropolitan fire service on tho lines indicated above. 