In s tr u c tiv e a n d A m u s in g . He who will not walk cannot ttand. Mend yourself rather than the world. Love rules his kingdom without a sword The mao who pardons easily courts injury. Joy is like the ague ; one good day betwren two bad ones. Severity breedeth fear, but roughnesB breedeth hate.—Bscon. Jealousy is an awkward homage which inferiors tinder to merit. The wise nun expects everything from himself; the fcol looks lo others. I t is a proof of mediocrity of intellect to be addicted to relating stories. An extraordinary haste to discharge an obligation is a sort of ingratitude. When is the moon like an infant’s hatP —When it’s on the wane (wean). In matters of conscience first thoughts arc best, in matters of prudence the last. —Robert Hall. Everym an feds instinctively that all the beautiful sentiments in tbe world weigh less than a single lovely action. Glevertm 44Are you going yachting tbi« season P” Dashaway —1“ No ; I ’ve signed the pledge.” Flowers, according to Goethe, are the beautiful hieroglyphics of nature, with which she indicates how much she loves tis. “ What do you come to school for?" said an irate schoolmaster to a dull child. 44 Fourpenoe a week, sir," was the meek reply. There are more quarrels smothered ly jast shutting your mouth, and holding it shut, than by all the wisdom ia the world. He who would n-t be frustrate of his hope to write well hereafter on laudable things, ought bimself to be a true poem. —Milton. I h* worthiest people are most i r jured by slanderers; as we usually find that to be the best fruit which the birds have been pecking at. 44W hat you been doing ever saw you la*tP" 44Been falling in love." “ A h; get in very deep P" (Sadly) 44Two hundrea dollars. ’ A painstaking person estimates that the average head of hair worn by a woman, if placed end to end, would measure fifty miles in length. The man who dies without glory will never have his ghost shiver at the Bight of its statue adorned with a Roman toga and an eighteenth-century wig. Master Confound it, sir! do yon ibink I ’m a fool P‘‘ New Futler — “ Beggin’ your pardon, sir, I ain’t been here long enough to find out yet." To be happy at home is the ultimate result of all ambition ; the end to which every enterprise and labor tends, and of which every desire promptB the prosecution.—D r Johnson. He— 44Wonderful shot that of Henry’6. Why. he hit the bull’s eye nine timeB in succession yesterday.” She— 44 Yes; hut just think of ihe sufferings of that poor b u ll! Men are such brutes.” I feel sick at heart,” said the rejected lover, as he leaned upon the railing of tbe channel steamer 441 am with you,'’ remarked a fellowp&psenger;, 4a only mine is furtker down.” W ithout discretion, learning is pedantry and wit impertinence; virtue itself looks like weakness; tbe best parts only qualify a man to be more sprightly in errors, and active to his own prejudice. 44That’s a pretty rough coat you're wearing," remarked the eel to the oyster. 44 Why, yes," returned the bivalv, smiling am iably; “ but I a«Bure you that the best society will be pleased to receive me in thiB bumble ^arb.” Mothers may be glnd to know that if they add alum to the blue water in which their children’s clothes are rinsed after washing, it will greatly prevent these clothes catching fire shonld the children put themselves in danger of 6uch an accident. B’ownlty (who is a stranger to the place) Here, waiter, ia a shilling for you. T have been locking over the bill of fare. Now tell me what you recommend." Honest W aiter (in a hoarse whisper)— MSoma other restaurant." If you want knowledge, says Buskin, you must toil for i t ; if food, you must toil for it; and, if pleasure, you must toil for it. Toil is the iaw. Pleasure comes through toil, and not by selfindulgence and indolence. When one gets (0 love work his life is a happy one. Jack — 44Its a great pleasure to draw Tom W hy didn’t yon ever go in for this sort ot thing Tom— *1 Oh, I haTe been draw ing-on dad—ever remember, and the pleasure I got out of it is simply too great to mention." Cunso(despairingly)—^44What on earth made you get a divorce when you Chicago P ’ Mrs Cunso— 44Really, dear, they were selling them so cheap - in fact they were going at a bargain, and I couldn’t resist buying one." Mr W heeler *4>I suppose the great and mysterious Robert has man? admirers in Boston, Miss Emerson P" Miss Emerson— 41 Why, yes, Mr Wheeler even ihe beaus go through a course of Browning before they come to the table." Is he fond of work P” is the enquiry that Binks mhde of Banks concerning a Toucg ma» « 6" had applied for employ< ment. 4 F nd - f it ? I should say so 1 never taw &man; who c uld take suoh good care of work as tie does One piece of work will last him for a week ” Electricity is offore 1 to the lion tamer ic the form of a light wand with snlating grip for the h nd, connected by a flexible wire with a battery of which the power can be varied at will An periment with this form of ap;: science is said to hive been success? made. 44Johnny, what is tbe speed of the snail P” 44The snail has no speed.” 441 know; hot how fast does he travelP" “ He does not iravol fast, sir; he goes slow.” 44W ell, then, if yon must have it so, how slow does the snail travel P" 441 am sorry to say that I do not know." W hat greater thing is there for two human souls than to feel that they joined for Life - to strengthen each other m all labor, to rest on each other in all sorrow, to minister to each otbr pain, to l>e one with each other '* silent unspeakable memories a t tbe tm m art of the la°t parting P 44 M r Parks,” said a lawyer to a wit ness, “ I understand you to say that the defendant is a professor of religion. Does his practice correspond with his profession P” I never heard of any oorreS' pendenoe or letters passiugbetween them. “You said something about bis propensity for drink. Does he drink hard P” 44No, 1 think he drinks as easy as any man £ ever saw.” 41 One more question, Mr Parks You have known the defeodant a long tim e; what are his habits—loose or otherwise P” 41 The one he’s got on now, I think, is rather tight under tbe arms, and too short- waisied for tbe fashion." 44 You can take your seat, Mr Parks.” Leghorn exports annually about half a million pounds' worth sterling of bats, t onnets, and straw plaits for tneir raanui Acture. In Amerioa, in two States alone, 1 tere are five factories, each capable of 1 trcing <at 10,000 hats a day. TLe annual c llput of the straw, plait industry, in England is valued a t over £ 4.000,000, tliough, largely in consequence of in 4-.-eaaed machine power, only 31.000 persons were returned os straw-workers in the 1881 cemus, as compared with 60,000 in the statistics of 1871. Vast quantities of straw plaits a t incredibly cheap ra'es ore imported horn Canton, in China. England, it is agreeable to note, in far ahead of every other ooustry, how* ever. The United utates only turn out a million and a half pounds' worth sterling, 19 againrt our four millions as montioned above, and they are our greatest rivals. 