hKONAltDL! Y ; _ cT0Rr OF A BUCCANEER. TJ b . jiGUS B# REACH, _ .nrSlS OF PREVIOUS CHATTERS. B" : the narrator of this iooijoi vie U"1 introduces himsdf to the reader sn rchohM taken to the Stncintae?!?; thft VhVs.fore-topnuxt bqng , w fXktHis supports himself for a day br a nmitfcol French felucca ' I'mdiag tint tho<3;>- urai LrlZaas to seU hiatas asVra.he, (Oj of I- " ao Engtixbrailor n imcdTTrght, he had taken fa the ... lofie'01 SSsarlei lO.cnpci with anns-and pro- v, iraVlc,rfn i«Mt whea the felucca. neaw the , "JJS: He comes eow a " toccanecr" to «ra it of an impradm? attack Sktt '' „;Sdt«ki<i J,ieimis3d. He joins the hom are man, ssxM -inj necia ith many strange adrca- ; Mood » a tray on a canoe expedition. ; .:«!» 2XiSrftaek and capture theoettle- tSe Bp®" ArOTtottle, and oampletcljr rente aad -...Boaocera. - CHAPTER VI. DriDlT FHVEB OF THE COAST FASTEX3 jjO? IBS _ . Qjf mt, : . , tie history- of the treacherous A att-A ghich destroyed tho settle- """"lof the Marrnousette. Our first care Sftofcwo we had .met m ' armed, and great was oar delight ,d tint the '"Indians carried two gun t?r£..e4rirall tho muskets in.the Tillage t brought into the woods. Besides h ihundotico of ammunition. .tAijtag V, rlo.a;tation, it wia'dhtCTinmcd to -aBd alfliongh; " -onr >':j WraVr ' Would .soroewhatV'.prefrioad . her;'- , ; ; l0 the other side of the bay, where we security against being molested, win-. therefore: carefolly looked' to our " clambered dotrn' the: bank, arid j: cauoo, unanimously invested V-S Jrat . witlt tlia" rommaad - of the As the .Indians tried the dexterously, they were set "urai to propel tu, and with Stont Jem i' fotersaan we Mt oiut.,:.'.Oa our. wny " r ten experience a . drowsiness, "'iloril hsd before, felt, bht immediately xjcbi Now, howerer, the. . seusation, indeed U one of impending : : again to overpower mo-'Hy Jinfs-" uron my chest, and. I. had little f': i snatches ef disturbed sleep, in whtdi' curious : 'ideas,5 ,sud odd combinations of i: "md things, seemed to 'floai.'into my h i ril Which, when' I , started, up agaia, \- Si-ii I irhld dd. ertiry minute, fled, away »; .toms,.' .so, . jthjt .ilV'cbuj'.hot ' tor ffi'tt'piiite'Wii: Xhad'.bwa dream- itiarofli moment before. AUthistime i ' imnrdiv urued to speak. I seemed- to Sltrt W-hing to say, but stili something : .l £swl nr tongue and lips to move, and 'all i'.:'it(Bcetc»lleddnt— ' - , W- " Ij tht e hlsck corby pa the thom- bush "pstlhe ioat's grapnel . ' Al thi< extraordinary speech the Engliah- 'liaii th? eahoe turned sharp round to me, . indfMt Jem asked what I. meant. At hi voice ail the dreamy sensations left me, and I it; felt Ejsdf bloshing np to the roots of my . Mr, toi ynudering what I bad said, for 1- KnfJiWrcdaot s word. : " lle-e,"' said Stout Jem, kindly, ''swallow, good boy; and he held men great' fukoi spirits.- .if tZoa have been breathing .,,«T«-nti:i0 "marsh fog on - an empty vSoavi, .hut" you'll live to pay off Jack 1 Sjnnisni ret.' Iu»k die flask and held it to my he.nl, t.'vV.!i tidletily the greasy leathern bottle 'fpaadlo swell and lengthen, until, it seemed i.-ipiDibefu which I held. A carious nerrous ia'iicz m.tic crawling dyer my limhs» "T"t my in , hat? yr;w. thick, and. my eyes dun. The V.6M teste of the brandy banished these sen-i utioa1, s A the oordial marvellously restored . / " To-, musti est somewhat when7 we go nil Nicky. - " I-am ravenonsy:- and t'tkave.vOl coasolton what we can.do to revenge ' . i ; "Xo,k>; no eat," said Jllne .Feter—fhcL \y Hassi'o £mHaa";_f sleep mash, sleep good; ineVerjp,', and sleep.oool and long.": - af, vBotlieit so.mnch better that T folly in- '(Ubdsdtnciake a good dinner.. . "We landed- norec-f tlie bushy coves which abound iu- -. .the frii'i of the hfarmousette, and which' cv'jIotHnr-tbe.seea .by the Spaniards on the ode: biat. Stout Jem theu despatched the t':;.Iuh3 k- hunt, "and ordered the .rest of the ;i pit? ti ij:t in building a hut. Nicky and j V?TT?r» were so weak from iiViViat . of . iood,r that we were -excused p the Dutchman, .having some biscuits fcuta-AA bsef in his pocket, generously ll' 5re Jt raongh to make a good meiL- i Stpat Jem, Black Diamond, and AjTOttr vere actively at work." They had. it. aad their long knives; aad with ' f felled and prepared sufficient wood ,;ji|h that purpose,' driving stakes info the h.Wu interweaving leafy branches, with . ,i tte icj sf experienced foresters. Nicky and ;(,i livsre tlna set. to work to pull a quantity of e 'Si ' which grew upon the beach, '/ijiWKjjaud one of the Tfbsquito menre- tenuaj he kindled a- fire, and began to cook \- - . i a fine boar which he had :!.;,«Mui»Wood. Meantime I was plucking ! -rjE- ' fometimes 'sitting by the seaside, iigftesmkandfll. The food I had eaten i i iIm.10! freshment. My temples throbbed i it it it"7' - 1 skin was fevered and iV u '1 horrible wandering thousrhts ' hStli. "T a?r"n> and. I. squeezed my- 'V'dri,«T? ,?7han"' M though I could thus "laiiitt10! SometimosI thought I felt y ; th; .lot mush vapour sickening tho ; tar il , ®eab5eez« fanning me, I would y W bi ,1031 , mJ chest, and " the tl» i 7i n= hair , to let 1 . nnder the shade of a t.' bmS '5 stout man, who .stood -Mj)siSiarrahfi,na-. Dreming>im ;V OrLr-, i, have shouted out, but ob"nle.ani turning i rattled as it were against my iMHi.'- sari fk/Il a low 11533 c001 I 68018 stcod.there; and now » naked weapon Vfl-rat now EeUimr. ting dwn, and ono of S11 the trees feU full i'V' it v,«nri v ctnper, and I saw -"S-ltte jfl. ?e> -"-'th ' his," great : eyes -Pi the w a' raomriit ; -» .%ht(eza . rttiAw . P11®5 . of the sea- r.ii. J? trees around, and the tit crent stream, and ; tU /1)"j|chesnpon the appear- seemed. to change. M'v,8'kv4 coun2L" ftched away, until the th® untortunate tha t "f'ti instead of it, there nU,SXYe featnrre and pensive ' : the French- f vij"? fitriv the 'pcn. which i"- J9»TSi glitter, moved. PPmt to. it with the ' ,w wit!4fa the regicide, with the < MUin,, . ZX ystrnment of hi» "i- Which aAy I hnrst the leaden reT,Snf me' Md with v., forward. .As I I7.U ,50 1 PUcST mnler nnd dimmer, " tri ',1 t£egSjfS ¥nd;QP«m its breast '- .Sxw,/! '1. the »Ie of the genipa '"' ,folu, th® rame instant, \- dirJf ' 'Isoclag JBj?lcl,.wM» clnstering wind. I grew ?:v5gsgsasRa f juf' T'Jwfflei?3'ia "hbed. Pre- h u hurwtt€r-.!?d 1 c ' -i. t.Wfcg l ' 5 31 iJLt» Terul1 attack," "I strive ,.,TeTer. a3d try to sleep." " '4 lcss Hhut. jj.??111® difficulty that I ' ?rn9 < nt lu4."1® Pm n? felt as if loaded " j J\e tot £j?t an intense head- #J t'vern? car kiili1!3 'nto my brain. KftLi-frnshed- abode, I . . ' . h.sort of haze, and tho voices at my car appeared to come from miles away. I was soon placed, lying upon .bundles of grast, in the windward side of the hot; and after that T remember little more of what happened daring three nights and three days. Only T know that my sufferings were very great; that my mind appeared to ramble' as though it were a disturbed spirit or ghost flitting all over the world. -Now, I would seem to be far away on the pleasant coa3tof Fife. The sun would shine, and the corn rustle, and the yellow broom by the burnie's banks smell sweet in the summer's breath. But I could enjoy nought. I was, as .it were, seared, and the sources of pleasure dried up'. I saw the forms of people I loved, but I could speak to none. I saw my mother sitting on a sandy knowe, resting her head upon her hand, and looking over the blue sea. Bat when I would embrace her, there came darkness and pain, and the vision vanished. Then, perhaps, in my delirium, I would fanoy I was at sea; sometimes it was in the old fisher-boat, the Royal Thistle. No wind would stir, ' the' sky would bo glowing like a heated copper globe, and the boat' .would lie ... moveless as though nailed to the unsffrring sea. Sud denly my father's eyes would . look into mine with a long wan store, and so would we sit glaring at each other, like famishing and despairing beasts, while months, ana years, and ages, would appear to come and go and bring no change. Anon the mood would alter. Th'ea - 1 was on board the old brig Jean' Eivingstoue, with a merry breeze mid a blithesome crew. The bonny crags of St. Andrew's Bay would seem under onr lee, with the. ruined hiwera of abbeys and churches rising over the green : links, , and fading - from our sight as wo worked gallantly seawards. But ;the'.' scmie wonld straightway change td a furious storm in a -mid- winter night, with, .the fuam of the: .sea: and . the snow-flakes flying together. Then round the light'of the binnacle chere would crowd ghastly faces, - stating into mine — faces - with shaggy, antique beaids like the'ancicnt ssilora of Sir Patrick Spoils, long. 1 mg slcepingin the. wild North Sea. ; and surrounded by these finhy eyes ot hapless droirned maiihera,T would feel the good brm aeeta fd founder beneath my feet, so that I would shirt strmrgliug up from my bed of grass, crying out that I was drowning — that the boiling waves were chok ing me 1 - This was my seasoning fever, ' as they caUcd it ; and, though it did not last long — thdnks to the good treatment and the medi cinal herbs' of the Mo.iquito men— it left mc pang weak and ' helpless. I recovered my reason all at onqe, aa one waking from ffiestapor. df a deep sleep. My hair had been «it close,.- nnd : my. head was tied round with freshly rplooked plain tain leaves, coa- ; stantly dronohed with, wateri I lay upon, : blanket3, mono of which wo pomcseed when. I; ; was taken ill, and my linrii was "reasonably clean arid fresh. . ; The .wattled hut was open to tne preeze on every sme, and as it con tain. bnt one bed more, I gnessed that it .had been given ' hp lor my use 'and that of my. partner, Nicky, as inde«I it hacL Book-, ing around, I saw several pots, pans, baskets, and boxes scattered about, from which I concluded that the Spaniards had departed, and that my comrades had been able to recover ' some of the wreck of their prdpKty from the ruins of their habita tions. And this, indeed, I found afterwards to be the case. \- 1 was too weak at first to cull oat, and so. remained in silence, enjoying a delicious lan"- guor. aud cool and moist from head to foot. -The fever had tbsronghly left me, and I felt thankfol and devoutly glad; ' Presently .1- distinguished .the well-mown smell of tho: smouldering firo of: the. boucan floating into, thehnt, and hoon afterwards, Nicky, with bare aims aiid grimed hands, "entered; his; eyes sparkled when he .saw mo;W much ro- coTered, and ' presently calling- the r rest, together, they oil shook hands with me, and torn me to be of good cheer, for i had fare-'. reached on the' marsh fever, arid wonld soon: be qmte hearty. -And so, -indeed, it was." X grew very hnngiiy, and,. being. well fed, re-: gained :my,|etrength.. fast, so.', that, two' or three .'days after, the feverleft my. blood, I '« '« : 'XiA cvyil "brwvsM nt the seto,- . . i.:'.--.. . r.; ; JSxcept'twb men— both French — who had' joined when l was ill, none of the snrritora' of our original party had turned up ; some of them had., no dodbt heen made prisoners by the Sponiatils, othara might have started off to the eastward; as, . indeed, many ' pre-, vibnsly intended ; but wefeared that upwards' of one-balf of oiir comrades' were either caprivea; who would be forced to labour in the mines of Cnba, or had already — and the fate of these latter was more to be envied — ' died withtheir wounds, in front, giving battle to the cruel foe. - ; . . Being little able to woric for same rime after my recovery; -and the rest of the party filing engaged in the nsnal toil of hunting wild cattle, and preserving -the meat, by the boaeanv .it was often my habit to take the canoe and proceed in her down toward i the month of the bay, so as to enjoy the fresh and briny breeze which came from tho north-west across the ocean. To make these expeditions more pleasant, I pre pared a mast with a small lng sail, such as the canoe could bear, and I could manage with ease. Almost my first trip, when thus provided; .was to the scene of the late con test. I found nearly every trace of a settle ment destroyed. The rude jetty was all bnt demolished, and. over' the mini of the shat tered huts, great crops of luxuriant herbage had . grown, 'from which I often started snakes . and venomous insects, such as centipedes and scorpions, who delighted to make their nesta in the holes and crevices which they fonnd in abundance amidst the ruins of our huts. On a sweet spot of' green-sward, nader the shadow of a great spreading tree, there were rows of little mounds, very green. Here onr poor com rades lay buried. The Spaniards, it seems, had interred their dead, and on their de parture, which happened on the day after. I was attacked with fever, all our party had fine across the /hay, and . laid the dead uccaneers. beneath" the mould. Upon the bark of the great tree.I was at pains to carve ai deep cross ; for, though the symbol in ,Europe- be the mark of' a corrupt and idolatrous church, still. I ielt .that in the wilderness it might bear a truer and a . wider meaning, and point to future strangers that . the mounds beneath the tree covered the graves of Christian men. CHAPTER VH. THE BCOCJL5EEES ram OF TTTTt LIFE OX EHOBE, AXD DETEBMIXE TO GO SOUS TO SEX. : . Searching- about the place, I often dis covered' Utrie 'mattera, which I stored in the cahoe and : brought to our new settlement, such. as. hammers, harpoons for striking fish, fragments of cordage, rope, and canvas ; .and twice I dug np- from the rains boxes con taining seamen's clothes, which were very welcome to ns all. In one of these trunks I discovered some Spanish books, including a grammar and dictionary, and of these I hastened to avail myself, inasmuch as I saw that., a knowledge of this language might soon he of : the greatest service to me. Neither did my companions grudge that I thus applied much of my time to study, for none of them knew more than a few words of Spanish, and they were quite aware of the advantage of having one at least of their party tonversant with that toagoe. Thus, time passed away tolerably plea santly. The season for the arrival of the ships expected to load with the boucan prepared for them at the village on the east side of the bay, having passed and none of them appearing, we concluded that stragglers ' from onr old company had succeeded in making their way to Jamaica, Tortugaa, and other islands, and had informed the merchants and planters there of the attacks of theSpaniards, and the ntter ruin of the settlement, adding, very probably, that they were the sole survivors of the massacre. " It, therefore, became a question with us what to do. The French men were for journeying along the coast to the westward, and then, watching an oppor tunity to go across to Tortugaa ; bnt Stoat Jem told them they might do so if they pleased, bnt he Wonld prefer an island where his own countrymen lisd something to say in matters, an opinion which the rest of the English, as .well as the Dutchmen and the Indians, who do not love the- French, joined » in very cordially. The Frenchmen, who, fo do them justice, were very, good fellows, on this gave up their proposition "and swore that they wonld follow Stont Jem to the death; - " Say yon so, my boys?" cried the Dover mariner. . " Then so bo it ; and what I pro pose is this. Here be nine stoat men of its. for I count the Indians as good as white blood. , Oar peaceful trade in beef and hides, hath been ruin ad by theso accursed Spaniards, so I vote for the sea This proposal meeting with a clamour of approbation, Stont Jem flunrr aloft his hat. " We hare had enough of the shore this hout, inates," quoth he. "I want to hear the wind whistle throngh tarry ropes again, and feel a stout ship dancing under my feet." " Tab, yah," said the Hollander. " "We zaal be Zee Roofers onco more;" and nil the company flung np their hats like onr leader, and swaro that they wonld take deep vengeance on Jack Spaniard. For my part I was well pleased, for I felt I was a sailor, and that I had no business to be fol lowing a hunter's life ashore..- I had not very much taste for shooting bullocks, and stilHess for breaking them np, - cooking : and storing them ; and, although 1 had always cheerfully taken my turn to watch the boucan fire, my mind would often stray away upon the ocean, and I would pant for the fresh sea breeze, and the (is -ill of the. foaming brine. As for my comrade, Nicky, he was that easy kind of going man, that he seemed to care very little whether.he was on land or sea. He worked, ate, drank, sang, and slept, and- then rose merrily next day to go throngh. the same routine. . But ! Stout, Jem, who was the life and eonl, . as well ) as the captain, of ..Our party, was a sailor . all over. Ho had been many years in the Garibbeansea, -was » good" pilot, understood every: current, and. every indication 'of tho weather, and' moreover, know -by heart every buscaneejgng trick for casing of their cargoes the treasure-ships of the Dons. ... ... - But before we coh'd go to sea.' we must have a.vessel; and saving the canoe, which was hardly fit fora eruLvir, we were as un provided as though we.lived on the top of a mountain.- .There was nothing therefore ior it. as wo could not go in a ship, to the Spaniards, but to wait until the Spaniards shonld come in a ship to us, that is to say,- in such a small ship as we could master, and -afterwards manage." We might indeed.have not found much difficulty in entering an English privateer, many of wham we knew were hovering . on: the coast ; bat being acquainted with eaoh other well,-- -we preferred in ' the first place to capture such a small craft as we could man, afterwards making such additions .to our orew as might.from time to time be resolved on; In the meanwhile, wo continued to hunt and prepare the flesh of wild cattle and .boars, so that we shonld hare a good stock of pro- visions wnen we were ready to go to sea. - " Being, as. I . have said, always fonder, of ;water than .land; I oftEm induced tho Hoe- qnito Indians to allow me to go with them in their canoe, when they went to strike fish and manatee. Generally the Indians permit no one to accompany them in these expedi tions. and if they are forced to allow a white man into the canoe, tfcey will pur posely miss their aim at every fish or animal they strike, and so return empty handed. However, I being a great favourite with Blue Peter, who had indeed saved my life in the fever: and losing no opportunity, by such petty gifts as I had it in my power to make; of showing my gratitude, he made no. objections to myaccompanying - him and his comrade in. many, of .their expeditions; : We used' to start before sunrise. Bine Peter in the bows of -the canoe and Jock in the Btern,; both "paddling quickly, while: I sat amidiipsin the!botiom»- -No:. Europeans I ever saw can paddle so silently, swiftly,- and surely as the Indians on the Mosquito coast. They hold'rthe shaft of the paddle almost upright, never tonching the gunwale there with, -or splashing rudely in the water,'-. On the contrary, the. broad part of the paddle dips as clean as a knife, and the canoe glides wilhVi perfectly smooth and.rapid motion, so that, did yon not observe hoiy-fast the water ripples, by,- you - would hardly ' think, yon .were. ; moving ";,at all. When purau-' ing the manatee,- our -nsnal game; the head of. tho canoe was. turned', np the creek to the . higher banks, where the shore was sedgy and. k>w, where the mangroves reared' their dismal proves, and where the watergradna-lybroomuighrackishandmuddy, there is found floating and waiving from the banks, the long narrow-hladed grass on which the manatee, loves to feed. The crc3tore we hunted is a- harmless beast, like a great seal. It is a misfortune for himself that he has tender white flesh, tasting like veal, and that his skin makes very good thongs and straps, which tho Buccaneers use for divers purposes. Were it not so, he might float unmolested in the warm mnddy water, nibbling thestreaming grass, as the lazy current carries his heavy form slowly up and down the mangrove canals, twinkling his little pig-like eyes, and anxi ously jerking his stupid-looking head, if a cayman rolls with q splash from the mnddy bank into the river, or a squatting, flock of wild-ducks rise with a whirr from the sedgy surface of the neighbouring pool. But the poor manatee, being good to eat, most submit to be harpooned and eaten. "When we came to the feeding-ground which he loves, the Indians wonld paddle with double caution, and Blue Peter, whe was the striker, would carefully examine his harpoon, and see that it lay convenient to his band. Tho spear used for capturing the manatee is about 8ft. Ions. The iron barb, a heavy and sharp piece : of metal, is attached to the thicker end, and to the other is fastened a circular knob called the bobwood, round which is wound a strong line, one end of which is fast to the bibnood, the other to the iron of the harpoon. When the weapon is flung, the barb alone sinks into the crea ture's flesh, the staff coming unloosed from the iron, and the line rapidly unwinding from the bobwood, as ffie stricken creature dives in its agony and fear. -The Indians then paddle after the staff, and having seized it, gradually wear out the strength of the game and kill it. I shall not soon forget the first manatee hunt I saw. We embarked at -early dawn, and glided silently along the green shore, from which the mi.it of the night was lifting and rolling in white cloads far up the moan- tains. After long skirting tho mangrove wood, we turned from the main channel into a narrow creek, slipping along, in. perfect silence. Listen as I would, I could not even hear the water at the canoe's how. her mould was so perfect, "and so steady the strokes which propelled her. The drip of the water from the paddles as they were lifted alone made a slight tinkling sound. The sea breeze had not . yet begun to blow, and the aun came down scorchingly upon the tangled wood and the green water, the surface of which glanced like bright, clearoil. Presently Bine Peter laid his paddle' noiselessly down, and took np the harpoon. I looked anxiously ahead.. Clustered round tho trunk of a vast mangrove, which rose up out out of the water, there was a tangled heap of soaking grass and weeds. Tbo kneeling Indian crouched as if he were a graven image of ebony or bronze, and I saw the floating weeds move, and heard a grinding, splutter ing sound as of a cow grazing. Then the Indian moved a finger of his left hand, which he had kept outstretched ; his comrade at the stem saw the sign, and a peculiar sweep of the paddle sent the canoe slant ingly towards the weeds. As she diverged from her course. Blue Peter stood erect, and raising his right arm, with all the muscles swelling out liko knots and lamps of iron, darted the harpoon, as it appeared to me, into the centre of tho moving weeds. In stantly there was a great splash and plunge, and the cauoo racked upon a wave, which scattered the floating herbage, so that I saw 'disappearing in the water tho broad brown hack of a creature as large as a cow. Blue Peter, the instant he struck, sank again upon his kneel, and snatching up the paddle, prepared to move. Meantime I could see nothing of the harpoon, for it had been carried nnder water. Tbo Mosquito men then talked to each other in their own tongue, pointing to the direction in which the manatee appeared to have dived, and then began to paddle lustily'. About five minutes might have elapsed, when Blue Peter ex claimed . ' Ho ! — there !" and pointed. I, 1 looking in -the same direction, descried the staff" ox. the harpoon- seeming to : fly along- the surface of the water, the round bobwood throwing up a foam '2ft. high. Then the Mosquito-men palled hxr-1 in chase. I could never have thought that their gaunt, brown bodies had so much strength in them. Tho muscles of their naked arms and chests 8 trained and. swelled,- the paddle- shafts cracked, and tlie canoe seemed at evety stroke to be lifted out of the water. Still they did not gain upon the harpoon towed hv the manatee, but, on the contrary, rather lost, so that I began to fear that wo would never seo either harpoon or quarry ; hut, on a sudden, the motion of _ the former stopped, and it floated tranquilly upon the water. The manatee, being fatigued, had sunk to the bottom, and lay there. We now paddled carefully up, and Blue Peter caught the staff, and began to pull upon tho lino. Imme diately that toe wounded creature felt the smart, it started again. I saw the line vibrate and stretch out in a direction abeam of the canoe; but, in a moment, Jack, who held the steering-paddie, swept : the bows round 'in 'the direction . taken by the manatee, while Bine Peter fastened toe line to the prow of tho canoe. There . was ai jerk or. two; thongh not so much as I ex pected, and straightway we began to move ahead, Peter crouching in" the bows; signing to Jnck how to steer. . Por nrar a quarter of an hoar did the wouuded-.beast drag us through the water, sometimes so swiftly that toe foam -whizzed post us— anon changing bis course so suddenly, to: had not the canoe been steered with. perfect skill he would have draggednsnnder water. Then, his strength be- ginning to ebb from him fast, wehanlednpon the line, and gradually closed With our. prey, whose blood was now. redd-nibg the water. I pitied the-poor creatare,-as he pnt his head auovo the surface, and grunted- and moaned after his fashion; but he was ' soon out -of his pain. .Sipping alongside : Of- the carcass,. Blue Peter passed his long knife around its throat, and after- one or two: struggles and plunges, tho manatee turned over upon its back, dead. We towed him ashore, and securing him to a tree,' presently paddled off in search of more game of the same sort. ; But upon the whole. I better loved our fishing expeditious than the hunt of the manatee. The poor defenceless brute always inspired mo with pity." There is a meekness n bo lit lii i face which -mores' one. He-makes no attempt to torn to bay or show fight; bnt is slaughtered ' as ' unresistingly as a calf, and the haunts he . loves are the muddy and unwholesome canals among the mangrove swamps. Bht in'spearing fish we often rowed down the bav:to too rocky points and ledges of reef which "formed the outer most horns of the lagoon. There the clear; bine sea, spangled by the merry strength of' the sea-breeze, stretched illimitably. oat, and' the everhistiug surf flang aloft - its cloads of sparkling spray, high; iip among -the - rocks, now and then giving tho bushis a taste of the savonr of bnne. It was in the still pools and channels, formed by breakwaters of rock, that the canoe was -then navigated. . ' Let-the sea- breeze be blowing; and toe' surging swells; be tossing ' in, as' liard . nnd- fast as;' they might, there was a'iva js' ' calm . .water behind the reefs— so calm and so , clear!; I might think that I was looking into the swirlings of our trout- pool in the Bal- wearie Burn, but for the bright, jagged coral, and tho strange sea -weeds at the bettom, and the still stranger fishes floating, as it were, in pure mid air, but a fathoin down beneath the keel of the canoe. ' Gliding over these translucent waters, sometimes scraping the battered side of our skiff againgt toe rough coral edges; sometimes receiving a sparkling shower of spray when a bigger wave than ordinary burst upon the outside reef, the Hosqnito men were in their 'glory. Bine Peter stood erect in tho bow, his flack, flashing eyes fixed on' the Water as thongh ho wonld uoto every 'scollop- in the edge of tho jagged sea-weed; or every . wavy ridge on the bed of white sand, and Ins long thin fish-spear darting occasionally down into the flood to bo straightway" drawn, bending and quivering, back with a noble, fish, writhing- and - floundering, . impaled, npon the barhs. ' 'Always -upon these' expeditions'.. I- - kept' '% good look;; out ' seaward,' - and - often mounted : pin nacles of rock that I might have the better view. Once or twice I saw a sail, apparently, set on board a small, vessel slipping qnicklv down to the westward, or beating painfnlly to windward ; but the barques were too far at sea for me to make out aught of their charac ter or country. Daring the period of my sojourn in His- paniols it was onr custom to spend the evening together in the principal hnt — that which was first constructed, and which was of an ample bigness. Here, seated ronnd a great chest, which served for a table, -we smoked our pipes, drank pretty deep draughts of toe rich palm wine, and told in turn stories of our lives and adventuies. The hnt being only wattled, and that very imperfectly, the strong land breeze, blew throngh and through it, causing the flame of our solitary lamp to waver aud flicker, and not unfrequcntly putting it out altogether. We sat upon bundles made of our clothes, or heaps of dried- grass, and must, in sooth, have appeared a parcel of strage ragamuffins, with onr faces hurt to mahogany colour by the sun ; our hair and beards long, tangled, and matted ; aud our clothes, being coarse doublets aud short jackets cut in uncouth shapes, and often red aud greasy with the blood aud fat of the animals which it was onr business to kill. Stout Jem, being reckoned the head and commander of our party, sat ou a kind of settle for a throne, and the rest of' us crowded as near the great chest as we could, the two Mosquito meo excepted, who commonly sat apart squatted ou their hams, aud speaking to each other softly - in their own tongue. Sometimes we would play dice on theso evenings, not for money, of- which we had none, bnt for the carcasses of the cattle which we had killed and flayed ; but as the play was always fair and the dice true, it was gene rally found that no one either lost or gained much iu tlie loDg ruu. It was, however, the story- tolling nights I loved the best. Mirny of the tales then told were indeed very vulgar and common, and. unworthy of being 'recorded,; -turning, solely upon butcheries of the Spaniards at sea, and upon great -seasons 'of debauch, after a successful cruise, in Tortugas or Jamaica. Not a tew tales were told of ghosts aad omens, and such extravagances, which the superstitious nature of sailors causes them to believe and to hearken greedily to. I heard many such histories both at tb'« time and afterwards, ncd I design to insert one here, not because 1 think it at all credible, but because it is a very good specimen of the histories of ghosts, phantoras, and other supernatural appearances which were current among the buccaneers. This story was told by Stout Jem very solemnly, and listened to with no less eagerness, and in recounting it I will endeavour to put the matter into the narrator's words, of which, for an unculti vated seaman, ha had a good flow. Stout Jem called his h story ' ' The Legend of Foul- Weather Don,' and to it 1 will devote the next chapter. CHAPTER VIII. THE LEGEND OF FOCt-WEiTHEH DOS. Stout Jem told it thus : — "My story, mates, is a strange one. aud I say Dot whether it be true or false. I heard it in the middle watch, one -fine night, slipping down tho coast of Porto Rico, and the seaman who tohl it to us, said, that when he was a boy be sailed with the man to whom the thing hap pened, iu a big ship which hailed from Bristol. That the spirits of tho dead walk the world — ay, and sail the seas — is a thing I cannot say nay to. I cannot tell yon that I ever saw anything of the sort myself, bnt credible mariner and brave and sober men have assured me of thing which have mads my marrow creep, and the hair stand np, all bristling ont of my flesh. Well, then, about this story. The man to whom the adventure happened, was by name Ncd Purvis, a mariner. It must be nigh sixty years ago since he sailed out of the port of London on a trading voyage to the coast of Guinea. Purvis was "then a younker, there being little bettor than a year since he had followed the sea, and this was- hii first voyage abroad; he having under taken i in (he ship of his uncle, d good old man, of; a/mild disposition, and wc'l loved of .tho crow.. - As for Ned- Purris, ho was a reckless ruffling hlude, that cared neither for man nor devil, when his blood was up, and who thonglit but little of the glimmer of a drawn cutlass, or the Sash of a pistol, in a quarrel. But, as I told yon mates, tho "old man, the captain, was mild of speech and of heart, and greatly loved his ncphow, and thought much of the lad'a spunk and wild spirit. So they aided southerly, as became navigator, bound as they were to traffic for spice and rich oils and gold with. the blacks of Africa. " Having lost sight of England, they had prosperous winds and pleasant weather, and nought occurred until the seventh <lav from that in which they saw the last of tlie white cliffs. Then they were just moving throngh the -water and no more, for the breeze was bnt a puff, and tbc sun going down, when all of a sudden they saw a boat with a man in it, so close aboard that you might toss a biscuit into her. It was carious, mates, that almost all the men on deck raw her at once, when she was, as it might be, alongside ; and yet no one had seen her approaching. But strango as that was. com rades, it was not so strange as the cut of . the boat, and, for that matter, the cat of the man, in her. Tne stem and stem of the craft were very high, and ended in curled bits of carved wood. Her gunwale, too, was all carved and sculptured, in sncb a way as vou mav have seen the pulpits and choirs of cathedrals and abbeys, and such buildings in. England and France, and the Low Giun tries, being very artificial work done with gravers and chisels. "Ned. Purvis remembered afterwards, when he saw a great Spanish painting of Christopher Columbus, landing on bis second , voyage upon .the island"bf"Hispaniolal that the admiral sailed is a barge, carved and ornamented after the f ashioa of that of which I am now telling yon. . And the man, mates, looked as old as hi boat. He had on a high conical hat, with a feather in it, and he wore a grave-coloured doublet, of an old fashion, with slashes in the the arms, and brocaded flowers embroidered thereon. Ronnd his neck was a stiff raff. He had red stockings, and great bnnphes of ribbon in his shoo. The iaoe of this strange person was severe and grave. He had no ruoustachois, bnt a thin peaked beard which fell over his frill. Every now and then be smiled with a strange, wild expression, which was. that of a bitter sneer; and his eyes shot a sparkling light, which was stony and cold,- and from which men turned their heads, as if by instinct. Well, then, the cap tain. when he saw this queer cruiser, seemed fascinated, and gazc-d npon him, as. you may have seen small birds on "the boaghs gaze at snakes, whose eyes glitter out of the" grass beneath, and presently, the man in the boat waved bis arm, as a signal to those on board to tukejiirn in. AVcll; no one tirrwl lint Ttirsia nnrl' nnfnm flin nlrl captain could prevent him; Ned flnng a rope to the stranger, who straightway canght hold of it and mounted on deck.; - . " « Where Li your captain V says be, in a " hollow, harsh voice. " The old man comes fora-ard, as pale as a corpse, and quoth he— ' " ' In tho name of God, what want ye on board my ship f ; . " Now, at the name of God, Ned Pnrvis thought that the strange man started and shook ; but he replied not. only taking the old captain by the hand, pointed to his boat,' which was towing astern. "'Mofj said" the old mariner, faintly, ' he will not "be denied : rret his boat aboard.' But the crew slunk together in a body, and murmured to each- other, bnt pnt not a -hand to rope or tackle. Theu Ned Purvis stood forward. " ' "Who are your' raid he, and why dibnld we take you or yonr boat aboard?' ' "'You yourself asked me, quoth the! strange man; 'yon flung tho rope; but for that I should have floated past you; I never come bnt where some one welcomes me.' \- ." Now, at this, Ned Purvis, confessed that he felt like -a great sinner',' arid all the men. turned round.-, and. tooaed ,nrst at mm and- then at the stranger. J Bat Ned -plucked ..up courage, arid determine!' to give them all bald words. So he walked np to the'stranger,' and said — " ' Well, I did heare you a rope ; no true-hearted mariner would seo a man adrift upon (be ocean, and not offer him rescne. ' I care little what yon be. If you are our fellow-creature, we have done but our duty in saving you ; if you be not, why, we are honest men here, having no crime upon our consciences, and wo defy the devil and nil his works. Come, shipmates, lend a hand, and heave the old gentleman's barge aboard.- It's the captain's orders, and orders must be obeyed.' " And so, after a little grumbling and mnrmnring, the boat was hove aboard, and placed between the masts. There was neither food nor water in her, and her bottom was as foul with barnacles and sea weed as if she had drifted ten times round the world. Meantime, tho stranger and the captain went below, and the men stood in a group round tho cabin, bnt they could hear nought of what took plaoc there." and presently they retired to their nsnal posts. Well, Ned Purvis was in the first watch, and when it got dark he was standing leaning against the main chains, wondering at tho strange event of the day, when the captain touched him on the shoulder. "'Newy!' saya the old man. 'know you whom yon have brought aboard into this ship ?' " ' Why, uncle," amwered Ned, some what taken aback at this address, ' ought we not to take aboard any man we find starving in a boat upon the ocean, more than a week's sail from land ?' ' " ' Ay, nevvy,'- quoth the old captain, ' any man, bat not any phantom ; it is more, than a hundred year since the passenger you brought on board this unhappy ship was a man !" " 'Do yon know him then; uncle?' says Ned ; have you ever seen him before ?' "'Ay, boy.' replied the old mariner; ' once, when I was a yonth, he. boarded, a ship in which I sailed, as he did ours to day.' " And what did he ?' asked the young sailor, his heart flattering within him. " Raised storms,' said tho elder Purvis, solemnly ; ' raised a tempest such as I never saw before, and had hoped, until now, never to seo strain. " 'Then, in the name of God," sava Ned, clenching his fist, as I brought him on board, I'll pitch him overboard, and 111 begin with his boat first.' And so saying, be OcjiAU ID I lift Sc J«LSi» d UJCJUC ID UlC CtiriCU prow. 4 Hold, hold V sold Chptaizx Purvis ; he mu5i go by his own free will, or ho will not go at all.' " But who—who. in the devil's name, is he, uncle?' touted Ned. " 1 He is a restless phantom — a wandering, unquiet spirit,1 savs the old seaman, with Ids voice trembling, and his grey hair all dank with the cold sweat. ( 2Ie was a cruel cap tain' of Spain, who, holding a high command in Hispaniola, wrought great cruelties to the natives, and even to his fellow- coantr viucn, a masting thus a great treasure, which he buried in one of the small keys or desert islands of the Western Indies, "to wait an opportunity of conveying it to Spain ; at Jemrth this seemed to have arrived, and in a stout vessel he set sail for the trea»"ur island; but on the voyage a terrible fever fixed upon him, and haviug partially re covered, he fonnd his memory so gone that he could not recal to his mind any signs by which be knew either the island, or the part of it where the treasure lay. Notwithstanding, howerer, he woald continue to cruise for weeks and week among the cluster called the Virgin LJ.es, to the east of Porto Rico — never sleeping, so they said who sailed with him, but alwayti standing on the highest yard, gazing wistfully for his treasure he bad buried. At length his crew loat patience, and insisted upon retnrnim; to Hispaniola; at this he fell into furious fit- of rage, but nt last, they being obstinate, he swore a solemn oath that dead or alive, he would sail the sea until bis treasure was either found and spent or placed for ever beyond the reach of men. And then, order ing them to put ont a boat, stepped on loird, and they left him floating, an "hundred years ago, tut as we founi him this after noon' /-. ' - 4 4 But he lias been wn quoth Ned, after a pause, for he did not know what to think of thin story. ' " 'Twice that I know of, said his uncle, 'and once, I tell you, I saw him, and be came on board and- brought tempest with him: they called him. 4 Eoul-V'catfter Don.' and learned men soy be must keep his oath, in the spirit, if not iu the body, and that lie will have no rest till the terms of it be ful filled.' " ' So he brought bad weather, did her 6aid Ned, musing. " 4 Forthe three weeks he was on board/ says the old mnn. 1 the blast never lulled, and the sea ran higher than the inaioyard.' ( 4 Aud what did, lie do all that time r cries Ned, again. He sat in the great cabin/ replied the uncle, with his back against tbo rudder- case, and never spoke word nor broke bread. ' How did be leave your was Ned's next Question. ' 44' He rose one evening, just in the twilight, and ordered the captain to put his boat into the water, though none of us thought a boat would live in such a sea, and none built by man's hand could. But that one '---and the old sailor pointed to the sea-worn craft, with her bottom one bed of weed and barnacles — 4 but that one floated like a duck upon the great breaking seas; and presently, with grave courtesy and farewell gesture, Foul- Weather Don stepped to the gangway, and from thence on board his skiff. We saw him once or twice rising on the tops of the great seas, and 'standing up in. the boat with his hands , clasped, as one praying ; then boat and aU dbappcared, .aiid we .saw. him no more. The' next hour the gale broke, the sea went down, and we were again enabled to lay our proper course.': . " 4 And what is Foul-Weatber Don doing in the cabin just now V sayB Ned. 44 4 Sitting with his back against tho rudder-case,' answered Captain Purvis ; 4 aud see — look there! the old man added, and he pointed to the east, 4 look at that bank of cloud rising from tho ocean — there's the gnic cmning. Before midnight Fool- Weather Don will have all his winds blowing about him.' 