Miscellaneous. From our latest English filea to hand we take the following interesting items : — The Prince of Wales has arrived at Homburg, which is said to bo filled with English visitors, and never was Switzerland so crowded with tourists. The Princess and her daughters remained on board tho Royal yacht off Co wes. One day they went to Otborue to Join the Queen in witnessing the antics of gome Derfofniing dogs. In September the .Prince and Princess will visit Vienna. Prince George ia being feted in Canada. \- The Emm-ess Frederick attended the chrisf/mins- of her grandson in Athene. The infant received the name of George. . The Empress returns to Germany to arrange for the marriage of another of her daughters. -? The Queen-mother of Spain is staying mi St. Sebastian, where the little King regularly takes eea baths on the beach. He had'just had hie haircut short for i he first time. The Queen presented oneof his long dikon cnrls to Jhe nurse as a souvenir. At a recent ;felhionable marriage at Khightsbridge, several people, as usual, hit upon the same present, the wedding gifts including seven horse-shoo diamond brooches! The Princess of Wales gave a moonstone and diamond on?. . Ladies are not permitted within the House of Com mons, and hava -to content themselves, with 'peeping through, the glass door. The other e veiling a lady, mistaking her. way, walked; straight into the Houbo, and advanced almost as far as the Speaker. A ripple of laughter announced her advent, and the messengers, aa eoon- us they conld recover themselves, politely escorted lbs lady into tho Jobby. ' . The Commissioners ef the Exhibition of 1851 have decided to hand over a portion of the surplus for the establishment of science 6cb.0larflb.ip3 in connection ?'with provincial colleges. ? ' ? - Daring the past 54 years the National Debt has de creased from £845,000,000 to £6S4,C00,tO3. . The Dachess of Manchester left a saloon carriage -at Elision station for a moment to epeakto tho station master, and while her back was turned a thief made off. with a satchel containing her purae and some valuables. , . . . Tne JEarl of Jersey .opened . a barn erected by public snbscription on allotment land at Chamdon, Bucks. - A monument has been erected in Brussels Cemetery in Lonour of the dead who fell at Waterloo. The Duke of Cambridge will unveil it. According to the forecasts of agricultural journals, the harvest this year will not be Jar below the average. Much corn is beaten down and the blight has uppeared in Dorsetshire. Owing to a etrike of labourers in Nor folk, the farmers and their friends have agreed to as-Jst each other at harvest, and the grain will be thrashed in the field to s»ve stacking. ; Pianoforte-tuning, fruit-growing, and poultrykeep ing are suggested as occupations for women. It ia ^estimated that there are 45,000,000 head of poultry in France, where moat of the British ' shop eggs ' come from. . . _ , A young woman complained to a London magistrate that after .sue bad furnished a home her intended kept in bed on the day fixed for the wedding, so that he 1 should ..not bo warned. All the same be Lad claimed the furniture. This, the magistrate said no oae but the young woman had 'any right to. A couple in Connecticut were married on a* tandem tri ycle. At eoon as they -had been pronounced man and wife they started cSj-u their wedding tour. A coupte \- in Austria wentflfor their honeymoon tour in a furni ture van which they had hired and mted-up with every comfort. After thia year every railway ticket is to have printed on it the amount of the faie. Some trains in America , carry a staff of females who can Tie hired aa ladies' maids for ladies travelling alone, or to take charge of ' young children travelling: without escort. 'Ainh-'membera of 'a sisterhood drowned themselves in Canton because one of them was forced by her parents to be married. A London costumier at the Lewes assizes sued a hus band to recover £894- for dresses supplied toiiiswife. The jury were unable to agree, but the Judge gave a verdict for the defendant, there being, he said, no evi dence of the wife having authority to pledge her husband's credit. It is said that Miss Knowles, who was awarded £10,000 damages for breach of .promise, within a few days of lift) verdict received several offers of marriage from unknown sympathisers. The defendant threatens to appeal against tho damages. Rear- Admiral Knowles denies that the young lady is his niece. The Countess de la Torr was sned at Uxbridge for ; board and- l^ging. She went to lodge at Gentrd'a Cross, BuckB, nor pets numbering 23 cats, over 40 goats, two dogs and a donkey. :* * The staff at the observatory on the top of Ben Nevis have made a pet of a mountain hare. A performing bear escaped at Liltlebampton, and '? while crossing the green dragged a little c&ild; from its nurse. The animal was, however, driven away, and the child rescued unhurt. Some caves have been discovered at ©ban containing human bones believed to be those of ahellfish eating cave-dwellers. The annual corn festival has just taken place in the 'Com Palace' at Sioux City, Iowa. This palace illustrates the enormous TeROurces of America. The whole structure, with the exception of the flooring, is built, furnished, and decorated with nothing but corn. Tho watts aro formed *roni the stalks of Indian corn lated 'together. Thera are numerous saloons and par lours Sn the palace, and thereilinfrs are supported upon piUara fantastically wreathed with various sorts of grain. During the recent gales a hosiery factory was blown down at Leicester. ?'?' ?'? ??? ''? A hurricane which lasted only a few minutes, and was followed by hai\ wrecked the stalls in Northampton market. A shower of frogs is reported to have fallen with a heavy downpour at Holy well. Germany is suffering from a plague of moths, which are literally stripping whole foresta of their foliage. The heat in some parts of Russia was never known to be so intense. The rail «ay disaster at Armagh, which censed the death of 80 Sunday -school children, has cost the com- , pany £150,000. Thorley'B cattle food factory, near KingVcross, was partly destroyed by fire, the damage being estimated at £27,000. '?? ?' ' Two boys playing with matches led to the destruc tion of Molle, a Swedish watering-place. The visitors formed themselves into a line, and from hand to hand passed buckets of water from the 6ea to the primitive tire-engine, and the lady visitors in another line passed back the empty buckets. Four deaths have been occasioned by cricket-balls within a week, Three of the victims were children who approached too near the players. The wife of the rector of Cogenhoe, near Northamp ton, gave a tea to her young women's Uible-class, number over 30. Subsequently all suffered from poison ing, and were confiaed to -their beds, for a time the lives of -some being in danger. They had partaken of sand wiches. 'While a gentleman was driving in Paisley, a little girl ran in front of the horse, and would inevitably have .been run over had not a collie dog which was running behind the carriage seized the child's dress end dragged . her from her perilous position. ? ' ' ? The cholera occasions alarm on tbe Continent. The pilgrims who escape the quarantine continue to carry tbe contagion from .Mecca, where, as also at Jiddah, a number of deaths occur daily. A death from cbolera .occurred in Madrid, and there is a reported outbreak in Cairo. A sailor, who recently arrived in London from .Calcutta, has died in Poplar Hospital from. Asiatic oWera. \- The coroner, at^-Stoke-on- Trent has applied to tho Home Secretary to know how to deal with a young in corrigible. 'This boy, 4^ years old, deliberately pushed another child into the canal, causing it to be drowned, acd thtn foolly told what he hod done. He had twice ' before pushed children into.tlie water, but they were rescued. ? ? ; . - ? An ex-convict, a man of colour, broke into Dartmoor Prison, and was cotected thrcuph his feet accidentally touching a wire and Betting a bell ringing.. He declared . he had intended murdering a warder and setting fire to the ' establishment, out -of revenge, he iiavingbcen badly treated while imprisoned there. - , ? . ? The latest automatic novelty has appeared in Paris. A halfpenny will secure a drink of beer, wine, coffee, or tea hpt or cold. Another machine for a halfpenny ' supplies you with a pailful of hot 'water for bath pur poses.'' : ? ' ? . ,:. * ; ' . ''' /' \ ' ; ?A young man in Nebraska ehot his former master dead in revenue for being discharged tor making love to the lajtter's daughter. He also shot the daughter.'' He waaArrested, but an infuriated mob dragged him from prison and lynclied him. , ' -...,.. ?- = ?'TtfriR^jkes talks of reinstating' 60 out '0?' the' 400 ! discharged postmen.: . ^ ' *';/: : \\.J, \ Over 6O;O00 fpilgrims yi^Tted the shrine at , iKnoik} ! and Borxie miraculous healings were reported. i Cr\\)wd8 of people assembled nightly found the ruined '? chapter «f Dublin Cathedral to' watch for the', ghosts 'ft , of pric.-ts and nuns. ' \ \' . ' ? ? ' ' . The Bonapartista in France have been celebrating the **, Feast of. St.' ^Napoleon.' -'The gadfly wiistcdat is : cbmrng again into faBnion in France. tJaribaldi's widow 16 about to remarry, A man in Germany pur- - chaced an old piano' for a small Bum, and while repair ing the case discovered a euni equivalent to £1800 hidden away in the interior. Three American mission - ariea have been murdered by Arabs in the Soudan. '. .' The White Star steamer Teutonic has just made the fastest- passage to AmericsCgthe time being five days 19 1 hours and five minntee. . . ' -An AUBt_rian claims to have invented a missile that ' should put an end *o tbe carnage in war. Bis plan is : to burst a shell containing a fluid which, on liberation, isooftyertedintoapaB, under the effect of which every living being within a considerable space becomes un conFcionsjmdremaina bo for hours.'? ? ? The late Mr. James Naamyth, invent6r -of the steam hamiocr, d:ei worth £243,805, a good portion of which; upon the death of the 'widow, will be handed over to charities. He left direcrions that his body should be cremated, believing that process to be the best way biV disposing of the dead, and the most beneficial for the* health of the living. -' The late Dake of Manchester directed by his will that his body should be cremated, and his ashss buried in an urn. . - The obituary for the week ending August 21 in cludes:— Mr. Walter, «f Rochester, one of the few sur vivors of the Sir John Franklin Belief Expedition; Commander Irwin, Father of die British Navy, aged S6; Charles Dibdin, the novelist, aged 49; Lord Justice KaUb, the Irish Jndge, who was Lord-Chancellor of Irehmdin JJx. Gladotone's Adminifltratien 