NORTHMEN MAIL NEWS. {From our Exchange*.) ' A vary sadden death occurred a few days ago at Cooktown. Mr. F. 8. Schofield, Secretary of the Hospital Committee, was talking to his wife whon he fell forward, and died before she could return with assistance. Deceased loft a widow and three young children, who, unfortunately, are very poorly provided for. Recently at Charters Towers, His Honour Mr. Justice Chubb asked an aboriginal witness " Where God, Dick ?" The aboriginal's face suddenly lit up with a gleam of intelligence, as he pointed to the Judge, and answered, [ " You God. " After that aiiBwer His Honour said it was fair to assume that tho witness was a heathen. Some great shearing was done in tho Afton Downs sheds this season, says the Townsville Bulletin. In one day of eight hours 47 shearers put through 6978 Bhcep, thus averaging 148 per mau. Fight of thu 47 men shore over 200 during the eight hours, one of them reaching a tally of 253. Shearing finishod this week on the station. One hundred tons of sweet potatoes, the product of ten acres of land, farmed by a Chinaman on tho north branch of the John- stone, were this week sold to Goondi Planta- tion at £2 15s. per ton, says the Geraldton Advocate. This represented tho neat little cheque of £275-not a bad sum for a China" man, as thc result of three months' cultivation. Referring to the maritime strike, the Townsville Bulletin says:-"Thc unionists were called out on the 22nd of August. Be- tween that date and the 29th of October, when they offered to return to work, fifty four steamers arrived from the south and north to the agency of Messrs. Burns, Philp, and Co., Ltd., und the cargo handled from and to those steamers amounted to 8419 tons and 6570 bales of wool, all of which was handled by free labourers. This does not include thc cargoes of the Dairymaid and Electric Light, which have boen trading as usual, to Baratta Creek. The shipment of bananas from Cairns has been stopped for the last few weeks owing to the great losses incurred in the trade. Growers are now endeavouring to get thc freight reduced from ls. ti J. to ls, per bunch, and threaten not to ship any further parcels until their demand is complied with. Some idea of thc loss shippers have been subjected to may be arrived at from the following : - 27th September, Bulimba, 8972 Imnches, all rotten ; 4th October, Maranoa, 5251 bunches, 33 per cent roticn ; 13th October, Arawatta, 2546 bunches, all rotten ; 19th October, Cintra, 3854 bunches, good order- 27th Ootober, Aramac, 7330 bunches, not yet tb hand. It is understood thc award in the casa of the dissentient shareholders in the Day Dawn Freehold was paid over at Charters Towers yesterday, says thcTotmsvilleiSuit'eiin. The dissenting sliareholdcrs were Messrs. John Clark, R. Russell, Ellis Newton, and others, who held about 4000 shares, and when the amalgamation of tho freehold with another lease took place they refused to take shares in thc amalgamated company in ex- change for their utterest in thc freehold. They commenced on action for the value of their shares at thc tune of amalgamation, and obtained £11 5s. each. The total of the award was nearly £7000. The case is an in- teresting one, inasmuch as it protects the in- terest of small investors in the event of stronger shareholders insisting on an amalga- mation of which men with limited capital might not approve. During the passage of the train from Hughendon yesterday, says the Townsvillc Bu/lelin, the passengers wore treated to un- wonted excitement and sensation. A few miles from Warrigal Creek a mob of horses, consisting ahiefly of maros with foals, wore observed feeding close alongside the line, and as the train advanced started off in front at full gallop. As they kept crossing in front of the locomotive tho driver perceived the danger of rushing through them, and therefore had to slacken speed. The horse» galloped - ou, persistentlykecpingjuBt in-ahanirdousdistanco ahead, and as they became tired so thc speed of thc train slackened, until at last it was only travelling at the rate of about six miles per hour, the driver all tho while endeavouring to frighten them off thc track. Eventually a ganger who saw tho unusual cavalcade ap- proaching headed tho horses into thc bush, and thc engine-driver at once set about making up for lost time. Croydon, says thc Mining Kew«, is suffering from an overdose of dullness. The trade is almost Vt a standstill. The mills have stopped work at Tabletop for thc want of water, and wc believe stone also. That once stirring little town is almost deserted, and the old hands are emigrating to fresh fields and woodlands new. When thc rain comes there is uo doubt hut Tabletop will revive Mill owners must prepare themselves fur thc fact that they will have to lower their prices con- siderably itt order to keep their mills going, as there is any amount of stone tu bc got on the field which would pay if the price of crushing was lower. As it is now the miners have no chance, for after thc mill, thc essayer, and thc bank have got their pickings, there is very little for the man who has probably toiled on scanty fare while raising it, to call his own. Let prices come dowu and wo eau expect to see our mill yards a bit fuller than they arc at present, and thc miners who arc working their owu shows with a trifle more to spend when they come into town. A meeting of the Townsville Private Medical Club was held last week. After tho usual routiuc business hod been disposed of, it was unanimously resolved .to wind up the club at the close of the year, and form instead a new society, to be culled the Townsville Medical Protection Society, with which lodges or friendly societies muy affiliate without sacrificing their own rights and independence. Private members will also be received, as in thc former club. It was resolved to place upon thc staff' all registered medical men residing iu Townsville who are willing to act for the fees now paid for similar services by thc Friendly Societies' Medical Union, so that members will hove ample choice of medical advisers. Lodges already iu existence may enrol cither all their members or as many ns they please for an annual foe of 30s. per mem- ber, payable in monthly instalments. This will entitle such members to all the privileges and to a choice of all the doctors on tho staff, with all tho medicine thc}' may require ; and, as no further risk or expense will be incurred, it will bc a great increase of privileges, and a considerable saving of expense as compared with thc present Medical Union. Wc continue to receive most satisfactory aud convincing proofs of thc solid advantages thc residents of Townsville and thc neighbour- hood havo already received from the visit of Mr. John Mahon, thc manager of tho Govern- ment Travelling Dairy, remarks tho Towns- ville Bulletin. Many of thc settlers who profited by Mr. Mahon's tuition have assured us that a now era has been established in the dairying industry since his advent, aud that it is impossiblo to compute the monetary value to tile district of the revelations that bc has made in tho way of butter ¿nd cheese making. What were considered to be almost impossible operations tu e now acknowledged to lie simple, and what is more to thc purpose exceptionally profitable. The fact that no less than eighteen cream separators, together with various other modern ap Iilianccs for butter and cheese making lave been ordered, shows the importance of the revolution for which he is responsible. Wo recently were favoured with thc oppor- tunity of sampling cheeses madu according to Mr. Mnhon'B precepts. Ono was made at tho Show Grounds under every disadvantage, but it proved to bo decidedly the best wu have tasted in this part of the world. Samples of it. were submitted to acknowledged exports, who pronounced that a better cheese of tho class could not bc imagined, and who would scarcely bclievothat it was a local production. More recently Mr. Saunders, of Spring Vnle, forwarded a cheese made under Mr. Mahon's directions, thc flavour of whioh could not be surpassed by tho best New Zealand or'Tic toriun article. It is a comnwu complain^ that Mr. Mahon's chooses are too good-they ezelte an altogether too robust an apprecia- tion. Recently two Javanese wera sent with one of the salving party's boats to the seeno of the Quetta wreck, says the Torres Straits Pilot. From their first sight of the locality tho men became sickened at heart, and it was thought they were suffering the common " mal-do-raer," although quite an unusual thing with such a race. Nothing further was heard about the matter until some days after their return to this island, although one man continued very unwell. It thon transpired that a superstitious dread was alone respon- sible for the unexplained illness. A large number of Javanese were amongst tliose un- fortunately drowned : and when thc two countrymen viewed the Beens of tho sad disaster, the ghosts of the dead must have arisen like that of Hamlet's father. One of tlie men stubbornly avers that he distinctly saw one of his countrymen risc from the wreck, and demand a pair of trousers with which to clothe his nakedness. This tho dreamer refused to give,- and the spirit vowed vengeance and a persecuted life to Iiis nnsympathishig fellow creature. This little imaginative Bceno has so preyed on the Javanese mind that he was incapacitated from work for several days. The strong winds and rapid tides have, writes tho Torres Sh ail* Pilot of Saturday week, as we predicted, checked any appre- ciable progress being made with the salving work on the Quetta. Uiver Anderson has had some peculiar experiences, while Mr. Sefton, thc wool sorter, hos learned that it blows hard in these parts, especially for thc smaller luggers which carry on tho majority of the work. In some of tho deck cabins, Anderson found clothes hanging up, but as soon as he touched them they fell to pieces, being com- pletely rotted. A tin travelling trunk was found ; thc lid lifted off when trying to move it, and when the handle was pulled upon to lift thc box, thc sides parted company from the bottom. Thc salt water* had done its work. A gold watch chain with the Masonic emblems of compass and square os a trinket, was found in good state ot preservation. A ladies' bracelet made of wliat might bc called French enamel corcriug the mern, impressed with a flower pattern and inlaid with three small pearls, was found in a position most extraordinary and mysterious under the cir- cumstances. It was lying on its flat on thc vessel's side ; and there it was held by corrosion in defiance of tho currents which arc so strong at certain periods of thc tides as to sweep the divers olT the wreck. The spring of the bracelet is in perfect working order. Thc bracelet and thc gold chain will be handed over to tho rightful owner when that person has satisfied Messrs. Burns, Philp, and Ca of his title. K-otliing else of any consequence was obtained. The walls of the deck cabins are covered with a thick slime, which comes off when touched, and discolours thc water so that thc diver cannot work. Anderson has not been able to enter the holds or main cabins, nor have any holes yet bee» mode in the vessel's side through which to work the cargo. A small piece of wool was found loose, end it is said to he in a good state of preservation. Somerset will be made tho depot for the drying and re- packing of tl» wool-when it is secured. The heavy winds mid the rapid tides which in- variably follow the full moon should check nil work during this week, and probably well into next week. 