" A'SEt'-O'F' OHfiSSMEN. L , .".But, Mousieur, perceive bow magaific®' -fltarare! There is oot in ftnisterOf thwe a not '.SBdttaoy, nay it is obtain there is not in Trance so superb ft set -of chessmen An<Yv0y " < 4t"> ihe carving — observe, for exampl®> tab ' vanevwwBui" - They certainly were a curiou6set of chessmOT, > xaagnifieent in & way, but curious first ot all. AS ALDobraeau remarked, holding a rook inoue \- 4iand and a knight in the other, theca je paid tp i '-details by the carver really xvm eurprisiiig. Bat two haudred and fifty francs! For a ®t of xhetomeul v 'f 44 So, so, my friend. I am willing to admit that the work is good — in a kind of away But , "two hundred and fifty francs I If it were fifty, wHrF" . " Fifty I1 Up went M. BobiDeau'sebonlders, nH down wait M Bobtneau's head between BiRin| in the fashion of those toys which are , pulled by netting. " Abt mon IHeu ! Monsieur -Uughaat me!" And . there came another voluble declaration t of -their merits. They certainly were & curious set. 1 really think they were the most curious > est I ever saw. I would have , preferred them, "dor instance, to anythiug tliey have at South Kensington, and they have some remarkable examples there. And, of course, the pnee woe ''.small. But when one hna only five thousand ' francs a year for everything, two hundred and < 'fifty being i«l«m away—anu for a set of chess- men— does leave u vacancy behind. I asked Bobineau where he got them, Buai- . "ness was slack that sunny afternoon— it eeeined to me that I was the only customer heaver had, . bnjt'th&t; must have been a delusion on my part Export said he was a warm man, one of Morlolx's warmest men, and his queer old shop in the queer old Grande Bue-nGrande Hue ! what a v'n&me; for an alley !— contained many things ' which were valuable as well as queer. But there at least was no other customer in sight just ' then, soJBobineau told me all the tale. It seemed there had been a M. Funichon— i, .'Aiwurffl . Funichon — no, not a Bldon, a » Parisian, a true Parisian, who had eome and i 'settled aown in the commnue of Plouigneau, '.over by the gara. This if. Funichon was, for example, a little— well, a little — a little ex- 'ftlted, let us say. It is true that the country \- ' peoplo said be was stark mad, but Bobineau, ,f for his part, said no, no, no ! It is not nccee- \- ' sarj because one is eccentric that one is mad. Here Bobineau looked at me -out of the corner \- of his eye. Are not the English, of all people, the most eccentric, and yet is it not known to aU '.the world that they are not, necessarily, stark ' mad ? This 1L Funichon was not rich, quite . thfi.contrary. It was a little place he lived 111 — ; the merest cottage, iu fact. And iu it he lived . alone, and. according to report, there was only ' one thing he did sJl day una all night long, and that was, play chess. It appears that he was rithat rarest and most amiable of imbeciles, a j ' chess maniac. Is there such a word ? t'. "What a life!1-' said M.Bobine&u.; "Figure \- >it to yourself ! To do nothing— nothing ! — but . play chess ! They say" — M, Bobineau looked \- round him with an air of mystery — " they say he starved himself todeath. He wossobesottea : ' by ins miserable diees that he forgot — abso lutely forgot, this imbecile — to eat," v .That whs wh&tM.; Bobineau said they sard. ''It required a vigorous effort of the imagination , 'to quite . take it m. To what q state of forget- fulness must a man arrive before he forgets to ?«at! But whetherM. Funichon forgot to eat, \- or whether be didn't, at least he died, and being dead they sold his goodt— why they sold them "was not quite clear— but at the sale M. Bobi- '-'aeauwnsthe chief purchaser. One of tbechief lots was the set of ivory chessmen which had caught my eyes. They -were the dead man's :I favourite set, and no wonder I Bobineau was of opinion that if he had hod his war he would have bad them buried with him in bis grave. " It is said," he whispered, again with the \- glsnceof mystery around, "that they found him dead, seated at the table, the-chessxnen -on <4he board, his hand on the whits rook, which was givingmate to the adversary's king." Either what a vivid imaginatioOhadBobineau, or what odd things the people said ! One \- pictures the old man. Mated all alone, with his ' 4&st; breath -finishing niagame. a- Weiyi bought the set of ivory chessmen. At this time of day I freely admit that they were 'cheap ot250f.— dirt cheap, indeed; but a hun- ' died 'was ell 1 paid. . I knew Bobineau so well I dare say he bought them for twenty-five, y -jftk I bore Chen triumphantly away my mind "-Wfts Occupied .by thoughts of fiieir original 'possessor. T wos filled by quite a sj>ntiTP<ynte1 . tenderness as I meditated on the part they hod 'rilaved. aocordiner ' -to Bohmeati. in- +hnt. l&jrf.; scene. - But SkScrran drove aU those thoughts 'away. Philippe Henri de St. Servan was rather a difficult person to get on with. It was ' with him I shared at that time my apartment on ' ttie pl are, "Lelusaee!" I remarked when I cot in; ' 11 what have I here V ' . "was seated, his country pipe in his mouth, at the open window, looking down upon the river. The Havre boat was »n airing ; "ready to start— at Morlaix the nautical event ' of the week. There was quite a bustle on the " quay. St. Servan just looked round, and then looked back again. I sat down and untied my purchase. I thinkthere have been criticisma — dero gatory criticisms— passed by a certain person upon a certain set of chessmen. Perhaps that person wQl explain what he has to say to these." . St. Servan marched up to the table. He looked at them through his half- closed eye lids. 1 "Toys!" was all he said. . - 4t Perhaps ! Yet toys which made a tragedy. Have you ever heard of the name of Fuiii. 'chon r" By a slight movement of his grizzly, grey eyebrows he mtimated that it was possible he had. 44 These chessmen belouged to him. He had just finished a game with them wheu they found him dead — the winning piece, a white rook, was in his " hand. Suggest an epfapb to be placed over his grave. There's a picture for a painter— cb ?" " Boh ! He was a Communist !" That was all St. Servan said. And so saying, St. Servan turned away to look out of the window at the Havre boat again. There was an end of Al. Funichon for ham. Not that he me&ot; exactly what he pjid. He sunply meant \- Funichon was not Legitimist— out of Sympathy vrith the gentlemen who met, and demyed, visibly, before the naked eve, at the club on the other side c-f the place. "With St. . Servan not to be Legitimist meant tu be nothing at all — out of his range of -virion absolutely. Seeing that was so, it is strange he should have borne with ine as he did. But be was a wonder ful old man. n. We played our first game with the ivory chessman when St. Servan returned from the dab. I am free to coufess that it was an oc- . canon forme. I had dusted all the pieces and had the board all laid when St. Servau entered, . sua wnen vrc arew ior choice of moves the dominant feeling in my mind was the thought of the dead man eitung all alone, with the Whiterookin his hand. There was an odour of sanctity about the affair for rue— a whiff of air in the land of ghosts. Nevertheless, my loins were girded up, and I was prepared lo hew myself as a wan in the tiife. We were curiously well matched. St. Servan and t We had played '220 games, and, putting draws aside, each had scored the same number of wine. He had his days, and so hod L At onetime 2 was eleven games ahead, but Einfle that thrice-bicosed hour I had not scored ft single game, fieliad tracked mc ste&dilv;, and eventually had made the scores exactly tie. In these latter days it had grown with him to be on article of faith that as a chess player I was quite played out— and there was a time when I had ilioueht thi Knm» nf him t He won the move, and then, as usual, there an interval for reflection. The worst thing about St Servan— regarded from a chess- Tlapng pohit ct view— was that he took such \- w, tune to begin. When a man lias opened his ; game it is excusable, laudalfie, indeed— if he 'Pauses to reflect a reasonable length of time. Butlnever knew a man who was eo fond of re- tiectiqn before a move was made. As a rule, . "thai absurd habit of his had quite an irritating effect upon my nerves but that evening i " frit quite cooland prepared to rit him ont. , .Tboce we -sat, both smoking ourgreatpipes, he .' jrtuxpgfttSie hoard, and lot him. He nut out htthsmdj almost touched « piece, and then, rithT® start, be drew it' back again. An interval— the same pantomine again. Another interval— and a repetition of the pantomine. I ' Tfffreoa. cloudof amoke into the air and softly ? had haen ten minutes by WftUm. J jPogiblylherigh faodft stimulating yg.l.fodEnlyeched out his hand quern's krugbt'-a pawn -ft angle "was 'riarSed. He was great at book yptofas-that was the abeurdest part of it He iEgMtBaAjontoanpppselhnthB wasxnedita- would WpebMmil'abnftCT alLij He, Jri vejppnlesse-fl fit i- un to player, t ©wont; ;v-; 4.: v/':; ; mysteries— nover ! not if loutspan Methnsehib. ; lam uot built that way. "St Servan and I were two children who loving the sea, dabble their feet in the shallows left bv the tide. I have no doubt that there are a dozen replies to that opening of his,but I did not know one then. I had some hazy idea of developing a game cf my own, while keeping on eye on his, and for that purpose put out my band to move the queen's pawn two, when 1 felt my wrist grasped by— well, by what felt uncommonly like an invisible hand. I was so startled that 1 almost dropped my pipe, I drew my hand back again, and was conscious of the slipht detaining pressure of unseen fingers. Of oourso it was hallucination, but itseemedso real, and was eo unexpected, that — well, I settled my pipe more firmly between my lips— it had all but fallenfrom my mouth —and took a whiff or two to culm mv nerves. I glanced up, cautiously, to eee if St Servau noticed my unusual be haviour, but his eyes wero fixed stonily upon the board. < After a moment's hesitation — it was nbaurd . — I. etretcltod out my hand again. The hallucination was repeated, and in very tangible form. I was distinctly conscious of my wrist being wrenched aside and guided to a niece X hod never meant to touch, and almost before I was aware of it, instead of the move I. had meant to moke. I had made a servile copy of St. Servati'e opening— 1 had moved queen'6 knight's pbwt) a single wnnnn 1 'to iniopr cue lauguae oi ujo ia,. Swiveller, that was a staggerer. I own that for an instant I was staggered. I could do nothiug else but stare. For at least ten seconds I forgot to smoke. I was conscious that when St. Servan saw my move he knit his brows. Then the usual Interval for reflec tion came again. Half uneousciou6ly I watched him. When, as I supposed, he had decided ou his move, he stretched out his hand, as I had done, and also, as I had done, he drew it bock again. I was a little startled— he seemed a little startled, too. There was a momentary pause ; back went his hand again, and, by way of varying the monotony, ho moved— king s , knight's pawn a riuclc square. \- 1 wondered, ana held my peace. There might be a gambit based upon theso Hues, or there might not. but since I was quite clear that I knew no reply to such an opening, I thought I would try a little experiment, and put out my hand, not with the slightest conception of any particular move in my head, but simply to see what happened. Instantly a grasp fastened ou my . wrist ; my hand was guided to— king's knight's pawn a single square. 4 This was getting, from every point of view, to be distinctly interesting. The chessmen ap peared to be possessed of a property of wluch Bobineau bad been unaware. I caught myself wondering if he would have insisted ott a higher price if he had known of it. Curiosities nowadays do fetch euch fancy suins — and what price for a ghost ? They appeared to be auto matic chessmen— automatic iu a sense entirely their own. Having made my move, or having bad( some body else's move made for me, which is per haps the more exact way of putting it, I contemplated my antagonist. When he saw what I had done, or what somebody else had done— the thlngsare equal — St. Servan frowned. He belongs to the bony variety, the people who would notioU in a chair to save their lives— liis aspect struck me as being even more poker-like than usual. He meditated his reply au un conscionable length of time, the more uncon scionable since 1 stronglv doubted if it would be his reply after all. But at last he showed signs of action. He kept his eyes fixed steadily upon the board, bis frown became pronounced, and he began to raise his band. I write " began," because it was a process which took some time. Cautiously he brought it up, iuch by inch. But no sooner hod he Drought it over the board than his behaviour became quite singular. He positively glared, and to my eyes eeemed to be having a struggle with his own right hand. A struggle in which he was ! worsted, for he leaned baric in his seat with a curiously discomfited air. He had moved queen'e rook's pawn two squares— the automatic principle which im pelled these chessmen seemed to have a par tiality for pawns. It was my turn for reflection. I pressed the tobacco down in my pipe, and thought — or tried to think— it oat. Ives it so hallucination, and was St. Servan the victim of hallucination too ? Had I moved thoee pawns spontaneously, actuated by the impulse of my own free will, or hadn't I ? And what was the meaning of the little scene I had just observed? , I am a tolerably strong man. It would require no slight exercise of force to compel me to move one piece when I had made up my mind that I would move another piece instead. I have been told, and I believe not altogether untruly told, that the rigidity of my right wrist resembles iron. I have not spent so much time in the tennis-court and fencing-room for nothing. I had tried one experiment, I thought I would try another. I mode np my mind that I would more queen'6 pawn twe — stop me who 6top I felt that St. Servan in his turn was watching -mc. Preposterously easy though the feat ap peared to be as I resolved on its performance, I was conscious of an unusual degree of cerebral excitement— a sort of feeling of do or die. But as, in spite of tbe feeling, i didn't do, it was perhaps as well I didn't die. Intending to keep complete control over my own muscles, I raised my righthand, probably 1o the full as cautiously as St. Servan had done. I approached the queen's pawn. I was just about to seize the piece when that unseen grasp fastened on ray wrif-t. I paused, with something of the feeling which induces the wrestler to pause before entering on tbc veritable tug of war. For oi.e thing I wae desirous to satisfy myself a6 to the nature of the grasp — what it was that seemed to grasp inc. It seemed to be a hand. The fingers went over the back of ray wrist, and the tliumb be neath. The lingers were long.- uid thin— it wa6 altogether a slender hand. But it seemed to be a man's band, and an old man's hand at that. The skin was tough and wrinkled, clammy and cold. On tbe little finger there was a ring and on the first joint, '.here appeared to be something of the nature of a wart. I should say that it was anything but a beautiful hand, it was alto- gethc r too attenuated and claw-like, and I would have betted that it was yellow with age. At first the pressure was slight, almost as slight as the touch of a baby's hand, with a gentle inclination to one side. But as I kept my own hand firm, stiff, resolved upon my own particular move, with, as it were, a sudden snap, the pressure lightened, and not a little to my discomfiture, 1 felt my wrist held as in an irou vyce. Thcu, as it must have seemed to St. Servan, who, I was aware, was still keenly w&tcbing; me, I began to struggle with ray own hand. The spectacle might have been, fun to him, but the reality was, at that moment, any thing but fun to me. I was dragged to one side. Another band wae fastened upon mine. My fingers were forced open- 1 had tightly clinched my fist to enable ine belter to rcaist— my wrist was forced down, my fingers were closed upon a piece, I wae compelled to move it forward, mv finpprs nnre mi. fastened to replace the piece upon the board. The ciovc completed, the unseen grasp instantly relaxed, aud 1 was free, or appeared to hie free, again to call my hand my own. I had moved queen's rook's pawn two squares. This may seem comical enough to read about, but it was anything but comical to feel. When the thing was done I stared at St. Servan, and St. Servan stared al me. We stared at each other, 1 suppose, a good leug minute, then I broke the pause. "Anything the matter?" I inquired. He put up his hand and curled bis moustache, aud, if I may say so, he curled bis lip as well. " Do you notice anything odd about— about tbe game?" As I spoke about the game, I motioned my hand toward my brand-new set of chessmen. He looked at rae with hard sus picious eyes. is it a tncjc oz yourq; lie asked. " Is what a trick of mine ?" " If you do pot know, then how should I r" I drew a wliiff or two from my pipe, looking at him keenly ail the time, Ihcu'signed toward the board with my hand. " It's your move," I said. He merely inclined liis head. There was a momentary pause. When lie stretched out his hand he suddenly snatched it back again, and half started from his scat with a stifled execra tion. " Did you feel anything upon vour wrist?" leaked. "Mon Dicu ! It is not what I fed— sco that." He Whs eyeing his wrist as he spoke. Ho held it under tho glare of the lamp. I bent across and looked at it. For so old a man he had a phenomenally white and delicate glrin —under tbe glare of the lamp the impressions of finger marks were plainly visible upon his wrist. 1 whistled as I saw them. " Is it a trick of yours r" he asked again. " It is certainly no trick of mine." "Is there anyone in the room besides us two F' I shrugged my shoulders and looked round. Hie, too, looked round, with something I thought not qalte easy In fc'bglanw. "Gerteinly ttoone of my acquaintance, and certainly no one who is visible to me." a With his fair white hand— the left, not tbe One which had the finger- marks upon the wrist -—St. Setyan smoothed his huge «nQ«steche,' ' < ' SgmBOMor pomethingnas compelled me — yMifrona the first— to move, not as I would, I hut— hah I X'fcnow not how." 1 " Exactly Dm same thing has occurred to mi laughed. St. Servan gtoxodL Evidently the humour of the thing did not occur to him, he being the Bort of man who would require a BurgicaTopenitiou to make himeeo a joke. But the humorous ride of the situation struck me f0"Ferhairt wo ore favoured by tbe presence of a ghost— perhaps even by the < ghost of H. Funichon. Perhaps, after all, he has not yet played his fast game with hia favourite set He may have returned— shall we say from— whore r to try just one more set-to with us! If my dear Sir"— I waved my pipe affably as though addressing an unseen personage—' " it is rcauy you, I beg you will reveal yoursrif— materialise; is, I believe, thefexpresrion now in vogue— and ahow us the sort of ghost you are!" Somewhat to mv surprise, and considerably to ray amusement, St. Servan rose from his seat aud stood by the table, stiff and straight as a acattoldpolc. 44 These, Monsieur, are subjects on which one does not jest." 44 Do you, then, believe in ghosts? _ 1 knew he was a superstitious mau— witness his fidelity to the superstition of right divine— but this was the first inkling I had had of bow far hi super stition carried nim. ' "Bolicve! — In ghosts 1 In what, then, do you believe? I, Monsieur, am a religious man." 44 Do you believe, then, that a ghost is present with ub now— the ghost-, for instance, of Kl. Funchion ?" St. Servan paused. Thon ho crossed himself— actually crossed himself before my eyes. When he spoke there was a peculiar dryness in his to,,e .ii " With your permission, Monsieur, I will re tire to bed." There was an exasperating thing to say ! There must be a largo number of men in the world who would give — well, agood round sum, to light even on the trail of a ghost. And here were we in the actual presence of something — let ub say apparently curious, at any rate, and here was tit. Servan calmly" talking about retiring to bed, without making tbe slightest attempt to examine the thing! It was enough to make the members of the Fsychtcal Research Society turn in their graves. Tbe mere sug gestion fired my blood. 44 1 do beg, St. Servan, that yon at least will finish tho game." I saw he hesitated, so I drove the nail well home. " Is it possible that you, a brave man. having given proofs of courage on countless fields, can turn tail at what is doubt- lees an hallucination after all r" ' Is it that Monsieur doubts my courage?' I knew the toue— if I was not careful I 6hould have an affair upon my hands. " Come, St. Servan, sit down and finish tbe game.' Another momentary pause. He eat down, and— it would not be correct to write that we finished tbc game, but we made another effort to go on. Afy pipe had gone out. I refilled and lighted it. 44 You know, St. Servan, it is really nonsense to talk about ghosts." 44 It is a subject on which I never talk." " If something does compel us to make moves whici we do sot intend, it ie something which is capable of a natural explanation." 44 Perhaps Monsieur will explain it, then?" 41 1 will! Before I've finished ! If you only won't turn tail and go to bed ! I thiuk it very possible, too, that tbe influence, whatever it is, nae gone — it is quite on the csrds that our imagination has played us some subtle trick. It is your more, but before you do anything just tell me what move you mean to make." 44 1 will move" — he hesitated — "I will move queen's pawn." He put out his hand, and, with what seemed to mo hysterical suddenness, he moved king's rook's pnvrn two squares. 44 So ! Our fricud is 6till here then F I sup pose you did not change your mind V" There was a very peculiar look about St. Servan'e eyes. " I did not change my mind." 1 noticed, too, that'hiB lips were uncom- monlv compressed. 44 ft is my move now. I will move queen's pawn. Weare not done yet. Wheu I put out my hand you grasp my wrist — and we shall see what we shall see." 44 Shall I come round to you.?'1 44 No, stretch out across the table— now !" I stretched out my hand ; that instant he stretched out his, but spontaneous though the action seemed to be, another, an unseen nand, had fastened on my wrist He observed it, too, " There appears to be onother hand between yours and mine." 44 1 know there is," Before T had the words well out mv hand had been wrenched aside, my fingers unclosed, and then closed, then unclosed again, and I had moved king's rook'e pawn two squares. St Servan and I sat staring at each other. For mv part I felt a little bewildered. 44 This is very curious ! Very curious in deed ! But before we say anything about it we will try another little experiment, if you don't mind. I will oomc over to you." I went over to him. 44 Let me grasp your wrist with both ray bauds." I grasped it as firmly as I could, as it lay upon his knee. Now try to move queen's pawn." He began to raise his hand, I holding on to his wrist with all my strength. Hardly had he raised it to the level of the tabic when two un- seen hands, grasping mine, tore them a way al though my strength were of no account. I saw him give a sort of shudder — be had moved queen's bishops's pawn two squares. 44 This is a devil of a ghost," 1 6aid. St. Servan said nothing ; but ho crossed himself not once, but half a dozen times. "There is still one little experiment that I would wish to make." St. Servan shook his head. " Not I!" he said " Ah, but, my friend, this is an experiment which lean make without vour aid. I simply want to know if there Is nothing tangible about our unseen visitor except liis hands. It is mv move.'' I returned to my side of tbe table. I apa in addressed ravself, as it were, to an un- sffiii auditor. 44 My good ghost, my good M. Funichon— if it is you— you arc at liberty to do as you d«sire with my hand." I held u out. zt instantly was grasped. With ray loft hand I made several passes in the air up and down, behind aud before, in cverv direc tion, so far as I could. It met with no resistuuee. There seemed to be nothing tangible but those invisible fingers which grasped my wrist— and I hod moved queen's birboji's pawii two s juares. tit. tier van rose from his scat. 44 It is enough. Indeed, it is too much. This ribaldry must cease. It bad been better had Monsieur permitted mc to retire to bod." ' Then you are sure it is a ghost — the ghost of Al. Funichon, we'll say." 44 This time Alonsieur must permit inc to wish him a good night's rest." Ho bestowed on me, ae his manner was, a 6liff inclination of the head, which would have led ;i stranger to suppose that we had met each other for the first time not ten minutes ago, insicriQ oi being the acquaintances of twelve good years. He moved across the room. "St. .Servan, oue moment before you go'. You are surely not going to leave a man alone at the post of peril."" "It is belter that Alonsieur 'should come too." 44 Half a second, and I will. I hare only one remark to make, and that is to tbe ghost.5' I rose from my seat. St. tiervan made a half-movement toward the door, then changed his mind and remained quite still. 4 If there is any other person with us in the room, may I ask that person to let ua hear hL< voice, or here r Just to speak one word." Not a sound. 14 It is possible — lam acquainted with the lawswhioli govern- eh— ghofts— tliattbe faculty of speech is denied to thcin. If thai be so, \- »«jui ui h «igii — jor instance, move a piece while my fricud and I arc stauding where we arc." Not u sign ; not a chessman moved. 44 Then, M. Funichon, if indeed it be rou, and you are incapable of speech or even' of moving a piece ot your own accord, and are only able to spoil our game, I beg to inform you that you are an exceedingly ill-mannered and foolish person, and had far better have staid away." As I said this I was conscious of a current of cold air before my face, as though a swiftly- moving hand had sliavcd my cheek. 44 By Jove, tit. Servan, something lias happened at last. I believe our friend the ghost has tried to box my ears !" St. Servnu'e reply came quietly stem. 44 1 think it were better thut Monsieur came with ine." For some reason St. Servan's almost con temptuous coldness fired my blood. I became sudaenlv enraged. 44 1 shall do nothing of the kind ! Do you think I am going to be fooled by a trumpery conjuring trick which would disgrace a shilling ecance ? Driven to bed at this time of day by a ghost! And such a ghost! If it were some thinglike a ghost one wouldn't mind; bat a fool of a ghost like this !" Even as Die words passed my lips I felt tbe touch ( of lingers against my throat. The touch increased my rage. I snatched at them, only to find that there was nothing there. 44 Damn you!" I cried. 41 Funichon, yon old fool, do yon think that jou can frighten mc? You see those chessmen; they are mine, bought and paid far with my money— yon dare totry and prevent rae doing with them exactly as I please." Again the touch against ray throat. It made my rage the more. " As I live, I will smash them all to pieces, and grind them to powder beneath my heel." My passion was ridiculous— childish oven. But then the circumstances were exasperating — unusually so, oue might plead. ' Iwnsetand- ing three or four feet from the table. I dashod forward. As I did so, a hand was fastened on my throat. Instantly it was joined by another. They gripped me tightly. They maddened mo. With a madman's fury I still pressed forward, 1 might as well have fought with fate. They clutched me as with bands of steel, and flung me to the ground. ra. e ; When I recovered consciousness I found St. Servan bending over me. "What U the matter ?> I inquired, when I found that I was lying on the floor 44 I think you must have fainted." "Fainted ! I never did 6uch a thing in tny life. It must haveboen a curious kind of faint, I think." ' It was a curious kind of faiirt." With his ossistat.ee I staggered to my feet. I felt bewildered. I glanced round. There were the cheseraeu still upon the board, the hanging lamp above. I tried to speak. I seemed to have lost tbe use of my tongue. In silence be helpod rao to the door. He half led, half carried rae— for I socmed to have lost the use of ray feet as well as that of my tongue— to my bedroom. He evcu assisted mc to undress, never leaving mc 1:11 1 was between the sheets. All tbe time not a word was spoken. When be went I believe he took tbe key outside and loeked thedeor. That was a night of dreams. 1 know not if I was awake or sleeping, but all sorts of strange things presented themselvos to my mental ore. I could not 6but them from my sight. One figure was prominent in all I saw— the figure of a twMi. I knew, or thought 1 kuew, that it was M- Funichon. He was a lean old mao, and what I noticed chiefly were his hands. Such ugly hands ! In some fantastical way I eeemed to be contending with them all through the night. Ana yet in the morning when I woke— for I , did wake up, aud that from as 6woot, re- freshing sleep ae one might wish to have— it wae all gone. It woe bright day. Tho sun was shilling into the great, ill- furnished room. As I got out of bed and began to drees, the humorous side of the thiug had returned to me again. The idea of there being anythiug supernatural about a set of ivory cheasuien ap peared to me to be extremely funny. I found tit. Servan had gone out. It was nctuallv half-past ten ! His table d'h«Me at the Hotel de Hrettignc was atclevcu, and before be breakfasted lie always took a pc, i t rtrrr at the club. If he had locked tho door overnight he had not forgotten to unlock it before he started. I went into the rambling, baru-Uke room which served ns for a ?ah>K Tho chess men had disapjioared. Probably St. Servan had put them away— I wondered if the ghost bad interfered with him. I laughed to myself as I weut out — fancy St. Servan contending with a ghost. The proprietor of the Hotel do Bretagne ia Legitimist, eo all tho aristocrats dine there — of course, St. Servan with the rest, because, pre- 6umably, the landlord's politics ore congenial. Ae to his cooking it is apparently indif ferent—I never knew a worse table in all my life ! Tbe landlord of the Hhtel do l'Europe may be a Communist for all I care — his oooking is first-rate, so I go there. I went there that morning. After I had breakfasted I strolled off toward tho Grande Hue, to H. Bobiucau. When he saw me, M. Bobineau was all smirks and smiles— he must have got those chessmen for less than fivc-aud-twenty francs! I asked him ii he had any more of the belongings of M. Funichon. 14 But certainly ! Three others sets of chess. I didn't want to look ot those, apparently oue set was quite enough for me. Was that nil he had? 44 But no! There was an ancient bureau, very magnificent, carved—" I thanked him — nor did I want to look ot that. In the Grande Rue at 'Morlaix old bureaus carved about the beginning of the fifteenth century — if you listen to the vendote— are as pleotifuras cobblestones. 44 Bat I have all sorts of things of M. Funichon. It was I who bought them nearly- all. Books, papers, and — " M, Bobineau waved his hands toward a mul titude of books and papcre which crowded the shelves at the side of his shop. I took a volume aown. vt neu i opcuca u i lounu it was ra manuscript. 44 That work is unique!" exclaimed Bobi neau. 44 It was the intention of M. Funichon to give it to the world, but lie died before his pur pose was complete. It is the record of all the games of chess he overplayed — in fifty volumes. Monsieur will peiceivc it is unique." I should thiuk it was unique ! In fifty volumes ! The one 1 held was a large quarto, bound in leather, containing some six or seven huudred pogcs,aiid was filled fromcovyrto cover with matter in a line, clear haudwritiug. written on both sides of the papo. 1 pictured tbe face of the publisher to whoiu it was suggested that ho should give to the world such a work as that. I opened the volume at the first page. It was, 06 Bobineau raid, apparently the record, with comments, of an interminable series of gamer of ehesa. I glanced at the initial gauio. Here are. the opening moves, just as they were given there: — white. Queen's Knight's Pawn, one square. King's Knight's Pawn, one square. Queen's Hook's Pawu, two squares. King's Hook's l'awu, two ,-quares. blace. Queen's Knight's Pawn, one square. King'6 Knight's Pawn, one square. Queen's Hook's P.iv n, two s juares. King's Rook's Paw: , two equares. TLc-y were exactly tlie moves of the night before. They were such peculiar moves ami made under such peculiar circumstance;- that I was scarcely likely to mistake theiu. So far a;; we hud gone. tit. Servan and I. assisted by the unseen hand, had reproduced Al. Funichon « initial game in the firet volume of hi fifty — and a very peculiar game it (H-cuicd to he. 1 asked Bobiueuu what he w ould take for the volume which I held. "Monsieur perceives that to part them would spoil the set, which is unique. Monsieur shall have the whole fiflv" — I shuddered. 1 imagine liobineau raw 1 did, he spoke so very quickly — 'for a fivc-frnnc piece, which is less than lh«; value of the paper ami the binding." I knew then ihat he had pr&bablr; been paid for carting the rubh'sh away. However, I paid him his five-franc p:cce. and marched off witii the volume under my arm. giving him to under stand, to liis evident disappointment, tl.at at my leisure I would give him instructions as to the other forlv-uinc. Ab I went along I thought the matter over. Mud of man — he appeared to have earned his singularity even beyond the grave. Could it have been the cold-blooded intention of hig ghost to make us play the whole contents of tho fifty volumes through r What a iiend of a ghost ln& ghost must be! 1 opened the volume and studied the initial game. The jeople were right who );;id said that the man was mad. None hut an imbecile would have played eueh a game— his right huiul itgain-jt hi left ! — and none but a raving madman would hare recorded his Imbecility in black and white, as though it wore a thing to be proud of J Cer tainly none but a criminal lunatic would have endeavoured to foist his puerile travesty of the game and study of chess upon two innocent men. Still, the thing was curious. I flattered mv- self that St. Servan would It startled when he raw the contents of the book I was carrying home. I resolved that 1 would instantly get out the chessmen and bi-gin another game — peihaps the ghost of M. Funi chon would favour ub with a further exposition of his ideas of things. I even made up my mind that I would communicate with the Psychical Rest-arch Society. No! at all improbably they might, think the'ease dentiy remarkable to send down a member of their body to inquire into the thing upon the spot. I almost began to hug myself on the possession of a ghost, a ghost, too, which might bc induced to perform at will— almost on the principle of "drop a coin into the slot and the figures move!" It \vo6 cheap at a hundred francs. What a stir those chessmen f-lill might make ! What vexed problems thoy might solve! Unless I wae much mistaken, the ex penditure of those hundred Iraucs hud placed mo on the royal road to immortality. Filled with such thoughts I reached our rooms. I found that tit. titrvau had returned. With him. if I may say so, he had brought his friends. Such friends! Ye Goths! When I opened the door the first thing that greeted me was a strong, not to say suffocating, smell of incense. Tho room was filled with smoke. Afire was blazin r on the hearth. Before it was tit, Servan on hie knees, his hands clggy-d in front of him, in an attitude of prayer. Jiy him stood a priest in his robes of office. Ho held what seemed a pestle and mortar, whose con tents he was throwing by handfuls into the flames, ( mattering some doggerel to himself Che while. Behind were two acolytes, With nice ideea faces ana niec white stoles, who were swinging censers— hence % odonr which filled the room. I was surprised when I beheld all this. They appeared lo be holding eome sort of religious service— and I hod not bargained for that of thing when I had arranged with tit. Servau to share the rooms with him. In my eurpriso I unconsciously iu- terruptcd the proceedings. 44 St, Servau ! Whatever is the meaning of this ?" St. Servau looked up aud tho priest looked round— that was all the attention they paid to me. The acolytes eyed rao with what I con- ooived to be a grin upon their faces. But I wasn't to bo put down like that. "I must ask you, St. Servan, for an explana tion." The priest turned the mortav upside down and emptied the remaiudcr of its contests Into the fire. 44 It is finished," he said. St Servan roso from his knees and crossed himself. 44 We have exorcised the demon," ho ob served. 41 You have what r" I askod. 41 We have driven out tho evil spirits which possessed tho chessmen." I gasped. A dreadful thought struck mc. "You don't mean to say that you have dared to play tricks with my property t" " Monsieur," Baid the priest, 44 1 have ground it into dust" He liad. That fool of a St. Servan had ac tually fetchod his parish priest, and his acolytes, and their censers, and between them they had performed a comminatory service made and provided for the driving out of demons. They had ground my ivory chessmen in theneetle ana mortar, and then burned them in the lire. And this in the days of the Psychical Research Society ! And they had cost me a hundred francs ! And that idiot of a ehost had never stretched out a hand or said a word. — The Corn- hill Magazine. 