ENGLLSH DRAMATIC DOINGS. [From the London Era] Mr. J.L. Tools is very emphatic on the sub-<*> ject of the rumors of his marriage in Australia. The popular comedian thus writes to a friend: —" My dear- . Just got your letter with thht lytcg paragraph about my mircUga. Wb?t a thundering shame! Nat the ghost of an atom of troth in it. An awful lie. I hive net the faintest notion of ever getting mutiei egain. Pr?y contradict it every where." MJBB Ellen Terry's dreeees ia * Rkp£iia?jod" at lbe Lyceum are cxtrexely originil ani piotnteique. Her first oostume is a riding babit of prawn colored velvet with hat and plurcea to match. A pick and white brocade tube is wont by Mits Terry ia the eoooad act, and is fastened back with jewelled eUupi and aigrettes Beneath is a green and white sUiped ulk petticoat. The third drees ia of pile bine, and shows a lace petticoat beneath, with a laoe under bodice, caaght across the but by jawels. The last coslnme is made ol white satin and law, and the skirt and bodice are ornamented with jewels. The designs of the dteuea ate from the skillnl pencil of Mrs. Gomyn* Oart. The extent to which ardsevlogiiMl accuracy is carried nowadays in the matter of stage dressing is shown by the fast of Miss Ellen Tear electing to wear in " B*venswood, n at the Lyceum, tbe stiff and longwaisted corsets of tbe Queen Anne period, so that the costume of Lucy Aiblon may be ia every way com pletely "realistic." All reooUeotions in connection with the various versions ot Sit Walter Ssett's "Bride of Lamrsennoor " will be interesting at this ffioTPftitw The opera cf *' Lucia di fjatomev* moor" was composed bj Donizetti expressly. forDaprez. He was the original Edgardo, and aang tbe part in Italy in 1836. The opera was plsytd for tbe first time in Paris, in Italian, at the then Italiku Opera House, in the Pltte Venddme. The site is now a hate ps>at offije. In 1846 it was firtt played ia French at the Opera House in the Roe Pelitie*. The EJgar vss Du.rtz, DongUs Ashtoa BiCToflhet, and Lucia Mdlle. Nan, who had previously played the put in 1841. at tbe PrinoessTi, under the management of Maddoz. In the Eoeliah dramatio ver?ioo, written by Ciloraft, Alice Gray is not blind. It was ? strong heavy part, played by a Mxs. Benaud. Toe clay ended in tbe second soene of the fifth ast in tbe ball of the lord keeper's house. After Lney has signed the contract Edgtx appear* ai in tbe opera. Laoy does not go mad a* in the story, but dies on the Bttge, of Midden grief and a broken heart, in tbearms of Etna. Toe old prompt book cay s," Raveoawood atatte ap, draws ana engage* Colonel Athton. At the fint pass Kaveo?wood runs upou bis award exclaiming, 'Thai I provoke toy fate. Tv past, the prediction is fulfilled.'" It is behaved that in Mr. Herman Merivale's version, a> in tbe old play, l«acy Ashtan does not go mad, but suddenly dies of grief and a broken heart alter Edgar bu left her. Bat Bavtnswood dies in tbe quicksand at the Ktlpie's flow, and thus toe prediobsn is literally tol?lled. Bat tbe great draoutie effect in tbe Lyceum play is the fnneral of old Bavtnswood, Bdgar'e father, and the attempted arrest of tbe religious ceremony by the offiwra oi tbe law. This is only britfiy described in J Scott's novel, bat the author expressly says— " Tbe scene was worthy of an artist's penail." Doubtless it will be so under Mr, Henry living's direction at the Lyceum. Mr. Augustas Harris, proprietor of Drnr/ lane Theatre^ Sheriff of London, has h?l an elaborate dress ohariot built for him by Meters. Ivall ft Large, of Oxford street. It is painted • rich green, tastefully lined in relief aud gold, and fitted with a handsome pair of chased lamp and missive snake loops. Toe hammer dotb is of rich dark green doth and velvet, ornamented with green and gold fringe and bonJlioE?. and finished id oentre with the city am?, finely chased. Tne panels of the bsdy bear heraldic devices. The irwide is linsd with lemon-eotortdfancy si?s tabaret. relieved with broad laces. An amvtring incident oosorred at Darby Theatre on Monday, September IS. dnrimr the periorn-Biice of "Nowadays." When John Saxon and Gabriel Htrpur were on the stage together in the Epsom soene, aod tne latter was asking the other's f orgivsness. a pittite, fearing tbe Yorkshiremau's Datoral obatiaacy would get the better of him, aod cause him to Rpel the friendly advance, called out," Gome, gie him your hand, owd ohap!' Tbe editors of • Sin Fraocisoo newspaper, seeing auwmueed on tile boiletin baaxi* of another Journal "fire at the Alhambra," prts paved «n irrmginary dispatch. TJnf ortnoitely sbey mistook the Attiambra in Qranada fjr the Alhambra in London, and embellished tbe tele gram with narrowing details of narrow escapes on the stage and shrieking ballet girl*. A xQost patbetio story was told ot how the pour girls' inthed madly into tbe streets with •'nothing on" but their ballet dresses. The tttoaikable telegram wound op by Skying that the Queen bad sent a menage of condolence. "Tbe Prime Minister" had its 650 th can eeoutive performance by Mr. fjawreooe Daly's eonipany at the Theatre Royal, Weymouth, on Tneidsy, September 23. Both financially and otLerwue the results of the tour have been very catisfaetory. John L* Sullivan, the ex- pugilist, who re cently made his first appearance on any stage at Bridgeport, Conn., had some odd notions with respect to sheatrioal costume. He at fint in sisted upon going ob the stage with the oonv pfoxiontbet nature gave him. But eventually be allowed the author of the pay to totteh ap Itm eyebrows and Irpp. and settle his i oolot wtth grease paints. Ahoat th« question of dress Ballivaa was deddtd. Though npnowd to be ■ bboktmith in the p)?y, he declared emphatically against weatiDg sooty clothes. He insuted upon beeimncg tbe phr in the costume tnst he f« to wear m tbe finel teeee; silk corduroy knee bieechef, vootlen stookiot^, and patent leather •hoes. "Dent yon think." tbe author ventured to reroaik, "that th?t is a fanny tostrane fot s> blacksmith to west while ha is rcafciatt/ rjorseehoe* ? * " Well, my dear boy," returned Sullivan, amiably, "Yon don't want me to change my clothes every second, do yon? I have to look pretty in one act, any way, said lam going to softer enough ai it is from the heat without coming into this hole of a dressing-room every art and changinfr rig*." The Australian to ar of the Lislie and Parren company resulted, we understand, in a profit of £4,026 Se. lid. net, a result which wM doubtless warrant another visit of the company to the Antipodes. with re*pet* to the " vile m™"""^ of the English Obureh, and its approval ot " play actors," have canted orach surprise amongst those who remember him in less etraigatUadd days. After the birth of Mr. Spargeon's twins, tbe first public outing of Mr. Spur^eon and tbe little ones was to BoshervOle. "the place to spend a happy day." With maay members of his tne nv. gentle mat) joined in tbe mazy danoe; and the twioa were carried round to enjoy the varioqi per formaneea given in the gardens, indading, of eourte, the theatre, "Not in Rinse's darkest hour" (to quote from Mr. Bporgeon's sermon) was moh a speetade seen a« this. Now, if one of his stndents at the Pastor's College ia seen at a theatre he is expelled—from the college, not from the " show." Mr. Charles Warner exhibited remwkable dedsion and presenoe of mind in the Exhibi tion scene in " A Million of Money," at Drary lane Theatre on Batnrrhy. September 6 The opperpart of tbe "set" is hong with Chinese lanterns, most of whioh contain elestrie lights, and are consequently perfectly sate from ignition. A few of them, however, plased nearer to the ground have ordinary oiMamps huide them, and one of tbece Uaterns suddenly eacght fire. In a swDunt Mr. Warner ap peated at the wing, and thro ving off tbe Inrer ness neat wbidl be wore over bis dress elothas in tbe oharaeter of H*rry Duastable fl ro; it over As flames and instantly ennbed them one. When the fireman arrived on the stage be found nothing left for him to do. so promptly and completely bad tne eo&fligTation; been ex tjngmsned. Mies Grace Warner, who has been ■? buoobss fnl with her father, Mr. OfaaHes Warner, ia AnstmfisH wffl play the Engiuh Bom (Bthel Kingston) with the Bngfiah Km Ckmpany on tonr. opening at tbe Oonrt Thaatre, Liverpool, tn?eptemberM. - 