TALES MS EKETCHISn' A BORN COQUETTE. „ BY, MRS. HUNGERFORD. author of ' ' jiot.ly baw'n, " "phyllis," "lady Biianksmkre," " The Duchess, "Sc. .... \- All Rights Reserved, Chatter LI. I iivcfl mv.life. I had my. day, . . And now I feel it more ami more. Thegnine I have no strength to play. . .. , Seems hotter, tlianiit, seemed of yore. Her first thought as alio sees Penelope is liow ill shc.,i3.ioouiiig. The twilight is already garnering, mm mo nOiioorrooiTr is uurh, savu iwr the fire that burns brilliantly in the grate. Penelope, lying back: in a dilapidated arm chair that has seen much servico : and Ruffered many tilings at tho hands of-all.thc young Uelaneys, starts into life' as her sister onters, and runs to greet her, but even this quick flow of life fails to.oblitcratc.tho knowledge that a moment ago she was leaning back, listless, tired, bloodless. Now, a little color lias sprung to her cheeky but it fades : again, as the first excitement of Nan's unexpected coming is at an end, and leaves her deadly pale. She looks Indeed as if sho had received some sudden shock, or was suffering from an attack of nervous agitation. Nan, whose arm is round her, can feel that her heart is beating with an almost suffocating haste. "Why Penny, what is it?" says she, "sit down darling, and rest for a moment. How you started when I camo in. It might have been a regular bogey you saw, instead of your own old Nan." "Nan," says Penelope in a low tone. "Ho is here, Ho is in tho country. Did you know ?" " Yes," says Nan. " I met him just now— but surely that need not——" " Met him ; where ?" "In Hume Wood. Close to- the old stile." Penelope, who has leant forward in her eager ness, now sinks back in her chair agaiu — a proy to despair. .So near. At the door almost, and never to come in. Oh ! when "William told her this morning that Freddy Orokor had como down, she had hoped, bolieved, prayed, that Bomo tiino during tlio day he would come to her, and now— — Tlio very bitterness of death Keeiqs to hnvo touched her. "WliaLwasho doing thcro?" sho asks pro- neatly when she lias compelled herself to over come the foiutneas that is threatening to con quer hor. 4 "That's what I want to know," says Nan irritably, 44 He was always a gloomy sort of person perhaps ho thought ho coulu gloom better in a lonely wood than anywhere else." «» always. He used to bo so different." Used ho V You must be tho cause then of ins deterioration of lato. liver since he fell in lovo with you he has been in my opinion tho most dismal person on record." Penelope, rising abruptly, pushes Nan's hands away aud stands back from her with miacrnblo, ofFended eyes. # " I will have no jests on that subject," she said in a choked voioc. 44 Think of mo as you will, you.oaunot think inoro poorly of mo than I think of myself, but— but — I will not have you spoak of him in — in that way." "But why?" asks Nan aghast. I cannot see any harm in it. If ho loves you—" " He docs not lovo mo !" with a little fierco gesturo. V k says ho docs, he said so just now ; and that ho was ooming to sco you presently. I asked him what brought him back from Paris, and " From Paris 1" cries Penclopo sharply. She stops and gazes at Nan for awhile in dead silence, then Iiftiug one band covers her eyes with it, 44 Oh ! of whom liaro you been speak ing she asks faintly. Why, of Boyle," says Nan troubled. Ter ribly troubled now, for alio has guessed tho truth aud tho cruolty of her own blunder. 44 lie— " ith confusion. 41 He— docs love you, Penny." She has laid her hand upon Penelope's shoulder, but tho latter shakes her off. " How daro you sny that to mo," sho says in a low tone, but vehemently, 4' You— you of all others. This is tho second time, Nan and I. warn you not to do it again. Are you a hypocrite? Am I a fool ? Am I tho only one do you think that can read between the lines. Disguiso it to yourself if you will— but in your heart you know that Boyle Ffreuch still loves you, and you only." . "SW no/ c"c3 -an> shrinking back terrified. And then, forgotful of herself, other- own cimgrm and fear, of everything save lier Bistei- s dcop unhappiness, she kneels down be- side her and encircles her fondly with her arms. Penny T whispers sho softly, her chcok against Penelope's, " Darling 1 If it was not of whom you thought just now, who was No answer, only Penelope so turns her head, that her lips come against Nan's cheek. Poor pretty lips, cold and trembling. "Speak to me. It will do you good. It was Freddy, was it not? Oh ! is it like that with you/still?";; It will always be like that with me," says Penelope.- She sighs heavily, and .leans her head upon, Nan's shoulder as if tired out. Jb 3 killing ino," alio says, "lam dying of it.'-'; -It is silly, weak, anything you , like, but I cant, conquer it. And it is all the more ridiculous because it never really . occurred to me that I liked him— in — in that way, until J found he did not care for me," i .. . -'V vAYcN» listen1 to me," says Nan vehemently, who is now. crying. - " You aro . wrong, wrong. Freddy does love you, I know it. I feel it. But oh !' with ftu angry sob, 4 4. what a horrid fellow lie is not to come 'o ml say so." ; It is at this identical moment that Mr. Murphy elects to throw open tlio door, and blink round him through the ever increasing dark ness. "Are.yo there. Miss Penelope," says he. '"Misther' Croker is in the dhrawiivroom, an' wants to see ye !" Tableau. . fVWhero?" asks Nan at last, when she has assured herself .by pressing Penelope's hands that she is all right, aud not likely to go off in one of those weak faulting fits that havo been annoying hor. of late. . 44 In tho drawingroom, did.yousay, Murpliy?" "An' is that you, Miss, Nan? faith I didn't see ye, my dear. -Yes, Miss, Ma'am, 1 mane. I put him , in there, an' a lamp along . with him. He looked so down in tho moutli, the cralhure, that I thought the dark might dislhrcss him. Pegs, be tho look of him I'd say he was haunted. Musba! 'tis a bard life time councillors have. For jvery boy they give to the rope there's a ghost to follow tluin ivcr after, so they say. Oh murdher, Miss ! . isn't that an awful thought; an' isn't it hard they earn, their money."; Good old Murphy ! Unconsciously lm has given them time to recover themselves. "Sny Miss Penelope will bo in presently," says Nan calmly, and Murphy having returned with his message, she turns to Penelope. "Come, pull .yourself together,"- says alio heartily, '/.and pinch your checks a bit, to bring the color into them." "It is only a, formal visit," says. Penelope, looking hard at. her, the anguish of a slmrncd confession later on hearing hor to tho earth. "Don't think otherwise, Nan.. Dou't-r-I— " her voico falters, "I— shan't be ablo to hear it if you do." 44 Don't .cry j"snys the clever Nan quiokly. 41 1 shan't think anything. Why, what are you thinking about stupid ? Why shouldn't Freddy como and sec us if lie likes? There, don't koop him waiting, and give him my lovo, if ; either of you havo. time to think of me." She pushes Penelope gently out of the room as sho apeak, and executes a little joyous pas scul on the threshold as she sees her disappear in the direction of the drawingroom. . Chapter LII. < But she nbidcth silent, fair, All shaded by her flaxen hair, The blushes come »nd go ; ; i liook, and I no more can speak— ; Tho gaunt old room, with its scanty furuitnrc, and faded walla and curtains, looks even more dejected than usual in tho dim light emitted; by the solitary lamp that Mr. Murphy had given to Croker as company. Penelope, entering by the lower door, seems indistinct and shadowy, and indeed it is only when his hand has closed over hers that her visitor can see how altered alio is. Not less lovely perhaps, hut too fragile — too ethereal. Her blue eyes' seem almost too largo for tho palo small face, and dark rings lie be neath them ; tho soft sweet mouth has gained a little mournful curve, and the masses of fair Imir that frame the forbherid seem too heavy to bo home by the pensive face beneath. . 44 1 hope I have not' disturbed you," says Crokcr, in the most extraordinary society tone, whilo liiB heart is sinking within him at the change in her.' "Murphy said someone was with you." . ; 44 Only Nan, and bIio is going'now.: Won't you sit down?" A little troubled flnme. lms crept into lior white cheeks owing to the foot that ho is still holding her linnd. : Ho has forgo'tlbn that ho holds it— gazing at hor, wondoring, with a growing sense of misery, ho has indocd forgotten every thing except, that ono creature who on earth is dear to him looks as thougli sho were about to leave it. " You liavo been" ill," he says abruptly. Tho society tone has dropped out of use en- 44 Oh, no," shaking her bend. ' " At least— it is nothing to signify. A cold; tho winter was severe, ono cannot hope to. escape everytlnng, —Sho breaks off confusedlv. 44 You at least have uot been clover about it,' says he. " Y"ou havo oscapcd nothing, it socmB tome." Then with- a frown, "What arc, your people thinking about? You should go somo- whero for change of air.1 ii. 44 Ono of my peoxilo agrcos with y.ou, wifcli R half smile. "Non says.aho will take moi ta London witli her, when she and her husband go there in May. But I don't caro to go, listlessly. 44 Im ouito well— quito strong really. It is a mcrt passing weakness. There is no necessity for ahyono to trouble themselves about mo. 44 1 think thcro is. -The greatest," says Croker Bravely. His tone, his wliolo air, is grave in deed, almost to soverity. To Penelope it scorns us if it was somo stranger bIio was listening to, not an old, old friend. This subdued, embar rassed, serious person, who is he ? W hero is the mern' Freddy Oroker of Inst Hummer? Alas, where arc all the fond and tender girlish hopos that thou bloomed and shed a fragiancc round her life? 44 You will go witli her ?" ho asks presently. 44 Ycr. I suppose ho." # 44 You will enjoy a season in town. 44 1 don't think so," a little coldly. 4 After this there is a short silence, which Crokcr Bpcuds leaning forward in his chair, and gazing gloomily on tho obliterated flowers of the carpet at his foot. ... ,» iinnL 44 1 saw Boylo Ffrcnch just now, sajahoat last without looking up. i . 44 Did you? Nun met too. AVo fauciod him abroad, but it uproar ho rcturnod lab night." There is an entire lack oi interest in 116,4 lie— was coming from hero i supposo when I mot him ?" Ho ak« this question with . difh- oulty, and indeed despises luiusclf as ho does so. An uucontrollablo longing to sec her again has driven him back to tho country with an mine- fmod intention in his mind. At tills moment ho wishes he had never come. After battling with himself for thrco interminable months, he has pven way — for what ? To find Ffreneh just leaving her presence. 4 From here. No," says Penelope's clear voice. 44 1 have not scon him." 1 You havon't ?" ho lifts his eyes to hers at last, and a dull red darkens his brow. . 44 No," indifferently. "Ho told Nan, how ever, that ho was coining tosco. us before leaving That will be to-moirow I dare say." "Or this evening?" " Hardly now, I think," glancing at the clock. Lut tell me about yourself," with a gentle politeness, 44 you arc gettiugon wonderfully, are you not?. "We.bcnr of. you, yon sco, -if-not from you. It was such a surprise to us to learn you wore once moro.in tho-country. Two surprises in one day is almost too much for dull people like us," with a sweet but joyless smile.' " That you and Boyle should both come together was a trial to our hen'cs." Sho pauses, and then, You have been a long .time away," she says simply. It is. not. intentional, but there is something so wistful in her voice that.it should hnvo touched him. Maulike, .being occupied with his own ono idea, he docs not hear it. .. . "There was nothing to bring me here," lie says in a low tone, that it is pleasing to know arises out of tho extreme misery rho is endur- ing. . . . " I'enolope, with ft swift movement, stoops, and, takiug up tho poker, stirs tho -firo vigor ously, if without discretion. "\Vhcn she lifts her face again, though white to tlio lips, she is quite tranquil. . " It would be folly to resent such ft speech ft3 that," slie says prettily. "Though we, poor dwellers in the dark corners of the earth naturally dislike to hear that there is no attraction in the spots where we perforce must dwelL Yes-rthc country, lovely as it is, , must always give way to tho town— in the winter especially." Her tone is quite calm. Sho has even compelled her sad lips to sinilc. Thcro was indeed one awful moment when she thought she was going to cry, but pride — that mighty deliverer — camo to . her aid and supported her. . - , . , "As for that r" says Croker, beginning valiantly, but failing all at once. Whatever lie was going 10 say (lies a suuucn ucain, ana tho conversatioirgcnorally bids fair to follow Its example. Silunco, awful, unconquerable/ threatens tliem. The situation is indeed be coming terrible, when Penelope flings herself into tho breach. 44 As for what?" she asks, with an attempt at tho charming gaiety that used to distinguish her. 44 Did your conscience forbid you to. say the polite thing? Come. Now yon have con fessed your horror of the. 'silent country,' as somebody culls it— it is surely fair to ask you what has brought you hero to day." . ' - \ Croker hesitates. He raises his eyes suddenly and fixes them on her, iu a way that makes her long to shrink, anil fade, and .die away 'out .of sight. What has site said?. \ ,i .. 44 You," says he shortly, at last. A crimson Hush dies Penelope's brow, , a cruel burning flush, that, fudingpresently, leaves her, if possible, paler than before. A last remnant of self possession clinging to her induces liciv to throw up her shapely head and answer- <liim as light as she can. "You are happier then than most," she says, with n soft laugh ; you. have gained your desire. You sco me. 44 And yet," says lie unsteadily, 44 you arc wrong when you call mo happy. Penelope !" ho rises and comes towards her with such uncontrollable .agitation in his .manner that involuntary sho rises too, and puts out both hor hands, as though to -warn him from her. Unkind little hands !. Ho seizes them and holds them prisoners as his angry, despairing cdnfession breaks from him. " 44 Against my will, my . better judgment, I am hero this evening," ho says," passionately. 44 With all my strength I fought against the coming, but you were too strong for me, I could not keep away. Much as I hate and despise myself ; for iny weakness, I .find that I must come to you — to tell you— thufc I love you." : Pcnolope gently, hut with determination, frees her hands: , 44 If it costs you so much, where is tho necessity ?" asks she, with a touoh of hauteur, that mounts above even tho thrill of rapture that rushes through lier whole being. - ' ,4Thcrc Is none. I know that. AU the words you could say could not make that clearer, to me. Bub "-rptiHlung back tho short hair from liis forehead— 44 1 havo told you. That issomc- thing. Perlmps after this I shall find peace of. some soi t. It is all over now, Penelope, is. it not? All the old friendship— the nast I used .to Ro.believc in— everything that malcoa life worth living. There is but one thing more to he done.. Do it quicldy and let mo go." "Dowhat?". — 4,Bejcbt nie 1 I have a - strange fanoy," wvys lib miserably, "to hear you. givo mo my. dis missal." t 44Hftvoyou?" with ill repressed wrath.. 44 A kindly fancy I must say. And now supposing— mcroly supposing"— a palo , smile, wroathing hor lips, whilst her eyes flash " ominously." that I don't ioject'you, what then ?" -U;- ; "This is unworthy of you," saysdie in'a low tone. ' ' 44 How Is it unworthy ?" clasping ;her hands , one over the othbr m if to compel herself to bo calm'.; . V, ; 44I£'yoiiscannofc see it as i' do, " yon must be greatly changed from the .-Penclopo .that once I thought I knew," says Uo very uubappily. ; 44 But why— why ? -with almost ungovernable impatience.,;. 't.. , . A girl.wlio, loving ono man, could listen , to ahothor, I- — 44 What , girl is that?",, cries she, . an /angry sob quickening her yoice.uOrokcr.;looks..kceiily at her. . -4I rohelopc,?'. says . .he sharply, aro ,, you engaged to l7frcnch ; : - . 44 To Boyle? No' 1'. .,/ r x ' ' 14 Can you," with growing, agitation, say honestly that there is nothiug , between you— that you do not— carotfor .him?". . 41 Certainly I can," hor ' voioo now. vibrating with indignation. Undaunted by this.hotakca her hands again, but sho flings him from her, as if his touch hurts her. 44 And so— and so," she says, as if stifled. "Thnt was your thought! And for on idle, foolish fancy such as that you throw mo off — without a word of explanation— without so much as troubling yourself to ask ino was it, or wa3 it not so. You left mo here nlone all these weary months to think just as I would of you. You apeak of lovo— but if you had truly loved me, would not my good opinion havo been of all things tho inot necessary to you? Oh, no," seeing liiin about to spcaa. " Not a wortl. I will not hear. Oh ! all that I have suffered ! No exouaes— nothiug could kill tho memory of tho past." 44 You cannot forgivo, then ? Penelope, thcro aro some things that I thiuk you should remember, if only in common fairness to me." 44 1 don't know what thorn things may bo ; thcro aro long hours nnd days of cruel wonder ing that havo blotted thorn out. No, no, go your way, and let mo go mine. It is impossible that I should forgot; you spoko of old days, past friendship, surely it is I — who—" Sho breaks off suddenly and bursts into a storm of weeping that shakes ftll her fragile frame 44 Go !" she says, pointing with ono hand to the door. "You "will not pardon me then?" says he with poignant anguish, hesitating to obey a command that will part him from lier for ever. Nonnswer. .: . Slowly he moves towards the door ; yes, as he had himself said, it is all over. Bewildered, stunned by tho discovery that after all he had misjudged her, that sho was free for bim to win, nay more, that she was already won by him, he pushes aside a chair on his slow march down tho room, scarcely knowing where he is going1. His kindly,' honest face is the . very triumph of despair ; his brain is in a whirl. What on earth is to become of him ? Here his hand finding the handle of the door,' he looks back once more— for the last time, as he tells himself. 44 Good-bye, Penelope," says he slowly,- in ft voico thnt might havo melted an iceberg. " Good-bye," returns she, in a tone hardly audible, from behind her handkerchief. - ; Again his fingers close upon tho handle of the door, which rattles ominously. 44 Try to think of mo sometimes; if indeed you can care to think of meat all," says he out of the depths of an unfathomable gloom. He draws the door slowly towards him. " Oil !" cries Penelope iu a terrible way. She flings her handkerchief upon tho ground, and looks at him. 44 Where are you going ?" sobs she witli considerably more indignation -than tenderness. " What do you mean by it all? Oh !" witli withering emphasis. 44 To think that you should be so hateful to mo !" "But, Penelope !" begins the unfortunate lover. He finds himself at her side again, almost bofore he had time to think about itj and a a little more absent mindedness Buifices to placo his arm round her. Penelope, who is still crying, but now with the greatest enjoy ment, forgets to rebuke him, even" when she wakes to tho fact that he is ldssing her with a very deoided warmth. . , " You don't deserve it," says she, irrelevantly, lifting her pretty drenched eyes to his. Sho makes a futile effort to pusli him from her. "I know it— but — Penny, you know how -I loveyou!" then all at onco capitulating, she lays her head upon his breast, and clings to liim with an honest loving fervor. -"Freddy !"- whispers she, with. 8 1 rong reproach, 44 why did you not say tliafc sooner ?" "I was mad, I think," says he; with a groan that is all self contempt/ 41 Darling !— Darling Heart ! Forget it, if you can." 44 "Well, 1?U try," saya she, with a truly soul rending sigh. . .. . . y CuArTER LIIL Answered a-little bird overhead— As birds will do in Summer; 41 Somebody has kept tryst," it said, 41 With somebody else in a kirtle red, And tliey are going to ho married, Sing heigh, sing no, for the Summer ! Prosently, lifting her. , head, she . looks at him. ' " I thought you were in lovo.wi,th some liorrid giil in Dublin," sho says, gazing anxiously at him, ns thougli still some doubt born of that cruel suspicion is with her.' ' . " "TUon you doubted ,, me, too !", says be, joyfully. 44 If you confess to that, you should let mo off easily. Oh 1 Penelope, I think your crimo 'greater than mine,. ' for you must havo known in the Wholo wide \vorld thiero is no oiio who could be compared with you, whereas, so far as., I am concerned, you might find at every, corner just such a one as myself." "Indeed ! I could. ' not,", says Penelope, vehemently." "Fiodily! I think , that girl in Dublin was killing mc." 44 But there wasn't any girl,", says Croker. 44 Never mind ; there might havo been." /ITherc might not, "with determination. "I must say, Penelope, I call this most unfair. Haw can you lovo me and yet- — " .t40h, I do. J I do," erics Penelope, pressing her cheek against liis. . . " It is only that I can't help fancying that everyone who saw you must havo loved you, too." . . . ... . . Sho makes this remarkable declaration quite boldly, and as she says it looks at him quite bravely, as tliough defying anyone, to see cause, for laughter in it. Perhaps she herself sees none. Sho is indeed apparently , without shame at the thought that she lias committed hersolf to.;ft good deal, and that it; might bo that others mWit not consider CroWer'so born an Adonis as :shc does. That both sho and Croker think each other perfection is plain to see. t The Mutual Admiration Society has in them as ardent a couple of members as need bp desired It; is !!porhaps.': fortunate . that ; just at , this moment Gladys enters the room. : . , 41 It is only, just now that Murphy told me you wero here," alio says, addressing Crokcr with that slight , oir of constraint that has marked all their dealings with him of late. "It appears Nan was hero too,. ond ho .one sent me word," with an injured glanco at. Penelope. "How d'yo do?" holding put her hand to Crokcr, whereupon Uo—.wltosc lieart is. overflowing with loving kindness towards all the world— promptly lays his aim1 around her neck and gives her a moat aiTectionate;. kiss.;; "Freddy ! . Freddy ! Aro you mad?" cries she, . 'shaking him off and staring at him with'.; crimson . cliceioL " Woll really, Freddy 1 Upon my word ! Tlii is— I must say— a littlo too'muoli.! ..Aro those Dublin, manners', I wonder?" demandajthe, irate littlo thing; drawing, herself, up .until- shb looks : nuite tall, and " of;age." "If s'o, I donlt.baro about them. - Have you boon as.laviah of'your' atten-, tions to Fenolopo f'Trliero she pauses to look at i . (i... .ol.iAlt nlia'f nmte Vtftl. Iftftlf lllf.n IV llUr HI9LUI, itmiui DUV ,w " stare. . i <' . " Penelope— what's tho matter with you?" demands bIio. , , "Tlie matter?" ropcats Pcnolope, feebly, who indeed is beginning to feel di3tinotly aslmmcd of hersolf. - -"yea— tho matter," unflinolimgly. "I left you an hour ago, as palo aa a marble statuo ; X find you now looking as disgracefully robust aa tho orthodox milkmaid. Freddy, havo you been painting her clieokB ?" No nnswor from Freddy; 110 answer from Pcnolopo. I.iko two culprits they stand looking from cast to west, but gaining inspiration from neither quarter. Tilings are growing serious, whon at last, aa Fenolopo once moro hopolcssly turns her head eastwards, light dawns upon Gladys (coming presumably from that awakening spot), and suddenly her severity vanishes, and smiles and embryo congratulations tako its 1>'t" Why !" saya she, dimpling, and spreading out her bands, "Is it? Kb? Oh, I am glad ! Oil, Freddy was that why you kissed me? Como here, como liero at once, nnd do it all over again." . , Freddy docs it all over again, and has no reason to complain of his reception this time.". " It's tho most delightful tiling," Bays Gladys, who is as pleased as though sho wore Iioraolf tlio ono to bo congratulated. " So different from poor darling Nan's affair, because, you two aro in love. So nico ! I like a real romanco when one can got it, 'Why Freddy you'll bo my brother," as if rather wondering at this strange fact. "Yes," says Crokcr, who is sitting bosido Pcnolopo now, with hor fingers tightly equcozed up within liis own. He is almost afraid to bo as liappy as ho feels. Tlio Irish blood-running now so warmly within his veins is so far charged with tho superstition that marks tho race— peerand pcasantalike— that lie shrinks a little from tlio rapture that in spite of liim is flooding all his veins. " I hope I shall be a good brother," says he. "X! hopo I shall bo a good sister. I'm not good to William," saya Gladys, witli a detormi- tioii to bo honest at all costs. "Sometimes I- really feel that X can't bear William. Ho's so presumptuous ! Only.- yostcrday ho told mo that lie knew a great deal moro about the rear ing of fowls than I do. I, who spend my lito at it.! But never mind," says she, flinging aside her sudden attack of anger, her breeding tell ing lier it is no fit food for glad young lovers such as these. "William isn't all tho world !" —this undeniable faot sho lays bare to them with a pretty nod, and throwing out fresh dimples with a view to letting them see how, thoroughly in accord alio is with them ill their new found happiness, she goes on, smiling at Croker, "You won't tell mo I ncverhcardof tho ' Pip,' will you ? " 7 " Tlio Pip ? ". questions Croker uncertainly, ' ar.d feeling horribly sorry that liis general ignor ance should at this particular- moment bo made so distinctly apparent. '. ' "It is disease that" the chickens sometimes" have," exclaims Penelope, softly; -"Oh— yes. I see. Well, "looking at Gladys, ; " it is plain that . I can't question your know- - lodge. , As for William I feel sure his ignorance", is astounding ; lie ought to he ashamed oft himself.".'- ' '! ! 7 ( "He isn't," said Gladys jilaintively. "Ho thinks I know nothing. iHut," beaming upon ' the lovers, "what docs anything signify besido . this delightful nows. Does Nan. know ? " ' "Oh, I never thought of Nan," says l'e-" nelope starting. "She said something about going homo whon ' I left her to coine here to Freddy," witli a rapturous glance at tlie liappy Croker, and a warm pressure of the hand. " But if she should bo in the school room all this time, waiting for me ! Oh ! poor Nan ! " Simultaneously, filled with pity for the . neglected Nan, they all nisli to the school room — to fiud their pity thrown away. Nan is : no longer there. 