THE STORY-TELLER DRAMAS OF LIFE. A SERIES OF SHORT STORIES. BY GEORGE R. SIMS, Author of " Tales of To-Day," " The Dagonet Ballads," " How the Poor live." THE MILLIONAIRE'S SECRET. " Are you all right, Bill ?" " Yes, Jaok, it's a big drop—take care." One man stood on one eide of a nigh wall, and spoke to the other man who was on the other side. The. big wall marked the extent of the I grounds of Colston Hall, Surrey, the residence of Thomas Sinith, Esq., J.P., the richest in the county. I The time was 2 o'clock in the morning. The two gentlemen who were conversing were | housebreakers, Messrs. William TTinlts and John Gorman, both renowned in their pro fession as old and experienced hands, and credited with having been conoerned in some of the biggest burglaries of fhe past*five years. Both had done what is technically known as "time." Mr. Hicks had been compelled to retire from business for five and Mr. Gorman for seven years, but these are little drawbacks inseparable from the profession, and in all pro fessions you must take the rough with the smooth. Punishment is, I believe, commonly sup posed to. have a deterrent effect on crime. Tne only punishment that is absolutely deterrent is capital punishment. No murderer who has been hanged has ever been known to repeat his offence. All other - punishments are simply deterrent during the time they are in foroe. The loss of their liberty seems to be accepted by the criminal classes much as the gambling classes accept the loss of their money. They have played the game and they must pay the stake. The stake paid, the next thing is to play the game again, ana see if fortune won't be more favourable. It is very seldom you pick up the daily paper without reading of the old lady who has been a " hundred times con victed, of the middle-aged man who has spent twenty years out of his forty-five in prison—of I the thief who has performed such a variety of | sentences, of from three months to two years, that the Judge gives him five years as a "steadier," and promises him seven if at the end of that period he renews his acquaintance. No sooner does the now familiar headline, "The Burglaiy Season," appear in the newspapers, as the days shorten, than a host of the professors of the midnight ] art appear at the Bar of public justice, ana in two-thirds of the cases, when it comes to the sentence the Judge is informed that there are " several previous convictions" against the prisoner. After many years' careful study of the criminal classes I have come to the con clusion that they do not object to prison life at all, especially in bad times, when good jobs are scarce—that the only thing which prompts thieves to run away and burglars to shoot policemen is the hereditary instinct of self preservation. Heredity has much more to do with the manners and customs' of the criminal classes than reason or a careful computation of | chances. Messrs. William Hicks and John Gorman, the two burglars now making their way j cautiously across the grounds of Thomas Smith, Esq., J.F., towards the mansion, were heredi taiy criminals—good, sound, straightforward representatives of their class. I have no doubt that both of them would have considered, had they attended an adult Sunday-school, and been initiated late in life into the accepted catechism of the Church, that as burglars they " did their duty in that station of life unto which it had pleased God to call them," and they would have explained that they considered it their duty, as respectable and decent burg lars of the higher class, not to knock the inmates of a house about if they didn't interfere —not to shoot or bludgeon a policeman unless he gave chase to them, and not to peach on the { pals that got away if they themselves were caught. Herein consists—I was gravely : assured once, by a retired member of tne craft whom I had the pleasure of meeting at a free and easy concert, given for the benefit of a burglar's widow and family—"the whole duty of a housebreaker who respects himself." Messrs. William Hicks and John Gorman respected themselves, and they had arranged the attack on the mansion of the J.F. with strict attention to the rules of the game. The dog had been duly "got at," a male servant j sleeping in the house had been arranged with— | Mr. Gorman himself dressed in ms Sunday j broadcloth, had duly taken stock of the position j of the various rooms, staircases, flee., while j explaining to the housekeeper the inestimable advantage of the new patent gas consuming burners which save 50 per cent, in gas, and are never known to black a ceiling. The enter prising traveller in the new [patent gasburners, had begged to be allowed to fit one or two to the chandeliers and gas brackets, and although not allowed to carry out his desire of fixing them in every room on approval, he had managed to see nearly all he wanted to while ' engaging the elderly lady in conversation. He fitted one on to the knight in armour, holding a lamp up on the lower landing with extra ordinary dexterity, and was up the second flight and on the bedroom floor oefore the old lady had time to1 aay ''That'll do, thank you. Ill see how these answer first." Then he had presented her with a card of the firm he represented (it was a genuine firm's card which he had obtained), and left perfectly satisfied that the burners he had fitted on would not I lead to any further correspondence with the j aforesaid house of business. Mr. William Hicks, Mr. Gorman's usual companion in big jobs requiring nerve, skill, coolness, ana address, left all these preliminaries to bis partner with confidence. He was not a Londoner, and he lacked the commercial stamp of respectability. He was a country man born and bred, hailing from a picturesque J village in the neighbourhood of Sheffield, where his youth and early manhood had been passed in acquiring local fame. But after bringing off the biggest burglary ever known in the county of Yorkshire Bill came up to London, feeling that the great metropolis would offer an extensive field more worthy of his talents. He was also induced to abandon bis county by the fact that the local police on his release from prison so far forgot that fair ness which is the first element in British justice as to follow him about, spy upon him, and generally to hamper .his arrangements for j for future business. The reader havingnow been properly intro duced to Messrs. Hicks and Gorman, will feel at greater liberty to accompany them on their visit to the mansion of Thomas Smith, Esq., J.F. Cautiously picking their way over the grass plots and the flower Deds, and carefully avoid ing the gravel paths, probably with a polite desire not to disturb any of the sleeping in mates, the two men, all the necessary imple ments of their trade in their capacious side pockets, stole softly round to the back part of the mansion, where their entranoe was to be effected. Eveiything was propitious—the moon was faithful to tne calculations they had made by the aid of the calendar, and remained in seclusion; the little ladder was hidden cautiously in the shrubbery, just where they would have wished it to be, and when, climbing gently up it, they reaohed the wiudow -they had selected as the weak point' in the enemy's defence, they had only to cut a pane of the outer glass away, and then two shutters, yielded to a little gentle pressure and swung; noiselessly back, A few .more delicate opera tions, and then through the now open window went Mr. Hicks, followed carefully by his friend, Mr. Gorman. Their indiarubber shoes fell noiselessly alike on stone and carpet; their dark lanterns carefully manipulated, yielded just the faint gleams of light they needed; and so they stole noiselessly towards the room in which the plate was secured. Just them while they were giving a passing glance round the dining-room, where some massive silver salvers generally stood on the sideboard, and might have been left out, as sometimes hap pened, they heard a sound , above them, a. creaking on the stairs, and through the crack of the door they saw an advancing light. Instantly both men's hands sought their breast, pockets. One man drew .a revolver, the other a heavy life preserver. It was too late:to retreat; the only thing was to wait. Nearer came the heavy, creaking footsteps; broader grew the ray of light, and then the door opened, and a big burly gentleman, with a . cigar in his mouth, and a candle in his hand, strolled carelessly into the room. "I must have dropped the blessed thing here, he muttered to nimself, peering about the room. As he had come in ne ^had pushed the dining-room door open. It swung slowly back on its hinges, and screened from view the two1 burglars, who, silent and motionless, crouohed against the wall ready to spring on. the intruderat the first cry of aln.rm. The proprietor of the mansion—for it was he —went straight to the mantleshelf, and felt up and down that, then he looked on the table. * Confound it," he growled; "this comes of. flashing thousand-pound notes about, just to. astonish that booby of a parson, who said he'd: never seen one in his life. I know I had ten in my pocket—there are only nine now; so I must have dropped one." Mr. Smith, J.P., had been smoking and reading up in his bedroom till a late hour, and prior to going to bed turned his pockets out on the table, ana found that the bundle of thou sand-pound notes, which he had been "flashing," as he vividly expressed it, was one short. He supposed he must have dropped it in the dining-room, hence this small-hour ex pedition to the lower regions. "It's not here," he said; "perhaps I've counted the notes wrong." He pulled them out of his trousers pocket, into wnich he hod thrust them in his bedroom, and counted them again, " one—two—three—four—no, four—five —"two of the notes were stuck together, " six •—seven—eight—nine—ten. Ten thousand pounds. Hang it, they are right after all." Ten thousand pounds in one man's hand, and that man alone in the room with two anned burglars 1 The same thought flashed simul taneously through the brain of Mr. Hicks and Mr. Goiman. The wealthy J.P., the man whose riches were said to be fabulous, the man whose vast fortune accumulated by speculations in Aus tralia, turned to leave the dining-room, candle, in hand. Whiff 1 What was that ? A cur rent of air, a sudden draught. His candle bod gone out. Only half the oath he meant to utter left the J.P.'s lips. In a moment a pair of coarse huge hands had him by the throat, choking the breath out of him, while another pair of hands were thrust into his pockets, and clutched the bundle of notes. For a second the iron grip was relaxed. Per haps the gripper thought he was gripping too hard, and he didn't want to murder liis victim —he only wanted to silence and rob him. But the relaxation was a mistake, for in that seeond the burglar found himself seized by two powerful arms, a leg was dexterously twisted round his, and he was hurled to the ground, while a fierce voice poured out a torrent of oaths in the broadest Sheffield dialect. "By God," exclaimed Bill Hicks, as he struggled to his feet, while his companion, recovering from his astonishment, clapped his band across the J.P.'s mouth, "there's only one man I ever knew as could wrestle like that and throw me, and if it ain't him it's his (strong word) ghost." Instantly the burglar, facetting his caution in his excitement, opened his dark lantern, and flashed it full on the man who was struggling violently with Jack Gorman, gripping his. wrists in a vice so that he could not raise a hand to use his bludgeon. As the light fell on the face of the owner of Colston Hall Bill Hicks cried, " I thought so. Tom Smith, o' Sheffield, by all that's wonderful!" In a moment the face of the Australian millionaire, which had been crimson with rage and suffocation, turned a deadly white. He cast a fierce penetrating look at the burglar,, and then he shivered frcm head to foot. "Let him be, Jack," said Bill Hicks, quietly. "He won't make a row now. We're old pals, ain't we Tom?" Still the millionaire never moved hiB lips. He stood like a man stupefied; like a man at whose feet a thunderbolt bad fallen. "Comeon, Jack," exclaimed Mr. Hicks, to his astonished companion, who stood open mouthed, wondering if he was awake or sleep ing off the effects of a big drinking bout, and passing through one of the accompanying nightmares; "oome'on, Jack; my old paLTom. Smith, won't round on us, will you, Tom? Lor, it's like old times seeing you again, Tom, and it brings back old times, too—lots o' things as I'd forgotten, a'most. We'll only borrow them flimsies, Tom, and pay you back one day, iinlpps you thinkyou'd bke to give 'em us for the sake o' old times. Don't trouble to see us to the front door; we'll go out the way we come, and perhaps youll shut the shutters arter us, ana if they tell you to-morrow there's a windowwith a pane broke you may as well say you did it yourself, accidental. It'll save some stupid fool goin' and stuffing the police up as burglars has been givin' you a look in. Good night, Tom. What, you won't shake hands, wont you? Lor! lanoy you havin' a lot of dirty pride about you. But there, it's aliens the way with ooves as gets up in the world. Me and Jack won't be proud though we've made ten thousand pounds atween us by our night's work. Come on, Jack. Good evenin', Tom. I ain't got a card with me, but I'll drop you a line to-morrow, saying where you oan see me again if you'd like to have a chat over old times, arter all. Good night." Messrs. Hicks and Gorman walked quietly out, and_ closed the door after them, leaving the millionaire alone in the darkness. As the door closed he gave a smothered cry, and then fell on his knees, and buried his head in his handB. "My God, my God!" he cried. "My sin has found me out at last 1" Three days later Thomas Smith, Esq., J.F., of Colston Hall, was making his way on foot across Westminster Bridge. Arrived on the other side, he enquired of a policeman for a certain street, which he had written down on a piece of paper. Did the policeman know it? The policeman thought he did, rather. It was about the worst.street in London. "You'd better look out for your watch and chain, sir, if you are going down there. Why it's as full o* thieves as a egg is o' meat Itb all alley* jit d bouses as you go in at one end and out o{ (lie other, and I've ceard as under some o' thq bouses is cellars as lead to the river. Many a J poor devil has been lured down there of anigntj sir, and never been heard of again, only a body found in the river perhaps miles away, and supposed to have fallen in or drowned himself* Mind what you're about if you're going there, sir." "I can take care of myself," answered the millionaire. "Tell me how to get to it." _ ' The policeman directed him, and thanking the man he walked away. The policeman looked after him. "What's his lay, I wonder! Well, I've told him what to expect Suppose he knows his own business, and he looks as if he could takecare of himself. He's bigenough." Mr. Thomas Smith reached the street in question, and he soon found the number of the house he was in search of.' There was no fear of any of the inhabitants reoognising him, though they stared at him with a natural curiosity as to strangers begotten of suspicion. He was admitted to the house directly he' mentioned the name of Mr. HickB, and told curtly "fust floor." Up to the first floor he went and found Mr. Hicks waiting for him on the landing—if the ' dirty rotten bit of flooring could be dignified' with the name. It was a very, shaky landing at the best—for the rails .were broken away, having been used as firewood by the tenants, and there wasa hole where an entire plank had given way, quite large enough for. a leg to go through. "I don't live here, Tom," explained Mr. Hicks apologetically, " but I use the place for business^ ana I thought it would be better than you coming to my "ouse. My old woman 'ud like to be introduced to you, but that'll do when we've moved into our new villa, as we're going to take as soon as you've made it all square and safe for me to change the flimsies at the Bank. I don't want to pay the usual discount to .the ',trade for 'em, you know—as ae there ain't a going to be no stopping and no advertising—is there, Tom?" "That depends," replied the J.P. "Now, what is it you've got to say? Out with it, because I don't particularly care about the | atmosphere of this place, and I've no time to waste. Bight you are. Business only meant, as they 1 say in the boxing challenges. I don't want much. I've got ten thou—half of that's Jack Gorman's. Eucky beast, Jack—but fair's fair. We was halves m the swag that night, and I won't go back on a bargain." " What do you want ?" " Well, Tom, I ain't hardly had time to think. First, you won't try to stop them flimsies?" "No " "That's all right. It would do you no good if you did, aud it wouldn't be no good for me ■—and the blarmed Jew fellows would get all the profit." " I'll tell you I won't stop them. Is that all you want?" "No. Five thou's a good bit, but a gent as I've Qonsulted—a gent in the City who does my legal business—tells me as it's only two hun dred a year—if you don't spend it, but lends it to the Government or the railways. Now, I'm getting tired of my line of business, and I'd like to settle down respeotable, and do nothing for the rest o' my life except take the old woman out now and then of a Sunday, and keep a pony and trap. Will you make the two hundred pounds £500?" " You mean wjll, I make you an allowance of three hundred pounds a year?" " That's about what I mean, I expect" "And what are you going to do in return ?" " Hold my tongue, Tom." The millionaire hesitated a moment. He was thinking out the situation—weighing the pros and cons in the business-like way of a man who had made millions by successful specula tion—by knowing when to say yea and when to say no. Mr. Hicks watched his face eagerly. "You ought not to take long to think about it, Tom," he said. I didn't when I first heard your name that night and saw your face, I didn't take long to see what a stroke o' luck I tumbled on. What," says Ito myself, "this'ere Smith, J.P., as lives in this grand 'all—as is so rich that everybody is a talking about him—is nobody else but my old pal Tom Smith, as once { we were lads together, and many a spree we had, too. Tom as had the row with Jim Old- 1 royd's the keeper's son, about the; pretty little girl Polly Thwaites, and oue night, when he'd, had a mop to drink and was made with jealousy, met Jim and fought him—fought him fair, I dare say, if there'd been anybody to see it,only there wasn't—so it was jolly awkward for Tom, as Jim never went home that night, but was found lying in the wood, and carried home, and never spoke a word. And it was me and my mate, Joe Heslop—you remember Joe '—I dare say I oould find him if I tried—as came and told you they'd found Jim dying; and you said ' My God, I've killed him J' Ana we told you to clear out out quick, and get away to sea afore yon get lagged and Bcragged. It was good advice, Tom; it must have been, seeing as you went to furrin' parts, and here you are after twenty years, comeback ' busting with money, and you're a big swell, and nobody but me knows, you're the Tom Smith, o' Sheffield, as killed Jim Oldroyd in a drunken passion because he was sticking up to Polly Thwaites—and I was a good pal to you after that, too, for I never breathed a Word, and . when it got put about that poor Jim had been killed by poachers as owed him and his father.; a grudge I never said what I knowed, no more did Joe Heslop, as I might know where to find, for I heard of nim nor more than two years ago —and now you're up in the world, and a regular Baron Rothschild, and all through me advising you to get out of the country. I don't think you will be ungrateful and refuse me my bit, for, hang it, I deserve it." The rich man—the man whose name was respected for his wealth and his vast charitiea,_ for his business skill and bis high commercial positions—bit his lip, and set his teeth with nervous rage, as the disreputable companion of his vagabond ill-spent yontb coollyj dragged up from the buried past the ghastly secret that had driven him from his native land. He had salved his conscience as . soon as he had developed one again and again with the thought that his fight with Jim Old royd was a fair one—that it had been blow for blow, until he caught Jim that terrific smash on the side of the head and felled him like a 1 bullock, and then staggered away to sleep off his drunken fury, never thinking but that Jim would get up and crawl away home, crestfallen and humbled. Bnt when he heard that -Tim was dying he was terrified. There had been no witnesses to?the fight. He himself had scarcely a mark or a bruise to show,, for the fight had been all in his favour, and he bad parried his less skilled antagonist's Iblows, and beyond a slight cut on his cheek had nothing to show in ! his own favour, and so ran away. He had killed a man, and there was nothing to prove that he hadn't killed him wilfully out of revenge and jealousy. He did not bear a good character in the neighbourhood; he was a rowdy and a roysterer, and his companions were aa rowdy as himself. He had no relatives but an aunt, whose disliked him and. grumbled at him, and would be glad to get rid of him, and eoho fled—fled from the justioe whiol^ [ he believed, would band him over to the | gallows. And in twenty years ho returned to England a millionaire—forgotten in hie native village—^ giving himself _ out to have passed his whole life in Australia; asked no questions that .his wealth did not answer, fully believing that no one would ever dream of coupling him with . Tom Smith, the Sheffield lad. His aunt had been dead for years, his old companions j would have forgotten him, and he . was not likely to revisit his native village. ' Always when" he thought of the past hfe comforted himself with the idea that it was a fair fight, "and anaccidentof the fight that Old roydwas fatally injured. But now here was ah old companion of his—a man who had beoome a professional burglar—a man who would find others to join him if necessary in swearing that he killed Oldroyd, that he was a murderer whp had run away to avoid arrest, a man who had murdered his rival,. maddened by drink and jealousy. And if this story were told of him, and if he were arrested, and the scandal spread, and he could refute it! If he found people to believe that his statement was true—and it was a fair fight—what then! Would not all his career be brought up against him. Would not he, the millionaire, ' the Justice of the Peace, the patron of the benevolent institutions, the princely subscriber to Christain missions, the feted and; run-after Thomas Smith, Esq., stand confessed the former companion ana. associate of men who were now notorious criminals? And his wife, his sons and his daugh ters, what shame would they not have to endure if this wretched story were made public—if he were denounced by this sooun drel—or by some one instructed by him, to the police," and arrested. _ The Australian millionaire, the British Jus tice of the Peace, thought the whole matter out, and made up his mind. "I aooept your terms," he said. " You can take your notes to the Bank. YouH let your 'lawyer' do it for you if you take my advice, and so long as you neither communicate with me or annoy me in any way, but keep your former knowledge of me absolutely to your self, and prevent your companion from pre suming on what he heaTd and witnessed at the Hall, I will pay to you, through my lawyers, | the sum of three hundred pounds a year. Send me the name of the lawyer who is going to take ; charge of your affairs, and mine shall commu nicate with him. Is that satisfactory?" | "Quite," replied Mr. Hicks. "Tom, you're a brick, and you can trust me to keep my mouth shut. I retire from business ana beoome a respectable gent from this day." Mr. Hicks held out his hand, Mr. Smith didn't notice it, said "Good morning," and raado his way out of the street and across Westminster Bridge ds rapidly as he could. That evening Mr. Gorman came to Mr. Hick's residence to supper, and Mr. Gorman, quite satisfied that the "flimsies" could be dealt with at their full value over the counter of the Bank of England, agreed to leave the matter entirely in Mr. Hicks's hands to i arrange, and thought that after all he might as well be respectable, too, and immediately began to look about for a little cottage in the couutry, where he might devote himself to horticulture generally, and rose-growing in particular, for Mr._ Gorman hod one weakness in his bur glarious character, and that weakness was j flowers. He had even been known to walk on | a gravel path while trying to break into a | house rather than trample down a bed and injure the flowers. Such a delicate trait in the character of a man of Mr. Gorman's profession is worth making a note of when found. Mr. Hicks congratulated himself on the fact that since his last sentence had expired— only very recently, it must be confessed—he had not sncoeeded in bringing off a job. This, which at one time be had resented as bad , luck, he now confessed was quite the reverse, for there was nothing which the police could bring up against him which would warrant them' in depriving him temporarily of the enjoyment of the privileges of a gentleman of independent means should they recognise in William Hicks, Esq., of Myrtle Villa, Syden ham, the ionce notorious crib cracker and ex convict, known at Scotland Yard and among his intimates as "BiU the Gouger," on account of a little trick he once played with the visual organ of a too presumptuous policeman. It should be recorded that Mr. Hicks fully carried out his intention of turning " respect able," and to-day he is a highly respected member of the Vigilance Committee of his | district—a committee which has been formed for the suppression of everything that is wicked, and for the raising of the moral tone of the Vigilance Committee's _ neighbours. There is a rumour that Mr. Hicks stands a very fair chance of becoming churchwarden, but some of his supporters are not quite cer tain that the feathers which Mrs. Hicks wears in her hat when they drive tp Church on Sun days in; the pony (trap (the pony is a fast trotter) would be quite serious enough for a churchwarden's wife. Thomas Smith, Esq., J.F., of Colston Hall, has quite recovered from the shock he ex perienced when a former acqaintance of his called upon him at such an unusual hour of the morning and borrowed ten thousand pounds. He is a great patron of nearly everything that wants money, and he is universally respected. He travels about a good deal, but he has never yet visited the neighbourhoods Sheffield. From the hour he left his native village, which is about seven miles from that grimy oentre of (industry, he has never men tioned the fact that he knows that such a place exists. He has blotted it out of his memory. Most rich men like to know something of their old homes and their old assocciations. Mr. Smith would as soon think of drawing his own teeth as a distraction, as of making enqui ries about the home of his boyhood. It is always best to let sleeping dogs lie. If you I don't they are apt to beoome very wideawake, and instead of, lying to tell the truth. There are some truths which even a benevolent millionaire would rather the public were not j favoured with. THE END. 