| Sketcher. fit ' 1 ' ' H TWO SIGHTS IN "BOHEMIA." KB — — — — |s: From LippincotCs Magazine. (|p; Paris eiowns and dethrones other queens Jihau those 'born iu the purple.' pi Let tne coral of a clear, fresh, young voice fcse orerthe stalls and echo through the arches ||0f the topmost gallery iu ono of tho opera- ihouses, andtiio scoptre of soa is the prize Sof the siuer. But if the lurk rises on tirod gwinss auda credence is lost, the beep tre is a Ijieathered shaft which will bring it bleeding jsto the earth. Kg" Let twinkling feet come dancing to the gfoollights and poise with faultless graco in psome statuesque pose, and the waving hands |may carry away a crown. But if tho arched ||feet unbend with sudden pain, the hands un- gclasp and the glittering bauble is lost, life Yes, Paris has had, and will have, many squeens — royalties of the Tiour, crowned by popular favour — but the heauitful capital has had but ono BozzaooM. Sho snatched from |the Florentines the loveliest hud of / the Tuscan Oampagna and made it her brcast- g'knot. As blossom and flower it was worn tj.next her heart. k; - first sight. H It was a gala-night ' chcz laBozzaochi. All her admirers wero on show, fci In the ante-1'uom, warming Ms feet by the blaze of the resinous pine-concs — for an afternoon storm has left the July evening gfchilly — is that charming, lazy idler, An6no |HoussftTe. From benoath his silvered locks |his blue eyes gleam with malicious light as Hie tells to the saturnine Rochcbrune the his- ||tory of ' lhat little traitress, la Jllle do I' air.' rjv ' It is unbelievable, bnt it is true ; sho Igwent back to the latin quarter with an Ame rican student, a stupid wretch whoso de- sjgrees will all be taken at the eioseric dcdilas. ' M Rocheburno mutters — P ' They have no hearts, these Parisians . jgbufc in Mexico ' The confidential dis-' jpclosure drops to a discreet undertone. Talking to Madame Hugalde, in the gHhrary there, isLe Roy, and with him his past conquest, or conqueror. She was the |fwife of a doctor ; tho doctor is not dead, hut, |by consent, he cut the marriage tic aud now Swears a monk's gown. P ' There, in the doorway, is Franchetti— one of Italy's heroes of '59 — a Tuscan Jew, phandsonie, brave, witty, rich ; the scale runs i?as the world writes it. Tho Bozzacahi is his (. countrywoman, and, like Franchetti, a lover r of the nineteenth century Brutus, ' that dear 'Garibaldi !' T Franchetti gives the danscuse his offering ai flowers wMch grew in the gardens of their ibeloved Tuscan city. A3 the iittlo hands jStenderly clasp the delicate stems, the beau- ijtiful face droops over the odorous bless ems. vDid a tear fall, or is it a dewdrop shining on j icori CI uQa-u JL ArmtX YlOIGt X CtLQQOv SCO j j£the eyes are turned away ; they are looking gat Franchetti. O, beautiful eyes, what are Styou saying to your countryman ?' Who ||knows '( ||- Just then avolumo of song swept in from |ithe street, wild martial music, and the measured tramp of armed men. The wiu- adows were thrown open, and the guests were | Boon crowded in a dense line of colour alon g Iphe narrow balcony which extended the en- |£tire length of the house. j||" The street was brilliant with torches, pphastily lit bonfires, and an almost continuous fgehaia of gas-lights. 0 I was assisting at a transformation- sccno in lithe great drama ot the beautiful city. It |swas mado more real by the sudden theatric ffeffeet of the white electric radiance which at Mthat instant flashed down from the Arch gyof Triumph and over the Seine from the heights cf Pantheon Mil and the gilded dome |;o£ the Invalides. H Bg heaven ! it teas a gallant sight to see. l|fi Artillery, Zouaves, Turcos, dazzling the llj&yes; of Paris with the wild Eastern pomp of |pvar Cuirassiers, with the light glinting upon |irtbeir brass helmet3 ; Liners, in blue and 'rfscarlet. From the flower-covered balcony of the ad joining house, ' A Berlin !' rang out in a woman's sweet treble. The rich contralto Invoice of Hugaldo echoed it back from one oi igthc Bozzaccbi'slace festooned windows ; and Ijthen the shouting people in the streets and bthe throngs upon the boulevards took up the Ifery. Hf-;- ' To Berlin !' answered the armed men, streamers and lances waving in the air, shokos Ijand turbans nodding assent to the yells from igjthe side- walk. aj ' Partant pour la Syrie,' clashed the cym- E-jhals, as the troops marched down the beauti- fnl street of the beautiful city, past the obe- plisk wMch had looked upon the victor of the Pyramids, past the rose gardens of theEm- sjfpress, past the Tuilleries, where the stately H'Begent, surrounded by beautiful women and brilliant courtiers, waved her wMto hand in IBalutation. '0 Then the frantic populace drowned the Igfiioise of the cymbals with a mad roar. g|; ' To Berlin !' shouted the loiterers in the g'gardens, cried the men in blouses at the ggmouths oi tho side streets, shrieked the Igwojnenand eMldren massed on the pavement ; jand handkercMefs were waving where ladies Sgfetid their cavaliers were grouped.around the fountain, 2nd about the statues, in the Place la Concorde. Then the cry of the night was varied as the cro wa caught another chorus— - " H ' Malheur a qui brave la France !' For France had gone mad with wild de- Mi litrlit as she eathered.her children to tho vin- gtage of Mars' red wine. Ipf Then the clash of the cymbals was lost in !gf tbe distance. |i The crowd, whichhad shouted itself hoarse Ipiwas breaking into shadowy columns and M" vanishing like ghosts. |1 The torches were burned out, and the bon- p| fires were dying in little gasping bursts of ip flame. »||| The guests had left the balcony, andHugalde Mi was singing a pulse quickening martial song Spin the saloon. pf In the window near me, shaded by the laee drapery, Franchetti was talking in murmur- SpJ.iing Tuscan to th» Bozzacehi, whoso palccheek Jfjcaugbt a wild-rose tint as she listened. 0'( I turned from the lighted windows and gjiilooked towards the west, where, beneath the distant constellations, New Orleans was lying |p-in shadow. The splendour of tho French |s|lcapital vanished. Through the far distance 0-'.I could hear the mocking-birds singing in the feathery myrtle in a cool dewy garden near JSflthe great river. An old man is dreaming in $$ the rustic arbour. A young girl is lcauing ill- from the casement, and night and darkness p| are lit with the st irry splendour of child's eyes. Acynical voice, with air.ockingyet half-Eob Ip. ring iu it, suddenly sounded in my ears, and Kpi I turned to seo who wassayiug— II? ' ' To die for the country ' is easv to say, here on the boulevard as the troops file past, when ihc ring of tho Chirstmas goblets is heard through the laughter and the gay talk. |||. Bnt to die for the country' is another thing ||£ in some hot August bat le-field, when the llll' mitrailleuses are roaring and the b-r-r-r of musketry is creeping closer. Our friends in |||. there do not remember the Prussian artillery |||r and how it cut through the Austrian ranks 1|| at Koniggratz. |||- Gallant fellows are tho cuirassiers ; but |S| when artillery crashes into a squadron it Wm breaks a promising cavalry charge, Mon TJ'tcul ill It finds them in lino of battle, but it leaves llll not the living ! and the gbosts will not como jag- back to us. In hop-gardens aud vineyards, jig1 man and horse will lie in little crimson pools If® and foul smells will taint the breeze of ||k autumn. In tho blood- stained and sodden K' fields tlie grain will once more ripen, only mfc tbe poppies will have a deeper scarlet from S|| the showers with which this year will wash llll their roots.' gifi There was tho souud of a sweet voice |g|- eol'iug, ' My i i lends,' and the smiling face of ||| Giuseppiua Bozzucelii was looking through the window. In a moment we were swept in the train of the danseuse to the pretty salon where Bohemia touched hands with tho great of Court, Camp, and Academy. Early in August we knew that France was not gathering victories. Douay's division had been overwhelmed, and the pompous Froassard crushed. Then came tho crowning misfortune, MacMahon was dofeated ! At first Paris re- fusedj:o bolieve thai. 1 "W hat ! le Due de Magenta defeated by Germans ? S aprisli ! cost ridicule !' The journals denied, exclaimed, at tho last when official reports could no longer be held back, admitted a disaster at Worth. Little by little the story wa3 told. Oh. gallant cuirassiers ! The world never taw fiercer fight than that desperace charge at Reiehshofcn, where your broken squadrons where piled in gory mounds on the fair Al satian fields. Between raging sobs Paris shouted acclaim to the dead cavalrymen who had saved Mac- Mahon's retreat, then she raved liked Hecuba when news came from Mars-le-Tour, Grave- lotto, and Lorraine, where' the keys of tho . old capital had been given with solemn show to the brother of the Prussian king. The cry 'To Berlin ! ' was stifled in the bloody throats of the deal at Worth ; while the Germans growled, in vengeful gutturals, 'To Paris !' as the Prussian legions surged southwards and westwards from the Rhine .border. When the sun was setting behind tho forests of Saint -Cloud, on the evening of the 1st of September, every .lounger on the boulevards, every gamin in the street, knew that the French and German armies had each other by the throat at Sedan. The defeat had instant issue: the Empire vanished, and the Government of the 4th of September was installed. Witb tho melancholy days of Novemhor came cold rains to add to the sufferi ;g of the poor. Night after Mght Our Lady of Bohemia dines with Giuseppina BozzaccM. Treasures of art were missing 'from tho walls and the cabinets of the Tuscm. The lovely throat of the danseuse was bare of jewels. The shimmer of pearls, the fiasMag of diamonds, wero seen no longer; not a bracelet on the little bands or the rounded arms. Then 'Bohemia' refused to come empty-handed to dine with her darling. Bohemian purveyors were sent to every quarter of the beleigured city, and the find ings were brought to little Guiseppina. Queer dishes were served to the guests in that pretty dining-hall, where the scarlet panels in tMer eoony frames seem patches of flame when fit by the yellow glow of waxen cmdles — for of waxoandles there was yet store. Night after night the wicks burned to the eurved edges of the crystal bobechee ; at the last faint flicker Bohemia said good-night. Thus the autumn evening burned out, until one came which I shall never forget. SECOXD NIGHT. It was the 25th of November. The night was damp and muggy. TM-ough the mist wMoh seemed a drizzle arrested in its fall and upheld by the steaming vapour of the sudden thaw, I made my way, as rapidly as the sharp twinges of pain in my lame leg per mitted, across the boulevard, through the narrow street, to offer my modest fete- day gift, with my' good wishes, to Giuseppina Bozzacehi on1 this evening of the day of Saiute-Genevicve. In a sort of intcrmitent way the little dan seuse was a fiercely devout believer ; the attacks though short, were frequent. "With all her Red-Republicanism, she had not forgotten the religion of her mother. There were rather comical outbursts of ortho doxy occasionally in tho little salon — where Bohemain freedom was tho rule — when the mistress of the house tried to enlighten the unbelieving heathen who would not see that the unity of Italy was desirable. ' In the morning of that day the serious few of Giuseppina's friends accompanied her to the shrine of her baptismal saint. After the service was ended, O vainly suggested, in Ms suave, persuading manner, the nearness of Ms quarters, and the excel lence of the viands he would have the honour to place before his guests. 'No,' she insisted, she 'must make her sal vation :' wo might came to her in the even ing, but sbe preferred spending tbe day alone, visiting a few pensioners. Poor child ! We of Bohemia had learned how her jewels had fed the famishing figur antes and their respectable parents. How beautiful she looked that night, with the red blood burring through the creamy eMn ! We did not know that the scarlet of tho lips, that the purplish peachy bloom of the raunded cheeks, that the light in the depths of the great brown eyes, was the intense colouring of fever which was throbbing a death-march in every pulse- beat. Diplomacy, Art, Science, Literature had gathered to do the Bozzacehi honour, and to bring tribute. Legitimists were jostled by Extremists and forgot to- take offence ; Orleanists and Bonapartists joined in the gay duct of com pliment ; and all echoed the ringing laugh of tho danseuse as a mad wag stationed himself at the door aud announced the arrivals — 'M. le Colonel de N , with a guard of honour escorting six dozen bottles of Chfiteau- Yquem which Haus3mann kept for this special occasion in the cellars of the Hotel de Ville. See ! their rich amber is reflected m Guiseppina's eyes. 'M. le Baron de S , Madame Chilli V 1116 gilij U. lltt LIlv llutiv tJiilUllluQi ' Messieurs L and L , of the Lon don Free Lances, have the honour of accom panying a majestic goose, stuffed with a peck of chestnuts, that Mademoiselle may not for get the groves of Italy. 'Madame Hugilde and rice curry, rich and full In the dish as in the voice of the con tralto who brings the offering. ' M. le Due de T , with a roast saddle of young donkey, at our lady's service. ' Dr. P , of the American Ambulance, with a salad he ha3 gathered from benoath the ramparts, under the very noses of Bis marck's Prussians. t ' M. Molinari, with Madame Macroni and her nieco Madomoisello Fromagc, from Parma.' Here a motley company of artists, students and journalists caught the usher and brought him iu tlieir midst, as they came to make their compliments to the Bozzacehi. Then, as the rush receded, a single figure advanced ; and, looking into Giuseppina's eyes, I knew it was Franchetti with Ms bas ket of flowers. i A v. ! t nrnil/l l«n vrt Tilintncrrjrnlinri nnrl ixil . tiiUU J- VUU.11 f w jf— A phonocrraphed the faces and tho talk ! The written words are such faint echoes of the mirth and gaiety of tlie night. ' But then, another difficulty, the talk was not all words : eyes and gestures were shad ing conversation with light and expression. As for a pcn-picturo of that impassioned rauso and her changeful face — I dare not attempt the impossibility. I can only describe for you, as well as words may, the portrait which Oarolus Duran had painted, and a sudden effect of cross-lights, as I sat in a sheltered corner, late in the night, next the easel which held the picture. It was one of those bizarre and striking contrasts which Duran affects. The danseuse wss pictured coming through parted curtains of crimson ! She was lifting the heavy fold asido with ono hand, as tho other removed a death's-head mask from her smiling face. A long blue domino fell from one bare, shoulder, wbicb tbe crimson drapery brought into bold relief, wbilo tho lower- part of the figure was an obscure and sliadowy outline. Hugalde was about'to sing that mad drink- iug-song of hers, which impregnates sound and captures memory. She was standiug beside the Bozzacehi. Both were smiling as they held up foasaing glasses of "the amber wine, striking tho delicate crystal until it rang out a fit prelude to that carol of Bac- chus. In changing the arrangement of the piano some one had placed a branch of wax lights upon a little bracket of green bronze, just above the easel upon which was placed Giu seppina's portrait. In the cross light from the chhnnsy-piece tho curtains of the picture took a flame-like hue which absorbed all faintor colouring, blanching the face to a ghastly pallor more terribly - real than tho mask which seemed a mockery of coming death. Involuntarily I sprang up to chan ge the light. My crutch caught in the foot of the easel, and the picture foil with a sharp crash. I looked at Gaiseppina, who had turned at the sound. For one moment the real face hud the same corpse-like pallor which I had seen in tho portrait ; hut in anotherinstant tho red blood came in a torrent that burnt out the pale ness. Then ono of those subtle suggestions o sense, that somehow touch the inner con sciousness of mind, defined the ghostly change in the picture, and the superstition which had frightened Giuseppina when it fell. The coming fate, and the mystery of prophecy, wero unveiled in the electric flash which enlightened what we call Soul, as it ran through the gamut of the senses and tho half -forgotten thought stories of the brain. The picture was removed, and the song be gan. I was not surprised at its close when Dr. P-— — touched my arm and motioned mo to the little dining-room from whence the guests had gone, and where the broken rem nants of the gay feast gave weird emphasis to tho words which put my vision of prophesy into visible form. ' Giuseppina has small-pox. I have ques tioned her as best I could without alarming her. The fever has had its own way for twenty four hours. The wet day, the ex citement, and tho wine have been fatal aids to the disease. She is half delirious now. ' We must get these people away, and without a panic, if it ho possiblo. Tell me, who will stay ? Whom can we trust f ' None of theso women. Madame Hugalge would stay, but shehas her home-people to think of. I will bq glad to be of use to you ; and so will all the men of our set, if you will let them.' ' Well you must choose. Tho nurse must be cool headed and deft-handed, clever and careful. I wish there was a woman of courage and heart here. I would have -more hope. Men lack the sixth sense, the intuition that can toll the needs of this nervous child. Can you tMnk of no one who would come ?' Yes.' Thore had flashed across my memory a proud pale face wMch I had seen touched with tenderest pity. — tho faco of grande dame as it bent over a cot in a hospital near by where a little gamin of the Btreets was sob- bing out Ms grief at the loss of his leg. The child had followed a regiment of ' Liners' that was in that desperate and gallant fight on the heights of Ohutillon which was lost at last through a sudden panic. How the child camo to he there no one knew. The soldiers saw him first as he caught a drum from the stiffening fingers of a dying drummer and heat the advance in their last charge. So when a shot struck him the Liners would not leave Mm to the mercy of the enemy. Through a shower of balls they brought him out of the fight' to the ambulance, where he was given into the still beautiful hands of the proudest lady in Paris, tie Countess of Montfort, whose sons were all dead or pri soners. Her broken heart was shedding its blue blood, drop by drop, in night watches by the wounded and the dying. I had gone to the Countess only the day before with lint, linen, and the bouillon into wMch Giuseppina had molted her pearls. As the doctor said, ' a woman of courage and heart,' tho beautiful, bravely-suffering face of the desolate mother seemed to look at me. ' Send thess people away. I will be back in half an hour with somo ono you can trust.' And I was off to the hospital. Of course she came. A woman of lower rank or less heart might have hesitated, might have measured the social abyss which lay bstwec-n, might have thought of les con venances; but the Countess of Montfort was above les convenances. The panic-striken re vellers had fled. Le Baron de S , Fran chetti, the two Englishmen, and a poor figurante , who was sobbing bitterly in tbe ante-room, where gratitude to her benefac tress kept her although she was in mortal dread of the disease, were still in the house when morning broko. The yellow haze of the rising sun was reflected in the half -filled glasses of amber wine in wMch the guests had been pledging healths when Death's warning . LU unu wxxu. BHIIIA UI uit? danseuse as she felL senseless at the feet of Eranchetti. Through the long hours we heard Giuseppina raving in the room, where the doctor and the stately lady were alone with the dying girl. The portieres were pulled aside, and we could hear the story of her life, the story of her heart, as it was told brokenly in passion ate bursts of sweet Italian — told as some poet of her native land might have cnanted a ten der sad romance of unrequited love. Poor little Giuseppina ! — if you could have ! seen the face of the listener who stood beside ! me, the surprise, the pain, the grief, death j would have been sweeter to you that, fife had J ever been. There was an hour of silence. The fight form which had tossed so restlessly was mo- 4i/\vi1ooa TKc.n nro CO TTT tno nnnntaeo frnrn the doctor. He came to the door. 'Tho countess wishes some one to go for a priest.' In an instant Franchetti had gone. As the sunlight came over the walls which hounded the narrow street and flooded the room with its glancing ray, a soldierly-look ing priest (whom I had seen, and after wards saw in every battle-field around Paris, giving directions to the gatherers of the battle-harvest) anointed the brow of the dying girl. Little Giuseppina's eyes were fixed on the faco of the lady whose hand she held. Again we heard a broken murmur of that soft Tus can dialect ; but tho story was sweeter. She taMed of her mother, of the peaceful life of the peasants, of the happy days in the flowery Campagna. Tlie Bozzacehi was once more a little child. Tho voice grew fainter. The dainty hands were thrown up wards and clasped arounp the ncekof the lady, who bent a tear-stained faco 10 take tho kiss the dying girl offered. 'Ah, Madre miu ' Madrc mia carissima !' Tlio words ended in' a long, shuddering si-rh :and all was silont. sa-c the voice of the priest as he repeated the prayers for the dead. 