An Ocean Tragedy. BY w. nr. ark russell. CHAPTER XXYL WILFRID'S DELUSION. IT -WAS pleasant to learn next morning that the breeze which had been slipping us nimbly through it since we had trimmed Bail for our homeward-bound run had not only blown steadily all night, giving os an average of flome seven knots an hour, but had gathered a little increase of weight at sunrise, so that I awoke to as much life in the vessel in the resonant humming from aloft, the quick wash and- eager seething of recoiling seas, the straining noises of strong fastenings to the sloping of the spars as though the north-east trades were pouring full upon the starboard bow and we were buzzing-through the cool Atlantic parallels within a distance of soundings that would render talk about Southampton «.ud arriving home reasonable. For my part ever since we had penetrated these "doldrums," as they are called, 1 was dreading the long dead.calms of the frizzling belt where a catspaw is hailed in God's name and where the roasting eye of the sun sucks ont the very blue of the atmosphere till the heavens go down in a brassy dazzle to the ocean confines as though one were shut up in a huge, burnished bèll with a white-hot clapper for light. My spirits were good as I sprang out of my bunk and made for the bath-room. It was not only that the fresh wind whistling hot through the open scuttle of my berth caused me to think of home as lying at last fairly over the bow instead of over the stem as it had been for weeks ; the object of this trip, such as it was, had been achieved ; there was nothing more to keep a look-oat for ; nothing more to hold 'one's expectations tautened to cracking point. Everything that was material had happened on the preceding morning, and the toss of the colonel's body last night over the gangway by lantern light with Lady Monson looking on was like the drop of the black curtain : it was the end of the tragedy ; the orchestra had filed out, the lights were extinguished, and we could now pass into heaven's invigorating air and live again the old easy life of commonplaces. So ran my thoughts as I emerged from my berth with a veiy good appetite and made my way to the sparkling breakfasttable. I seated myself on a couch waiting for Wilfrid and Miss laura ; the stewards hung about ready to serve the meaL I called, the head one to me and said, " Is there any chance of Lady Monson joining us at table, do you know ? " " I think not,-sir," he answered. " Who attends to her—I mean as re- ' Miss Jennings' maid, sir. She told me this morning her ladyships's orders are that a sepeiate tray should be prepared for her for breakfast, lunch and dinner. Her breakfast was taken to her about ten minutes ago. " i^j^fiômay presume,"» said I, " that InSIHBjheBiJfptfeUj well this morning? Andiny cousin, steward ?" 1 was to tell you, sir, " he answered, "that Sir Wilfrid will not come to table." "How is he?" "He didn't complain, sir; just said " Fil- breakfast' in my cabin tins morning]" "All right," said I, and ihe man retired. There was nothing unusual in Wilfrid breakfasting in his cabin. I was glad to hear that he did not complain ; as a rule he was very candid if in suffering ; owned Çreely to whatever troubled him, however railing, and made much of it. In a few minutes Miss Laura came from her berth. Her face had the delicacy of look that in her at all events I took to express a troubled or sleepless night. Her eyelids were a little heavy ; her lips wanted their dewy freshness of hue. Tet no woman, I thought, could ever show sweeter than she as she advanced and took my hand «railing ^.p at me and subtly incensing the atmosphere with a flower-like fragrance that had nothing whatever to do With the scent bottle. I told her that Wilfrid would not breakfast with us and we seated ourselves. " He is well, I hope ? " "Oh, I should think so, if I may judge from what the steward tells me. Fil look in upon him after breakfast. Have you seen Lady Monson this morning?" " No," she answered, " Isent my maid with, a message and the reply was that Lady Monson wishes to be alone." "Now, Miss Jennings," said I gently but with some emphasis, "you must let nothing that Lady Monson does vex you. You have done your duty ; she is on board this yacht ; I shall grow fretful if I think yon intend to waste a single breath of the sweetness of your heart upon the arid air of Madam Henrietta's desert nature. I dare say you have scarcely closed your eyes all night through thinking about her." "About her and other things." "Why tease yourself? A sister is a sister only so long as she chooses to act and feel as one. It is indeed a tender word—a sweet relationship. But if a woman coolly cats all family ties—" She shook her head, smiling. "Tour views axe too hard, • Mr. Monson. Ton would argue of a sister as yon would of a wife. We most bear with the shame, the degradation, the wickedness of those we have loved, of those we'still love spite of bitter repulse. There is no one, I am sure, would dare kneel down in prayer if it was believed that God's mercy depended upon our own actions. All of us would feel cut off." Not all, I thought, looking at her, but sat silent awhile, feeling rebuked. I -was a young man then ; I can turn back now, scarred as I am by many years of life's warfare, and see that I was hard, too hard in those thoughtless days of mine ; that knowing little or nothing of suffering myself, I knew little or nothing of the deep and wondrous vitality of human sympathy. Ton find many corridors in human nature when you enter, bat sympathy is the only way in ; and to miss that "floor is merely to go on walking round the I ate for a little in dleneCL aad then said, "I suppcée, as you have ceen almost nothing ofyour sister, you are unable to form an opinion of her state of mind?" "She is irazaraBv of a cold nature," the answered ; " digpofritjans such as licts, 1 think, donotgreatiy vary, let w],at will happen to them- Though on» ki:ows not whatpasricaj, feeling, jpTlftfaflfl n ^y have ite fang» buried in such hearts, yet suffering Ins ^lo through too T. "Itnow apetsonwbo ; a shell, then lead then oak, and so on. Nothing •but the last trumpet could influence the MW inside." " But why did yon ask thàt question, Mr. Monson ? " \- "Well." said I, "you know that we buried Hie colonel last night ?" ^ She started. " I did not know ! " she exclaimed. "Tes," I continued. "We slung a xwuple of lanterns, and Finn read the service. Just before the body was launched yonr sister arrived, rising like a ghost amongst as." . ; She looked greatly shocked. " Was Henrietta really present ?" she exclaimed. " How conld she have known—what could the men-have thought of her? What madness of bad taste !" "The forefinger follows the thumb," said I, " and when yon come to the little, finger you must begin again. All's one with some people when, they make a start. .Am I too bard on humannature in saying this?" : Sot she merely exclaimed, as though to herself. "How could die be present? How could she be present ? " " Well, now, mark what follows, Miss Jennings," said I ; " when the body had vanished, your sister walked right aft, kneeled upon the grating, and in that posture of supplication continued to watch the dark waters for upwards of ten minutes. Meanwhile I -was gazing at her from the gangway, where I stood in the dusk fidgeting exceedingly. For what was in my mind? Suppose she should fling herself overboard ! " Her violet eyes rested thoughtfully upon my face. "Ishould not have been afraid," she exclaimed with a faint touch of scorn which made wonderfully sapid her voice that was low and colourless. " Of course you know your own sister," said I. " Finn took your view. I mentioned my misgiving, and hi» long head waggled most prosaically in the moonlight." "Women who behave as my sister has, Mr. Monson," she exclaimed, with the gravity of a young philosopher, " are too selfish, too cowardly, too much in love with themselves and with life to act as you seem to fe.ir my sister might. They may go mad, and then, to be sure, there is an end of all reasoning about them; but whilst they have their senses they may be trusted so far as they themselves are concerned. In perfectly sane people many noble qualities go to impulses or resolutions which are deemed rash and impious by persons who falter over the mere telling of such deeds. My sister has not a single noble quality in her. She may poison the Jives of .others, but she will be extremely careful to preserve her own." " Now if I had said that—" said I. "Oh," she answered, with the little colour that had come into her .cheeks fading out of them, "I will never reproach you for telling the truth." After breakfast I went to Wilfrid's cabin, and found him np and dressed, sitting man easy-chair, reading his diary, which I took the book to be. He held the volume close to his face ; his legs were crossed, his feet in slippers, his right hand grasped his big meerschaum pipe, which -was filled- with yellow tobacco not yet lighted'. The cabin window was open, and the draperies of the handsome little apartment starred to the pouring of the rich, hot, ocean breeze through the orifice. " Ton look vastly comfortable, Wilf," said L " Glad to find yon well. But it must be a bit dull here though ?" " Not at all," said he, putting down the book and lighting his pipe. "Sit and smoke with me." " Why not on deck ?" I answered, sitting nevertheless. "A wide view in hot weather takes the place of a cool atmosphere. The sight is sensible of the heat as well as other organs. It may be cooler down here in reality than it is under the awning above, but these cribbed and coffined bulkheads make it very hot to the eye spite of that pleasant gushing of wind there." He quietly sacked at his pipe, looking at me through the wreaths of tobacco smoke which went up from his bowl. I lighted a cigar, furtively observing his face as I did so. He was pale ; there was nothing novel in that, but I noticed an expression of anxiety, in his eyes that was new to me ; a look of sane concern as though some difficulty novel and surprising, yet not of a character to strike deep, had befallen him. I glanced at the breakfast tray that was upon the table near which he was seated and easily guessed by what remained that he had made a good meaL TTig manner was quiet, even subdued ; no symptoms of the old jerkiness, of the odd probing gestures of head with a thrust of his mind, as it were, into one's face as if his intellect were as short-sighted as his eyes. He was airily clothed in white, a coloured shirt wide open at the collar, and a small silk cap of a jockey pattern was perched upon his head. " Has Finn removed the five-guinea piece from the mainmast? " said he. "I don't know, Wilf." "I must send,word to him to take charge of it, and to tell the men that the money will be distributed among them on oar arrival. I shall be glad to get home. " " And so shall I, upon my word." " The ceaseless motion of the sea," he continued, talking quietly and with a more sensible look in his face than I had witnessed in him since the hour of our start, ' ' grows so distractingly monotonous after a time, that I can readily believe it affects weak heads. This trip has about •exhausted my love of seafaring. I shall sell the Bride. I nodded. " How long should the run home occupy us? " he asked. " Let us call it a month, or five weeks at the outside, for everybody's sake," I answered. He smoked for a minute in silence with a thoughtful face and then said, " Five weeks in one's cabin is a long imprisonment." I imagined he referred to Ms wife, and that he was feeling his way in this roundabout fashion to talk about her. " There is nonecessity to be imprisoned for five weeks," said I. " Tour yacht is not an ocean liner full of passengers whose stares and whispers might indeed prove embarrassing. So far as I am concerned I am quite willing to promise very honestly never even to look. Miss Jennings is all tendemess and sweetness and sympathy there could be nothing to found a plea for seclusion upon in her presence. As to the.^umrs;' I continued, noticing without comprehending an air of bewilderment that was growing npon his face as I talked, ,** Jack meets with so many astonishments in his vocation that surprise and curiosity are almost lost arte with him. The crew .wiU't^ke ,ane long thirsty stare;, then torn their quids and give what passes aft no further need whatever." I " I don't follow yon," he exclaimed, posing )}is pipe, with his eyes intently fix€$;bn me; "what are you talking jrixratr.'-' : "You ware speaking of the tedionsness of a five weeks' imprisonment ! " , "Quite right,"said he, "and tedious it is if it's to last five weeks." , . "But, my dear Wilfrid, I was endeavouring to point out that the imprisonment to which yon refer is unnecessary ; in fact, after last night—" But-here I suddenly bit mjrlip to the perception that it would be rash and unwise on my part to let him know that his wife had been present at Colonel Hope-Kennedy's burial :" What I mean is," I continued, talking rapidly, " if it's a mere question of sensitiveness or pride recoiling from observation, why not imitate the great Mokanna : "O'er his feetnreihmig The Veil, the Silver Veil which he had flung TTig dazzling hrow till men could boarlte light.* 1 In our case we have no dazzling brow and consequently require no silver veils ; but in MÎKH Laura's wardrobe there should be—" ; He was now gaping at me, and cried out, "Tour brain wanders this morning, Charles. Do you mean that Z ehould go veiled?" " Ton ! " I exclaimed ; " certainlynot. I am not talking of you." \- " But I am talking of myself, though," he cried. I looked at him with amazement. *' Tou do not mean to say that you intend to imprison yourself in this cabin till we get home ? " He shook his head. " I don't imprison myself," he answered, " I am imprisoned." " By whom, pray ? " "Can't you see?" I ran my eyes round the cabin. " No, no ! " he shouted, " look at me. Don't you perceive that I can't get out ? How am I to pass through that door ? " "How are you to pass through that door?" I exclaimed, "why, by walking through it, of course. How else ? " " Ay, and that's just what I can't do," said he, with a melancholy shake of the head. t "But why not, Wilfrid?" I cried, scarcely yet understanding how it was with him. " Because," he answered, petulantly, looking down himself, then at his arms and legs, "I a;a too big." I perceived ltow what had come to him, and felt so dismayed, so grieved, so pained, I may say, to tie very heart, that for some moments I was unable to speak. However, with a violent effort I pulled myself together, and lighting my cigar afresh in a demonstrative way, for the mere sake of obtaining what concealment I could get out of my gestures and my puffing of . the tobacco clouds, I said, " Big you always were, Wilfrid ; but neve* so big—and not novo so big—as not to be able to pass through that door. See ! let me go first ; put your two hands just^ above my hips and you'll follow me through as easily as reeving a rope's end through the sheave hole it belongs to." I rose, but he waved me off with an almost frantic gesture. " My God, man ! " he shouted, " what is the use of talking? I could no more get through that door than I could pass through that porthole." \- "But don't you think we might manage to haul you through ? " said I. " You'd tear me to pieces," he answered. "Sit down, my dear fellow, "he continued, speaking with aai almost cheerful note in his voice, "it isa very grave inconvenience, but it must be met. This cabin is commodious, and with you and Laura to come and keep rue company, and with the forth» solace of my pipe and books, why I shall be very nearly as well off as if I could get on deck. Besides," headded, lifting his finger and addressing me with that old air of cunning I have again and again referred to, made boyish and pathetic by the quivering of his eyelids and the knowing look his mouth pur; on, " even if I was not too much swelled to pass through that door," he glanced at it as if it were a living thing that demanded respectful speech from him, " I should never be able to get through the companion hatch." "Well," said I, "it, no doubt, is as you say. A little patience and you will find yourself equal, I am sure, to leaving your cabin. If not, and you fear the idea of a squeeze, there is always your carpenter at hand. A few blows dealt at yonder bulkhead would make room for an elephant." "Ay, that would be all very well," said he, " so far as this cabin is concerned. But would you have me order the carpenter to rip up the deck with' leagues of Atlantic weather right ahead of us ? " I feigned to agree. No useful result could possibly follow any sort of reasoning with him whilst this extraordinary fancy possessed his brain. I watched him attentively to remark if he moved or acted as if his hallucination involved physical conditions, as if in short he was sensible of the weight and unwieldiness of excessive growth in his body and limbs : for I remembered the case of a man I once heard of, who, believing himself to have grown enormously corpulent in a single night, acted the part of an immensely fat man by breathing pursily and with labour, by grasping his stomach as though 'it stood out a considerable distance ahead of him, and by other samples of behaviour which in his madness he might imagine properly belonged to the obese. But I could detect no conduct of this sort in Wilfrid outside that inspection of himself which 1 mentioned when he first told me that he had grown too big to quit his cabin. 1 changed the subject and sat talking with him Jor a long half-hour. Heaskea no questions about bis wife, nor as to the disposal of thè colonel's bedy, nor reverted to the extent of the faintest implication to the incidents of the pieceding day. Tet he conversed with perfect rationality ; his manners were bland, with something of dignity in them ; it seemed indeed as if the poor fellow's craziness had localised itself in this new and astounding fancy of his being unable to squeeze his way through on deck, leaving his mind in all other directions clear and serene ; yet mad as was thenotion that had now seized him, I could not but secretly feel that there was more madness yet in his insensibility to what had happened, as though indeed the light of memory in him had been extinguished and he was conscious of nothing but what was actually passing before his eyes. I held my peace on this new and* astonishing craze, fancying that at any hour I might - find him on deck and his delusion gone. At dinner, however, that day Miss Laura noticed his absence. My silence, I suppose, convinced her that there was something wrong with him. She questioned me and I told her the truth. Her eyes filled with sadness. " He grows worse," she said. " I fear he will never recover." " This marriage,"' I answered, " on top of what was-congenital in him, Lak proved too much. Have , you seen your sister to-day ?" "No." , -"Does die intend to keep her cabin until we reach England ?" , " I cannot say. She declines to see me." ; ''Tet she has turned you out of your berth, and does not scruple, I suppose, to use everything that you possess. Well, we are a queer little ship, I must say-; the husband self-imprisoned by. fancy on one side, and a wife self-imprisoned by heaven knows what emotions on Hie other side ; and both doorawithin kick of a fofct from either threshold. It is a picture to encourage an. ingenious mind fired with matrimonial resolutions 1 " \- " Men are fools to get married ! " she exclaimed piquantly. " And women ? " said L " Oh, it is the business of women to make men fools," she answered. . 'Her clear eye rested serenely on mine, and she spoke without archness or sarcasm. "I don't think," said I, "that women make fools of men, but that it is men who make fools of themselves. Tec' tliî« I: vow before all the gods : if I had married a woman like your sister and she-had served me as die lias served her husband, I should'wish to be mad as Wilfrid is. Hé does not ask after her, seems to have utterly forgotten her and the fellow who was sent to his rest yesterday. Oh, how delightful ! Why you hear of women like Lady Monson driving their spouses into hideous courses of life, forcing them to search for oblivion in drink, gambling, and so on, until they end as penniless miscreants, as broken-down purple-nosed rogues, and all for love, forsooth ! But how is Wilfrid served ? Some wild-eyed imagination, slips into his brain, turns all the paintings to the wall, and with nimble hands Mis to work to garnish the galleries inside his skull with tapestry hangings which engage his mind to the forgetting of all things else." " But, Mr. Monson," criedshe, " surely with some little trouble one might succeed in persuading him, whilst feigning^to admit he has increased in size, that he is not too big to pass through his door." " L-jt us pay him a visit," said I. She at once rose. We had finished dinner some time. I had been chatting with her over such slender dessert as a yacht'» stores in those days supplied—figs, nuts, raisins, biscuits, and the like. The westering sun coloured the cabin with a ruby atmosphere amid which the wines on the table glowed in rich contrast with the snoW-white damask and the icy sparkle of crystal, whilst red stars trembled in the silver lamps, with a soft crimson lustre flaking, as it seemed, upon the eye out of the mirrors. The humming wind gushed pleasantly through the open skylight and down the hatchway, and set \tlie leaves of the plants dancing and the ferns gracefully nodding. To think of the woman for whom all this show was designed, for whom all these elegancies were heaped together, the mistress, indeed, of the gallant and beautiful little fabric that was bearing us with a pretty sauciness over this sea of sapphire and under this reddening equinoctial heaven, sulking in her cabin, a disgraced, a degraded, a socially ruined creature, imprisoned by her own hand, and pride acting the part of turnkey to her ! But Miss Jennings was making her way to Wilfrid's cabin, and there was no leisure now for moralising. We entered. The remains of the dinner my cousin had been served with were still upon his table, and I gathered that he had done exceedingly welL This did not look as though he suspected that eating had anything to do with his sudden astonishing growth. He had emptied one pint bottle of champagne, and another about a quarter full stood at his elbow with a bumper just poured out, apparently, alongside it. He had attired himself in dress clothes again, and sat with an air of state and dignity in his arm-chair, toying with a large cigar not yet lighted. " How d'ye do, Laura, my dear ? Sit down. Sit, Charles. There is plenty of room for slender people like you." I placed a chair for Miss Jennings and vaulted into Wilfrid's bunk, for though the cabin was roomy in proportion to the burthen of the yacht, the accommodation was by no means ample, owing to the furniture that crowded the deck. His high cheek bones were flushed, a sort of glassiness coated his eyes, but this I readily ascribed to the champagne ; the interior was hot, and Miss Laura cooled her sweet face with a black fan that hung at her waist. My cousin watched her uneasily, as if he feared sho would see something in him to divert her. " Do you feel now, Wilfrid," said I, " as if you could get on deck ? " "Oh, certainly not," he answered warmly, " I wonder that you should ask such a question. Compare my figure with that door." He looked at Miss Laura with a shrug of his shoulders as though he pitied me. . "Surely, Wilfrid," she exclaimed, "you could pass through quite -easily, and without hurting yourself at alL" "Quite easily! Tes, in pieces !" he cried scornfully. " But it is not that you are both blind. Tour wish is to humour me. Please do nothing of the sort. What I can see, you can see. Look at this bulk." He put down his cigar to grasp his breast with both hands. " Look at these," he continued, slapping first an arm, then a leg. " It is a most fortunate thing that I should have broadened only. HadI increased correspondingly in height, I should not have been able to stand upright in this cabin," and he directed a glance at the upper deck or ceiling, whilst a shiver ran through bitn. I thought now I would sound his mind in fresh directions, for though whilst his present craze hung strong in him it was not likely he would quit his cabin, yet if his intellect had failed in other ways to the extent I found in this particular hallucination he would certainly have to be watched, not for his own security only, but for that of all others on board. Why, as yon may suppose, his craziness took the wildest and most tragic accentuation when one thought of where one was—in the very heart of the vast Atlantic, a goodly company of us on board, a little ship that was as easily to be made a bonfire of as an empty tar barrel, with gunpowder enough stowed somewhere away down forward to complete in a jiffy the work that the flames might be dallying with. " Tou do not inquire after Lady Monson, Wilfrid," said L Miss Jennings started and stared at me. " Why should I? " he answered coldly and deliberately, producing - his little tinder box, at which he began to chip. " I'll venture to say she doesn't inquire after me." I was astonished by the rationality of this answer and the air of intelligence that accompanied its delivery^ " No, I fear not," said 1," much embarrassed. " As she only came on board ^ " Welf? " he exclaimed, finding that I paused. " Oh," said I with a bit of a stammer, "It just occurred to me- you might have forgotten that she was now one' of us, journeying homB." " Tut, tut ! " said he, waving his hand at me bat without taming his head. " Laura, :you are lebking after her, my dear ?" • . "My mud sees that she has all die requires," answered the girL " She declines to have anything to say to me—to meet me—to hear of-me." He nodded his head slowly and gravely at her, and lowering his voice said, "Can she hear as, do you think?" * " No," I exclaimed, " not through the two bulkheads with the width of passage between." He smoked leisurely whilst he kept his eyes thoughtfully bent on Miss Laura. " My/consin," said he, addressing her as though I were absent,, " has on more than one occasion said to me, ' Suppose you recover your wife what are yon going to do with her ?' I have recovered her and now I will tèll you my intentions. Laura, you know I adored her." She inclined her head. "What term would you apply to a woman," he proceeded, " who should abandon a devoted husband that worshipped the ground she walked upon'? who should 'desert the sweetest little infant"—I thought his voice would iatyer /luere, bat, it . was as steady as the fixed regprd of his eyes—" that ^ver came from heaven to fill a mother's heart with love? who should forfeit a position of distinction and opulence—who should stealthily creep like a thief in the night from a home of beauty, of elegance, and of splendour ; who should do all this for an end of such depravity that it must be nameless ? " his forefinger shot up with a jerk and his eyes glowed under the trembling of the lids. "What is the term you would apply to such a woman ? " he continued, now scowling and with an imperious note-in his voice. 1 guessed the word that was in his mind and cried, " Why, mad of course." " Mad ! " he thundered violently, slapping his knee and breaking into a short, semi-delirious laugh. He leaned forward as though he would take Miss Laura into his strictest confidence, and putting his hand to the side of his mouthhewhispered, " She is mad. We none of us knew it, Laura. My first act then when we reach home will be to confine her. But not a word, mind ! " He held his finger to his lips, and in that posture slowly leaned back in his chair again with a face painful with its smile of cunning and triumph. I saw that the girl was getting scared ; so without ado I dropped out of the bunk on to my feet. "An excellent scheme, Wilfrid," said I, " in fact the only thing to be done. But my dear fellow, d'ye know the atmosphere here is just roasting. I'll take Miss Jennings on deck for a turn, and when I am cooled down a bit I'll look in upon you for another yarn for half-an-hour before turning in." " All right," he exclaimed. " Laura looks as if she wants some fresh air. Send one of the stewards to me, will you, as you pass through the cabin ? But mind, both of you—hush ! Not a word, you understand?" " Trust us," said I, and sick at heart I took Miss Laura's hand and led her out of the cabin. As I closed the door she reeled and would have fallen but for the arm I passed round her. I conducted her to a couch and procured a glass of water. The atmosphere here was comparatively cool with the evening air breezing down through the wide skylight, and she quickly recovered. "It is terrible !" she exclaimed, pressing her fingers to her eyes and shaking her head. "I should fall crazy myself were I much with him. His sneers, his smiles, his looks, the boyish air of his fifice, too ! The thought of his miseiy, his injury, the irreparable wrong done him—poor Wilf, poor Wilf ! " Her tender heart gave way and she wept piteously. When she was somewhat composed she fetched a hat and accompanied me on deck. The dusk down to the horizon was clear and fine, richly spangled to where the hard black line of the ocean ruled the firmament. On high sailed many meteors like flying fish sparkling out of the dark velvet ; some of them scoring under the trembling constellations a silver wake that lingered long on the eye and resembled a length of moon-coloured steam slowly settling away before the breath of a soft air. There were many shooting stars, too, without the comet-like grace of the meteoric flights ; sharp, bounding sparkles that made one think of the flashing of muskets levelled at the ocean by visionary hands in the hovering star-laden gloom. The wind was failing ; the yacht was sailing with erect masts with a rhythmic swinging of the hollows of her canvas to the light weather rolls of the vessel on the tender undulations. It was like the regular breathing of each great white breast. The dew was heavy and cooled the draught as a fountain the atmosphere round about it. A little sleepy noise of purring froth came from the bows. All was hushed along the decks, though as the yacht lifted forward I could make out some figures pacing the forecastle apparently with naked feet, for no footfall reached the ear. "Alas," said I, "the wind is failing. I dread the stagnation of these waters. I have heard of ships lying becalmed here for two and three months at a stretch ; in all those hideous days of frying suns and steaming nights scarce traversing twenty " We were becalmed a fortnight on the Line," said Miss Laura, " on our passage to England. It seemed a year. Everybody grew quarrelsome, and I believe there was a mutiny amongst the crew." "Oh, I hate the dead calm at sea !" I cried. " Tet I fear we axe booked. Look straight up, Miss Jennings, yon will behold a very storm of shooting stars. When I was in these waters, but much more west and east than where we now are, I took notice that whenever the sky shed meteors in any abondance a calm followed, and the duration of the stagnant time was in proportion to the abundance of the silver discharge. But who is that standing aft by the wheel there ? " My question was heard and answered. "It's me—Capt'n Finn, sir." " We're in for a calm, I fear, Finn." "I fear so, sir," he answered, slowly coming over to us. " Great pity, though. I was calculating upon the little breeze to-' day lasting to draw us out of this here belt. Them shooting stars, too, ain't wholesome. Some says they signifies wind, and so they may to the norrards, but not down here. Beg pardon, Mr. Monson, but how is Sir Wilfrid, sir? Han't seen him on deck all day. I hope his honour's pretty well ? " > " Come this way, Finn," said I. The three of us stepped to the weather nul, somewhat forward, clear of the ears of the helmsman. \- " Captain," said I, " my cousin's very bad, and I desire to talk to you about him." 1 • >4:-. .-;. "Sony to hear it, sir,">he answered, in a voice of concern ; " the heat's atiying him, may be." " He refuses to-leave his cabin," said I, " and why, think you V Because he has got it into his head* that be has grown too broad to pass through ^the door, or even to squeeze through t&a;£ hatch there." "Gor bless me ! " he exclaimed, "what a notion to take on. And yet it ain't the j first time I've heard of such whims. I was once shipmate with a man who believed his nose to be a knife. I've seen him atiying to cut up tobacco with it. There's no arguing with people when they gets them tempers." " But don't you think, Captain Finn," said Miss Jennings, "that with some -trouble Sir Wilfrid might be coaxed into coming on deck ? If he could be induced to pass through his door he would find the' hatch easy. Then, when on deck, confidence would return to him and his crazy notion leave him." "Won't he make the heffort, miss?" inquired Finn. • '' s I answered "No. .He says that it would tear him to pieces to be dragged through." '''Then, sir," exclaimed the skipper with energy, " if he says it you may depend uppn it he believes it, sir, and if he believes it then I dorn't doubt that physical force by way of getting him out of his cabin would be the most dangerous thing that could be tried. Itfe aUthe narves, sir. Them's an arrangement fit to bust ' a man open by acting upon his imagination. Mr. Monson, sir, I'll tell'ee what once happened to me. I had a fever, and when I recovered, my narves was pretty nigh all gone. Pd cry one moment like a baby, then laugh ready to split my sides over nothen at all. I took on a notion that I may lay wiolent hands on myself if the opportunity offered. It wasn't that I wanted to hurt- myself, bat that I was afeered I would. I recollect being in my little parlour one day. There was a bit of a sideboard agin the wall with a drawer in which my missus kep' the table knives we ate with. The thought of tnem knives gave me a fright. I wanted to leave the room, but to get to thé door I should have to pass the drawer where them knives were and 1 couldn't stir. Tour honour, such was the state of my narves that the agony of being dragged past that door would hare been as bad as wrenching me in^halves. So I got out through the window, and it was a fortnight afore I had the courage to look into that parlour again. " " My father knew.a rich gentleman in Melbourne," said Miss Jennings, "who lost his mind. He believed that he had been changed into a cat, and all day long he would sit boside a little crevice in the wainscot of his dining-room waiting for a mouse to appear." "But when it comes to imaginations of this kind," said I, "one is never to know what is going to follow. Captain Finn, my cousin may mend—1 pray God he will do so and soon—" "Amen," quoth Finn in his deepest note—" meanwhile," I continued, "I am of opinion that he should be watched." " Tou think so, sir? " he exclaimed. " Why, man, consider where wè are. Send your eye into that mighty distance," I cried, pointing to the black junction of scintillant gloom and the spread of ocean coming to us thence in ink. " Think of our loneliness here and the condition that a madman's act might reduce us to. That is not all. Lady Monson, this young lady and her maid sleep close to his cabin. Who shall conjecture the resolution that may possess a diseased brain on a sudden ? Sir Wilfrid must be watched, Finn." _ "Iagree with you, sir," he answered thoughtfully, "but—but who's to have the ordering of it ? " Tain't for the likes of me, sir—" he paused, then added, " He's master here 'ee know, sir." " I'll make myself responsible," I exclaimed ; " the trouble is to have him watched with the delicacy that «ha.11 defy the detection of his most suspicious humour should he put his head out of his berth or quit it—which he is not likely to do yet. Of course an eye would have to be kept upon him from without. Name me two or three of y our trustiest seamen. '' " Why, sir, there's Cutbill, a first-class man ; and there's two others, Jonathan Furlong and William Grindling, that you may put your fullest confidence in." " Then," said I, "I propose that these men should take a spell of keeping a look out turn and turn about. The stewards would have been fit persons, but they are wanting in muscle. Let the man who keeps watch in the cabin so post himself that he may command the passage where Sir Wilfrid's berth is. Tou or Crimp, according as your watch comes round, will see that the fellow below, whoever he may be, keeps awake. Pray attend to this, Finn. I am satisfied that it is a necessary measure." " I shall have to tell old Jacob the truth, sir, and the men likewise," said he, "and also acquaint the stewards with what's wrong, otherwise they'll be for turning the sailor that's sent below out of the cabin." "By all means," said I, "IH stand your lookout, whilst you are m airing the necessary arrangements. But see that you provide your men with some ready and quite reasonable excuse for being in the cabin should Sir Wilfrid chance to come out during the night and find one of his seamen sitting at the table." "Ay, ay, sir; that's to be managed with a little thinking," answered Finn, and forthwith he marched towards the forecastle into the darkness there. " It is fortunate," I said to Miss Jennings, " that I am Wilfrid's cousin. If I were simply a guest on board I question if Finn would do what I want." We fell'to pacing the deck. Even as we walked the light breeze weakened yet, till here and there "you'd catch sight, of the gleam of a star in some short fold of black swell running with a burnished brpw. The dew to the fluttering of the canvas aloft fell to the deck with the pattering sound of raindrops. " Oh," groaned I to Miss Laura, " for a pair of paddle- wheels ! " We stepped to the open skylight to observe if aught were stirring below, but gladly recoiled from the gush of hot air there rising with a fiery breath stale with the smëll of the dinner table spite of the sweetness put into it by the flowers. Heavens, how my very heart sickened to, the slopping sounds of water alongside lifting stagnantly and sulkily melting out into black irngleaiqing oil ! We seated ourselves under the fanning spread of mainsail, talking of Wilfrid, of his wife, of features of the voyage, until little by little I found myself slowly sliding into a sentimental mood. My companion's sweet face, glimmering tender and placid to the starlight, came very near into courting me into a confession of love. The helmsman was hidden from us, we seemed to be floating alone upon the mighty shadow that stretched around. A sense of inexpressible remoteness was inspired by the trembling of the luminaries and the sharp shooting of the silver meteors' as though all the life of this vast hushed universe of gloom were up there, and we had come to a pause .upon the very verge of creation, -with no other vitality in the misty what the beating of our ft into them. On a sudden she. "See! there is my sit The figure oTXady Monson rose, pale and veiled, ont of the companion hatch. She did not observe ua, and approached the part of the deck where we were seated, courted haply by the deeper dye the shadow of the mainsail put into the atmosphere about , it. I . was struck by the majesty of her gait, by the tragic dignity of her carnage as she advanced,.' fating the planks with a subtlety of movement that made her form look' to glide wraith-like. _ The sweet heart at my side shrank with so dear a suggestion of alarm in her manner that I took her handand held it. Lady Monson drew close—so close without seeing us that I believed die was walking in her deep, but she caught ; sight of us then and instantly flung with an expressible demeanour of temper and aversion to the other side of the deck, which site paced, -going afterwards to the rail and overhanging it, motionless as the quarterboat that hung a little past her. " She frightens me!" whispered Laura ; "ought I to join her? .Oh, cruel, cruel, that she should hate me so bitterly for her own acts ! 7 ' ' Why should you join her ? She does not want you. The heat has driven her on deck, and she wishes to muse and perhaps moralise over the colonel's grave. Why are you afraid of .her ? " " Because I am a coward." Just then Finn came along. He went np to Lady Monson and I saw his figure stagger against the starlight when he discovered his mistake. He peered about and then came over to us, breathing hard and polishing his forehead. " Nigh took the breath out of my body, sir," he exclaimed in a hoarse whisper ; "actually thought it was your honour, so tall she be. Well, I've arranged everything, sir, and a lookout '11 be established soon arter the cabin light's turned down." Laura suddenly rose and wished me good-night. I could see that Lady Monson's presence rendered her too uneasy to remain on deck, so I did not press her to stay, though I remembor heartily wishing that her ladyship was still on board the 'Liza Bobbins. She continued to hold her starless posture at the bulwark rail as though she were steadily thinking herself into stone. But for her contemptuous and insolent manner of turning from us I believe I should have found spirit enough to attempt a conversation with her. It was not until four bells thjit she rose - suddenly from her inclined attitude as though startled by the clear echoing chimes. Past her the sky was dimly reddening to the moon whose disc still floated below the horizon, and against the delicate, almost dream-liko flush, I perceived her toss up her veil and press her hands to her face. She then veiled herself afresh, came to the companion and disappeared. Was it remorse working in her, or grief for her foundered colonel, or some anguish born of the thought of her child ? Easier, I thought, to fathom with the sight the mysteries of the ooze of the blade, vaporous-looking surface that our keel was scarce now wrinkling than to penetrate the secrets of a heart as dark as hers ! Half-an-hour later I quitted the deck, and as I passed through the cabin nodded to Cutbill» who sat awkwardly and with a highly embarrassed air with his back upon the cabin table, commanding the after cabins—a huge salt, all whiskers, wrinkles, and muscle. CHAPTER XXVIL A DEAD CALH. I WAS up and about a great deal during the night. It was not only that the heat murdered sleep ; there was something so Ominous in the profound stillness which fell upon our little ship that the mind found itself weighed down as with a sense of misgiving, a dull, incommunicable dread of approachable calamity. Of the dead calm at sea I was by no means ignorant ; in African and West Indian waters Ihad tasted of the delights of this species of stagnation over and over again. One calm, I remember, came very close to realising Coleridge's description, or rather the description that the poet borrowed from the narrative of old Sir Ricliard Hawkins preserved in the foxed and faded pages of the Bev. Samuel Purchas. The water looked to be full of wriggling fiery creatures burning in a multitude of colours till the surface of the sea resembled a vast, ghastly prism reflectingthe lights of some hellish principality, deep sunk in the dark brine- But I never recollect the ocean until this night as without some faint heave of swell ; yet, after the weak draught of air had utterly died out, somewhere about midnight, the yacht slept upon a bosom as stirless as the surface of a summer lake. There was not the lightest movement to awaken an echo in her frame, to run a tremor through her canvas, to nudge the rudder into the dimmest clanking of its tiller chains. The effect of such, a hush as this at sea is indescribable. On shore, deep in the country, far distant from all hum of life, the stillness of night is a desired and familiar condition of darkness ; it soothes to rest ; whatever vexes it is a violence ; the sweeping of a gale through biasing and roaring trfces, the thunder of wind in the chimney, the lashing of the windows with hail and rain, the red bolt of lightning to whose hue the bedroom glances in blood to the eye of its disturbed occupant ; all this brings with it an element of fear, of sometih ing.miURwJ, out of keeping, out of nature almost / But at seait is tiw othèr way about. Tîs the- dead calm':that Is unnaturaL It is as though the mighty forces of heaven and ocean had portentously sacked in their breath in anticipation of the shock of conflict, as a warrior filin his lungs to. the full, and then-holds his wind whilst he waits the cry of charge. I tried to sleep, but could not, and hearing one o'clock struck^on the forecastle, dropped out of my bank for ten minutes of fresh air on deck. Cutbill sat with his back against the table ; the small flame of the lamp that hung without the least vibration from the cabin ceiling gleamed in the sweat-drops that coated his face as though oil had been thrown upon him. I said softly, pausing a moment to address him : "A wonderfully still night, CutbilL" " Never remember- the like of it, sir," he answered in a whisper that had a note of strangling in it, with his effort to subdue his natural tempestuous utterance. " All quiet aft ? " "Asa graveyard, sir." " In case Sir Wilfrid Monson should look out and see you, what excuse for being here has Captain Finn provided you with?" "Fm supposed to be watching the bayrometer, tor. If Sir Wilfrid steps out Fm to Beem to be peerii " 1 " if rd i "Ob, that'll do, I dare say," I exclaimed. "He may wonder, but that must not signify. Heaven grant, Cutbill, Wrea S d W ^ ^ p j l t T X e riSt sort of night^too, to make ^one feel the ness of Bailors -when deprived of their little machinmy for fighting it ; and what •I say is a misgiving under such riicaça stances ought to serve ub as a <»nvici£on •—bo keep » bright lookout, CutbilL Nothing iB going to happen, I dare say but our business is to contrive that The huge fellow lifted hia enormous hand very respectfully to his glistering forehead and I passed on to the deck. The moon shone brightly and her reflection lay upon the sea like a leaguelong fallen column of silver, with the ocean going black as liquid pitch to the sides of the resplendent shaft." Not a wrinkle tarnished that prostrate pillar of light : not the most fairy-like undulation srf water pat «a instant's warping, for the space ofa foot, into it. I set the mainmast heal by a Etai" and watched it, and the trembling, greenish, lovely point of radiance hung poised as steadfastly on a line with the truck as though it were some little crystal laïnp fixed to an iron epike uplhere. I jpSsd Jacob Crimp near the wheel, but î fcÉl«oine up to breathe and not to talk. Ideeired to coax a sleepy humour into meand guessed thatthat end would be defeated by a chat with the surly little sailor^ with ifhom I rarely exchanged a few, sentences without finding myself drifting into an argument. So I lay over thè rail striving fa)cool my hot face with the. breath off the surface of the black profound that lay like a sheet of dark, trngleammg mirror beneath. On a sudden I heard a great sigh out in the gloom. I was as though some slumbering giant had fetched a long, deep, tremulous breath in a dream. I started, for it had sounded close, and I looked along the obscure deck forward as if, forsooth, there was any sailor on board whose respiration could rise to such a note as that ! In a mome I spied a block of blackness Slowly melting ont like a dve of ink upon the indigo of the -water with the faint flash of moonthought I $ and stared jaboiJTme*for oïïiérs, bat.no more showed, and the pi»* digious midnight hush seemed to float down again from the stars like a sensible weight with one wide ripplefrom where the great fish had sunk, creeping like a line of oil to the yacht's side and melting soundlessly in her shadow. This grave- like repose lasted the night through, and when early in the morning, awakened by the light of the newly risen fain, 1 mounted to the deck, I found the ocean stretched flat as the top of a table, the sky, of a dirty bluish haze, thickening doYm and merged into the ocean line so you couldn't see where the horizon Vas, save just under the sun where the head of the misty white sparkle in the water defined the junction. It baffled Wild bothered the sight to look into the tiist&ïLee, so vaporous and heavy it all was, with a dull blue gleam here and there Vipon the water striking into the faintness like a sunbeam into mist, and all close to, as it seemed, though by hard peering you might catch the glimmer of the calm past the mixture of hazy light and hues where sea and sky seemed to end. Jacob Crimp had charge. I asked him if all had been quiet below in the cabin. "Ay," he answered, "I've heard of hothen to the contrairy. Her ledship Came oîi deck during the middle watch «ad had a bit of a yarn with me." ** Indeed ! " said L "Yes, she scared me into a reg'larclam. I was standing at the rail thinking I see a darkness out under the moon as if a breath of wind were coming along, and a woice just behind me says : ' What's jour name ? Nigh hand tamed my hair white to see her, so quiet she came and hier eyes like corposants." "What did she talk about? " said I in a careless way. "Asked what the sailor was a-sitting in the cabin for. ' To prevent murder being done, ' says I. ' Minder ! 1 says she. ' Yes, says T, * and to' prewent this wessel from being set on fire and blown to yellow blazes,'says I, 'for God knows,' says I, 'what weight of gunpowder ain't stowed away forrards.' 'Who's agoing to do all this, ' says she ; so I jist told her that Sir Wilfrid had been took worse, and that the order had come forward that the cabin "was to be watched." "What did she say to that?" I exclaimed. "Why, walked to 'tother side of the deck and sot down and remained an hour, tail I reckoned that when she. went below she must ha' been pretty nigh streaming with dew. " What do you think of the weather, Mr. Crimp?" " It's agin nature," he answered. " Like lying off Blackwall for smoothness Taint going to last, though. Nothing that's agin nature ever do whether its weather, or a dawg with two tails, or a cat with height legs." " I wish you were a magician," said T, " I'd tassel your handkerchief for a strong breeze. A roasting day with a vengeance, and the firstof a long succession, I fear." At breakfast 1 told Miss Laura of Lady Monson's visit on deck in the middle watch, and the mate's blunt statement to her. " It was a mighty dose of truth to administer," said I. "She will pass some bad quarters of an hour, I fear. Think of old Jacob talking to her of murder and fire, and explosions unto yellow blazes, whatever fliat may mean, With lier husband sleeping rightabreast of her cabin and armed, as she must know-'" " Has he those pistols ? " she asked. " Yes," I answered, " I gave the case to one of the stewards toreturn to liîm, end now I am oorry I dM so." "Of course Henrietta will be frightened," she exclaimed. I do not envy her in her loneliness. Why should she refuse to see me? I easily understand her objection to showing herself on deck by daylight ; but I am lier sister ; I could sit with her ; I could Be company for lier, win lier perhaps," she said with a wistful look, " to something like a sighed deeply and There was Wit in his face which shocked me, but I could not explain wbât it was. i Yet lam not the least bit afiaid he will 1 commit any deed of violence. Let him be twenty times madder he now is, his heart is so tender, hîs fepiritso boy- |&e;, pore, honourable, there is so much of fcweefcnessaàd affectick in that I am certain his cruellest ri nm would be tempered by his qualities. I was grateful to bar for of iuy poor cousin, but I could not with her. The qualities she pinnedher faith to had Coffered him at afl events to shoot Colonel Hope-Kennedy and tomake nothing of the man's death. Yet, thought I, looking at her, seeing how this sweet little creature values, and to a large extent understands him, what devil's influence was upon the loving, large-hearted, child-. like man when he chose the other one for bis wife ? But, fond of hitp and sorry for him as 1 was, I could not have wished it otherwise—lor my sake fifeall events ; though on her part it would have made her "'lier ladyship " and found her a husband whose brain I don't doubt might year by year have grown stronger in the cheerful and fructifying light of, her eorâial, sympathetic, radiant character. I looked in upon him after breakfast. Miss Laura wished to accompany me, but- I advised lier to delay her visit until I had ascertained for myself how he did. He was lying in his bunk, a large pipe ill his mouth, at which lie pulled so heartily that his cabin was dim with tobacco smoke. His cheek was supjjorted by his elbow and his eyes fixed upon liis watch, a superb gold timekeeper that dangled at the extremity of a heavy chain hitched to a little hook screwed into the dcek over lus head. On the bade of this watch were his initials set jn brilliants, and these gems made the gcflden circle show like a little body of light as it lmug motionless before his figent gaze. He Sid not turn Iue head wMh I opened the d&tf;, then lo6kt& at tuo in an absent-minded way when I was jairl- entered. ; v "Ah ! " he exclaimed languidly, " it is ybu, Charles. Yon promised to sit with \- last night b the heat below was unthe watch to observe if there is any movement in the yacht. She is motionless. Mark it. There is not a hairbreadth of vibration. We are afloat, of «ourse ? " he -said, suddenly looking at me. " I hope bo," said I. "Afloat ? Why what do you suppose, Wilf ? That we've gone to the bottom ?" "It would be all one for me," he answered with a deep sigh, and then applying himself to his pipe again with a sort of avidity that made one think of a hungry baby sucking at a feeding bottle. He clouded the air with tobacco smoke and said : "I am heartily weary of life ! " "And "why?" cried I : " because we are in & dead calm with the equator dos aboard. The very deep is rotting? A calm of this kind penetrates through the pores of the slnn, enters the soul and creates a thirsty yearning for extinction. Being younger than you, Wilf, I give my self another twelve hours, and then, if no breeze blows, I shall, like yon, be weary of life ind desire to die." " It is easily managed," said he. . "Yes," cried I, startled, "no doubt, But the weather may change, you know," and not at all relishing his remark t nor the looks that accompanied it I seized toy hat and fell to fanning the atmosphere with the notion of expelling some of the tobacco smoke through the open porthole. "I am of opinion," said he, puffing nt and dropping his words alternately with the clouds he expelled whilst he kept his eyes fixedupon his watch, " that, spite of the arguments of the divines, life is a free gift to us to be disposed of as we may decade. Nature is invariably compensative. We are brought into tiifa world without our knowledge and therefore, of course, without our consent, d'ye see, Charles," and here he rolled his eyes upon me, " and by way of balancing this distracting obligation of compulsory being, nature says you may do what you like with, existence : keep it or part with it." "Isay, Wilfrid," said I, "there are surely more cheerful topics for an equinoctial dog-day than this you have lighted on. 1 Don't speculate, my dear fellow ; leave poor old nature alone. Take short views, and let the puzzling distance unfold and determine itself to your approach. It is the wayfarers who decline to look ahead, who whistle as they trudge along the road of life. The melancholy faces are those whose eyes are endeavouring to see beyond the horizon towards which they are advancing. Tell me now—about this cabin door of yours. My dear fellow, it must be big enough this morning to enable you to pass through ; so coine along on deck, will you, Wilfrid ? " "Damn it, how blind you are!" he exclaimed. " No, I'm not," said I. " D'ye mean tosay that you can't see what's happened to me since we last met?" "Whatnow, Wilfrid?" "What now?" he shouted. "Why, man, I can't stand upright." "Why not?" I asked. " Because I'm too tall for this cabin," he answered in a voice of passion and grief. ' "Pray when did you find that out?" said I. " On rising to dress myself this morning," he answered, "I was obliged toclothe myself in my. bunk. What a dreadful blow to befall a man ? I can't even quit my bed now, and everything I want must be handed to me." ' Well, well ! thought I ; God mend him soon. Hot as it was, a chill ran through me to the crazy, wistful, despairful look he directed at me, and I was oppressed for a moment with the same sickness of heart that had visited me during my interview with him on the preceding day. "I had resolved to sell the Bridé," said he mournfully, putting his pipe into a shelf at the back of him and folding his hands, which seemed to me to have grown thin and white during the past few days, upon his breast, "but I shan't be able to do so now." I was silent. "She will have to be broken up," he added. " Nonsense ! " I exclaimed. " But I say yes ! " he suddenly roared ; " how the devil else am I to get out of her ! " "Oh, I see!" I answéred soothingly, " I forgot that. But, Wilf, since you're too big to use this cabin for the present only, for I am certain you will dwindle to your old proportions before long, don't you think you ought to havean/itfendant constantly with you, some one at hand sitting here to wait upon you ? " " Why, yes," said he, " no doubt of it. I am almost helpless now. But I'll not have that rascal Muffin." "No, no," said L "Nor would the stewards make the sort of servants you want. If I were in your place I should like to be waited on by a couple of jolly hearty sailors, fellows to take turn and turn about in looking after me, chaps •with their memories full of long yarns, unconventional, sympathetic, no matter > how rough their maimers, agile, strong as horses with lively limbs, used to springing about. One or two such men axe to be met forward amongst your crew." "A good idea," he cried. "Gad! after my experiences of Muffin I'd rather be waited upon by the tamest of tany tarpaulins than one of your sleek, soft- < stepping, trained rognes who come, and ask you for a situation with an ensilent 1 character in one pocket from their late master, and in the other the contehts of his dressing-case. Ha, ha, ha ! " and here he delivered one of his short roars of' laughter. (To be continued.) 