THE FAD GROOM'S STORY. " It always beats me, Mr. Bloas," ob- Bervcd Skinner, tbe saddler in the High street, one evening, addressing a smart, dapper looking personage, who could not honestly be mistaken for anything but what he waa — u swell. stud groom. " It always beats mo howtbedickins it is that your lady has never married. With such a face and such a figure, not to mention her seat on 'ossback and hor hands, it cer tainly is a marvel that nobody's wanted to pop her with double harness long bofore this., The way Bhe had the field the other day in . that good thing my lord's 'ounda 'ad from Stoppingion woods did my art good to see, that it did. I think I see her now a comin' at the Soushan brook, 50 miles an hour, and yet with her 'osb well in band all tbe time. It was a rare treat, that's what it was, and nothing bet it." > " It ain't been for want of askin" Mr Skinner, you may depend," replied th- other. "Bless ye, she's 'ad lioffors by the score before now, and not ono of 'em with a ghost of a chance if they lionly knew. No, no'!' Sin glo Bhe is, and single she's likely to remain, you may be sure There was never but one in the running and he's been underground, poor feller this 10 years. It was a sad story, very, sad," said Mr. Bloss, shaking his.head in a melancholy manner the while he took a solemn gulp at his gin and water." " Ah ! I thought probably thore was a reason," replied the saddler, " most. of us, 'ave a ekelinton in tho cupboard I oipectj if we only knew."'' " P'raps," ; added ho, looking slyly round at the company, " you wouldn't mind relatin' the piroumstanco to us, Mr. Bloss, if not of too .private a nature.'', . "Hear, hoar," pronounced tho oom pany, and, very properly put, Mr. Skinner, sir," from Dronor, tho vet. "I'm quite agreenblo, I'm sure, gen tlemen,' said_ the swell groom politely, and suiting his action to the word, ho at onco plunged into tho following etory. : — "A "WOMAN'S REVENGE." It is just 13 years ago, gentlemen, como next July, that I took service with Hies Coverley or . rather I should say, with Squire Oovorloy, her father; my duties being to superintend her horses only, and attend her in hor . rides and pilot her when she wont hunting, as the Squire, owing to his /increasing years having givon up riding to hounds, though he had the reputation of having boon as hard as any of 'em in his day. Pilot her, did I say ? I should like to see the man who could follow her, let alone pilot her, or como near it if it comes to that 1 he'd be a somothing out of tho common way, I fancy. I knew it was as, muoh as I could do, light weight as I was (I'm not any heavier now, if it comes to that, Mr; Bloss remarked paren thetically it's he east an endearing glance at his tight trousered : legs, .which, wore decidedly of' the '.broomstick", order), to! live with her| and osjfor.piloting her, well' I should havo been precious sorry to try,, that's all. - I fdnoy I 'dam ride a bit too.1 I did ought to qiiyhoW ; for I began life: aB a lad in the racing stables at New market ; and afton that rode second 'oss to Sir Gilbert Northcote in 'Leicestershire for five years beforo I got to be his stud- groom, 'only leaving him at his doath, whon I weiit'to Squire Covorly as I havo just told you. Fairfield Hall, where the Squire and his daughter lived all by themselves, was situated in the heart of ono of tho best hunting counties in England. Nearly all grass it was, and tho fences as big as the fields, which was saying a good deal, I can toll you. Three packs of houads were within reach, so that we had no difficulty in hunting six days a week. Not that there would havo been much difficulty in any case, for sooner than not hunt Miss Covorly would have .got up in the middle of tho night I verily boliove. Distance was no object with her, lean tell you, nor weather either. Nothing but the hardest . of frosts stopped us, I do assure you. "Well, I really don't think I ovor was so happy in my life bofore. I might almost say I lived tho lifo of a gentleman. Bond of hunting, fonder Btill of riding ovor a country, mounted on horsos with quality enough about 'em for a king to rido, tho best of good living, nnd lastly a mistress who anyone, I don't care who, would have been proud to sorve; what more could a man want? As I havo said, I shall have lived in hor service now (and I believe I have given every satisfaction) going on for 13 years, and I wish for nothing bettor than to end my days in it. I'm not the only one as says that, either. I don't bolievo there's a dependent bo- . longing to her, of any sort, who wouldn't die for her willingly to-morrow, that I don't. And the poor people all round about ber own neighbourhood just the same. Though she has lot the hall ever since the sad event I'm going t tell you about happened, she never forgets tbe old people. They have the coals and tho blankets and tho beof every Christmas just the same as if she was there. If there's any particular case of distress in tho village, tho parson has only got to write, and it is relieved at once. " Do your ' furriners ' go onliko that ?" demanded Mr. Bloss, with a snort of de fiance. "Not they! and if anybody was to tell mo as they did, I shouldn't beliovo them, so it's all tho same." "Well, gontlomon, you all of you know her by sight, so I neodn't onlargo about her looks. Anyhow, I fancy you will all agree that so far as boauty goes, she is very hard to beat. I only wish you could havo soon hor 13 years ago, and I think you would have said, a more lovely young lady you never clapped eyes on. The beauty is thoro still — where I should like to ask would you match thoso violet eyes of hors, and that chestnut hair ? but tho happy expression she used to wear so perpetual is gone — that's where it is — gone, never to roturn, I very muoh fear. I don't think I ever bow in Leicestershire or nnywhoro elso, so many hard riding ladies ns there were in our part of tho world, hut not ono of 'om, bless yo, could como nigh us, much less, " cut us down and 'angus up to dry," ns the saying is. I rather think, indeed, that it was an un derstood thing among tho ladies of the bunt that tboy recognised our superiority. And sbo was so sweot witb it all, tbat it was impossible far ono to bo jealous. I think thoy woro all too fond of her for that. There was ono exception though, and that was Miss Lvlo, of Crow- borry Park — a woman of thirty I should say, and a great heiress. I for get how much she came into at her father's death, but it was a rare sum of money. She wasn't bad looking was Miss Lylo, in fact some people would call berhandsomo, but sbo always carried a cross, discontented look on her face, and I've seen those black eyebrows of hors contract when anything went wrong out hunting, such as being crossed at a fonco or her horse perhaps not balancing him self sb he ought, in a manner that boded ill for somebody. Sho was a splendid horsewoman, and as jealous of us, bloss you, as possible. I've seen hor grind her teeth and turn white with passion whon, as was frequently the case, we got the brush given to us. I shall never, if I live to be as old as Methusalom, forget a scene at tho end of a run with tho Duko of Downshire's hounds ono day soon after I went into thoso parts. "\Vo had had a very fast thing from Bless- in gton Gorse — five and forty minutes as hard as ovor we could go, wind ing up with a kill in the open. We had gone as usual owdaoious,.and close to our skirts all tho way was Miss Lylo, rid ing as jealous as blazes. She did all she know to get on terms with us, but she never quite managed it, though she was on her best horse, I beuove. "We had to follow her throughout. You soo, whoro her fault lay was the want of knowledge of paco, and lack of judgment in taking hor fences, and those were the very two pointewhere we excelled sol I ofton used to say to myself as I watched her in a run, sailing away, apparently in an easy cantor, . but in reality going at a thundering pace that few could keep up with. " What a splendid steeplechase ridor you'd havo mado, miss, if you'd boon horn a man ! " to be continued To-sionnow. 