TOWN TALK. That the "T.T." man in sorry that the cab and 'bus men have found it neceessary to strike. That that gentleman, having looked into the matter thoroughly, is candidly of opinion that they probably did the beet thing they could do under the circumetances. That, if they had not struck, negotiations tetween them, the Council, and the Bondanba Boqard would have probably dragged them. selves, like a woneded senake, along. That, now the public are subjected to a great deal of inconvenience, the senburban retidente may arise and see what they can do in the matter. that the "T.T." man w:shee them heaps of luck. That, if the members of the Board and of the Council were obliged to come in and go out ol town several times a day in the 'buses, or else ' pad the hoof," the hitch would soon be straightened out. That. so far, the strikers have conducted their affaires in a fires classe business manner, That their action in allowing blMesnere. Ed ward and Johnston to go on with their respeutive contracts was extremely credstable. That it is rather hard to sit down and match other people turning an honest penny while oneself is prevented from earning so much as an honebt farthing. That the indulgence thus shown by thebo new union in this respect to their comrades evinces a self sacrflioing spirit that is truly commend able. That the youg: a3esciation may cow consider that it has received the " T.T." man's blessing. That it is evident that a large number of ratepayers in No. 3 eubdivislon of Buondanba have an idea that the time has arrived when the Board should be taught a few of their duties. That the writer of this column is ever much inclined to agree with them. That several of the snggeetlone in the big petition presented on Saturday last have his hearty support. That there are two things connected with that petition, however, which have caused him tome surprise. That ounein that the petitioners, having learnt about the £1100to No e's credit, did not insist upon its being spent on the roads, as designed by the people who gave it, and as intended by the Di.isional Boards Act. That tee other thing that ssearprisee him is that onillita, while also in full knowledge of the existence of thas £1100, should say that there was no morn?y available. Great Ciner'. ghost I listen to tlat. I That surely £1100 is enough in a small way, and surely the halpy (or rather unhappyl sub. division that hbee o;ntamount would no; objeot to a couple of hundred being lens for each a mnlually benefit nag purpose as bthe building of an office. Teat the ratepayese lenn that way, at all evente, whatever their three memb:ra may think onthe matter. That, at the ''T.T." has already said, the ratepayers seem disposed to asneatrt themaeven a little more than they hlave done hitherto; and the "1:.T." is with them every time. That the townapeople are highly phlased that their foo.ballers came off coequerora in tw" places at once on Saturday last. That this shoes what can be done, bet very often is not done. That the " 't'.T." man makes a solemn ap peal to the foothallenrs (laying his hand rever ently on the sacred bones of their ancestore) not to allow themselvesa to be thumped, and their town disgraced, so often as was the case in dayn gone by. That, if they only devote themselves to training and to the game, and play copelher, there is nothing in the Queensland divineon ol this terrestrial Ilarl that can ever knock themn out. (This advice applies mostly to Rugby m.oen, by the way.) Tuat knowing thi (whiebh they themsetvee know), it is with bitter regret that the great public teacoher has read of former defeats. eauch as wa seustained by the Rangers over the challenge cop, last yoar. That, while it is hoped that the players will improve, it is also to be hoped that the on. lookers will do ditto. That the behaviour of, at least, some of them, on Saturday last, would bring disecredit upon blacks. That, judging from appearances. Brasall must be a good place for cattle to live away from. That things there, on rif8e.practice days, are certainly b·tter than they used to be. That some little time beck it was humans that were in danger-now it is their stock. That this, doubtless, is an improvement on the old system, but further improvement is necesary, as people not only desire their own lives to be spared, but also the livts of their animals. That Mr. Jasper Keeop does not appear to have taken up the lady's challenge yegt. That It he is not mighty careful be will be knocked out in a side.-countest before he has completed his training for the primary msatci. Teat if Mr. Koop does not believe this he can soon latisly hibnlelf as to the truth of it by aommunicotlug with several members of the Goolnan Board. That it is reiorted that thesaid Board have a most extraordinary way of eflfeting repairs. T ht it is said when a dangerous or boggy plaoe is reported, the matter is of course held over until n-xt meeting. (One month gone.) That then the overoeer is directed to report upon it. (Two monthe gone.) That, when he reparts, tenders maoy be called for by next eeeeti? g. (Three monthe gone) That when the tenders are opened it as found that they are a few pdunde (or nhillinge) over the expected figure. Teat, forthwsith, fresh tenders are invited. (Four months gone.) That this sort of thing may "go on for ever," like the brook. That all these months the horses travelling on that places have to tug and strain a great deal more than is good for them. That the men driving them, although not compelled to do so, generally do curse to their heart's content, and they do this early and often during the four or more months. That it is astonishing how many agents the "T.T." man has. That, in this respect, he is better off than old " Prospero," who had only Caliban and Ariel to yanker for him. That the "T.T." man bMn alot oi carrier. pigeons, and it is surprising what they bring him sometimes. That, for instanoe, some time ago, he left his ooot-ird "Tattler" ?hy "Tast.bearer." im. ported, ex "Rumour," imported) down at Goodna. Teat yesterday "Tattler" was released, and came home like a flash (a mile under evens). Tat the message he brought was interesting, but rather mysterious. That it ran as follows:-" Friday, 2 20 p.m. Strange poisoning cane down here. Three very influential persons nearly kicked the bucket; but mum's the word." That this somewhat staggered the "T.T." men, particularly as the writing in the quill was rather hbzy, and he immediatcely cnught "Tattler," and smelt hie breath, to see if he had been drinking. Thlat there wse wasee no necessity for him to do that, however, as the bird (now the writer thielco of it) has been " tea-pot" all his life. That the time occupied in the journey, too, wa, against the uaspiicion, the message being writ:tn it 220 and the bird resching here exactly at 2 45, which (giving five minutes for the fixine of the quill an4 the titd) would leave the latter only twenty nsinutea to do the trip. That it willeonsequently be seen that "it had co time to tarry, it had no time to stay." That, if this poisoning bausiness occurred (as it meeust have done), how is that no news of it reached the "T. T'." man until yesterday, and then only be pigeon-poet ? That, farther, who the mischief are thes " three very iflo? ntiol persons ?" and why the mischief should "men" be the word ? That the "T.T." man does not know whether the moee'ge means that he should be "mum," or that the people who were poisoned want to keep " mum." That, any way. they were very nearly being rendered "mum" altogether. That, poerhaps, time, the great revealer5 will, at hie couvenience, throw a littlelighton the matter, as well es on that other mystery, the great Limestone Hill burglary, which seems to beforgotten already, That "the force of habit" was plainly shown on Thursday last. That, on that day. one of the hones lately working in a cab, instead of enjoying a well. earsed rest, got anout of its owner's lard, and came into Brisbane street. That it wheeled itself round the fountain, and took up s p'sition on the stand just as it it had the cab tacked on to it as snual. That each devotion to duty meoite at least an extra Teed of corn. 