1-loveUst. OR, A Battie With Death. A Love Story Founded on tlie Mys teries ot Theosophy and Transmigration. By FREDERIC 31 />/?!% An!nor ty '■ ICurha : cr. Rculu-it Cc^stivll's Tcsttimciilarij Request,'^ CIIA.PTEE I. THOSE EY1LS Of JJLAZIXG riUE, The story which I am about to relate is eo filled with mystery, eo replete with these things which the world calls impossibilities, that I can often find myself wondering if it can fee true. Can it be that I have dreamed it all, and by reason oi its constant aasooia- j tion with facts, hava thus taught myself io i believe it.' No.no! By my side eks Nadia, j and frost her lips cosae the repeated assur ance that it has been no dream. In the wondrous depth o£ her midnight eyes 1 eee that all has been reality. I know that I now dwell iu the perfect bliss of het love, and that I have only obtained it by arising, Pcceaix like, from thj ashes of the blighting, consuming fire which scarred "me, body and soul, beyond recognition. I can bear now the hissing of the flame, and can yet feel the ecorohing, withering heat that shot out from the woman with the burning eyee, her Nemesis and mine. " No, no! It has been no dream. It was all too horrible, tGO terrible, too real! I have lived it through ; 1 have borne the tests; I have fought the dread battle with dark mystery for a foe, and I have been vic torious. From out the maze of sua ok e and heat, the terror of the dread duel to the death, where in the woman-fiend was eo often, for a time, the victor, I have issued unscathed; and as I look back upon that strange chapter of my . life,and bring to mind (he wonderful power of i my steadfast friend, who so magically pene- : trated the mysteries that would otherwise' have engulfed me, as I recall the almost im possible achievements of hie occultism, his knowledge of the black arts of Hindoo lane, I start yet again with wonder and alarm,and it is not till I feci her arms twining around my nesk, until her warm, red lips are pres sing mine, that 1 am assured that I do not sleep, that I have not been dreaming, that I may not soon open my eyes to find that I am still alsnc in ray studio, in the fading light of day, unloved, sad, and with passing hours becoming more and more a confirmed dreamer, But 1 will tell the story in detail; I will unfold it, page by page, incident by inci dent ; and perhaps the recital, the careful re tro peef, may help to drive away the fancies which the terror and the horror of it ail have 80 firmly impressed upon me. I sat alone in my studio just a3 day was merging into night—alone with the ghosts which my fancy wrought upon each half finished canvas, aa the eddying light of that dying day became with each moment more and more 6V:athed in shadow. I wa3 rapidly becoming a victim of melancholia ; my gaiety had turned, during the past few months, into motoseness, my high sprits into bitter dissatisfaction and petulance. The day, which was just drawing to B close, had been one of bitter disappointment to me, for I had seen the honor which my ability bad rightfully won deliberately awarded to another. Outwardly I remained calm, but upon returnicg to my studio 1 had thrust my hand and arm through the canvas upon which my greatest effort had been growing day by day for weeks. I had ruined the psictirg effectually, and then, with & grin cf satlrfacticn, I had lighted my pipe and thrown luystif into the lounging chair before the window, where I sat watching the sunset tints and bitterly wondering if those Eame connoisseurs who had condemned me would not also have passed by those golden clouds with which Nature's brush had eo grandiy decorated the skr. As ! watched the gorgeous coloring, the strip of gold-hued cloud, I became imbued with the idea that Fate had placed it there as a promise for my future ; but I laughed aloud, ironically, at the thought, while I muttered savagely: " Although it is gold now, should I but touch it, it would turn to brass on the instant." Still I could not drive away the thought; it was pleasant to dream upon, and bo I allowed my fancy to build its castles in the air. Suddenly there was a sharp rap upon the panel of my door. It came bo unexpectedly and broke in to rudely upon my dreaming that I had leaped to my feet before I realised the nature cf the alarm £ For a moment I thought that I would make no response. I was not in the mood to entertain, and still less to tear the pity ing condolences of some artist friend, who had frofc:ibly called for the purpose oi mourning with me over my defeat. As I stood in the centre of the floor, undecided whether to admit my caller or not, the rap £ was repeated, and that &la.rm; was eo much f loud«=r than Uiepr.:ceding one had been, that V I hesitated no longer, b'-it stepped quickly 1 . forward r.ji-1 threw cpmi the door. =** With a loud Pry 1 staggered back, and ^ stood staring i lLiglitedly into the black darkness cf the corridor, for there- before me, were two balia of living fire, glowing, sparkling, Currirp. They hia/.sd upon me fro.u the darl nerr, j: ■ though fismc wild beast of fhc jangle, were crouching there, ready to ppring upon and devour mo. In deed, that was the first eeusation of which I was conscious, and the next one came when a voice—a woman's voice—addressed me : " I* thi« the studio of 3Ir. C-jngdan ?" " It is." 1 replied, in a low tone, not yet haviig rrcoverfd djv wit?, and mentally chidicg niv own 'oily and s'upidity. " Will you walk in ?" Sac er '«H -a tail figure habited entirely in black—snd I oouM noi help shuddering as j she drew neat io sne, just as though her ( wry presence bad brought a dread with it J —a premonition or coming evil. J I hurriedly lighted the gas, feeling thciihe j datkucs was the ciuse c£ my fancies,! and then turned to c-fibr my visitor a | chair. J Bat again I started violently. for tho face that I b&w; before me was so sirange, so un natural In its death-like lividnese. Her complexion, though dark almost to swart'ai ness, had absorbed a pallor which reminded me of a ehess o£ parchment buned fur ages in some ioinotlen tomb, only to be at last ex humed, yellowed by a thousand years of time. The coloring cf her face was as noifciug, however, and I would have speedily for gotten it had not her jetty hair set it off bo strangely, so vividly. liat when my glance 1 met tiers—when 1 looked into her eyes I stood appalled. They literally burned, and with a fire eq intense that I involuntaiily put UP I515" hands, rs though to bar out the heat that must be emitted frora them. 1 was repelled yet fascinated. I ionged to fly from the blazing fury which seemed ever ready to dart out upon Eie, and yet 1 feii irresistibly drawn nearer and nearer. I was terror stricken, yet charmed, I did not speak—I csuld not. The room grew suddenly hot and stifling. my breath came with difficulty, and L L 7 . u-3 feeling that ray senses were in some unaccountable manner being stolen from me. (Sararaoniajj all my energies Tviili one i mighty effort, I turned to the window and I drew down ihe oortain. The diversion re lieved .me, the oppressive sensations were gonj, so that when I agsin faced my gnest I believed that cay imagination had played me a trick, for the fire had died out of her strange, dark 1 eyes, leaving them dim and almost expree { sioniess, while around the corners cf her mouth there played a peculiar smile, as though in the brief interval during which she had been with me some query that had been upon her mind waa inactively an- j swsred I was impressed with the idea that, j Loweve? she ra?ghs state the cbjrct Gf her j call,thcr3 was some hidden inteEt Cehind it,of | which I was to become en unsuspecting, perhaps unconscious'victim. I felt a rtracgo, sadden chill steal over me—that thiver which children say is caused by the act of somebody in stepping upon cuci'ii future grave. "Mr. O'ougden," she said, " I have come hers upou the rccotnm^ndsttV.n cf one of your arti?i /fiends, a Mr. Juice Deloime." " Ah J" I replied, abruptly, for L Eaddenly remembered that £3 I waa leaving the Academy that cflernooa Jules had thrust a bit of folded paper into my hand, which I, in turn, had con-i^ncd to mj pcekc-i without reading, being too ;nuoh occupied by the bitterness of my own thoughts to think of it again. In all probability it referred to this call, and I wished that 1 had read it. How ever, I could do so as scon as I should be j again alone. "1 went yoa to paint a poi trait for me," Bhe continued, sinking into the easy chair against which my pipe was still Jpaning— " the portrait of one who is so beautiful that you have but to succeed in making s perfect piciure to become at onea famous." i bowed in reply, for I dared net speak; my heart was bounding with too much exul tation. It was the very opportunity for which I had loi'g^d. " You v ill Jiave but iiiila time in which to accomplish the task set for you,1'she went on in a low monotone which seemed peculiar to her : " three days at the most." " impossible 1" I exclaimed. " No artist j could do a portrait justice with only three ; sittings, and I least cf all." j She shrugged her shoulder?. j " Nothing ia impossible if the *.vill be but j strong enough. True, you wiil have your : model for only three sittings, but they way begin early and end at your own pleasure. May I depend upon you io paint th-? portrait, Mr. Congdon ? Wiil you do it " But there are others who possess much greater talent than I," I began with some hesitation, but she interrupted me quickly. "For my purposes," she said, in a low tone, " believe me, there ia no fas half as j capable as yourself. Will you do it i j She leaned forward a3 she asked the q«es- j j tion, and again for an instant her eyes < j blazed with that strange fire which rendered I j the atmosphere I breathed so hot and stifling. " Can it be a portrait of her own free?" I thought, for wiih ail the weirdness which seemed to be a part of her, there was yet a strange, wild beauty woven into her feature?. "Bat no," 1 half muttered in reply to my own thought, snd then I aas«*er<?d ha: aloud. " I will attempt it," I said ; and a strange, exulting smile illuminated her face for an in stant. " Tell mo, now, who and what is my model V I continued; and as I asked the j question my visitor's face lighted up yet once j again with that incomprehensible smile, j " Your model," she replied, ia a low tone [which thrilled me, "is one who since she first breathed the breath of life has lean my constant care. Sbe is beautiful, the perfec tion of creation. Were you gifted with the •magination of the gods of art and with the brush of Gu'^o, and could you sit her alone in your studio and transfer io canvas a por traiture of the acme of beauty, the pes ?ect ideal of loveliness, you would have no need to see your model, for her picture would | grow before your eyc-s." j She roso from her low seat in tho easy- j | chair, and laid a card upon the tabic, j and then glided rapidly towards the { door. j Pausing as she was about to pass through ! it, she said: " j " We wiil be ready for you at cine in the morning. The address is upon the} card." ~ j The dGot closed behind he~ and she was j gone, while I still remained seated upon the j stool in front of my easel, conscious thut I I had shown her but scant counc-sy, and j yet, for some reason, powerless to move. I-'or : a long time after she had left me 1 remained ] motionless, wondering in a dreamy sort of i way what it- ail meant; why I had been ] selected as tho artis; for this work when i there were so many with ready-made imputa tion who were certainly more capable. I wondered who my csJIer could be, snd why her presence had moved me so strangely. I anarvelled thas I, who believed mysc-lf so strong, had been so easily swayed by the wiil of a strange woman. My head throbbed with new sensations long after she had gone, while many misgivings presented themselves to my fanciful micd as I the possible consequence of her visiv. i At last I reached forwsris and took up the card which she had left upon the table, but as I glanced at it 1 felt a thriil of dis may. There was no name upon it—nothing but ! the address. The street and nutnfcsr were there plainly enough, but thai was all. I I did not yet know who my visitor was, nor j could I learn until tho morrow. She did not give me her name ; I had not j thought to ask it. In fact, the more 1 pon- j j dered over the oceurrcnea the morel became j convinced that in f^me way of which I was | totally ignorant my visitor had cotmpeilegJ me to remain satisfied with the little she ] choFC to tell me, and that my natural zeal j for learning, all Jha£ could be ,^<2arr^dJ regarding/ thfe Ippom^eiA &d; been pr-l gotten, i- i 3 '*« $ \ | Had l heen rcadethe victlfii of a hoax, or ; was my caller insane? Suddenly 1 remembered the note which j Jules had thrust into ray hand at the door of the Academy, and I drew it forth eagerly, I thinking that I would there find some es- j pi strati on cf the chain ofeircumstances. j iiut a new disappointment swaited Eic as I j read the.j '■Peak Bllkelt,—I have taken the liberty of recommending your name to a person who wishes a portrait of ibe most beautiful creature I ever saw. I declined the task. for reasons which you will under stand whe-n you see your model. I could not Lavs done the painting justice, but I am J convinced that you can. You know what a dread I have of anything out of the beaten track. I would say more if I could, but I hr.ve broken my word even now, for i pro mised to say nothing, and I am obliged tc confess that 1 do not even know the name of the person to whom 1 have recommended you. I hope that you wiU undertake the portrait and succeed well with it. " JcuiS Delokme." Fes a long time I pondered over the words which Jules had written. and then I tore up the note an.-] forgot it. I3ut I had decided to keep the appoint ment I had made, at all events. The morrow will reveal the mystery to me, if mystery there were, and 1 could wait. I turned out the light, and, taking my pipe once more, sat for a long time in the easy chair before the window, thinking-, doubting, wondering—" dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before," until at last my eyes closed, and then I dreamed indeed. I found myself suddenly in s briiliantJy lightea room, ctanding, brush in hand, before a monstrous eacel, which wa3 draped with long festoons c! cicpe. The very walla of the apartment were hung with the symbol of mourning, while the hush of death rested upon the eiient air, lle'ore me stood my model, a creature go ptrfect, so superbly beautiful, that I felt my own utter In ability to comprehend the loveliness of her esqr.iaite face. For many moments it eeemed as though I sat staring, enthralled and speechless, upon that vision of wondrous beauty, until st last, in desperation, I touched my brush to the canvas. On the instant the entire vision chacgcd, and instead of that form of magnificent splendor and perfect beauty, I saw before me the face of my late caller, But, in soma way, even that was transformed. The latent beauty or nobility which 1 had seen in it had fled, ana in iis place was the face c£ a woman-lien d. The burning eyes seemed, in my dream, literally to blase with lire, until the flames shot out of them and filled the room with a stilling heat. I gazed upon her, fascinated, for with every instant the face brfore me more and more reassurned the fea tures of the face that I had seen first, untii st last the radiance of that great beauty shone upon me again. But stop! and iu my dreata I seemed al most to held my breath for an instant. There was a difference! What was it ? The face which my vision pictured before me, and which I was to portray upon the eanv&s;, was that of my model; but even though I admitted that much, 1 felt assured that her soul had somehow gene out, and that the personality was that of the woman with the burning eyes. The faee was there, but the soul eeemed to have de parted. jigaia I lifted the brush and essayed to paint, but, aa the picture grew, I saw that 1 was dspicticg ibo livid pallor, the parch ment-like skin, and the burning, fiery j eyes o£ my caller instead of the face of my model. I cast the canvas aside, and hied again. The rcEult was the same. Again and yet again I renewed the attempt; but with every effort that- terrible isce grew more and more hideous, more and more frightful. It fcccatnc a menace ; it appalled me. I worked as I had never worked before, i strove with ali my might to paint the counterpart of the face of ray model, but it ever eeemed as though that hideous soul burned through the beautiful features, and I could depict nothing else. At last, in utter despair, I threw down my palette and brush, as, wiih a paroxysm oi rage. I tore the canvas into silms and stamped upon them. " Bring baok the soul_ that once dwelt be hind iho?e eye.?, and i will paint the por trait!" I cried, in my dream ;'' but I cannot cannot do it now !" Thr-n the ro3ni resGinidcd with a iauyh which filled me v.-jtli horror—a laugh d triumph, a irwuh of racnaco. II That 8ru! has lied, but mine is here," I heard the voice of a:y ealltr «n.y, in ti serein g tonep. Paint that <:.No, no!" 1 erii-cl : ' I ear-not! J wiil sesrch for the othtr ! 1 wi!i find it ! liven though it has been carried ac-reaa Styx into the regions of daiknessl v.-ill find it and brina ii back " Fool!" returned the woman. ' In searching for that you will lose your owe, j S:ay and paint the picture as you find it.'' 1 33ut I paid r.o heed to her v'ords. I dsited away out cf the room, followed by her de- j risiva laugh. ' '■ She is a fiend," I cried—" r, fiend I " aa i j hurried on, j And tliere my dream ended, and *11 onc-a more became a bl3nk. I tlept. j 