A I -RB K A1K"D. The literal moaning.ef the seIb "Fair,"' In its tacrmertal sense, Is a "fits i? tt." In ether wOrds,; af:' efr can.? parket wnhirb all and every at pu aikeelur not ltiouo being nsubjected . fee wr tn, kid olio where "al nd every san fell with eut any uach dismlbillte as attich to ordinary tmaikete. At one ftiMe the fairs in England wero treat felatrei- in *b social and industrial life of the poople; but, since the establishment of railways, and the quicker inte.communicaton whtah has resulted, these fairs have pretty well died out, amatter pcrhaps for regret, in some respects, 5t inevitable under tile changed conditions of the national life. Here n Australia fairs are unknown. Indeed verylittlo ofthe old fashlioned methods obtain in thesoe fast go-a-head colones. Life Is not so slow and lethargic as in Europe, and business is done with a movement and force to which, oven in this day, few provincial folk in the old country are accustomed. This, however, is a ncoessity, following upon our freer and more prosperous coaditi mn, as well as the awakened energies and intelligence of the last half century. Life, too, though longer in its avetnge than our worthy forefathers enjoyed, is still too short for slow or cumbrous methods ; and the art now i. sought in all directions to do as much in an hour as 100 years ago was accomplished in a week. This, however, is not a matter for marvel. If we live . at higher pressure, we obtain higher rewards than the old folk could possibly earn. The average earning capacity, and therefore of expenditure, is a hundred fold greater, and is more equally distributed than in those "good old days" which sentimentalists are continually regretting-people, by the way, who are of similar sapless constitution to that of Lord Manners who wrote : " Let cience, learning, arts and commerce die, But give us back our own nobility." People nowadays have money to spend, and as educa tion and a higher intelligence have taught them how to spend it wisely, we find great establishments, such as Foy and Gibson's, of Smith street, Collingwood, springing into existence, whoseo pupose it is to supply to a well-to-do population, the comforts, the necessaries, the elegaucies and refinements of homne life. Here we pause to make a conrection. We have said that fairs are unknown in Australia. VWe are wrong. At this present moment, the flrn we have mentioned, Messra. Foy and Gibson, are conducting a gigantic Fair, and to use a graphie, though perhaps somewhat vulgar, expression, "it is a sight 'to do solo eyes good." Any theatrical manager who may happen past Mrescr. Foy and Gibson's great shops during the day must, indeed, have a largo and generous mind if he forbear from a sigh of envy as he notes the throng and press of people into and out of those places. All moved by the one impulse-an eager desire to avail themselves of th advantoges offered by Foy and Gibson to purchasers during their great Fair. To the benevolent mind it must give pleasure to refleet that at least 00 per cent. of these crowds amre rendered happier by their'attendance at this Fair. The young wife who bas bhecmo possessed of one of those elegant mantles, of ghiech such numbers of surpassing beauty and grace are exhibited, will have a sweeter temperand more contented spirit timn has hitherto ruled her. The matron who has secured one of those splendid Brussels carpets at 4t. 0d, per yard will feel a greater pride than ever in her home. The country gentleman who has ps emhased his suites of furniture for the home to which he shall presently conduct eis bride, is filled with a sense of importance and responsibility, to which hitherto, during his shiftlesoslovenly bachelor days, he has been an utter stranger. In a word, it is) ;impossible for a reflecting observer to look on at the ceaseless influx and out - flut of visitors to this show to be insensible to the cireumstance that these fairs serve a higher purpose than perhaps over entered into the calcula tions of the originators themselves. We do not sup poso that fessrs. Foy and Gibson, when contemplat ingtbc establishment of these fairs, took into rec koning the philanthropic aspect of the matter. "But as a rule moral good follows upon all honourable en terpriee, and Messri. Foy and Gibson when they reckon their profts, may, if theyplease, add to them the important, though intangible balance a' in creased popular contentment. There is another lessontolearn fromtheso fnirs, and that is, that in the hands of capable nmen, no affairs, however intricate or complicated, amre beyond the influence of method. The rules by which this great establishment is governed, are oven as the laws of the Medees nad l'ershms. A fixed system-result of long experience-and, large business ex perience, controls every detail of the busi-. ness, so that matters go on like machinery, and to our mind, with much of the throb and pulse of the steam engine. Some ideamay be formed by those wlho have never visited Foy and Gibson's premises of their size when we infbrm them that the frontage extends 220ft. to Smith etrset, and that there is a depth to Little Oxford" street of 200ft. The great show rooms, 1l"'1 with theloostlics of feminine raiment are enlorlmous apartments. We wonder if ghosts of departed bhelles assemble here o' nights and, amidst dainty silks and velvets, and laces, and other bewildering matters, taste again some slight flavour of the delightbswhich once moved them in the flesh. We do not believe in ghosts, but, as we have Mr. Slmkcspeare' authority that there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy, it may be on the crnds that ghosts of er parted fair ones do revisit these scenes of first delights and mingle in spiritual sympathly with thie subsotantial throng at Foy and Oibson's Fairs. •eaple-- ladics in partieular-who wanot a new osensation, o:ghit to spend an hoer or two at Foy and *itson's Fair; and if they, having done so, do not nperience a sensation as of one who has behleld a new revelation, all weo ean say is that they must be very blaed and played out. For such people thlere is but -oe resou'ce-pratret-mcdicines.-r-AnD'T. 