mi = Story Column. St. Cutlibert's Tower Br FLORENCE WARDEN. Author oi " The House on the Marsh," So. tTlic solo riabt to publish this story In Briahsno tins boon purcbiifloii by the 2W igmph Nowspnpor Coinpuiiy from Osssell and Company, London and (fslbouruo.l Chapter YI. — An Oiijrotioxauli: Visitor. In spitoof nil her philosophy, of nil her fortitude, Olivia Denison could not deny, even to herself, that ' tho ono torriblo word " murderer,", applied to tho man who had proved himself such a kind friend, gavo n shock suoh ns no newly formed friendship could stand unshnken. If he had only denied tho charge by so much as a look ! But, on tko contrary, his doirncast head and hurrying step when Lucy's indiscreet remark fell on hiB ears seemed like a tacit admission of tho justico of it. Tho little maid's characteristic comments on the matter jarred upon her greatly. " You might have knocked mo down with a feather, Miss Olivia, when they first told mo it was him as mado away with tho young woman whoso rooms we were rummaging in to-day ! ' Lor,' I says, 1 never ! A nice- spoken gentleman like that!! Indceds Miss— — " " "Who was it told you, Lucy ?" intor- xupted her mistress, quietly, "It was when I waB going up tho load, ma'am, looking for you. For I got that frightened at last, sitting hero all by myself, and nobody to speak to, and suoh cruckiugs and noises as you nover heard along tho walls. So I went out a little way, thinking perhaps you had missed tho road and lost yourself. And I camo across two women and a man standing at the gate of a farmyard. And I spoko to them, and they guessed whero I camo from, for it eccmsit was the farm belong ing to that rudo man, though I didn't know it at tho time. And they asked mo in, saying as they wouldn't keep mo not a minute. Aud I was so glad not to bo alono that I went just insido tho kitchon door with them — just for a minuto. But then they told mo such things that I felt 1 couldn't como back to thiq house all by myself uftor hearing of them. They said low that clergyman, for all his nico- Bceming ways, used to bo a wild sojt of young man, and how ho onco courted hor that's now tho vicar's lady, but sho wouldn't havo nothing to say to him. And so when sho married his brothor ho got wilder and wildor, and ho took to courting tho farmer's daughtorthat lived lore ou the Bly like, and not fair and open. She was a masterful sort of girl, and her brother and his wifo that sho lived with.let her havo her own way too much, and havo ideas above hor station. And people think sho believed he'd marry her, for her own people and cveryono was be ginning to tulk ; and then ouo night — it was July 7, miss, ten years and a-ludf ago — she went out to meet him down by lis own church, as peoplo know sho'd. done before, and she never camo back. And nobody's never seon nothing of hor from that day to this, only thoro wero screams heard that night down by St. Cutlibert's— that's his eliurch, ma'am." ' Lucy ended in a mysterious whisper, and both she and her mistress remainoil silent for a little while. Then Miss Denison spoko in a warm and decided tone — " There must havo been investigations made. If thero had been anything liko just ground for supposing that Mr. Drander hod made away with tho girl, ho would at least havo been hunted out of tho parish, even if , thoro had not boon proof enough to havo him arrested." " Ho was arrested, Miss Olivia. But lis mother was Lord Stannington's sistor, so ha had frionds at court ; and as for his brother, ho moved heaven and oarth to lave him got oil. And bo thoso as knew most didn't care to como forward, and nothing wasn't found ; und as everybody knew the poor girl hadn't had tho boat of characters, and had always been a bit gay like, they said there wasn't evidenoe enough, and Mr. B render was nevor brought up." " But ho remained in his parish ! That would lisve been too muoh of a soand.il if tho suspicion had boen strong. I think you huvc only boon listening to a lot of' tattle, Lucy," said Miss Denison, trying to the deep 'interest sho could not help fooling in this gossip. ""Well, Miss Olivia, I only_ toll you what was told mo," said tho girl, rather offended at the 'slur east upon hor infor mation. And sho crossed ovor to tho fireplace, and began to break tho lumps of coal into a blaze, to intimato that in deference to her mistress's wish Bhe had dono with idlo gossip. But, as sho slyly guessed, tho subject was far too interesting to bo sholvcd liko that. - Miss Donison took it up again abruptly, no longer attempting to hide tho warmtn of hor fooling in tho matter. "How was it he stayod, thon ?" sho asked. "It was his brothor's doing that, ma'am, I believo," said Luoy, delighted to havo her tonguo loosed again. "Ho backed him up, and advised him to faoo it out, so everybody says. And Mb being so strong for Mb brothor, and him thought so Mghly of himself, mado people afraid to interfere, like. And bo Mr. Yernon stayed. Ho had only a poor parish, full of colliers and suoh liko, aud tho poor folk liked him, because, for all bis wild wavs, hs was good-hutnourod and pleasant. So nobody objected muoh, and lo quiotcd down aU of a suddon, and grow quite changed, and worked very lard, so that now thoy think tho world of Mm in his own parish, and wouldn't chango even to havo Mr. Morodith Mm- self for thoir clergyman. Only tho story sticks to Mm, especially close round hero where the girl lived, and no matter what lo does, somo of them can't forgot ho's a murdarcr." Olivia Bhuddered. It was quite truo ; suoh an incident in a man's life was not ono thaij you could forget, Sho lot tho Bubjcqt drop , without further oommont, hut it. haunted her for the rest of the I evening' as she sat brooding ovor the fire. Luoy, who was of an industrious frame of mind, got out her darning and mended away busily. But Bho hud a hoalthy- appetite, and sho had had nothing moro satisfying than biscuits aud a sandwich throughout tho day. Gradually hor longjng glanccB fell moro and more fre quently on tho despised supper basket which Mr Brander had given hor. At last sho could hold out no longer. " Are you hungry, Miss Olivia ? " sho aBkcd, with plaintive meaning. " Hot very," answered Miss Denison, waking with n start out of a troublod roverio. " But I daro say you are, Luoy. I forgot that I had wino aud bako at — Mr. Brhnder's." Lucy mado two hesitating stops in tho direction of tho basket, and stopped. "Do you think — we'd hotter not — : touch it, Miss Olivia ? "'sho askod doubt fully. Miss Donison got up, with a grave and troubled face. " Don't you think it's a littlo too lato to try to avoid an obligation, Luoy, when every ono of tho comforts round us — fire, chairs, table, tho very hods wo nro going to sleep on, we owe to Mr. Brandor V " Luoy snatched, at this view of tho matter readily, aud trotted off with eager steps to inspect tho contents of the basket.: These proved most satisfactory. " Bread, Miss .Olivia ; buttor, cake, oh.! And a cold fowl ! Aud a silver tea- < pot!" sho announced gleefully as sho made one discovery after, anothor, and skipped with her prizes to tho table. Olivia, healthy girl as sho was, oould not cat much that evening. Hcrrespon- sibilities in tho now homo were beginning to look very heavy, nnd tho strango story sho bad just heard opprossod hor. Luoy, on the other hand, . found that a good supper led her to take a moro cheerful view of current affairs. " Oh, Miss Olivia !" sho oxclaimed, when tho meal was ended, and thoy woro preparing to retire for tho night, " how much nicer this is, with ghosts and mur derers and all, than it'll bo whon Mrs. Denison comes, and tho childron. Liko this, with just you, it's jolly, audi oould work for you all day. And I supposo when you've committed a murdor, it makes you feel that you must bo nicer, like, to mako up for it, for certainly Mr. Brander is a nice- spoken gontlemun, and a kind one, and no two ways about it." " How, Lucy," said hor mistress, gravely, " you must put that story right out of your head, as I am going to do. "We'll liopo there's no truth in it at all ; hut ovon if every word wero truo, wo havo no right to bring it up against a man whose lifo sets an example to tho wholo parish, and who has shown us kindness that wo ought never to forget. I hope you will havo tho good sense and good feeling not to tuttla about it to cook and to Esther when they come." " Xo, ma'am," said Luoy demurely. Miss Donison felt, howovor, that sho was trying to put on Itnmuu nature burdens too groat for it to bsar, and sho wasted no moro words in pressing the point. Tired as sho was when sho lay down ' that night on the littlo bed so strangely provided, for somo hours eho could not sloop ; excited fancies concern ing the girl who had disappeared, and the man to whom . hor disappearance was attributed, filled her head with a waking hightmnro. Gratitude remained upper most, however. . . "He shall seo that whatovor I have heard, makes not tho least difference," was her hist olenr thought before sleeping. But Olivia's kind intentions woro moro difficult to carry out than sho imagined. Next day sho saw nothing of Mr. Brander, although sho rocoivcd another proof of his thouehtfulnoss. A vanful of tho much-cxpccted furniture arrived in tho course of tho morning, nnd soarcoly was it emptied beforo tho two maids from tho vicarugo appeared upon tho scone, "by Mr. Vernon's order," to givo what assistance thoy could towards gotting tho houso ready for occupation. Thon began for Olivia threo of tho huppiost days she had over passed. Thero was work — real, useful, genuino work— for hood and hand and musctilar arm, in tho nrrangoment of every room to tbo best advantage. Tho maids from tho vicarage and her own trusted Lucy seconded her with a right Cood will, being all ready to worship this handsome, bright-voiced, spnrkling- oyed girl, to whom the lifting of tho lioaviost weights seemed to bo child's play, aiid who worked harder than any of them. On the second day tho vory last consign ment of tho housohold goods duly ar rived, and Olivia was ablo to sond haok the vicarogo fumitaro with a grateful littlo note of thanks. In tho orening whon sho was resting in an armchair, tired out with hor labours, and enjoying a glow of satisfaction in their success, thero was a rap of knuckles on tho knockorlcss outor door, and Olivia startod up,_ with.Jier heart boating violently. This persistent self-effacomcut on the part of Mr. Brander made tho girl nerv ously anxious to show him that hor grati- tudo was proof against any ovil rumours ; and the hope that it was he brought a deep flush to hor face as Luoy, now in stalled in her own kitchen, and busy still with, polishing of; pots, dud pans, wont to open the door. But she only brought in a note, whioh Olivia took with somo disappointment. It was an answer from Mr. Brander to hor own, but was so vory formal that Olivia felt her ohooks tingle with shamo at the impulsive warmth of hor letter. The olorgyman's noto was as follows: — Dear Madam (And she bud put " Door Mr. Brandt." Olivia oould have torn hor pretty hai>), — I beg.to asaure yon thero ia nothing in what I havo done to pnt you under any senna of obligation. Iu doing what little I oould to make jou a oomfortable aa tha unfortuntto oiroumstanoei of your arrival would permit, I only at to-d in my oapaoity of representative to my brother, who ia hospitality itaelf to all strangers. I am, dear madam, Yonia faithfully, Vrumotr Buahdeu. Olivia read tho noto twioo, while Lucy still stood at tho door. " Tho young farmer's son brought it, ma'am, and ho's waiting," said she. Olivia went to tho door, and held out hor hand to Mat Oldshaw, who took it very sheepishly in his own groat paw, and, having givon it a convulsive squoezp, dropped it hastily, as if overwhelmed with horror at Ms presumption in touch ing it at all. " Come in," said sho, smiling, and leading the way into tho big farm living room. Bho bad deoided that this was to ho the dining- Toom of the establishment, and had famished it accordingly. Mat followed her shyly, and remained . near tho door until, by oasy stages, sho had coaxed him into a chair at tho fur ther end. Ho was beautifully washed and combed, und clad in his host clothes, and beautifully awkward and bashful withnl. " It's very kind of you to bring mo .this," sho said, "and I'm very glad to have an opportunity of thanking you for the help you gavo us tho other day. You ran away so fast that I had no ohanco of speaking to. you." . " 'Twcro nowt that," said Mat, in a tone husky from hnshfnlness. " Ah'd ha coom nnd given yo butter help than that yestorday whon Ah saw t' goods coom, but Ah didn't like." " Would you ? Well, wo should havo found plenty for you to do. But your father wouldn't huvo liked it, of course ?" "Peytlicr! Ah becuu't ufreead o' foythor !" cried Mat, in a burst of energetic defiance. " No, it wasnn' for him that Ah didn't coom. But Ah thowt maybe ye'd ha' boon so angry with him for's rudeness that yo wouldn't care to ha' seen mo agccan." " Oh, I knew you had nothing to do with that." " That's true enoof ; and Ah coom to- nooght to say" — and Mat looked down on tho floor and grew soarlet to tho tips of his ears — " that yo musn't be surprised if things doun't work straight hero at first. "Fcythcr's a nasty coostoomer whon he's crossed, and there's no denying he's wild at a stranger tnkkin' this pleeace. An' if ho can do yo nnd ycr foyther an ill turn ho's not t' man to stick at it. An' if yor feythcr doan't knaw mooch about' faimin', yo may tell him not to tnk' any advico_ from moino. But if yo should ho in a difficulty aboot matters o' t' farm, yo can just send for mo on t' quiet, and Ah'll help yo all Ah can. Ah bcean't owor bright, maybe, as yo can see for yeursen, miss, but Ah understand t' furm, and what Ah can do for yo Ah will." Mat had Btrung himsolf up to this speech by a great effort, and ho reeled ii off without any sort of pause, ns if it had been an orticlo of faith that ho had got by rotn. Then ho got up and guvc a hopeless look towards tho door, as if that was his goal, and ho was utterly without an idea how to reach it. Olivin roBO too, nnd turned towards tho fire. Her impulsivo nature was so deeply moved by this rough but gonuino friendliness, that sho had no words ready to express her feelings. There was n pause, during which sho lipnrd tho shuffling of Mat's feet upon tho floor, as ho prepared himself, with many .throes, for another rhetorical offoit. As sho at Inst turned towards him anil again held out her linnd, ho found his courugo and began - " AM wan moor thing Ah'd loiko to Ray, miss ; doun't you bo afreead o' Parson Brandor,- for all thoy may say. Of coorso, ye'vo heard the story ; t' ill about a mon always cooms oot first. Maybe t' story's truo ; All knaw nowt about that. But Ah do knaw that thor's no'er a liourt loikc liis in t' coontry sido. An' ho's dono nil t' harm he'll over do to anybody. An' — an' ho givo. mo this noto for yo, miss, and Ah'vo given it, nnd noo Ah'm going. Good night, miss." "With which abrupt farewell, ho mado a countrymnn's obeisance to hor, and sheered off with great promptitudo. " Good night. I sha'n't forgot what you've said," Olivia called after him, smiling. to ur oonhmubd on mohjuy 