iRoveltet. AT BERKELEY HALL; .; ? -?'?on,'.. . A Talc That is Tohl. BY lUf^rON TH 0114 I , ; , . In faith,. child, -ib uas ft start yon gave a-itndinj,' m your whito frock :.r ; hoforo; that portrait: 1 am grown old, now, and lnoio not-vous -than when in -? ... y®RM gone by I found my miBtrosa giving nt thia same pictuio of tho yonni; Jord ?-:.r , and hw.iiwfc wife. .Tho story of theso . : ? vorjr paintings it was L promised to toll : : V- you? Vory willing to spunk -am I of thoao ? days m -which my HiouL'hts still clwoilhuf \oti must bear with an old woniann v . . humblo apooch- ? To bogin, thou, tho .old lord, Sir . Arthur, was on Ins deathbed wlion oamo , tho lottor from. Mr. Jlarold in foroign- , lands, r Long ago.ho.had gono to Florida, . i*i tho Statos, and married a Spanish .'j .... woman, sinco when liis family know but- i httio of him. ' i But now this lottoroamo, plodding with Sir Arthur to -tnko his'' only child, n \- ..daughter, and. caro forherjii tlio homo of ?. t : . : her ancestors. Also said Mr. Harold, that :'lyi.nK °n a .bed of tllnosa:iand nigh unto i ? death, so groat was his trust livlns brother — ^thnt ho had inndo arrangements for tho . child to depart for Berkeley . Hull as soon ? _ . os ho wob RO(ie from her,- knowing that .T r-. ' - her undo would endeavor. tOUuko place , witli her of father and mothoi Sir Arthur, on rending tins as n mca ^ sago from tho dond, .was aore distrossod, ahd bidomo to linn ??ni- ?« s ''.M*8- .^Wilkins,' lio s«idj:hw poor voioo' v ~ all tremulous like,- y ro- broWier, by this Ji timo awaiting mo boyond the known, haa ' '''OlaTi&htor; to mo .to rem and much i shall not bo hereto Volcomo ' r , ®f. k° to you I givo trust to mako tho -1'ttlo ono, happy .until my son Arthur ; ' ..poinos homo to tukoolmrgo of hor,'' ? . v -Uioroupon gave I niy.Bolemn promise* to .-vdo.my. btst, being but a young.thnig my- 1 i juat tinned of twenty-throe, aud lint i yot-a-yonr married^ rl, ' - ! Mr. .Aithur was tlio only son, and a ... . deoptgnef was it to tho old lord tliut ho .. . was not with liini in his -lust- nxtieiinty But Mr. Aithur had travelled away two ,. yo.us, sooner, cni/.ud with tho 'sorrow of his joung wifo h death, nnd for all ho ? wioto insularly to thu old lord ha mado no mention of his buck-coining ' ? . ^CB, that ib tho young fcur Arthur nud , ? hiB wife. Slio was tho daughter of n *. liGighbuiin;; gontloman, and lmndBomo as . ^^*,4 ft^u't too largo for my likin' \- . ? T1I!,JV 1'o-looking woman is mistress JjluabotJi Borkoloy,' said ovoryono Cut big and strong though shosoomod. ?. B'10 lfty dead of a cold boforo the\' lmd : boon nmrriod four montha- ' young husbnnd was liko ono mud whou tho .brown hair aud bluo oyes woro 1 ? . covored away from Jnm. whereupon his i ?..? father sont him to foreign countrieu to nook forgetfulness. ? , . 1 y08 telling you — an old woman , rambloa, lassie, und it Booms but yostor day, theso happonmgs. Woll, the old lord diod and wus laid away whore all tho I 'orkoloys Bleep, and in a fortnight or loss I camo tho littlo nioco. Ah, but sno was I j ' fair to look upon, was Miss Agatha! Jieikoloy I Wlion sho ant m tho shadow, | ono thought alio had hor Spaniah mothor s I . .... ...hair. , but when oho camo forward in thr I light, though it still kept its doop tono; it i . . soemol that surely somo of tho cold i rwlianoo of tlie moonlight in hor Southern i ,.. oountiy had warmod and molted in hor i ?: . . troisos. And though hor shining oyoa-i ? : Vtoco blaok as midnight, to watch her . brows and lashes, hor skin wus fair as .,;v , J10.8' mi,ul'ng mo of nothing ao muoli as : tho spotless snow that lies against tlio . ? !j.', : charred trunks in tho forest ?- . ' Sho was hftoon wlion sho came to mo, v. u ' rtliis pretty , pale oienture, but so small' -\w that sho looked to bo a child of olovon or .? t«olvo, and ho pitiful m hor blaok frock i ?.. .that my, heart warmed to hor ; so that in' ,, . ? 'iq yoars that camo wo grow faBt friends, r . moro 1 iiko to sistors than mistross and , - . . .. 'o'1' , for I sorved Miss Agatha as I had .Jfiiatroas Elizaboth beforo lior ^ -Whon iSu Ai thur had ooon notified of ?'w. ' i°id b death and his young cousin's ? ?? arinal to us, ho wroto that as yot ho was .wot ready to roturn, hut that Miss Agatha .was to havo all tliut lu'fittod a Borkoloy, : enjoining upoiiMr. Clark, his man of buBi ' .'ess, tlio euro of tins, and of her govor . . nessos aud maitoru '''on Miss Agatha, amul now i soi,no8, put awny hor gnof and- becaino ayr . hor gay, oluldlilio self ni;iiin, sho, and sho ' nlono, reigned at Berltoloy Hall. k.; . ??;. The old lawyor ran down from London . ? almost woiKly to bring onogovorness and ?? ? take away another, and all beonuso Miss Agatha would havo it bo. Truth to toll, r as swoot and lovoly us sho seemed, alio l,ud Satan's own tomper, and a time of \- '.' 'oiror it woro hero when our protty mis f&~- -..iross was crossed hi anyway. Hut with ,i 7, -.1 mo sho wasnovor an^ry. For ono reason, i . , :? :it mattered not tho quonlion, I gavo way . lo hor, for boing so iittlo older, not woll i could 1 tako authority. I'urhnpn it may i uv.-havo boon as my husband — who was butlor— said, that in this way 1 nuido hor .still moro fiory and ungovornablo ; but (iod knows I always loved my voting mis \- tross,and'Would not willingly havo harmed „,-*y hor.- . ? nv:y - 'Well, m aomo way timo drifted by till Miss Agatha had rulod us four years, v « ?. : / ? wlion, coming slowly ? into this picture gallery, ono evening, 1 saw her all iu w 1 1 1 1 1- SiiindiiiL' li!;u a (-hoat. bofun' this piu'.iirii tif .sir Arlhur ami Mistiv»s ICliz^i biMli, h s wife, as vnu stood lint just now, chilli . Heingninrtflenvfinrsof ago, my mistress was still a child « height, slender and graceful. Perhaps I am partial lo by gone days, hut 1 think now, as thought. I then, that, never saw 1 so beautiful a woman. Woll, she turned toward mo that ovennig and called me in her gontlo voico : ' Here, Wilkins.' T wont, up to her boforo tho portrait. ' Wilkins,' sho said, ' this is iny cousin Arthur and Ins wifo ?' . ' Yes, Miss Agatha,' I answered, wondoring at thu strango tondernoss in hor vnico. 'Why had thoy tho portrait made in so odd a position ??? 1 told hor then, as but yesterday I told you, how that Mistress Kiiwibeth had a fancy for being dono in tho pink and gray brocado sho had worn tho night Sir Arthur camo u-courting, and how ho, in his gay way, inndo liiontion tliat bIio liad best lie seated upon the samo divan, with him standing to look down on hor, ovon as ho had dono that timo. And so tho gay young things liu.l it pnintod, for all tho old lord s leasing. And tho day it was framed and tiling, as I was seated hero with my broidery, on account of it being n cool spot, in thoy camo. all smiles and happiness, to stand boforo it and priiiso or fault-find gaily. Mistress Elizabeth laughed at tho admiration iho artist had naught into hor husband's handsomo face, nnd. ho vowed hers not half handsomo enough togivo her justice, scribbling with his pcnoil upon tho fraino ' Tho Eventful Moment,' ns I myself read when thoy wero gono. Woll, u.l this nnd much moro I told Miss Agatha, bIio questioning mo, in terested, m her protty way. I apoko to hor of his grief, how ho had sought foreign wnnderingB, and hor largo black oyes fillod with tears. . ' W ilkins,' sho nsked slowly, ' do you know 1 liko his fnco ? - 1 lovo it 1 Do you think that my cousin will over como homo i 1 should try- to comfort him — and I could do it. I could indeed, Wil kins !' Ah, sho was always a hit fanciful, poor thing. Well, lust then behind ns a stop sounded, and I turned to boo Sir Arthur I Older, brownor, handsomer, but Btill Sir Arthur. Ilia oyes sprang to moot thoao of tlio woman m tho portrait, and ho stood still in a kind of Bpoll-bound wel coming. As for Misb Agatha, alio turned paling to tho window, aftor a glimpso of his stern, sorrowful faco. Presently Sir Arthur drew a doop sigh, liko ono rousing from a swoon, and for the first timo soemcd to soo mo. 'How aro you, Mrs. Wilkins ?' ho said, in Ilia old, hearty waj-. ' And is that my littlo couain over thoro 1' At this Miss Agatha roso from tho win dow seat and camo .forward, putting her slender hnnd into his strong clasp. Much iiBtomed was Sir Arthur to find .his cousin suoh a woman, for he had thought of hor only, as u child, .forgetting- .that timo. had stood: not still at Borkoloy ; to awaifc his coining. ' In tho days that cnmel waa nlways' with. jtheni; aittjH2^.aa..iieed^b6i'-nt' a rijapootful . distance: with my, worlrVlindixyoll; I-kiiow, long beforo Sir Arthur or, my protty ? lady herself, --that hor heart was lohglhg for his lovo. ^Ah, woll, child, it wiiB not strange. Sho had loved -him before sho saw him, and now that ho had como ho wns bonny to look upon, mid always with the Indies had ho a way that was tender and cliival rdus. \- Tho old forosts whoro sho had wandered nlono now know two young beings rambl ing in tho shade : for hours they rodo to gether, und long talks hnd thoy. Even ns hispresouce was happiness to her, so ho novor seemed to tiro of her playful ways, hor soft, slow, sweet voioo, her. ovi dent liking. Karoly looked Sir Arthur in tlioso days upon tho portrait called 'Tho Eventful Moment, though often canio ho with his conam for a romping gnmo of buttlodoro or graces in tho long gallery. Somo months had gono on' in this 'way, and Miss Agatha grow oiich day moro gentlo and swoot till woll -nigli had wo for gotten her tcrnblo rages, when ono ovon mg alio ontored her room to robo for dinner. I had left hor n momout sinco reading alono in tho library, but wlion I glanced up at her I saw sho was palo liko death, und hnd her white teotli sot oruolly over hor lip. ' You mny go, ' sho said quiokly, soo-. mg my look. ' I shall attend to my owa costumo to- night.' I loft her at once, for I Baw bIio was angry, und wondoring what tho causo, I wundorud in hero. Then 1 know. On a couch beforo this picturo lay Sir Arthur, his eyes lixod upon tho picturoof his handsomo wifo. IIo did not hear my coming, nnd cvon as 1 stood .thunder struck, a shuddering sob shook him, and ho said aloud : ' So soon, my Elizabeth ?' NoisolosBly 1 retreated and sought my miBtrcss. If sho had soen nnd heard aught that I had her poor loving heart must bo near to brouking. When 1 entered tho room sho was standing beforo the' long mirror, unfasten ing hor splondul hair. As it fell heavily besido hor palo faco, it wns lilco heavy smcko drooping on n snow-clad roof. 'Madam, I questioned, wondoring at my own bravery, 'what gown shall I mako ready t 'Did X not toll you that 1 should not nocd you V sho answored slowly, liko oho whoso thoughts nro far away. ? Y Without nnswor I took down a groon gown, inoBhed over with white Inco; one. in which Sir Arthur had likened her to a, aoa-wavo with tho crost of foam brenkiup over. ' It is in this gown thttt my master likes host to soo you,' I vontured again, ? All, my dear, I fear I should not bo, so courageous nowadays. ? Slio turned linrcoly. anil I thought her. angry oyes would hum through mo fornn instant ; tlion alio cnat herself down in n wild pnasion of tours. : '.Oil, alio cried, and.nover shall I forget the agonised voice, 'oh, Willi ins, von know it. ! Yon havo soen that T love Inm ! And— and lmvo I shown liim ?' in a brokon whisper. . ' No— oh, my poor, child, lio !' I nrndo loving luisto to say. ' It— ho- Sir Arthur lovos his couhiii. and knows that sho lovos linn in— in that way ; that is all ; boliovo me, that is all.' In somo degroo was slio comforted, but hor grief nnd sliamo -overwhelmed hor for a timo, and it was long cro I was permit ted to robo her in the aon-wavo gown ; and thon, indeed, wliat -with her pallor, alio wna moro like a spring snowdrop. For- all I could sec, my lord was as usual at dinner — n lino gentleman ho, with , his powdered hair and rich attire — and so Miss Agatlm, savo- that sho spoke feci- :: seldom, and then with downenst eyes. I, saw Sir Aithur look at hor curiously olico or twice, but. ho said naught ; only when lie was finished offered his arm to lend her to tho music room, 1 following nud aitting near tlio window, a8 was my wont. Sir Arthur seated his cousin in n high backed chair before the spinet, and then sho spoke in a voico which was half a sob : ' T euro not to sing to-night.' Hut my lord insisted, though ho saw she wished to rofii3c ; and presently hor white hands fell on t.lio koys, nnd slio.rnn ovor tho proludo. When tho swoot voice caught up tho strain, Sir Arthur drew his chair close and sat.listening with hiaeyes fixed on Miss Agatha's faco. 'I am thinking of thee alway — with a love undreamed before ; I am longinK for thee alway— lay this thought unto thy heart — ' Suddenly hor voico died away and hor nervous hands crashed discord down the koys. 'I cannot sing to-night, my cousin,' sho said, answering his startled look. 'Not that ballad, but it may bo I shall do bettor with somo othor.' Ovor Sir Arthur's fnco flashed a won dering expression. Tho'n he Baid with a. gaioty strango and now.: '? 1 cry your pardon, cousin, but wo must lmvo our samo ballad to tho very end.' ' Not if I cannot sing it,' sho said, gently. ' ' And if you cannot, why? Did you not sound thnt swoot voico through nil tho strain but a week ngo ? And does tho nightingnlo forget her notes so Boon ? Tryngnin.' Anil so poor MisB Agatha was forced to sing tho ballad. And I, in sympathy with her wounded lioart, understood tlio trembling tones in whioh nt last she finished : ' When tho glowing crescent cradle gleamed that night from out the skies Then he spoko to mo with language — lie had told mo with his eyes.' An those last words died away Mias Agatha turned' slightly, with a faint smile, and' mot Sir Arthur's eyes. All tho truant blood flushed into tho white throat and faco to meet his gazo. As for him, ho had gouo quito pnlo, crushing tho muaic in hi3 hand and leaning for wnrd. - 'Ah, Agatlin, havo 1 indeed told you what I havo so hardly struggled to cou ceal I hoard him whisper Boftly. Even while joy for her filled my heart, I saw her draw back in scorn. . ' My lord, you forget Miatroaa Eliza beth Jlorkoloy I' sho said. Ay, it was a cruel word sho spako, aud forgotting myself in dismay, I had al moBt sprung toward hor when I heard hiB voico onco moro. 'I do, swoot Agatha, though, as aconicd moro moot, I tried not to loso hor from my thoughts. But. a man can .not ohooso but render up his lovo witli tlioso hlnck oyes- upon' him.' - ' ; . . When I perceived from her fnco that not ngnin.vfould-sho scorn her happiness,;! Tiled away und' reft^thoTtVviliiin'oiniiaiiig^i that it. .was so .Woll; they wero married at once, nud for nil. tlioy .loved oaoh-othor truly, they i :w6r&;nofc happy * ' i I?oorfLii'ly. Agatha was jealous.' of -'the- portrait of .Miainws Eoz^oom ; hilu (.'uiilu . not' brook to; see hor husband Joolting so at hor in. tho picture, Well do I remem ber when she mado a silk curtnin and hung, tlie portrait ovor. Ab I said' just now, she was always a bit fanoiful and childlike: Scarce had I, assisting hor, completed the 'hanging of tlio silk, wlion in camo my lord. ? When ho Saw what sliu had beon about, his brow contracted as though somo suddon pnin besot him, nnd ho questioned : 'Is this woll done,' Agatha ?' ' Ay, sir,' bIio answored stendily. ' It is well douo.for my poaceof niind, though not, perohanco; for your desires.' Aud with, that she ran past ub both liko a mad croaturo, nnd ilung hcrsolf sobbing on her bed. Sir Arthur, always as forbearing as on the night of their betrothal, sufforcd tho curtain toroninin without furthorspooch, nnd shortly after yielded to his wife's wish to havo tlioir portraits painted, seated, as oirthat ovoning in tho musio room. Indeed, ho refused her nothing, and when sho bado liiin havo a namo lot into the wood-work of tho fraino he complied with but littlo delay, though sho would not toll him whorot'oro sho . wished it. . ' A Pause in the Music,' sho hnd ohosen, nnd though always it sounds to mo liko a fanoy picturo, yet it was her desire. Olio evening, when for some reason slio socnied sadly low spirited, Sir Arthur drew hor iii hero for a gamo of romps j but sho wont and stood boforo hor own portrait, hanging besido tho curtainod oho. When hor .husband camo to hor sido, sho turned suddonly, leaning against him, and suid sadly : 'Ah, Arthur, it wns an unhappy mo ment wlion into the mus;o of your lifo I brought my discordant notes. The music paused — never again to bo so swoot.' At this, comprehending hor whim of tho name, Sir Arthur was soro wounded ; but ho reproved hor gently for her idle fancies, and pre sontly she grow quito gay in assurances of his tondor lovo. Hut it was only for tho time. ' Matters went from. bad to worse, and my mistress grow moro hard to bear with each day. For tho first 'timo she quaiTelled with mo, hor ovor faithful maid, and hor (its of passion oamo oftonor and lasted longer. As a rovolation did it como to Sir Arthur hor 'uncontrollable tompor. Always liavo 1 believed that tho poor child was near .distraught for fe.ir her hnslmnd should lovo hotlor tho dead wifo than the living. Oftoil- wondered I ai his marvellous patience with his passionhto wifq^forshe would l'.avo caused a saint to wax wrath, though I speak against ono dend and gone. ?Woll, ono evening, to mako a long story short, my. lord and -lady sat ut tea, and it wiis I who sorved t hem . Presontly my iniatrm nsked her liusbuud if his tea woro to hiB liking. Pleasantly enough ho answored, in his joking way, that it had beon mado sweotor for hint in dayB gono by.' My lord thought of his indulgont mother and his days of boyhood, but iny mistrosB was in a wliito rago dircotly. ' Would to goodness tho Mistross Elizabeth were, here to mako it for you I' sho cried, in her insane jealousy, nnd oro he or I saw what sho did, sho had flung the warm tea full in bis face. I stood deprived by fenr of motion, but my. lord, for the first timo iu a long lifo, hud lost control ef '?!* temper. Dashing tho toa from his t'uuo, and strodo to hor aide, nud oh, it waa an ovil momont in which ho did audi a cruel actt for in far less timo than I toll you in, ho had lifted tho bare, pretly .n iu and biokcn it against his knee ! My lady sail'; hack fainting, a'.d iny lord, when ho s uv iw dart to her side, got himself away. Woll, ho sent oil' at onco for a surgeon, nnd tho arm was sot, and much waa tho wonderment aa to the bre.king. I could only say that. I had found her lying so. Wlion sho camo to herself a^ain I was sitting bj her s'de, and never shall I for get tho anguished look when uhu saw the bandaged arm aud to ik remembrance of what hnd happened. ' Shu turned toward mo with widH-stretched oyes. ' You will not let, him como ir., Wil kins . ' No, my lady,' I promised mournfully, and presently she slept. But poor Sir Arthur's remorse waa dreadful to witness. 'How can I over blame poor Agatha'a lack of self- control,' ho would groan, 'wlion my sinful tomper bus led mo to so brutal nu act ? Do you think she will seo mo to-morrow, Wilkins ?' ltut. though on iny knees I pleaded with my lady in his behalf, sho steadfastly re fused each day to soo him. When I spoke of his agonising roiuorso, sho interrupted mo. ' Wilkins, will you carry my husband a messago from me ?' 'That will I,' I answered, right gladly, for methought she had relented of her harshnesB. ? 'Tell liiin from me, then,' sho Baid, and her voico know no tromor, ' that Kbvor in thin world, or tho noxt, do I wish to see his faco again.' 'Oh, my lady,' 1 begged, almost stunnod, ' do not ask mo to toll him that !' : ' You promised. Cio !' she Baid, coldly, and, wit'' tears streaming from my oyes, I. went. Sir Arthur lifted toward me, whon I ontored to him, a faco which lmd aged five yoars in a fortnight. ' Well, Wilkins V' lio said, a faint hope brightening in his oyes. How I delivered that cruol mosaage, I know not, but presently, weoping bit terly, I found mysolf buck with my lady, and Bhivoring like ouo in an aguo. No questions put my indifleront mistress, nnd nlmost, for tho timo, I hated her. . .When bIio oould havo como frjm hor rooin, but kept it, through fear of moot ing Sir Arthur, nud when ho saw that it wns ovon so, ho handed me, ono day, n largo onvolopo thick with contents, ask ing that I give it unto iny mistress. Sho perused tlio document coldly, nnd re placing it, bado mo carry it .back, at which lriy lord inquired eagerly if i liis wifo re lented of her coldness. Whon I answered him nay, u look of blank despair foil ovor tho handsome fnco. H6 told mo tho onvelopo contninod his commission, and that ho should go nway on tlio morrow to Borvo tho king, seeing that ho could not hiB wife. And my honrt bled for him wlion he said lio could not rido unHl ho had soen hor. So 1 made bold to bjd him follow mo to my haughty lady's chamber unannounced. ' : . .Wh'eniho ehtorpd iii Ishrank back amid 'the:fta^hita;'afraM':fdr.tlila'tHing'.that l: hhd.dfth'i. ~ ~ ' '? 'T ' giUttnif fiom her window, hnd.-^it^»)'ot^gfaiice up at/ the' footfall, thtnkijgg it; 'fju'e;,; until, -struck ?'- by tlio BiloncoJ'Xsh'o Uiirned-nud B»w..hor'.hus band.. ; 'f. You l'.fliio , said,' in a voico mingling fear with scorn; ' You 1' -' I. ani come to say good-bye, Agatha,' he answered, but to tho heart by look and tone, ; Then quoth my cruol lady, with hand outstrotched to tlio door : ' So be it, faro thee well, Sir Arthur.' IIo. turned, leaving hor prosonco, and his faco was that of tho old lord, liis father, whon ho had lain dead in his coflin. '? t And so iny mistress lot him away with out word of forgivenoss or wifely lovo, even tliough her heart raged in hor bosom through worship of liiin. But bIio cliido mo not for .tho bringing of him to hor chumbor. w For many montliB wo led a right lonoly lifo in Borkoloy Hull. My master wroto most rogulurly to his harsh lady, and each lottor sho road with indifferent mion, handing it thorewith to mo, that tho ser vants might know how their master fared. This nows curried I to tho sorvants hall, nnd of tlio war, but knowing my duty, spoke naught of the passionato tondorno'&s; and ploading for forgivonosB which filled his pages. Never a lino of good or ill did my mis tross pen, held by hor wickod prido. But whon tho. wintor oamo on aovoro, and tho groat liouae grow chill and draughty, thon did slio grow eaoh day moro unlika her Bolf. No longer'did sho read, or sing, or run, childliko, through tho groat halls. Houi'B now sho passed gazing out at tho snow-clad foroBts and gray Bkies; and oft tiuies at night, wlion tlio gusty winds roared through tlio cracking troes and whistled sharply '; at tho house cornors, would I soo hor straiuing her oyos out through tho darkness. . And on one bucIi a night I found her wocping in tho win dow Boat, and I know slio pondored on my lord, homolcss, hnd battling not alons with mon, but witli fierceness of tho olo nieu'.s aud a despairing heart. It was thon I plucked up courago to beseochmy lady to writo and bid her hus band homo again, knowing how that bIio had forgiven him jong sinco. Whioh samo, aftor much bitter sobbing on my bosom, my lady did. , But for hor stub born prido now wua she punished by a waiting long nnd grievous to bo -borne, in which wo heard not from SirArthur, save rumors of buttles hard-fought, won ami lost, nud of .many killed and wounded. ?' .... In tho early spring my mistress foil ill unto death, and aftor many woeks, iu which it seemod that the struggling soul must surely escapo tho fragile littlo body, I robod hor onco moro,- and carriod her down to tlio groat hall whero sho liked best to 1m, Aud I think we both nopt for very happiuoss that aho had not fled awity during thoao months of suirering. And now she Baw thnt it wns summer time for tho trees woro heavy- loavcd nnd tho grass sprung greenly, and still hor ono thought wus for tho warrior husband for whom in silenco sho had grieved herself down into tho Bhudow of (doath. Ab tho hotduyB drugged by wo saw that health wub njt for hor again unless the absent camo. For aho grow no stronger, and wlion I lifted her from ohnir to couch, or carried hor along tho stairway, almost it wus as though 1 hold my own infant in my arms. . One oioning, when I had cushioned hor in the doop window seat; with the sashos all thrown wido that sho inight fed tho faint bree/es steal ncross her wan fnco, Bho Bpoko to mo of this. J Wilkins, do you think lie will como quickly V' . j And 1, knowing of whom^she thought, mndo hasto to aiiBWor ; ? i 'Surely, my lady ; in ; ii few, weeks now, at the utmost. . 'But Wilkins,' her answer camo, mingled with a sob, an weak v.ns flu-, pour lamb, tliut scire. ; could she speak without tears, ' but oh, Wilkin*, then 1 may not bo hero !' So choked was 1 witli tho fear thnt she spaku tho truth, that I could only kneel at her side and lass the thin hands. With that she looked at mo keenly, and rending my faco drew in her breath sharply once or twice, as a pors n wakened suddenly from deep sleep, then turned her faeo again to watch tho Btars, calm and bright above earthly unrest and gloom. Presently I sank low on tho floor, lean ing niy head lightly against iny mistress, and so we silt far into the star-lit night. Hut. bethinking myself of herfoeble state, I besought her. to allow me to bear her to her chamber, and -when she anawored mo not, a cold fear sprang, liko a clutch ing hand, to my heart, for I saw that Blie had swooned. The next, day my lady asked me if I would render her a service. ' What w.ould I not?' I asked, whoro upon quoth slio : ' Whon 1 am gone, do you tear tlio ailkon covering from tho portrnit of my husband nnd Mistress Elizabeth, and Bliould ho como ngain, tell him I bado it dono. But firmly am I persuaded that in another world ho sees my sorrow and re pentance, and I myself will have his love nnd pardon ore many days.' Novortholess, sho said to me, a littlo later in tho day : ' I am trying hard to await his coming, but it is so long — so wearily long!' and again: 'Ah, many and many a break was there in tho two-fold music of our lives 1, Mine woro tho discordances and tho failures. Tell Arthur that now I havo paused to take breath for an endless har mony.' No, it lmd not been a happy marriage, that of my lord nnd my lady, nnd yet they loved ouch othor. My lady's Spanish blood had spoiled her for an English woman, and my lord's English tempera ment gavo him no cluo to the wild pas siuns and changing moods iu the woman ho had won. Well, my sweet mistress Agatha was sinking lower and lower, and all wero despairing of her life, whon iny lord came homo. Hiding hard he came, inndho Bpat.tered and travel-worn, dashing tip to tlio groat hall door and flinging from his steed. Adown tho stair was I coming when I saw him on tho threshold, nnd as ono paralysed ! stood, nor could open my mouth for joy. But my master strodo ncrosB tho hall nnd up tho s'.nir to where I halted, his jingling spurs nnd clanking eword sounding strangely harsh in that quiet house. ' God savo you, good Wilkins,' ho 6aid, merrily. ?' Do you mistake a mun for a ghost that you stand nnd ataro? Whore bides my dear liidy ?' And thon methinks ho must havo seen trouble in my face, for ho graBped niy arm bo that it was blue for many days, and domnndod hoarsoly : 'May it pleosoyou, sir,' I Baid at last, ' my_ tmstreB8 is very-ill ; I fear this Bud den joy will kill hor. ; Lot me tell lier you ar.e here, lest-^' ? ? ' '-'''No.-Yio rmy'.swo'efchen'rt will iiofdio of mo I' ho crind. ' And love shall snatch lier. from tho very gravo I' Ho sprang past mo nnd into tlio cham ber of jny mistress. I heard a wild Bcroam, nnd thon rank trembling ou tho atair ; for only that day tho doctor had said a sudden Bliock would kill my poor lamb, But, ah ! 1 need not liavo whimpered so vninly, forfrom tho hour of Sir Arthur's coming Mistress Agatha rallied ; and whon at last sho camo down stairs again, her dark oyes soft and tender with happi licsB, her huiband carried her, not I. In truth, oven had lie not gru iged mo that swoot Bervico, she had grown much too heavy for niy poor arms. Tho picture of Mistress Elizabeth was presontly uncovered by my lady's own hands, nnd in tho dnys to como often stood sho beforo it with her husbnnd, ad miring its fair beauty with never a trace of jealousy or anger loft in her chastened heart. For lovo and Buttering hnd dono in her thoir work. Many yoars liavo passed since then, child. I am an old, old woman, out living husband, master, mistress, ail I loved. I can only wait putioutly for tho briof dnys to ond which soparato my dear onos from the fond heart that loved them bo, and which is faithful Btill. 