Trenffiast. " Aphh. 24. The rabbit exterannaixen has been generally faithfully carried on by all ths land-owners end Occupies in this district, except in two notable Justsueas — and in these cases nc thing — cfe..%f>-/y end noi-hia? — has been don?. What tixs aeiectuw more giarmg ana aaame- fcl is that it simply nullifies ail the labour of the rest, es the two tracts cf country referred to embrace over IDD.9C0 acres of rarest land, alive with rabbits, which "breed here and spread to adjoining holdings where the occupiers are banes lIj, but, of coarse, fruitlessly attempting to c-irry out the provisions of the Act. This enormous warren comprises the vast urea of fiuwf 1-jn/i kt/-!r ii=t Inr from tha Government fGr fee fyjrpose cf vermin exterpa- ; fckm— over 100,003 acres — sad the Government i an between Spring Hill and litrlo Hampton, j adjoining Thrum's, Grasse's, Biaekw ell s, Abberton's, and a host of other farms. These ! two G -remasufc areas are the only lands in this district where some effort has not been made to 1 comply with the Act, tut here not ? ghost of an attempt has been made to destroy ! the vermin to eirogly sliehered. tv a j paternal Government, neither l»y poison. \ trapping, burrow-digging or anything else. ; Is it " not scandalous that the labour, ; time, and expense devoted to the j destruction cf bunny by the farmers whose holdings fringe this immense rabbit warreu | Ehouid be rendered abortive through the = criminal nagleefc of the Government f The law- I in&ker; Is fee l&w-brssker; hero to some tune, ; sad the agriculturists who era suffering have a real gle vance. Why should they be compelled j to go oa wife a costly work when it :s apparent that their utmost efforts are just as useless ss to attempt to keep back the ocean tide with a broonL so long as the Government keep such Splendid breeding grounds alongside of them r Unless immediate stops are taken to enforce the ecanplunice wife fee Vermin Extermination Act jn this area, the matter will be brought brominenH j before Pirliament within the next few weeks 