THE IDEAS. OP OVTJL'I )1IEN'. (daily m:\vs.) J! wry tiling is a mystery to a child, ■and all children arc" mysteries to us. They move' about in worlds not realised, and they;sohiom ccmlide to the hostile tribes of the’ grown up what they arc thinking about thiligs. As they grow older, the queer, innocent visions fniut from their memory, and very few people recollect—still fewer have ever told us—what was their childish conception of the nuiverso. In or is it easy t o discover wlmt. passes in a chilli’s mind. Only by accident is it let out. If you ask questions you puxzlo them, and thev answer not. at all. or answer in impro vised myths, like the child in Words worth’s poem, “TJieie is no weathercock, and that’s the reason why.” Travellers find the same ditiioully in getting nr. the legends of savages. The oiny plail is to listen r.o them as they ruJk among themselves, but parents would scarcely think if. fair io lb ten to chil dren among themselves oven in tho interests of science. Odd things are overheard in that way, as when some .Scotch children were dis cussing Creation, and one of them,.-.a girlish theologian of six, maintained that the Creator “ first made a little place to stand ouj and then did the rest,” This was a. myth in the making. The scientific interest lies here ; if there is anything in evolution, a child’s mind may bo expected to pass: through the stages of tho early, mi ml o1’ primitive humanity. ' The pro ness S3 will not bo identical, because , children are . taught muttcivsjUjjingeligibn, which are high above their natural dntclleutual height. ' Foreign bodies of belief and ‘ mis tom are Introduced into their thoughts Those they tackle ns best they may with their undeveloped mental' processes and capacities;! If. tho hypothesis of evolution, as commonly understood; is correct, and applies here, and if children think ns ‘savage races do, they will regard nil things indiscriminately as personal and animated. Xot only will beasts hayo human attributes in tho child’s and savage’s ■mind, but even stones and «tars will be alive and conscious. Kohl mentions an Ojibboway who adored . a great rock ns hia VMuuitou,” because it once made a bow to him; Any stono might i have done it; but this -particular stono <H<?t and lie .was sensible of1 its-courtesy uud kind interest;' Mr. Grant Allen has lately been arguing, in the Tbfiib'y/uVy'AV r.ra, that.stones arc worshipped’ (us they are ull the worldover) ' because gravestones were originally .sacred, sanctified, by. tho. ghost, of.the dead men.who lie below.; XU6' stone /would be the spirit’s home, and, by . extending tho idea, other stones would come to. be regarded as tenanted by spirits, and all alive. This is an extension1 oi* n following1 • of Mr. Herbert Speuec-r’s well-known liypo By one of tlio curious, accidents wluqh are always occurring, a lady happened-.‘to give her childish belief in,animated stonos about the very, time.!that Mr. Allen.olfored to the world his. theory of . the origin of. tho belief. In Longman's Magazine for February Miss Iiigelow told tho story of tho recollections of her infancy.' Miss Ingelow does hot seem to have thought of her anecdotes as bearing.nt all on “ fotichisin, ” us it is called; ,tho worship of stones, aud the theory that stones. aro nlivo, and may even marry and ha vo little pebbles, as iu Ji’iji. AVI ion Miss Ingelow was about three, she Was, though a little British child, a little Fotichist.. “I ;lmd a habit of attributing intelligence to not only all living creatures—the same amount and Idnd of intelligence I had myself—but even to stones and manufactured ■ articles.- I used, to.-ffctfl.how 'dull it mud bo for the pebbles ot\‘ the causeway to be obiiged to 1 io still, and only see/ what was round about. When I walked out with a littlo basket for I lowers I used Homotimos to j)ick up a. pebble or two and- carry them round to have a change; then, at the furthest point of the .wall:, turn them over, not doubting that they would be pleased to have a now. view.” Alins Ingelow had been'taught theintio doctrine at ii very early age ; otherwbv, if left to herself, she would probably have worshipped a big rock. As she remarks, grown- up. people foster this tendency of. children tor personify all tilings.. They .teach the children to “slap the naughty floor ” wheti they fall and hurt themsel ves, and • so * forth. But wo presume that tho grown-up are hero accommo dating themselves to infantile psychology; they did not originally suggest it, in all its force. If so, the cpiestion^arises did‘Miss Ingolow inherit a savage- fancy,.originally developed ,nut of ghost-worship (as Mr, Allen’s-theory, seems to he), or is (his per :Bonification of all things an unconscious ex-, tension to tho whole universe of. the child’s and tho savage’s own sense of personality? Is the iiotio:i' of the ghost of oiki buried under a stone at all‘necessary for tho develop ment of Uio.j sense tlmt nil things have life? Philosophers and evolutionists might, at least,- try , to learn lucre' about children than-they know at present-—more about what passes in. their mi mis. •. An American author, Miss Wiltso, has lately published some studies of childish ideas. Thoy are less fetichistic than Miss Ingelow’u anecdote. A child might naturally make tiid myth that thunder is caused by rolling about heavy balls in heaven, or think that rain was caused by “ the leaking of jthe watfer carta up,, there.” . There is a pretty tide of it ,poor little city child, who had seen diamonds. *‘iu a shop window, and on a patch of grass in Miss Maloney’s yard, real, early in tho morning,!’ Sun, moon, and stars are regarded'as men, women,-or angels, just as by tho Australians, or tiie people of The Big Arerkt& A child whose feet were stained bv blue' stockings thought il some of the sky liad fallen down and lie had stepped, in it. ’ Ho will not" Tits nearer Heaven than when hd was a boy ” in later years. Much might bo learned if mothers and nurses were anthropologists, but it has not come to that yet. . 