THB MAGAZINES FOR MARCH. Tho Fortnightly Review certainly cannot be called dull. Indeed, it is a somewhat startling number. Mrs. Mona Caird, who recently attacked the institution of marriage in the Daily Telegraph, returns to the charge. She argues that woman ought not to be dependent on man, but in all the relations of life have as much liberty as he has. From this it would follow, according to the writer, that marriage, "as we now understand it," must cease to exist. All this is forcibly put, but when the writer comes to her remedy she breaks down utterly. She suggests that men and women should make their own contracts of alliance and separate when they will. When they separate the quasi-wife is to have the "final right," in the absence of agreement to the contrary, to the children. A complete answer to such proposition is that men would never agree to it. Mr. Spearman, in an able article, conclusively proves the advantage of scientific anthropometry, as practised in France, over our otn loose methods of identifying criminals. " The Legend of Madame Krasinska" is a weird story by the lady who writes under the nom de plume of "Vernon Lee." My. William Day, the well-known ex-trainer, contributes a rather striking paper on " The Evil of Betting nud its Cure." Ho wants to see ready-money betting with bookmakers abolished in England, aud tho _wi tmtfital sanctioned instead. " King Plagiarism and His Court " is an attack by Mr. James llunciman on Mr. Rider Haggard. Those who read it will have little doubt that in " Mr. Meaion's Will " the novelist simply re-wrote a descriptivo article by Mr. Runciman which had appeared in the Pall Mall Gazette. Mr. Bradlaugh's paper on " Regulation by Statute of the Hours of Adult Labour" is au elaborate and carefully-balancäd argument against the eight-hours movement. Tho main gist of his contention is that when, workmen are well organ- ised no statute is needed, and that whole thoy are not thoy do uot doierve legislative help. In the Contemporary Review M. Emile de Lavaleye has a fine paper on "Communism." His argument—a very noteworthy one—is that tho Communists have never studied the problems of property by the historic, i.e., the only scientific method. Communism is a protest against the existing order rather than a system of organisation in itself. As we have seen, it owes its birth to an erroneous inference from the principle of fraternity or from that of equality, but in neither case does it offer any hope of a new social order. Real study of man's instincts is entirely lacking in its doctrines and precepts. It disdains to study because it only recognises in our present state of society spoliation and injustice, and the order of things it dreams of is the exact reverse of what it sees. It troubles itself nought with the laws of pro- duction and distribution ; they are unessential, and are to be entirely set aside. There is no transition between the forests primeval and paradise, between the wandering savages and angels united in bonds of ineffable love. It does not understand the onward maroh of civilisation, and fails to perceive the slow and arduous, but none the less sure and glorious, progress of reason. But though no Communist, M. Laveleye believes that the laws of property will be altered in the near future, and that property will become a personal rather than a hereditary right. Property is becoming more accessible. It is, there- fore, probable that a time will come when all will share in it, as it is essential to a real state of freedom, and the true development of individuality, that all should accomplish. It is also becoming more and more a reward of labour. We may, therefore, reasonably believe that by-and-by that maxim, which is at once both the absolute negation of Communism and the most sacred justice, will receive due legislative recognition — to each the produce, and nothing but the produce, of his labour. Another noteworthy paper is one by Mr. Andrew Lang in answer to a crude and badly reasoned article by Mr. Grant Allen, in the February number of 'lie Fortnightly Review. Mr. Grant Allen had argued that Jehovah was originally a " fetish stone." Mr. Lang now show* with great critical acumen and ' unrelenting logic, that there aro no certainly ascertained facts to warrant any such conclusion. The article is worth rending 'for another reason, because it is an ablo summary of what is known about primitive burial outitoms. Writing on " Anglo-Catholicism," Principal Fairbairn argues with considerab e force that the High Church party virtually substitute the clergy for the chtiroh. An interesting part of his paper is where he shows that Anglo-Catholicism has entirely failed to touch the higher literature or England, Its theories have had no attractiveness lor such mea as Arthur Clough, William Morris, Swinburne, Matthew Arnold. Browning, and Tennyson, all of whom, as men naturally of this religions temperament, might have baen charmed by such theories bad they not found them to be false and unsatisfying. Of the remaining articles. Canon Maccoll'a biographical »ketch of "Dr. Dillinger" and the lion. Lyulph Stanley's paper on " Freo Schools " are the most noteworthy. The sensational article in the Nineteenth Century ia " A Battlo described from the Ranks." le pur- ports to be written by a corporal of the Cameronian Highlanders, bat it is so obvioaslv a made up narrative that we can onlv wonder that the editor could for a moment have been deceived. Otherwise the number is very rich in interesting art ele'«. Mr. Gladstone chats pleasantly on "Baoks and tho housing of thom ;" Lord Bramwell writes on his favourite subjeot, "Property;" Professor Huxley, who eoíms lo have forsaken natural soiouse for política1 economy, contributes a paper on "Capital;" Prince ICropotkin writos oa " Brain Work ;" and Mr. Hcrbott Spencer on " Justice." In quality the " N«w Roviow " is quito on a par with its moro expensive rivals. Lady Froderick Cavendish writes on the question, " What is to b« done with the morally deficient ?" Her plan with regard to women is to Bedurie them in laundries whero they would carn their living and remain undor constant supervision.. Apparently, she would condemn them to a lils of celibaoy, which of course would be a good thing for tho community if only thoy would consent Mr. Frederic Harrison keenly criticisos the roport of tho Parnell Comm.ssion, which ho declares shows bias throughout. A clever papor on " The Origin of Animals," by Mr. Grant Allen, should not escapo notice. Writing on "Turf Reform," Lord Durham argues in favour of the Jockey Club beine; madi a move representative bidy. Ho is certainly rig at in suggesting that "assumed names " ehouid no longer be allowed. Mr. Fiank Stockton's story of tho " Merry Chanter " ends in this number of tho Century. It is full of humour, but marred by a perfectly idiotic legal blunder, on which the plot mainly turns. He describes an English nobleman as liable to lifelong incarceration in a debtor's ptison because he cannot pay debts created by his ancestors I Mr. Jefferson continues his interesting " Autobiography." The following is his account of Solbern's first appearance as Lord Dundreary: As I have beforo «aid, öothera was much dejected at being compelled to play the part. He said he could do nothing with it, and teitaihly for the first two week« it was a dull effort, and produced bat little effect. So in despair he besan to introduce oxtravagunt bua'uess into his character, skipping about the stage, stammering and sneezing, and, in short, doing all ho could to attract, nnd distract the attention of tho audienco. To tho surprise of every one, himself included, thesoantic«, intended by him to'injure the character, were received by the audi- ence willi delight. lie was a shrewd man as well as an effective actor, and he saw at a glance that acci- dent lind revealed to him a golden opportunity. He took advantage of it, and with cautious steps increased his tpeeíl, feeling the ground well under him as he proceeded. Barote the first month was over he »tood side by side with any otber character in the play ; and at the end of the run ho was, in ray opinion^ consider- ably in advance of us all. And his success in London in the same character fully attests, whatever may be said to th« contrary, that as an extravagant, eccentric comedian in the modern range of comedy he was quite without a rival. There are somo lovely illustrations to an article on "Gloucester Cathedral," and an account of the "Sun Bancos" of the Stoux Indians is highly curious. , The two best things in Scribner's Magasine are tho articles on " Cbarle3 Lamb " and on " John Ericsson, the Engineer." That on " Charles Lamb " is charmingly illustrated. , 'Mr. Ruskin'« admirers will turn eagerly to an article in Harper, in whioh some most interesting letters from him are given ; there is also a fine portrait of, him, and in tha illustrations bit I favourite haunts, are depicted. A pa¡i«r ou I " Venoiian Boats," and another on tbo "Americin I Army," nte among the chief attractions of this number, and Professor Hensoldt's most singulti . account of the " Cobra Stone" should not bo passai over. io <' Australia from Another Point of ViewV' which appears in Macmillan is written by » anonymous resident in New Zealand, arid is is i hitter an attack on tho Australian colonies and their inhabitants as tho writer could maka it. In fact, it is so bitter 'hat the most ignorant reader will sus. poot its veracity. For example, the agitation >i tho Chinese labour fjuestion could scarcely hav«{ been entirsly based on " blustering falsehood." The following is tho picture drawn of the present financial state of Australia: Such i* tho «tato of this Australia to whose bidding wo now bend, and of whose unexampled prosperity w» make such proud boasting. Ita metropolitan popula, lions aro growing fa»ter than thi- gpoeral population, its gener.il populations than tho meat supply, and ila dott« faster'than oil. A curious sort of prosperity It ii~ built on gold and propped by lunns. Tbo gambling spirit entered Australia with the gold discoveries, unit haï never left it. There la no such thing u steady progress. Spasms of inflated speeul«. lion occur fro.-n time lo time, to he follawed by tho Inevitable colltpso; and toe only rerociy ia i new loan, to ease the crash so far as potsibl» and keep tha working man in good humour. If the loan be cot forthcoming, exit the working man to a place when loans aro still pouring ia. This is ne exaggeration. The men thal have left Kow Zealand within the patt year are counted by thousands, 'ihtr carat for employment on public works, that ia to sir, lo take their share of the New Zealand loans. Now Zealand can obtain no more money in this way, and thoy leave foi- Auatralla or elsewhere. As tha credit of the various provinces becomes exhausted (aid the time is not sn far distant when at least one will Uni itself in serious cifllouUies) the exodus will extend to them also. Meanwhile the présent system of utz s ¡ni; bills on posterity ¡a too easy to be readily abandoned. Posterity, when the time comes, will make its own reflections on 'ho unprofitable jobs, exhaustedsoils, und wasted foresta which represent its assets. But srtit does that matter to tho present gent ration r ita mia bo allowed to borrow to an unlimited extent, and yet squander tho security on which his loan« are raised, so much the better for him, and so much the wone for bil creditors. ? On the rotations between the mother country and Australia, the writer has something to say: Let it, however, be understood that the" privilege of lending them money lethe one return that we oin ti. peet from the Australian colonies. They aro unwilling to receive our emigrants ; they do their best to eidudj our manufactures; thoy are ready at all times to embroil us with foreign Power« for the petty ephemeral ends of their statesmen ; they close their tropic«! territory to the raes that is of all others pre-eminently qualified U turn it tu account, being themselves unable tu develop it; they are, in a word, always ready to embarras and interfere with tho old country,-but tbey will never refuse a loan so long as they can get it. Loan» form the one link that binds them' to England; and, with all their high talk about "cutting tha painter," the colonies dare not do anything- of the kind, for it would moan that tbeir loan» would be cutoff also. But tt is time that England should remember that she is a mortgagee as well as protectress ; that tils foolish course of conceding everything to the colonie» only because they choose to hôwl for it, should bt abandoned once for nil ; and that any < hange of colonial policy should I e rather in the resumption than of the further rehnquishment of our power over the Austra- lian continent. A moro absurd sentence than the last was never penned. There is a clever article on " The Naming of Novels" in the same magazine. The writer eeema quite right when he gives "The Scarlet Letter " as the beat of all titles« We can only indicate the bist things in tho re- maining magazines. " St Georg.i and the Deagon " in the Cornhill is an attempt to trac* tho storr to Egrptün totamism, the dragon being a crocodile. Theie is a good paper on " Dryden " in Temple Sar, and an oddj ghost story called "The Anonyma." "The Good Little Girl." in Longman's Magazine, is a delicious fairy story by' P. Anstey. " A Submerged Village," by Grant Allon; "Rugby Football," by H. Vassall; "Cats and Kittens," by Mrs. Panton ; and a story calle! " Tho Old Brown Mare," by W. E. Norris, are pro« minent in an unusually good number of the English Illustrated. The admirable papers, 1' Ia.- the - Days, of the Dandies," by the late ' Lord Lamington, aro concluded in this number of Blackwood, where, too,' "The 014 Saloon " is interesting. Sir Somers Vine describe» " The Imperial Institute " in the afoaatine of Art, and his article is finely illustrated by the archi« teeta. "The part played by Wales in the history of the Englirh Church " is the most important paper in the Newbery Route M'tgaiine. There are several good artio'es in the Antiqwry -notably one on " lfoly Well»." Chamber*' | Journal is, as _ usual, full of entertaining I stories and short articles. Mr. Harry Furness, th* I well-known Punch artist, contributes some cUver sketches of public speakers to Canell's FamAy Magazine. "The Ducking of Goody Grill," in 6,', Nicholas, is a witch story which end happily, and .'Jack's Cure" is an excellent tala, Harper't Foung People has an Indian story, "The Bed Mustang," in which boys will delight Spriajíy* is a new magazine for children. It is bright enough to justify its name, but we doubt if there is roon for it In the Field (Huh, also a new magazine, Mr. Walter Rothschild tells of the acclimatisation of kansaroos in England, and his letter is interest- ing enough to be quoted : Many years ago-in 1875, I think-my father tried to breed kangaroos in England. But ho met with little success, as our male and young one. were poisoned hy eating laurel, though the témalo lived until 1S62. On my return to Iincland, however, m the winter of I8S7 88, I bogan to procure nome more kangara is ef various kinds, and turned thom down loo>e in the park and woods, instead of, as before, keeping them in van!. The experiment has tuned out a complete success, as they breed freelv, and wa have now 28 or '30 kangaroos in all, of four different (tinda. Those are the giant kangaroo (Macropus major), the red kangaroo (M. rufus), Bennett's wallaby (Ilalmaturas Bonnottii), und the blacV wallaby (¡1. ualabulus). There havo boen many places in Fngland where kangaroos havo bean kept with great ease, namely, in tho parks of tho Dukes of Marlborough and Newcastle, the Earl of Derby, and many other«. But these have HII boen, kept in pens or small endosares, while oura havo bad unrestrained liberty, in company with a largo numbor of emus and rhcas, which ure thriving equally well. 1 have five kiwis now, sad hope that thoy" will breed, as they have paired well enough. " Bible Difficulties " is again a now venture. Tt seems likely to he usof al to Bible students, " Oneil Luck," an Australian story, is now one of th» serials in the Soys' Own Paper. In the Qirli Otmi Paper we notice an article on " Ladies' Golf, and how to play it." " John G. Paton, and his Life in the New Hebrides," is an artiols in the Sunday at Uorne, which will gieatly iotersit Australian readers. In The Sun Dr. 0. Mac- donalds "Thora and Back" is continued, and Professor Church, also contributes a sketch of "Sejanuj." In The Quiver a nicely-illustrated, article on Iceland will be found, heisnre Bow is good all through. We may menton in pir« ticular an account of a recent visit to Tahiti and Pitcairn's Island Mr. dark Bussell has aa admirable nautical story in Little Foils. 