THE GHOST OF A SHARK. Five years ago last summer, when Yellow Jack played such . havoc in Bio Janeiro, it was almost impossible to get men to ship for that port, and many vessels went out short-handed, among them the good ship Clio, of Baltimore, of which I shipped boatswain and acting, second? mate. Itiere was. no- thing remarkable about the voyage out. We iftd a (rood ran. arrived safely, dis charged oar flour and took in our coffee without having a man sick with the fever or anything else. In Bio L we picked up a young Englishman, Ned Hatpin by name, a thorough sailor, who soon became a prime favorite with all hands. We passed Gape St. Roque on the homeward voyage one dark equally night, with now and then a dash of rain. The wind was south-east, and I walked the quarter-deck, impatiently wait ing for eight belle. Balpin was just coming down the mizzen rigging, when I saw him swing far over the side and peer earnestly into the sea. When he dropped to deck 1 asked what he was looking at. lie replied, ' Well, Mr. Shelby, I either saw my twin brother swallowed by a shark, or I saw my own ghost and the ghost of a shark, and 1 never had a brother, so it must be me.' I charged him with having rum in the fore castle and with drinking more than was good for him and ordered him forward. He started} but as he reached the break of the half-deck he called me. ' There it is, now,' he said, pointing into the water.along eide. I looked, but 6»w nothing but the rushing phosphorescent foam, as the. seas broke against the. vessel's side. I admit that I waeeomewhatimpresBedby the man's earnestness, bnt . ordered him forward ronghly, and, eight bells striking soon after, the incident passed from my mind. The nights for about two weeks were alter nately squally and fine, attd every squally night Ned would see that imajre. We made a quick ran with good weather from latitude 10 north to the Gapes of Chesapeake, and would have forgotten all about the matter had not Ned often eaid, ' Boys, I'll never see Baltimore.' ' When the white tower of Gape Henry came in sight many a joke was passed regarding Ned'e shark, but the poor fellow shook his head sadly and muttgred, 'I'll never see Baltimore,'. A tug boat* toot asln tow 'and th'e men 'were aloft furling gallant sails, when there was a cry and a splash of water, then a shriek of mortal anguish, and as the cry of ' Man overboard!' rang through the ship, poor Ned vies seen to sinV beneath the ralm sur face of the bay, his life-blood staining the water around him, while the dorsal fin of the shark that for 20 years has haunted the Tirginia capes told the horrified witnesses that Ned's vision was true, and added but another chapter to the psychological mys teries that happen from time to time, and which no man may explain. ' It is too bad,' said Mrs. Cauliflower ; ' all the wine and eperkle have gone out of life since we married.' ' Sparkle enough in it yet, I am sure ; we epar every day,' retorted the husband. She : ' No, Max, you really mustn't ! One hundred pounds for a diamond ring ! I can't let you!' He: 'Oh, but just think, my dear, what a saving I shall make on your glove bills !' Mrs. B. : 'John, I wish you wouldn't come in so late as you did last night. Can't you come home earlier ?' Mr. B. : 'Maria, it was 2 o'clock when I got in. That isn't late; that's early.' Mrs. B. : ' Well, John, I wish you wouldn't come in so early, then ; do come home late, that's a good fellow.' ' There is no trnth in men,' said a lady in company. 'They are like musical instruments, which sound a variety of tones.' ' In other words, madam,' said a wit, who chanced to be present, 'you believe that all men are lyres' 