MR. AND MKS. BOWSER. Br Mas. Bowsee. I suppose Mr. Bowser is just like all other husbands in regard to money matters, and 1 hope no oue will get the idea that I ain speaking in a complaining tono. It is the duty of a wife to put np with whatever queer things her husband's nature mav develop, aud no wif« must wonder over a "husband's inconsistencies and incomprehensible actions. A few weeks before we were married he himself brought np the subject of money matters, and that to my great embarrassment. In a sudden burst of liberality he said : " There is one thing which shall never happen in my house. You will never be obliged to ask me for money. I know husbands who treat their wives as they would collectors come for an outlawed account. They pinch them down to the last shilling, and even then demand to know how that was expended. Such husbands as those deserve the contempt of every decent man." " Yes," I replied, not knowing what else to say. •• When we are married," he continued, " half my income is yours. Why not 'i We are the same, or will be the same, as partners in business. Although I may carry the money about for mutual convenience and safety, you have the same risht to it as I have. When you want any, just go to the pocket-book and help " We had been married several weeks when I wanted a couple of dollars. I happened to think of it as Mr. Bowser lay asleep on the lounge one evening, and I therefore took out his pocketbook, removed a 2aoL bill, and replaced the rest as I found it. As I did so he lumped up and yelled out: -Well, if that isn't cheek then I don't know what the article is ! Married only six weeks, and you are robbing your husband 1" You told me to help myself." Never! I'd look pretty telling you to rob me, wouldn't I ?" B ut you said half yonr income belonged to me, and that I never need ark for money." " You must be crazy. What on earth could you do with money ? " Why, if you had lodoL or aOdol. per week you'd run us to ruin in three months. I don't want to pinch yon down as some wives are pinched, but don't you everha,ve the audacity to put a hand on my wallet again. When you want change I'll give it to you." In tho course of a week or two I asked him for a dollar. It was at the breakfast table, and the way he suddenly looked up almost cauredme to choke on a mouthful of potato." " A dollar !" he exclaimed. " Yes, you said I should ask you when I wanted any money." " Humph ! Here is 40c., and I hope you will exercise good judgment in expending it." Two days later he inquired how I had used the money, and by way of reply I said : . 1 Mr. Bowser, we have been married eight sks. Your inc'ime, as yon have informed me, is 40dol. per week." " W-what's that to do with this case?" " A great deal, sir. You have had 2S0dol. come in since we were married. How have you spent it ? Please get out your account book." "Are you talking to inei"' " Certainly. I am the same as a business partn. r. How hasthat money gone ?" He tried to say something in reply, but words failed him, and he put ou his hat aud walked round the block to cool off. When he returned he had calmed down sufficiently to say: " Mrs. Bowser, there must bo a head to every house." "Yes." " That head must see to money matters." " Yes." " I don't want to pinch you aown, as I said before, for I despise a husband who will do that. While my money is your money ,o a certain extent, it—it—" " It is not my money to another certain extent f" . " Well, tho proper way for you is to confer with me as to what you need.'' " If you want a cigar or a drink of beer or a street car ticket, do you confer with me ?" " But that's different." " Oh ! it is ! Very well—let us confer. Get out vour pencil and put down: 1 strap for 1 petticoat, 2c.; 1 darning needle, 1c.; 6 agate buttons, 3c.; 1 corset lace—" " Stop!" he interrupted. " As I said before, I don't want to pinch you down, but I hope you will exercise good judgment in making your purchases. Here's a half, and you needn't show me any bill of items." We had not been married three months when I observed some very peculiar actions on the part of Mr. Bowser. He would count his money the last thing at night and the first thing in the morning. On two occasions I found t.is wallet in the hall-tree drawer when I came down first. Again, it was under the lounge iu the sitting- room. When I asked for an explanation of these queer proceedings he replied that it was to guard azainst burglars. One nio-ut, when he thought I was asleep, he got up and took his wallet from under the bureau and hid it between the mattresses of the spare Vied. An hour later I went in and found it and removed its contents, about 4Udol. This money I placed in his pants pocket and went to sleep prepared fcr a surprise party. One came. 1 was down stairs when he got up, and presently I heard him dancing about and shoutl n ?' By the greit horn spoon! but we've been ro ..bed. Mrs. Bowser!" "Well!-" . " We had burglars in the house last night: " No !" " Yes, we had " How do you know ?" " Because my money is gone !"' " Where was it r" " It was " He checked himself there and mumbled something I could not hear, hut wheu he camo down lie was white as a ghost, and his voice trembled as he said: . " Mrs. Dowser, do you think the cook is honest 'r'" " Why, of course. How could she come in our bedroom and take your wallet out or your coat Strangest thingl ever saw. They toakthe money, but left the wallet." At this moment he began searching his pockets, and when he found the money he looked so foolish that I feltto pity him. Since then I have found his wallet in the washstand, in the bed, behind the bureau, under different chairs, in the clothes hamper, and behind tho clock. Once ho left his coat to have a button sewed on. I had not got around to it yet, aud he had been gone au hour or more, when 1 looked out and saw hiin coming up the street on the keen jump, with everybody turning to look at him. I supposed the house was on_ fire, and grew bo weak that I had to fall into ».' chair. He jumptd against the front door with a great bang, fussed around to unlock it, aud linally rushed in to yell out : " Where is my coat ?" " Is—is the house atire I asked. ' Thunder, no ? Where's my coat;" Why, hanging on the liall-trce." " And you've been into my wallet r" " No, I haven't. I haven't even touched the coat." He gave an awful grunt, of delight as ho found the wallet safe, and, as I_ afterwards ascertained, it contained exactly 7doI. and no The following is said to be the shortest sentence in the English langaage containing all the letters of the alphabet: " Jo'iu P. Brryly gave mis a black walnut box of quite small size." Tho entire sentence contains less than twice the BOfflbcr o(letters in the alphabet. 