THE SCHOOLBOY AND THE PAR LIAMENT. [Bt A Scribbler.] That free education debate reminds one of the Smoking-Room talk for which an older free education discussion was responsible. That was in the better time when the members were fewer ; when the House and the Smoking-Room were homelier ; when the Parliamentary days were shorter by hours, and the sessions by weeks; and when the precious minutes were not wasted as they are to-day. But one thing was the same ; that thing was Parliamentary human nature. A certain speaker in that former free education debate was one of those Political Poppies that glare upon the beholder for a little while, and afterwards are no more Been or thought of. Three fourths of the people of South Australia have forgotten that that particular Politi cal Poppy ever bloomed garishly in Parlia ment ; but whilst it did bloom there was at least one man who considered that no other political flower was like unto that Poppy for wealth of colour, and that when it should close its petals there could be no more Parliamentary garden. The sequel should be interesting to the Political Poppies of all seasons. Everybody did not share the Poppy's estimation of him self, and one candid young critic wrote something which ' almost shrivelled the Poppy before its time. The Poppy Lad an erroneous notion that the critic had been educated in a State school, and he was properly indignant. ?''Education,' he grunted; 'free education ! Humph ! If J had to settle it there wouldn't be no education at all by the Government. I wasn't educated by no Government. We've had part free education already, and what's been the consequence ? Why, people what's beon educated at our expense in our schools come here and poke fun at us.' And the self-deluded Poppy really fancied that the Parliament made tho people, and that without the Parliament there could be no South Australia — an idea in which he was possibly wrong. How beit, he must be credited with inspiring the notion that interesting results might be obtained if a young literary aspirant fresh from a school wero sent to the Strangers' Galleries, supplied with just sufficient information to guide him, and required to write a composition conveying his fresh, unprejudiced impressions of what he heard and saw. Having finished my pre face, I stand aside to allow tho Preco cious Model Schoolboy to use his pen exactly as he may list, not oven ven turing to modify the unfettered freedom of his grammar. 'Well,' ho says, 'I've been to Par liament, and 'tain't so awful after all. The House 's rather toney-looking ; but it's got great rags drawn across it, for fly catchers, I s'posc, or something. Tho members keep nearly all tho room for themselves, and put tho public that pays their wages into little places called Strangers' Galleries because the people that go into 'em are so well known. I didn't seo that that was fair, and so I was walking down into the comfortable place with tho membors when a man dressed like a policeman caught me by the arm. ' 'Come out,1 says ho, 'or the Speaker '11 name yer.' 'And so I come out. I never will argue points with a policoman — 'tain't dignified — specially when he's got a club in his waistcoat pocket. So I got a gentleman — I know he was a gentleman, because he told me ho wasn't a member of Parliament, though I've heard that some members is gentlemen— to take me into the Strangers' Gallery as his young son, and then I begin to put down notes for my composition. I meant to be incog., and thought nobody knew mo, but the last day I was there a member — Mister Hancock was his name — looked at the gallery, and said what fine kind lads schoolboys was. He must have spotted me, youscc. Mister Hancock's a gentleman, but he was a bit out by-and-by when ho said boys in school didn't know who paid. Ho should havo seen me licking Jack Gyllo last week because his father don't pay his school money, and ho ain't fit to 'sociate with we swells whose fathers does. 'But I mustn't wander from the House in this composition. Over in a place what is called the Press Gallery a lot of other gentlemen besides me was taking notes for ? their composi tions. They looked very disgusted when one fellow talked an hour about nothing, and the yawning was fearful. But I don't wonder at peoplo yawning; I yawned. I'd rather be kept in when there's a circus in town than write com positions about Parliament, though I know all about it now, and believe I'm good enough to startasaliterary man by carrying copy from Parliament to tho printers. The chief man in tho House's called Mister Speaker. I can't see his namo in the Directory, becauso I looked to find whether he was Mister John Speaker or Mister William Speaker, or what. Anyway his name's Mister Something Speaker, and a fine looking man he is, too. Ho sits up solemn and stiff in a big chair, and he's got a frock with white lace liko Sister Sue puts on when young Mr. Joanos is coming to 'see her. Oh! and don't she pretend to be nice and sweet when /m's about ; if he could only see her some times when she's talking cross to her poor young brother, which is me, thoro wouldn't be no chance of Mr. Joanes being brother-in-law to the smartest boy in our school. 'There, calling myself the smartest boy sounds like boasting; but 'UinZ associations corrupt good manners,' as the copybook says — I remember it, because tho capital E's jolly hard to make. I didn't boast before I mixed up with Members of Pariiament, but ono day when I was in I heard a gentleman what was called Mister Holder, who talks fast like a horse galloping, speechifying about what wonderful things he'd done ; and so I s'pose I've caught it like measles. I wonder whether Mister Holder's got any copybooks, because I can send him one. It's got a fine copy in round-hand in the first leaf — Self-praise ain't any rc-comrmen-da-tion. 'But about Mister Speaker again ; the funny tiling is that he's the only man what don't speak at all. They ought to call him Mister Silencer, I should think. The reason why he wears a frock is out of compliment to the ladies, because every lady's a born speaker. His frock's black 'cause black's mourning, and he puts on mourning on account of all the political questions what he sees die every year. That's what one of the reporters' copy boys told me, and copy boys know everything. Their brain is fearful heavy, and their ears is made big so's to hear everything. Then there's two men in front of Mister Speaker called clerks. They wear frocks too, and one of them's got such nice black curly hair that a lady in front of me said 'My, how sweet, and wasn't ha just Anna-Donis,' whoever Anna-Donis is. 'While I'm talking about ladies I ought to say in my composition that the Strangers' Gallery's a great place forthem. I saw nearly a dozen of parsons there, and other ladies besides. These others nodded their heads, specially when they had pretty bonnets, and smiled and talked like you never heard. Pretty often some members— and the young ones more than the rest — wanted to yarn to the ladies about important political matters, and when any member got up to talk in the big room he looked over to where tho ladies sat, like he wanted them to see what a jolly fine speaker he was. The other members would whisper to the ladies very confidential, and the ladies would smile sweet, and then the members would walk away looking mighty flattered, and the ladies would nod their heads and say, 'Now, mercy me; you see'— which is rhymes—' we'll get our Bill.' 'BUI isn't the name of a man, but it's something to do with politics, so the reporters' boy told me. If the poor ladies goes to collect bills from some of them members they need to smile the other side their mouths if all I hear's true; but women are more likely to get the money than bailiffs ; they talk so winning and look so sweet. Men couldn't always col lect bills from members of Parliament 'cause once they had a lawwhich wouldn't let you put members of Parliament in gaol if they didn't pay. It's different now. Any way, that's what Jim Jakes says, and Jim ought to know 'cause his sister Jane's husband is nephew to a man what's got a second cousin a bailiff. But I think the lady must have meant some other kind of bills, 'cause they bring in lots of Bills into the House and put them on the table; and to see 'em doing it's better than eating almond toffy with ginger in it. When father gets bills brought he makes believe he hasn't, and keeps quiet liko, but the fuss members of Parliament make is a caution. 'I saw a member bring in a Bill, and I couldn't help thinking of the cackle cackle our black-and-white pullet made when she laid her first egg. The member jumped up very sudden from his cushion, just as if a bull-ant wanted to sit down, too, and there wasn't room convenient for both, and he rushes in and out the seats as if he was steeplechasing, and when he gets to the end of the carpet in the passage ho flourishes a big piece of paper over his head and yells, all out of breath— 'A Bill, Mister Speaker.' Then Mister Speaker looks cross and serious, like father when invoices comes fromthe drapers after mother's been buying bonnets and things, and growls like as if he's had Bills enough already— l0h, bring it up.' Then tho member what's got the Bill rushes down to the Speaker's table as if somebody was chasing him, or he was doing the last lap in a go-as-you-please, and pops the Bill on tho tablo. Then Mister Speaker gets up and says all cross-like to one of tho clerks— ' Bead the Bill first time!' and the clerk gets up and reads just its name, and sits down l'ke he's too tired to read more. If I was Mister Speaker tho clerk should read it all ; becauso what's tho good of reading the top just liko 'Bot, of J. Smith, in father's bills. (I d»n't know why grocers can't spell bought proper.) But, Mister Speaker, he say nothing ; only tells the clerk to read it a second time some other day, and then everybody looks mighty tired. ' Oh, yes ; there's lots of funny thing!' in Parliament, but perhaps the funniest is when a member gets up to speak. At our school the master says that when any one's talking to us it's not polite to inter rupt, but Parliament manners must bo an other sortof patent. When amember starts to speak nearly all the rest yarn together loud, like they was trying to make him keep quiet, and somo contradicts him flat, which would bo rude in our school, and some go to sleep andlook as if they was saying don't bother me ; and some go outside and smoke pipes, and— goodness knows — perhaps they fight, considering how they contradict each other so savage ; and somo what stay call out 'Hear, hear,' but nobody won't 'hear, hear,' and by-and-by tho man's what's supposed to be speaking gets tired, looks sad up to the Press reporters liko he was think ing 'Bo merciful to a fellow/ and sits down. ' That's nearly all I know about Par liament except that when tho members go into the House they bob to Mister Speaker, and he bobs back so much that no man can't be a Mister Speaker unless he's got a double-spring neck. That's what the reporters' boy says. Some bow in the curiouscst way, like a sunflower in the wind, and some like a bamboo, and some like a ha'penny monkey on a stick. Then one member keeps his hat on when he's sitting down, which isn't O.K. man ners in our school ; but it's a fine, big hat, about 2 feet tall, and black and shiny like a looking-glass. If ho didn't keep it on perhaps peoplo mightn't know he'd got a hat liko that. Some day I'll write another composition about Parliament ; but no moro at present, hoping this composition will suit.' No, no, my young friend, the composi tion will not suit. . Such free comments in such free grammar are enough to arouse the ghost of our glorious Consti tution. 