an Ocean Tragedy. Br W. CLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER XXXII.-(confti ned.) CoNOLUSION. A, Inst, one morning we found our relves in the English Channel, bowling over thie green ridges of it before a strong aouth-wecsterly wind, and within fifty hours of making the Lizard Liglht the brve little barque Sltai of Peace was being warped to her berth in the East JldiaDocks. Down to thatwerymoment, incredible as it may seem, Lady Monson oad given neither her sister nor myself tie 'aguest hint of what she intended to do. As we stood waiting to step 'ashore she arrived on deck and appronahing Liura, exclaimed: "Mr. Monson, I presume, will escort ou to a lhotel." "Wnn'tyou aecompany us, Henrietta ?" ,sister asked. "No, I choose to be independent. I huill go to such and such a hotel," and she named the house at which she had ,topped with Colonel Hope-Kennedywhen she arrived in London on her way to Southampton. "You can address me there or call upon me, Laura. I have not yet decided on any steps. In all proba bilitr I shall return to IMelboune, but not at present." She extended her shand coldly to her 'ister and gave me a haughty bow. Laura bit her lips to restrain her tears, but hlier pridle was stung; disgust and etazement too fell cool upon her grief. The last I ever saw of Lady MIonson a sns she passed along the quay towards hie diockyard gates. As she paced for aihl, stltely;uisw; her carriagi queenly sad easy as tlhough, sumptuously clothed, :nd in the full pride of hler beauty she rnol the floor of a ball- room, the scores of siloRs, labourers, loafers who thronged 'he decks turned to a man to stare after ur. A strange and- strikiing figure adeed she made, lhabitedl in the dress which shie wore when the Shal k foundered, sud slicl, as you imay suppose, by this time showed very much like the end of a ,lug voyage. The brown veil concealed ier features and to a certain degree ,ualitied the outlandish appearance of the sailor's grass lhat upon her head. "So!" saidl I as she disappeared, " and inow, Laura, it is for you and me to ,uashiore." We lade a cordial farewell to Captain Ric?iardson and hIis mates, and to Fini ind Cutbill, both of whom promised to all upon me. I had the address of the tnrer of the vessel, and told tIhe skipper tlhast next day I would communicate with tlie ofice and defray whaltever expenses we had put the ship to. I further took the addresses of the captain and hiis mates thallt I miighl send themi some token of imy goralitudle for our deliverance and for tihe smany kindnesses they had done us during the lung nand tedious plassage. A few ]hours later I had conmfortably bldged Laura in a snug private hotel sittini an easy walk of iy lodgings, to shish I forthwith repaired, and took pos scssisn of afresh with such an eolotion of lewilderment excited inme by tile famniliar rnms, and by the feeling that I was once llre in Lonlldos, with nio mnore runaway wises to clhasec, no miore Dutchmien to fire sit i no imore duels to assist in, no more ralcaie rocks to slulit upon, and nio mnore gallains to sleep in, that I felt like a mlan lust awakened from some wild and vivid dreamll whlose iln]pressions colltillue 0so acute that the famsiliar obljects his eyes olen upon seem as llaintasms that must Iresetnllv fade. My finrt act was to send a mnilliner and dressmaker to Laura, and tosce in other ways to her inmmediate risluirements; miy next to address a letter toWilfrid's solicitors, inwhich I acquainited ithen withl the loss of the Bridle anid the dflath of my couisin. Whlom else to write to at once absut the ipoor fellow I did not kntw. I asked after his infant, and requested thems to tell nmie if the child was still withl the lady with whosm my cousin had placeal it before leaving England. I addled that I should be pleased to see one of thle partners and relate the full story of the voage, the object of which I could not dIoult Wilfrid had informed them of laBfore sailns' I spent the eveninSg with Laura. All our talk was about whlat she was to do until sle shad heard from her father, to twhm she told mle she had written a long letter within an hour after her arrival at the lhotel, "so as to lose no time, Charles." Shie lhad no relatins in Ensgland, scarcely an acquaintance for the matter of thart; sits hnto sw s she to live then l Even etd Lasdv Monson settled down in a house shie ts uot a Iersons ittl whoi I could laive lesired the girl I was siflissnced to to i"e lng sisad isitisimately associssted. The nitsiss of lier retuening to Austrilia alosse 5ii 55ot tol be esitertasined. There seemied nothings tlesn for it but for me to overhaul tie ist of miy coannections, to miake experi ieiots in the direction of relations, and dileavodur to find a home for her with one or allthler of themi until there should ?,?eC daly arrive a mail from Australia giris me leave to take hlier to miy heart. \ell, it o?uis niext mioning that I hiad inislheld brecakfast sld was sitting musing 'd'er a fire witli a isesslaper on my knee. My siind was full of the past. I re 'elemlber looking around me almost incre lul.isly with eyes that still found the iiuiliar furnituro of mny roomn unreal and sileed ahnlostu impossillo, listening with dais thsit could scarcely accept as actual tile transfiormation of the roar and beat asd ulash of the se:s into thlo steady im oh ceaseless traffic in the great London iratWay into which the street I occupied OPensed. Years hand elapsed it seemed since that nihlit when soy servant had Ushered in my cousin, and I saw in fancy le wild roll of Iris eyes round the apart %ieut, the crazy flourish of his lhand, his posture as hlie sank his head upon tile table battling with his sobbing breath. I was disturbed by a smart knock on the door. "Conme in." The landlord entered: a thin, iron-grey, soft-voiced man who had for many years been butler in an carl's family, and wlho had retired and started a lodging-lhouse on discover ing that hlie had married a woman of genius in the shape of cook. "There's a person below named Muffin would like to see you, sir." I stared at him as if he were mad. "MIuffin !" I whispered. "That was thie nuite he gave, sir," he exclaitmed, astonished by my amizemnent. "eIufltin ! "I repeated, scarce crediting my hearing; "describe him, Mr. Cork." " A clean, yellow-faced man, sir, Ihair of a coal-blackness, looks down when lihe speaks, sir, seems a bit shaky in the ankles; a gentleman's servant, 1 should say, sir." "Shlow himnt up, Mr. Cork!" I ex claimed, doubitng the description as I had the name. so implossible did it seem that this person could be Wilfrid's valet. In a few moments tihe door was opened, and in stepped Mufitni !-thle Muffin of the .Bride. MIufliln the ventriloquist, Muffin tile whipped and ducked, and, as I could lhave soletmnly sworn, Muffin the drowned! He stood before me with the old familiar crook of the left knee, hold intg his hat withl both Ihands against his stomach, his head drooped, his lips twisted into their faumiliar grin of obsequious apology. His yellow face shone, his hair was as lustrous as the back of a rook; he wore large loose black kid-gloves, and he was attired in a brand new suit of black cloth. I know notlhing in the way of shocks severer for the mtoment that tells inore startingly upon tlhe whlole nervous system than tlhe meeting wiFth a manlr whom one hats for months. and mionths believed dead. I "? as un able to speak for a few mnoments. I shlrank back in my chair when hlie entered, and in thrit posture eyed him whilst lihe stood looking downwards, smiling and suggesting in hIis attitude respectful regret for takiing the liberty of intruding. " Well," said 1, fetching a deep breath, "aand so you are Muffin indeed, ehl? Well, well. Why, man, I could have sworn we left you si corpse floating close to a volcanic island near the equator." "So I suppLose, sir i " hlie exclaimned, "ibut I ami tlhankful to say, sir, that I was not drowned." I motioned him to sit; he put his bat under the chair, crossed hIis legs, and clasped his hanlds over hIis knee. A sudden reaction of feeling, supplemented by lis strange appearance, produced a fit of laughlter in me. The image of hIis radish-shlaped form, lelf-nakled, quivering down thle nmks of the seamen, with Cut bill grotesquely appiarelled compelling hIim to keep titme, recurred to me. " You seem resolved tlhat Ishadlbelieve in ghosts, Muffin," said I; "and pray Iow came you to learn that I was saved fromt the wreck, that I had returned to England, was here in thlese lodgiihgs in short, where I only arrived yesterday ?" "Sir Wilfrid received a letter front his solicitors this morning, sir, enclosing your letter to them.'" "Sir Wilfrid!" I shouted, is le alive?" " Oh yes, sir, and very muchl better both in body and mind, I'm 'appy to say, sir. He would have alled upon you hitn self, sir, but he's suffering from an attack of gout in his left foot, and hIas been obliged to keep hIis bed for two days." I jutmped froml my clhair and fell to pacing the roome to work off by locomsotion something of the amazoment that threat sned to addle miy brains. " Wilfrid alive !" I muttered. "What will Laura say to all this ? Muflin," I cried, rounding upon him, "wltmt you are telling me is a miiracle ! a thing beyond all credibility. Why, we saw tile yacht go to pieces ! nearly tihe whole mass of lier in fragments came ashlore, along withll four or five dead bodies. How in heaven's name did Sir Wilfrid escape ?" He responded by telling me the story. Jolhnson, thle nan who hlad died upon rile island, was perfectly right in saying that he believed a number of men l1ud rushed to one of thei beoats shortly after the yacht had struck. I myself, remember being felled by a gang of people flying aft in the blackness. Muffin was otne of them. ' The white water over tile side en abled them to see whsat they were about. The boat, a noble structure, of a lifeboat's quality of buoysnucy, was successfully lowered, seven men got into her, one of whom was Muffin. The yacht was then fast breaking up. Thie men, to escape being pounded to pieces by the battering rams of the wreckage hurled on every curl of sea, Iteaded out from tlhe island strainisng their hearts at the oars; but they were again and again beaten back. There were but five ousrs, and Muffin and one of the seamen having nothing to do, sat crouching in the sters slheets. Sud denly a figure showed close alongside crying loudly for help, Muffin grasped him by the air of his heatd, the other fellow leaned over, and between thent they dragged the man in. It was my cousin ! By dint of sustained and mad plying of oars, they drew the boat clear of thle wreckage, bringing the white line of the thunderous surf otl the island beach upon their quatrter; they then gave the stern of thle little fabric to the wind and seas and fled forwards like smoke, and when the dawn broke they were nsiles out of sight of the rock. A day and a niglt of dead calhn followed; thley were with out food or water, and tlheir outlook was horrible; but at sunrise on the third day they spied the gleam of a msil towards awhich they rowed, and before the dark ness fell they were safely on board a large English brig bound to Bristol. Such was Mluffin's story. He said that Sir Wilfrid, on being told it was aMuflin who had rescued him, promised to tako him back into his service on rueaching England, He added that my cousin had entirely lost the craze that had possessed him concerning his bulk and stature. The yacht on going to pieces had lihe rated him, and with his sudden and startling enlargement his mad fancy entirely passed away. So that poor old Jacob Crimp came very near tile truth when lhe had suggested to mie that my cousin's senses might be recovered by a great fright. Muffin asked me tile names of the others who were saved. I told him who they were. "And Mr. Cutbill wasn't drowned, sir ?" said hlie. "No," I replied. "And Captaiu Finn is saved too. I'm so glad, sir." But the rogue gave me a look tlhalt clearly sigiified he was very sorry indeed. An hour later I was sitting by my cousin's bedside. He was stopping at an hotel near Charing Cross. I will say nothing of tile waurmth of our meeting. Tile tears were in miy eyes as I grasped and retained his band. Hle was perfectly rational, lhad a more sensible look in his face tlhan I had ever witnessed ill it, and his imemnory was as clear as miy own. It seemed to me that the shock of ship. wreck had worked wonders in himi, though, to be sore, strong traces of coi genital wceaknescs were still visible in the quivering eyelids, the occasional irrele vant loud laugh, the Iboyisll eagerness of mianner, with now and again the passing shadow of a darkening humour. For a long time we seemed able to talk of nothing libut the wreck of the Bride and of our several experiences. I very deli cately and vaguely referred to the delu sion that had implrisoned him in his cabin, but his stare of surprise advised ime that hlie hald no recollection lwhatever of his craze, and it was like a warning to nme to instaltly quit the subject. He told me that Muflin had behaved with a touch ing devotion to him whilst they were mn the boat, pillowing his head when lihe slept, cooling his lhot brow withl water, shleltering him froin tile heat of tile sun by standing behind himi with his jacket outstretched to the niature of a little awnitig. He asked tenderly after Laura, and imade many inquiries after the men who had been saved, bidding mne tell Finn, should hlie visit nme, to call upon limn tllat hlie miight obtain tile names and addresses of tile survivors and enable them to replace tile effects they had lost by tile foundering of the yacht. "You do not ask after your wife, Wilfrid," said 1, a little nervously. "Oh, you told me she was saved," he answered languidly; then, after a pause, he' added, "Where is she ?" " She refused to accompany her sister," said I; "she loves independence. She has gone alone to such and such a hotel, where, Ipresumie, she is still to be found." His face flushed to the name of that hotel; he instantly remembered. He bent his eyes downwards, and said, as if to himself, "' Yes, shle is of those who return to their bonnet." " What are your plans ?" saeidI.. -.1 "As regaids Lady Monsoli, do you nlean ? " "'Well, slh is still your wife, and whab concerns her concerns you, I suppose, more or less." "I shall not nmeddle with her," said he making a horrible grimace to an involun tary twitchl of his gouty foot; "slhe can do what she pleases." "Shelo talks of returning to Australia." "Let her go," said he. Aid this, thought I, is the issue of your wild pursuit of her ! Had hlie but waited a few mnonthls, disgust andl aversion would have grown strong in him. He would have been guiltless of shedding thle blood of a fellow-creature-lhe would have preserved his noble yacllt-but then, to be sure, I should probably never have met Laura ! His eye was upon me while I mused a little in silence. "My solicitors advise proceedings in tile Divorce Court," said he, " but I say no. I certainly should never try my hand at marriage agatin, and therefore a divorce would serve no end of my own. But it miighlt answer her purpose very well in deed; it would free her, and I do not ihtend that she shall have her liberty." "'You will have to maintain her." "Oh, muy solicitors will see to that," hlie answvered with a curious smile. "Will," said 1, "she may fall very low, and then, when nobody else will ]have anythling more to dowith her, she will return to you as your lawrful wife, and play tihe devil with your peace and good inalme." "I am ilot going to free her," said lihe sniappishly. "Do you msean to make aly stay in London I " said I. "I ami waiting till thle gout leaves me," he answered, " and shall then go abroad. I have bere recosmmenided to do so. It is pretty sure to come to the ears of Colonel Hope-Keinedy's friends that I shot him in a duel. He was a widower and child less, but he has a sister, a Lady Guthrie, who adored tile ground hlie trod on, and thought himi the noblest creature in the universe. My solicitors advise me not to wait until I am sharged with tile fellow's death, and so I ano going abroad." "Humuph," said f; '"and how amn I to be dealt with, as an accessory 7" "Pooh ! " he exclaimed, "one never hears of seconds being charged." "You will take baby with you, I presumne ?" He answered no. During his abseice a cousin of lis ha d lost her husband, a colonel in Inlldia. Shle had arrived in England with two grown-up daughters, and was so poor that she had aisked Wilfrid to help her. He lhad arranged that she and tihe girls should occupy hIis seat in thle North and take charge of his child. This in fact had been settled, and Mrs. Conway and herdaughllterswere now installed at Sherbune Abbey. On hear ing this it instantly suggested itself to me tlhat MsIrs. Conway would provide Laura with the very home that shle needed until we heard from Mr. Jemnings. Wilfrid of course acquiesced ; he was delighted; lihe loved Laura as a sister, and hIis little one would be doubly guarded whilst she was with it. So here was a prompt and happy end to what had really threatened to prove a source of perplexity, and indeed in some senses a real difficulty. And now to end tlhis narrative. A fort night later Wllfrid went abroad to travel, as hlie said, in Italy and tile south of France, and with hlum proceeded Mr. Muffin. During that fortnight Laura and I were frequently with hlimi, but it was only on tile day previous to his departure that lihe mentioned his wife's name. In a careless voice and off-hand mianner he asked if we had heard of her, but neither of us could give him any news. We had not chosen to learn by calling if she continued at the hotel to which she had gone on her ar rival. Sile had not written to her sister, nor lad she communicated with Wilfrid's solicitors. However, about a fortnight after I had returned to London from thile north, whitlher I had escorted Laura, there came a letter to my lodgings ad dressed to nuy eectheart. I guessed tie handwriting to be Lady Monson's. I for warded it to Laura, who returned it to me. It was a cold intimation of her ladyship's intention to sail in such and such a vessel to MIelbowrne on the Monday fol lowing, so that when I read the missive she had been four days on her way. For my part I was heartily glad to know that she was out of England. Soon after my arrival I sent a descrip tion of the volcanic island and the galleon on top of it to a naval publication of the period. It was widely reprinted and ex cited much attention and brought me many letters. But for that article I believe I should have heard no more of Dowlin and Head. It chanced, however, that msy account of tihe island was repub lislhed in a West Indian journal, and I think it was about five months after nsy returnto o this country that I received a letter from thle masterof a vessel dated at the Havannas and addressed to me at the office of tlhe journal in which my nar rative had been published. This mlan, it seems, having sighted the rock about three weeks after we had got away from it in the Star of Peace, hauled in close to have a good look at an unchartered spot that was full of the deadliest mienace to vessels, and observed signals being made to him from what lie was afterwards in formed was the Ihull of a fossilised ship. He sent a boat and brought off two men, who, it is needless to say, wert Dowling Rand Head. They very frankily related their story, told the master of the vessel how they were survivors of the schooner yacht Bride, and how they had declined toleave the island because of tlheir expec tation of meeting with treasure aboard that strange old ship of ,weeds and shells. Da;y after day thley lhad toiled in liher, but to no purpose. They broke into the piles of shells, but found niothing save rotteinness within, remains of wlihat might have been c;argo, but of a character utterly indis tinguishalsle. There was not a hla'porth of money or treasure, so there was all end of the poor fellows' princely dreams. They were received on board and worked their passage to Rio, wlere tlhey left tlhe ship, which then proceeded to the Havannas. There can be little doubt that shortly after this the volcasio rock subsided and vanished off tile surface of tihe sea, after the usual manner of thelse'desperate crea tions. The editor of the naval journal received several copies of logs kept by ships which lhad traversed the pIrt of tlhe oeran Where the island had splrung up, and it was gathlered after a careful com parison of these memoranda that the rock must have disappeared very shortly after Dowling and Head had been taken offit, for tle log-book of a vessel named thle lifartha .Robiunson showed that three days later she had passed over the exaect spot where the island had stood and all was clear sea. My time of waiting for the Ianid of Laura was not to prove so long as I had feared. Very unexpectedly one morning I received a letter from my darling from tlhe Abbey. Hier fait'isr had arrived on the precedisig day. -.She could scarcely believe liher ears when a servant caume to tll hlier that Mlr. Jennings had called and was waiting to see liher. Of course hlie had lot received lier letter. He had taken it ito hIis head to visit Enghlid, both hIis daughters being there, mainly with the intention of taking Laura back with him when he returned. He was almost broke. - hearted, so Laura wrote, when she told Iini about Lady Monson. However, he was in England, and after waitinIg a few days so as to give him time to recover the dreacdful shock caused him by the inews of Iris daughter's belhaviour, I went down to Westmnoreland, was introduced to tlhe old gentleman, and found him a bluff, hearty, plain-spoken man. He told me he could settle twenty thousand pounds uion hIis chlild, and soomed very well s;atisfied to hear that I was not withlout a pretty little income of my own. He ap proachled the subject of insanity with a bluntnlCss that somewhat disconcerted mle. I assured him that so far as I could pos sibly imSagine I was not mad, that my cousin's craziness came from a source which did not concern me in tlhe least degree. He was pleased afterwards to tell Laura tlhat hlie could see by my eye that miy intellect was as sound as a bell; an observation upon which I tlhoughlt I lhid sollme right to comiliment myself, for to be suspected of being "wantisng" is often to involuntarily and unconsciously look so, and I miust say that whilst Mr. Jennings and I tilked about Wilfrid's craziness and where it came from, hlie re garded me wvithl a keenness that was at times not a little embarrassing. Laura and I had been married two years lwhenl we hleard of Lady MIonson. Mr. Jennings had returned to Aust-.ralia, but in one or two letters we lhad received from him h lie never mentioned Henrietta's name. Thi.en casme a missive in deep imourning. Lady Monson was dead. She had been received into tlhe Roman Catholic Churcmlh, so wrote the fathelr in a letter lwhose every sentence sessned as though hlie wrote withl a pen dclipped in his tears. Slhe had, apparently, given up all thoughtls of this world and devoted liher days and nighlts to ministering to the poor. One day she returned to her home looking ill; two nights later she was delilious. She broke from the grasp of her attendants and marched with stately step, singing in her rich contralto voice as she went to an upper chamlber that lhad been Laura's bedroom, where, planting herself before a mirror sle fell to brushling her rich and beautiful hair, singing all the while till on a sudden she fell with a shriek to the ground, was carried back to liher bed, and two hours later lay a corpse. THE END. 