'A SMUGGLER'S SECRET.* ' BY FRANK BARRETT, " The'nutior of "The Admiihrable Lady Biddy Fans," U: ' nder a Strange Msk,"" Fettered for Life," etc. I OHAPTER XXI. -. Sir Henry did not returs that night as he had ,promised. I could not conceive of old Peter - carrying such a contemptibly insignificant ,weapon as ai modern revolver, otherwise 1 should have feared that the shot I heard had been fired by himi, and that Sir Henry was hit. c I attributed the shot rather to poachers in Sir t Henry's preserves, and his absence to the pur- C -suit f tllem. All doubts as to his safety wero reinoved by his coining over to the cottage the c following morning soon after Psyche had gone t up to her room for the day. : Ho waas quits self.possessed; his manner indeed was almost apathetic as he gave mn his hand and then dropped into the seat on the a lawn. The only trace of that agitation which t had unmanned him the previous -night was in t : the haggard, worn, and old expression of his a \- =face ; he looked like a gambler who has played t long and lost all. e " There was a shot in the park last night," he bean : " you mndy have heard it.. I thought my daughter might be alarmed, and so wentm. i -Quite as well you will say, seeing that I'was no smore fit to be at large than a maniac. She I kneow what.was the matter with me, and e bobight;mo -round as only she "can," he ro pea?d?t'd slowily, " as only she can.' Then ' after apause he continued, One of thesodays, Mr. Thornem, you may know the value of my d-daughiter Ethel ; then should you be threatened with the loss o' her you will understand my 1 S, feeling. Fancylif a man came insolently to I you and said he loved your wife and meant to take her from you if he could, how you would feel towards that man ; and if in addition to that your wife admitted the possibility of being I :tho world. " You are speaking now of tho love of a man t -'for his wife." ' t " Well, sir, " he returned, sharply, " may f _.ctot the love of a father for his daughter be as ' deep mand strong as that of a husband for his a . wife. The love I bore her mother is centered a in my daughter-all the love of my heart." S-.o turned his back upon me for a moment, t then glancing round the garden, he asked: e " Where is she-thlit other unloved soul ?" t -I explained hoWv she slept during the day, i being unable to endure tholight after living so t long in darkness. a " Twelve years without light or love," ho t said, visibly moved; ' a mouth'would kill me. b She loves you, Ethel tells me." b " Thlatts only natural, as she knows no0on t but me." " It never occurred to you that: she might be h -. your wife : :,. " How could it occur to me, loving your a dau"hter-as I do ?" o * eknitted his brows as he buried his face n'lii his" hands, his- ' elbows resting on his 0 knee.. RIaisng his head after a iniunite's silence, P Shesaid : d " It isn't right that the girl should live here s 'with you. I am not speaking from any con- t1 ' ventional consideration of propriety, but with g .regard to. the girl's future. You are a .strengthening the tie of affection. which pro- d sently isto be snapped. You ought to weaken n 'it, that when the shock comes it may not tl break her heart.". ti "'I hope to find her family or friend,s, ntil sl then she musti stay with me." n ' " Not necessarily," he said, his eyes Sbrightening. "Let 'her come to us. Ethel "is deeply interested in her. Let her'dangerous .fection for you be replaced by a love for a S*ster." \- " With all my heart I can wish" Psycho no Seater happiness than to live with your ?daughter." f . . - , "It would be a healthier life for her," he continued with growing excitement.. "She !would get to know the world sh' is to live in. 'We could take her abroad ,while yoe are looking " -rher frieds.." -He looked eagerly into my eyes as he made this proposition. There was a wonderful ex p ress of his face, apathy had changed to : keen interest. It was stilla gambler's face, but it wore the look of one who sees his way to .. retrieve a. fortune by plucking a pigeon. . For the first time a: doubt of Ihist honesty . rose in 'my' mind., I believe he saw it, for his eye isquailed before mine, and he rose: muttersng somiething in a deep self-depreciatory.: tons 'that" I could not 1 catchl. He paced across the- lawn with his . head bent, and wheni he returned, the evil look was gone from ids face. As he seated himseli again beside me, he said: 1 " It wouldn't do, Thorne. I understand and Ssympathise with the girl's feelings more than you can believe. She must not lose you at once ".ko that. What have yoit done towards finding her family ?" ; I told him of the advertisement I had inserted and the answer I had received. - "You had no other answer ?"! he asked. "uNo." '' And what do you propose to do now f" " Advertise again-if I find no further notice \--alkon of the last. There mlay be r letter at the 'post.ofico now. I shall go over presently to "' Yes, it's not unlikely. Some sharp lawyer ,may see his way to making mousy through it, Ihe man who got rid of the child would be only ,ioo glad, one may suppose, to claim her and . 'put her out of the way more securely. Have -you thought of that ?" S".Yes, I am not certain that I have "not I .]resdy played into the hauds~ of -that man or 1 ,., agents." . S" 1 daresay you have," he replied calmly, 1 any rate you see the danger of advertising ni1 "hat way. It would.be far. safer to put the far into the hands of a good solicitor ; doyou ow one ?" " Only your solicitor, Mr. Andrews, at lon-s "port." - - S "A good man, but not at all suited to an in- 1 vestigation of this kind. You had better leave 1 .4?tto mo. Iwill seo Andrewsand ask him who i a theobest man in the profession to employ if you like?" :I accepted the offer at once. I -" Then you will take no further steps at pre-. -'sent."' "- .I shall be very happy to leave it entirely c In your hands." " Good." t He seemed pleasedwith my renewed confidence Ss him. He was leanin" forward, with his "lbows on his knees, looking on the groundl. ,fter a moment's pause, without raising his L ead, he said " Someone will be going up from the house I to Towerbridgo in the course of the morning ; \- -'hall he inquire at the psst-otfice if there is any letter for you i"c , I assented.to this, giving him the name to -which answers were to be addressed. SVery well, that is settled," he said, draw-. tng a long breath and rising to his feat. " Let S'us wvalk. There is sometshing elso Ieant to say 'We walked up cndl down the lawn. After · couple oc turns, he said: ."Yoex told me you had found some sort of teasure in thosecaves. What do you valuq it S'-' ltoughly I think about ten thousand "i"ore 'orless. The ground in' which the \--oaves ae and the cottage on the cliff are your ullpo?ession of all that'i to be found in the caves;. Remember you may have found but part of the treasure." " You are welcome to the rest." "Then that is a bargain, and I may have posseession as soon asI choose after paying." "?Why did you hesitate ?" '" Because your offer seemed too generous." ' -L" 't is not generous. I want those caves, said. S" Iknow he does. He may live there as long -as hb pleaes.' I will arranse with him." We took another turn i silence, for- his strange contradictory minner bewildered me. Opposite the wicket he stopped. " That is all 1 have to say now," he said. "Come over this evening. That cheque shall be ready for you. Bring Psyche with you. CIIAPTER XXII. 'When the sun had set we went to the Chase, Psyohe and I, she agreeing to iay this visit far '.*hall you be glad to see Ethel ?" Iasked, Yes ' she answered, nodding her lead. 54 There is so much I want to' ask her that I can't ask you, so much I want to learn.' I can. not talk much to you' because I don't know enough words, and sometimes I say the wrong .one, and it makes you laugh, asd showesme how foolish I am. But I think a. great deal SCn you tell me what you'think 1" " So many things ! Itliink how beautiful it is to sit and listen to you speak; and I think if I cohld learn more words I could talk to you, *All righta reacrved. and make you happy--jnGka s yin Inu ma me happy. Sometimes - think I. am no more han the little creatures in the garden that we orgt the next day because they cannot tell us what they think and feel. AndI want to be something more than that, you know." There was a pathetic vibration in her voicen as it sank in this last phrase. Then, in a firmer tone, she added " So I want to see all that Ethel can do, and learn how to do it very soon -very soon." . We met Ethel and her father in the drive, and walked together through the flower garden and the conservatories, there being still light enough to reveal the tints of the blooms oven to ordinary eyes. Under his daughter's influ ence Sir Henry was always reasonable, and at most times amiable and interesting; but this evening I was struck by the tender interest lie took in Psyche. IHe devoted himself almost ex clusively to her, and betrayed no symptom of jealousy or suspicion when. Ethel and I lingered ni the rear. The manner of this extraordinary man was now. as opposed to his brusquerie of the morning as that to the quaking agitation of the night before. Selecting some of the bloe. somns that Psyche most admired, he arranged them with taste in a spray, gossiping at the same time in a simple way that she could snderstand, and fastened it upon her dress. Psyche was delighted, pointing out to me that it tsas like the spray that Ethel wore. " I had no idea the girl was so intelligent," he saidto . me, when Psyche had drawn Ethel awaywith the serious view she had in mind. "And how exceedingly.sweet her nmrnner is." I repeated what Psycho had said hi coming. " That wish of hers would be terribly pathetic if it were impossible to realise it," he remarked; " but, thauk God, itmay be realised. She shall learn all that she wishes to know. I will adopt her as my own danghter." " If her ieal parents are not found," I sug gested,. "'True, but I do not- think they will. be found," he said, in an odd, dry tone. " By the-bye, there was no letter for you at Tower:. bridge. I Saw Andre?ws this afternioon and put the case hypothetically before him. IIe is dis-. tinctly of opinion that so far as the girl's wel fare is concerned the best thing is to do notlinig. The great thing to be feared is that the man who put her out of the way twelve years ago will get her into his hands again in order to put her away effectually and for ever. There can be no doubt that the crime was attempted with I a mercenary motive ; the child coming between thil mian and a fortune. If that was so Pyeche is still the rightful heiress, and more dangerous to the marl now than she was as a child. At I any rate it wvuld be moast unwise to do any thing in a hurry. There is no necessity for haste. [ intend, with the blessing of heaven," he murmured fervently, !' to repair thd wrong that has been done to that poor girl, and to be to hera better friend than those who suffered her to be carried away." There was an awkward pause. I could not account satisfactorily to myself for the feeling of embarrassment that made me silent. "" You can't make it out," said Sir Henry, observing my silence. " That does not sur prise me. To you it must seem that my cosn duct has been that of a maniac rather than a sahe man, and nothing must appear ilhore mad i than my proposal to adopt uts my daughter a girl I saw for the first time last niglht. Ever effect is inexplicable until the cause that pro. duced itetands revealed. Iy iluickly changing moods are inexplicable. Believe me, not one of those moods would appear more nuacconintahle than thi phases in anl eelipse if you knew ofthe shadow cast upon my life. . That shadow is nearly past, thank God ! One of these days not now-you shall know all !" As:he spoke the last words he opened his notehbook and took out a paper, which hie tno put in my hand. ": h. "That is the chequo for the property you were good enough to let ind have," ho said, in a tone of real gratitude. " With it, Bernard. I give you permission to ask my daughter to be your wife." .This was as unexpected as anything lie had tet said or done, and his tone betraying none of hat hbitter sense oflodeprivation lhe had before displayed made the contradiction more ob vious. " In givingyou my daughter," lie continued, " you may, perhaps, find some reason for my eager desire adopt Psyche."' Sf I had not been blinded by a lover's emotion I might have found another reason, iand seen that I was taking a bribe. \- ' We found poor Psycho in the library looking, with paincd wonder, at In open book, and striving to understand that each collection of •black marks meanit a word,. and ,thattherse words taken together told of.somothing that people wanted to know,. From the, book she. looked round the room at the shelves from floor to ceiling. filled with similar books. ;' " Are they all the same ?" she asked. "No, see, this is quite different," replied Ethel, opemnig another, and telling her the story it contained in a few easy words. But the story failed to charm Psyche, for she lied a very serious object in making these. in quiries. SCan you read them-all these little words in all these books ?" she asked in awo. ' " Yes, Ethel can read them all, and so will you be able to read them one of these days," said Sir Henry kindly. Psyche drew a long breath in silence. Then turning to Ethel, she said " Now I want to hear you sing a song with words." - Ethel took her luto the drawingroom, and sitting down to the piano sang a simple ballad to her own accomspaniment.. " Oh, thatis beautiful," said Psycho, after listening in rapt attention. " I want to hear it again, let me do it." And seatirig herself before the piano she pressed the notes as she had seen Ethel press them; but when nothing but discord camo from liher touch she drew back frightened, and looked round to see if we were. laughing at her folly. But the poor child's ignorance aund dismay moved us in another way. ' You willhave to learn a long while, dear, before you can play," said Ethel, sitting down -beside her and taking her hand." " I have been ' learning since I was quite a little child." When we left the hotisethe stars were out. *'Look, look "" cried Psyche, lifting Ethel's \- hand in delight, " see, she wears dewdrops on her fingers.'' - At a word from her father Ethel took the diamond ring nif and slipped it on Psyche's finger. It's a dewdrop that doesn't fade, and that you can keep for ever, and you shall wear it always, dear, formy sake." As Psyche sat by toy side in the night she held up the ring and looked at- the glancing rays wisttully. - " Brother," she said, " it does not look so lovely on my hand as it did. on hers. - Iy. fingers are not so smooth . and white' as here." • W Working in the sand' has spoiled them. That's all overnow." " Yes, we shall work side by side no more." Presently she looked at the ring again. " Oh, it wasekind of her to give it to me," slhe said ressilg the rig to her cheek. "She is al kind, nad good, anid sweet, and beautiful. You don'tknowantybne in all the world more beau. tiful mnd good, do you ?" " No, Psych." " I don't think there will over. be one like her," she said in a quiet tone of conviction. " "Why, I thought yon were going to be like her," I1dsd lightly, hoping to change the vein of sadiess in which her thoughts seemed to be running. But the Pleasantry was unper ceived. Sh'"d," said she, shaking her head gravoly, " can never be like her. I was silly and vain to think that. I know better now. I could never learn all those words--nover sing as she does, forshe has been learning since she was a little child-all the time I have been livingin the dark. Ishall never be anything but a silent little creature of the garden;" Iher voile trem. bled. " Talk to me, dear, just a little more, and let me listen, as I did in t tie cave when you first came to me and I knew nothing. Oh, it was good to Iknow nothing then; it is dreadful to know solittle now. y heart is very full. I mcasnot speak." MLy heart was full also, but I managed to speak cheerfully as I reasoned with her, showr Ing that our happiness did not depend upon our exelling all others, or there could be but one happy person in the whole world; that no two personsare alive but each has some excellence which the other may lack without being less lovable; and other truisms of a like kind. Whether shae followed my argument or understood it I cannot toll. Perhaps it was only the sound of my voice she heard while her thoughts were occupied with pleasant memo. ries. But sh'o seemed comforted now andi agasin, smoothing my shoulder gently with her cheek as she did when she washappy. I thought I might take advantage of this mood to prepare her for the coming change, so I spoke of our visit to the Chase, and the things we had sfeen, It pleased her to talk about the greenhouses and the gorgeous flowers in them. " But it was so strango," she said, in atone of awe. " It will seem less strange ?and more beauti ful whenyou know them better." " Are we going thcrd again I" she asked, We are going to dine there to-morrow evening. You l like.to go ?" " Whorover you goI must like to go." ' You don't disliko Sir Henry " • " Oh, no. I like him a great deal." "I ala glad of that. Do you Iknow he wanuts you tolive with him always I" "'Why, I eomadn' do that," sheexclsimed, laughing. Then seeing me grave, her smile wentsuddenly, and she said with an accent of consternation, " You don't want me to go away from you-you will not make me go to him P" " I'll not make you do anything, Psycho, that hurts you. You shall live with me s long as you will." " Oh, my brother," she exclaimed, clasping my arm to her breast. Presently I said : " Would you like to have Ethel always for a companion and friend P" "1I do not understand that. I cannot live always with her and with you too." " Not while woliveasunderas wedo. But if Iask Ethel to live with us and she saysyes." " SIe will never say yes," Psyche said, con fidently. "Never, never, never!" I laughed and asked how she could tell that. " I can toll it by what I feel," she an. swered. '" When she looks at you and you look at her-when you speak low together as you did to-night, I could cry with the pain in ny heart. Then how could she bear to see us silting as we sit now, whispering to each othor throuel the night with no thought for any other No, no !-sho could not do that. It would be too much pain. More than she could bear. She would rather live alone than se that you are my brother and not hers." Ifow could I tell her that I loved Ethel more than I loved her? I rose, putting oilff a little louger.the evil hour. Psycho rarely came down from her room before sunsett; we were to dine at 8 o'clock, but Sir IIonry had asked me to come in the afternoon. I was bidding Ethel good-night at that moment, and the mutual preossure of our hasnds oonveyed the feeling with which we lookedforward to the meeting better than my falterinug tongue expressed. : I went Up to the hIouse at 4, and after some .general conversation Sir Henry excused him self and went into the library, leaving Ethel and ome to ourselves. We estrolled in the shade of the pinewood, and there Iasked Ethel to be my wife, and she camine into imy arms and- I held her there ob livious of overything but the crowning happi ness of my life. " Why are youcrying, love P" I asked. She raised her head from my breast and showed me a face radiant with happiness. " WYhy should I cry ?' she asked. I was perplexed. I could have sworn that uas I murmured my love over her bent head, kissing the waving hair, I heard a smothered sob. It was getting dusk when we saw Sir Henry in the drive. - " I ast going over to fetch Psyche-my other child," he said.. I gave himn the key of the door, content to stay .with my love. Teni minutes perhaps had goun by when Sir Hienry appeared again in the drive. He was alose and walking hastily. - ' . " Where is Psyche ?" he asked, whenho was within speaking distance. - - " 1left her in the house when I came away. I heardlhbr sil"-ingin her room." . " She is not tcere now," he answered. "She is gone !"' CIIAPTEl XXIII. Tie MIeP.ov OF HELAVE?'. " She is gone !" The words strucknie with dis may. 1 concluded at once that old Peter had suecouded in -capturing loor"Psyche. He was nota imal who threatened idly, as the murder ous attempt on the girl's life had already proved. I spoBce my tear to orr ienry, and we ran to the cottage. " You have nothing to fear from" him," h'e replied, with confidence. "It is more probable that she has left. tho.house as she did the other day when she found you gene." This view was partly confirmed in my mind when I found the back door unbolted. After taking a hasty glance in her rootm and round the garden we returned to the Chase. It was there she sought me before she knew we were to dinoe at the house. It was natural to sup. pose that she had taken the same path and. wandered from the open drive into the deeper shade of the park. Yet my heart sank with a fearful misgiving that the hope was delusive. We went up to the house. Then separating we searched the alloys of the park, calling " Psycho" as we went; but no answercame. I found myself on the spot where Ihad asked Ethol to be my wife, and taken her into my arms. Then noticing a thicket hard by, and remembering the sound of a stifledsob-that had reacheu my ear, I felt convinced that. it had come from poor Psyche's wrusig ~ibart,.and that she in seeing me embrace hthel as I heel never embraced her had learnt for herself what I had not found courage to tell her-that I loved Ethel more than I loved her. " My poor little sister;" I cried, and waited with the last hope of hearing her sweet voice echo " poor little sister !" Not a brc-th broke the awful silence. Alone I wont back to the cottage. I called her again and again in the garden and went into the house to search in every room with blank hopelessness. Opening the door of my own room I found a trace of her that crisped the hair on my head. \- The room was strewn with fresh-cut flowers. There were flowers on my pillow, anttdbesido them the ring that Ethel had put on her flgcr. • lsat down unable to go further, for this touchingsouveoir was too significant to be mis. understood. Our conversation of' the night before came back to me ; what she had said in speakignof the impossibility of Ethels living with us applied now to hersself-" she could not do that. It would be too much pain. iMore than she could bear. She would rather live alone than seO that you are mine and notlhers." And she had found that it was for her to go away aid live alone. But where had she wan dered ? I asked myself, starting up as I realised the necesasity of finding the poor girl and soothing her stricken heart at once. I did not fear suicide. Psyche scarcely knew what death was ; the possibility of self-destruction was beyond her imagination. Hsd she simply gone along the road, on and on, with no other object but to getaway from the place where it was too much pain to live ? No. lit her room I found a clue to her destination. There was a cupboard in which she kept, with a strange love, the relics she had brought away with her' from the cave. The rough serge sack in which she worked by my side in the burrow, the shoes she wore when the day's work was done, and a necklace of shells that I had ground on a flint and threaded together-they were gone, and beside her bed lay all the clothes I had given her in her new life. Ifeltsurosho had gone back to the cave, to live alone there with the memory of -those happy days when her heart never ached." It struck me. that amongst those things whichBshe could not find words to tell me about was some sort of premonition of thlisreturn. The old life was often in her thoughts: but sho had-dwelt more than usual upontho cave this last night. Long after our conversation about Ethel she odd: "Brother, do you re member the pretty things we carved in the wall of the caPve. Therb was a pieco you marked in black that I never had time to finish. Only a little more and it would be all flnishell'd," ansd later on she said, " e have forgotten all about poor caw; I wonder if he would know me again, and come on my snoulder if I called." With these recollections coming to my mind, I ranm across the downs. There was only one way to the cave that he know; tle way by which we had loft it together, and that way I know she would try to return by-not reason isg that the water must long since have silted up the tunnel. I went down the gap; to my costernartion the water, whs up, and after fol lowing thd shore some distance I was pre vented by the sea from going further. I ran back, up the gap, andalong the cliff in frolnied haste. Berond Dneadnman's Point I lookeddown. The light had so fiaded that I could barely distinguish tihe fraugments oif cliff strewed on the shiore from the foam of the water boating amidst them. Presently I stood on the clil just over the cavern and trained my eyes in the dark chaos of rocks and water below. It isas there we had come out into the open day. A ,few jackdaws were whleoling rousd half way down; their cry was to men a terrible omen. Then gulping down my choking emotion I called, for the last time, " Psycho! Sister ! Dear Psycho!" It may have been no more than inagination, and yet a cold awe cldlled me to the heart as there seemed to fall upon my ears that swelling riso and plaintive fall of the 2Eolinn song of my sweet little helpmate. As I rushed back along the clif I smet Sir henry. " Good God, man !" he cried, "What is the. matter, you look like a ghost of yourself." " Poor Psyche is down, there !" I answered through my sobs, still running. - " What do you mean, Thorne P" he asked, his voice almost as bIroken as mine. " She has tried to get back to thel cave--i know it, Iknow itl and the wvater has come up I" " h God, have I this to answer for, too l" We looked into thle water' like madmen, and waded and swiam till the point was rounded, and then we got upon the sand and agaln:till we fcame among the great boulders and ragged fragments of the fallean cliif. And there we found her-just a little beyond the receding waters in her dabbled dress. lor hands were clasped tightly upon the string of shells I had put about her neo kin dayswhen she know no pain; and now in horseeetaohild'e face there was the same expression of innocent 'Joy t had worn then. I trust in God's mercy that atthe last she forgot that there is suffering in this world, and died with the happiest memories the knew. CHAPTER XXIV. 4 TIE EXPIATION. She lies in the churchyard at Ecclesham. On the stone over her grave there is one word, "Psycho"--no more. Her loss was a terrible blow to all who had known her. Even my grandfather hobbled up to the grave as we left it and dropped in the flowors he had gathered for that purpose. But the one most rostrated was Sir Henry Duncan. He looked like a min who never slept. Morally and physically he seemed unable to hold up his head, and walked as if he had risen from a bod of sickness against his wish. His condition perplexed Ethel as much as it alarmed her; it was less a mystery to me, for Iwas per fectly sure that in some way he was responsible for Psyche's wasted life. " He has alwayisuffered from occasional fits of dejection," Ethel said to me. " And hitherto I have been'able to give him relief. But now my efforts fail; it seems as if he did not hear my voice. I wish you could persuade him to have medical advice." Finding him alone in the park tihat evening, I told him what she had said. " Yes," he said, " it is time I did something. I can't go on like this, blighting the loappiness. of all I love. You will be over early to morrowmorning; tell her I have gone tocon sult the best physician I know, and shall act on hisadvice no matter'what it is. I can't tll her myself; sho'd ask questions, and I have never told her a lie." He was absent the next day, and I told Ethel what he had prorpisQl to do; but I know that he had gone -ho further ltha the rocks where Psycho perished, and that conscience was'the only physician whose guidanco he sought and intended to follow. We met him in the even ing as he was coming homo, Iis hands behind him, his chin sunk on his breast. "I've seehn him, love," he said, taking Ethel's hand with more tenderness than he had latelydisplayed, "Says I need change. Tells me 1 mustgo asay as soon as possible." "I thought he would advise that," Ethel said. " Where shall we go ?" " I shall go alone,'" he said frinly; and then with an abrupt change, " when shall you be married F" - - " It is almost too early to think of that," she replied, looking down at the crape' on her dress. ".I suppose conventional considerations must be studied even in a quiet wedding, Ishould have liked to wait until you are married, dear; butI don't think I must delay this journey. -I want to avoid anything like a parting," he continued after a pause, and so if I don't put in an appearance one morning you must notboe' alarmed. My sister is coming down with her youngsters next week-perhaps I shall go then, perhaps before, as I can't stand children. Any. how, Ishall not'sny good-bye to' you." One night at the end ofthe week after I had parted from Ethel, I-fouild Sir Ienry in tie drive where he waited purposely for me. - " I want to talkto you," he said, " letus go on to the Downs This path is the most direct." We turned from the drive, and walked in silence through the shade. ." Do you beholve in expiation, Thorne ?S" he asked, suddenly, -: "If you moan reparation for injury done-I began. He interrupted me impatiently. " Theor are some injuries thit can nrever be repaired. Do you believe that a nun may-get. his soul out of hell by an act of self.eacrilice thatis what I mean." I,. N" Nc. To injure oneself for having injured another doubles the oftTnce." ' : 'lfa sman may cry quite with society when he has served his term in gaol- for breaking society's laws, why should not a. man's con. sciencebo at peace when he has inflictedupon himself the punishment hordeserves. l How else is he to get his eoul out of that hell where the vulture of reproach tears at it night audday,? There is no other way by which he may hope to meet those he loves hereafter. . . 1 But for that ' fear of something after death,'-" I he continued in a lower tone, speaking to him- i self rather than addressing me, " the fear of finding one pale-haired, sweet-faced child, and but for the. hope of meeting my dear daughter, escape from this purgatory would be easy and -quick enough." The park was bounded'by a deep ditch. We leapt, it; but on the other side Sir Henry. stopped as if it had recalled something to his mind, and instead of striking across the I)owns I as had seemed his intention, he followed tie edge of the ditch till it ran into a'deep cleft in the cliff, where the drainage was carred off. The cleft was deep, Iut still not mnore than six or eight feet wide at the surface, and it grew deeper as it wont down to the outlet on the shore. Following the cleft for some twenty paces Sir Henry stopped at a point where the turf showed that a load of "lime had been tlrown there. I " I had lime shot in," lie said, "because there is something dead and putrid down there. 1 Peter Beamish is down there. I shot him through the head that night-you remember'" " Is that the crime you are going to expiate P" I asked. He laughed honrsely. "Crime!" lie ex claimed. " I think no more of shooting that dursed villain through the head than if he hoad been a mad dog.'! \- He kicked a clod down the cleft, and, as it I fell with a thud on the lime that covered old I Peter, he said: - " Fancy a thing like that-a vile, ignorant rutfian of ninety and odd, keeping mooe uter his thumb for a dozen years, holdmng me at his mercy, threatening mydaughter with life-long: disgrace. With ulittle more wit he might have taken every .pony of my ill-gotten fortune from me. You must know by this time that I am the man who gave him that chest to sink I out at sea. Every meeting we had was in the I dirk, and under a disguise I believed he could notrecognise eno-buthe did. Heo as used to 3 the night. It was part of his old busincess to penetrate disguise and know what sort of a man 1 lo had to do with.' He told me how they had discovered her and brought her to life. But no bribe would induce him to give her up to tus or tell me whereI could find her. Perhapa your grandfather's mercy had something to do willt that. He thought maybe that having tried to destroy her once I only wanted to get her augiin to do the deed effectually. For twelve years I that went on. Then I saw your advertisement in The lTims and answered it through a firm of solicitors in London. When I learnt from them tlhat the girl you had found was the child I had tried to murder I lost my head, and Peter Beamish coming to me at that very moment for I money, amd with his usual threats of exposure, 0 I defied him to produce the girl, and so like a | fool- put him on the scent. He had told qo I .that the child was a stout, healthy ivench In ; service as a barmaid ; I expected to lind her | vulgar, coarso, robust. You can imauginoe the shock wheo I heard tiho truth, and found tlio sweet, fresh little thing whose wasted life I had to answer for.. God knows I did not mean to I bury her shloe. You ask why I tried to kill the 1 child ! I have brought you" liero to tell. Not that I may excuse myself, but that it may I lesson the child's shame when the truth is I known. I married in direct defiance of my I father's wish. iHe disinherited me. I--a spendthrift, and ne'er-do-well, who had never occupied myself with one serious consideration, found mysif unable to earn a living. Mly wife dioed. Ethel was sick. My last guinea was uaid for the advice of a physicsian. He dechlared that Ethel could be saved by being taken to hMadeira for a time, but could never live through the winter in this climate. At that juncture ] my father died, leaving everything to an adopted infant, for he, like me, was a friend less, unlovable man. By a strange coincidence the adopted child was weak-not espected to outlive childhood. . My father know this, and left his fortune to her with a reversion to me, simply'as a moans of prolonging ,my punish-. ineot a few years. And now this question was presented to me: should I suffer my own child to die when I might save her life by destroyinllg the child who does not expect to live I dd ' "not hesitate an inshtnt. My child was every thing to me, tihe other was nothing to' anybody. I stole the child, and as I believed took her li'e away with an opiate. I believed that she was dead when I gave her into the hands of Peter Ieoamilh,. May God deny me mercy if this is untrue." Ho paused, and than in a softened tone he said, "tI do not wish to exonerate my self. Time will show that I have paid the onalty for he woo I brought upon poor un e. 5 * He did not return to the Chase. Ethel tried to believe that her father was seeking relief from physical suffering abroad. A month passed, and we heard no tidings ot him. One daykmy grandfather came to me, witha scared look inhis face, S" Sonny," ho said, in that hectoring tone he I had learned from his father, " You're got to I come along of me. - You're got to put on your hat and ask no questions, but just take what I've got to give you ar we goes along." S-'put on my hat and went .ut with him. We turned in the dircctiou of the Halfway-house. " I don't see muchl good in reforming," he began as we trudged along.. " Seems to me if you go a biut u o' your right course at lhe fuststart not all the tracts and total abstoumia ting in life ain't going to put you straight agen." : "What's the matter F" I asked. "You speak when you're spoke to, and not aforo, sonny, or you'll go wrong like the rest of the "ambly." Having walked on some dis tance in eilence to let this warning sink in he recommenccd: " I dun' now what's the use on it all. Here's father been out on the loose over a month and never comneanighm e; it don't signify anything that I ain't touched so much as two-pennorth, and been cockin' my eye up at the textes all the while-here's more trouble. 'S if it warn't enough dreamin' every night of the young 'un and wakin' up all a shivcr and a sveat'thmlnl' I'd forgot to soud down her victuals. It gets over me that do !" 1o stopped-his old chin twitched, and he looked out over the sea with blank dejection. The sight of his cottage roused him. He turned his quid. over, and, knitting his brows, said : " You're got to go down in that cave again, sonusy."' I stopped short,;chilled to the heart at the very thought of revisiting the scene of poor Psycho's captivity. " Comeno o-you're got to go," he said, doggedly. "I'd go myself if I'd got the strength, and it ain't the fear of not comin' up ugen stops mo .telther. . I'd know what's the good of a old fellow lire me a hanging on in this world." "Wiho is down there ?" I asked, the truth lashing upon me .. " He's clown theoro-Sir Henry Duncan." " How long has he been thero ?"' . " A month, sonny. Hecame to me and told mo I esould have the old cottage as long as I lived if I served him as I served the young 'un, And seein' it was kinder right and pious he should do by himself as others had been done lvy through hi nI agreed to it. Day by day I've whistled to him-well, as near as I could like I whistled to' her; but there warn't no pretty eong come back; heo. emptied the bucket though all right, but with never a sound, till it come yesterday, and all day long I was calling him and a whistling, but no answer come, and this morning the victuals is in the bucket just as I left 'em. So you've got to go down, sonuy, andsee what's tmies.' I went down sick with apprehension and thel lull pain of awakened memories. Once more I ita candle and groped along the passage into ihe shadowy cave. \- I found Ihinm stretched out dead upon Psyclie's bed with the evidence of Psycho's life about him. In the alcove over his head hung stripes of the coloured rags she had hung there; in the wall the scroll she cut; in the sand a print of herlittlo foot. Whlat place, what means could he have found more fitting for his tsrrible ex piation. The clouds ohave lifted:; the sun shines now. Ethel is my wife, and when I hold her hand in miue I feel that I posess.all the, happiness Ieaven cman give. Last nightl we lingered lollng ill the garden after the .afterglow faded away; the heavens tilled with stars, ando wes watched them in' ailent ha spiness.. " Hush !" murmured Ethel, stopping. " Did you hear'it - A faint sound fatr away rose and fell, and so died away imperceptibly. ' , "Therwe it is sgain,a she :whispered low. ' It is the first nmghltiugule !" It sounded to emy ear like the lost voice of Psycho ting!ng of thets In5e happiness of "a new world." Tu' LEsn. . 