EARLY DAYS OF WESTERN AUSTRALIA. [By J. P. WALCOTT.] IV. DURING my long residence in Western Aus- tralia I saw much of the blacks, as will readily be understood from what has appeared in the early instalments of these papers ; and, since leaving that colony, I have seen a good deal of the manners and customs of the aborigines in other parts of the continent. There can be no doubt as to the fact of canni- balism of some of the Aus- tralian tribes ; but it is not common to all. Nor was even general among those with whom I came into contract. In no in- stance is it practised openly. Men are not eaten ; but occasionally deceased females, of not too mature years, are disinterred on the second or third day and "served up" for the gratification of a select party of mourners whose taste ran in that groove. Lumholtz declares that the blacks have no idea of a Supreme Being, and in this he is right, though he is wrong in affirming that they have no idea of a future state. I have met with tribes who held the idea that after death they crossed the sea towards the setting sun, and there, "in the golden West," lived under a chieftainess. When we first landed in Western Australia, sixty years ago, the natives at once hailed my father as an old chief, who had, as they said, returned to them from across the sea ; and similar instances are not uncommon. An old hunter of mine told me that after death he should go to the Magellan Clouds, adding that men went to the larger one, and lived on kangaroos ; while women went to the smaller, and lived on opossums, and rats, and such inferior cattle. None of the tribes with which I have been familiar enter- tain any idea of spirits, created as such ; but they believe in ghosts, who are malicious and hurtful. I have seen them burn off the thumb-nail of a dead man, and tie the thumb and forefinger together with a rush to prevent the departed from using the spear. A mother will make a fire at the foot of her son's grave for a whole winter, to keep him warm and in good humour. Lumnholtz speaks of faith-healings among them. I too have witnessed it often. It amounts simply to animal magnetism, the medicine-man passing his hands repeatedly over the seat of pain as a magnetiser makes his passes (and with equally good effect) and pretending to extract a small crystal, the supposed cause of the pain. I have met with black fellows who had fair ideas of the movements of the Heavenly bodies, and knew at what time of the year different constellations appeared. And I have met many of them, with whom I would rather trust myself in the bush, among wild blacks, than with most white men. My experiences in Western Australia in late years were simply those which the early pioneers of settlement in all new countries have ever to go through. We lead a hard life, in which there were plenty of ups and downs ; but as the recital of these would possess no special interest for your readers, I refrain from trespassing further on your space. The history of Western Australia, from the time of which I have written, till the present day, known to many, and accessible to all. The progress of the colony is low, but the natural resources of the country in the neighbourhood of the early settlements are not great, and because the Governments have lacked energy. But I join with those who cherish the hope that brighter and more prosperous times are in store for the colony, and that it has secured all the blessings of representative Government, though I cannot take the same rosy view of prospects as do many of those who only know the great West of Australia by re- pute. THE END. 