AT BERKELEY HALL; Olt, A Tale That is Told. SI'IPRESTON LEE OTLS. \- - -- III faith, child, it was a start you gave sse then, sianding in your white frock betre that portrait. I amn grown old, nuwr, and nmore nlerrous than when ill years gere by I found my mistress gazing at this samse picture of the young lord and his first wife. The story of these very paintitngs it was I promised to tell you '? Very willing to speak am I of those lavs in which Illy thoughts still dwell, but yog must bear with an old wonman's lumble speech. To begin, then, the old lord, Sir \lthur, was on his death bed when calne I!- letter from Mr. Harold in foreign eids. Long ago lie had gone to Florida, : tile States, and married a Spanish ,--:an, since when his family knew but irtle of hitm. But now this letter canme, pleading with ir.\ Arthur to take his only child, a laughter, and care for her in the home of 'trantcestors. Also said Mr. Harold, that Iting on a bed of illness andl nilgh unto .:ith, so great was his trust in his brother hat lie llhad ade arrangements for the !pld to depart for Berkeley Hall as soon t he was gone from her, knowing thalt hI.r uncle would endeavor to take place cith her of father and mother. Sir Arthur, on reading this as a mes tsi front the dead, was sore distressed, asd bade mte to him. •" Mrs. Wilkins," lie said, his poor voice :3I tremulous like, " my brother, by this time awaituig me beyond the known, has setithis daughter to ume to rear, and much I fear that I shall not be here to welcome her. So to you I give trust to make the little one happy until my son Arthur couls IoIie t ttake charge of her." Thereupon gave I mily solemn promise to do mIy best, being but a young thing imy self, just turned cf twenty-three, and not yet a year married. 31r. Arthur was the only son, and a deep grief was it to the old lord that lle Was nlt with hint ill his last extremity. ;ut Mr..\rtlihur had travelled away two "ears couller, crazed with tile sorrow of his young wife's death, and for all lie mite regularly to the old lord lie lmade no mentiitioni of his back-cotning. Yn., that is the youtg Sir Arthur and ]is sift. Shite was the daughter of a .c i-hburing ge'llt!eiaLn, antd handsome as you e. albeit too large for tily liking. "'\ liae-looking wol an is imistress Llizitli, Berlkeley " raid everyone. R;ut big ai:d strolng though site seemed, she lay dead of a cold before they had betc marriiied four Ilmotlths. TiThe yo tn huslbandl was like one mad otheis the brown hair and blue eyes were cuvered away froutl hlili, whereuponl his father seit hiit to foreign countries to oek forgetfultess. aut I was telling you-an old woman rambles, lassie, and it seems but yester day, theses happenings. Well, the old lord died and was laid away where all the terkeleys sleep, iand ill a fortniglht or less came the little niece. Alt, but she was air to lookl upon, was Miss Agatlla :erkeley i 'henh site st in the shadow, nle thliout she had her Spanish mother's :air; but whlen she came forward in the ight, thoughl it still kept its deep tone, it Seelaed that surely some of the cold r.diance of the moonlight in her Southern JUlitry had warmeiitd and melted in her tieses. And though her shllining eyes sere black as mlidnight, to watch her 'rows anld lashes, her skin was fair as lilies, Ilinditn, it of nothingi so much as of the sloutless snow that lies against the charred iruiks in the forest. She was lifteen when she came to me, this pretty, pale creature, but so small that 0.h, Iloked to be a child of eleven or twelve. and so pitiful in her black frock thit tny heart wartmed to her ; so that in lthe years that cante we grew fast friends, more like to sisters than mistress and taid ; for I served BMiss Agatha as I had 3hisress Elizabetll before her. l\helt Sir Arthur had beet notified of the old lord's death and his young cousin's arrival to ui, Ile wrote that as yet lie was ltot ready to return, but thlat Miss Agatha sta to have all that befitted a Berkeley, ejtuiitg upolMi-. Clark, Ihis man of busi is i tie care of this, and of her gover tesoes atld tlasters.. IBut nletl Miss Agatha, amnid new ceus, Iput away her grief and became Ier gay. childlike self again, site, and she alone, reigned at lierkeley Hall. The old lawyer ran down from London ltmost weekly to bring, one governess and rake away another, aond all because Miss A"gatha would lave it so. Truth to tell, as sweet and lovely as she seemed, shll tad Satan's own temper, and a time of terror it were hero when our pretty mis tress toas crossed in anly way. But with e sIe ewasnlever angry. Forono reason, it mattered not the question, I gave way to her, for being so little older, not well could I talke authlority. lPerhaps it may lare been as my husband-who was btler-said, that in this way I made her till more fiery and usgovernablo; but tod kuot s I alwvays loved my young mis 1ress,and would not willingly have harmed \S el, in some . ay tino-drifted by till il"s gathsa hlad ruled us four years, uen, coming Ilowly into this pictue. gallery, one evening, I saw her all iit white stuandi!ng like a ghost before this. picture of Sir Arthur and Mistress Eliza bctl, his wife, as you stood but just now, child. Ieing tniueteen years of age, my mistlress was still a child's height, sleander .'td graceful. Perhaps I anl partial "o by gone days, but 1 think ow, as thougilht I then, that never saw I so beautifzul a woman. \Vell, she turned toward me that evening and called sue in her gentle voice : " Here, Wilkins." I went up to her before the portrtit. " Wilkits," ste said, "this is my ctusitn Arthur alnd his wife '" " Yes, Mliss Agatha," I answered, wondering at the strange tenderness in her voice. " \y had they tl;a portrait made in so odd a lposition3': 1 told her then, as but yesterday I told you, how that lietress Eiizsabetlt had a fauncy for beintg done in the pink antd gray brocade she had worn the night Sir Arthur came a-courting, and how he, ii his igay way, mado mention that she had best be seated upon the same diva:, with him standing to look down ont her, even as he had done that time. And so the gay young things hal it patintcd, fo,r all the old lord's teasin,. And the day it was framled and Ihung, as I was seated here with my broidery, on account of it being a cool spot, in they came all smiles and happiness, to stand before it and praise or fault-lind gaily. Mistress Elizabeth laughed at t he admiration the artist had caught into her husband's handsome face, and Ite vowed hers not half handsome enough t, give her justice, scribbling with his pencil upon the frame " The Eventful Molment," its I myself read when they were gove. Wrell, a.l lthis atud much more I told Miss Agatha, she ouestioning ime, inl terested, in her pretty way. I spike to her of his grief, how he had sought foreign ..wantderings, an.d her large black eyes lilled with tears. "\Wilkins," she asked slowly, "do you know I like his face ? I love it ! Do you think that my cousin will ever come lhome? 1 should try to comfort him and I could do it. I could indeed, Wil kins !" Alt, she was always a bit fanciful, poor thing. Well, just then behind us a step sounded, and 1 turned to see Sir Arthur! Older, browner, handsotmer, but still Sir Arthur. His eyes slrang to meet those of the woman in the portrait, n.td lie stood still in a kind of spell-bound wel coming. As for BMiss Agatha. she turned paling to the window, after a glimpse of his stern, sorrowful face. Presently Sir Arthur drew a deecc sigh, like one rousing from a swoon. and for the first time seemed to see inc. "IIow are you, Mrs. Wilkins ?" lihe said, in his old, hearty way. " And is that my little cousin ,'ver there ?" At this BMiss Agatha rose from the win dow seat and eame forward, putting her slender hand into Ihis strong clasp. Much astonied was Sir Arthur to lind his cousin such a woman, for lie had thought of her only as a child, forgetting that time had stood not still at Berkeley to await hIis coming. lit the days that camtte I was always with theta, sitting, as need be, at a respectful distance with my work; and well I know, long before Sir Arthur or Illy pretty lady herself, that her heart was longing for his love. Ahl, well, child, it was not strange. Shite had loved hiti before sIhe saw hitim, and now that lie had coltile e was botiny to look upon, antd always with the ladies had he a way that waits tender and chival rous. Tlie old forests where she had wandered alone now knew two young beings rambl ing in the slade ; for hours they rode to gether, and loung talks had they. Even as hispresence was happiness to her, so lie never seemed to tire of lher playful ways, her soft, slow, sweet voice, her cvi duent liking. Rarely looked Sir Arthur in those days upon the portrait called "'The Eventful Blomeut," tltoughl often came he with his cousin for a romping game of battledore or graccs in the long gallery. Somte months had gone ont in this way, and Miss Agatha grew each day moore gentle and sweet till well-nigh had we for gotteni her terrible rages, wlihen one even ing she entered her room to robe for dinner. 1had left her a moment since reading alone in the library, but when I glanced up at her I saw she was pale like death, almd had her white teeth set cruelly over her lip. " You may go," sIte said quickly, see ing my look. " I shall attend to my own costume to-night." I left her at once, for I saw she was angry, and wondering what the cause, I wandered ill here. Then 1 knew. On a couch before this picture lay Sir Arthur, his eyes fixed upon the picture of his handsome wife. 11e did not hear my coming, and even as I stood thunder struck, a shuddering sob shook him, and he said aloud: " So soon, my Elizabeth ?" Noiselessly 1 retreated and sought my mistress. If she had seen antd heard aught that I had her poor loving heart must be near to breaking. WVlemn I entered the room she was startding before the long mirror, unfasten ingl her splendid lhair. As it fell heavily beside hlier pale face, it was like heavy smoke drooping oni a snow-clad roof. "Madam," I questioned, swondering at mty own bravery, "what gown shall I maoke ready ?" "Did I not tell you that 1 should niot need you ?" she ;nswered slowly, like one whose thoughts are far away. Without aanswer I took down a greeln go:w,lt lteshed over with whlite lace, one in whlichl Sir Arthur had likened hlier to a sea- wave withl thle crest of foam breaking over. "It is in tliis gown tihat uiy nmaster likes best to see you," I ventured agaiu. Alt, my dear, I fear I should niot be so courageous nowadays. She turned liercely, and I thlought hier angry eyes would burn thiroughi me for an instant; tihen slte east herself down in a wild passion of tears. "Oh," shite cried, and iever shall I forget the agonised voice, "ohl, Wilkins, you knows it l Yon have seen that I love him ! And-and have I shown him ?" in a broken whisper. " No-oh, my poor chiild, no 1" I made loving haste to say. "It-heo-Sir Arthur loves his cousin, and knows that she loves Ititt int-in that way; tlhat is all; believe mo, that is all." In some degree was shle comforted, but her grief and shalme overwhelmed her for a tinme, and it was long, ere I was permit ted to robe iher in tlhe sea-wave gown; i and then, indeed, what.with her pallor, she was mnore like a spring snowdrop. Foeer all I could see, my lord was as usual at dinner-a fine gentleman hlie, with his powdered hair and rich attire nd so Miss Agatha, saye that he spoke seldom, and tilen with downcasteyes. I saw Sir Arthur look at her curiously once or twice, but hl said naught; only when lie was finished offered his arm to lead her to the music room, I following and sitting near the window, as was lmy wont. Sir Arthur seated his cousin in a higih backed chair before the spinet, and thlen she spoke in a voice which was half a sol : " I care not to sing to-night." Iut nmy lord iasisted, thlough lie saws she wished to refuse; and .lreseutly her whitoe la;ads fell ,is the kevs, and she ran [ over the prelude. When the sweet voice caughlt up the strain, Sir Arthur drew his chair close and sat listenisag with his eyes lixed onl Miss Agathat's face. " I am thinking of thee alway-with a lore undreamed before; I am longing for thee alway-lay this thought unto thy heart--" Suddenly her voice died away and her nervous hands crashed discord down tlhe keys. "I cannot sing to-night, aay cousin," shoe raid, answering his startled look. "Not that ballad, but it may be I shall do better with some otlher." Over Sir Arthur's face flashed a won dering exlression. Thenl he said withl a gaiety strange and new : "I cry your pardon, cousin, but we must have our same ballad to the very end." "Not if I cannot sing it," site said, gently. "And if you cannot, why? Did you not sound that sweet voice througlh all the strain but a week ago ? And does the nightingale forget her snotes so soon ? Try again." And so poor Miss Agatha was forced to sing the ballad. Atd I, in sympathy witll her wounded heart, understood the trembling tones in which at last she linishcd: ' When the glowing crescent cradle gleamed that night from out the skies Then lie spoke to mue with language-he lhad told me with his eyes." As those last words died away Miss Agatha turned slightly; with a faint smile, and met Sir Arthur's eyes. All the truant blood flushed into the white throat and face to meet his gaze. As for hiMa, lie had gone quite pale, crushing the music ill his haud and leaning for ward. "Ahll, Agatha, have 1 indeed told you what I have so hardly struggled to con ceal ?" I heard him whisper softly. Even while joy for her filled mily heart, I saw her draw back inl scorn. " My lord, you forget Mistress Eliza beth Berkeley !" she said. Ay, it was a cruel word sihe spake, and forgetting myself in dismay, 1 had al most slprung toward her when I heard his voice onco 111mor. "1 do, sweet Agatha, tlhough, as seemed more mleet, I tried not to lose her from my thoughts. But a mn can not choose but render up his love with those black eyes upon him." .When I perceived front her face that not again would she scorn her happiness, I fled away and left the twain, rejoicing that it was so. Well, they were married at once, and for all they loved each other truly, they were not happy. Pour Lady Agatha was jealous of the portrait of Mistress Elizabeth : sihe could not brook to see her husband looking so at her its the picture. Well do I remem ber when slhe made a silk curtain and Iung the portrait over. As I said just tnow, site was always a bit fanciful and childlike. Scarce had I, assisting her, completed the hanging of the silk, when ill came imty lord. When lie saw what site had been about, his brow contracted as though some sudden pain beset him, and he questioned : "Is this well doune, Agatha ?" " Ay, sir," lshl answered steadily. "It is well done for my peace of mind, though not, perchance, for your desires." And with that she rani past us both like a mad creature, and flung herself sobbinsg on ler bed. Sir Arthur, always as forbearing as on the night of their betrothal, suffered the curtain to remain witliout furtlherspeech, and shortly after yielded to Ihis wife's wish to have their portraits painted, seated, as oil that evening in the music room. ilndeed, lie refused her nothing, and when she bade him have a name let into the wood-work of the frame lhe complied with but little delay, though site would not tell him wherefore she wished it. "A Pause in the Music," sihe had chosen, and though always it sounds to sme like a fancy picture, yet it was her desire. One evening, when for some reason she seemed sadly low spirited, Sir Arthur drew her in here for a game of romps; but she went tand stood before her own portrait, hanging beside the curtained one. When her lusband cameo to her side, she turned suddenly, leaning against Ihimn, and said sadly : "AlAh, Arthur, it was an unhappy mo ment when into the music of your life I brought my discordant snotes. The music_ paused-never again to be so sweet." At this, comprehelnding her whim of the naarte, Sir Arthur was sore wounded; but Ile reproved her gently for her idle fancies, and presently'sls grew quite gay in assurances of his tender love. But it was only for tlhe tiame. Matters went fromn bad to worse, and miy.mistress grew maore hiard to bear withl each day. For the first titme shte quarrelled with me, her ever faitlhful maid, and her fits of passion came oftener and lasted longer. As a revelation did it come to Sir Arthur ier uncontrollable;tesmper. Always haveI believed that tile poor child was near distra:ughlt for fear hler hiusband should love better thle dead wife than thle living. Often wondered I at his marvellous patience with his passionrate wife, fol she would have caused a saint to wax wrath, though 1 speak against one -dead and gone. Well, one evening, to make a long story short, mny lord alnd lady sat at tea, and it was I who served thesc. Presently my mnistress asked her husband if his tea were to hIis liking. Pleasantly enough he answered, in hiis joking way, that it had been made sweeter for him in days gone by. My lord thlought of his indulgent mother and tis days of boyhood, but my mnistress was in a .white rage directly. "Would. to gqodness the Mistress Elizabeth were Iere to make it for you I" shIe cried, in her insane jealousy, and ere he or I saw whtat she did, she lsnd flung thle warms ten full in his face. I stood deprived by fear of motion, but my lord, for the first time in a longlife, had lost control of his temper. Dashing the tea from his face, and strode to her side, and oh; it was an evil moment in which he did such a cruel aetl for i d isr ihea time than I tellyou in, he had lifted the bare, pretty arm alndGIf i6r?ia"a?f 'r4 his knee ! My lady sank back. fainting, a!d my lord, when be saw me dart to her side, got himself away. Well, he sent off at once for a surgeon, and the arms was set, and much was the wonderment as to the breaking. I could only say that I had found her lying so. When lshe canto to herself again I was sitting by her side, and never shall I for get the anguished look when she saw the bandaged arm and toI,k remembrance of what had happened. She turned toward ime with wide-stretched eyes. " You will not let hint comeO ir., Wtl kins T' " No, my lady," I promised mournfully, and presently she slept. But poor Sir Arthur's remorse was dreadful to witness. "How can I ever blame poor Agatha's lack of self- control," lie would groan, "when my sinful temper hias led me to so brutal an act? Do you think she will see me to-morrow, Wilkins 1" B]ut though on my knees I pleaded with my lady in his behalf, she steadfastly re fused each day to see him. When I spoke of his agonising remorse, she interrupted me. " Wilkins, will you carry my husband a message front e me?" "That will I," I answered, right gladly, for metthought she had relented of l.er harshness. "Tell hhn from me, then," she said, and her voice knew no tremor, "that never in this world, or the next, do I wish to see his face again." "Oh, my lady," I begged, almost stunned, "do not ask me to tell him that 1" "You promised. Go !" she said, coldly, and, with tears streaming from my eyes, I went. Sir Arthur lifted toward me, when 1 entered to him, a face which had aged five years in a fortnight. " WYell, Wilkins ?" lie said, a faint hope brightening in his eyes. How I delivered that cruel message, I know not, but presently, weeping bit terly, I found myself back with my lady, and shivering like one in an ague. No questions put my inditferent mistress, and almost, for the time, I hated her. When she could have come from her room, but kept it, through fear of meet ing Sir Arthur, and when he saw that it was even so, lie handed me, one day, a large envelope thick with contcntc, ask ing that I give it unto my mistress. Sihe perused the document coldly, and re placing it, bade me carry it back, at which my lord inquired eagerly if his wife re lented of her coldness. When I answered hinm nay, a look of blank despair fell over the handsome face. He told moe the envelope contained his comnllission, and that he should go away on the morrow to serve the king, seeing that le could not his wife. And my heart bled for him when le said lie could not ride until lie had seen her. So 1 made bold to bid him follow ime to my haughty lady's chamber unannounced. When he entered in I[shrank back amid the hangings, afraid for this thiniig that I had done. Mly lady sat gazing from her window, and did not glance up at the footfall, thinking it me, until, struck by the silence, she turned and saw her. hus band. " You I" she said, in a voice mingling fear with scorn. " You !" "I ant come to say good-bye, Agatha," he answered, cut to the heart bylook and tone. Then quoth my cruel lady, with hand outstretched to the door: " So be it, fare thee well, Sir Arthur." He turned, leaving her presence, and his face was that of the old lord, his fattier, when he had lain dead in his collin. And so liy mistress let hiim away with out word of forgiveness or wifely love, even though her heart raged in her bosoim through woraiip of him. But she chide me not for tile bringing of him to her chamber. For manny months wo led a right lonely life in Berkeley Hall. My master wrote moust regularly to hia harsh lady, and eacl letter she read with indilferent mice, lhading it tlherewith to me, that the ser vants might know how their master fired. This news carried I to the servants hall, and of the war, but knowing my duty, spoke naught of the passionate tenderness and pleading for forgiveness which filled his pages. Never a line of good or ill did miy ntis tress pen, held by liher wicked pride. But when the winter came onil severe, and the great house grew chill and draughty, then did she grow each day more unlike her self. Nolonger did she read, or siug, or run, childlike, through the great balls. Hours now she passed gazing out at the snow-clad forests and gray skies; and oft times at night, wltiem the gusty winds roared through the cracking trees and whistled sharply at the house corners, would I see her straining her eyes out through the darkness. And on oneo such a night I found her weeping in the win dow seat, and I know she pondered on my lord, homeless, and battling not alone with men, but with fierceness of the elo ments and a despairing heart. It was then I plucked up courage to beseechmy lady to write and bid hlierhus band home again, knowing hlow that shel had forgiven him long since. Which same, after nmuch bitter sobbing on my bosom, my lady did. But for hlier stub born pride niow was she punished by a waiting long and grievous to be borne, in which we heard not fromi SirArthur, save rumors of battles hard-fought, won aid lost, and of manuy killed and wounded. In tihe early spring my mistress fell ill unto death, and after many weeks, in alwhich it seemied that the struggling soul must surely escape tile fragile little body, I robed her once more, and carried hier down to the great hall where she liked best to be. And I think we both wept for very hlappincss that she had not fled away during those mionths of eulluring. And now she saw that it was summner time for tile trees were heavy-leaved and tihe I grass sprung greenly, and still her one thought was for the warrior husband for Swhom in silence she had grieved herself Sdown into the shadow of death. S As the hot days dragged byvwe saw that health was not for her again unless the Sabsent came. For she grew no stronger, and when Ilifted hier from chair to couch, Sor carried hier along the stairway, almost it was as though I held my own infant in my arms. Onei esening, Wvhen I had cushioned her Sin the deep window seat, with the sashes all thrown wide that she might feel the faint breezes steal across her wan face, Sshe spoke to me of this. " Wilkins, do you think he will come quickly?" -. And I, knowing of whom she thought, Smade haste to answer: S"Surely, my lady; in a few weeks Snow, at the utmost.' 70 -ý" But Wilkins," her answer coame, migl?ed with a sob, so weak was she, poor lamb, that scarce could she speak witlhout tears, " but oh, Wilkins, then I may not be here !" So choked was I with the f ar that she spake the truth, that I could only kneel at her side and kiss the thin hands. With that she looked at me keenly, and reading my face drew in her breath lb sharply once or twice, as a persn cc wakened suddenly from deep sleep, then turned her face again to watch the stars, 1i calh and bright above earthly unrest and gloom. th Presently I sank low on the floor, leanl ing my head lightly against my mistress, ti and so we sat far into the star-lit nighilt. But bethinking myself of her feeble state, i I besought her to allow me to bear her of to her chamber, and when she answered In me not, a cold fear sprang, like : clutch- Ni ing hand, to mny heart, for I saw that she in had swooned. to The next day my lady asked sme if I would render her a service. " What would I not ?" I asked, where- t upon quoth she : i " When I am gone, do you tear the ti silken covering from the portrait of my t1 I husband and Mistress Elizabeth, and is should lie come again, tell him I bade it w done. But firmly am I persuaded that in ih another world lihe sees my sorrow and re pentlace; and I myself will lhve his love 'r and pardon ore many days." st Nevertheless, she said to me, a little I later in the day :c " I am trying hard to await his coming, it h but it is so long-so wearily long !" and ' again : "AlAh, many and many a break d Swas there in the two-fold music of our C lives! Mine were the discordances and o the failures. Tell Arthur that now I have n paused to take breath for an endless har mony." No, it had not been a happy marriage, that of my lord d anmy lady, andyet they v loved each other. My lady's Spanish blood had spoiled her for an uEnglish a woman, and my lord's English tempera'- i ment gave him no clue to the wild pas- I sions and changing moods in the wonman I lie had wonell. Well, my sweet mistress Agatha was I sinking lower and lower, and all were a despairing of her life, wllen my lord came home. Riding hard he came, mud-he spattered and travel-worn, dashing lip to the great hall door and flinging from his steed. Adown the stair.was I coming j a when I saw him on the threshold, and as one paralysed I stood, nor could open my t mouth for joy. But my master strode across the hall and up the stair to where r I halted, his jingling spurs and clanking sword sounding strangely harsh in that t I quiet house. "God save you, good Wilkins," he s said, merrily. " Do you mnistake a man for a ghost that you stand and stare? Where bides my dear lady ?" And then metlhinlks lie Ilunts have seen trouble in my face, for lie grasped imy arm v L so that it was blue for many days, and a demanded hoarsely : "May it please you, sir," I said at last, t " my mistress is very ill ; I fearthis sud- t I den joy willill kill her. Let me tell her L you are here, lest-" "No, no! my sweetheart will not die of ie !" he cried. " And love shall snatch her from the very grave !" a le sprang past me and into the chalu bur of my mistress. I heard a wild i scream, and then sank tremubling ou the stair; for only that day the doctor had c said a sudden shock would kill my poor c lamb. c But, ahl ! I need not have whinmpered so vainly, for from the hour of Sir Arthlur' colfiing Miistress Agatha rallied ; and when at last she clame down stairs aigain, her dark eyes soft and tender with lappi. ness, her husband carried her, not I. In truth, even lhad leu not grudged m1e that sweet service, she had grown much too heavy for my poor arms. 1 The picture of Mistress Elizabeth was presently uncovered by my lady's own hands, and in the days to come often stood she before it with her husband, adl- t miring its fair beauty with never a trace of jealousy or anger left in her chastened l heart. For love aend suffering hld done I in hler their work. h lany years have passed since thee:, chill. I am an old, old woiemai, out- t living husband, ima-ter, mistress, all I t loved. I can only wait patiently for the t brief days to end which separate 1my dear ones from the fond heart that loved thenl so, and which is faithful still. 11 