A FREE KTR The literal meaning of the wind " Fair," in its commercial sense, is a " free market," In other words, a "fair"meansamaricet at which aD and every may purchase or not withont bang subjected to fee or tax, and also when; all and evary cam sell without any such disabilities as attach to ordinary markets. At. one Sw the fairs in Bwfr'J were great features in the social and industrial life of the people; but, since the establishment •f railways, and the quicker istercomiDtancafaon which haa resulted, these fairs have pretty well died out, a matter perhaps for regret, in some respects, but inevitable under the (hanged conditions of the life. Here n Australia fairs are unknown. Indeed Tczylittl« of the old fashioned methods obtain i> these fast go-a-bead colonics. life is not so slow and lethargic as in Europe, and business is done with a movement and force to which, in this day, few provincial folk in tbe old country are accustomed. Ibis, however, is a necessity, following upon our freer and mate prosperous condition, as well as the awakened energies and iatdligaiee of the last half century, life, too, though longer in its average than our worthy forefathers enjoyed, is still too short for riow or cumbrous methods; and the art now is eoogtot in all directions to do as much in an boor as 100 yeara a#o was accomplished in a week. This, however, is not a matter for marvel. If ws live at higher pressure, we obtain higher rewards than the eld folk could ^^^^ ^ ^ aTer^, ^ cxpaotv: therefore of expenditure, is & hundredfold greater, and is more equally distributed than in those "good <Ad days" which sentimentalists are continually regretting—people, by the way, who axe of rimfinT sapless constitution to that of Lord Uaoners who wrote:— ' Let science, learning, arts and commerce die, But give us back our own nobility." People nowadays have money to spend, and as education and a higher intelligence have taught thexn how to spend it wisely, we find great establishments, such as Foy and. Gibson's, of Smith street, Collingwood, nfeo esrieteeee, whnsn - I»IM|MI» it is to •apply to a wdl-to-do papulation, the comforts, the necessaries, the elegancies and refinements of home j lifc_ j j Here we prase to make a correction. We have stld thaHnim are unknown in Anstialia. We are At ^ «°om«.T, the firm we have mentioned, Messrs. Foy and Gibson, m conducting a gigantic Fair, and to * ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ vulgar, expression, "it is a sight to do sore eyes good." Any theatrical manager wbo may happen paet )£eGBz& Foy Gibson's great chops duringthe day must, indeed, have a large and generous * , ' . . . T . mmd if he forbear from a sigh of envy as he notes the throng: ajid pre** of people into mid out of tlioee pj^jg, jui moved by the one impulse—an eager desire to avail themselves of the advantages offered by Foy and Gibson to pnrchascrs during their great Fair. To the benevolent mind it must give pleasure to reflect that at least 90 per cent, of these crowds are rendered happier by their attendance at this Fair. The young wife who become possessed of one of those elegant mantles, of which such numbers of surpassing beauty and grace are evhihited, will have a sweeter temper and more contented spirit than ha* hitherto ruled her. The matron who has secured of those splendid Brussels carpets at to. 6d. per yard will fed a greater pride than ever in her home. The country gentleman who has purchased his suites of furniture for the home to ivhidb he shall presently conduct his bride, is filled irith a sense of importance and responsibility, to which hitierto, during his shift less slovenly bachelor days, he has been an utter stranger. In a word, it impossible for a reflecting observer to look at tbe eeasc-less influx and out - flux of visitors to show to be insensible to the circumstance that these fairs serve a higher purpo6e than perhaps ever entered into the calculations of the originatore themselves. We do not suppose that Messrs. Foy and Gibson, when contemplating the establishment of these fairs, took into iwktming the philanthropic aspect of the matter. But as a rule moral good follows upon all honourable en- texprise, and Messrs. Foy and Gibson when tfcer reckon their profits, may, if they please, add to them the important, though intangible balance of an incroued papular contentment. There is another lessonto Icam from these fairs, and that is, that in the hands of capable men, no affairs, however intricate or complicated, are beyond the influence of method. The rules by which this great eBtabluhment ^ governed, arc even as the laws of the B . ' m Medee and Fewaans. A fixed system-result of long experience—and large business penenoe, controls every detail of tho bnsi- ^^ ^ go on like machinery, and tooar mind, withmnchof tbe throb and pUseofU. Bome idea may be formed by those who have never visited Foy and Gibson's premises of their size when we inform them that the frontage extends 220ft. to Smith street, and that there is a depth to Little Oxford street of 200ft. The great show rooms, filled with the costliest of feminine raiment are enormous apartments. We wander if ghosts of departed belles assemble here o' nights and, unidst dainty sJUcs and velvet*, and laces, and other bewildering matters, taste again some slight Savour of the delights which onoe moved them in the fle«h- We do not believe in ghosts, tat, as we have Mr. Shakespeare's authority that there are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in oar philosophy, it may be on the cards that ghosts of deputed fair ones do rerimt these eeenes of first delights and mingle in spiritual sympathy with the substantial throng at Stoy and Gibson's Faira. People—ladies in particular—who want a new e^a^tum, ocght to spend an hocr or two at Foy and I . <f K»»f™r «o. do not Gibeon's Fair; if ttey, having done so, do not relation, all w« can nay ic that they mnst be very | mt Forsnchpeople there is but oBewsomnS—patwt—medirfnes.—IAIWT.J 