d r i t m b a Gossip. Funeirl. Chili, £r\ Silver, 4W. Speculation. " Master and Man." Our coming masters. Summary to-morrow. Herculcs not paid or. " Labonr and Tariffs." Broken Hill silver, 51d. " Macgregor, Macgregor." Fine weather for gardening. Half-holiday to Civil servants. Proceed warily in silver stocks. Barometer at noon to-day, 30*10. Gladstone's head ia atill growing. Baptist Bazaar, 6d. and 3d. to-day. Exuberance of Gawler on Saturday. Virtue iB the true and only nobility. Chrysanthemum Show on Wednesday. Moaea it lifted up for hero worahippen. The democratic age of labonr opheavals. Hungary workers allowed to demonstrates Grend Old Man sow "gone'' on phrenology. The law of the mriority IB the rnle of ih« masses, Succi says a man can do without eating if he wilL The censor of viosroyalty relegated to obscurity. Farewell to the objector of titular d(atfnetions. Let the past be forgotten, siys the Ministerialist. Sir George Campbell seta np as censor ol Australia. A moribund Ministry needing the happy despatch. Labour is awakening aa a giant is three continents. Jack objected to work on Good Friday onthe -Egeria, " Up in a balloon, girls," did not come off on Saturday. Somebody got at the Grand Old Mp-i— head swelling. Mutiny on the JSgeria. Thia ia tae jeering matter. Political retroipecta are nauseous—to a wak Ministry. Sturt voters entertained senior member on Saturday night. Why oannot railway tickets be sold like postage stamps ? The young Kaiser is the officer on watoh. Full steam ahead. Clouds Bcored on Saturday, anl the balloon must wait awhile. How will tbe mud punchers treat the Sao Francisco Prophet 1 Names aTe always mentioned wh"'" there are loaves and fishes. Wake up, .the Sturt plumpers appeared is last Tuetday'a Journal, Baron de Worms' favourite sons. "The Campbells are Coming." Argentine is wooing AustrO to meet at Bnenos Ayres Exhibition. The Clerk of the Weather heard the threats about that balloon. Keystone cf the Government polisy ia gone; where's the aroh, then ? " Master and Man," which is the master and whioh the man nowadays. It would be worth something to he»T what MOESB has to say about George. Henry George will discourse on "Labour and Tariffs" at the Port to-night. Posts have deprived the Nor wo ids of monopoly Iu baseball at any r&ta.; ZGreat excitement at the Town Halloa Saturday even'n? over polling-booth. Sun rose at 6.35 a.m.; set* at 5.19 p,m. Moon set at midnight; rises at 2.1 p.m. Brother Jonathan is not going to let tha Kangaroo have the tall talk about floods. There will be somege:ety at Glenelgdnifrj : , the oomlng season, Cinderellai to the fore i " Australian Burns" would ba more fitting for the Ambulanoe than the Natives' Society. Eight members who voted against tha Playford Ministry have received notice to quit, The loquacious Hussey would rob men cf titles : his name has now been pared of M.P, Those who try to run with the hares and hold with the hounds are beginning to hedga a bit. Succi has succeeded in his forty days' fast*' though he has lost less than (forty pounds weight. A hungry man is an angry man, bnt a Hungary Government is docile to the coming master. His Excellency haa'made £25,000 out of Broken Hilla—equal to five years' gubernatorial salary. The Hon. T. Burgoyne can teach Mr. EIHe Smith a thing or two about wheat rust eipsriments. As the Yankee said about smallpox, there does not apprar to be enough rain after Bourke to go round. Yea, it will be a kindness to the genial Doctor, to whom greatness oame before he w*M ready, to be relieved. Why should a survey parly be stack up in the North; Do they In that lonely place want to do the blook t Extraordinary discovery—tbe Grind Old Man's "bumps" are atill expanding. Old "tiles" won't cover them, A sucking lawyer is sometimes glad to take a billet at £2 a week, less than an improver at the carpentering trade would ^t. The most striking feature about tbit Ministry is that it has inspired the Tradesand Labour Connoil with ingratitude. "Sir John Downer and Mr. Hagae were th6n invested with laurel wreaths by a Tannnda lady amidst enthnsiastiu cheers." A quarter of a million strikers in Chicago with no intention of showing quarter. They don't do things by halves where the eagle flaps. The Ghost of tbe Crumbman wi'l haunt thfr City Fathers if be cornea to grief on or over that dilapidated footbridge on the East Park I rods near the Stag. How surpr icing It is that Melbourne, whiofr originated the Russian Fnfluenza and taughfr Sydney how to become a city, hasn't disovered that it oaused the floods. " On entering the main street a halt waa ade, and Sir J. W. Downer in a florallyecorated chair was oarried np the street on he shoulders of some of his onthueiastia upporters amidst general cheers."' The University Library at Copenhagen hatf recently secured a very perfect copy of tha first New Testament printed in the. Icelandic language, translated by Oddnr.ancf published at Roeskilde In 1540: It waa found in a Zealand peasants house near Copenhagen, where it had oome from Iceland "a 1828, and was actually purchased for an equivalent in kronen of £17s. Oi. A clergyman, in the neighbourhood of Nottingham, waa oomplimenting a tailor ia hla parish on repairs whioh he had done foe him. In the course of conversation he, however, inoantiouly observed, " When I want a new coat I go to London—they make them there." Before leaving the shop he enquired*. "By-the-by, do you oome to my Churoh!" " No," was the reply; " when I want to hear a good sermon I go to London—they maftt thsm there !" An elcgently-dressed woman asked to ba shown some silk for gowns, and made the unfortunate clerk hand down and unfold pieco after piece without oomlng to any deoialon« Finally, she conolnded she would prefer some patterns that she had first looked at, which involved the turning over of the entire plie (' and at last aaked, "Are you quite sure, Sir,' that this atyle ia worn 1" "It was, Madam,", answered the clerk, " when yon oame in 1 but, after the period that has since elapsed, I should not like to say for oertain." There ia a man in Weymoutn, Massachusetts, who ia a little abaent-minded. One day he was going to Hingham for a load at hay, and intended to getia wagon on Pleasantstreet, He oarried hla fork in one hand and led the horse with the other, paaaed by tha wagon, and (walked to that town, H*< hitched the horse and epoke to a man about stowing the hay. The assistant asked when the wagon was. The words he uttered were —" For heaven's sake, have I left that wagon at home?" He started back after it, and when he waa on the top of Fort Hill he discovered that he had left the horse hitched in - Hingham. 