BOXING. The Light-weight Tournament. Five moro contests in tho Ost. 41b. tour- nnment took place at Walsh's Boxing Hall, Waterloo, on Friday niglit. Potter and Cal- bordfirst faced one another and mado the pace warm from the jump. Calberd began to heavy visitation on tho noso, and at the' conclusion of the third round both their faces were bathed in "Crimson. During the course of the sixtli round Calberd fell after missing his opponent with a right ropnd arm swing. Potter was declared the winner on points. Tho next encounter, between. Werd and Mason, was a laughable one. The former bore down on his man like a hurricane, swinging his arm whirlwind fashion. Mason proved too clever though, and gained a victory after tho second round, having grassed his antagonist four _ times. Both these winners are Griffo's pupils. White and Newberry thou engaged, and aftor the second round the latter acknowledged himself beateu. When the final night comes White and Brophy ought t,6 make a good set-to. Tho fourth fight was the funniest of tho whole series. Dally, rdias "The Sparrow," who often shows at Foley's, was pitted against Lewis.' The same bland smile played over Daily's countenance all through the engage ment, and every time he was sent down, or rather went down, which amounted to 11 times,' ho rostimod tho combut, and smiled benignly on his furious oppo nent. Ho lasted tho six rounds out, though terribly overmatched, and at the termination, upou the fight being awarded to Lewis, lie spread his towel in tho middle of tho ring and asked tho spectators to " make it willing." A couple of shillings was netted, aud " the Sparrow " popped away witli the samo broad smile, rejoicing. Lauraux, wno nail evidently never smolt powder before, faced Bateman, but had not tho ghost of a show, and recognising tills himself prudently caved in. Next Wednesday night tho lournament will.be continued. The winner receives L20 in cash, the runner-up L3, while L5 will bo divided amongst tho losers. Tho match betweon a colored boxer named Bon Anderson, or Godfrey, nnd Griffo, champion featherweight, in which the latter guaranteed to knock liis opponent out in 12 rounds, -eventuated at Foley's Hall on Saturday night. Griffo accomplished the task in four rounds, notwithstanding tho disparity in build and weight in tho nigger's favor. Before this there were about half a dozen bouts between a few good men and some awful duffers, and a lot of them, we are inclined to think, nevor had a glove on bofore. 