Bovenst. Y'NADJA;-" A Battle With Death. A Lovo Story Founded on tho Mys- . corieb ot Thoosophy and Transmigration. . Jtu rREDtflllC St. 1)EX, Author tij ; h'nrhn; or, A'tuk-n Cop:iWfs I'etfamentanj A'e.juest," CHAPTER I. thcbb kte or blazing rir.c. Tho story which lam about to rclato Is eo filled with mystery, ao rcplcto with those things which the world calls impossibilities, that I onn often find myself wondering if R cad bo truo. Can it bo that I bavo dreamed si on, and oy rcaron of its constant asiooia tioti with facta, have (bus taught myself Jo belicvo ill No, no ! By my eido eit3 Nadja, and from her lips oomo the repeated nssar- aoee that it baa. been no dream. In tbo wondrona depth of her mtdutghl cyoa X sec that all hao been reality. I know that I now dwell in tho porfect uliss of her lovo, and, that J Iinvo only obtained it by ariaing, : PbcDoii hko, from thi nshea of tho blighting, consuming Iho which scarred me, body and soal. boyond recognition. I can hear now the hissing of tho Uanin, and can yet fed the coorohing, withering heat that uhot ont from the woman with the burning eyes, hor Nemesis and mine. "No, no! It bos bt on no dream. It was all too_ horrible, too torrlblo, too real I 1 havo lived it through; I liavo borne tho tests; I havo fought tho dread battle with dark mystery for a foe, and I havo been vie torious. \- From out tho mazs of smoko nnd heat, the , _ terror of the dread duel to tbo death, where in the woman. fiend was bo often, for a lime, the victor, I havo issued unaoatbed ; and aa I . look back upon that atreoge chapter of my life, aud bring to mind llic wonderful power of my steadfast friend, who so mngiaaliy peno tratcd tho mysteries that would olherwioo havo engulfed me, aa I reoatl tho almost Im possible achievements of bis cooultism, his kn'owicdgo of tho black arts of Hindoo lore, I start yet again with wonder and alarm ,and it Is not till 1 fool her orms twining around my ncek, until hor warm, red Hps aro pros sing mino, that X aha assured that I do not _ eleep, that I liavo not been dreaming, that I 'may. not soon open ray eyes to find that lam . still Alone in my studio, in tho fading light of day, unloved, sad, and with passing "hours bcooming moro and mora a oonfirmed dreamer. ' . But I. will tell tho story in detail; I will unfold if, pago by page, incident by. inoi dent ; arid perhaps the recital, the osreful ro tto pect; imiy help to drivo away tho fauoles which tho terror. and tho horror of it all have \- so firmly impressed upon roe I eat olono in my studio just as day was merging- id to night— alono with the ghosts which niy fanoy wrought upon eaoh'knlf. ' finished canvas, as the eddying light of that dyjog doy becamo with eooh moment moro . and more. alivathcd in shadow. ' I was! rapidly becoming a vlotim of melancholia ; my gaiety bail turned, dnring the past few months, into raorosonoso, my high spirits into bitter dissatisfaotlon and petulance. - Tbo day," wbioh was just drawing to a oloEO/had been one of bitter disappointment to me, for j hud teen tbo honor wbioh my ability, had rightfully won deliberately awarded to another. Outwardly I remained oalm, but upon returning to my studio I had thrust my hand and arm through the canvAS upon .wbioh my greatest effort had boon growing day by day for wooks. I had ruined tbo .painting effectually, and then, with a grin of satisfaction, I had lighted ray pjpo and thrown myself into tho lounging ohatr beforo tbo window, whero I eat watching the fliincut tiote and biltoily wouderingif those > aaroo connoisseurs who had oondemned mo would not also havo pasped by thoso golden . tolouds 'with wbioh Nature's brush had so ' grandly deooratcd'tho eky, Ao 1 watched tho gorgooua ooloring, tho atrip of gold-uued oloud, I bccamo imbued ' with tho' idea that Fate had plaood it thoro ob a promisc for my Xutaro ; bat I laughed \- uiuuu | . if wuivuxjr, iiv tiiu (uuuyui, wiiliu A . mutterrd savagely: . -"Although it ia gold now, should I but touoh it. ij would turn to brass on tho . Insmnt,. ' ' \- Still 1'aould not' drivo away tho thought ; \- it was pleasant to dream upon, and so 1 allowed my fanoy. to build its castles in tho air. v ' Suddenly thero waa a sharp rap upon tho panel of roy door. It oomo bo unoxpectodly and broke in so rudely upon my drcauiiog that I had kaped'to my feot before I realised v - (bo naturo of the alarm, For "n moment I thought that I would tnako no rerpotiHC. X was not in tho mood tooutcrtnln, and mill le«a to tear tho pity ing dondolences of aoinu artist friend, who had probably called for the purporo of mourning with mc over my defeat. Aa I stood in tho oontro of Uio ilocr, undecided whether to admit my onllcr or not, tho rap !' wae repeated, and Rlarm was eo much louder then ihcpr.'c-.ui- ono had been, that 1 hesitated no longer, but htepped quickly r forward mk! threw open tho dcor. . h With a loud cry I staygrred back, and \f stood staring liTiightedly into tbo blaok darkness of tho corridor, for tbcro, bitoro mo, were two b'nlU of living fire, glowing, angeling, burning. They blaasd upon mo darbnesp, an though soma wild of tho juoglti wcro crouching thorn, ready fo snririg upon find devour inc. In- dead, that'wax the first Rensation of which I wao oonfciouo, and (ho next ono (tamo when a voico— a wonian'rt voles— 'addressed mo : "Is Ihirt tho studio of Mr. Congdon?" " it is," I replied, in a lor/ tone, not yet having recovered my wile, aud raontAlly ohldicg my/iwn 'oily and stupidity. " Will vou. wr.lk in'?" ' . - £bo cn'ind -a tall figure habited entirely in bisoti and I ooutd not kelp sbuddciing as «f0,i7 «wr to mo, just as though her very prcsonco had brought a droad with it — o premonition of coming evil. I hurriedly lighted tho gas, feeling that the darktioRB was tho ciubo of my fr,nciea. anu thon turned 'to clfsr my visitor a ohatr. Hu asain 1 violently, for tbo faco that I saw beforo me was so strange, so uu- natural in Its doath- Hko lividnoes. Her ootnplcxioD, though dark almost toawartbi. noas, bad absorbed n pallor which reminded me of a sheet of parchment . buried for ages in sorno forgotten tomb, only to bo at last ex «mo yellowea h a years of Thr coloring of hor faco was as nothing, however, and I would havo speedily for gotten it had not hor jolty hair set it off so strangoly, so vividly. But when my glnaco met hers— when I looked into her ovos I stood appalled. ' Thay literally burned, and with afire so iutoneo that I involuntaiily put up my hands: as though to bar out thn boat that must ba emitted from thorn. 1 ronellod yet fascinated. I longed to fiy from tho blazing fury wbioh seemed over roady to dart oat upon me, and yet I felt irresistibly drawn nearor and .nearer, I was terror- o.wuaeu, yciooormcu. I did not'spcak— I could not Tho room grow suddenly hot and stifling, my brcaih came with difllaalty, and I bad tho feeling that my senses wero io soma anaeooaatablo manner being stolen from mo. Summoning aU my energies with ono I mighty effort, I turned to tbo window and ourt8in» Tho diversion re lieved mo, tbo oppressive eoasatioHS wero gonu, so that whon I again faced my guest I believed that my imagination bad plAyod : mo a triok, for tho fire had died ont of her strange, dark eyes, leaving them dim and almost expres sionless, whilo around tho corners of her mouth tbcro played a peculiar smile, as though in tho brief intorval during which eho had been with mo soma query that had been upon her mind was effectively an swered I was impressed with tho idon that, however sba might state tho object of her oall, there was roroo hidden intent behind it, of which I was to become on unsuspecting, perhaps nncousoieuviatim. I felt a etrango, sudden obill Bteal over mo— that shiver which ohildren eay_ is caused by tho aat of somebody in stepping upon one's fataro grave. "Mr. Congdon," fho said, " I havo oomo hero upon tho recommendation ol ono of your artiet friends, a Mr. Jules Dolormo." "Ah I" I replied, abruptly, for t suddenly remembered that as I was Ieavlog tbo Academy that afternoon Jules bad thrust a bit of folded paper into roy hand, which I, in turn, had coneigned to my pocket without reading, being too much cconpicd by the bitterness of my own thoughts to think of it again. In all probability it rofcrred to this call, and I wished that X bad read it, ilow- over, I could do so as soon as I should bo again alone. 41 X want yon to paint a poitrail for mc," she continued, Binking iuto tho casycbair agfllnet which my pipo was still leaning— " tho portrait of ono who is so beautiful that you havo but to sucoecd in making a porfcct I bowed in reply, for I dared not Hpeak ; my heart was bounding with too muoh exal tation, It was tho very opportunity for whioh I had louged. " You will havo but littlo timo in whioh to aooomplish tho task set for you," eho wont on in u low monotono which seemed peculiar to hor ; 14 tbreo dayo ot tho most." " Impossible I" I cxolairood. "No artist could do a portrait justice with only three sittings, and I loast of all." She shrugged her ehouldors, " Nothing is impossiblo if lha will bo but strong enough, Truo,.. you will havo your model for only tbreo ciUings, but thoy may begin early and end At yonr own ploafiuro. May I depend upon you to paint the portrait, Mr. Oongdon ? Will you do it ?" " But thero ore others who posooss much greater tnlcrat than I," I began with somo hesitation, but sho interrupted me quickly. "For ray purposes," sho oaidf in a low tons, " bcliova mo, there is no ono half as capable as yourself. Will you do it t " She leaned forward as sho asked the quca- tiou, and again for an instant her eyes blazed with that etrango firo wbicb rendered tho atmosphere I breathed so hot and etifllog. . " Can it bo a portrait of her own free 7" I thought, for with all tho weirdncss whioh scorned to bo a part o! her, thero was yot a strongo, wild beauty woven into her feature?. "But no," I half muttered in reply to my own thought, and then I answered bor alood. - "I will attempt it," I said ; and a strange, oxnltiog smile illuminated her faoe for an in stant. "Tell me, now, who and what is my model!" I oootinued; and as I asked tho quostlon my visitor's faoe lighted up yot ooco again with that incomprohonsiblo smile. 41 Your model, ' she ropllcd, in a low tono wbioh thrillod mc, 11 is one who since eho first breathed the broatli of life has boon my oonstant aaro. Bho is beautiful, tho perfec tion of oroation. Woro you gifted with tho imagination ot tho gods of art and with tho brush of Gu!'o, and could you Bit hor alono in your studio and transfer to onnvoe a por traiture of tho soma of beauty, tho perfoofi ideal of loveliness, you would have no need to pco your model, for her pioturo would grow beforo your eyes." . ' She rose from her low seat in tbo easy- obair, and hid a card upon tho table, and then glided rapidly towards tho door. Pausing qb sho waB about to paBS through it, ehe said : " Wo will ba ready for you at nino in tho morning. Tho nddrces is upon the oard." Tbo door oloacd behind hor and bUq was gone, wbilo I still remained seated upon tho Btool in front of my ca'oel, oonseious that I bad shown her but ecant oourtesy, and ycc, tor some reanou, powencss to move, i-or a long lima after eho had loft ma I remained motionless, wondering in a dreamy Bort ot way what it nil meant; why I had been sclcotcd ns tho artist for this work when there wero do many with ready-mado reputa tion .who wore certainly moro cnpablo. I wondorcd who my onller could bo, and why her prcBenca hud moved mo bo atrungely. I marvelled time I, who boliovod mynolf bo strong, had been no easily owayod by tho will of a etrango woman. My head throbbed with now floncMiono long after she had gone, while many misgivings prcecntod tbemsolvce to my fanciful mind as tho posBiblo oonsequcuco of her visit. . At Inut I reaohed forward and took np tho card which oho had left upon tbo table, but as I glanced at it I felt a thrill ot dis may. Thero woo no noma upon it— nothing, but tbo addrcaa. Tbo street and number wore there plainly onough, hut that was all. I did not yet know who my visitor was, nor oould I loam until tho morrow. Sho did not givo mo her namo ; I had not thought to auk it. In fact, tbo moro I pon dered over tho oocurrcnoo tho moro I benamo convinced that in somo way ot whioh I was totally ignorant my visitor had compelled ma to remain 'satisfied with tho littla sho chops to tell mo, and that my naturnl.zoal for looming nil that oould bo learned rogarding tho appointment had been, fur- gotten. Had 1 boon made the viotim of a hoax, or was my onllcr insano? Suddenly 1 remembered the note whioh Julonlmd thrust into my hand nt tho door of tho Academy, and I drew it forth eagerly, thinking that I would thoro find some ex plnnalion of the ohain of ciraumstancos. Rat a new diaappointment awaited roe as I read tbo note. It root . PnucKLV, — I hrvo taken tho liberty of reeommendiog your namo to a person who wishes a portrait of tho most beautiful creature I over saw. 1 dcolincd tho task for reasons wbioh you will nuder-' stand when you Deo your mode), I oould not havo dona tbo painting jasUco, but I am j convinced that you can. You know what a droad I have of anything out of tho beaten traak. I wonld say moro if I could, but I havo broken my word even now, for I pro- mitod to say nothing, and I am obliged to confesp that I do not even know tho name ot tho person -to- whom I bavo-reoommeuded you. I hope that you will nndcrtsko tbo portrait and suocoed welt with it. "Jules Duloiuil." For a long tima I pondered over tho wordo which Jules had written, and then I tore up tho noto and forgot it. But I had dcoidod to koep tho appoint mont I bad made, at all ovents. Tho morrow will reveal tbo mystery to me, H mystery there wore, and I oould wait. I turned out tbo light, and, taklngmypipo onco more, Bat for a long tirao in tho onoy- ohair beforo tbo window, thinking, doubting, wondering— <droaming dreams no mesial ever dared to dream boforo," until at last tny eyes oloscd, and then I dreamed indcod. : I foaod mysolf suddenly in a brilliantly- lighted room, atdtiding, brash ia hand, beforo rv monstrous ensol, whioh was draped with long festoons ofcrOpb.' Tho very walls of tbo apartment wcrobdng with tho symbols of mbnrnlng, wbilo the hush of. death rested upon tho silent air. lle'ore nio stood my model, a orcataro' bo perfect, so superbly beautiful, that t felt my own utter in ability to comprobcnd tbo loveliness of her exqa&to; face. Fpr many moments it eccmcd as thoogh I sat stariog, enthralled and speeoblees, upon that vision of wondrous beauty, until at last, in dpspcratioo, I touched my brash to tbo canvas. On tbo instant tho ontiro vision changed, and instead of that form of magnifioent splendor and porfcct beauty, I saw boforo mo tho faco of ay Iato callor. But. in somo way, oven that was transformed; The latcot beauty or nobility which 1 had seen in it bad fled, and in Its placo was tho faco of a woman-fiend. Too burning oyes scorned, in my dream, literally to blazo with firo, until tbo llamca shot out of them aod filled tho room with a stifling beat, I gazed upon her, fascinated, for with every instant the face boforo mo moro and moro rcaseamed the fea tures ot tho faco that I bad seon first, until at last tho radianco of that great beamy ebono upon mo again. Bat stop! and in my dream I seemed al most to hold my broath lor an instant. Thero was a difference! What was' It? Tho faco which my vision piotured beforo rao, and wbicb 1 was to portray upon tbo canvas, was that o! my model; bnt ovon tboogh I admitted that much, I felt assured that bor soul bad somohow gono out, and that tbo personality was that of tbo woman with tho burning oyes# -The faoa was tbcro, but tho soul seemed to havo de parted. Again 1 lilted tho brush and ossayod to paint, bat, as tbo pioturo grow, I saw that I was depicting tbo livid pallor, tho parch- mcnt-liUo ekin, and tbo burning, .fiery eyes of my caller instead ol tho faco of my moaei. I oaBt tho canvas asido, and tried again; Tho result was tho ssmo, Again &nd; yet Again I renewed tho attempt; but with overy effort that terrible face grew more and moro hideous, moro and more frightful; It bocamo a monaoo ; it appalled mo. I workod as I bad never workod beforo; 1 strove with all my might to paint tbo counterpart of the faoo of my model, but it over seomed as though that btdeoua soul burned through the beautiful foatares, snd I could depict nothing else, At last, in uttsr despair, I throw down my paletto and brash, ap, with a paroxysm of rage, I tore tho onnvas into Btrips and stamped upon them. 41 Bring back tho sonl that onco dwelt be hind tboeo eyes, and I will paint tbo por trait I" I cried, in my dream ; 14 but I cannot, cannot do it now !" Then tbo room rosounded with a langh whioh filled mo with horror— a laugh cl triumph, a laugh of menace. " That soul has fled, but mino ia bore," I heard the voico of my oaller Bay, in pierolng tone?. "Paint that !" 41 No, no 1" I oried ; "Ioannotl I will search for tbo other 1 I will And it I Even though it has bocn carried aoross tho Styx into tbo regions of darkness I will fiad it and bring it back I" 44 Fool 1" retained tho woman; "In searching for that you will loso your own. Stay anapaiut tho picture as you find it." But I paid no heed to hor wordB. . I darted away out of tbo room, followed by her de risive laugh. " Sho iB a fiend," I cried—" a fiend 1" as 1 hurried oo. And thero my dream ondod, and aU ones moro booame a blank,. .1 slept'/. CHAPTER II. : THE MVBTEnV DEEPENS. . When I awoke it was broad day, and the sun was shining brightly upon tbo fountain, whioh gashed in living stream into tbo air in tbo park opposito mv studio, I started and rubbed my oyes oonfuuodly, wondering for a moment whore I was, and why I was not in my bed as usual. 44 Ab" I said, 44 so it was a dream after all and njy Pifltyco 0 notl even commenced ; the Wfltk is to bo done. I bavo not even scon myroodel ; oho remains to me unknown," I throw off my garmonts and oprang into tho bath tub, fooling a delicious oonviotion that tho water would effcotually olear away tho cobwebs of my excited fanoy, and tlint Blakely Congdon would soon again bo tho prosaic artist prepared to go about with hio day's work witu a gonuioo zest, onco mora freo from a host of unseemly fancies and weird imaginings. The dream aud all that it' had rovoalod to mo I dismissed from my mind as nothing moro tDBii vno consequence oi my louy, wheroby I had allowed my mind to canjuro np all sorts of abodes and piotuves after tho departuro of my vioitor, and just prior to my falling into tbo dcop slumber through wbioh I had pneead. Bnt lator X remembered it again in every detail, and wondered. Hoon I began to oollcot thoncooseary para phernalia for my task, for I had resolved to mako a rapid but thorough study of tho por trait required, and to perform tbo majorpart ot tho work at roy loisuro in my studio after tho three days of "graco" had cxpirod. Then, when the hour draw near, I est out for tho addross written upon the oard wbioh my vioitor had loft for mo on the previous night, In tbo ooureo ot haU-an-hour X ronobed it, finding myself beforo a largo squaro houso whioh stood back from the street half hidden by tho trees which grow within tbo yard. I was obliged to paee through a massive g&tovvay; In tho hugo Iron fonao, and tbon along a winding gravel path, whioh finally brought mo to tho roarblo steps that lad up to tho great front door. 14 Certainly they aro pooplo ot considerable wealth," I mused, as I noted oarofnlly tho oviuonocs of oflluouco upon every hand, mentally shuddering when I felt my artistic consica outraged by tho frightful distortion wrought in the figures of two oouohent lions done in iron at either oido of tho portal. 1 had no need to annoonca my arrival, for onc'half ot tho great door was open, and just within, aa though awaiting mc, stood a servaut, whom I at first mistook for a negro, until a sharper glance proved to mo that ho waa rather of an Aoiatio cast of counten ance, and that his hair was as straight as mine. "Carry that to your mistress," I said, authoritatively, extending roy oard towards him, Ho took tho card, and niter leading the way info a smalt rcceptiuu-raom, bowed end left me, without having uttered a word. Presently ho returned, and, still without cpraking, extended a- enlvcr upon whioh rested a delicately-folded note. It was briaf nnd to tho point, i t npologisod for the apparent laok of oourtesy in not re ceiving mo in parson, and said that tho ser vant would conduct mo to the apartment wboro tho lady whoso portrait 1 was to paiot was waiting to rccoivo mo. Evidently it was writton in great hooto, for my employer had again neglected to reveal her name, having signed the communication with two initials only, nnd'thcy wero 44M. D." I motioned to tho servant to lead tho way, and after again indulging in a low bow, which confirmed mo in tho opinion that ha was Asiatic, ho conducted mo up a flight of stairs f aod into a largo room, whioh waa luxuriously appointed in Oriental mQguificcneo. If'gazed around mo ' in rat admiration. Everything which my eyes rested upon within tho apartment pleased my artistta censes. The hard wood floor strewn with costly rugs ; tho inviting (couches piled with delicately- embroidered cushions; 'tho works of art by tho great masters upon tho walls; tho tapestry— all wero pcrfcot in their complete- ness. That whioh otruok mo as most re markable woo that tho deoorations were in no sonBO overdone; oprocthing had been left for tho imagination of tho bo- bolder at overy turn, andT stood. ontrancod, in tho very ocnra of tho room, wdndoring if I had suddenly been. transported into tbo land ot tho Genii. ' Than t turned towarda the door, intending to question tho servant, but I found that ho had disappeared, 1 was alone. At ono end of tho room stood an case), rendering tbo porfnblo ono whioh I bad carried in my band an unnecessary com modity, and, moreover, it was already pro vided with tho largo Fqa&ro; of stretobed canvas upon whioh I wab expected to work. I examined it crilically, and found it en- : tirely to my taste ; and thon, throwiog my self lazily upon one of tho divans, Ifcnstod my oyes upon tbo assortment of curios around mo. A half-hoar passrd thus, and I waa be ginning to wonder how much of my precious timowQf to bo wasted in impatient waiting, whon tho tapestry near rao p&rlod;, nnd I wao no longer alone. With a sudden exolaroation of apology, I leaped to my feet, bnt tbo words I would bavo uttered died upon m y Hps, and I oould, for a moment, do nothing but gaze, spell bound, upon tho vioion beforo mc. Ah, yo who dream of porfootion in tho human form ; yo to pioturo to yourselves tho completeness of lovolincoa; yo who in your leisuro momenta paint in brilliant colors tbo Idea! of alt that is beautiful in womankind, must fall far short of tho reality wbioh stood boforo mo then I To say that she was beautiful would bo do- /amotion, for beauty, after all, is a compara tive quality, and nothing could havo com pared with her. Sho was all, aye, moro, than tho words of my visitors had proclaimed her to bo on tho previous ovenlng in my studio. Description fails mo; words bccomo empty nothingness ; langaogo io utterly iqadequato ; iiuuguiutiuu luiiti as lac auor oi too inci una as entirely fails to grasp it an it does when ono spcoulatos upon thovaotnetmand infinity of opaco. I was rooted so thospot, literally paralysed by tho vioion beforo mo, nnd I could do no thing but gasp for breath, forgetful of my oxistenoo, of tho world, of everything oxenpt that sho stood thoro, and that I-was feasting roy oyea upon her, Hor soul ooemed to shino in the depths of her wondrous eyes— great, black, dreamy, yot &U; ablnzo with tho living firo of unknown passions. Tho ollvo tint of her skin was ra- lic-vcd by the glaro of eddying flamo juat be neath it, while every outlino of hor features was so perfect that tho Vonua do Mllo roiyhi have blushed from morblo into olay before her. - The oostumo which sho woro greatly added to the charm' other presenoo. An artiatio combination of Oriontal and European, obioing with cmbroidory and glittering with jowcls; sboBtood boforo mo a revelation. How long I would havo remained thus . opellbound and apeeohleni I will never know,, hut hor voico, lika notes of music falling upon the etillnosa of tho room, recalled mo par tially to myself; 44 Where will you placo me?" alio asked, hor words revealing just a touoh of sorao foreign ncclent whioh I did not rocog- nleo. In an instant I was myself again, and has tened to begiu tlio work for which I now folt nothing bnt eagerness, although at tho thought of plaaing tho counterpart of all that wondrouo beauty upon tho canvas boforo mo, I felt that I had nndertakon an almost im- possiblo task. True, I could paint tho imago of thoso groat blaok oyes, but could 1 repro duce the soul whioh ohona through thom.tho firo wbioh blazed in their 'depths, hidden, yet constantly impressing tho beholder with tho ooneoiousnecB of its presence ? 1 oould por tray tho faoo and features, bat could £ catoh tho something that I could not defiuo, whioh, though unseen, was still thoroughly a part of hor. " Hore, pleaeo," I naid, iu answer to hor question ; and in Bpito ot my resolution to rom&iu; merely tho artist, my voioo and hands troubled. But presently tho work was begun, Sho did not speak unless in answer to somo ques tion of mind, Whonovor X mado a auageatiou regarding her atliCudo or cxprcflRio'uHnb in'- stantly fulfilled my wiuhou, Nor did oho seem to tiro nndcr tho strain. Many times I paused and told hor to rest a moment, : feeling that nha must grow weary ; but eho ever arailod a quick ncgativo, and told mo to proceed. On and on I worked, becoming bo absorbed in my .tank that I forgot tho flight of ;ime. My brush seemed- gifiad. anew .witu Ilia necessity of tbo indwont and ponsossed of a talont it bad never known beforo— so muoh so, iudced, that X S9verol times half paused io wuuucr itb mu gumuu i wib luiiu Huuaeniy and unexpectedly devnloprug, paused long enough to marvol to myself and then dash onco moro into the vc?y vortex of tho oooasion. With it all, however, tlwns not'forgotful of my model. Many timqi I besought her to rest, and onoo I otoppal work, oaying that ?ho must bo worn out, and that I would rcaumoon tho following day, but sho told mo to prooacd, that l'I'J was not tirod, that tho work must bo done in time, and that an hour moro or /ess, thon, waa as nothing to hor. V Ooco, in raakiog soma slight alteration in tho Jraping of hor garment, my hand oamo suddenly and unoxpcotodly in oontaot with hers, tad I starlod baok with cm oxolaruatioh of dionay and alarm. Her band was ioy cold— eo cold that its moro louoh had sent a chilling wavo all ovor mo. Thm 1 insisted upon u abort rest, and aho reluctantly complied, bub although I cn- deavoicd to ntart a conversation whioh would tako fcer mind from tbo occupation in wbioh wo were engaged, sho responded only with BhortmonosiiabioanQwcrs to my questions, never venturing a remark of her own.eo that at last I bcaamo so taciturn as sho, and our work progressed in silence. So tho day woro away. At noon tho unmo eorvant who had admittod mo brought a sub stantial luncheon into tho room, and for half an hour I was left alono again to discuss it and to rest. , Thon tbo curtains partod anow, and my most beauteous visitor onco mora stood be foro mo. I had began to work as ono iu d droara, There was an unearthly quiet about the houso, a something unreal about my -occupa tion whioh gradually took possession of me until 1 wondered If I would not soon awake and disoovir that I had indeed be n In dream land. When the night drow near, and tho light became too preoarioUB for mo to aontinua my work, I gathered up my brushes, bo- sought my model to go aud rost, and took my departure.. At tho door I encountered tho stinngo ser vant, and I ctopped long enough to slip a substantial fco into his hand, and to inquire of him tho namo of tho peoplo by whom I was employed, hut ho only grioned at tho fco and then handed it hack to me, murmur ing somo words in a tongue wbioh I did not understand. It was somewhat of a relief to find that tho fellow was not dumb, even though I oould gain no informntion from him, so I pressed the fee into his hand again; but ho 'firmly though politely refused to aooept it, and I left tbo houso moro puzzled than ovor, Whon I opoin reached my studio it was quito dark. Tbo night waa warm, and I left tho door leading into tbo cortidor open, tho better to get the bcnoGt of any brcozo which might bo ntirriog. titill hatt-drcamily I pondered over my work. Tbo exquisitely beautiful faoo ot my model ehono before my oyes as vividly as though it were thero in reality, illnminod by a light olcctrio. Tho soft, languishing glanoo of hor oyea— tho warm, rich glow of her ohecka— the delicate curves of bor full, red lips— tbo pcrfcot grace of bcr flguro thrillod ma through and through; and yot, in tho midst of it all, I could noL forget tho ice-like coldccos of that ono touch, which had sent a shuddor alt over mo. It had not been liko oontaot with an ordi nary hand suddenly bccemo Cold. It was libo tho touoh of death itself —that wax-like, penetrating thrill whleh is felt when ono comes in contact with a oorpso. I oould not shako off tbo fooling, nor could I frco my mind from many unformed misgivings regarding tho family, tho people, with whom I bad thus etrangcly como in con tact. Tho singular cnll and tbo order resulting therefrom ; tho apparent and evidently in- tontional neglect to mako her namo known to mo on the part of my cmployor ; my tor- riblo dream of tho preceding night; tho silent, Asiatic-looliiog servant, who either could not or would not speak roy langaago or accept Q fco from mo ; tbo monosyllabic uttmncco of my boautiful modol, and bor very evident disinclination to say moro in my prcfmcetban was absolutely necessary — aye, and tho very potent fiact that she, too, aa well an roy caller of tbo cvoning beforo, waa foreign by birth ; tbo elegant mansion with its priDosly furniture, its Oriontal character; my own etrango and unacooant- ablo sensations, with tho almost insano desire to work on and on at tho pioturo I bad undertaken— all this and muoh moro p&ssod; In review boforo mo in tho clouds of emoka which I blow over my hood, watobiog them intently as tho draught caught- them and carried them whirling out of tho window into the darkncGS of tho night, to bo lost, llko my speculations of tho moment, in tho vastncsn of space. .Suddenly I bcoamo conscious that I was no longer alone— that someono bad entered tho studio through tho open door. 1 turned my bead lazily, without rising from roy obair, expecting to eco ono of my numerous iricuas, anu rcsoivca inwardly to cut his visit an nhort as possible under tho prctenco of retiring early, to find that my eyes were looking into those whioh had on tho previous night reflected tbo ntrip of gold in the western sky, from tho corridor just outsldo my door. "Sit otill," oho said, calmly, restraining my effort to rise by plaoing a firm hand, whioh Beomod full of strength, on roy shoulder. " Yon aro fatigued by your long day's work, and there is no necessity for you to move. Hero is a ohair near you whioh X shall occupy for the few momenta I Bball be hero." / Sho seated horeelf in it, whllo I murmured a meaningless word or two, for I was so as tonished by her eeoond call that I oould think of nothing to say, " I found your door open," ohs continued, " and saw that you wore resting in yourohdir by tho window, so I thrust asido mero con ventionality and walked Into your studio." Again 1 murmured a polito nothing or two ; bat before X could oollcot my wits euffi- olently to e&y; anything worth recording, eho weut on again. " You acq very tirod, I fear, Mr. Congdon, with your long day's work, nnd tbcro nrotwo moro just as long and just as tiresome bo foro you." "Yes, lam tired," I admitted; 14 but tho night will rest mo. What I most fear is that my model will not ba ablo to withstand the strain of two moro days liko this one." " Your model will not fail you, never four," was tho madam's oool and assured reply, 44 and when tho thrco days aro over she can rest." " What am I to do with tbo portrait whon it is fiuiBhod ?" I asked. 44 Of course you fulty realise that this is only a study that X am making now— that tho portrait itself must oomo later; that moro study— aye, and more art, must bo omployod upon that in order to make it at aU worthy of the original. What, then, shall I do with it when it is finished?" "ltoally I do not know. I had.not thought of that." 44 But, surely, being so anxious to havo tho work done beforo your departuro, you must wish to havo it forworded to you," I con tinued. 44 Yea, yos, to be sure) I will givo you full directions before tbo work is completed," sho naid. , 41 And now, Mr. Oongdon, X rovcrt to tho reason for my eall to-night," 44 Yos?"I r'omarkod, looking up llstlossly, for I found that tho only way in which I oould avoid the etrango nnd nnacaountabls sensations with whioh this woman's prosonco possessed mo was to force mysolf into abso lute listlosancso, totally disregarding oil in terest in anything, To look np and moot those strange, burning oyee, wao to feel tho unpleasant thrill that I had noticed on the previous night ; to allow roy heart to bonnd with anything resembling enthusiasm upon any subjeat which sho mentioned was to feol again that sense of stifling and ot olosencss whleh was so oppicosivo. "Thopurposo of my oall this ovenlng, "sho continued, 11 was to ask you a question whioh you may consider importincnt." " And that is - 44 Do you think thAt tho portrait will ba a success? l)o not start, for I am not ques tioning your talents, hut your heart." 41 My heart!" I oxolaimod. I was nil in- torcot now ; my listlcnsnopu was gono, nnd sho saw it, nnd wont on rapidly : 11 1 kuow that you can reproduce the faco nnd form of— ol your model ; bat, Mr. Gong, don, can you also reproduce tho beauty whioh shines through her being, and io not a part ot her rantoriol person V Sho lsaned far forward in hor ohair, and her oyea ocorocd to blazo liko aoats o! living fire as sho breathed, rather then ottered ; 41 To paint tho picture as it should bo painted, your heart must feol tha beauty o! that soul, Thus, your hondwill bo guided to perform Q work whioh will bo tho marvol ot tho world. Your eye cannot aooomplish it; your sympathy, your soul, your— lovo— can. Will you sueccod, Blakely Congdon?" As though gasping for a breath of air, I throw myself baokwards upon tho oushiono, nnd my cyos oloscd in spito of thomsclves. I felt that 1 murmured a low 44 Yos, I will suo- eecd and thon for a short onaoa X mnnk bavo boon unoonsolcuo. " Yes, I will saoooed; but though twin fame, renown, nnd fortune, I will loss all else that is mino, for, Hoaven holp mo, though I have seen my modol but onoo— though sho is as unattainable as heaven itself at this moment, I lovo her I" I opened my eyes and looked around mein tho semi- darkness,. My visitor had gone. Then I arose, and in very bittornesa of eplrit throw mysolf despairingly upon my bod.—/ To be .Continued. ) 