THE ROMANCE OF TWO CAMERAS. It was in tho old Spanish town of Toledo that Eleanor's matter of fact dctectivo camera first played her false and led hor into the byways of romance. All through their tour tho camera had been a source of delight to hor and of annoyance to her father. He was proud of his daughter's skill, and glad to havo tlio incidents of tho trip recorded, but the mysterious littlo box was continually getting them into trouble with the Custom House officials and with people who objooted to boing photographed. Eleanor had providod herself for the tonr with two rolls of sensitised paper instead of the ordinary glass plates. Each roll was capable of containing 100 negatives. Tiio mokors boasted the advantages of light weight aud compaotness for transportation, and Eleanor recogniaod the further convenience of not being obliged to develop lier own negatives, tho contrivance allowing hor to tako view after view, and when tho roll was filled to lay it asido for develop ment and printing at somo future day by a pro fessional photographer. It was through no fault of tho makers, or of Eleanor's, that lior anticipations of an abundant harvest of photographs woro not realised. A suspioious officer on the frontier had insisted on examining tho roll-holders, asserting that ho suspected that thoy contained nitre-glycerine, and that the camera was a neat little infernal machine. As exposing tho rolls to the light would havo utterly ruined them, Mr. Thurston labored long in his daughter's behalf with tho obstinate official, and finally, with the assistance of a generous fee, sncceded in allaying his sus picions. Luier, u Moorish puuuier ot curiosities in southern Spain, on comprehending that ho had been photographed, insisted that tho portrait should bo dostroyed. He was a most picturcsquo figure, in his white turban and flowing robe, and Eleanor was loth to part with hor trophy. Hor father mado use of the same arguments which had proved so convincing in tho caso of the guardian of Customs, but this timo money was powerless. Tho fanatio believed that tho portrait might craf tily . present itself beforo Allah and demand tho soul laid up for him, and that when ho died ho would find himself dofrouded of his immortality. His troublo was gonuinc, and Eleanor attempted to explain to him that as yet tho portrait did not oxist, and that it should nover bo developed. Bat his apprehensions and suspicions increased with every word, and ho angrily suatohod tho plate- holder from her hands and deliberately unrolled tho contents, destroying, in his search for his portrait, all of the photographs hitherto taken, tho treasures of their experiences imposibio to he replaced. Evon theu tho Moor was only half satisfied ; ho seemed to think that the por trait, which ho had not found, must bo con cealed in tho camera, and Eleanor trombiod for the instrument, as he insisted on examining it thoroughly. Sho felt that it had escaped a great peril, and as tlio second roll remained, having been packed in her trunk, sho was inclined to congratulato herself on coming out of the adventure so easily. " I fear I shall havo to confino myself to architecture," site remarked a fow days later to her father. Thoy were seated with their courier Antonio on tho balcony of tho inn at Toledo, and it happened by a strango coinci dence that Thomas "Winter, a young American journalist and magazinist, who was also an amateur photographor, was stopping at tho same hotol. As ho intended remaining some timo in Toledo, he, had rented a story in a neighboring tower to servo as his workshop, but as Eleanor spoko he was finishing off a newspaper lettor in a room whoso blinds opened on tho balcony where tho party were gathered. " Can you toll mo, Antonio, of any pictur- esquo building in Toledo, or near it, whioh I could photograph 2" Tlio question intorosted "Winter, and ha looked up from his article. Antonio promptly rccommoudcd tho old cloisturo of San Juan de los Reyes as -having been photographed by a Madrid professsonal. " Yes, I bought a photograph of it in Madrid," Eleanor replied. "Wo will go there, certainly ; but is there not somo other less known edilico whioh has not been takon by any one clso ?" Antonio thought a moment. "Would tho So&orita; liko a viow of tho 'Tower of the Magians, a relio of tho School of Magic for which 'Toledo was noted in tho tenth cen tury 1" "Stuff and uonsoso !" said Mr. Thurston. " The Sohor is incredulous," said the courier ooolly ; " ueverthelos it is quito true. When the Moors owned this part of Spain, long before Queen Isabella of blessed memory drove chc-m into Africa, thore was in this city a university for the study of tlio black art, and I have no doubt that Satan was one of the doctors. 'They played famous trioks in those days. Has the Sehor never heard of thcin 2" "Young man," replied Mr. Thurston im pressively, " reserve suoli flights of your imagi nation for English tourists; we aro Ameri cans." "Antonio is right, father," Eleanor remarked gently. " There was a school of alchemy here, though it was probably only chomistiy; tho prefix al, you know, moans ' the.' I havo boon struck with the number of terms which wo have in chemistry which are derived from the Arabic. There aro alcohol, alembic, aludcl, alkali, and others ; and almanac enmo to ns, I presume, from the astroiiomcr-magiciniis of the Giralda. I havo a vory deep respect for tho learning of those old Saracens. I wish I know just what experiments they tried in the old Tower of tho MngianB." " I'll warrant it was only a good dcul of hocus-pocus to mystify tho unlearned," replied her father ; " Greek firo for the Saracen nriny, love philters, elixirs of lifo, and the gold-trans muting philosopher's stone, and that sort of humbug." "It was not all imposture," Eleanor assorted oonfidontly. " Greek firo was gunpowder, and they could dissolve gold with mercury and pioroo iod hot iron with sulphur. I do not wonder that they believed in their own magical powers" Thomas Winter, who had involuntarily over heard t|ie conversation thus far, began to query what tho personal appearance of tho speaker might bo. Ho was oertain that sho was far too learned to bo young, and, us lie thought hor rather entertaining, ho argued that 1'rovidenco must have compensated for this good gift by deny ing hor other attractions. Still, as tho voico was a pleasant one, he admitted that sho might be amiable. He felt grateful to hor for having suggested to him a subject which ho felt euro ho could turn to account in a magazine article, " A University for the Study of Magic ; or, tho Alchemists of Toledo." What a taking title that would be 1 He would study up the records, and liis imagi nation could supply the rest. Her nexj, remark interested him still more, for she touched upon his own hobby with an enthusiasm which ho shared, but could not so well have expressed. " What could tlio old magians havo thought of photographic cliomistry 2" sho asked, evi dently talking to herself. '"There is something positively uncanny nnd suggestivo of tho black art ill tho way that tho imago comos out upon a negative in tho developing tray. Nothing which tho alchomistd did could have been mora liko tho work of genii. By tho wuy, what an excellent 'dark room' tho. tower wo passed to-day would make. Thore is not a single window in its massive walls. " Do you know I believe it was a developing room ! Tlio enchanter Gober may havo worked there. We get our word algebra from a treatise on mathomatios which ho translated from tho Grcok, but he was moro noted as a chemist, and wiote tlio oldest existing work on chemistry, entitled, "Tho Summit of Per fection. " Was there anything in it on photography 2" asked Mr. Thurston. "I am not sure," Eleanor replied; "but even if it has not como down to us, there is na proof that Buch a chapter did not exist It may have been destroyed by the Inquisition." "Thank you," thought Wintor, as ho madt several rapid notes in his memorandum book. "Thore nre somb Arabian books of thni period in tho library of tho Esourial whioh escaped tho fires of the Inquisition on account oi the beauty of thoir illumiuntion. I'll look uj "Tlio Summit of Perfection.'" "Perhaps thoy called Gobor's science tin ' black art ' from this very dark room," Eleanoi suggested, unconscious of hor auditor. " I ear fanoy it hung witli black velvet, a faint spnrl glimmering in a ruby glass suspended in oito oi thoso beautiful Oriental lamps." Thomas Winter choked a laugh. "If sh« could see the interior of that tower now," h< thought, " the velvet hnngings replaced hy diri . and grime, and tho red lantern I rigged from a penny candle aud a broken Bohemian glass cologne- bottle." Eleanor, ignorant of the mirth whioli she was exciting, continued, "Then, of course, there must havo been apparatus of strange shape, and Cals filled with potent elixirs, graduating glasses of purest crystal, a trickling fountain, and tanks filled with tho wonder working fluids." "Tho Schorita has then visited tho Tower of tho Magians!" It was tho conrior Antonio who asked tho question. " No, Antonio. "Why do you ask 2" _ " Because the Sehorita has desoribed so pre cisely the interior. A stranger lives thore now who holds no intercourse with tho peo ple of Toledo, No, I havo not seen the room hut the little Candida, daughter of the mule teer who keeps his beasts below, climbed into the tower one day when the stranger was absent, and tells mo it is fitted up as the Sehorita has said, oven to tho ruby lamp and the strange bottles, which were not of tho apothecary. If the Senorita would liko to see tho room, Can dida will show it to her somo timo when tho stranger is absent." " The littio Candida is very obliging," thought Winter. " I wonder whether tho Seftorita will accept the offer." Eleanor, however, disclaimed all curiosity. The man is very probably an innocent photo- graphor," alio said; "and, atallovents, I have 110 desire to pry into his affairs." "Ah, no !" Antonio replied quickly. ' I have been in a photographer's shop in Madrid. It was a great, sunny room, with a glass roof ; not a dark tower like this. A room without windows ! Surely those must be evil deeds which bide them selves from tho light of heaven." " What is tho man's nationality?" asked Mr. Thurston. " Some say that he is a Moor from Africa, who . has come baok after hidden treasures. When they fled away they took with them maps of their estates and tne keys to their dwellings, intend ing to como again. So I say that this man is a descendant of one of the old magicians who has returned in search of somo charm left walled up in the tower." "Perhaps," suggested Mr. Thurston ironi cally, " this is the old magician Gebcr himself, who has boon walled up all these years, and has at last hopped out as fresli as ever, like a toad from a block of sandstone." "Perhaps," Antonio assented. "Ho is dark enough for a Moor, and the littio Candida says ne is no Christian ; while ho may have the power of the evil eye, for his glance is fierce and wicked." _ " Indeed it is ! " "Winter nlmost uttered tho ejaculation aloud, and it struck him that the possible cause for thie adverse opinion lay in the fact that ho had declined Anotonio's offer to show him tho cathedral for a pinstor, and had neglected to chuck tho little Candida under the chin, an omission which was all the more marked as he was the only traveller that season who had not bestowed Homo such token of appreciation upon the little beauty. The party on the balcony now set out for tho cloistor of San Juan de los KeycB, and Winter, repaired to his ma gian's tower. "I wishlcould have had a glimpse at the lady," ho said to himself. " She is a re markably suggestive young person. It wasn't exactly that what she said was so brilliant, but Bhe 1ms started me on a train of thought that I am sure I cau make something of. Now, if I ever marry, that is just what I should like in a ' wife, a woman who would bo an inspiration. I think I can make something, too, of that idea of an exhumed Gcber come to life again in his laboratory, and finding all his enchantments surpassed by modern science. I wonder what the girl looks like. I believe I will take my camera and casually stroll down to the convent of Sau 'Juan. Something may come out of it." And something did, but not what Winter had expected. Entering the chapel of this littio jewel box, built iu the exuberant style of the later Gothic by the Great Cardinal Ximenes, Winter heard voices in the adjoining cloisters. Shielded by the ivy which screened the window, he could see Efuanor flitting about the clois ter gorden, absorbed in admiration of the series of fine effects reudered by the luxuriant semi- tropical foliage in its setting of arches carven in all the exquisite caprice and richness of the Spanish flamboyant architecture. It was a rare upofc, and Eleanor was presently busy with her camera, rapt in a fine ecstasy of enthusiasm, and unconscious of the beautiful poses into which she threw herself as she moved from shady corridor to sunny garden, now pausing to scent a rose, to catch a few drops irom the fountain, to place a camellia on the breast of the imago of the Virgin under one of the canopied niches, or to bestow a little caress on her father as he rested on ono of tho stone bonches once used by tho Franoiscan Fiiars. Winter thought that ho had never seen so grace fully or. so beautiful a girl, and mentally com pared licr rapid and agile movemonts with those of a humming bird. The photographer's instinct was too strong for him to resist, and instead of presenting himself openly in the cloister, he had his camera in order in a moment, and from his point of vantage behind tho ivy had soon filled all his plate holders with different views of tho same lovely subject.. With all his triumph he had an uneasy feeling that the proceeding was not quite an honorablo ono ; but ho quieted his conscicnco with tho mental vow that lie would lock those plates from mortal eye until he could make this young lady's acquaintance, and then, if she objected to his possessing them, would place them at her dis posal. Fate hastened this transfer in a way which was not at nil to his liking. The fair enthusiast, having taken as many views as she desired, gathered a few flowers and strolled towards the chapel door. Though ho had deter mined that somo day he would surely know her, Winter was shy of meeting Eleanor face to face under the present circumstances, and he incon tinently mounted a little flight of stairs leading to tho belfry, leaving his camera, which hap pened to bo at a littio distance from him. Eleanor glanced at the pictures with which the chapel was hung, and, findiug them all deplorable, passed out of the building. Sho paused at the door, exclaiming, "I havo left my detective !" and Antonio returned in search of it. It chanced that Winter's camera, so far as regarded its exterior, greatly resombled Elea nor's, and tho courier, chancing upon it first, bore it away in triumph.. Winter finding Eleanor's, and in his confusion not remem bering exactly where ho had left his own, presto ! there was an unwitting exchange of instruments. Tho mistake was not discovered by Eleanor for several days. Tho Tliurstons letfc Toledo for Soville that afternoon on their first visit to tho alcazar. Eleanor, in preparing to photo graph some of tho Moorish arches, first dis covered that tho internal construction of tho camera in box possession was quite different from her own. Thero was no roll of sensitised paper, and instead the available space was packed with plato holders filled with glass negatives. . It was apparent that in some mysterious way an exchange had boon effected. It seemed probable to the Thurstons that it had occurred somewhere cn route from Toledo to Soville. Antonio was certain that ho had car ried Eleanor's camera directly from tho convent of San Juan to tho diligence which had conveyed them to tho railroad station, and there had beeu no other travellers iu the diligence and no other baggage. Tho train, however, had been crowded with tourists from Madrid, among others au English par,ty with numerous portmanteaus, gun cases, hat boxes and other baggage. These persons had gone on to Granada, and Eleanor bad hopos that tho mystery would be explained there. Winter discovered tho exchange floonor than Eleanor, and was much chagrined. " Sho will never beliovo," ho thought, "that I intended to submit them to hor. Her very reticence and her delicacy of feeling will suggest a thousand unworthy uses which I might havo made of them. It was a pieco of impertinence — what rainchiof making demon tempted mc to it ?" Qe presented himself at tho hotel soon after the departure of the Thurstons. The landlord understood from his desertion who was meant, but it chanced that his pronunciation was faulty, and Mr. Thurston's chirography not of the plainest, so that Winter understood the name to be Thompson, and as ho could gain no infor mation as to their destination, the comedy of errors secmod no nearer its end. Eleanor was deeply disappointed at the loss of Iier second roll of photographs. She had nothing to show for all her pains but a set of plate holders containing she knew not what. Feeling that these negatives might afford a clue to their owner, she decided after her return to New York to have them developed, and ordered one photograph to be printad from each. She was transfixed with astonishment, on the return of tho sot from tho photographer's, to recognise in evory view hor own figure. As a closer scrutiny revealed tho ornate archi tecture of the cloister of San Juan iu the back ground, the truth became evident; some un known person, in all probability the mysterious occupant of tho Magian's Tower, must have photographed her that afternoon. The dis- covory, though disturbing, was not altogether unpleasant. She told herself that the strangor's interest was only that of an expert in his pro fession ; and yet, as she studied tho negatives, she could not but recognise that the subject was rory pretty, and that here was a series of be witching pictures. "Ihey are the best photo graphs I ever had takon," she said to herself. "How fortunato that they fell into my hands. I wonder if lie cared very much and a momen tary pang of pity touched her for the uufortu- aate artist. ' "I will keep the negatives for him," sho deoided ; "but I think that under the circumstances I am justified in reserving theso priuts for myself." And hero tho romance of two cameras might have ended but for tho intervention of the hero's lister, Miss Josio Wintor, who chanced to have been Eleanor's room mate at hoarding school, ind who liad long chorished the romantic pro ject of a match between her brother and her 3eareat friend. Owing to the young man's fre quent abscucos from home, 011 long tours con nected with his profession, sho had not been ible to bring about a mcetiug. " It iB really odd that you did not run across Tom in Europe," Josio remarked, aftor greeting her friend. " He must have been in Spain whilo you were there. Are you quite sure you did not meet him ? " "Spain is a largo country," Eleanor replied, " and we met a great many tourist first and last, but no Mr. Winter. I would have remembered tho name for your sake." " Indeed, if you over met Tom you would remember him for his own sako," Josio replied, with a littio sisterly pique. "He's tho hand somest fellow you over saw, and no end clever. Havo you seen his last story, ' The Magiau's Tower ; or, Gebcr the Enchanter ' ? " " No, dear ; hut the title interests mc. AVe law Gebcr's Tower when we were in Toledo." "I will send you the magazine. It's a delight ful story. The critics all say it's the most origi nal thiug. You'll ho sure to like it. How did «/ou succeod with your photography ? I want you to show somo of your work to Tom. I've told him what an artist you are." " Unfortunately," Eleanor replied, " I lost all tny Spanish photographs. It is no small disap pointment, for I had takon a great many." " What ft ehnme 1 And I counted 00 muoh on those photographs. You see, Torn is raving about tho wonderful work of somo lady amateur that ho met abroad. Thoy must have become uncommonly well acquainted, for she gavo him stacks and stacks of photographs which she had made. Ordinary things enough, too, but ho s&ys; that they nre works of genius. I told him to wait till he had seen yours; and now you haven't a thing to show him. It's just too pro voking." Josie's glance roamed about the room and felt on tho cloister photographs. " What lovely portraits ! " she exclaimed. "Why, Eleanor, you've been photographing yourself. I didn't know you were so vain. You must let me have one to show to Tom. They are too sweet for anything." "Thoy nre not mine ; that is, I have no right to give them away," Eleanor replied, in Borao confusion. " Indeed, I did not take them. How could you think me so foolish ? " "Oh! I see," Josio replied coldly and with a slightly ironical intonation, " poor Tom hasn't tho shadow of a chance. Well, you will come to us all the same on Tuesday and see the mili tary parade from our front windows; wo havo invited only a few friends. Bo euro to bring your camera." Josie hurried homo with indignation against her brother's supposed rival rnging in her in tense littio heart. " She's lovelier than ever, Tom," she «aid to her brother ; "lovelior then ever, but somebody else has found it out. You are, just too late. You always wore like the impotent man in tho Scripturn; while you are coming, another steps in before you. He's a photographer, too, Tom, and Eleanor lias posed for him in the most bewitching attitudes. I never thought she was self-conscious enough to do that for any one. He lias presented her with tho pictures, and she will not give mc one, or even lend them to md, and acted so embarrassed about them that I knew in a momeut that all my planning for you was in vain." "Thank you little sister; but I am rather glad at tho turn affairs havo taken," Thomas Winter replied seriously. "I don't know how far you may havo compromised mo with your friend, but you know it's ten to ono that I wouldn't havo liked her. I have very high idenls in rnforenor to marriage. A mnn ought to choose a wife who will bo a helpmate to him; not alone a woman of congenial tastes, but one who appreciates his aims and is an inspiration to him." With this remark Thomas Wintor shut himself in his own room and for tho hundredth time turned over the photographs which ho had printed from Eleanor's roll. "How such a record as this lets you see into the life of the girl," he said to himself. " It is not alone a journal of her tour,- telling you what cities she has visited, but her favorite haunts in each. 1 can guess what her taste ib as much by what she did not choose to take ns by the scenes which shethought worthy of reproduction. Now there isn't a singlo photograph of a bull fight, whereas I havo a dozen. What opinion would any ono form of me, I wonder, from the photo graphs which I have brought back ? First, that it has been my ambition to secure feats in instantaneous work. There is the winner of the Derby on the home stretch, and Lord Strath- more's pack of hounds in full cry. I caught tho handerilla in the act of fixing the barbs in the neck of the infuriated bull, and I have been duck shooting and hit my bird on the wing with my detective when a crack sportsman at my side failed with his gun. I have been rather proud of my success in getting a sharp, clear negative under difficulties. The overcoming of difficulties I flatter myself has always been a rather distinguishing trait of mine. But this girl does more. In the first place she is on artist by nature. She has fine taste and feeling as well as critical judgment. She has the percep tive faculty to choose the auspicious moment when tho shadows lie effectively, when tho reflections in still water, the curve of surf, or the lines of mountain, road or roof, tree masses and oloud masses, all compose harmoniously. There is not ono of theso views which is not a picture. She also knows how best to produce a human interest. That group of gipsy children has all tho charm of a genre painting. Here, too, is a moonlight effect, and a misty morning in tho Pyrenees, which shows that she feels the fascination of mystery and has caught the poetic charm whioh a photographer who works only for clearly defined, positive blck and whito results never finds. It is the witchery which Whistler describes—' "When tho ovening mist clothes the river side with poetry as with a veil, and the poor buildings lose themselves in tho dim sky, and tho tall chimnoys become campaniles, and the warehouses are palaces in the night, or the whole city hangs in the heavens and fairy land is before us. ' " ' It will be understood that Winter's apprecia tion of the poetic in Eleanor's naturo argued the same vein in his own ; but, as often happens, this self revelation had como late. He had funoicd himself a materialist, and tho know ledge tint he possessed the poetic instinct was like a new birth. Nor did he greatly over esti mate Eleanor's gifts. She was almost an artist, possessing in full the artist's keen love for nature but Jacking in creative power, her head going far beyond her hand and always dissatis fied with hor attempts iu painting. She had therefore thrown away her palette and had seized tho camera with delight, finding here a magical artist who did her bidding with perfect skill and caso. It will be at once foreseen by the judicious reader that fato intended these two young per sons, already united by a common interest and similar tastes, ns lovers. Opportunity alone was lacking for them to become acquainted with their own and each, other's hearts, and oppor tunity came during the late centcnntal celebra tion, when Now York sent forth the command to — Let statue, picturo, park and hall, Ballad, flag and festival The past restore, the day adorn. Amid the splendor of bunting and tbo pande monium of military music, in the most modern and realistic manner, all their surroundings & complete contrast to the atmosphere of mys tery and romance which lent its glamor to their first meeting in the old Arab Spanish town, their paths in life crossed again. Eleanor had received an invitation to view tho naval display, on the first of the three gala days, from tho steamer Philadelphia, chartered by the New York Society of Amateur Photographers. This society had obtained permission from the admiral to cruise at will up and down the bay, in order to give the fleet, broadsides from its 200 cameras from all possible points of vantage. Eleanor had gladly availed herself of this oppor tunity to pursue her favorite occupation in tho company of so many like minded spirits, and from her pUoe on the after deck Bhe watched tho embarkation with amused interest. Each enthusiastic amateur was laden with lus working gear — great camoras and small, cameras on tri pods and disguised in travelling cases, Kodaks and Scovills, Liliputs, Blairs aud Clarks, cameras with revolving backs and reversible backs, cameras that extended liko an accordion and that shut up liko a gibbous hat, vest cameras and pocket camera, clamped with silver and inlaid with precious woods, hard hnoked by hard experionce of roughing it, or crazy with long usage. Thero was still a greater variety to be observed iu the owners. Some were nervous little men who realised the definition of tho word "ama teur" as given by a bright .child : " Amateur,' what does that mean, I wonder? " and receiving no reply, " Well, I guess it's someone who isn't very mature." These worthios were perpetually rushing about and snapping their shutters before the desired ship was on tho field, making two exposures on one plate, or fidgeting or talkiug thoso about thom into a state of similar frenzy. Thero were experts too, who manned thoir cameras with the oooineBs of a veteran artillery man, firing telling but h&rmloss; broadsides at the men of war Chicago, Brooklyn, Essex, Yan- tic, and others, and preserving their nonchalance even when the Despatch approached with the Presidential party, and the war ships aud steamers filled the air with the olamor of boom ing guns and shrieking whistles. Thomas Wintor was ono of these. Ho was just focussing his instrument on tho maiming of the yards as tho Despatch approaohed, when he noticed with some annoyance that a lady had stepped between him and his subject. Her face was turned towards the Despatch and he could not see her features ; but there was something strangely familiar in her alort poiso and the willowy grace of her figure as she bent to her work or leaned eagerly forward, intont on catch ing the most propitious moment. " Another humming bird girl," was his first thought, instantly corrected by the conviction, "No, it's the same— tho littio photographer of tho oloistor in Toledo." As tho thought passod through his mind Eleanor turned and met liis stare, for it could hardly be called anything else. His hat \va3 off in an instant. "I beg your pardon," ho exclaimed impulsively, "but I feel certain that you are the young lady with whom I exchanged cameras in Spain. Is not this your instrument ? " Eleanor acknowledged that it was. "I havo used it ever since," ho admitted,' "but I dou't think I have injured it ; " and ho proceeded to explain several little attachments and improvements which he had added. "You aro quito welcorao to them. I never would have taken the liberty to tinker with your camera," ho continued frankly, "if I had had the most remote idea of ever meeting you again ; but I hadn't the least clue, aud while I was iu Spain I could not supply myself with another camera. I argued, too, that as you had my detective, and as my Ions was roally a bettor oue than yours, it didn't bo much matter. Aftorl reached homo I found tiiat I was much attached to the little machine, and so it happens that I have it with me to- day," "If yon are so fond of it, pray keep it." Eleanor replied lightly. Wintor, however, in sisted on restoring her property, aud Eloanor accepted it gracefully, asking him to name an address to which his own camera might be sent, as sho had kept it boxed and ready for oxpres- sage since tbo day on which sho had discovered the mistake. " You boo," she said pleasantly, "that I did not sharo your fooling that wo should never meet again." Winter's heart bounded. "Pray, do not trouble yourself to return my detective, but allow mc to call for it. I havo your photographs to return. I must confess that I could not resist tho temptation to print your roll. I beliovo thnt I have now made a clean breast of all my transgressions. The photographs ckuqb out re markably well. Slay I be forgiven " "Certainly," replied Eleanor, with slight em barrassment, " since I must ery pcccavi as well, for I had your negatives printed." Winter suddonly remembered what those negatives wore. "Then you havo discovered anothor crime, and one, I fear, which you will not so easily pardon."' But Eleanor did not look in the least offended, only quizzical and tantalising, as sho said, " Really, thero is nothing to pardon. There is no harm done, sinco I have tho photographs, and you can't expect mo to give them up undor tho circumstances." "Surely, if you know how highly I value them you oould not refuse " But at that instant Mr. Thurston approached, and Eleanor interrupted tho plea with tho exclamation, 1 "Papa, this is tho gentleman with whom I exchanged cameras in Toledo. He has just given me miue and kindly offers to call for his own." "Delighted, my dear sir," said Mr. Thurston, cordially. " Wo arc at the Fifth-avenue Hotel, and shall bo glad to see you any ovening." The steamer struck the wharf with a gentle shook, and with a smile and a nod Eleanor took her father's arm and was gone. It was not until tho elation occasioned by this meeting had sub sided that Winter realised that the lady, with all her apparent cordiality, had not given him her name. Ho fancied that ho bad discovered it in Toledo and that it wan Thompson, but the suspicion that her neglect might be intentional threw a wet blanket on his triumph. "There may be half a dozeu Thompsons at the Fifth- avenuo," he argued, "and I may not find her agaiu until I am a grey haired man." Fate was bettor to him than he feared. When he reached home, wearied and out of sorts, he was met by his sister Josie, who led him gaily to his supper and talked of her plans for the uext day. " You surely haven't forgotten, Tom, that Eleanor Thurston is to spend the day with us. Sho is going to bring her camera ; for, though they are at the Fifth-avenue, they have inside rooms and thoir windows give 110 view of tho procession." Wintor was about to reply that if Miss Thur ston was coming ho should make it a point to spend tho day at the office, but the mention of the hotel caused him to alter his intention. Per haps through his sister's friend he might gain a clue to iier fellow lodger, tho maiden he had ju9t found and lost. Morning came, and crowds surged to Fifth- avenue to obtain places from which to view tho military parade. Every doorstop swarmed with the lucky early comers, and the side walks were soon solid banks of human beings. Enterprising men and boys brought barrels and boxes, which thoy stationed close to the walls, routing thorn to people in tho rear of tho crowd that thoy might be able to see over tho heads of those iu front. Others, intent on making a penny, peddled cushions to thoso in the first rank, enabling thom to sit upon tho kerbstones. As the crowd became more and more solid, and the mounted poiicenien found it impossible to keep the multitude to the side walks even by backiug their horses against the front ranks, Josie grew more and more impatient. " Eleanor will never be able to get across tho street," she exoluimod. "She ought to have started earlier. Tho side streets are blocked with carts, and tbere are 15 rows of people between the procession and those houses across tho way. See how those behind push forward and the policemen beat them back. The people in the middle are simply wedged fast. Oh. whore is Eleanor?" " Sho has probably discovered tho impossibility of reaching us, and has returned to the hotel," said Winter, as he arranged a tripod camera in the bay window. Ho inissod tho littio detective whioh ho had carried so long, and this, instru ment, au old one, needed what he denominated "considerable tinkering to bring it up to the modern requirements." " Why don't you use your other camera?" Josie asked; but she did not notice that her brother failed to reply, for at that instant a marshal galloped up the avenue, and the g&llant; 7th Regimout made way with alacrity, not caring tli&t; its punctilious exactitude of Hue was broken or that a parade was throwu into dis order which had hitherto proceeded like clock work, and whose marvellous prcoision was watched by the admiring eyes of thousands of fair women bending over the cornices and crowd ing tho windows and balconies. Personal vanity and M/3rtfdccor/;sweroalikeforgotten, for behind tho marshal, rushing like a knight of old to tlie succor of the helpless and the distressed, cume the ambulauce of one of our largo hospitals. There was no one in that vast crowd but felt a thrill of sympathy and pressed a little baok to make way as the liatless driver clanged his gong and lashed the horse that was already exert.ng his utmost speed. The surgeon on the step was coolly examining a little case of instruments and bottles, and exactly opposite the Winter's house strangers wero carrying to the front a young girl who had fainted in the press. Tho scene was an inspiring one as well as characteristic of the day, and Thomas Winter seized upon it with avidity. He focussed on the ambuluuoe just as the litter was lifted to its place, and the white face of the unconscious girl was clearly ail- houtted against the black mans of the crowd. He did not recognise tho face, however, until the next morning, when developing his negatives. Even then it was so tiny that he waB in doubt. To bo quito certain, he made a magic lantern slido from the negative and threw it, enlarged to lite size, upon tho wall of Iub room. There was no possibility of mistnkiug the profile ; it was that of the lady of the camera. All scruples as to the propriety ot inquiring for her vanished at once. He hurried to the Fifth Avenue Hotel and asked for Bliss Thomp son. "Whioh ono?" was the inevitable ques tion. "Tho ono who fainted yesterday whilo wit nessing tho parade." " You are a little mixed, I fear," was the icy reply. " Howover, I'll send up your card." Winter's card was returned by three Misses Thompson, with the reiterated st&toment; that they had not the pleasure of the gentleman's acquaintance. One olue remained. He knew the hospital served by the ambulance whioh he had photo graphed, and he presented himself at its door without delay. A surgeon here was more com municative. "Yesterday was a busy day for us," ho replied to Wiuter's inquiries, "but let me see. A young lady living at the Fifth Avenue Hotel was brought here by us about noon. You have the wrong name. It must havo been Miss Arkwright, who died of heart disease. You Btart — yes, we could do nothing for her. Life was extinct before she reached tho hospital." Thirf, then, was the end, Stunned and inex pressibly shocked, Winter returned to his home. .There wero merry voices in tho parlor, but he went directly to his owu room, and, sitting down with his head between his hands, tried to think. It was absurd to supposo that ho loved this girl, whom lie had seen but t hree times, and hadspoken to but onoo. And yet ho knew that here was a woman who bad influenced him more 'strongly than any he had ever kuown ; one whom, under other circumstances, ho might have loved. As he thought gravely and sadly of the irony of fate which had suffered him to know her so well in so short a time and then to lose her, Josie fluttered into tho room. ' "Why are you moping hero all tho morning, Tom?" she exclaimed. "The civic parado is nearly over, The lat floats aro tottering past. Do come and photograph them. Eleanor is here. She had the greatest adventure ycstord&y.; Started too late and couldn't get to us on account of the crowd. Couldn't got home cither, and fainted from exhaustion, the poor dear. Sho has read your Btory about the Magian's Tower and is dying to soe you. Says that by the most mysterious coinoidenco you have had the same ideas on tho subject that occurred to her when sho was in Spain. But you don't seem to hear a word I say. You act &s; if you had lost your last friend." "I havo, Josie," Winter replied Impressively. "Darken the room, and I will show you a lan tern elide that I havo made. You will under stand then why it is that I cannot go down to meet Bliss Thurston to-day. That is the face of the only woman that I could have loved, and I have just received tho news that she ib dead, Josie. Sho died yesterday in front of this houso before my very eyes and I did not know it." Josie, awod and sympathetic, threw her arm around her brother and watched the image come out upon the screen. Suddeuly she gave a little cry. "Why, Tom dc&r;, that is Eleanor, and Bhe isn't the least bit dead. Sbe only fainted, and recovered as soon as she felt the motion of the ambulance. Thoy did not even take her to the hospital." "Are you certain of this?" Winter aslced, a great light shining in his face. " Certain. Of course I am. Thero is no pos sibility of mistake. Come down stairs and judge for yourself. But, Tom, dear," sbe cried, check ing his impetuous start, " don't be too hopeful. I'm afraid you haven't the ghost of a chance. I taxed her with it, and I'm just about certain that she lovos that other fellow— the one who photographed her in Toledo."— The Century Magazine . 