English and Foreign News. A vnoua man was ,illed at Versailles by a rocket stick, while watching a display of fireworks from the stand. The deepest running stream that is known is the Niagara River, just under the Suspension Bridge, where it is 700ft deep by actual measuroemeni. It is expected that th. number of bodies cremated in Milan will soon average one a day, as nearly 2000 bodies have been cre mated there during the last 13 years. Lieutenant Marks, the Russian cyclist, reached Paris, October 5th, having accom plish d the distance from St. Petersburg, 2(100 miles, in 30 days. Charles Fischer, an Anarchist printer, and brother of Adolf Fischer, the notorious Anarchist and maker of poisoued daggers, who was hanged in Chicago for participa tion in the Hayeuark's massacre, committed suicide at Pittsburg by hanging himself with a silk scarf. The Russian Court officials are preparing a programme for a natina.l celebration of the silver wedding of the Czar, which occurs on November 1, 1891. It is a fact established upon the autho rity of travellers in different parts of the world that stammering is almost unknown among savage tribes' At Maidstone Police Court, George Edward Masters, and his brother, George Arthur Masters, mate and seaman of the lugger John and Charles, trading between Rotterdam and IMaidstone, were convicted of smuggling a large quantity of tobacco and cigars, the treble duty and value of which amounted to .0269. In default of paying this sum they were sentenced to six months' hard labour. The entire Catholic congregation of Mount Orfano, a village near Mergozzo, Largo Blaggiore, has become Lutheran; 120 persons made public confession to that faith on a recent Sunday in the old Catho. lic Church, but which will be used as a Lutheran place of worship. The old paris?h priest's salary had given rise to the schism, Dalziel says. A letter to the Nets York Hecrald says 1600 men are now at work on the Nicaragua Canal and railway, which latter has boen extended four miles inlnid. T'he hea th of the employees continues good. Lawn tennis English papers report, Is showing decidfd signs of decay. It is stated that arrenls of Armenian at Constantinople cantinue, and that sixty of the prisoners have already endured tortures for the purpose of extorting evidence from them favourable to the Turkish cause. Harry Archer, of MIanchester, a rwell known sporting character, was summoned on three charges of trespassing in pursuit of game at Lytham, where he is now stay ing. The defendant's procedure was novel. 1B drove about in a clab, and shot at the game out of the vehicle. He killed one hare. He was fined 40s, and costs. A mmn has been victimising Chester tradespeople. His plan has been to enter premises hurriedly without a hat, with a pen behind his ear, and ask for change for a sovereign to oblige a neighbouring trades. man. Upon receiving the money, and being asked for the sovert eign, he exclaims, ' Igave it to you, and saw you drop it into the till.' Keeping near the doar, the swindlor takes advantage of the assistant's back being turned to bolt. Pauperism has declhned in Eugland and Wales, and is declining in Ireland. In view of the failure of the potato crop, how. ever, the trouble is likely to increase in the latter country. A fearful crime was committed in Paris. A person named Beroicat, who states that he is on the venement newspaper, killed his mistress in the Eiffel Hotel, Rue Saint lonord, stabbing'her forty times with a knife. The motive of the crime is said to be jealousy. At Montichiaribatteries of artillery using smokeless powder kept up a fire for nalf an hour without their position being dis covered. A young man named Arthur Smith died at Kingston-on-Thames from injuries re. ceived while playing in a football match. The deceased was a member of the Cobham Football Club, which was plying against the Kingston Wanderers. He appears to hays received a kick or a blow from a knee. Although medical aid was soon procured, it was of no avail. A watchman named Loehr, who sits on the steeple of dt. Stephen's Church, at Vienna, became drowsy, and fell from his post. The steeple is very high, but, for tunately, Loehr's fall was broken by a pro jecting roofer's hook, from whlich he hung in mid-air, some 300ft above the ground. His nrecsrious position was observed from below, and fifteen minutes]afterwards he was rescued by firemea, with no more serious injuries than the fracture of several ribs and the fright. M. Marius Poulet, formerly one of the beat known of the French deputies, and always a very eccentric politician, has now been declared mad, and sent to a mad house. One of his favourite manceuvres;of late was to enter a cafe, and, having attracted a crowd, to divest himself of his coat and waiscoat, and offer to fight the best six men present. The Gaulois says the English Gorern ment has purchased a large building at Port Said, and is transferring it into a barracks and fortress, which will soon be occupied by British troops. This will give England possession of both ends of the Sues Canal. At Leeds, Thomas Sayers, a cabman, was committed for trial, charged Iwith stealing £165 in notes and gold from the person of Jerimah Sexton, a Cork cattle dealer. The. prosecutor, while passing through Leeds, had bho'i drugged at a pubcehouse, and robbed, it is alleged, by the prisoner and another man not yet approhended. Only the sum of 33s was fouyd upon the prisoner when arrested,ant it is said ha had been spending money freely. 'In the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost,' is often heard as a preface to a sermon. Is it also a general custom (asks the Record) to use it before all declarations from the pulpit ? In one London church on a recent Sunday this solemn preface was immediately fol. lowed by the words," We want a few more altoes and tenors for the choir.' , ~ ~ · .··· ,.. ,:. :.? . . ., :. 