THE QUARTERLY REVIEWS. Tho opening article in the Quarterly Bcview has for its themo Eton College, an institution which during the present year completes a con tinuous existcnco of four centuries and a half. No educational establishment in the world has prayeu sucu a conspicuous part in tue making of great men, and it is a trite saying that tho Battle of Waterloo was won in the playing fields of Eton College. The high renown of Eton, its situation under tho shadow of Windsor- Castle, its great revenues and stately buildings, and the long catalogue of eminent Etonians all conspire to create universal interest in the old school. Tho interesting article before us, therefore, will be acceptable alike to those who in boyhood days had tho privilege of singing Floreat Etonn and shouting for " the best of schools," and to tlioso whoso fate it was to " toil at games and play with books " in a semi nary less known to fame, but which no doubt per formed its work equally well, and is remembered with equal pride and affection by its own " old boys." The life of tiro Emperor Frederick forms tho subject of the second nrticlc, apropos of a volume of reminiscences published in Germany. The author of tho book in question is Gustav Freytag, a writer who is at once a poet, a his torian, a zealous patriot, and was himself an eye- witness of some of the great events which regenerated Germany under the house of Hohen- zollern. Freytag holds stanchly to the assertion that it was the Crown Prince Frederick who after leading the first united German army to victory, originated tiro idea of the German Empire, Bismarck's part being merely to assist in carrying the conception to a practical issue. At the same time Freytag, in his book, shows himself at every turn under the spell of tho Great Chancellor, and tho reminiscences are therefore distorted throughout by political pre judice, and marred by a blinded sense of justice both to the dead and to the living. The simple fact is that so fierce arc the party animosities, so bitter tho jealousies, so deep rooted tho pre judices of contemporary German politics that a fair and final judgment of the lifo work of the Emperor Frederick will not be written till an entirely new generation arises, and pronounces tho verdict. A writer, deeply read in modern Parisian literature, contributes a striking article on tho decadence of French fiction. The growth of realism is traced from Balzac down to Zola and his even more repul sive imitators. The present drift of French thought as expressed in its literature is characterised as "intellectual and moral suioidc." "Realism — Pessimism; Pessimism — Realism ; the pendulum swinging to and fro, always describing the same hopeless curve, in this literature of an exhausted race, tho lifo blood of which seems corrupted iu its veins." Students of Slrakspeare will find a very instruc tive study on tho great dramatist's, ghosts, witches and fairies, while those whose tastes inoline to ancient literature and history have provided for them an exhaustive article on the recent archaeological discoveries in tho Acro polis of Athens. In regard to tho latter contri bution, it may not be generally known that it is found impossible to take casts of many statues, for fear of destroying tho delicate remains of color which yet linger on hair aud oye3 and dress. Accordingly it is not easy without actually visiting Athons to appreciate the latest re searches into arohaio art. The next article deals with tho subject of modern penny fiction, such works as Spring-heeled Jack, or the Terror of London ; Sweeney Todd, the Demon Barber of Fleet-street ; Cheeky Charlie, or What a Boy Can Do ; The Family Herald and the Penny Library of Fiction, being subjected to tho ordeal of critical examina tion. The first mentioned production, wc ore told, is a talc of highwaymen, murderers, burglars, wicked noblemen, and lovely and per secuted damsels, whose physical charm3 and voluptuous embraces are dilated upon with ex ceeding unction. Tho second is a deleatablo story of a barber, under whoso shop is a oellar, into which his customers arc precipitated through a trap door, to bo robbed and murdered at leisure, tho corpses of tho victims being eventually made into meat pies by a fascinating woman who keeps a shop in Bell Yard, off Fleet-street. Cheeky Charlie is doscribed as a story of almost abject silliness, of an outcast boy, resoued from tho cruelties of the work house and the Guardians of tho Poor. These so called penny novels are simply types of foul and filthy trash circu lated by thousands aud tens of thousands week by week among lads in London and other large eitio3 at the most impressionablo period of their lives. Such hooka aro directly responsible for tho prevalence of juvenile crime, as the records of the polioo courts in London and elsewhero fl1timrlnnf.lv nrovo. Tho nennv romancer in snob papers as The Family Herald is, of courso, a very different olass of writer. His pro ductions are practically all identically tho same, and aro summed up in the words "poor stuff." Yet the appotito for this class of literature seems practically inex haustible, and it may certainly be said for tho stories that thoy are thoroughly blameless as regards morality and good feeling. Tho reviewer, however, appeals to got rid of both tho had and tho weak forms of ponny fiction, by tho publication of oheap editions of good work3. The audionco is gathered, tho demand oxists, it only awaits tho supply. Tho triumph of tho sixponny edition of Chnrlos ICingsley's healthy and vigorous Elizabethan story, Westward Ho! shows that tho courage and ontorpriso of publishers in this direction aro sure to meet with their reward. Articles on Sir Robert IValpole, the Products and Trado of Western China, Hypnotism and Twenty Years of Irish Home Rulo in New York completo tho number. In tho last named contribution the piaturo drawn of tho government of the com mercial capital of tho United States by its Irish citizens naturally prompts the question, How would Irish Homo Rulo succeed in Ireland.? Certainly tho frand, corruption, wholesale rob bery and wanton murder proved to bo rifo in New York do not augur well for any similar experiment in Dublin. In tho Edinburgh Bcview an article, entitled The Haddington Memorials, recapitulates from a recently published book on the samo Bubjeot the story of a distinguished Scotch family, extending over a period of 300 years. Tho facts are compiled from publio and private docu ments, which may bo considered as the safest guides to history, for they teach what those who lived in tiie times in which they were written thought and said, and hoped and feared, and are the more to be relied upon that they were not intended for any such purpose, but wore tho natural outcome of the daily life of the writers. Moreover, even in cases where the writers were conversant only with tho more eommehplaco vicissitudes of life those documents could not fail to interest as marking gradual changes of manners, habits, customs, of language, of speech, and of ortho graphy. The chief figure in the narrative, tho founder of the earldom, that crafty old states man, " Tam o' the Cowgate," as he was called by his master King James YI. of Scotland, is by itself a most striking portrait, and his intimate connection with public affairs during the momentous times of the union of the Crowns makes tho accurate record of his life an important contribution to history. The Journal of lifaric Bashkirlseff forms the subject of the second article. The unhappy young lady, since the posthumous publication of her diary, has become tho most talked about individual in Europe. Yet her journal is simply the photo graph of a clever, beautiful and admired girl's daily life, portraits of her family, , reflections on her studies and amusements, her day-dreams, her toilets, her liope3 and fears, loves, hates and aspirations, all tho hunger and thirst, and all the gratification, of her nature. The resulting story, her " brain's novel," as sho felicitously calls it, is startling and fascinating, and its pathos must move the hardest heart to sympathy. Nothing equalling this . unsparing self-analysis of character. has ever been confided to paper. The journal commences when Marie was but 12 years old, and tho precocity of the child is marvellous. It was carried on to her death in Paris at the age of 24. The publication of the journal in French and in English has been the latest literary sensation, both in Enropo and in America, and the book is sare soon to become the theme of conversation in Australia as well. An essay on Japan sums up the progress achieved by that wonderful country during the past 20 years. The untrarelled portion of the world iiavc but a hazy idea of the extent to which the Japanese have emaucipated themselves from the old Eastern civilisation. They are now in many respects as European as the Europeans, and tbey have adopted the "Western models of universities, schools, libraries and Parliaments ; have built railways, ships, dockyards and tele graphs ; havo taken to foreign intercourse in the most thorough going manner, and have trained the rising generation of young men as scholars, linguists and engineers. Even the girls aro experiencing tho ohange of rigimc. In the old days their sole object in life was to leain such accomplishments as might make tiiem attractive in the eyes of their husbands and useful in their house holds. To be ablo to perform skilfully on tho i guitar, to dance gracefully aud to sing melo diously were considered more essential attain ments than a knowledge of Confucian literature and tho art of composing essays. Now the order of things is cutircly changed, for we learn that Japanese damsels from tho ago of 6 are com pelled by law to attend school, and while "their moral sensibilities are fostered" havo to devote themselves to the study of "reading, mathematics, writing, composition, dictation, English, haudiwork, singing, gymnastics, his tory of Japan, natural history, physics, chemis try, drawing, sowing, etiquette, household management and music." When reading this formidable list it is impossible not to feel compassion for tho silken robed little maidens, whose light hearted joyousncss and powers of fascination are tho theme of admiration of every traveller. Up to recently wo have had biographical notiocs, but 110 full Life, of Lavoisier, the founder of thcrmo- clicmistry and the discoverer of tho true nature of respira tion and of tho essential function of oxygen in the animal economy, a central figure in tho great French revolution, and one of the victims of the fanatic and indiscriminating ltoign of Terror. The blank lias now been filled, and the pub lished work of thi3 great man's life nffords ample material for a most iuteresting article. Tho succeeding contribution deaU with tho Origin of Alphabets, and then follows ail account of Montohfestion, tho first French economist, who, having published his treatise so far baok as 1615, snatches from Adam Smith the claim of being the creator of " the dismal science." A paper ontitlcd Reliaious Persecution in Russia lays bare yet another form of Muscovite despotism, tho writer showing that religious liborty iu tho Czar's dominions Is a myth, and that the St. Peters burg Government, which claims to bo a Christian one, perseoutes millions of its sub jects in a way unheard of in any other couutry in the world. Bird lifo in Great Britain is next dealt with, and tho faots sot forth cannot fail to stimulate every reader to a fuller appreciation of tho charm and valuo of increasing their acquaintance with birds, most of them man's useful allies and delightful com panions. Charles, Princo of Ligne, forms tho subject of an interesting historical study. Tho individuality of the contral character is curious. His lifo lay between the years 1735 and 1814. By birth ho was a Belgian, a subject and soldier of Austria, a favorite of tlio Empress Maria Theresa and also of Catherino of Russia, a friend of Frederick II., the gieat enemy of his own adored mistress, tho most wolcomo of visiters at tho courts of Versailles and in tho salons of Paris, a man who was really astride upon two ccuturios, a truo cosmopolitan, typy- fyiug all nationalities and blending together tho aspeots of many courts and crowds. Tho His tory of the Soudan Campaign, which opened at Alexandria in 1832, as told by Colonel Colville, of the Grenadier Guards, is reviewed, and the Dumber is completed by ft survey of the work accomplished, or rather the projected work foiled, during tho recently closed session of tho Imperial Parliament. 