J THE LAUREL GROWN. I Is the sun yet cast out of heaven t In the song you cast out of men A short time ago there was some discussion in the English Magazines as to the probable successor to Lord Tennyson, our present Poet Laureate, whom Apollo preserve long to reign over us and though it might seem to some a lapse from good taste to anticipate the succession while the reigning king yet holds the crown and wields the sceptre, he would himself probably be the last to object to such a discussion, Quite truly he might say, with Landor I strove with none, for none were worth my strife; Nature I loved, and next to nature Art. I warmed both hands before the fire of life, It sinks and I am ready to depart. His age has already exceeded life's common term, and he is surely deeply concerned to know that the crown, bequeathed to him Groener from the brows Of him who uttered nothing base, should be transmitted to no unworthy successor. It is of the utmost importance that he who shall next take his seat upon the intellectual throne should be the worthiest. The History of the office of Poet Laureate is both interesting and peculiar, and as come of our readers may not be quite familiar with its details we wilijkriefly sketch it Among the ancients, as late as the Emperor Theodosius, the ceremony of crowning with a laurel wreath was actually performed, and even in modern times from so far back as the thirteenth century Abbs Rosnol conjectures that the custom was revived in Italy and Germany ; though in France and England it does not seem to have been at any time regularly established. From very early times, however, even as early as William the Conqueror, there appears to have been a somewhat similar post in existence Thus we find in the "Domesday Book" recorded among the landowners of England the name of a certain Berdio, who is described a. Joculoioi fears, " speculator" being the Latin form of the Norman "Jongleur." Again, in Henry VII's reign Buneru, or Roger the King's Minstrel is recorded to have founded the Monastery of St Bartholomew in Smithfield. _ Everyone knows the stories of Richard Coour-do-Lion and the Minstrel Blondel ; but the King is also known to have taken with him to Palestine a Minstrel known as William the Foreigner, for the sole purpose of celebrating the heroic deeds of his Lion-hearted master. Probably in a similar capacity we find Baston, a Carmelite friar, accompanying Edward IL upon his expedition into Scotland, and again, in the reign of the fourth Edward, the name of John Kaye is recorded as the King's " versification." This last name is by some critics considered to express a meaning similar to that implied in our present use of the title Poet Laureate, and they accordingly considered Kaye the first Laureate as we understand the term. What was the exact function of the earlier official lingers it is not now easy to determine, but they seem to have been held in considerable and respectful consideration. And it may be conjectured that they filled a position not unlike that described by Scott in the "Lay of the Last Minstrel," their duty being to sing Achievements high and circumstance of chivalry ; or perhaps Their legendary song would tell Of ancient deeds no long forgot, Of feuds whose memory was not, 01 forests now laid waste and bare, Of towers which harbour now the hare, Of manners long since changed and gone. It must not be forgotten that originally the title Post Laureate was used in two different senses, northerns which corresponds precisely to the modern. It seems to have originated some time about the fourteenth century, and was apparently at Ant applied, in England at least, to anyone who had taken a certain Degree at the University and from this fact probably the secondary meaning originated, according to which any especially excellent or favoured poet received the honorary title of Laureate Poor from his admirers. Of course those early days, and especially at the Universities, the sole qualification for obtaining the degree of Laureate Graduate was skill in imitating the language and versification of Virgil and Horace, And among the most noted of those who attained to this honour we find the name of John Skelton, who is regarded by some writers as the true founder of our poetic dynasty. He was very proud of his title, and takes care to head his Latin Poems with his style, viz., " Poola Skelton Laureatns," while he frequently informs his readers of the fact that A Ring to me the habit gave At Oxford the University. That this port was a person of consequence appears evident from the impunity with which he satirised, or as we would now, perhaps, say, libels the powerful Minister of Henry VIII,, Cardinal Wolsey, whose patience only gave way when the poet alluded to his " greasy genealogy." It may, however, be fairly doubted if this instance of the title really yet convoys our present meaning. It seems more likely that it is still merely an academic dignity or merely a complimentary addition, just as Chaucer, in one of the " Canterbury Tales," speaks of Petrarch as the " Laureate Poet," referring, doubtless, to the fact that the Italian Poet was really crowned with a laurel wreath in the Capitol, and the curious formula used at the coronation is still preserved. It runs as follows: 'We, Count and Senator for us and our College, declare Frauds Petrarch great Poet and Historian. And for a special mark for his quality as poet we have placed with our hand, on his head a Crown of Laurel, granting to him by the tender of these presents and by the authority of King Robert, of the Senate and the People of Rome, in the Post as well as in the Historic Art, and generally in whatsoever relates to the said Arts, as well in this Holy City a. elsewhere, our free and entire power of reading, disputing, and interpolating all ancient books, to make new ones, and compose poems which, God assisting, shall endure from age to age," Unfortunately most of Francis Petrarch's successors showed their inability to compose such poems quite as clearly a. some of our own. Mad Quemo -" Antichrist of Wit," as Pope calls him, Not with more glee, by hands Pontifie crowned, With scarlet hats wide waving circled round, Borne in her Capitol saw Querno art, Throned on seven hills, the Antichrist of wit the Laureate of Leo X., wrote thousand, of verses, but having composed, not under the influence of Apollo, but of Bacchus, the wits twisted among his. laurels, vine loaf and cabbage leaf, alluding doubtless to his valiantly as a trencher man in clearing the Pontiff's dishes and emptying his giblets. Even Chaucer himself and his friend Gower are spoken of by King James L of Boot land as a. Superlative as poet laureate In rhetoric and eloquence ornate ; but whether these writers can justly lay claim to the title is, as we have intimated, rather a matter of opinion than capable of proof. And, therefore, it is that it has become usual to begin the roll with the great name of Edmund Spenser, who in 1601 received a pension of " fifty pounds of unshipped monies and a butt of Canary wine, not to mention 8000 acres in Ireland worth fairly another £50, and another butt in seasonable and quiet years, from Gloriana, as be called Queen Elizabeth ; a sum which the poet found it extremely difficult to extort from the burly ministers of the fairy Queen. There is a very amusing dialogue in one of Landor's " Imaginary Conversations " between the Queen and Cecil, Lord Burleigh, with reference to supposed Rhyming Petition from the distressed poet to his Empress, to whom he did really probably address the well known " Lines on His Promised Pension," quoted by Fuller in the Worthies of England : I was promised on a time To have reason for my rhyme; From that time until this season I received nor rhyme nor reason. Though Sponsor in one of his sonnets distinctly refers to his bearing the laurel loaf: The laurel wreath which You this day do wear, Gives me great hope of your relenting mind, For since it is the badge that I do bear. Ye bearing it do seem to me inclined. The " you " in the first line, it is needless to say, is " the fair Elizabeth." We have no actual proofs of any Laureate receiving formal letters- patent on appointment to the office till we come to Ben Jonson, between whom and Spenser the name of Samuel Daniel is usually inserted. Upon Johnson's appointment the annual salary was fixed at a hundred marks (the mark being about two-thirds of a pound but on Ben's well-known Rhyming Petition to the ' Best of monarchs, masters, men. King Charles, this was raised to the same number of pounds sterling, and to it was added at the same time the annual gift of a tierce of Ben's favourite wine, Canary. The presentation of the butt of wine seems to have been discontinued by James the Second, though it must have been afterwards resumed, for we find it commuted for £27 a-year in the Laureateship of Pye. It certainly seems most satisfactory to) begin the line of our poor kings with Spanners! great name. And Hu very curious to note how the line rum on. Strange to say the first three turns are quite worthy of holding their eminent position, as are also the three latest, but the names of all their A intermediate, with the singular exception of -trade-, are so insignificant as to be known only to -Urary indents, and known to most even of these but as the echo of a name, or on account of some fact connected with their life of a more or less oUicredit able nature. After Spenser, Daniel and Ben Joy. son, who died in 1637, occurs an interregnum. Ho one seemingly hold the office during the disturbed period of the Great Civil War and the subsequent Protectorate. At the Restoration, Sir William Davenant Knight, chiefly notable for the facts of his claiming to be the son of Shakespeare, and pro- fessing a great reverence for his plays, which however he mutilated unmercifully in order to adapt them to the taste of the Court of the Merry Monarch, not a pure or high taste by any means be it remembered. His successor was Dryden, a potent name of which nothing need be said further. After him came his rival had well, appointed at the involution of 1088, and remembered as the hero of the first pure literary satire in the language Dryden's " Moollooloo." Next to him comes Tate, once universally known as the version of the Psalms in conjunction with Brady; but now living in the recollection of most people by a single voice, which has been handed down traditionally as a description of a morning call. It is the 6th verse of the 41st Psalm: Suppose they formal visits make, ' via all but empty show, They gather mischief in their hearts And vent it as they go. I Tato rejoiced in the rather peculiar Christian name of Nahum. The name of Howe is not quite so insignificant as some others. He is at least the creator of one notable character ; it is in his " Fair Penitent" that " the gallant gay Lothario" appears, who was long the proverbial type of the faithless lover, just as Don Juan has become so our own day. -Next come the name of Lawrence Rusden and Colley Cibber, concerning whom we need only refer our readers to the " Dunoiad," passim, Follow- ing Cibber appears the name of William Whitehead, of whom we really know nothing, except that it was only after the refusal of the Laureateship by Gray that he received the appointment He was succeeded by one of the Waltons Thomas, to wit-an eminently respectable literary man, who rendered good service to literature by hit able but unfinished History of English Poetry," which unfortunately comes to a termination, as the author is about to enter on the great period of the Elizabethan era. Now comes the last and perhaps the least of the inferior kinglets known to us, solely by being preserved in the lava of Byron's satire. Better to err with Pope, and shine with Pye, he says in his " Hints from Horace. And again in the " Vision of Judgment " the same poet represents the ghost of King George the Third as exclaiming on hearing Southey's recitation of hit " Vision," What ! what ! Pye come again ? No more, no more of that. Of the succeeding issue of Southey, Wordsworth, and Tennyson we need say nothing beyond noting that upon the death of Wordsworth in 1850 a leading English review advocated the appointment of Mrs Browning to the vacant poetic throng. Of course the office of Laureate is now purely an honorary one, as it should always have been never theless, in no very remote times it was far from it, an ode being expected on the King's Birthday and many other important and unimportant Royal occasions, This is referred to by Cowper in his " falle Talk," where, speaking of the Laureate he refers to His quit-rent one ; his peppercorn of praise. And even as late as Southey the Laureate's con science appeared to become uneasy if he did not at least occasionally, indulge in an ultra loyal office, which seldom turned out a very successful poem. When Sir Hobart Peel, however, in 1843, wrote to Wordsworth, then at the age of 74, urging him notwithstanding to accept the poetic crown, has assured the poet that henceforth the position would be a sinecure, excepting so far as he chose, and such it has since remained, nominally ; although it is hard to suppose that Tennyson's national effu- sions, which are quite unworthy to stand beside his great proms the ode on the death of the great duke over being a doubtful success would ever have been written did he not feel that his office practically imposed upon him the duty. In the recent discussions upon the subject of the Laureate's successor the choice seems to lie between Swinburne and Lewis Morris. And although we by no means wish to go out of our way to originate abuse of a week or even a bad poet, we cannot past over the latter name without quoting the opinion of a well known critic in reference to him. Stedman, in his "Victoria's Poets,'' writes as follows :-" In every generation there is some maker of books who, without being a great writer, figures as such in his own and other minds. His thorough belief in his function and his hold Upon a faithful constituency are things which men of better parts may not envy him, yet and beyond their reach." Lewis Morris, with his "Epic of Hades," "Gwen," "Songs of Two Worlds," and other works of many editions, seems to be a writer whose fluent veno satisfies the popular need for rhythmical diet. Certain observances usually are noted in poetry of this kind, Its author ' handles a pretentious theme, and at much length, thus giving his effort an air of importance. He falls into the manner of the popular models, and with great facility. He has a story to tell, us all csBeB trite enough to an export, but more in prsBBive to the multitude than the expert suspects. Finally, he has zeal and measureless Industry, and takes himself more seriously than if he were a sensitive and less robust personage. It would be wrong to say that Mr. Morris's verse is not better than that of Pol took Tupper, and Bickersteth. But he bears to this, the most refined of periods, very nearly the same relation which they bore respectively to their own. The "Epic of Hades" is written in diluted Tennysonian verse; its merit lies in simplicity and an avoidance of affectation. It is, however, only a metrical restatement of the Greek mythology according to Lempriere, and without that in aged transmutation which alone justifies a re smelting of the antique." The writer in the Fortnightly Review holds similar opinions : " A probable aspirant," he says, " is Mr. Lewis Morris, He is a public favourite beyond contradic- tion. When Mr. Lewis Morris not imitating his form is either merely trivial, or else-as in his home last " Song of Empire thoroughly bad. His view of things in general is precisely that which is dear to the half-educated middle classes, a facile optimism garnished with cheap philosophical phrases, and using the most awful names and ideas of religion and the counters of sentimental plati- tude. His principle consists in repudiating the whole history of English poetry times Byron, and his practice in imitating Byron, by no means to the exclusion of his faults, with considerable facility and creditable fidelity." After all this, one almost feels inclined totxolaia with King George What! what I Pye come again ? No more, bo Mare of that for though we do not personally go so far as to say that his " faint Tennysonian echoes " are " nothing worth," we must admit that they are probably not worth much to one who is not to a large dog re. ignorant of classical mythology and of Tennyson. Concerning Swinburne, on the other hand, the review writer declares it must be " Aut Swinburne and ratings," and, excusing himself from the possible accusation of a desire to anticipate Lord Tennyson's decease, points out that the Laureate's last poems were of the nature of a solemn farewell, and also that if the laureate ship were injudiciously disposed it might weaken one of the golden cords by which the English world is bound together. Tea or twelve years ago he says he would have named William Morris, but the post has turned preacher is of socialistic homilies, and is a sad example of the fact that the poet who descends to preaching is lost to his art ; besides, he would probably refuse the dignity even if it were offered to him. So that Swinburne only remains. And though it is true that he was a fiery Republican in his hot youth, he is now, as his recent poems show, a rigorous Unionist, and accepts the English monarchy. Also, their faults of his early works which induced Robert Buchanan to denounce him as belonging to the " fleshly school of poetry," have long bean weeded out of his verse. Indeed, though in his robust defence of the " Ballads and Poems " he declares that his works were not written for the nursery he has addressed not a little of his lsUr vena to children and babies; while it can scarcely be dies puted that his completed tragedy-a trilogy of " Mary Stewart," consisting of a chastened," " BothwelL" and 5. Mary Stewart " is the greatest of modern English dramas. This great writer that, indeed, of late years shown a just appreciation of the nobility and duty of the poet's function, and would make a worthy leader of the English intellectual aristocracy. 