The Advertiser WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 10, 1890. A PITIFUL appeal has been made to Par-<*> liament on behalf of the Government to help them out of their difficulties, and avert the impending disgrace of a barren session. One cannot help contrasting the excuses Invented for the present Ministry, and the dtuiaud that they ehonid receive from both Houses the utmost possible con sideration, with the very different treat ment accorded to the late Government towards the dose of the aesslon last year. Obstruction was then viewed with a leniency which could not easily be from ap proval, and every Ministerial defeat, whether the remit of this or other causes, was the subject of savage exultation. We hear nothing now of thatabeenoe of control over Parliament which, being held re* eponsible for the various legislative failures of the session, used to be given as an entirely sufficient reason for ejecting the Government from office. The Oockbum Ministry were criminal; the present Go vernment, with an Infinitely worse record, are merely unfortunate. To the credit cf the House, be It aald, members on ail dues are endeavoring to nuke the best of a highly nnsatlsfactory situation. The time has already arrived when the session, In the ordinary course, should terminate, but the Government could not go Into recces just yet even If they wished to do bo, and for very shame they must make an effort, however hope less as it may appear, to carry acme of their more Important measures. To-day the House will be Invited to agree to un precedented arrangements for pushing for ward public business. Members will probably consent to any sacrifice of their personal convenience In reason, and as the Government have no factious opposition to contend with a good deal of work may be done la the next nine or ten days. It Is unlikely, however, that the Council will undertake to rail road one Bill after another through their various stapes jut to please the Go vernment, -bo that even with the prospect of phenomenal activity In the House Ministers cannot expect to save very much ont of the wreck of their policy this year, Yesterday the " massacre of the lono cento" commenced. The Licensed Vie. toallers BUI, which since its Introduction has been ryctematlcally withheld from consideration, Is to drop off the notice psptr altogether. Doubtless the At tomey • General Is relieved at the withdrawal from the Ministerial policy, for the time being at any rate, of the "contemptible" question of looal option. If there are any members of the temperance puty who ever cb.erlab.ed a belief that the Government Intended to do something In tbe matter, their disap pointment will be mitigated by the faot that, after all, the Bill Is far from satis factory, and, In come respects, would only add to the Imperfections of the licensing law which It was ostensibly designed to reform. The public works policy has been denuded of the BUI for the Birth ■nd Gladstone railway, one of the lines which the Premier eatd last cession would never pay, and the Tenants' j Improvements Bill has aleo been com mitted to the wastepsper basket. There these measures will keep com pany with the shin Education BUI and the ghost of the taxation schema, If the latter can be said to have any local habitation, bat the basket has yet to receive additions that before the session closes will probably fill it to the brim. The outlook as regards the land legisla tion of the session Is exceedingly gloomy. As we pointed out last week, the House has excised most of the Council's radical amendments In the Northern Territory Land Bill, while the Council la retaliating by making amendments which embody principles rejected by the other Chamber in the Land Bill applicable to South Australia proper. Last session the Northern Territory Bill came to grief because the Assembly refused to pus a claoee giving the tight of surrender to pastoral lessees under the etinHng Act. The same stand Is taken this session, and for this reason among others the BUI Is In serious jeopardy. The other measure Is being hacked about unmercifully In the Council. Yesterday hon. gentlemen took the action we expected they would take to alter the system of revaluations of pastoral rents proposed by the Government. Under the BUI future leases In Glass ILL are to hare a currency of 42 years, divided Into three periods of 14 years each. There may be a revaluation at the end of each cement period, the rent to be fixed by the Surveyor-General subject to a right of appeal to the Com missioner of Grown Lands. The BUI as received from the Assembly provided that in case of appeal the Commissioner's decision should be final. Virtually these provisions reduced the tenure from 55 yean (as at present) to 14, because the leasee had either to accept the rent aa fixed by the Grown Lands Department or throw np his lease and lose all his Im provements. The Council has refused to pace clauses which would render the pastoral land law much less liberal than it Is at present. Yesterday Mr. Baker curled an amendment providing that if a lessee Is dissatisfied with the Com missioner's decision on an appeal from the SuiveyorGeneral he may have the matter referred to arbitration. In the first Instance Mr. Baker proposed to give a g«ti«TsJ rfghtfrn^yim «.rMtf*ii(\n whenever then b any dispute v to the terms of the leaae between the knee and the Commis sioner. We pointed out last week th?t this at any rate was going too fas, and the BCOpe Of the fftnynflmimt WM jadlclOU?ly abridged. If there Is to be no payment for Improvements It Is certainly unfair that the lessee should be placed entirely at the mercy of the Commissioner aa regards the periodical revision of his rent. The principle of fixing rents by a resort to arbitration Is, however, a complete novelty, and though Mr. Copley accepted the clause with the modification re ferred to It Is exceedingly doubtful whether the Assembly will endorse such a radical departure. The clauses al lowing of the surrender of existing leases other than those In Class L were unsuc cessfully attacked by Me. Addlaon, They provide that a lessee now entitled to pay ment for improvement may surrender and obtain anew lease for a term not ex ceeding 42 years on relinquishing all claim to payment. The Surveyor-General la to fix the term and rent for the new lease, subject to the Oommlsaioner*a ap proval, sad of course It is optional with the lessee whether he accepts the conditions or not. Sir. Copley de clared that tills was the only really useful part of the BUI ao fir v pastoral leases are concerned. Sir. Scott intimated that the pastoral lessees in the Council bad Informed the Govern ment that they would not object to the proposals. It was not to be expected that they would object. Under these clauses the squatters may have something to gain, but they cannot possibly lose. If they abandon their tight to payment for im. prcvementa they will certainly not do so without receiving at least an equivalent. The point on which Mr. Addlson, B*. Msguey.and others wanted satisfaction was the simple one—Where do the Go vernment come In ? Will they not always get the wont of it ? The reply of the Commissioner was not completely re* assuring. An obvious objection to this part of the Bill is the enormous power It gives to the political head of the Land Department. With him ultimately belongs the power to make bargains with the lessees. Bearing in mind the fact that the pastoral Interest Is strongly represented in the Legislature it Is rarely undesirable that the Commis sioner should be invested with suoh a dangerous responsibility. However honestly It may be exercised, it may be found impossible to exclude suspicions |or suggestions of nndue favor or jobbery. It is to be regretted that, the Assembly re jected the provision for a pastoral board, as only to such a body Is It wise to en trust large powers of this description. An amendment was made by the Council which renders the surrender clauses even more objectionable. Under the BUI aa It stood originally a lessee desiring bo sur render had to give notice within two years from the coming Into operation of tbe Act. To this provision was added the words "or at any time not later than two Sears before the expiration of h!s lease." This means that the Government are to be kept In a state of uncertainty for an Indefinite period as to the amount they will have to pay for improvements, or whether there will be any payment at all. The advantage to the lessee Is of course that he can choose his own time to decide whether he will take an extension of tenure In lieu of payment. As the Com missioner pointed out, he will be guided by the price of wool, the state of the seasons, and other clrcumaUnaas. Two years Is an ample period to give to psttotal tenants In which to make up their minds, and to allow the prospective liabilities of the Government to be ancer faired. Fortunately a proposal to ex pnoge tbe clause providing that the rent [ for a new lease shall not be less than that previously payable by the Barrendertng leecee wu negatived by the outing vote of the President If this had been circled It would be impowlble to pot any llodt on the lobb of revenne which might be caused by a weak admtnietr«tlon. The cxcMon of Part lIL of the BUI, relating to agrlcDltnial eelectlon before sarrey, was the last of the Important performtnesa of the Council yesterday. The.atgument? which had been osed by the Commissioner of Crown Land? and his representative la the Lower House, the Premier, were ttlkd upon as justification fot the etep taken by hon. gentlemen. If the inoldent conveys any moral at all Id la the un wisdom of entrusting the execution of any particular policy to people who do not believe in It. Under each drcutn stances It has the worat possible of chances. Aa the result of the aerere handling the Bill has received from the Council the prospect that It will be added to the Statute-book this session 1b waning rapidly. There Is already abundance of materials for fighting be tween the two Houses. The question* la dispute with regard to the Manlolpal Cor porations and Chinese Immigration Bills areatUl unsettled. The Federal Cjuncll BUI as altered by the Upper Chamber has been restored to Its original shape, and here again a bone of contention Is pro vided. The last week or two of the session may not be fertile in useful results, bat probably there will be no reason to com plain of want of liveliness in the debates. His Excellency the Eirl of Kiatore leave* Governicent House, Adelaide, for Blarble Hill to-day. Be will be accompanied by Mr. and lady Constance Combe, Captain Anstruther Thomson (A.D.O), Mr. Colin Qampball (pri vate tecretarj}, and Mi. Manuel. The Commissioner of Grown Lauds an nounced in the Upper Home on Tuesday that it would probably be neoessary for members to meet on Friday next. A meainre amending the Public Charities Art m introdaoad, and the Council then resumed the diaeauion of the Land Bill. The olames relating to pastoral leases were considerably altered, and the put relating to selection before survey wm ex pueged en a division by a majority of one vote. Measages from the Home of Assembly relative to the Northern Territory Land BUI and. the Federal Council Bill were ordered to be considered on Thursday. Shortly after the Awembly met yesterday afternoon the Premier intimated that it was not intended to proofed with the Biyth to Gladstone Bailway. Tenants Improvements, and liicenaed Victuallers Bills this teuton; bat the first and last mentioned would be dealt with next year. Early thii morning the two former were read and discharged, Tie Northern Territory Grown lianda Bill was farther considered in committee, and after a few amendments had been made was curried throngh its remaining stages. Toe Eecond reading of the Safety of Defences Bilfwat carried, and the House nnaUy disposed of the measure. Members were almost unanimous is agreeing to continue the conaec&n; of the colony with the Fddaral Oonnoil for another year, and the second retding ofthe?aiwaeadoptedwithostadiviaio^bnt is committee the Oonucil's amendments were, on the motion of the Chief Secretary, struck ont ( The ataading-orders ware suspended, and the third reading was paused. A good deal of opposition wbb shown to the Bill authorising the Railway Commiisinners to dose a road in the Dry Creek station yard, tad the debate on the second reading was adjourned for ? week to enable the local district council to be eom | mnnioated with. Mr. Handyside strongly opposed the oonstraotioa of the Queensland ; Border railway, and the discuuion on the seoond reading was farther adjourned. Toe Commissioner of Pnblio Works in a lengthy speech moved the second reading of the Happy Valley Waterworks Sohema. He gave a sketch of the history of the Adelaide water supply, and pointed oat that the presant reservoirs were rendered insufficient by the ex tension of the deep drainage system, He re viewed the various proposals for increasing the ' supply, ana maintained that the Happy 1 Valley scheme was the best, ai by I it an ample service was assured, at j orach lets cost than would be involved in i canning out any other work which would ; meet all the requirements of the ease. Sir .< John Downer strongly opposed the msarnre, i and moved an amendment, referring the : Barossa, Happy Valley, and MUlbrook eohemes \ to a Boyal Commission, and after Me, Bar- ! goyne bad also opposed the Bill, the debate was adjourned until to day. The motion to go into Committee of Supply to tfeal witt the JUstimates last night afforded j members an opportunity of ventilating various ' grievances. First, Mr, Giles complained of ! the delay in supplying farmers in the north- i eastern hundreds with wire netting under the provisions of the Vermin Proof Fencing Aot to enable them to cope with Hie rabbits, which ' he asserted were destroying the crops in {that part of the colony, Mr. Ash took excep tion to the delay in patting refrigerating cars on the south-eastern line, and pointed out that the compartments or iceohests now attached to the trains were quite useless for : carrying fish to the Adelaide market. He aim asked the Treasurer to try and arrange so that the allottees of land mar Meningie should be allowed to pay for the improvements on the holdings they took np at the rate of 6 pv cent, per annum. Mr. Grainger wazei in dignant at the manner in which local n?nu- ; f aotorers wen treated in respect to the osliing for tenders for the construction of loaomotivea ' which last July the KaQway OommissioneH bad stated they must have at onse, and there fore must obtain from England. Heexpresaed the opinion that the specifications were not yet prepared, and said there was a feel ing abroad that it was intends! to try and ignore local manufacturers* and that the Commissioner of Pnblio Works—a recent con vert to protectionism—was encouraging thii course of action. He also urged the Treasurer to let members know the financial position oT the country. Tne Ministers affected having spokeDi the Houce eventually went info com- I mtttee tnd dealt with the Commissioner of Publio Works Department. Considerable dis. outsion ensued on the railway lines, but the items wf re passed without any material altera tion. The Minuter of Education's Depart ment was passed practically without comment, and the postponed line of defences was agreed [ to. The Absorption of Suitors' Fund Bill was reed a first time, and the second reading fired tor to-day. The Honse at a quarter past 1 ad journed until this afternoon at 2 o'oolook. Next Wednesday the Hon. A. Oatt will a*k the House of Assembly to affirm that the Pjrt Pirie Harbor should be deepened 3 ft, 6 in. I A return was laid before the Assembly on Taesday suing these particulars eoncsming the Beetaloo, Faskevule, and Baronga reser voirs:—The cost of the Beetaloo reservoir has been £122,732, of the temporary works £10.785, and of the plant £14,018; total, £147.635. Tne cost of engineering, surveying, and supervising the whole of the Beetaloo works to date has been £20.866. The cost of the Patkeville re servoir has been £3,761 18*. 9d,, and of tbe Barunga reservoir £6,879195. lid. The aggre gate amount of the tenders accepted by tbe Government for carting pipes and laying mains was about £36,600, Including £2,470. cost ol carting and laying pipes to hun dreds of Woknma and Ninnes; £1,058 for : reticulating the town of Mooutaj £1,721 for carting and laying pipes to hundred of W?a- ; dearah J £3.582 for similar work in hundred* of ' Tickera, Wallaroo, and Eadina; £2,311 for carting and laying pipes and eonrtrneting scr- j vice; reservoir at Gladstone ; £1,205 for cartioi? , and laying pipes to tbe hundreds of Maadnora I and Woknrna; £1.822 for excavating treuohs* j hundreds of Wokurna, Tickera. and Wallaroo, j £1,926 for carting pipes from Port Broughton { to pipe track; and £1,116 for cwritge of pipas ■ horn Crystal Brook to pipe tracks. la no cue I have tbe Government let any workinoonnas- I tien with Beetaloo without calling for tender*. ! The Treasurer laid on the table of the House ! of Assembly on Taee&ay; a copy of the ptosla- ! cation reducing the term ot quarantine to cattle imported from Great Britain. The new regulation provides that cattle «honld be de tained for a not greater period than 60 days, The Commissioner of Taxes (Mr. J. G. Russell. S.M) submitted to the House of Assembly on Tuesday a return showing that the cum of £77.609 7s. 6dL would be the amonnt receivable tinder a land tax of Id. in tbe pound with exemption of all holdings to the value of £1.000. Arrangements have been made far the Federal Council to meet in Hobart on January 10\. This meeting is held in aoeordance with the constitution of the Council, whioh requires it to MsemWe at toast once in two years. The Premier has received a communication from Me Oswald Brown giving the Masons why he recommends the Happy Valley water scheme. The Commissioner of Pablie Works (Hon. W. B. BonnseveU). in moving the second reading of the Happy Valley Waterworks Bill in the House of Assembly yesterday afternoon, referred tothe ooyrirnnnioatiow. One «! the most preteing wants of the pro vincial produoen is a.method of conveying perishable goods to the centres ot population j cheaply, safely, and expeditiouely. In order to meet this demand a deal of attention faai of late been turned to experiments in the direc tion of "oold storage "or refrigaratUig cham bers for nic on tbe railways. There arrived in { Adelaide at 7.46 p,m. on Tuesday, attached to tbe {roods train from Servioeton, a car fitted with Taylor's patent refrigerator, whioh was in charge of Mr. Thos Hamble, one of the pro prietors ot the Volean Foundry, Geelong. Toe inventor (Mr. E. Taylor) arrived per express on the earns morning, and will open the chamber in the presence of tbe BtQway Commissionen at the North terrace station at 10.30 a.m. to day. Attar this official examination a general inspec tion is invited by those interested in the traffio in whioh this appliance will be utilised. Toe whole apparatus may be said to consist of an ordinary covered truck, such as is to be seen any day on tbe intercolonial lines. It is painted white, and has an interior lining, of aasr duct on top, bottom, and both sides, some inches in tbicknesa. The interior is divided into two compartment;, one to be nsed as a place for tbe general storage of perishable goods, and the other for the bestowal ot the "cold aeouoaulaton." Toese are 4 ft. 6 in. by 9 in. square, and consist of a number of portable iron vessels emtainiog a freezing mixture, which melts at a temperature of about 20 deg. Fahrenheit below that of ordinary ice. By these means the interior of tbe car is made much colder than when ordinary, ice is employed and afmaoh better atmosphere is maintained, tbe air being drier and better adapted to the preservation of fresh meat, &a;, in its natural state, and m there is no communication betsreen the interior of the car w4 the outside atmosphere no foreign matter can enter the ear as oooun with most of those nsed in America. The atmosphere formed by this method is precisely similar to that in stationary cooling roomi. Tie portable iron vessels nsed for containing the cold power are called accumulators, wbichi when once fiUtd with the Irwnng?ttiihjre, are oloied tight, the contents requiring no renewing for a eon" ■idenble period. When repaired for use they are placed in tbe freezing tonka oonneoted with the refrigerating machine, anl« when solidified, are transferred to tbe box in ths railway car, and wbsn their cooling powar is exhausted are hauled oat and replaced in the freezing tanks to be resolidified, and again placed in the oar wben required. This is nuuh simpler than handling ordinary foe, and works with more regularity at a less cost. In Airffiftft T>**nTal ice is much nsed tor this pur pose, but it is not obtainable in Australia, The refrigerating machiof for charging the "accumulators" are supplied and erected by rttqi came snaken. being suited to this country where in many places the cooling water is ecarceandof an high temperature. Itisinte testing to know that tbe general storage chamber may be entered at different stations along a line, and its " stock" added to, or otherwise, ts may fcb convenient, without to any appreciable extent affecting the tem perature, This was as fellows during the period in which tbe 60 caresses entrained have been 'in the ow:—Oa Deoember 5 tbe temperature at Geelong was 85 degree! outside and 43 inside the ear: on leaving BaHarat it was 120 degrees ooteide and 40 inside; on arriving at Sarviceton i tte thermometer showed ISO degrees in the tun and 84 in the car] on Sunday in , Servioeton 110 degress outside and 82 degrees I inside; on Monday at Sarvioeton 116 degrees ! outside and S3 inside; and on the journey ' to Adelaide just after paning out ol tbe : desert tbe temperature outride was 86 degrees : in the shade and S3 inside the car. Toe : mutton was examined at Mount Lifty and I found to be in good condition. By means of a ' sawdust-lined wall dividing the two chain. ben and regulating applianoes the temperature ■ of the general storeroom can be lowered or raised with the utmost faeOily. I On Friday last a'van fittedJwith two re i frigerating rtmmbpn, recently constructed to ; tbe order of the Bailway Oommisaouen, re ! turned from a run to Mount Gambier and the south-eastern districts. The oompirt . ntents bold from IS cwt, to 20 cwt. of produce, the quantity of course depending ' npon the manner in which the stuff is packed. . The trial lot of 3 owt old ol butter arrived in first-class condition, despite the hot weather experienced a few days ago, thus affording ■ ample proof of the practical utility ot this scons of conveyance, Tbe van will in future leave tbe Mount for Adelaide every Taesday and Friday, nil cooling appliances being, we understand, provided by tbe department. Tais will enable producers in that district to fiala new outlet tor their perishable goods; ' On relinquifhing command of the South Australian Militia Brigadier-Genaral Oaren 1 was at onoe employed in an important post by tbe Imperial authorities. Oa fail recent transfer to other work a district order ww issued over the signature of Major-General Sir?edvers Bailer, V.0., Adjutant-General, ; and dated from the headquarters of the southern district, Portsmouth, November 1. From that order these paragraphs are taken;:— The major general commanding has mush pleasure in making known to all conoerned the following remarks by his Boyal Highness the Commander-in- chief on the report recently submitted to hia Royal Highness on the mobili- I cation of the Needles sub-section ot the Ports month dtfenO? ceheme:—l am to expreu to yon tbe sense of bis Biyal Higbnesi's very preat satisfaction at the manner in which the necessary arrangements were made for the tcobilsation and were aubn quently carried out by Colonel Oven and bis Militants under tbe orders of General the j Hon. Sir L, Smyth, lately commanding the southern district, and his Royal Htghnes) denmtint bis gratification may be conveyed to all concerned to whom mush credit ii due, tut especially to Colonel Oven, whose zial ?nd untiring energy as Commandant of the Needles sab section during the mobiluatiin yon bave brought so prominently to notioe. The committee of the Chamber ot M«nu 'fcOturei met in tbe eastern annexe. Exhibition Buildings, on Monday, Deoember 8, wben Mr. J. 3. Green, president of the chamber, ocsu pied the chair, and there was a good attendance of members. It was decided, on the motion of Mr. A, Adameon, to forward a letter of thanks to Mr. J. Purser for bis instructive lecture on "Fnit Cultivation," delivered nader the auspices of the chamber. Mr. Adamson called attention to the extensive use of water g&s; id several towns of America for lighting and hcetieg pnrpoeef* and it was re rolved to obtain full information on tte subject. A report was recdved fram the industrial cub committee containing rules and rfgnlatJoCE for the guidance of exhibitor?! and stating tbat £76 had been received for epemal prize*. It wae decided to Call for competitive designs (or a certificate of merit for the exhibi tion, to be Ulnrtrative ot tbe industries and rcaDuftotnres of the colony. Applications for loan of exhibits were received from the com mittees of tbe MiUioent Industrial Exhibition and of tbe Ballarat Juvenile Industrial Er hibiUon, but owing to the limited number cf available exhibits in the museum the appli cations could not be granted. Tbe Adelaide Benevolent and Strangers' Friend .Society metjn the Church O&iaa;, Taes day, December S, tbe Hon. John Oolton baiog {ate chair, wbOe then were aba present-- UMtM J. O. Nomine, P. Bain, 3. Evans, J. Whitney, M. Brandon, Messrs. H. Kelly, MiH. Madge, D.Garliek, W. Barlord, It. P. Lawrence, G. O. Rnight, the Ear. O. H. Goldsmith, and the Meretur (Mr. A. Fano?) The month!/ report •bowed:—New applioa* lion for relief, 7; reapplications, 65; ftppHaa. tioni for meals and bed, 9; ?ppliMtioni tothe committee, 1; declined, 6; toUl relieved. 66, tncgesting a attutactory decrease is the amount of distress in the citj. Amongst the chief reasons Miigned for applying for fttrir tance are sickness, age, and infirmity. The balance-sheet (bowed the iocome to be £30lb*. Gd. and the expenditure £27 U?. 44, "n^ society haa during, the month received • Ice?cf. left by the Ute Ecmamiu Paull, f Moonta, £27 nett, The report and bilanea beet were adopted. Mr. H. Kelly, who aoted v delegate for the sooiety at the Cuadty Oon ferenoehddin Melbourne bit month,submitted an interesting report which indioated to* Tarious modes of distributing ohuity in the colonies represented. He stated that theoeeu traliied system adopted in S rath Australia for the relief of the poor v infinitely superior to the methods obtaining in the other colonies, and that in the matter of oharity organisation and ontdoor relief generally Sjath Australia hai nothing to learn from Victoria, but, on the contrary, can teach much. The committee tendered their thanks to Mr. Kelly for the trouble he had taken in preparing the report. Mi. J. H. Lewis, aenz., died from aenOa decay at Adelaide, on Saturday, Deeamber 6, aged 74 year* The deceased gentleman came to this colony by the ship Kangaroo, in 1851, and tot the fint two yean wm engaged in the Government Printing Office, then located where the Sapreme Court now stands. Bef an coming to this colony Mr. liewU tv for many yean in the office of Messrs. Bradbury and Evans, printers and publishers, of London, daring wfaiob time he invented an improved method for embossing or relief printing, and disposed of bis patent sights to that firm, la 1866 he started in bntinesa in this city m a general printer, and from his press appeared the first monthly railway tune-tables for toe B.A, railway. Mr. liewis was an enthariwt in bis trade, and strove to keep abreast of the improvemento of bis calling. One piece of composition of his—Mt np at nighttime as a labor of love—was a letterpress map of the city of Adelaide, which mi pronounced by ths liondon technical press at an exceptionally fine specimen of typography. To Mr, Lewis belonged the credit ot importing the first printing machine for strictly jobbing work in thU colony. For nearly SO yean he carried on business in Adelaide, doing a good deal of com menial printing, and was once poUisber of the PriUsUml Advocate-* weeUy newspaper of a religions tone, wfaiob at one time became in volved in a libel action, resulting in Me. Lewis being fined £60. The case caused considerable public feeling, tbe upshot being that a petition, signed by over 4000 oolonistt, was presented to Sir James Fergueson, then Governor* praying (or mitigation, la 1879 Mr. Lewis cold his badness and vent to England, intending to re main there, bnt the rigor of the climate proved too much for him alter so many yean' absence^ and be returned to Adelaide, where he has remained ever since. Be leaves four sons and one grandson to follow him in the ait preservative; also tws daughter* (grown np), and 16 other grand children. Mr. Lewis was for many yean as active member of the United Tradesmen** Lodge of Freemasons, then held in White* Booms, King William street. His fanenl took place on Monday afternoon, December S, his remains being interred in the West terrace Cemetery. Our dramatic representative has received a letter from Me. Otto Fiaoher, the first holder of tbe Elder Scholarship in music, dated Wies baden, November IS, in which the writer states that he has met with enormous cnoceases on the Continent, resulting in his acceptance of a "three yean* engagement at £2,000, with three months' holiday yewly, as heroic tenor at the Opera House, Wiesbaden.*' His parts at present are " Max," "Lohengrin," and " Tannhanser.? and the German press hare pronounced him to be "the future follower of the great tfeunann," ao that he win not return to Australia a* announced by him in* previous letter. Mr. Fischer epeaki very highly of Mr M«r«h?n Sail, the untioun and oonpossr, whose services have been eeonred for the chair of musio in Melbourne. The new idea of the " Picture Plebiscite" is attracting keen interest among tbe visitors to the British Art Gallery. The knowledge that the gallery is to close in anotber 10 days attracted cple&did; attendances on Monday and Tuesday, and tbe sale of art union tiokets has gone on ao briskly that only S6O (or £65 worth) now remain. At the present rate these trill all be disposed of in anotber two days, and the drawing will take place on Monday afternoon in tbe gallery. Shortly' before the arrival of the 5.9 p.m. from Adelaide at the Bowden caflmy-statuM on Sunday, Mr. W. Partington, hearing the cries of children at the bask of his residence, Bmmpton Park, looked out and aaw two I DUDRiten on the Port nil way, one having his foot firmly fixed near the tails and unable to extricate himself. Mr. Partington with aoma difficulty relieved the little fellow from his awkward position a few minutes before the train passed by. Mr. T. Maguey has presented to the Hind marsh Volunteer lire Brigade one of Shaul, Mason, & Oo.'« manual fire engines, which is capable ot throwing a etream of water 80 ft, high. Tbe members of the brigade complain that the water pressure at Hindtnarsh is net sufficiently strong to enable them to cope with a fire of any size, but this difficulty will now be overcome. The superintendent of tin brigade (Mr. ft M. Beid) intends having ths engine put in thorough working order before it ia placed in tbe brigade station in Adam-street, where a email band reel wOl also be kept. It is intended to raise the strength of ths brigade from nine to fifteen members, Tbe last relic of the recent maritime strike at Port Adelaide—non-nnionUt labor bureau—will be removed at the end of this week, Tas bureau was opened by the Employers' Union, as it was found inoonvenient to accommodate I the non- unionists on Uooked steamers,] Toe agreement entered into with the men having: expired a week's notice was given that their services would not be required after Saturday, December IS, Only about 60 men will be afieeted by this notice, and it is doubtful whether many of these will stay in the oniony after the bureau is closed. A number of gentlemen met at the Bank of South Australia, Laura, on Monday afternoon to say good-bye to Mr, J. S. Dane, who is leaving the local branch to takeja position in the bead office, Dr. O. W. Hamilton was voted to tbe chair, and after a complimentary catenas to Me. Dane'*ability ass. bank offioeraadhU nsefnlness in church and social movements, preEented him with an address and aQver. plated cpirit cruet as a small token of the geceral appreciation of bis services. After the manager, Mr. Tnomber, and covers! other gentlemen had apoken in kindly terms, ths toatt of Mr. Dane's health was drank heartily amid good wishes for bis future health and prosperity. Tbe distinguished Australian eotnoMer and pianiste, Miss Florence Monk-Meyer, is re turning to Europe by the mail steamer Ooeana, Miss Meek-Meyer has important concert en gagements to fulfil in several European capi tals. ■The following ?re the panengen booked to leave by the Oseana this afternoon:—For London—Mr. G. W. Hawksa, Miss Damon, and Mr. 8, FoUiton. For Venioe—Dr, A, F. Parker. For King George's Sound—Mr, O, LeeSteeromd the Ber. J. Y. Simpson, Tbe ladies and gentlemen who assisted at the Ute Oatholio bazaar in aid ot the building tan! of the OathoUe 808001. Glenelg, held a aoetal and dance in the Town Hall, Glenelg, on Monday evening, wben the hall was prettily decorated, and about 100 persons availed themselves of tbe perfect state of the floor, dancing being kept np until eaxly on Tuesday morning. Mr, Harry P. GeU, on behalf ot himself anl bis companion, has written a letter to the Marine Board thanking Sir. George Jnstios, who is in tbe employ ot the board, for rendec iogtbemsuob prompt assuUnoeat tbe time whssj they were in danger of drowning through ths •wiring ot tLeir yacht, the Bertha, at No. 8 beacon in the Port Siver on Saturday after noon. Tbe first railway ambulance clan to eomntets theefflwse has been that at Qaora under Mw very tffiment direction ot Dr. Pooler; Oa Thunds* last Dr. Mufchun, of Fort Augurta, examined the men, and m very oomDlimen tary to the lecturer and bis papila. Tto fol lowing gained the oertifimie of the St. John Ambnlanoe Aisoeiation :-Me*wa, J. Q. Oraig. F. Qannincthai?, C Ddneb, A. Danatan. F. Fielding. H. Qonter, G. Greenham, B. H*li fax. F. Hean«?y, V. Percy, H PeUon, B. Bast, If. Stanley, B. Ireloar. and T. WeUbsy. A fine talmon trout, weighing 8J lb., was M ngbt in a net, with a quantity at fltthead, by some fiibennen on Friday in Hobaoa'i Bay, near Mordialloe. The Melbourne Age writei lhat salmon ova was imported some year* ago by the Acclimatisation Society and the Watts Kverseleetedaiabreediiiggronndi Follower! ol the anglei'* gentle art have been for tome time able to obtain good tport in this •tWMJ, ia which the salmon have flmriahed even beyond the most eanguiDe expectation. Salmon 6 aad even 6 la. in weight have b«eu Caught in tbe Watts, bat the one whioH found ill way into the hiy frcmibiiriTerandtbroogh the nmavory Yana v reported to be tba tazKeatfUholiU kind feteto^htin Viotirla. A oonoert in aid of the Bilk family r?he! land will take plase this evening in tis K« wood Sown HalL The halt yearly rceetiog ot the N?^<>a* BaiUing Society will be held in the t •".?•. VietoDa-tqnare, thia evening:. An old Engluh fair ia aid of tbe Collage Park Congregational Obnrch will be opened this afttrnton in the St. Poten Town Hall. A trial of the Lictoi bud fire grenade will fake place nader the anapices of the Norwood Oorptration next to the Norwood Hotel this evecirg. 