UNDER THE CHESTNUT SHADE. CHAPTER VI. bhe flung herself upon the bed, without even removing her mantle, and hid her face in the pillow, moaning piteously. " Another day cone and I have not found him ! Oh, Heavens ! what shall I do?" Presently she drew her purse from her pocket and counted its scanty contents. " I must write home to-morrow," she said to herself. " My poor father and Cicely — what will they (think of me ? But, oh ! if only I could have found Heath —if only I could take him back with me!" She was quiet for a little while, then sprang to her feet, and began to pace up and down like some wild thing. Her trouble was pressing upon her brain with a weight she would not be able to endure much longer. The one idea of finding Heath and compelling him to return with her was fast becoming a monomania with her. These few days had changed her so terribly that even her nearest friends might have been pardoned for not know ing her; the youthful roundness of con tour and the wild-rose bloom had faded from her face. She was but the ghost of her old bright self. Throwing herself again upon the bed, she fell at last into a troubled slumber, calling upon her husband's name in pite ous accents, even in her sleep; and wak ing to the desolation and misery of her lot, turned her white weary face to the wall, and burst into convulsive sobs, hot, burning tears, which seemed to sear her eyes and were no relief to the aching brain. Then she started forth again upon her hopeless quest, hovering around the places of which she had heard Heath speak — the National Gallery, the British Museum, and the South Kensington Museum, asking her way from one spot to another, attracting attention by the weary wistfulness of her look. She knew that when Heath was in London he always stayed at a hotel in Norfolk-street and .she had ventured timidly to inquire if he had been there; but the answer was , . in the negative, and she turned away sick at heart. Long afterwards, when the memory of these days might have grown faint, the thought of them would drive the colour from her cheeks and the light from her eyes. All through the long June day she passed to and fro among the crowds of busy and fashionable people, stopping to look as the throngs in the park, peering wistfully through the half-open door of clubs and readings-rooms, growing, with each step that she took, more faint ancl weary. When night fell she retraced her steps to the, dingy lodging-house, and falling once more upon her bed was asleep al- tnost before she touched the pillow. If she had known that the two she loved best — after her husband — were scouring the streets of London in search of Ker how different things might have been! If only their paths had crossed what infinite suffering might have been saved to all of them 1 When she awoke the next morning she said to herself? — " To-night I must write to my father." And it was with the intention of so- doing that she started again upon her wandering to and fro. She turned her face towards the city this time ! business perhaps might take Heath into those crowded and bustling places. So, like a wraith, she flitted along the thoroughfares of the City— Cheapside, Lndkate-hill, St. Pauls'- churchyard — t . I the immaculately- dressed' City clerk on his way to and from his office was almost abashed by the white misery of that lovely young face, and forbore to address her in the vernacular of his tribe. Frightened at last by the noise and turmoil, bewildered by the continual change of faces, she turned into a quiet court leading from Cheapside and rested there awhile. Beyond the entrance was the continual rush and roar, but here was peace and quiet, and forgetful of every thing but her intense weariness, she sank upon a doorstep and leaned her head against the cold wall. She had almost fallen to sleep when zhe heard footsteps coming down the stairs hehind her and rose hastily, afraid of some harsh reprimand for making this her resting place. " Are you ill, or only tired ?" The voice was calm and pleasant, and looking up she met the eyes of a middle- aged, grey-haired man, who looked as . though he might be a doctoor or a clergy- man. " I was only tired," she said wearily, i " and the noise of the street frightened i me. May I rest here ? I will soon go on my way again," 1 " Of course you may." He was surprised at the refinement of 1 her voice and manner, and looked so. ' " Surely you should not be out in this part of London alone ? I am afraid that a young and unprotected woman can scarcely walk through the streets of the City without being accosted." ... " I am obliged to be alone," she said. " Yes, the streets are horrible ; but I must go. Thank you for your sym pathy, but lam not afraid," and the lovely eyes met his with tears in their depths. " Well, well, you know your own busi ness best." And lifting his hat he passed out of the court, leaving Gwen there. When she was a little more rested she rose and plunged once more into the crowded thoroughfare, Into what strange and miserable place her weary feet took her that day she could never afterwards tell. Such sights of want and squalor met her eyes as she had never even dreamed of. Dreadful places down by the Towei and St. Paul's narrow streets where she was looked upon as one who had no business there. gflAfternoon was changing into evening when she found herself close by the Holr born Townhall. She was so tired that she thought it best to go back to her lodgings by omnibus, and was watching for one which would take her in the right direction, when across the road she saw a figure which she recognised in a moment as her husband's. With a wild cry she darted forward across the road. A hansom was com ing at full speed — the driver tried to check his horse, but it was too late 1 The next moment she was down beneath the cruel, plunging hoofs, and a crowd was gathering around her. A policeman — London policemen, let scoffers say what the please, are, as a rule, .more than ready .to do their duty — sprang forward and rescued her, not without receiving a nasty blow or two himself, and one gentleman, an Hderly man, bent over the insensible form. " It is the same face !" he exclaimed ; and, to the policeman, " I am a doctor, and my surgery is close by. Let her be taken there at once," As the little procession moved ' off Heath Cassilis stopped one of the by standers who had been nearer than him self. " It was a woman who was hurt, I think?" " Yes, poor soul ; quite a yo ing crea ture, too." : " Thank /" He turned upon his heel and went on his way, little guessing that the figure he had for a moment seen beneath the plunging hoofs was that of the wife whom he yet loved with ail his soul and strength. It was one of those strange coincidences which happen in almost every life. Who has not occasion to say, " If only I had come a moment sooner ?" " If only I had known that you were, sq near ?" Never (?) the truth, the professor walked quickly and steadilv to his destination — : the Temple — aud Gwen was borne to the surgery of the doctor who had that morn ing wondered that she should be wander ing about the city alone. Her face had haunted him strangely , all day; the great, wistful eyes, the quiver ing, sorrowful mouth. He had ponder ed over the brief meeting as he. went from one sick bed to another, for the face \- was like one that he had loyed vainly when he was a young man, and over which the grave had closed long years ago. She had not loved him; she had not loved him; she had married and been happy; but for her dear sake he had lived lonely all the years of his life., and this girl was strangely like her. ; They laid her upon the couch in his room and he examined her injuries — ex amined them with a face which grew more grave with every passing moment. " Poor child — poor child !" he said to himself; " she will have a tough fight for it." He rang the bell, and a respectable woman appeared'. ' My bed is perfectly ready, of course, Mrs. Brooks ?" " Quite, sir." " Thank you. I shall want your assistance ; this young lady cannot possibly be moved, and if she remains here I shall be able to give her my un divided attention. To-morrow we will . try to discover'her friends; an advertise- ' ment will probably answer our purpose, | and as she is married — see, she wears a wedding-ring — no doubt her husband will soon make his appearance. Lay her clothes all together, and when I have attended to her hurts I will look through her pockets and see if I can find any 1 clue to her home and connections."- The next hour was spent in examin- ' ing the poor shattered frame and binding up the wounds inflicted by the horse's hoofs. A faint moan of pain now and ' again told that she was at least concious of physicial agony; but, beyond this, she 5 had given no sign of returning life, and when Dr. Morgan had finished his work, the face which lay upon the pillows was" white as the linen bandage bound about her head. " Poor child !" said the doctor again. " Poor child !" '< And then he administered restoratives ' until, cruelly as it seemed, he had brought her back to a sense of what was going on 1 around her. She tried to move, but the eftost wrung a cry of anguish from her pallid lips, and Mrs. Brooks came forward. (To be Continued. ) Terrible accident. — On Tuesday morning :hree boys, named Stapleton, Paul, and Oos- :11, were walking along the west bank of the Macquarie, near the railway bridge Dubbo they saw the body of an old man lyingjon the ground and immediately gave information to the police, Constable Siggins went to the place and at once recognised the body as that of a man named William Farrell, about 55 years of age. He was well-known about Dubbo, and unfortu nately of intemperate habits- About five or six months ago he attempted to commit suicide. The constable found the man's leg and neck were broken. An inquest was held on Tues day, and continued on Wednesday, before Mr. W. S. Caswell P.M. From the evidence given it seems that on Monday night Farrell had called at |several public houses, but being drunk the landlords would not serve him with liquor. It is thought that the later eriod he attempted to cross the railway bridge pnd when on the timber portion of viaduct, ataggered, lost his balance, and fell over. The sheight of the bridge at the spot where|decear- ed was found is over thirty feet. There is no doubt death was instantaneous, Dubbo Dispatch Galong-to-Burrowa Railway.— A meeting of the committee of the Burrowa Railway League was held in the Mechanic' Institute on Wednes day afternoon. There were present — Messrs. A. E. Middleton, (in the chair), C. C. Robinson, W. E- Dwyer, A. Campbell, I. Stevenson, B. Morgan, and J. R. Alston. After some discussion, it&was; resolved that fresh returns be obtained from landholders, so that the statistics to be submitted to the Government should be the most recen obtainable. The secretary was also directedtot obtain particulars of traffic of the Binalong and Galong stations at the present time. — Burrowa, Times. The Late Henry Searle Trouble — The Clarence River Advocate of Friday morning con tains a letter from Mr. H. Searle, father of the late champion sculler, referring to a report pub lished in a recent issue of a Sydney paper, in which Messrs. Spencer Brothers accused the late Henry Searle of keeping 700. Mr. Searle gives the following explanation, which he claims to be true, as far as he knows : " Harry was matched to row O'Connor for £500 aside on the Thames.. Harry camey off victorious. When the stakes were paid oyer they were paid at the Sportsman office by Mr.Innes. Henry received a cheque, for 1000. Mr. Crane was with him at the time. When he received the cheque he put the money into the Commercial Bank, dr»w a cheque tor £500 and paid Mr. Crane, so he only received O'Connor's £500. This information was given by Mr. Crane on board the steamer Australian wheh taking Harry's corpse tohe Clarence River Harry drafted £ 77 of his own money from Eng land, and Mr. Crane said he made £80. He had also presents from gentlemen, but how much he does not know." Mr. Searle concludes by re minding the. Spencers that they forgot to tell that they were paid their £500 back. The Bourke Relief Funds. — The S. M. Herald , of Wednesday says that Cardinal Moran has addressed the following letter to Father Lynch, of Bourke, with regard to the fund which has been raised for the relief of the sufferers by the Bourke floods: — " St Mary's Cathedral June 15.I send you another instal ment of £100 to aid the sufferers in your district by the recent floods. I would no trouble you with the distribution of this fund were it not that the Mayor has declined to receive any further sums, the fund is not in tended for Catholics alone, but also for those of the various Protestant denominations who may be in need of relief." Lord Carrington. — Lord Carrington has informed the Premier that as his term of office expires at the end of the year he and Lady Carrington will leave Sydney by sea on Satur day, November 1. They intend to remain in Melbourne on Monday night, and on Tues day they will leave for Adelaide, arriving there on Wednesday, November 5, when they will at once go on board the R.M.S. Orizaba, which sails for England on that day. The Best Remedy For Indigestion.— Norton's Camomile Pills are confidently recommended as a Simple Remedy for Indiges- tioiij which is the cause of nearly all the dis eases to which we are subjected. Norton's Pills, in jus'ice called the " Natural Strength- ener of the Human Stomach," act as a power ful tonic and gentle aperient, are milder in their operation, and safe under any circumstances. Sold in bottles, is. , i#d., 2s gd., us, by all medicine Vendors in the world. KEATINQ'S OOUOH LOZENGES cares Coaghs, Asthma Bronchitis. Medical testimony states that no other medicine ie so effectual in the cure of these dangerous maladies On Loxenge alone gives ease, ono or two at bedtime ensures rest For relieving difficulty of breathing they are Invaluable. They contain no opium nor any violent drag. Sold by aU Chemists in Tins. Is lfd and 2s 9d each Flobiline !— For the Teeih and Breath— A few drop of the Uquld Floriline " sprinkled over the toothbrush pro dnces a pleasant lather, which thoroughly cleaned the teeth from all paraaltes or Imparities, hardens the gums, prevents tartar, stops decay, gives to the teeth a peculiar pearly white ntss and a delightful fragrance to the breath. It removes all unpleasant odour arising fromdecayed teeth or tobacco amoke. "The Fragrant Floriline. "being compoeed In part of honey and sweetherbs is deUcions to. the taste, and the greatest toilet discovery of the age. Price 2s fid, of aU chemists and Per fnmers; 'Wholesale depot removed to S 8, FarrlngdonBoad advice to Mothers i— Are yon In broken your reat by tick child suffering with the pain of onttlng teeth f Go at once to a chemist and get a botUe of Mrs. Wiwblow s Soothino Svrup. It wttl relieve the poer eufferer immedlstley. It is perfectly hsrmlets snd pleasant to taste, it produces natural aolet sleep, by relieving the chUd from pain, and the little cherub awake "as bright as a button." It soothes the child it soltens the gams, allays all pain, relieves wind, regulates the bowels, and la the best known remedy for dyeentery and diar- hoea, whether arising from teething or other causes. Mrs Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup Is sold by Medicine dealers every where la ljd. per bottle. Vammbce Dhooverv For the Hair .—If your hair Is turn ing grey or white, or (ailing off, uso " The Mexican Hair B> nower," torlt will positively rotors fa every ease Grey or IFMto hair to Its original colour, without leaving the disagreeable melt of most ' Restorers." It makes the hair charmingly beautiful, as well as promoting the growth of the hair on bald pots, where the glanda are not decayed. Aek your chemt-t for y The Mexican Hair Beeewer,". told by Chemists and Per fumers everywhere at 3s. fid. per bottle. Wholesale depo re moved to 33, Farringdon Road London. Throat Athctions akd HoAMEMiaa.— All suffering from irritation of the throat and hoarseness will be agreeably sur prised at the rlmoat Immediate relict afforded by their use " Brown's Bronchial Troches." These famons losenges are now eold by moat respectable chemlsta in this country, at ltd per box. People troubled with a hacking coughs slight cold,' or bronchial affections, cannot try them too soon, aa similar troubles, If allowed to progreia, result In serious Pulmonary and Asthmatlo effoctions. See that |the word Brown's Bronchial |Trocbea " are n the Government, stars aroonil each box —Prepared by John I. Brown A dons, Brt ton, U.S. European depot removed to 33, Farringdon Road London 