TOM CLARK'S CHRISTMAS NOTION- BY THE BEV. DR. KBNXEDY MOORE. II.—THE LUXURY OF DOING GOOD. When Tom Clark parted from his friend on the day in question, he did not continue his way homewards. iSomething had made him change his mind ; and he retraced his Bteps towards the shops. On reaching that of Mr. Smith, the confectioner, he went in and asked, 4 Have you any plum-puddings all ready for the tablet' _ j Plenty,, sir. All sizes from one pound upwards. Shilling a pound, sir. What size would you want!' 'Let me see,' said Tom Clark, you go to Goshen Chapel, do you not ?' « Yes sir, replied Mr. Smith, looking rather surprised at the question. 1 T Mr. Fordyce has seven children, I thins I ' Yes, seven sir.' ' And with the two grown-up people and their servant girl, that makes ten in all. Say, half-a-pound apiece ; that's five pounds. Here's five shillings, and send the pudding to their house, addressed to Mrs. Fordyce, at eight o'clock this evening. And, look here, not a word as to who it was that' ordered it. You understand?' • Remember, then at eight o'clock.' Tom Clark then walked out; and Mr. Smith, who was a rather vulgar-looking man, looked at him as he passed the window of the shop, and gave vent to his feelings by ejaculating,' Well, 1 never 1' Tom Clark, on emerging from the confectioner s sliop, directed his steps to a poulterer's : not the biggest in the place, but one which he had his own reasons for selecting. He directed Mr. Jones, the proprietor, to send a fine fat goose and a couple of pounds of sausages up to Mrs. Fordyce at the same hour. Then Mr. Brown, a Baptist draper, received a visit and was instructed to send a nice warm shawl of dark green tartan pattern to the same lady, at a quarter past eight- Tom Clark strenuously insisting that it should arrive neither earlier nor later than that moment of time. a Last of all, Tom Clark wended his way to Mr. Robinson's This was a large clothing establishment, where he ordered a very comfortable greatcoat, of good ^- quality and suitable dimensions, to follow the other articles to the house o£ Mr. Fordyce. y When all these things had been arranged for, lom Clark made his way home, and plunged at once into his papers. He was in splendid spirits for his work, and astonished himself by the amount he contrived to do before dinner. When the clock struck sue, hayin® refreshed himself with a good wash, he Bat down to his bachelor meal, looking all the time very happy at something that was passing through his mind. When the clock on the mantelpiece showed a quarter past seven Tom encased his feet again in hia boots, and, doning his fur-trimmed greatcoat, put a soft felt on his head, and sallied forth. He had previously put an uncut copy of his new book in his pocket,; and a few minutes brought him to the house of Mr. Fordyce, which was not far off, round a couple of corners. lom knocked, and, as soon as the door was opened, Air Fordyce met him in the lobby. «Come in, my dear, good friend. Very glad indeed to see you.' ,. . , Tom Clark divested himself of his wrappings, and walked in f o their little sitting room. It was rather poorly furnished, but looked bright and comfortable with a blazing fire. Mrs. Fordyce, a comely lady of some forty years, rose and most warmly bid him welcome. ., _ , * Here's the ' Fairies of the Forest 1 ' said Tom Clark holding out bis volume. ' Perhaps it won't be bad Christmas reading. Now I want to see the small fry, I've got something for them.' The children were sent for, and the little troop soon appeared—two boys, four girls, and a baby carried by Phemie, the servant. . < Here are some Christmas cards for you. sail Tom Clark, taking out a packet of them, - and distributing them among the eager group. * Oh, how lovely I How beautiful!' cried the chil dren ; and beautiful indeed they were. A knock was now heard at the door ; and Phemie handing over the baby to Mrs. Fordyce, went to see what it wa6. She soon came back accompanied by Tom Clark's jounger servant, who had been instructed by her master to follow him, and who brought with her a basket, covered with a snowy napkin. When this was removed the basket was found to be filled with evergreens at the top, beneath which were some lovely apples, and below these again a deep layer of nuts. ' That's for you tomorrow,' said Tom Clark to the children,' you'll put the holly and mistletoe all rouni the room ; and the nuts and apples you'll know what to do with.' Little Nell Fordyce clapped her hands in glee, and Willie who was still smaller, began to caper round the room. ' Thank you so much' said Mrs, Fordyce,' it s so kind of you to think of our little ones. While* the children were lost in admiration of the apples another knock came to the door, a loud, sharp knock. Something was banded in, and a van was heard driving away. In a minnte Phemie entered into the sitting room with a round thing in her hand, done up nicely in white paper. Her countenance was all one great broad smile as she said ' please, ma'am, it's a plum-pudding.' « A plum-pudding ?' cried Mrs. Fordyce in astonish ment; ' it can't be for us,' * Here's the name marked on it,' said Phemie Mrs. Fordyce, 27, Long Lane.' ' It must be some mistake,' said the good lady;' some other person of the same name.' ' Can't we hare it to eat?' cried little Willie, halfcrying at the awful thought of the pudding disappearing again. ' Can't we eat it to-morrow forour Christmas dinner f' «To be sure you will,' said Tom Clark ;' the pudding could'nt have madeTa mistake in coming here.' Mrs. Fordyce looked rather dubious, but before she could say another word something was heard driving up quickly to the door. Somebody jumped out and gave a third, and most peremptory knock. ' What can that be now f' said everybody, and eager eyes were turned to see what Phemie would bring 1 & She was longer about it this time ; and when she did come, what was the shout of surprise and delight at beholding a gigantic goose, aa it looked to the little folks, and such a lot of sausages to keep it com- P a °Tfiat goose knew which way the pudding had come" Baid Tom Clark. , , , A „ r _ _ The children laughed and shouted; but Mr. Jfordyce looked very much concerned, it can't be for us, said he repeating his wife's words. 'Never mind,' said Tom Clark; • it's come at the right time, and you can't lo better than eat it.' At this decision the delight of the children knew no bounds, and they began chasing one another round the, boom, till Mrs. Fordyce called them to order, and told them to say good-night, and go aWay quietly to bed. As soon as the room was cleared of the happy little creatures, and the three older people were sitting quietly round the fire, Phemie appeared with a brown paper parcel addressed to Mrs. Fordyce, which was found to contain the warm shawl of dark green tartan. That good lady held it up, and her eyes gliEtened with a tear as she said.' What kind friend can it be that has sent me this ? He must be an angel from heaven.' ' Put it on,' said Tom Clark. ' Let ns see if it suits you.' Mr. Fordyce rose from his Beat and arranged the shawl himself round hiB wife's shoulders. ' Isn't it a beauty ?' said he,' and doesn't it set her off splendid ? Why, my dear, I could fall in love with you again with that shawl on 1 and what a soft cosy thing it is. That will keep you 6afe and warm for the winter. I'm sure it will add five years to your life. Well, well, I never heard of such kindness, never. Nothing can beat this.' Mrs. Fordyce didn't speak again, for her heart was too full; bat she folded up her shawl carefully and placed it on a chair. JuBt as she finished doing this, a much bigger parcel was brought in, which, when opened, disclosed a new and handsome great coat. ' Your turn's come now, my dear,'said Mrs. Fordyce. ' Our good friend, whoever he is,—and ten thousand blessings on him,—he hasn't forgotten you.' Mr. Fordyce looked positively astounded. He gasped for breath. ' That is something awf ul,' said he, as soon ttB he could speak. ' I don't understand it. I don't know what to do.' «Do 1 ' said Tom Clark ; ' why, try on the greatcoat to be sure.' . Mr. Fprdyce, however, never moved; he was evidently so bewildered. Whereupon Tom Clark got hold of the coat and, making Mr. Fordyce stretch out his arms, he pulled it on him, and buttoned it down the front. < Well, said Tom Clark, when he had finished the job ' you do look nobby, and no mistake. I shouldn't know you in the street, you've become such a grand sign °Mra Fordyce came up to her husband and looked dmiringly at him, but the trouble remained on his ^on'Hoo'k so dumfounded,' exclaimed Tom Clark, why man alive, one would think you had been suddenly ordered to be hanged, or had come upon a ghost, ou're so precious frightened.' «No,' Baid Mr. Fordyce, ' I'm not frightened at all; but I am so astonished, I don't know what to thi Well, don't think about it, then,' responded Tom Clark ' But I must think,' said Mr. Fordyce,' I can't help thinking, and what I think is that you know something about it.' , , .. ' Don't trouble yourself with any such thoughts, said Tom Clark. Perhaps you've more friends in this world than you know of. But I must be off. It's getting late, and I have to preach a Christmas sermon to-moTrow. Good-night.' ' Come and have your dinner with us to-morrow: do come,' said Mr. Fordyce. ' Can't,' replied Tom Clark. ' Dining out, you know. Hope you'll enjoy the goose and the plum-pudding. Good-bye again, dear friends, and best blessings with you,' saying which, and pressing their hands warmly, Tom Clark darted off. As soon as Mr. and Mrs. Fordyce found themselves alone, they looked at one another, i What do you think of it ?' asked Mrs. Fordyce. «It'i just his doing,' replied her husband. < Don't you think any of our own people had the thought to send us a Christmas present f' ' None of them has the heart to do it. It would never occur to their dull minds. They're good enough people in their wav, but they're not blessed with that spontaneous generosity which some show towards their minister. Now let ns have woiship, for its getting As they knelt that evening at the family altar, Mr Fordyce poured out his heart in grateful acknowledge ment of the Divine goodness, and fervent petitions for blessines on his kind and considerate friend. On retiring for the night, Mrs. Fordyce soon fell into a very sweet, sound, peaceful sleep : but her husbands mind had been too much excited to allow him at once to sink to slumber. His waking thoughts, however, were happy ones ; and towards morning he dropped off into a quiet rpst, from which he awoke quite fresh and vigorous. Af-er a modest breakfast, he sat down at his desk to add a closing paragraph to his Christmas sermoa, which was on the text,' H- who spared not His own Son, but d*lierred Him up for us all, howshall He not with Him also freely give us all things? ' (To ie Continued,) 