THE journal of the Psychical Besearoh Society oohtains a curious " ghost " story. It is communicated, by "Major L.," who says: " On a fine clear night, many yeats ago, I and * brother walked home between 10 and ll o'olook, after spending the evening with some friendB. On our way along the high road <we passed a small villa situated close to the eea-shore. An open level grass lawn lay in front, reaching to the road where we stood, from which it was divided by a low ?wall. The lawn was enclosed on either side by walls and small trees, the house being in the open space directly opposite us, about 150 or 200 yardB distant. Oar attention was somehow attracted, and we saw what appear- ed to be three in distinct figures in white, which seemed to rise, as it were, from the ground in front of the villa. The figure in the centre was taller than the others. We watched for some time, and finally the figures subsided just as they had risen. I think there was' a slight declivity in the ground close to the house, which was probably built on a lower level, and thus the ' effeot described might be accounted for if figures had approached from the base of the house. There were many houses in the Im- mediate vicinity, but, so far as I can remem- ber, they were dosed at that hour, and there were no people about. I feel almost certain that the villa was not then occupied, unless it may have been by a caretaker. On arrival at home we related what we had seen, and were, of course, laughed at, and indeed the matter did not make much impression upon ins, and in a short time passed from our minds. Some years afterwards I was serv- ing abroad with my regiment when I received i letter from a member of my family who was present on the occasion referred to, recalling my memory te it, and stating that the lawn had reoenüy been broken up, that in the spot indicated by ns three skeletons had been found, and that the one in the centre was the tallest. I Bbould add that there was no story or legend assoeiated with the place, that the discovery of .the skeletons caused muoh sur prise, and that, so far as I am aware, no due hw bees found to their identity or history.** 