THE HAUNTED ROOM The boys of Lsvngdcm Manor School fjrere supposed to be iu bed by eight o'clock, but o$ this particular night pome of them were jiot. Those of Dormitory 2 were telling tales tq each pther. They had got their lespeetive blankets, and, wrapping themselves up in them, sat dowu ij| the alley between two bede; " It's your turn, Ben," s;iid pne of them. " Alt!" yespqnde4 Ben," what shall J tell you about ?" "Ghosts," whispered one youngster. Ben thought a feiv moments, and then said, " Do any of you know the legend of this school, about a fellow that was starved to death here ?" ".No," responded all of them eagerly," tell us it." They drew nearer to each other, and Ben began. " In the time of Charles the II. this pchool was taught by 4 Buritau school master. He was one of the biggest brutes in the country. Well, oue 4fty he had become such a monster that the boys resolved to run away from the .school. The leader of this was a young chap named Hugh Bedvar. They got every thing ready to run for it, but jusi: as they were on the eye of going, the master called them all up, and demanded to know who was the ringleader of' this revolt.' The boys Were quite surprised at first at his knowing it, and. then they thought of one of the Puritan scholars who might frflvfl gqt ftn ipkling of it, and had told the master. This stirmise was right, but they resolved not to split on Hugh. The master, when he s^w they would pot tell, was so enraged that he kept them in all day. and said they shouldn't have anything to eat until they told |um. Well, they were kept in for some hours, until Hugh, pot liking to pee them all punished for his fault, resolved to give himself up. They tried to dissuade him, but he was resolved, and told the master it was he •flrho was the ringleader* The master didn't say anything, but first he thrashed Hugh until he tainted, and then locked him up in a room at the top of this school. The boys didn't see him again after that, for the master through his ill-treat ment caused his death. The poor ehap was kept there in the bitter weather, for it was winter-, and chaiued to the wallj on bre&d; and water for a week. Every now and then the master would go. up aud thrash him, Vntil one evening, on going up to give "fcim his feod, he found, him dead. And every year, on the same night— X believe it was iu .November—they pay his ghost walks the ro.om, with the <sharn round his body." The youngsters sat spellbound for $ few moments after he had finished, then, one by one, they crawled into "bed shivering;, a,nd starting at every $ound. Winter was rather early, and que of the boys proposed tq go on an | adjacent pond and skate. jS'ow, this pond was prohibited tq them, but like ; all youngsters they believed that ** stolen fruit was sweetest," and therefore made up their minds to go pn the next Wednesday afternoon, if the iee was strong enough. Before j they were let out* when the afternoon j came, the master called them up, and j told them not to go on or near this pond at all, aud, if they did, he Avould ; punish them. IfCiW, after this, some cf the boys felt a repugnance to disobey the paster's orders, but Ted Moms, one j of the eldest boys, aud a few of his his chums, not to their credit, jeered theru for " ninnies/' and no boy liking to be jeered at, they all went on the |>ond. For about an hour all went on well, and everyone was enjoying him self when then the dreaded voice of the master rang out— " All boys on the pond come off, jpid form into line here 1" The boys came oil' and did as he told them. " jS'ow, who is. the leader of this/5 J he said.. No answer. " I know who it is," he continued. Norris, come li,e;e ; it was you that persuaded them." Uorris couldn't say a word. " Follow me up to the school, all; of you."1 Like beaten dogs the boys walked softer their dreaded pedagogue — dreaded a.s well for his injustice as his cruelty. When they were all stand ing in the class-room the master called Iforris to follow him. lie went to the top of the building, and, open ing a door, ushered the b<iv into a, bleak empty room. It had all gc-cui -. red so quickly that it took him a few Biomeuts to collect his scattered thoughts, and then glanced round. It was a, long room, low, but not very wide, with wainscoted aides, and no furniture whatever. The buy sank 4o\vn iu despair. "What did this mean? How. long was he to stop here ? He got up aud walked to the window at one end, and. looked out. Nothing but the dreary frpst-bound common, with the snow lying thick. An hour passed, and then some ou<-. came to the door. It was the servant with a piece of bread and cold tea. " Ob'!' sir, master, says you've got to stop here all night. Don't say I ; gave jou this," she *aid, as she threw down a piece of' blanket, " say you fouud it here; its very tqjd," added the kiud-hear ted girl", a« she withdrew $nd left the boy to himself", and the d«ep**ninjr gloom. He ate. the bread and. drank the tea, but it gave him tittle condort. Th,en ol a suddcu his desolate position burst upon liim, and he sat dpwn and cried bitterly. He thought of the dear old home far away pf the warmth and light that was there now, and of the kind sweet face of-his mother. •• Oh, mother, dear mother," he moaned. For a few moments he s^t like this, and then seeiug it wq,s getting dark, knelt down and said his prayers. He prayed to be forgiven for his disobedience, and that this should be a lesson. He drew the blanket around him and sat down in a corner and shivered with the biting cold. Then he thought. All at once he started up, pa}e and frightened. An awful thought had crossed his mind. What if this was the haunted rporn ? This is Jfoveui ber, and it might be the night on which the . He got up and looked along the wall. He thought there might be a remnant of tlie chain left. He wished tq either clear his mind of the terror or else to know the bitter truth. He could not see through the deepening gloom to the pther end of the room, but sweeping his hand wildly along the wall be touched something that moved and planked faintly. It tvas the chain! With starting eyes the poor boy crawled back tp his corner again. Only one hope now remained. It might not be the night on which it appears. Alter a iitne, however, his fears decreased. Why should; he be afraid ? " There are not any ghosts," he argued. " It has always been found to be natural causes, and then perhaps Ben might have been wrong. Theie mightn'thavebeeri such a legend. Ben tpight have made it up ; he 4]ways WftS a larkish fellow.'1 Thus the poor lad reasoned with himself and tried to banish his fears. He looked up to. the st^rs, and his mind became softened as he looked into their clear soft light. But yet the terror of the roo.ui would keep wming to him until he was willing to believe anything it conjured Hp. What was that? He thought he had heard something move in the room. There it was Again ! It was the chaiu! Every nerve was drawn to its utmost tension, and his heart was beating wildly as he listened and looked with straining eyes towards the dark end of the room. It was quiet again. After all, he must have—, He listened, for he thought it had sounded again, liis weary head was , throbbing wildly, and he sank at last j into a sort of stupor; it was not sleep, j It was long past midnight when he awoke, and looked wildly araund. Then his position came on his dazed mind, and he shuddered. He felt cramped in his liujbs, and tried to get up. lie -had just risen to. his feet when the clank of the chain sounded clear on his quivering brain, and the very life in him was stayed. Cold clammy sweat broke over him, as through the darkness, he fancied he heard soft footsteps walk ing to and fro, and keeping in time, with them was the moving of the chain! A faint sigh broke the still ness of the room. He could now see a shadowy form in the gloom, walking up and down, lie could not move hand or foot. The figure came out bolder^ and he saw with terriSed eves the form coming tip to him \ W ith one piercing cry that rang through the house aud out to the common beyond, the poor lad fell, and the life-blood came from his mouth. Figures are ground his bed as he awakes, aud he looks with starting eyes at them. He is. not m that room now. Jio, There is lii$ mother, hia sister, and his father. A voice, sound ing to him like an angel's whisper, says, " H ush, dearest boy, sleep now, it is all right," and he turns over on his side and sleeps. Langdoji Manor School does net stand now, but yet, round about the place where it stood, hangs the story of poor Ted Norris, and his fearful %ight iu the Haunted lioom. 