" AN THIN, WHIN THE KITTLE WAS TO BE FILLED, DINAH CAME IN-MY DINAHI." TILE Courting of Dinah Shadd Br RUDYARD KIPLING. (Continued from No. 53.) "DIn I ever tell you how Dinah Shadd anie to be wife av mine ? " I dissesubled a burning anxiety that I htad felt for some months-ever_ since Dinah Shadd, the strong, the patient, and the infinitely tender, had of her own good love and free will washed a shirt for mle, moving in a barren land where wash ng was not. 'I can't remelnber," I said casually. ' Was it before or after you made love to Annie Bragin and got no satisfaction ? ' The story of Annie Bragin is written in another place. It is one of the many episodes in 3ulvaney's chequered career. "lefore-before-longbefore, was that busisess av Annie Bragin an' the corp'ril's ghost. Never woman was the worse for lce whin I had married Dinah. There's a time for all things, an' I know hlow to lape all things in place--lbarrin' the hllink, that kapes me in my place wid no hope av Comin' to be aught else." "Begin at the beginning," I insisted. "Mrs. Mulvaney told me that you married her when you were quartered in KrabI Bokhar barracks." "Aiu' the same is a cess-pit," said Miulvaney, piously. " She spoke thrue, did Dinah. 'Twas this wiay. Talkin' av that, have ye iver fallen in love, sorr ?" I preserved the silence of the damned. Mulvaney continued "Thin I will assume that ye have.not. I did. In the days av my youth, as I have more than wvans't tould you, I was a man that filled the eye an' delighted the sowl av r0omene. Never 1mn was hated as I have hbi. Never man was loved as I tn, not within half a day's march av ut 1 For the first five years av my service, whin I was what I wud give my sowl to be now, I tuk whatever was widin my reach an' digested ut-an' that's more thain most men canl say. Dhrink I tnk, an' ut did Ile no lharim. By the hollow av hiven, I cui pla3y wid four women at wanst, an' :ape them froim findin' out anythin' about the other three, an' smile like a full-blown marigold through ut all. Dick Coulhlan, a? the battery, we'll have down on us to night, could drive his team no better tlhan 1 miil, an' I hild the worser cattle ! A?l' o- I livedr an' so I was happy till aftlher that lulsiness wvid Annie lBragin--she that turnled lne off as cool as a meat-safe, an' tauight 1e whore I stud in the mind av an hlOnest wolnaan. 'Twas no sweet dose to take. "Afther that I sickened awhile an' tuk thought to Illy re'lmental work ; conceit ing Inesilf I wrud stiudty an' be a sargint an' n major-gineral twenty minutes afther that. But on top or v 11my ambitious ness there was an empty place in my sowl, 1)1 file own opinii av mesilf cud not fill ut. Sez I to mesilf : ' Terence, you're a great man all' the hest set up in the reg' ?ent. (Go on an' get promotion.' Sez Iesilf to me, ' lhast for ! ' Sez I to mesilf: ' For the glory have ut!' Sez tiesilf to life: 'Will that fill these two stronllg alrrums av yours, Terence '' Go "t the devil,' sez I to ipesilf. GO to the married lines,' sez mesilf, to ite.' "Tis the s0ine thing,' sez I to mesilf. Av you're the samle 111a11, ut is,' said iesilf to me • an' wid that I considhlered 'nllt a long while. Did you iver feel that way, sorr? ? I snored gently, knowing that if Muil •a-ey were luninterrupted he110 would go on. Thie clamour of the bivounc fires heat i1) to the stars as the rival singers of Ise companies were pitted againist each ftheler. " So I felt that way, an' a bad time ut a-:L. :Wanst bein' i fool I wint into the !pried lilies more for the sake av spakin' u9 o1r mild colour-sergint Shadd, tlmn for P:ly thruck -wid v )imlllen folk. I was a ",iivril them--rejucid afthersvwards, but a 'rfir'ril then. I've a pl;otogrft ;f iy mesilf it prove ut. 'You'll take a cup av tay, widus?' sen he. 'I will that,' I sez, th'' tay is not my divarsion.' "Twud be better for you if uo were,' ;z p9lld Mother Slhdd, an' shie had ought w10 for r hadd, ill the ind av his service, ihirunk blung full each niSght. "Wid that I tuk of? mly gloves-there's "5i pipe-clay in thliln, so tldat they stood alone-an' pulled up 1my chair, looljin' round at the china ornamints an' bits av thi1gs in the Shadds' quarters. Tifey 0eore things that belonged to a man, an' o11 camp kit, here to-day an' dishipated Dent. 'You're comfortable this 11lace, SeWglii,' says 1. ''Tis the wife that did ut, boy,' sia lhe, pointin' the steniav. his Pipe to ould Miother Shadd, an' she smacked the top av his bod Ilhead upon hle compliment. 'That marnes you wants mOneOy,' sez she. "An' thin-an' thin, whin the kittle w~aito be filled, Dinah came in-my ,inah--her sleeves rowled up to the elber an' her hair in a gowlden glory over her forehead, tho big blue eyes beneath flWinklln' like stars on a friosty night, an' i1~ tr?1l av lher two feet lighter thlan is-?t-papla frpm the colonel's basket ill ,il'ly roomnJ hiin up's emptied. Bein' but a shlip av a 'uil 1 she ient pink at -,.F-' me, an' I twisted me moustache an:i' looked at a picture forninst the wall. Never show a woman that ye care a snap av a finger for her, an' begad she'll come bleatin' to your boot-heels." "I suppose that's why you followed Annie Bragin till everybody in the mar ried quarters laughed at you," said I, remembering that unhallowed wooing and casting off the disguise of drowsiness. "I'rm layin' down the gin'ral theory av the attack," said Mulvaney, driving his foot into the dying fire. "If you read the Soldier's Pocket Book, which niver any soldier reads, you'll see that there are exceptions. Whin Dinah was out av the door (an' 'twas as tho' the sunlight had gone too)--' Mother av liven' sergint,' says I, but is that your daughter? ' ' Ire believed that way these eighteen years,' says ould Shadd, his eyes twinklin', ' but Mrs. Shaldd has lher own opinion likeiv'ry other woman.' ' 'Tis wid yours this time, for a mericle,' sez Mother Shadd. ' Thin why in the iune of fortune did I niver see her before ?' sez I. 'Bekase you've been thrapesin' round wid the lmarried women those three years past. She was is bit iav a child till Iast year, an' she shot up wid the spring,' sez ould Mother Shadd. 'I'll tlhnpese no more,' sez I. 'D'you mane that?' sea ould Mother Shadd, lookin' at me side-ways like a lien looks at a hawk when the chickens are runnin' free. 'Try me, an' tell,' sez 1. Wid that I pulled on my gloves, dhrank off the tea, an' went out av the house as stiff as at. gen'ral p'rad, for well I knew that Dinah Shadd's eyes were in the small av my back out av the scullery window. Faith ! that was the only time I mourned I was not a cav'J'ry man for the sake av the spurs to jingle. "I wint out to tlhink, an' I did a powerful lot av tlinkin', biut ut all caime round to that shlip av a girl in the dotted blue dhress, wid the blue eyes an' the syarkil in them. Thin 1 keptoff canteen, an' I kept to the married quartlhersor near by on the chalst av meetin' Dinah. Did I meet her? -Oh, my time past, did I not, wid a lump in my throat, as big as my valise, an' my heart goin' like a farrior's forge on a Saturday morning I' 'Twas 'Good day to yo, Miss Dinah,' an' 'Good day t'you, corp'ril.' for a week or two, an' divil a bit further could I get bekaze av the respict I had to that girl that I cud ha' broken betune finger an' thumb." Hero I giggled as I recalled the gigantic figure of Dinah Shadd when she handed mne imy shirt. "Ye may ]augh,'l grulited Mulvaney. " But I'm speakin' the trut', an' 'tis you that are in fault. Dinah was it girl that that would ha' taken the imperiousness out'of the Duchess av Olonmel ill those days. Flower-hand, foot av shod air, an' the eyes av the miornin' she had. That is my wife to-day-ould Dinah, and. never aught else than Dinah Shadd to me. 'Twas after three aweeks' stansdin' off an' on, all' niver makin' headway -excipt through the eyes, tlhat a little drummer boy grinned in lme face whin I had ad sionished him wid the buckle av my belt for rioti-i' all over the place. ' An' I'm not the only wan 'thint doesn't kape to blarricks,' sez he. I tuk hbil by the scruff av his neck--my heart was hung on a hair-thrigger those days, you well under stand-anu' 'Out wid ut,' sez I, ' or I'll lave no bone av you unbreakable.' 'Speak to Dempsey,' sez he, howling. Dempsey which?' sez I, 'Ye unw.ished limb of Satan.' - 'Of the Bob-tailed Dhragoons,' sez lie. -' He's- seen her home frown' her aunt's house in the' ciril lines four times this fortnighlt.' '' Ohild:l' sez I dhiopping him, ' Your tongue' sitros6nger than your body. Go to your quaiters' I'm sorry I dhressed you d5win.: 'At that I :went foii wa3: ys to wssanst hlnitin'. Dempsey. I'aias mad to tlhink that wid all- my airs auong women I shud ha' been clhated by a basin-faced fool av is eavl'ry man not fit to trust an a nmule thrunk. "Presintly I found him in our lines--the Bobtails was qulartered next us -an' a tallowy, top-heavy son av a she mule lie was wid his' big briass spurs an' his plastronss on his epigastons an' all. But se niver flinched a hair. '-' A word wid you, Dempsey,'. sez I. ` You've walked with Dinah Shadd four times this fortnight gone.' " ' What's'that to you ?' sez lie. 'I'll walk forty times more, an' forty on top av that, ye shovel-futte'd, clod-brakin' infan try lance-corp'ril '. -. "Before-I cud gyard he had his gloved fist home on my cheek, an'- diwn I went full sprawl. . ' Will that content you ? ' sez lie, blowin' orn Iis knuckles for all the world like a Scots Greys orf'cer. 'Con tint !' sez . - 'For your own sake, man, ,take off your spurs--eel your jacket an' on' glove. 'Tis the beginlin' av the over ture ; stand tip !' "Hu stud sll lie know ; but lie niver peeled his jacket, an' his shoulders had no fair play. I was figlitin' for Dinah Shadd an' that cut on my cheek. What hoipe had he forniust me'? 'Stand up,' sez I, time an' again whin lie was be ginnin' to quarter tie ground an' gyard haigh an' go large. ' Thllis isn't ridin' school,' sez I. ' 0, man, stand up an' let me get at ye.' But whin I saw lie wud be runnin' about, I arup his shtock in my left an', his waist-belt in my right an', swung himn clear to my right front, head undber, hlie hammerni' msy nose till the wi-nd wras knocked out av hsim in the bare ground. 'Stand up,' sez I,' 'or I'll kick your head into your chest,' and I wud ha' done ut too, so ragin' omad I was. 'IMy collar-bone's bruk,' sez he. 'Help me back to lines. I'll walk wid her no more.' So I helped him back." "And was his collar-bone broken 1 " I asked, fdr I fancied that only Learoyd could neatly accomplish that terrible throw. " He pitched on his left shoulder-point. It was. Next day the news was in both barracks, an' whin I met Dinah Shadd, wid a cheek like all the reg'mintal tailors' samples, there was no ' Good mornin', corp'ril,' or aught else. ' An' what have I done, Miss Shadd,' sez I, very bould, plantin' mesilf forninst her, 'that ye should not pass the time of day?" " 'Ye're half-killed rough-rider Demp. sey,' sec she, her dear blue eyes fillin' up. "'May be,' sez I. 'Was he friend av yours that saw ye home four times in a fortnight ? ' "'Yes,' sez she, Very bould, but?her mouth was down at the corners. 'An' an' what's that to you?' "'Ask Dempsey,' sez I, purtendin' to go away. "' Did you fight for me then, ye silly man ?' she sez, tlho' she. knewut all along. 'Who else ?' sez I, an' I tuk wan pace to the front. " 'I wasn't worth ut,' soz she,-fingerin' in her apron. " ' That's for me to say,' sez I. Shall I say ut?' 'Yes,' sez she in .a saint's- whisper, an' at that I explained mesilf; aitd she tould me what ivry man that is a man, an' many thlat is a woman, hears wanst in his life. " 'But what made ye cry at startin', Dinah darlin' ?' scz I. " ' Your--your bloody cheek,' soz she, duckin' her little head.down on my sash (1 was duty for the day) an' whimperin' like a sorrowful angel. " Now a man cud take that two ways. I tuk ut as pleased me best an' my first kiss wid ut. MIother av Innocence ! but I kissed her on the tip av the nose an' undlier the eye, an' a girl that lets a kiss comne tumble-ways like that has never been kissed before. Take note of that, sorr. Thin we wint hand in hand to ould bMotherShadd like two little childhier, an' she said it was no bad thing, an' ould Shadd nodded behind his pipe, an' Dinah ran-away to her own room. That day I throd on rollin' clouds. All earth was too small to hould me. Begad, I cud ha' picked the sun out av the sky for a live coal to my pipe, so magniificent I was. But I tuk recruities at squad-drill', an' began with geieral battalion advance whin I shud ha' been balance-steppin' em. Eyah ! that day I that day ! " A very long pause. "Well?" said I. " It was all wrong," said Mlulvaney, with an enormous sigh. "An' sure I know that ev'ry bit av it was my own foolishness. That' night I tuk, maybe, the half av three pints--not enough to turn the hair of a man in hIis natural senses.: But I was more than half drunk wid pure joy, an' that canteen beer was so muchl whisky to mie. I can't tell how it came about, but bekazce I hlid no thought for anywan except Disih, bekaze I hadn't slipped her little .white arms from miy neck ifive minutes, bekaze the breath of ;her kiss was not gone from my mouth, I inust go through the married lines on smy way to quarters an' I must.stay., talkin :to a red headed Maullengar heifer. av a girl, Judy Sheehy, that was daughter to Mothler Sheehy, the \wifd of Nick. Sheehy, the canteen-sergint---the black curse av Shie lyghl be on thle whole brood that are above groun' this day ! (To be coenitiuoedl.) ... 