LITERARY NOTES. Uar/ert Magazine for October contains several readable papers, though there is no particularly striking contribution. Mr. G. T. Curtis gives a few interesting reminiscences of N. P. Willi s and Lydia Maria Child, two American writers, once well known but now almost forgotten. Willis was a literary dandy of the fiist water, who drove a "chaise," with "a tall, high-stepping bay, ob showy as his master." Mrs. Chili), who married an impecunious lawyer, lived in very humble style. Mr. Curtis says-"She kept no ser vant, ond did her own cooking. She had prepared a savoury dish, consisting of a meat pie, perhaps mutton, baked in a small oven, and there were roasted or baked potatoes, ond a baked Indian pudding. There was no dessert and no wine, no beverage of any kind but water, not even a cup of tea or coffee." llow many of the lite rary ladies of to-day would be content to live in this t ash ion? Yet, strange to say, Mm. Child's life was not an unhappy one. "Nights at Newatead Abbey" is the title of an article by Mr. Jonqain Miller, whose Sont/s of the Skiras, which appeared some years ago, were hailed as tbe work of a poet of -great promise, though latterly he has dropped into the background. The Abbey, which in chiefly famous for having been the home of Lord Byron, now belongs to Colonel Webb, the companion of Dr. Livingstone; and Mr. Miller was recently a guest there, and slept in a room supposed to be haunted, without seeing any ghost. The American writer is a great admirer of Byron's poetry, and calls "Childe Harold" the "greatest poem of our language." Mr. Theodore Child contributes an interesting paper on "Agricultural Chili," being a fur ther instalment of his South American travels. Mr. W. D. Howells, who writes the monthly article called the " Editor's Study," loses no opportunity ot unfavourably con trasting the English fiction of to-day with that produced by bis own countrymen. Mr. Rudyatd Kipling is pronouunced to be a new tad, only a little better than the old fad, Itider Haggard. Effete Philistinism is, he tells ua, the se-thetic condition ot the English. In another place he says" The thine that ought to be will be vainly asked, however, of the English of Soulier Britain, or of any part of the English race which her bad taste ran deprave." In marked contrast I to this decadence ol English fiction is that of the more artistic Continental writers, and of the Americans, who " breathe a rarefied and nimble air, full cf shining possibilities and radiunt premise?, which the log-und-soot clogged lungs of those less-favoured islanders struggle in vain to fill themselves with." The inference from all this, though it is not actually stated, we take to be that there are no writers of fiction like unto Messrs. Howells ar.d James and their followers. Is 'I he Hailw.iyx of America, an exhaustive work on the construction, development, and management of the liues of the United States, there are some good stories. One relates how a Texas jury gave damages against a company became a stationraaster'a wite had given the plaintiff, a tramp, a dinner which had disagreed with bim. In another the conductor who lost time with an excursion train on the 4th of July explained that the hot weather had elongated the rails. Jlavp'ra Young People, of which we have received the October number, is a wonder fully cheap periodical lor sixpence, contain ing 80 pages of matter with numerous excel lent wood-cuts and a coloured plate. Among the contributors are several leading Ameri can writers, such as Mr. W. D. Howells and Me. H. 1L Boyesen. 