THE TRAMP'S RETURN. Back from the highway the lindens wave Their stately leaves in the deepening light. Behind them rises a moss-grown roof, Like a lone grey ghost in the misty night. No home-light gleams through the broken pane; No house-dog watches the open door ; No voices warble a sweety refrain ; No patter of footsteps across the floor. Lone and deserted the old house stands, In shadowy grief by the linden, trees. The night-birds flit through the silent rooms, Where softly enters the evening breeze. But where are the voices whose joyous sound Made merry each rafter and window pane f Where are the dear ones who watched with love . The steps that pattered a sweet refrain ? One by one they were garnered in To the fold of the tender Shepherd's care; Who keeps from danger and free from sin \- , All who are gathered and waiting there. Until of the number who there did dwell, With careless laughter, many and free ; But three were left in the cottage grey 'Neath the moss-grown roof and the linden tree. Father and mother aud youngest bom Alone were left 'neath the old roof- tree ; Alone they wept o'er the pulseless forms ; — - - - — ! could see. Who are his friends and where ia his home? Where is ho going to-night so late ? Only a tramp ? to be dimmed of men ; Homeless and friendless: hungry and poor Why does he pause in the misty light, And sadly look towerd the cottage door Onlff a tramp t to be scoffed at and jeered, And driven with loathing from door, to door, •„:>•. Moneyless, homeless, friendless, and lone ; Homesick and weary, heartbroken and (bdyTirainp ! with a groan of despair, He tremblingly opens the broken gate ; And fieh through Hie awful stillness there Ttmt hehas returned, alas! too fate! No loving voice welcomes the tramp's return As foewy be totters towards the door. Fatherless, motherless, homeless and lone; TinBdand discouraged; friendless and poor. Kb one topity him; nose to forgive; Ko one to succour him; -none to caress; No o»e to care for him ; sick and alone; God pity the tramp in his homdeameu. _Bmsar Basra? Desbxobb, in JSfcmf Wvrid. 