BEATRICE A NEW AND THRILLING TALE, .QHAPTEB XXIIL—ICentAuud.) BY RIDER HAGGABD Author of "She" "King Solomon's Mines," etc., etc., etc. Ah, Beatrice, with all your brains you could never learn those simple principles necessary to the happiness of woman ; principles inherited through a thousand generations: of savage and semi-civilized ancestresses. To aoeept the situation and the master that situation brings with it—this is the golden rule of well-being. Not to put out the hand of jour affection furtner than- you c&n; draw it back, this is ani)fheK at least not until yoa are quute lurl niatits object Is well 1 within your grasp. If by misfortune, or the anger of the Fater, yon are endowed with those deeper qualities, those extreme capacities of self-sacrificing aSeotion, such as ruined.your happiness,Beatrice keep them in stock ; do. not expose them to the world. The world doos not believe in them; they are inoonvenidnt and undesirable; they are even immoral. What the world wants, and very rightly, in a person of your attractiveness is quiet domesticity of character, not the exhibition of attributes which, though they might qualify you for the rank of heroine in a Greek drama, are howsidays only likely to qualify, you for the reprobation of society. What ? you would rather keep your love, your reprehensible love which never can be satisfied, and bear its slings and arrows, and die hugging a shadow to 'your heart, straining your eyes into the darkness of that beyond whither you shall go—murmuring with your pale lips, that there you wul find reason and fulfilment? Why it is folly. What ground have you to suppose that you will find anything of the sort ? Go and take the opinion of some scientific person of eminence upon this infatuation of yours and those vague visions of glory that shall be. He will explain it dearly enough, will show you that your love itself is nothing but a natural passion, acting, in your case, on a singularly sensitive and etherealised organism. Be frank with him, tell him of your secret hopes. He will smile tenderly, and show you how these also are an emanation from a craving heart, and the innate superstitions of mankind. Indeed he will laugh and illustrate the absurdity of the whole thing by a few pungent examples of what would happen if these earthly affections could be carried beyond the grave. Take what you can now will be the burden of his song, and for goodness' sake do not waste your precious hours in dreams of a To Be. Beatrice, the world does not want your spirituality. It iB not a spiritual world ; it has no clear ideas upon the subject—it pays its religious premium and works o£E its aspirations at its weekly church-going, and would think the person a fool who attempted to carry theories of celestial union into an earthly rule of life. It can sympathise with Lady Honoria; it can hardly sympathise with you. And yet you will still choose this better part: you will still " live and love, and lose." With blinding tears and passionate beseeching, And outstretched arms through empty silence reaching." Then, Beatrice, have your will, sow your seed of tears, and take your chance. Tou may find that you were right and the worldlings wrong, and yon may reap a harvest beyond the grasp of their .poor imaginations. And if you find that they are right and you are wrong, what will it matter to you who sleep? For of this at least you are sure. If there is no future for sueh earthly love as yours, tlien indeed there is none for the children of this world and all their troubling. CHAPTER XXIV. LAST HOKOBU. TAKES THE FIELD. GEOFFEEY hurried to the Vicarage to fetch his baggage and say good-bye. He had no time for breakfast, and he was glad of it, for he could not have eaten a morsel to save his life. He found Elizabeth and her father in the sitting-room. "Why, where have you been this wet morning, Mr. Bingham?" said Mr. Granger. " I have been for a walk with Miss Beatrice; she is coming liome by the 'village," he answered. " I don't mind rain, and I wanted to get as much fresh air as I could before I go back to the mill. . Thank you—only a cup of tea—I will get something to eat as I go." "Howkind of him," reflected Mr. Granger; no doubt he has been speaking to Beatrice again about Owen Davies." " Oh, by the way," he added aloud, "did you happen to hear anybody : moving in the house last night, Mr. Bingham, j ust when the storm was at its height r First of all a door slammed so violently that I got up to see what it was, and as I came down the passage I could almost have sworn that I saw something white go into the spore room. But my candle went out and by the time that I had found a light there ynl& nothing to be seen." A clear case of ghosts," said Geoffrey indifferently. It was indeed a " case of ghosts," and they would, he reflected, haunt him for many a day. " How very odd," put in Elizabeth vivaciously, her keen eyes fixed intently on his face. " Do yon know I.thought that I twice saw the door of our room open and shut in tbe most mysterious fashion. I think that Beatrice must have something to do with it; she is so uncanny in her ways." Geoffrey never moved a muscle, he was trained to keep bis countenance, Only he wondered how much this woman knew. .She must be silenced somehow. " Excuse mfe for 1 changing subject," he said, " but my time is short, and I have none to spare to hunt the good title fur somebody. Mr. Granger, I believe that I may speak of busineasmatters before Miss Elizabeth?" *' Oertainly, Mr. Bingham," said the tdergyman > u Elizabeth is my right hand, and has the best business head in Bryngelly." Geoffrey reflected that this was very idenVttnd went on. " I only want to gay this! H you get into any further difficulties with your rascally tithepayers, mind and let me know. I shell always bn glad to help you while I can. And now fiauBt be going." ' > He spoke thus for two reasons. First naturally enough, he meant to make it his business to protect Beatrice from the pressure ol poverty, and well knew that it would be useless to offer her direct assistance. Secondly, he wished to, shpwj Elizabeth that it would not bis 1 to the fadvantage: of, her family to quarrel with him. tf she had seen a ghost, perhaps this fact would make her reticent on- the subject. He, did not know that she was playing a much bigger rame for her own i band, hand, a game of 'whii& the stokes were thousands a year, and that she was moreover mad with jealousy and what, in such a woman, must pass for love. Elisabeth msde no comment on his offer, and before Mr. Granger's profuse thanks were nearly finished, Geoffrey was gone. Three weeks passed at Bryngelly, and Elizabeth still held her hand. Beatrice, pale and< spiritless, went about her duties as usual. Elizabeth never spoke to her in any sense that could awaken her SUB-. picions,' and the ghoBt story was, or appeared to be, pretty well forgotten. But at lust an event occurred that caused Elizabeth to determine to take the firid. One day she met Owen Davies walking along the beach in the semi-insane way which he now affected. He stopped, and without farther ado, plunged into conversation. " I can't bear it any longer," he said, wildly, throwing up his arms. "I saw her yesterday, and she cut me short before I could speak a word. I have prayed for patience and it won't come to me, only a Voice seemei to say to me that I must wait ten days more, ten short days, and then, Beatrice, my beautiful Beatrioe, would be my wife at last." "If you go on in this way, Mr. DavieB, said Elizabeth sharply, her heart filled with'jealous anger, "you will soon be off your head. Are you not ashamed of yourself for making such a fuss about a girl's pretty face ? If you want to get married, marry {somebody " le." " Marry somebody else," he said dreamily! " I don't know anybody else whom I could many, except you, and ysu are not Beatrice." "No," answered Elisabeth angrily, "I should hope that I have more sense, and if you wanted to marry me you would have to set about it in a different way to-, this. I am not Beatrice, thank Heaven, but I am her bister, and I want you aB a friend to be careful. Supposing that Beatrice were not worthy of you, yon would not wish to marry her, would you ?" Now Owen Davies, like most other people who had the privilege of her acquaintance, was at heart somewhat afrai! of Elizabeth. Also, apart from matters connected with his insane passion, he was very fairly shrewd. He suspected Elizabeth of something, he did not know of what. "No, no, of course not," he said. " Of course I would not marry her if she was not fit to be my wife—but I must know that first, before I talk of marrying anybody else. Good afternoon, Miss Elizabeth. It will soon be settled now; it cannot go on much longer now. My prayers will be answered, I know they will." " Tou are right there, Owen Davies," thought Elizabeth, as she looked after him with ineffable bitterness, not to say contempt. "Tour prayers shall be answered in a way that will astonish you. Tou shell not many Beatrice, and you shall marry me. The fish has been on the line long enough, now I must begin to pull in." Curiously enough it never really occurred to Elizabeth that Beatrice herself might prove to be the true obstacle to the marriage she plotted to prevent. She knew that her sister was fond of Geoffrey Bingham, but that, when it came to the point, she would absolutely allow her affection to interfere with so glorious a success in life she never for one moment believed. Of course die thought that it was possible that if Beatrice could get possession of Geoffrey she might prefer to do so, but failing him, judging from her own low and vulgar standard,. Elizabeth was convinced that she would take Owen. It did not seem possible that what was so precious in her own eyee might be valueless and even hateful in those of her sister. As for that little midnight incident, well, it was one thing and marriage another. People forget such events when they marry; sometimes they even marry in order to forget them. Tes, she mast strike, tut how ? Elizabeth had feelings like other people, She did not mind ruining her sister and rival, but die would much prefer that it should not be known that hers was the band to cut her down. Of course, if the worst came to the worst, she must do it. Meanwhile, might not a substitute be found—somebody in whom the act would seem not one of vengeance, but of virtue ? Ah! she tad it: Lady Honoria! Who could be better for such a purpose than the cruelly injured wife ? But then how should she communicate the facte to her ladyship without involving herself? Again the hit upon a device much favoured by such people—"unvieux true mais tonjonrs bon "—the pristine one of an anonymous letter, which hss the startling merit of not committing anybody to anything, An anonymous letter, to ail appearanoe written by a servant: it was Ae very thing! Most Ukely it would result • in . a searching inquiry by lady Honoris, in which eventJElizabeth would of course, against her will, be forced to say what she knew; almost certainly it would reeult in a quarrel between tbe former to show bis hand, or even to take some open step as regards Beatrice. She was sorry for Geoffrey, against whom ehe had no ill-feeling, but it could not be helped; he must be sacrificed. < That veiy evening ehe wrote ber letter and sent it to be posted by an old servant living in London. It s a masterpiece in its way, especially phonetically. .This preciouB epbtle, which was most- exceedingly ill writ in a large coarse hand, ran thus: . " MY unt,—My consence drnvs me to it, much again my Will. I've tried hard, my ladi, not to speek, first accorse of miss B. as i heve knowed good and peur aud also for the sakes of your evil uBband that wulf in sheeps cloathin. But when think on yon my ladi a lorefhl lege!. ^ gad and virijis and peur an& of theltiim to i hlr seen ^hich iB enough to _ blush to the face of a stater, 1 knows it is my holy dooty to rite your ladishipp as follers. Tour ladishipp forgif me bnt on the nite of whittsnndey last Miss B. Grainger wint after midnite inter the rooin of your bad usband—as I was to mi shim ther to se. Afterward more nor an hour,, she cum out agin beiu carried in hit harme*. And if your ladbhipp dont believ me, let yonr ladishipp rite to miss elizbeth, as had this same misfortune to see as yonr tru trend, In due course this charming anony mouB letter reached Lady Honoria, bearing a London post-mark. She read and re-read it, and soon mastered its meaning. Then, after, a night's thought, she took the " Biter's " advice and wrote to Elizabeth, sending Ler a copy of the letter (her own), vehemently repudiating all belief in it, and aeking for a reply that should dissipate this foul slander from her mind for ever. The answer came by return. It was short and artfnl. "Dear Lady Honoria Bingham," it ran, " Tou miiBt forgive me if I decline to answer the questions in your letter. Tou will easily understand that between a desire to preserve a sister's reputation and an incapacity (to be appreciated by every Christian) to speak other than the truth —it is possible for a person to be placed in the most cruel of positions—a position whioh I am sure will command even your sympathy, though under such circumstances I have little right to expect any from a wife believing herself to have been cruelly wronged. Let me add that nothing short of the compulsion of a court of law will suffice to unseal my lips as to the details of the circumstances (which are, I trust, misunderstood) alluded to in the malicious anonymous letter of which you enclose a copy." That very evening, as the Fates would have it, Lady Honoria and her husband had a quarrel. As usual, it was about Effie, for cu most other subjects they preserved an armed neutrality. Its details need not be entered into, but at last Geoffrey, who was in a sadly irritable condition of mind, fairly lost his temper. " The fact is," he said, " that you are not fit to look after the child. Tou only think of yonrself, Honoria." She turned on him with a dangerous look upon her cold and handsome face. " Be careful what you say, Geoffrey. It is you who are not fit to have the charge of Effie. Be careful lest I take her away from you altogether, aB I can if I like." What do you mean by that threat? he asked. " Do you want to know ? Then I will tell you. I understand enough law to be aware that a wife can get a separation from an unfaithful husband, and what is more, can take away his children." Again I ask you what you mean," said Geoffrey turning cold with anger. " I mean this Geoffrey. That Welsh girl is your mistreBB. She passed the night of Whit- Sunday in your room, and waB carried from it in your arms. " It is a lie," he said; she is nothing of the sort. I do not know who gave you this information, but it is a slanderous lie, and somebody shall suffer for it" 1 Nobody will suffer for it, Geoffrey, because you will not dare to stir the matter up—for the girl's' sake it not for your own. Can you deny that you were seen carrying her in your arms from your room on Whit-Snnday night ? Can you deny that you are in love with her ?" ' And supposing that I am in love with her, is it to be wonderod at, seeing how you treat me and have treated me for years ?" he answered furioudy. " It is utterly false to say that she is my mistress." ' Tou have not answered my question," said Lady Honoria with a smile of triumph. " Were you seen carrying that woman in your arms and from your room at the dead of night ? Of course it meant nothing, nothing at all. Who would dare to asperse the character of this perfect, lovely and intellectual schoolmistress ? I am not jealous, Geoffrey " ' I should think not, Homoria, seeing how things are." I am not jealous, I repeat, bnt please understand that I will not have this go on in yonr own inteicsts and mine. Why, what a fool you must be. Don't yon know that a man who has risen, aB you have, has a hundred enemies ready to spring on him like a pack of wolves and tear him to pieces ? Why, many even^of those who fewn upon yon and flatter you to your face, hate you bitterly in secret, because you have succeeded when they have failed. Don't you know also that there are papers here in London which would give hundreds of pounds for the chance of publishing such a scandal as this especially against a powerful political opponent. Let it once come out that this obscure girl is your mistress " " Honoris, I tell yon she is nothing of the sort. ,It is trne J carried her from my room in a feinting fit, but she came there in her sleep." {To he Continued.) " Why dp American Hop Bitten (aire so mnchf" " Because they'give good digestion, rich blood, and faea]thy action of all tlie crgani." s " THE BITER." 