/. " : / ; _ A BORM COftUETTE. , . -v V. . W BY MRS. HUNGERFORD. . AUTHOnOPf'MdLLYBAWh%,V'?ttn-lus1V''IiADIrJ bbaxkbmkrk." " This Ddoiiess," kc. . ; , llJ. J— IV. '.v All Rights Reserved. Chapter XXIV. " And slio was flattered, worshipped, bored." " Oh ! Rono — yes, " says Noil wearily; "Iwish ; I could soy. for good." "But. are you suro, certain. I thought she would ask to see me again. You saw her . " Arrab, Miss, didn't yo hear her go? " asks : Mr. Murphy, who has been giving the battered old pieces of silver a sovero cleaning, oud ia now replacing some of them upon the sideboard. " Faix, the clatther o' them ridikulus shoes ov hers goin' down the steps a nunnit since would have wakod tho seven sleepers wero they snorin'." " She's gone, indeed, for a season," says Nan, discontentedly, "after being about as disagree able as ever si ia could be. Such a temper. And . all bccauso she is afraid her bonnet will bo spoiled. I never mot anyone whoso remarks . arc so full of tho most exercrably had taste. . And tho worst of it is wo have got to enduro her. No liopo of escape. I wish," with a halt > comic sigh, "that somebody would run away . with her." A chuckle from the veteran at tho sideboard : here attracts thoir attention. " Run away wid her, is it ?" says ho. " Feg3. yo needn't think yo'll get rid of hor that way. Devil a bit fnrthor any dacent man would get wid her than tho first lamp post, anyhow." "Did she say anything more about me?" questions l'cnolope, anxiously. " No. Sho confined tho rest of hor conversa tion to a treatise on the perfection of Mr. Hume. Sho wont away indignant, bccauso I failed to ... U <u.a mi' ilntv tst rnnrrv Ittm aimnlv nn account of his being richer than his neigh bors." "Did sho spiko to you liko that. Faix, quare as she is, sho has glimmers o' sinso some times," says Sir. Blurphy, addressing an anoiont candelabrum. "I don't bclievo she's got one bit of con science," goes on Nan, hotly, "to try and induco mc to marry a man I don't care a pin about. It is disgraceful of hor. Just because sho married for monoy lierBclf she thinks all the world should go and do likewise." "Mercenary old thing? says Gladys.; "You aro quito right, never listen to a word " sho says." , - "Oh, wisha ! Miss Gladys. May tho saints give yo wisdom ! " mutters Murphy, holding up his hands and tlio mustard pot in dismay. " I really begin to hate Mr. Hume," says ; Nan, with a little frown; " I hear nothing but . his nnmc, morning, noon and night. , Ono would think Uo was tho last man let t alive. t "Poor Sir. llume ! It is a nliame to vjsit all this on him," says I'eiKhipe, gently. Aftor all it is not bis fault, and surely he is very much to bo liked." "More power to ye, Miss Penelope," says Mr. Murphy to tho salver. 44 Now there goes wan raisonablc girl, tho heavens bo praised !" "No, ho isn't," says Nan, fractiously, mindful of last evening's skirmish with tliat young man. 'He is both conceited and masterful. I can't bear him. I wish that horrid old uncle of his was alive, and then we should not be annoyed by bis presence here." '.'He's a very kind man," says Penelope reproachfully. "Indeed, Nan, I think tho only fault you see in hiin is that he is in love with you." "Yes, really now, Nan, you must confess ho is good nntured," said Gladys. "And as to tho fact of his loving you being considered a fault, mil, that's a harsh way of looking at things." "I wish a fow moro people with his fault would come down here," says Penelope, laugh ing, "that is if I might bo the object of their failing." "I wish you were Mr. Hume's objeot," declares Nan, petulantly; "I confess I am tired to death of him— his name, his place, his money, bis distinctly ugly face." \- "Pegs an' all, Miss Nan, ye ought to bo ashamed o' yerself," says Mr. Murphy, laying down the cruetstand with a bang. "There's Providence has thrown the biggest bit o' luck that iver camo to Hathmoro into yor lap, and ye're that ungrateful that ye're a'most past proving for." %xEt iu Brute cries Nan, turning upon him, not angrily, however, quite joyously. That she is amused is apparent, and this quick change in her from dospondcucy to mirth is itaxdly taken notice of by the others, so rapid nxe ever her transitions from mood to mood. She stands now silently looking at Murphy, as though inviting him to enter the lists and battle it out with her, but that wary old warrior, not understanding her war-cry, wisely refrains from making answer to it. A dim belief (born of her late truculent demeanor) that she has called him a brute is the one idea her words have conveyed to him. "You arc as bad as Aunt Julia," says Nan, nodding her head at him. " I behove you, too, are devoid of conscience." " Oh , don't say that, me dear. Don't ye, now, Miss Nan. I've always lived a quiet an' peace able life, an' there's no man can pint the finger o' scorn at me. 'Tis all foryer own good I spake, me dear, an' that "—solemnly — "yo know. A bad conscience is a bad thing, "says Mr. Murphy, irith deep meaning. "An' of no service to anyone. Yell mind Mike O'Rafferty, Miss Penelope ? Him as buried the wife a month ago ?" " Ye«, tho saddler's man," says Penelope. The same, Miss. Well — hero's now for a rale bad conscience for ye ! Herself wasn't cowld in the gravo a fortnight or less, when Mike began courtin' afresh that girl o' the Dono- vans, all for the sake o' the pig an' the feather bed that belongs to her. Yckoowhortoo, Miss, don't ye ? A fat latherrawn of a girl widdout a word to throw to a dog. Well, anyhow, that's her picther, an' Mike thought good o' malrin' her an' the pig his own. But, fegs, Miss, the wife, ye may he sure, bad a word to say about that, though her lodgin' was on the cowld ground. There was no fear she'd stand bein' desarted in sick a powerful hurry; an' tho long an' the abort of it is that she appeared to him 1" t "Nonsense, Murphy, says Nan. "Oh !" Hinging wide his arms. "Divil a lie Init! Up she throttcd from the chapol yard an' stood up sthraight an' tall bo his bedside. As euro as the day came that he wint to coort Moll Donovan, that night herself would come, an' stand over him in tho dead pitch blackness." " But then how did ho see her?" asks Pene lope. "Oh, me dear, sure yo kuow that spcrits brings a light always aloug o' tbim. An awful light, 'twould rnako ye screech to see. For all the world like the shine yo'd make wid a lucifer match before sthrikin' it altogether." " Murphy, don't ; you are making mo creep," cries Nan, so tragically that the old man be lieves her. i " Give us the third volume, Murphy," says Gladys, who is honestly interested. " Has lie given up Moll, and gone back to his first alle giance ?" " Faix, no, me dear. Tis he's the cunning ©ban ! He's found a wav for himself out of his throublo, an' diddled tho ould woman com- piately. He still keeps on at tho shop in the oay time, but for the night Iio's taken a bedroom over Con. Callaghan's stables, an' there he Bleeps in clover. Dickens a bit o' tho wife could find him ivor since. He's done her entirely for this turn. Did yo iver hear o' sich a knowin' blagguard? An' wouldn't ye havo thought now, Miss Nan, that a ghost would bo moro clever than that? To lot herself be outwitted be a mere mortial. Look at the power o' throvellin,' Miss, she must havo dono for tho post month, an' the sights sho's seen. Glory be— 'tis surprisin' how advantages is thrown nway upon some people." "The village is small, she may find him yet," says Nan, consolingly. " Well, they do say, Mies, that she's on her rounds. There's been a lot of pinchin' and pokin' felt by tho folks at night during tho past week. Thero was Mary Maguiro found yellin' fit to kill herself the other morning at daybreak, an! when they asked her what ailed her at all, at all, she said she felt the big too nail bein' clean dragged off her by Mrs. O'Rafferty. Tho Saints protect us ! But isn't it a cruel thing, Bliss, that the innocent should suffer for the guilty ? However there's one comfort," says Murphy, piously, 44 the hirin' of that bedroom ivery night is costing him a purty ponny." "Hero's Mr. Humo driving up to the door," cries Gladys, lookingoutof tho window. "Is he come for you, Nan V "Yes, be said he'd drive mo to Glandorc. Thero, run aud talk to him while I put on my hat," says Nan, dying out of tho room. Chapter XXY. "Like ghost", pale drifts of mouruful light .Stretch in the west, and on the night Look with sad faces, wan and white." Long before Humo aud Miss Delaney havo re&ohed; Gluudore, the latter lias regained hor normal frame of mind, tliat happy framo that, as. a rule, renders her tho most delightful of companions. Of all the Dolanoys — and they aro as happy-go-lucky a people as you could find — sho is the gayest, tho merriest, the most likely to adapt herself to any circumstances, howevor untoward, that might faU to her lot. The swift rushing through tho air— chilly, ns if in anticipation of some coming change— behind tho two high stepping baya, raises her spirits to suoh an altitude that the past worries of the morning fade into insignificance and Bcem indoed scarce worthy of a thought. Lighter jthan thistledown they now lio upon her memory. (Trotting tho horses with rather reckless Bpoed flown that steop little hill that leads to the pier, Sumo brings them up then smartly, aud tho tlingey being in readiness, Nan and he are rowed jmstoss to tho Zephyr, to find that though al- jfbody very late as to tho fixed hour of appoint- jnont they aro tho first arrivals. "Dirty looking weather, sir, I'm afraid," says tho Captain— Gregson— speaking to Hume over Nan's shoulder, as hegives her bis band uj> the ladder. "Oh, come, Mr. Gregson, you musn't say that," cries Nan; gaily, "lam hero to enjoy myself, and you won't bo the one to prevent mo, will you ?" Sho beams upon tho Captain as sho says this with such delicately flushed cheeks, and deep appealing eyes, than no man with half a heart could resist licr. "No, Miss. No, indeed, Miss Dclanoy. It's true I've seen worse days than this turn out very well towards evening." "Then this evening?" asks Nan, anxiously, " you think it will bo lovely— eh ?" "It may, Miss ; it may indeed," says Gregson, refusing to let his conscience havo fair play. How can he damp tho spirits of this protty young lady, who is plainly depending upon him to let her havo a pleasant aftornoon. If Bho has chosen to elect him as her clerk of tho weather for this special day, is ho to bo the one to refuse to do her allegiance? From the first hour on wliioh sho had stepped aboard his employer's yacht, now souio weeks ago, ho had succumbed to her charms— to her gentle friendly way of treating him and all the othor sailors. "Mr. Leslie's party not come yet?" sayB Hume, moro as a remark than a question. " No, sir ; not as yet. Something's kept them, I suppose." The something, whatover it is, keeps them so long that at last it dawns upon the minds of those waiting for them on board tho yacht that, in all probability, they do not mean to come at &1L "Too bad if they have really thrown us over," says Hume, coming up to Nan, after a brief consultation with Gregson, who has just given it as his opinion that tho Leslies are weather wiso folk. "You think they wont como thon?" sayB Nan, in|a disappointed tone. " Well, you soo it is growing late." "But not so very late. It is only because tho day is dark that it looks so like evening." Tho disappointment is growing more intense. "You see— Gregson says — ho believes they mistrust the day." As ho says this ho is con scious of a feeling that he is in fault somehow. " Really ? Oh 1 how horrid of them ! Just like Jack' Leslie; such a girl of a man, always afraid of a wet jacket. And," defiantly, "it isn't going to rain either." " There are worso things than rain ! I don't fancy," smiling, "he was afraid of that or of anything, indeed, beyond the fact that I should'nt take out the yacht. Gregson says—." "Gregson says it will bo a grand evoning," says Nan, promptly. "I asked him about it and he said that. If Jack wasn't afraid of his jacket he was afraid of sea sickness. There is," with n steady look at him, "nothing else to fear. Even if — outside there" — pointiug to the sea outside the harbor, "it should be a little rough, who cares about that ?" Who, indeed, with thoso large dark entreating eyes fixed on his ? But then'tfae defalcation of the Leslies has left her without a chapcrone. Could ho possibly— no matter how keenly sho may desire this sail that he can give her, and he alone— could he possibly take her out with him, and keep her away from her friends for so many hours, without another woman, without . No, it is not to be thought of ! Here he turns to say ho, as gently as he can, and once more meets her questioning eyes. Tliey aro growing almost pathetic now. Whereupon he steels his heart. No ; certainly it is not to be thought of for a moment. Those earnest beseeching eyes still hold him. Well— at all events — if it is to bo thought of — ; it is to be thought of for a long time first ! "I'm 30 distressed about it all," lie says, Bitting down beside her, and looking really unhappy. " To think you should have had your tiring drive hero all for nothing. " "But why for nothing ?" "-Because I suppose I mu3t now take yon home again." " Oh, don't say that," says Nan, her eyes fill ing with tears. "Must I go home, and without oven ono delightful rush through tho waves ? Not oven ono sail 1 And it is so early yet. Could we not go out for even an hour or so ? Just," coaxiugiy, "for one little hour?" "After all, I don't see that it cotild make much difference," says Hume, Ho turns to Gregson, who is near — What about a short Bail, Gregson ? says he. " As you will, sir," says Gregson, and half an hour later sees them outside tho harbor running swiftly eastwards before a strong and ever increasing wind. They have passed Adam and Eve now — the two islands that stand at tho mouth of the harbor— and havo left them so far behind that the flocks of black divers perched on their heights look Ics3 like birds than rows of ragged edges of rock. "Like the teeth of a giant's comb," says Nan with a little laugh so full of purest enjoyment that it docs Hume's heart good to hear it. As she speaks Bho shakes out of her pro'.ty hair, the salt drops of Bpray that an admiring ocean has flung at her. " How youliko tho sea !" says Hume. " That is too poor a word ; I lovo it. Do you know," with a little touch of gravity that sits sweetly on hor, 44 I don't believe I should ever have grown quite strong again if it hadn't been for tbis yaoht, and thoreforo— kindly — for you. You remember when first you came, how miser able I was — how weak. All the spring and early summer I was laid low by tbat hateful fever, and then camo the first day on board this boat —out at sea, with tho fresh breeze blowing round rne, and the dish of the salt waves in my face, and the sweet, mild smell of tho Rea every where. Oh, it put new life into mo !" " Did it ?" says ho slowly. And then; a little quicker, " I wonder if you can guess at the newjifo you put into mo ?" He checks himself here, ashamed of himself. It is not tho time or placo to betray liis lovo for her. 41 Come down and havo some lunch," ho says abruptly, in as mattor-of-fact n tono as ho can conjure up at a moment when his heart is so tun or joyiui nope. Far out at sea the fishing boats can be seen ; somo near, some so many miles distant that they show but indistinctly against tho grey horizon, and ore half lost in a delicato cloud of mist. All seom, however, to bo malriug for homo oven thus early in the afternoon ; anu ono by ono they pass them by, tho Zophyr rushing over ouwards, making a perfect jucturo against dark green of tho ocean, with her whito sails shining like silver in tho sullon light. Past Milk-covo harbour now thoy go, and now Shcepscovo is loft behind, and they uro looking almost into Ross Bay, lying snugly botweon its two hills, and with tho spiro of Sr. Faughnan'o Cathedral— that most aucient of saints — rising high abovo tho grave-yard troes. Below is the coast guard station gloaming snow whito, over the verdant woods of Cregano mounting from sea to sky. And now all this is forgotten, and they havo loft bohind them not only Castlo Humo frowning down upon tho angry waves, but tho light-homo fct tho Galloy Head, that good friend to thoso 44 that go down to tho sea in Bldps, that do business in groat waters." Tho sea has grown tho color' of an ivy leaf, and hero and thero great bands of palest green lie between dark bordors. Tho sky is lowering, and soems as if it grow towards tho ocean, whilst tho swcot drifting mists of evening havo changed into a wild wet shower, mingled with a hoarse and rising gale of %rind that rushes through tho sails with angry doflant shrieks. Whilstfromthorookaand tiny inlets lying round, and now half hidden by tho clouds of foam that tho violent waters havo cast upwards to tho frowning heavens, thousands of sea-gulls riso, and with discordant cries fly inland as though scenting tho coming storm. And now— all at onco — with an awful sudden ness, tho evening dies, and night decends; within fivo minutes, or porhaps a littlo moro, the outlino of tho coast disappears, and dark ness settles on both sea and land. Tho whito wings of the terrified gulls vanish as if by magic, and as if by magic too, tho wliolo expanse of heaven seoras on fire— peal after peal of thunder rends tho air — a mighty wind lot loose, rushes across tho deop. Tho storm so long impending has at Iongth caught earth and water in its fierce embrace. Chapter XXYI. Thero sits a bird on every troo Sing helgh-ho I Thero sits a bird on ovory tree, And counts his lovo, as I do tiieo ; Sing heigh-ho. and heigh-ho t Young inaids must marry—. It is many hours later, and now long past midnight, yot still the storm is raging in all its fury. When first it burst upon them, Humo and Mr. Gregson had made an effort to run for Ross Bay, a wild thought that resulted in absolute failure, and now tho Zephyr is tearing onward through the heavy seas, otroining every nervo as might a living thing, to resist tho frenzy of the gale. Tho night is black as pitoh, tho heavens liko an inky cloud seems to hang close by, almost within reach of their hands, should they uplift them. Behind thom — far bohind them now— tho light from tho Galloy Head flashes out upon the darkness, the ono touoh of sympathy from those on land that reaches them. As the good yacht plunges into tho trough of tho seas, to riso again on each gigantic wave, this burning steadfast light seems to the anxious men on board like the grasp of a friendly hand. Now and again, too, brilliant streaks of lichtnine licht ud the scene, showinc? the hills and vales of the wild sea, and the curling snowy foam on tho top3 of the angry waves that havo hardly time to be blown away by the fierco wind, ero darkness falls again. Humo, taking advantage of a moment when thero seems to bo a lull in tho storm, runs down the stairs to tho saloon, to find Nan clinging to a sofa, pale, and with largo gleaming eyes. She compels herself to composure, howevor, and even conjures up a small smile to greet him. 44 Well, this can't go on for ever, that's one comfort," says the young man, sick at heart for her, because of that poor little miserable smile, yet speaking with an assumption of gaiety that ho hardly hopo3 can deceive her. 4 1 This storm is bound to go down before morning." 44 Morning 1" says she, in a low tone, a' voice so unlike her usual merry ono that ho almost starts. 44 Oh 1 surely, it should bo morning now." 44 Has it seemed so long," says Hume. 44 Oh, my poor girl, what a night it has been for you." 44 A night," says she, with another wan little smile. 44 Has it indeed been only ono night, or a whole year of nights pressed into one ? But," feverishly, 44 it must end soon. When will the day break? Tell mo that. What makes it so long in coming? Is it the storm that makes it Btillsodark?" Hume glances at tho clock to see it had stopped at 11.30. Evidently she had no idea of tho real time, and he finds now a difficulty in enlightening her, so many hours must still elapse before tho welcome daylight greets her. 44 Of course, such weather as this darkens everything," he says, evasively. 44 But why don't you lio down ? Why not try to sleep. In my cabin in there you might make yourself com fortable, and " 44 Oh, sleep T'-says she. 41 You think you couldn't, but you are so exhausted that you might sink into uucon-l sciou.mcss after a bit in spite of yourself. Do I try it." "To lie down would madden me," says she, ' slowly. 44 To be able to movo about is the only thing that helps me. To be alone is horrible, j Oh ! how long you were before you came down j now." She stops and turns her eyes intently upon him. 44 Shall wc bo drowned?" sho says J with a curious steadiness. i 44 Nonsense! Don't give place to such a1 thought. Nan, is that how youliave passed the j night— in such fear as that?" Involuntarily he mores closer to her, and takes her cold hand and , fircsscs it between both his own. 44 1 wish to' icavcn," ho says, remorsefully, 4 4 that I had; not brought you out to-day." 44 No use thinking about that now; and it wasn't your fault. I persuaded you against your bettor judgment. Besides," with a gentle glance, 44 if, as you say, there is really no danger why we may yet live to laugh at this hour, and when we get safely back to land, wc Ah, ah, what is that !" A resounding crash overhead. Pressing her back upon the sofa, he rushes on deck to find the mainmast has been carried away. This last touch of malice seems to mark the end of the storm ; it is plainly dying out. The sen, however, is still running mountains high, and the yacht, disabled as it is, fights with it but feebly. Overhead the dense blackness has lifted somewhat, and a star or two can bo dis tinctly seen. Notwithstanding these signs of approaching calm, the wind still blows a hurricane, and drives tho yacht before it at full speed. The men having cut frco the dismantled mast, tho boat onco again rights itself, and Hume, who, throughout the commotion, has seen be fore him shining out of tho darkness of the night the silent terrified eyes of Nan, and ro- raembercd, too, with what cruel waut of cere mony and sympathy ho had forced her back upon tho sofa and loft her — hurries down to her once more. The fear that ahoiniy have fainted there, alone, with no living Itaud to help her, has been haunting mm witn a persistency that has half unnerved him. But that she had been quite sensible of all the horrors of tho last hour is quite plain to him as ho enters the saloon. In ono moment ho can see that sho is still sitting on the sofa where he had loft her, but tho next— sho has risen, and rushed to him, and literally flung hcrsolf into his arms. "Nan!" says he, in a low voioo, almost choked. To have her here, in his arms, of her own accord 1 44 Oh 1 I am frightoncd— frightened 1" cries sho, with a gasp, and then Bho gives way alto gether, worn out by tho cruel strain of ail this past mighty unrelieved terror, and, laying hor head upon hi3 shoulder, eho bursts into passionato sobs. 44 Darling 1 darling !" whispors Hume, hold ing her to him, as though to provo to her that ho is Btrong enough to protect her against all hnrmB as in this supremo moment ho feels ho indeed is. "Tako oourage; tho worst is over. There is no longer any danger. Thero is not, I swear to you. Think I would I say that if I still believed otherwise. I thank God that fear of any kind is at nn end." But Nan still clings to him, her Blonder frame shaken by her sobs. 44 But what was that awful noiso?" Bho crios. 44 1 thought it was tho end ! Aud you— you left mo I Oh! It was honriblo to bo hero alone, without ft soul to toll m6 how long it would Km boforo I found mysolf struggling with tho cold water. You should not have left mo. I wonder I did not go mad. And now — oven now — if there is hope," shivering, 44 it seems to havo como too Into — I cannot grasp it. How many hours ago is it ?" 44 Scarcely ono, and I could not havo como sooner." . 44 Only one ! I can't remember how long ngo it seems sinco you loft mo, but, "sobbing freshly, "quite a terrible long time ngo at all events." As sho snys this sho tightens tho grasp of hor fingers on his arm, and presses closer to him, as though onco again overcome by tho tortures past. Humo, with a beating heart, lifts tho trembling hand and presses it to his lips. Alas ! for that one sweet moment when his arms encircled her, sho willing 1 And alas ! for tho wild, glad, mad belief that then entered into hira, that it was for lovo she had thus turned to him, in her fear and trouble 1 AU hor nervousness, sho cries out upon his breast, thinking of him only, poor child, if sho thinks at all — as a friend, a help — ono who will feel with and for her. A sense of protection in the support of his arm soothes her, and she is indoed so far weakened by all she has gone through that sho would havo clung to any friendly figure as she now clings to him. Ho is nothing to her beyond a fellow sufferer — a being, sufficiently well known and trusted ; let her cry aloud to him tho fear that has been con suming hor. But to him, hor tender recognition of him as a friend in time of trouble has had but one meaning. Surely she would not have thus como to hira, would not thus so sweotly havo surrendered herself had not her heart spoken. In her misery, her despair, her loneliness, she had rushed to him, had thrown herself gladly into his arms. The word 44 Gladly" he puts in with all modesty, yet with a sure, and certain, and thankful belief in tho truth of it. Ono fact alone escapes him, that in her fear there was no one else to whom sho could havo gone. 44 It will bo nil over soon," says he, gently; with ono hand he smoothes her rufiled hair, nut- ting it back from her burning forehead. Yet it is noticeable that in spito of this new joyful belief in her affection for him, he never attempts to kiss her. The pretty oval of her cheek lies clear ,to him, yet, though an almost unconquerable desire to press his lips to it urges him to the deed ho refrains. The very fact that she is his guest may have restrained him — or perhaps an unacknowledged, almost unknown doubt of that love of her for him, of which but now ho has assured himself. 44 Tho clouds nre breaking," he goes on presently. 44 Before I came down I saw a star or two, and though tho wind is still stroug wo no longer fear it. Come, now, that's good news, isu't it?" 44 Yes, if one dared believe it," says she, with a long drawn quivering sigh. 44 Tho last time you camo down you mado quite light of our peril, too, and yot it was then that that awful sound reached me. "What was it ? I felt the yacht tremble all through. I thought wo wore going down," she shudders. "Tho mam mast was. carried away just then." 44 The big mast! Oh! how can you say danger is At end? How," reproachfully, "can we ever get back to Glaudoro without it?" 44 "Well," says he, pausing as if to choose his words, 44 you must not think a mast is every thing. I promise you wc shall get to— to — laud without it." 44 1 don't think there is any use in your saying any more, thank you," says she, in a tono of humblo resignation. 44 1 know wo are going to bo drownod, I think I should rather bo prepared for it, than find myself all at once in the water without a second's warning. Tho shock would bo less, I think." 41 1 know what's tho mattor with you," says ho, brightly. 44 You aro hungry ; you aro worn out ; you want something to bring you up a rung | or two. Now, sit down hero, and hold on to the table while I get you somothing. " | He makes her sit down with all tho airs of a proprietor — unnoticed by her — but so delightful to him, that he feels his heart brimming over , with ccstacy. She is his, surely. This terriblo night — this tbrice. blessed night— has given her to him. His pulses aro beating wildly, ho can hardly restrain the content that is his : it is : with difliculty ho subdues the happy smile that | strives for mastery on his lips as ho openB a bottle of ohampagnc, and compels her to tako somo of it This, with a bisouit or two, is ollho f can induce her to take. 44 1 think I am too tired to eat," sayB sho at I last, with a weary little laugh. Tho champagne has so far dono her good, that sho hnB oonsented to regard their position as boing in ono dogroo outside tho jaws of death. 44 Thon you shall lio down," says he, still with tbat new delicious touch of authority in his wholo air. And Nan, too worn out to argue further, and in truth longing to roako welcome the sloop that is already weighing down her eyelids, follows him to the door of his cabin. 44 Good night," says ho, holding her hand for a moment. 44 Good morning," returns sho, with- a faint roturn of her old gaiety, pointing to tho stairs, down which tho first pale gleams of coming day aro stealing. 44 True, truo!"8ays Humo. 44 May it bo a happy one." Ho looks at her again, and lifting her hand, lays it upon his lips. Chapter XXVII. My tomples throb, my pulses boil,- I'm hick of song. The day has, indeed,1 broken as ho reaches tho deck ; a sullen morning, truly, but novcrtholess mostwolcomo — far more woloomo to thoso now watohing its dull uprising than havo been thou sands of its moro brilliant compeers. Across tho vast oxpanso of water, still angry, dying with rcluctauco into tho ordinary calm, as if grieving for last night's wild, glorious frenzy— tuviu owtiH it owm, uvuiuivus jJ4iiur, m>w iicre, now gono, now liore again, that finally reaolvos itself into a common daylight. Yon prey lines, That i lot tho clouds, aro messengers of day. A slight mist is falling, and a deadly ohill per vades tho air, but Humo, whoso soul is on lire, sees nothing of tho dreariness that marks the morn — feels nothing of its oold and discom fort. She had run to liim of her own nccord, had thrown hor arms around him! Sweet arms! Hear arms ! Hid tho wholo wide earth ever con tain a crcaturo so altogether lovely as is sho ? And sorely eho would not havo thus wholly abandoned herself to him had not hor heart pleaded for him. Ho is too blest— too happy 1 TUoro can bo no mistako either, for when ho olospod her to him she had not shrank from him ; nay, rather, Bho had olang tho closor, as though wolooming his protection. Was over man so fortunate ? Ho feels as if ha wanted to do somothing for ovorybody ho knows, so ho begins with the sailors, and determines to troble tho amount of thepresont ho would on an ordinary ocoasion havo mado thorn, over and abovo their wages, after an affair of this kind — a night in which thoy had battiod valiantly with doath and gained tho victory. This determination ho hold to, when all his circumstances had changed, and despair instead of joy was his. Presently the mist dears off a little and tho day grows moro distinot. Tho wind is still' tur bulent, and tho Zephyr, half dismantled, flics boforo it, as if exulting still in the victory gained ovor tho storm now dead. "Where aro wo, Grogson?" nsks Hume, who has boon lost in a happy rovcrio, hut brings him self back to tho present as ho sees tho captain approaching. "Nearer England than Iroland, sir, "says that taciturn porson. " Yes," says Hume, still a little dreamily, "Whore aro you making for?" " Milford, Bir. It's our best taok now," says the captain. " With this wind wc shall he thero by evening." "Evoning, "repeats Humo to himself. He has grown rather grave, and leaning over tho bul warks looks out to sea. It is well worth a look! Tho misthas vanished almost ns suddenly as it came, and tho clouds nbovo, parting slowly, heavily, a brilliant glorious gleam of early sunshino streams down upon tho foaming waves, gilding each crest with crimson. Spots of blood they scorn in tho quiok uncertain lights tbat tho heavens emit, the day being still in a half-hearted stato, grey now, and now crimson, and now yellow and crimson mingled in a glowing splendor. After all, in spite of its bad promiso, tho day is going to ho a glorious ono. Twice ho Imd gono down to seo if Nan is nwako, to find hor still wrapt in slumber— or at all cvonts to imagino licr so. Ho has grown positively nervous about her, and is for tho fourth or fifth timo battling with the fear that sho may bo dead through oxcoss of terror born of last night's mischances, when nbout 12 o'clock tho door of his cabin opens and Nan stops forth. Suoh a lovely Nan. A littlo dark beneath tho eyes perhaps, because of past anxiety, a littlo pale, for loss of sleep, a little melancholy about the lip3 because of tho uncertainty thnt still reigns in her bosom, hut a most beautiful sweet heart for all that. "At last !" says ho advancing towards licr. allulU UUUll llurCll v Ay oujo otto niwi <4 flickering smile. "I'lngludof it," says Hume. 44 It shows mo you slept at all events, and sleep you wanted. Veil— lias your Laziness given you an appe tite?" 44 That's not tho word," says slio laughing, 44 appetite is a small thing compared with tho demon that is devouring me. "What is there for breakfast? Something nice I hope, and a great deal of it. And . Oh," suddenly, and turning to him with a very earnest faco, 44 what I really waut to say to you is, that I am so glad tho storm is gono quite away. It is a beautiful morning, isn't it? Wc shall bo home again in no time." 44 Breakfast, sir," snys the steward behind them. Hume acknowledges his tidings with suspicious gladness. 44 Breakfast first— conversation afterwards," say s.he, leading Nan to a table, so dolicatoly spread that last night's storm seems nothing more than a passing and moat disagreeable nightmare. Hunger appeased, however — and this takes a reasonablo time— Nan's appetite being of tho distinctly healthy order — hor mind returns to actualities. 44 What o'clook is it now ?" asks sho, looking at Hume across tho cutlets. 14 Twelve." 44 So late ! What a fright they must be in at home.' Sho pauses as if a littlo Irightcned herself, and nowgoes on. 44 But they won't havo to waste much moro time on conjecture, will they ? "We shall be in tho harbor very boo'h now, shan't wo ?" Humo hesitates, She is so openly suro that thoy are on their homeward way, is so distinctly anxious that they should soon reach land, tbat his heart fails him when he dwells upon tho honest truth. It is an unfortunate hesita tion. 44 Very soon," says ho, not looking at hor. 44 But whatdoes that mean? Shall wo get into Glandoro by three? No? Four then? Half-past four ? Five ?" " I am afraid not, " slowly. 44 Oh, that is too bad," crio3 sho Impulsively 44 Aud I promised bo faithfully to meet him to day." Hume starts as if shot. A quick sharp pang pierces his heart. Like a flash of lightning tho real truth comos home to his heart, and all his fair dreams of a few hours sinco lio as crushed and dead and scentless, as though thoy had noverboen. Although he has not spoken, something in tho strangeness of his glance compels her to answer tho question in it. 44 1 should not caro so muoh about keeping my promiso to him," sho Bays, growing unaccount ably norvous beneath liis steady, almost threat ening regard 44 But ho was so angry when I told him that I was coming out with you to-day, yesterday — oh, was it yesterday ?" a frightened oxpression coming into her pretty face. " And you know what a temper ho has, and so I said I should moot him, aud, aud now, what shall I do?" 44 4 He.— 4 Iiim,— who?" demands ho' with ft violonce but badly subdued. 44 Why, Boyle, of course ; who else should it be ?" says aho. ' Something of rage, and misery and despair mingled, ohccks his utterance for a moment or two, but now ho bursts out passionately. 44 So, after all, your oscapo from death just resolves itsolf into a regret that tho past storm has prevented you from meeting him ' to-day ; I am as nothing to you ! We havo been at tho gates of tho gravo together, you and I; and yot your first thought is for him Not for tho anxiety you have havo caused your sisters, your brothers, but for him. ; What, says ho sternly, Boizing hor by tho wrist, and compelling her to meet UiB gaze. 44 What am I to learn from that!" With a swift but passionato movement Nan wrenches herself free. " ' 14 T.mt« !" rjivb she hnuchtilv. 44 Pnr nno tliini? -tliat I will answer no questions put to mo in tliat tone. For another — navo you yet to bo taught that I am — unfortunately, your guest ?" Sho ib standing back from him now, and is looking at him with defiance written qu every lino of hor face. "Unfortunately, indeed," says Humo "for me. But ft few hours ago aud.I believed mysolf tho happiest man nliYO, and now — now-— lam to know that I am leas than nothing to you. Even when you lay within my arms your thought woro of anothor. Great heuvon ! How can you stand thoro so calm when I am brokou hoartcd? Do you novor think? Have you no conscionoo. Don't you caro?" Ho break off abruptly, as if afraid to go on. t 44 All tuis is of no consoquonco, Bays sho wttu a littlo angry, emphatic gosturo of tlio hmw. 44 What I want to know is when I shall get homo?" ... n-rtrt - Her tono ts irritating. It says plainly. When shall I got rid of you ?" Hume's faco darkens, and ho moves a step nearer to hor. (( 44 That depends upon yourself," ho says. 1 told you onco you should never marry any man but mo» I shall keep to that determina tion." 44 You mean," says sho, and thon sho, pauses 44 "When shall wo reach homo?" sho asks again, but now In a trembling toue. 41 Novor!" returns ho violently, 44 until you consent to marry mo." 