THE EXTINCT' TAStEANIANS. (London Daily Netws.) The gravel beds of England, for example near the Thames and the Exe, often contain the rudest known stone implements. They are roughly trimmed and pointed by chip ping off flakes, never by grinding, and it is probablel that they were used uuhefted by their owners, and, like the IHammerSof Thor, without a handle. These weapons are called Paloaolithic, to distinguish them from the daintier polished atone imple ments and exquisitely shaped arrow heads of stone, which are called Necolitbio. They are of inealcuable antiquity, and it is natural to wonder what kmndof life the men led who manufactured them. These artisans were, at all events, very human. You can cut as well, or better, with any casual bit of edged flint as with the old implements on which some amount of astistic thought has been bestowed. Mlan, in fact, was bent on perfection and improvement, even when he dwelt in England with extinct boasts and birds. Ifow he lived we can now partly conjec ture. Mr Ling Itoth has gathered into a volume all that is known about the very last people who "tooled" with rudely chipped flints, and who have been destroyed by English rifles, blankets, and alcohol. Of course we cannot conclude that because two sets of men in England many thousand years ago, and in Tasmania yesterday, were on the caume level of culture in weapons, therefore their ways and ideas were similar througiout. Possibly our own predecessors, so ill-equipped for the struggles of life, may have belonged to a white race, with all its superior endurance, and intelligence, or capacity of becoming intelligent. It is only certain that, in such respects as their relics testify to, the in habitants of Britain were not more civi lised than the black Tasmanians. These tribes were discovered in 16.13 by Abel Jausen Tasman. The country was next visited in 1772 by Marion du Fresne, a French sailor, and in 1777 by Captain Cook. IBaudin landed there in 1802, and in 1803 an English settlement was formed, and, of course, shooting began. Our people killed a friendly, or seemingly friendly, party of blacks, men, women, and children. In 1818, the blacks nearly evicted thIe whites; by 1831 the wretched remnant of Palteolithii men surrendered. In 1876, when Truganinia died, the repre sentatives of the earliest known humanity ceased to exist. 'The Tastmanians swere not beautiful in European eyes, though a French naturalist mentions a pretty flirt who kindly blackened tihe faces of his party, by way of raising them to her own standard of the becoming. They were naked, except for a kangaroo skin in cold weather. They made a kind of hut, better than the Australians of the continent do, and their sepul-hhres were sometimes very curiously erected. 'Jhey were swift over a short distance of ground, but had no endurance. Like the Australians, they were wonderfully skilled trackers, and could tell any man by his footsteps. Unlike the Veddahs of Ceylon, they were fond of laughter and luffoonery. Some were curious about European novel ties, others were indifferent. 1i. la Bil lardui-re 11702) behaved very kindly to them, and found them mest friendly andt helpful. 'They even presented the French with their ornaments of pierced shells. One young lady was offered a pair of trousers and shownes how to wear them, which she did with grace. The men anlmost at once learned to use Euro penu axes and saws. One of themUs made experiments of a painful nature on his own body with a buroing.glass, which he had seen used to light a fire. They were astonished at finding tme French white all over. . l'. Pron talks of "tlim sweetconfldenco which the natives had in us, the affectionate proofs of goodwill elwhich they lavished on us, the frankness of their manner, and the touching ingenuous ness of their caresses." They were not cannibals, it ceems, but we have "eaten themn up." One rettler kept the ears of all the blacks lie shot as trophlies in "' pickle tub. A soldier pitched a black baby with his bayonet into a fir,'e. Yet we lihave never forgiven the Spaniards in the West Indian Islands. The truth is that, even with tihe early French explorer, misunderstandings arose. A Frenchman was asked by the natives to light a fire they had piled up. ie did so, and did not understand that thits was the native way of asking you to tread on the tails of their coats. They at once began to throw their long-pointed wooden spears, and to whack with their short heavy clubs, or waddles. Europeans never knew where to have them -easily fell into panics, fired, and made all the blacks enemies of all the whites by the act. Convicts, too, behaved as they might be expected to do. 'there ware quarrels about women. The natives were evicted from tlheir hunting grounds, and speared the sheep and cattle which had superseded them. They attacked isolated houses, they mutilated the slain, and this is a deed which Euro peans never forgive. Women who had lived with whites became barren when they returned to their tribes. The occasional habit of wearing blankets gave the natives deadly chills. So they perished utterly, victims of the ignoran'-e and ferocity if ruds, or even criminal, early settlers. It is an old story, and something very much like it is being told in Queensland to-day, if we may believe many acconnts. In family matters this lost people were polygamous, old men having more than their due share of wives. Unlike what we are told about, the primitive pre dominance of women-the " matriarchate" \--there Tasmanians made their wieves do all the work of fishing and cooking. Woman was a slave ; but a woman led the remniantsof the tribes in their last war. The chief, if chief there existed, was ap parently the strong man will the bad temper. In this respect society has usually been rather 'Tasmanian. As to fire, they lit it either by sparks from flinb or by rubbing one stick on anotlher--the moat prevalent ancient practice. They also carried lighted fuel about. Iris curious how inexpert the Greeks always were at fire ighthing. Not only in Hiomer does a man in a lonely house keep a smouldering brand, that he may not have to walk to the nearest nighbour for a light, but in " l)aphlnias and Chloe," 400 years after outa era, the hern wanders far in search of a fire. Apparently, he could not strike or rub a light for himself. As to food, they ate enormously when there was anything to eat. A native woman ate more than 50 eggs the size of a duck's egg. A baby of eight months tucked in a whole kangaroo rat, and topped up with a crawfish. Twelve pounds of meat and a gallon of train oil was an adult's dinner. They had no sort of agri cplture, but were fond of vegetables and roaobed fern roots, They hunted the kangaroo by the Scofch mel)tod of the "Tincel " We'll quell the cusage moqntalineer As ltheir ticl qualls the gpme ; They come as fleet as f rst deer, We'll drie them bak as tam,. They drove the wild beasts into a narrow space and then clubbed them. 'Iheir manufactures were string basket work, and the'flaking of flints. Tie Australiacs, more advanced, grind their stone weapons to an edge, leaving the rest of the stone in its natural condition. About Tasmanian religion accounts differ. They seem to have recognised a good spirit of the day and an evil one of the nighta, and to have been qualified as members of the Psychical Society by seeing ghosts. Probably they would never have improyaved much, for ilature gave them necessaries, and they we*re highly disinclined go 'work. "Their expression is fearful adn wild when youped, reptiees nn.l treacherous when in doubt, and, when laUghipg, of a mr~do an almost conyulsive gaiety. Among lho aged thp expression is sorrowful, hard, and glooqsy," epys perun. Jhe '1gsmaniano, jn fact, like Ooldsmith's Ned Vurdon= Led sash a terrible life in this world, Wedon't lthink they'll wirb to come back, But this experience is not peculiar to savages. They had sport, and lived in the open air. 