— l.u a ygTTETaaE&USawt; j Galvanising a Corpse. I j Among the most brilliant of the students at j v.- ihlin University some years ago was Walter leriiay. To a general adaptability to the . -ciout e of medicine he added a coolness and , >er\ t. in the use of the knife in surgical opera- I tlmiK flint 1,. I n .. _ r . I ....... in.iuc nun Hid p n ne or the faculty ! a,Ul vnyy of his follow students. In course of j lime lieruay graduated, receiving his diploma, | and in a comparative examination which fol- j lowed won an appointment as assistant surgeon j i'li " l!le. Dublin hospitals. He i i ed this position with much success, his one j fault being an insatiable thirst for scientific in- j \ csiigittion, which led to a proneness to operate . "P"" a patient upon the slightest provocation. : I his, however, is, as a rule, not regarded as a very serious fault among the doctors of a lio-pi j tal staff, ami 1'iernay ex poser himself, to no i teiy severe criticism in following out, as he in- j vaiialilv did, the maxim of a certain famous j medical lecturer, ' When in doubt, always oper- ale. One evening, some months after Tiernay , had been assigned to his post at the hospital, ii ' 1 1 1 1 r i » I » (j » t . P F 1 . ! ' l ft i i Wi; "'ir-i.uto — ma rormer ieliow-Htudents J at the university — were gathered in his room, ihey wen; clm-liy occupied in sipping lemon pooch and ohabiug i'iernay to their hearts' c<>o- tent. And what do you think was the subject of their chaff? Just this — the death of a wo man under the knife, with Tiernay as the mu sical operator! A woman in no advanced stnte of pregnancy had been admitted to the hospital. I here were certain various complications in her case which rendered it a most interesting one from a medical standpoint. When the hour of her confinement came it was evident that she could not survive, and — well, to put it bluntly it was charged that, in the interest of certain specific data, Tiernay had Performed a species of autopsy while the patient was still alive, ihe assembled company listened with great in terest to the medical points gleaned from this investigation, and then their thirst for scientific lore once satisfied, the chaffing had begun. Tired at Inst of chaffing Tiernay. the guests turned their conversation to lire subject of nerve power. Out of this conversation grew a curious challenge. One of the party offered to wager Tiernay a supper at the Garter that lie would not dure go into the morgue in the basement of the hospital, where the body of the poor " vic tim lay, and sit for one hour beside the corpse. Just as the clock struck twelve he was to rise, stand over the corpse, and repeat solemnly, three times in succession, " I command yon to rise." Tiernay at first ridiculed the proposition, but the challenger persisting, lie finally accepted the wager. He repaired to the morgue, took his seat beside the coipse, which lay covered by a sbeet, and in the dim light began reading a newspaper. At last the'snund of a big Hospital clock was beard tolling out the midnight hour Tiernay rose from the chair, and, true to the conditions of his wager, stood over the corpse. " I command you to rise." What was that ? Really he could have sworn that the body bad moved. Nonsense. Was lie a man of science, or an old waman with weak nerves ! Once more his voice rang out louder than before. " I com mand you to rise." Horror upon horror. There could be no doubt of it this time. The corpse had plainly stirred. With blanched face he tore back tlie8heet. No, no — it could not have been. ' I command you to rise." As the words rang through the narrow nppaitineilt the corpse sprang holt upright, the eyes distended, the long black hair falling in matted streams about the ghostly face. With a convulsive movement the arms shot out as if to encircle him who had summoned " the victim" back to life. Two minutes later, when Tic- may's friends burst into the room, they found him jliahbling ami chuck ling at the feet of the corpse. His reason was gone ; he was an idiot ! Had the poor " victim" claimed I'er revenge? Had sho been momen tarily gifted with tin; power to confront her scientific murderer ? No ; there ivas no such sensational retribution as this ! After all, I am obliged to spoil my ghost story, as nli ghost stories must be spoiled if you searcli deeply enough until you get at the truth. Tiernay was simply the victim nf a practical joke, ter rible in its results. His guests had contrived to connect a galvanic battery with the corpse, and bad thus at the critiial moment galvanised it into life. Owing to severe study Tiernay's nerves were unstrung, and the awful results de scribed followed. 