BEATRICE. CHAPTER XV. ONLY GOOD NIGHT. By H. RIDER HAGGARD, Author of “Cleo patra,” &c.; [All Rights Reserved.] Five more Jays passed, all too quickly, and once more Monday came round. I[?] was the 22nd of October, and the Michael mas sittings began on the 24th. On the morrow (Tucsi'.oy) Geoffrey "'os to return to L ludnn, there to meet Lady Honorta ami '*ct to work at- chambers. Ihat very mom k„r, indeed, a brief, the biggest be Imd yet received—it was marked thirty guineas had been forwarded to him from Insohim beis with a note from his cierk to the effect that the case was expected to be in the special jury list ou the first day of the sittings, ami that the clerk had made an appointment for him with the solicitois for 5 15 mi the Tuesday. The brief was sent to him by his uncle’s firm, aud marked— ‘ With you the Attorney-General and Mr Caudletou, Q.C.’ The well-known 1-ader of the Probate and Divorce Court Bar. fccvrr before had Geoffrey found himself in such honorable company, that is on the back or a brief, aud n-t « little was he elated thereby. . But when lie came to look into the case his joy abat'd somewhat, for it was one of the most perplexing that he had ever known. The will contested, which was that of a Yorkshire money-lender, dispos-d of property to the value of over £SO,OOO, and was propounded by a niece of the testator who, when lie died, if not actually weak iu his mind, was in his dotage, and superstitious to the verge of. insanity. The niece to whom all the property was left to the exclusion of the son and daughter of the deceased, both married, aud living away from home—stayed with the testator aud looked after him. Shortly before bis death, however, lie and this niece had violently quarrelled ou account of an intimacy which the latter had formed with a married man of bad repute, wlm was a discharged lawyer’s clerk. So serious had been the quarrel . that only three days before his death the testator hail sent for a lawyer, aud formally, by means of a codicil, deprived the niece of a sum of £2OOO winch In-had left her, all the rest of his properly being divided between bis son and daughter. Three days afterwards, him ever, he duly executed a fresh will, in the presei ce of two servants, by which he left all his pro perty to his niece, to the entire exclusion of ids own children. This will, though very short, was in proper form, and was written by nobody knew whom. The servants stated that the testator befote signing it was perfectly acquainted with its contents, for the niece bad made him repeat them in their presence. They also declared, however, that he seemed in a terrible frigut, and said twice, ‘ It’s behind me; it's behind me.’ Within an hour of the signing of the will the testator was found dead, apparently from the effects of fear, but the niece was not iu the room at the time of death. The indy other remarkable circumstance in the case was that the disreputable lover of the niece bad been seen hanging about the house, at dusk, the testator having died at 10 o’clock at night. There was also a further fact. The sun, ou receiving a message from the niece that his father was seriously worse, had hur ried with extraordinary speed to the house, passing someone or something—he could not toll what—that seemed to lie running, appa rently from the wiudow of the sick man’s room, which was on the ground .floor, and beneath which footmarks were afterwards found. Of these footmarks two casts bad been taken, of which photographs were for wauled with the brief. They had been made by naked feet of small size, and ill each case the little joint of the third toe of the right foot seemed to be missing. But all attempts to fiud the feet that made them bad hitherto failed. The will was contested by the next of kin, for when Gcutfrey was one of tha counsel, upon the usual grounds of undue influence and fraud, but as it seemed at present with small prospect of success, for, though the circumstances were suspicious enough, there was uot the slightest evidence of cither. This curious case, of which the outlines arc here written, is briefly set out, because it proved to be the foundation of Geoffrey’s enormous practice and reputation at the bar. He read the brief through twioc, thought it over well, and could make little of it. It was perfectly obvious to him that toero had beeu foul play somewhere, but he found himself quite unable to form a workable hypothesis. Was the person —if it was a peraou—wbn bad been seen running away coucerued iu the matter ? If so, was he the author of the footprints ? Of course the ex lawyer’s clerk had something to do with it, but what? In vain did Geuffray cudgel his brains; every idea that occurred to him broke down somewhere or other. * We shall lose this,’ he said aloud in despair, ‘suspicious circumstances are not enough to upset a will, r and then, addressing Beatrice, who was sitting at the table, work ing: ‘ Here, Miss Granger, you have a smatter ing of law, see if ynu can make anything of this,’ and he pushed the heavy brief towards her. Beatrice took it with a laugh, and for the next three-quarters of an hour her fair brow was puckered up iu a way quaint to see. At last she finished and shut the brief up. ‘ Let me look at the photographs,’ she said. Geoffrey handed them toiler. She very carefully examined first one uud then the other, and ns she did so a light of intclli- j gniic" broke out upon her face. ‘Well, Portia, have you cot it?’ lie asked. ‘I have got something,’ she answered. ‘ldo not know if it is right. Don’t you see, the old. man was superstitious; they frightened him first of all by a ghostly voiee or some such thing, into signing the will, and then to death after he had signed it. The lawyer’s cierk prepared the will— he would know how to do it. Then he was smuggled into the room under the bed, or sumewhere, dressed up us a ghost perhaps. The sending for the sou by the niece was a blind. The thing that was seen running away was a boy—those footprints were made by a boy. I have seen so many thousands ou the Bauds here that I could swear to it. He was attracted to the bouse from the road, which was quite near, by catching sight of something unusual through the blind; the brief says there were no curtains or shutters. Now look at the photographs of the footprints. See in No. I, found outside tha window, the toes are pressed down deeply into the. inud. The owner of the feet was standing on tip-toe to get a better view. Put in No. 2, which was found near where the'sou thought he saw a person running, the toes are spread out quite vtide. That is the footprint of seme one who was in a great hurry. Now it is. not probable that a boy had anything tr. do with the testator’s death. Why, theu, was the hoy running so hard? I will tell you; because he was frightened at something lie had seen through the blind. So frightened was be, that he will not come forward, or answer the advertisements and enquiries. Find a boy in that toivu who has a joint missing on the third toe of the right foot, and you will soou kuow about it.’ ‘ By Jove,’ said Geoffrey, ‘wliata-ciiiiiiiial lawyer you would make ! I believed that you have got it. But how are we to fiiid this boy with the missing torjuint ? Every possible inquiry lias already beeu made anil failed. Nobody has seen such a boy, whose deficiency would probably be kuuwn by bis parents or schoolfellows.” ‘Yes,’ said Beatrice, ‘it lias failed because the boy lias taken to wearing shoes, which iudeed he would always have to do at school. Bis parents, if he had any, would perhaps not speak of his disfigurement, and uo one else might know of it, especially if he were a new-comer in the neighborhood, it is quite possible that be took otf liis hoots in order to creep up to the window. And now I will tell you howl should set to work to find him. I should have every bathing place in the river running througii the town —there is a river—carefully watched by de tectives. In this weather ’ (the autumn was an unusually warm one) ‘ boys of that class often paddle and .sometimes bathe. If they watch close enough, they will probably find a boy with a missing toe joiut among the number.’ ‘ What a good idea,’ said Geoffrey. ‘ I will telegraph to the lawyers at ouce. I cer tainly believe that you have got the clue.’ Aud as it turned out afterwards Beatrice bad got it; her suppositions were right in almost every particular. The boy, who proved to be the son of a pedlar who had recently come into the town, was found wadiug, and by a clever trick, which need not be detailed, frightened into telling the truth, as he had previously frightened him self into holding his tongue. II- had even, as Beatrice conjectured, colt on olf his b mts to creep up to the window, and as he ran away had, in his fright, dropped them into a ditch full of water. There they were found, and went far to convince the jury of the truth of his story. Tims it was that Beatrice’s quick wit laid the foundations of Geoffrey’s great success. This particular Monday was a field day at the Vicarage, Jones had proved obdurate; no power oil earth conid induce him to pay the £34 11s 4d due on acc mnt of lithe. Therefore Mr Granger, fortified by a judg ment duly obtained, had announced Ills in tention of distraining upon Jones’ bay and cattle. Jones had replied with insolent defiance. If any bailiff, or auctioneer, nr such people came to sell his hay be would kill him, or them. So said Jones, and summoned his suppor ters, many of whom owed tithe, and none of whom wished to pay it, to do battle in bis cause. For his part, Mr Granger retained an auctioneer of undoubted cour age, who was to arrive ou this very after noon, supported I)3’ six policeman, anil carry* out the sale. Beatrice felt nervous about the whole tiling, but E izabi-tli was very determined, and the old c!erg3’man was now bombastic and now despoudeut. The auctioneer arrived duly liy the 1 o’clock train. He was a tall able-bodied man, not unlike Geoffrey in appearance, indeed at 20 yards distance it would have been difficult to tell them apart. Tile sale was to take place at half- past 2, anil Mr Johnson—that was the auctioneer's name—went to the inn to get his dinner before proceeding to busi ness. He was informed of the hostile de monstration that awaited him. and that an English member of Parliament had been sent, down especially to head the mob; but being a man ef mettle pooh- poohed tile whole alia ir. * All bark, sir,’ lie ,said to Geoffrey, ‘nil hark and m> bite; I’m not afraid of llic-e people. \Vhy, if they won’t bid for the Stull’, I will buy it myself.’ ‘All right,’ said Geoffrey, ‘but 1 advise \\*nu to look out. I fancy that the old man is a rough customer.’ Then Geolfrey went back to his dinner. As they sat at the meal, througii a gap in the Ur tiees they saw that tin* great majority’ of the population of Mryugelly was nil earning up towards the scene of the sale, some to agitate, and some to sne the fun. * It is pretty well time to be off,’ said Geoffrey. ‘ Are you coming, .Mr G ranger ?’ ‘ Well,’ answered the old gentleman, ‘ I wished to do so, but Elizabeth thinks that 1 hud better keep away. And, after nil, you know,’ he added airily, ‘ perhaps it is as well for a clergyman not tu mix himself up tno much in these teinpnr.il matters. No, I want to go and see about .smile pigs at the older end of tile parish, anil I think that I shall take this opportunity.’ ‘ You are not going, Mr Bingham,’are you? a-keii Beatrice in a voice which betrayed her anxiety. * Ob, yes,’ lie answered, ‘ of course I am. I would not miss the chance fnr worlds. Why, Beechnut Bones is going to be there, the mem ber of-Parliament wlio has just done bis four Uionlhs for inciting to outrage. We are old friends; I was at school with him. Poor fellow, lie was iii-xl even in those days, aud I want to chaff him. ‘ I think that you had far better not go, Mr Bingham, 1 said Beatrice; * they are a very’ rough set.’ ‘ Everybody is not so cowardly as you arc,’ put in Elizabeth. ‘I am goiug at any rate.’ ‘That’s right, Miss Elizabeth,' said Geoffrey; ‘ we will protect each other from the revolutionary fury of the mob. Come, it is time to start.’ And so they went, leaving Beatrice a prey to melancholy forebndiugs. She waited in the house for the best part of an Ilnur making pretence to piny with Effie. Then her anxiety got tile better of hei; she put ou her hat and started, leaving Efiie in charge of the servant Betty. Beatrice walked quickly along the cliff till she came in sight of Jones’s farm. From wlnre she stood she could pmke out a great crowd of men and even, wh p n tile wind tinned towards her, catch the noise of shout ing. Presently she heard a sound like the rpport of a gun, saw the crowd bleak up in violent confusion, and then cluster together again in a dense mass. ‘What could it mean?’ Beatrice won dered. As the thought crossed her mind, she per ceived two men ruuuing towards her with all their speed, followed by a woman. Three minutes more, aud she saw that the woman was Elizabeth. Tiie men were passiug her now. ‘ What is it?’ she cried. ‘ Murder /’ they answered with one voice, aud sped ou towards Bryugelly. Another moment and Elizabeth was at hand, horror, written on her pale face. Beatrice clutched at her. ‘ Who is it ?’ she cried. ‘ Mr Bingham,’ gasped her sister. ‘Go and help; lie’s shot dead !’ And she too was gone. Beatrice's knees loosened, her tongue clave to the roof of her mouth; the solid earth spun round and round. ‘ Geoffrey killed! Geoffrey killed !’ she cried in her heart; hut though her ears seemed to hear the sound nf them, nn words came from her lips. Oti, what should she do? Where should she hide herself and her grief? (To he continued. ) 