THURSDAY, AUGUST 21, 1890. The members who are still occupying the time of the House with remarks about the Railway Bill are, it may be assumed, rising in their places merely because their constituents expect them to fill a certain space in the reports. Mr. McLELLAN has, indeed, risen twice, inasmuch as on the first, occasion he omitted to notify expectant clients of one particular line he intends to advocate with all the fervour at his disposal—no inconsiderable quantity it must be admitted. The second reading of the measure is a foregone conclusion, and probably no division will be asked for, and the gentlemen who continue the debate are simply keeping the House from the consideration of the appointment of the select committee to which the measure is to be referred. Notice of motion has been duly tabled by Mr. GILLIES, and it can be said of the proposed committee that it is fairly constituted, and includes men who are quite capable of going to the best is of the matter. Messrs. GILLIES, BENT, and WOODS have all had experience at the Railway department. Mr. McLEAN. is the leader of the country party ; Mr. TAVERNER is chairman of the Tramways Committee ; Mr. BURROWES is a veteran railway director and Mr. MADDEN, Mr. WHEELER, and Mr. TUCKER have earned high characters for shrewd- ness and directness. If Mr. SHIELS had been on the list, it is to be supposed that everyone would have been satisfied with the committee as a representative body, but Mr. MUNRO can of course withdraw one of his four names in favour of the member for Normanby if he is so disposed. The reference itself is as wide as could be expected, and wider, probably, than is advisable. The committee is to inquire into the question of the cost of construction, and that alone, but it is at liberty to take evidence, not only as to the cost of the lines in the bill, but also of the lines surveyed by the Railway department and not in the measure. Every member will therefore be able to obtain information as to the railways that have been omitted, which information will, of course, often be used to facilitate his caucus or log- rolling operations in the House. On the other hand, the committee is not to enter into the general policy of the measure, as to whether it is advisable to construct the lines or whether they are likely to pay or not, nor is it to propose new lines. It is not in fact to be a caucus, but it is to seek to put before the House and the country the facts available about construction. A larger reference will no doubt be demanded, but it is idle to expect any concession, because to give way on the question of routes and lines would be for the Government to submit to defeat and to surrender the bill. For our part we anticipate evil results rather than good results from the committee. It is appointed practically because hon. members are casting about for some excuse to increase the already enormous mileage of the bill. Only in one sense can construction be called an engineering question. Everyone knows that if people will dispense with certain conveniences the cost of railways can be materially lessened. The country trams now in existence dispense with semaphores and with platforms and with other accessories. In one case only one engine is employed, so that there is no occasion for sidings or signals and in another instance the driver or fire- man descends to see if there is anything round the corner. The engineers can make the lines very cheaply indeed on this basis, but one or two members have been frank enough to admit that no Victorian railways would be main- tained on such a basis for a twelve month. The demand will be irresistible for speed, for safety, and for conveniences. Stations will be needed for passengers, sheds will be required for produce, and refrigerating cars will be asked for on account of dairy produce. If the Railway Commissioners supply one district with conveniences and not another, it practically handicaps the latter locality and an energetic agitation would soon compel the department to put matters right. In America the railways can proceed on the settlers principle of the log cabin first, the weatherboard cottage next and the stone house last, because the locality of the company in the one case has to provide the money as the individual has in the other; but here if the state provides one man with a stone house it cannot put off anyone for any time with a log cabin. So it is with all the State services. The Post- office must deliver letters for a penny at the distant township, though it may have cost 6d to reach the place, and the children must be taught in the far bush at the expense of £10 per head, though elsewhere the cost will be £2. In the instances mentioned the principle is right and proper. We undertake the services in order to equalise charges, and for the express purpose of getting rid of the differences in cost that would result if affairs were left on a commercial basis. The commercial principle is swept away in the interests of the whole. And any other arrangement would be a misfortune. But then with regard to the railways we wish to retain the commercial principle, and under a rigid system of state pro- prietorship this, we maintain, is impossible. The citizens will always demand an equality of service and of accommodation, and they will always go near to obtaining their end. This very Railway Bill, with its demand for lines which cannot pay for a generation, is itself a violation of all commercial principles. The committee will not deal with any of these points, and is not created for any such purpose. Evidence will be obtained that lines of a certain character can be built at a lower cost than the engineers have estimated, and this will be hailed with applause, and on the supposition that the loan talked of by the Government will go further than was supposed it will be sought to thrust new lines into the bill. If the House would be satisfied with the assurance that the lines proposed by the Government can be cheaply built, no harm would be done. The experi- ment could be tried, and if it were successful well and good. Money would be saved, and money will be wanted. But the House is not likely to stand still at this point. It will increase the mileage on the "cheap line" theory, and the last stage of the railway question will be worse than the first. No committee is needed to deal with construction nor to decide as to routes, nor to adopt lines. The one inquiry required by the circumstances of the case is as to whether it is possible to limit the state to the building of trunk lines, leaving feeders to the localities. Such a committee as this might report for the substantial decrease of the mileage of the bill, whereas the body to be appointed is but an agency to be used for further swell- ing an inflation measure. The admission made by the engineers that the estimates can be reduced will be turned to account, and we shall see the present system stereotyped, and a further number of lines obtained under false pretences as to cost. This is the danger, and its existence is a reason for regret that the committee should be appointed. At the meeting of the Employers' Union last night, Mr. HUDSON stated clearly the reasons which had induced the ship-owners, after they had carefully weighed the consequences of their action, to resist the demands which are thrust upon them by the Trades-hall. In the first place they find in the case of the Corinna that the unions deny the right of the owners to dismiss a man from their service, and in the case of the Moreton that they virtually assume the right of controlling the appointment of captains. In the second place they are resisting not so much the demands of the officers as the unendurable aggres- sions of the Seamen's Union. But there is still another view of the case which the public are entitled to consider and that is the recklessness and disregard of public interests with which union after union has plunged into the struggle. A notice of twenty-four hours or less is deemed to be quite sufficient, and the result is that passengers reach the wharves only to be sent back again, and that goods which the wharf labourers have condescended to put on board are kept lying in the harbour. It is not as if fair warning were given, but as if the ordinary currents of trade were stopped at a sudden signal. The ship-owners, of course, suffer no special damage from this it is the members of the public who have a right to complain that they are abominably treated. For, not content even with the very short notice that is legal, the Seamen's Union has outstepped the bounds of the law, and called the men out of their steamers before the notice had expired. This happened in Melbourne yesterday,' on board the Mangana, and on the previous day it occurred in Sydney on several vessels. The unions evidently imagine that they are a law unto themselves, that they are superior to all rules and regulations, and that they are free to act as they please, without the slightest regard to the rights of others. The owners may not care to assert their legal rights, and there is but little practical reason why they should trouble to do so for again we repeat that if there is to be a protracted strike their loss in this respect will be comparatively small. But it illustrates the wantonness with which those of the public are treated who believe that the seamen will act honour- ably and fairly, and who book passages and ship goods in the faith that the law will be observed. The excuse given by the unions, that the steamers might be kept cruising between other ports, is worthless. For in the same breath they boast that the strike extends to every port The seamen have been followed by the wharf labourers, who have formally joined the strike for the mere sake of striking In Sydney, where they virtually left work without any warning at all, they have been guilty of gross in justice and utterly unnecessary cruelty Thus the Oonah arrived with a cargo of fruit and other produce, and when the task of discharging the ship had been fairly begun and no trouble was apprehended, the men were suddenly requested to leave oft "A deputation of 1 fruit merchants asked the maritime " labour officers not to refuse to discharge " the cargo under the exceptional ur " cumstances, but neither the Seamen's " nor the Wharf Labourers' Unions ' could see their way clear to go on " with their work " The cargo might be destroyed, the merchants might suffer loss, but the harsh order of the modem Medes and Persians could not be revoked, even to supply the shop Leeoers with fruit that had been consigned to them before the strike broke out A steamer is due from Iii with a large cargo of bananas, and a similar difficulty is again expected But what reason or common sense is there in refusing to discharge a steamer that has arrived in the list bom, especially when she cames a cargo, a perishable cargo, shipped before the beginning of the strike' Do the wharf labourers gain anything, unless, it be an increase of pride in their arbitrary power, by thus injuring the public For it is the public and not the ship owners, upon whom the loss is really inflicted by such irresponsible orders from the union But, further, although the present dispute does not concern the ocean-going steamers in the smallest degree, it is said that there will be a difficulty in supplying them with coal. As both the seamen and the wharf labourers have struck, there is no one to put a to ton of coal on board the mail ships. All this is absolutely unnecessary. To hamper the foreign trade by a wholesale strike, to waste and min cargoes that have actually arrived, are mere acts of wanton injury. This is not only fighting the ship-owners, but devastating neutral territory. But the question arises, what justification can the seamen and the wharf labourers show to the public for order- ing a strike at the present time '! As yet they have put forward only the flimsiest of excuses. "The reason," says Mr. MANSFIELD, " which actuated those area " in taking up the cause of the officers ^ " was that it considered that through " them a direct blow was being aimed " by the owners at the principles of " unionism and the liberty of the sub "feet." But what in the world have the officers, who are divided in opinion amongst themselves, to do with the success of unionism 1 Does Mr. MANSFIELD or anyone else think that it really concerns the Trades-hall to make a new departure and affiliate special societies of officers and overseers 1 The excuse is ridiculous. It is a story that should be told, not to the seamen, but to the marines. The fact of the matter is that no owner has ever dreamt of in- dulging in a threat against trades unionism, and that if any such threat should be made the unions are strong enough to disregard it. It is absurd to profess that a universal boycott is necessary in order to maintain the principles of unionism at this time of day. Every member of the community knows that the Trades-hall does not require to defend its principles by stopping trade at every port, or to keep the unions under its command by constantly ordering strikes. Trades unionism is so well established that most people had hoped to find its leaders showing "" some moderation and some sense of responSibility. As a matter of fact, however, they have inflicted a strike upon the public, the only justification for which is alleged to be an imaginary attack upon unionism. The Employers' Union could do nothing else than determine to support the ship- owners in their present difficulty, and resolve to resist the whole system of boycotting. In doing so they are acting in the interests of the public, and it is to be hoped that their support of their principles will be as effective as it is unanimous. The Suburban Tram ways Company hit o been successful in easily pushing then bill now before the Legislature tin on li its various stages up to date The object is a desirable one namely, to connect Collingwood 119 Hoddle street and the Punt road with the St Kilda beach tims linking a number of important suburbs The communication thus given is sure to be highly prized, and the lull without doubt will go UHOULTJI Pulnmcnt but there are one or two points that the House should inquire into In the first place, the project includes a bridge over the Yarra at a place where a bridge is very much wanted, mainly at the foot of the Punt Hill, but is there is to be a judge it may well be a proper structure In his evidence Mr V Fur IBU as major of Prnlniui, states that the proposed bridge would be 1 great, boon, because it will provide for foot. " tiiiBsengers, who now have to use it " punt or to make a long detour ' And the punt is only available at ceitiiinhouii From this statement it would seem that the proposed bridge will not provide for vehicles though it certainly should, in order to ease the ti adie on Princes bridge As the company will receive a gift of great value in the right to use many miles of roadway it HOPE not seem too much to say that it should be required to elect a suitable roadway bridge at this point. The extra expense to which the company will be put will not be a month nor yet a hundredth part of the value of the concession which the company is to obtain 1 then there is the question 11 of f ues v The company is to divide its line into penny sections, an air agreement which finds great favour in the House as it will with the public But it may be submitted that the penny sections are too numerous that is, too short They are eight in all, so that a through passenger may have to pay eightpence The line is apparently 74 miles long, and the Melbourne him way Company runs If miles and is making enormous profits at it threepenny late for this distance The general opinion of to day is that the concession to the Melbourne Tj am« ay Company was too liberal, the result of Parliament acting very much in the dark if the Tram Act was before the House to day, undoubtedly sectional fares would be insisted upon but the company would not be allowed to increase its through rate to more than 3d for its full length of 40 miles lins into, it must be remembered, has sent the tram company's shares up from 10s to over f G But there is no need for us to be over generous at the expense of the public. It looks at first as if six sections, or a six penny through fare, would be ample 111 justice to both parties And it may be said also that the period of 20 years is too long for fares to oust without revision The Melbourne Tram Company consents to aiowsion at the end of ten j oats, and this new company may a oil be asked to submit to a reconsideration of the fares question at the end of fifteen years. The first tram bill, as we have said was noces said: a jump in the daily, but this second measure is prepared with knowledge, and will act as a precedent in the future Mr. GiLLiEs gave what must be called a "nice" answer to the in " tensely earnest" request that was preferred before him yesterday by the Women's Christian Temperance Union. It is needless to say that this association has a great mission to fulfil in do I sing roundabout means for compelling their people to be sober, and its modest proposal for the present is that the sale of drink should be prohibited in all the military stations throughout the colony, The president, Mrs LOVE, is perfectly certain that if this were done the number of accidents would diminish, and that the Railway department, besides doing good spiritual work, would be able to and money, 'This statement, which seems to convey a letter tion upon the habits of Railway officials, appears to be based upon the fact that she once saw an remedies and a fireman enjoyniK adult 'The Premier answered this serious complaint in his most sympathetic term but he was afraid that he could not compel enginedrivers and others to be total abstainers. Of course he has no fear of any kind on the subject. The department can prohibit its men from drink. white they are on duty, but it can go no further, and to dictate to them as to whether they shall take a glass of beer when their work is finished would be a ridiculous absurdity. But Mr. Gillies was also afraid that the travellers by the railways would object strenuously if the sale of all intoxicating liquors were stopped. as if, forsooth, Mr. GILLIES would ever dream for a moment of making any proposal of the sort, it would be interesting to learn the feelings and hear the language of the ordinary passenger Thou, cm arrival at Ballarat on a cold wintry night, he could find nothing better to fortify him for the remainder of his journey than securities , or those of a traveller at Seymour, who was only allowed ton of coffee to wash down the hurried meal which he is arrived at that station Perhaps Mr GILL Its' scrupulous politeness and st nr pithy are to be admired But would it not have been as well to say at once that the railways are constructed for the con- volumes of tray diets, and that he cannot abolish the sale of those refresh mints which they leisure and are entitled to demand in the "Legislative Council yesterday, the Minister of Defence assured Mr Melville, in reply to a question on the subject, that both General Tulloch and the Defence department were desirous of encouraging the senior cadet movement in every way possible, and had done so as far as was prudent, bearing in mind the inadvisability of overloading the department A debate arose over a motion by Mr Gore which challenged the action of the Minister of Mines in allotting a portion of the prospecting vote without reference to the recommendations of the prospecting boards Mr Gore based his complaint upon the money that had been allotted for boring operations in Ballarat and other districts where little or no expenditure had been recommended by the boards for this purpose Mr Cuthbert, in replying on behalf of the department, denied that there was any intention m constituting prospecting boards that the Minister of Mines should be bound to act upon their recommendations 'their fund non, as defined in the regulations was to report to the Minister In the case of the grants that had been made for boring in several dis- trees, especially Ballarat, the Minister had to consider not only the recommendations of the board, but the strong representations made to him on the other side by the experts of the department and the members of the Gold mining Commission. The motion found support from several members of the Council, but it was negatived on a division by 14 votes to 12, The debate on Mr. Coppin a motion for securing an open space at the intersection of Swanston and Flinders streets as a suitable approach to the new railway station was ud, journed for a week at the suggestion of the Minister of Justice, who desired an oppor mind) of consulting his colleagues and the Railway) Commissioners upon the subject, A fair amount of progress was then made with other business, the Pleuro pneumonia Exter initiation Bill and the Portland Shire hall Hill both passing limit second reading, and (he latter measure being also carried through committee. The Council adjourned at 10 o'clock until 'Tuesday next A varied programme of business was under the consideration of members of the Legislative Assembly last evening For some time the debate on the Railway Construction Hill was continued, and then private members were in evidence The Suburban tramway Company's Bill was brought up from a Select Committee and advanced a formal stage, and the Presbyterian Church Trusts Bill and the Kew Church of England Lands Bill were read a third time 'then followed an interesting discussion on their covery of the Bendigo goldfields, and li no Hy a debate on the legalisation of the eight hours sister- 'The House rose at 11 o'clock 'The debate on the second reading of the Railway Construction Hill in the Legislative Assembly was continued yesterday from a quarter to 5 o'clock until half-past 8, when private business was called on. Mr ¡5ox was the first speaker. He dealt with the question from a financial standpoint, and, while submitting reasons why the colony should not be committed to expenditure on unprofitable lines, The quoted statistics to prove the sound ness of the colony. At the same time, Mr. Zox took exception to the log-rolling at the enemy, and brought emphatic rejoinders from Mr Shiels, who declared that there had been no loss rolling. The question of the reduction of rates in (the lines was referred to by Mr. Zox, Mr Burrowes, Mr Mason, and others, who declare that the commissioners had been unduly influenced by members of Parliament, find induced to reduce charges to such "an client that the railways had ceased to pay. Mr Graves declared for the bill with much cordiality, and Mr, Hunt ventured the suggestion that his action was not to be wondered at, seeing that he had obtained all the lines he wanted. Thereupon Mr Graves became indignant, and Mr. Hunt soothed him by explaining that the interjection was intended as a joke. Mr. Burrowes gave some interesting information about the Deniliquin to Moama railway, of which he is chairman, The line was built and equipped for £3,000 per mile, and line paid 8 and 10 per cent per annum on capital Mr. Brock added his views, and the debate was then adjourned. Members of the Legislative Assembly having for a time ceased to discount the future in connection with the Railway Bill turned last night to the past, and revelled in such archaeology as our history furnishes. The moot point was as to who discovered the Bendigo goldfield. Mr. Bailes moved for a select committee to test the claim to that honour submitted by Mr. Henry Frencham, of Richmond. That gentleman asserted —through Mr. Bailes—that he went fossicking from Barker's Creek in November, 1851, and his party found gold at Bendigo, the event being reported in The Argus on December 13, 1851 Mr. D. M. Davies, as Minister of Mines, opposed the motion, because if one claim were investigated there would be no end to the work. Mr. Woods estimated that four years would not suffice to ascertain the truth, and Mr. Graves, with a merry twinkle in his eye, suggested that the chain had been made because in a recent official publication from the Mining department it was noted with surprise that no one had yet asserted that he had discovered the Bendigo Gold field. The weight of evidence—if speeches in Parliament are evidence—was against the assumption that Mr Frencham was the discoverer. The testimony seemed to be in favour of a shepherd employed on the station of which Bendigo was part, who was said to have sold gold to Mr. Fenton, holder of the station, so early as February, 1951. The motion, however, was agreed to by 45 votes to 30, on the understanding that the committee would deal with the cases of all claimants. The bill to empower a company to con- struct a tramway from Northcote to St. Kilda, via Collingwood and South Yarra, was before the Legislative Assembly last evening. Mr. Langridge moved that the report of the select committee on the measure be taken into consideration, but Mr G. D. Carter suggested that members should have further time to consider the bill. The Speaker pointed out, however, that it was due to the committee that the formal motion proposed by Mr Langridge should be agreed to, but the House might afterwards decide to postpone the consideration of the amendments Mr. Carter concurred, but Mr. Williams showed great warmth in denouncing any attempt to authorise the construction of a tramway when it might be decided ultimately to construct a railway along the same route. Mr. Munro spoke very seriously to the hon. member for seeking to prevent private per- sons from employing capital in legitimate enterprises and was sarcastic on his suggestion that a railway should be given to people who did not want it. Mr Langridge did not desire to push the measure beyond the one stage, and the motion having been agreed to the further consideration of the bill was postponed. The question of the legalisation of the eight hours system was not reached in the Legislative Assembly last night until very late, and consequently was not fully discussed. Mr. Trenwith, who moved that the Government should bring in a bill next session, asserted that but a miserable minority of workers enjoyed the benefits of the eight hours," but it was necessary that it should be made universal and compulsory by Act of Parliament for physical reasons as well as because the introduction of machinery and the increase of population reduced the work available for those who lived by labour. Mr. Patterson characterised the motion us unnecessary and as an electioneering dodge, since the eight hours system had been established without legislation. "Who are suffering?" he asked, and Mr. Trenwith incautiously interjected that some watchhouse-keepers worked 24 hours Mr. Patterson is too old a parlia- metarian to ignore a good opportunity, and he had the laughter of the House with him when he harped upon the suggestion that watchhouse keepers belonged to the industrial class. The question, he submitted, required deep consideration because of the varieties of employment, and he demanded that the member for Richmond should produce his bill so that it might be criticised. Mr. Deakin commented upon the absence of facts and illustration in Mr. in Mr. Trenwith's speech, though he went so far as to say that personally he believed not only in the limitation of the hours of labour by law, "but in much else beside." Mr. Munro said that Mr Bradlaugh was opposing the legislation of the eight hours system in England because it had been established in Victoria without legislation. The pass- ing of an act here would assist the agitation in England. Mr Clark was of opinion that the bill should provide that no one should work "between meals." The debate was adjourned on the motion of Mr. Madden, who intends to put the farmers' side of the question. Mr. Trenwith and Dr. Maloney were anxious to have a vote taken that night, but they found the house determined to postpone the matter. In an interjection, Dr. Maloney expressed himself in favour of compelling farmers to observe the eight hours system even in harvest time. The question of referring the Railway Bill to a select committee was advanced a further stage yesterday, when the Premier gave notice of the following motion in the Legislative assembly:—"That a select committee be appointed to take expert evidence upon the question of the cost of the lines in the Railway Construction Bill now before the House, and, if necessary, the cost of other lines which have been surveyed by the Rail- way department, and to report that evidence to the House, such committee to consist of Mr. Tucker, Mr Madden, Mr. McLean, Mr. Bent, Mr. Wheeler, Mr. Burrowes, Mr. Taverner, Mr. Woods, and Mr. Gillies, five to be a quorum, and to have power to send for persons, papers, and records, and to sit on days when the House does not meet, and to report the evidence from time to time, that the said committee shall conclude the taking of evidence, and shall report the same not later than the ninth day of September next." The Premier will move this motion on Tuesday, and it is probable that Mr. Munro will submit an amendment to enlarge the scope of the inquiry to the taking of evidence as to the probable traffic over the proposed lines, in order to ascertain in the construction of some of them is justifiable. One argument urged in favour of the appointment of the select committee of the Legislative Assembly on Mr. Frencham's claim was that it was desirable to uncertain a great historical fact," Mr. McLellan endeavoured to make the committee unnecessary by supplying the demand. He said that he was one of the first to go to Bendigo, and there were but four men working there when he and his mates broke ground in Golden Gully. Mr. Trencham's name was never heard of in connection with the discovery, and it was certainly not true that that gentleman was the first to take gold from the new field to Castlemaine. Mr. McLellan had that honour, for he took the best parcel, 25lb. weight, to that place Mr. G. D. Carter remarked, in regard to this statement, that if it were true that Mr. McLellan were ever trusted with 25lbs weight of gold it was certainly a "great historical fact." Mr. Dixon claimed to have been among the first 20 men "on Ballarat," and even when he reached that place it was impossible to ascertain who was the discoverer of gold there. Mr. G. D. Carter found the discussion at- tractive, and submitted that what the House had to consider was not who discovered a gold field 39 years ago, but who could discover a gold field in the near future. Such a man would be entitled to great reward, but if Mr Frencham's claim were admitted there would be no end to the ghosts that would walk. "Why, what will it come to, Mr. Speaker?" asked the hon. gentleman "We shall have men claiming to have discovered 'the lost chord,' the missing link, and who is to be the new Postmaster General." The local option members of the Legislative Assembly are anxious to know why hotels are not closed in Port Melbourne and South Williamstown, as decided upon by poll. On their behalf Mr T. Smith yesterday asked the Attorney-General when the Metropolitan Licensing Court will proceed to complete its work of selecting the hotels to be closed at Port Melbourne and South Williamstown, in obedience to the writ of man- damus issued by the Supreme Court in July, 1889\. Mr Wrixon replied that, as he told a deputation some time ago, there, were very grave objections to the Licensing Court proceeding, and until certain difficulties were removed the Court would not select the hotels. "What are the difficulties?" asked Mr Munro. "I will be happy to tell the hon. member privately," replied Mr. Wrixon. Mr. Calvert asked the Acting Minister of Lands why he was "pushing" selectors in arrears of rent, and Dr. Pearson said that whenever any satisfactory reason could be shown further time would be allowed. Mr. A. Young drew a negative reply from Dr.Pearson to a request that the Government should grant a loan to the owners of log fences who under compulsion had to destroy such fences under the Rabbit Act. Mr Deakin promised Captain Taylor that the question of boiler inspection would be dealt with in the bill to amend the Shops and Factories Act. Mr. Gillies informed Mr. Gordon that £48,127 was the amount to the credit of the Compensation Fund under the Licensing Act. Mr. Turner gave notice in the Legislative Assembly yesterday of an amendment on the Metropolitan Board of Works Bill, which, if agreed to, will impose on the board the duty of making and maintaining all sewers, main and tributary The bill at present provides that the board shall deal only with the principal drains, and the local councils with the others Several alterations of portfolios among members of the Ministry are in contemplation, and will be settled at the meeting of the Cabinet to be held to morrow A consulta- tion was held yesterday between the Attorney-General and the counsel for the prosecution in the cases connected with the Premier Permanent Building Society It was decided that Mr Dow should not be in cluded in the list of defendants in what is known as the shares case and this decision was reported to the other Ministers just ben re the meeting of the House yester- du> It was resolved that Mr Dow should be sworn in when be returns from Sydney on Monday next as Minister of 1 and to fill the offices which he resigned when the proceedings were instituted The Premier stated yesterday that he had not yet asked any member to fill the position of Postmaster General rendered vacant by the withdrawal of Mr Derham from the Cabinet through pressure of private business Mr Anderson, MLA, will probably join the Cabinet as Minister of Public Works, and Mr Patterson, who at present holds that office, will in all probability take charge of the Postal department in addition to the Customs department Mr Deakin will IIIBO be sworn in next week as Solicitor General, in order that he may perform the duties devolving upon the Attorney-General when Mr Wrixon leaves for London to conduct the case of A J oyv Musjroi', before the Privy Council As was anticipated the wl art labourers have resolved to join in the strike of the marine officers and seamen and will no. load or unload any of the boats owned by members of the Australasian Steamship owners Association. The blockade will, therefore from to morrow become a complete one The principal incident of the strike yesterday was the withdrawing of the crew from the e B Mundina before the notice had expired This is a clear breach of the articles The men left with much ceremony in the presence of the managing director the Melbourne manager and the solicitor of the com- penny It has not been decided yet whether the men shall be prosecuted. The Casino, tile Dawn the Julia Percy, and the Helen Nicoll, all of which steamers trade to the western ports of the colony are now amongst the vessels laid up The other vessels which came in yesterday, and are upon Melbourne articles, are also laid up, the owners not having up to the present made the attempt to obtain non-union labour to replace the crews who have gone out. A largely) attended and most enthusiastic meeting of employers of labour generally was held last night, at which resolutions promising the warmest support to the ship owners Union, and condemning the system of boycotting now practised by the representatives of trades unionism, as being antagonistic to the best interests of the community, were unanimously carried. The Minister of Water Supply yesterday informed a deputation from the Rodney Irrigation Trust that it was fully expected that it would receive a supply of water from the Goulburn national works equal to 40,000,000 gallons a day into its territory by the gravitation channel in the first week in October at the latest. In the event of that not prove g to be the case, the trust will be allowed to use the steam pumps on the Goulburn near Murchison, so as to supply the people in its district with water by pump ing from that river into the channels Mr. Deakin also stated that he considered that the trust should not be saddled with the debt of £3 use, which had been incurred in connection with the waterworks in the parish of Murchison by the Echuca and Waranga Trust now that that parish had been excised from the Rodney Trust He also stated that the reason why the Rodney Trust was not consulted as to the excision of the parish of Murchison was that the people in that parish were induced to join the trust on the distinct understanding that if it were found that their lands were on a higher level than those in the Pod ney Trust and could not therefore be irrigated from the channels of that trust they should be allowed to withdraw from the trust the surveys had proved that the land in the parish of Murchison vans for the most part rather than that within the present territory of the Rodney Trust, and, therefore, the excision of that parish had to be sanctioned in accordance with the understanding previously arrived at 'the Maryborough Waterworks Trust has owing to its having met with a number of difficulties, and been involved in a law suit, been unable to comply with the law as regards establishing a sinking fund equal to U per cent per annum on the 165 000 which it has borrowed from the Government to supply Maryborough with water. A deputation from the trust waited on the Minister of Water Supply j yesterday and represented the matter to him asking that in view of the exceptional circumstances at tending its case, some concession should be made to it either by accepting for the next few years an amount equal to or ^ per cent instead of 11 percent towards the sinking fund or by deferring the payments towards the sinking fund for a little while Mr Deakin said that he recognised that the trust had, in addition to paying the necessary 40, per cent interest on the loan, done us best to contribute towards the establishment of the requisite sinking fund, but had unfor- tunan I) been surrounded by a number of difficulties in carrying out the works that were not altogether its own fault, which had prevented its complying with the law in that respect, he intended to submit to the Cabinet a bill for introduction into Parliament this session, giving him power in cases of this character to make concessions in the direction stated by the deputation to water trusts situated similarly to the Maryborough trusts The report of the Mining department for the quarter ending June 30 was issued yesterday, its publication having been delayed by the pressure of work at the Government printing office last month. The quantity of gold obtained in the colony during the quarter was 151, 191oz , being 15,90" more than the it Id for the preceding quarter. Increased yields were noticeable in all the mining districts except Maryborough, which had a decrease of nearly 500oz. The amount of gold produced in each district was as follows Ballarat, {¡1,30.07, Sandhurst, .17,48207, Beechworth, 17, 1925, Maryborough, 14 2327 , Gippsland, 12!J31o_, Castlemaine, l_,890uz-, and Ararat, 5, 155oz From alluvial S4,492oz were - obtained, and ID 000 oz. from quartz be gold exported from Victoria during the quarter came to 30 50oz, and specie valued at ÜS31I3 was also exported during that period No gold other than the produce of the colony was exported In all 190 081 tons of quartz were crushed during the year for a yield of 80 38oz., and 1,452 tons of pyrites gave a return of 3,7 Coz, while 107,754 tons of washdirt were puddled and sluiced, from which 15 212 oz. of gold were obtained, and cement amounting to 3 894 tons was crushed during the quarter fora return of 34oz On 30th June 12 215 miners were engaged in quartz mining and 11,553 in alluvial, of whom 20,475 were DuropeuiiB, and 3,328 Chinese Dividends, amounting in the aggregate to £124 233, were paid during the quarter, the amounts dis- bursed in each district being as follows - Ballarat, £54,815 , Sandhurst, £39 000 19s , Beechworth, £11,0 10, Gippsland, £0,000, Maryborough, £r>,441, Castlemaine, £4 800, Ararat, £2 520 The report states that there has been a decided improvement during the quarter in general mining, the prospects of mines in many of the divisions being en couraging Important developments have taken place in connection with the miners in the Omeo district, and the development of the alluvial mines in the Beechworth district has been very satisfactory, while there is good proof that the deep mines of Ballarat and Sandhurst carry gold in remunerative amount. In referring to the distribution of the annual prospecting vote of £80,000 the secretary for Mines in the quarterly report of the Mining department, iSsued yesterday, quer, tioned the advisability of continuing the prospecting boards as at present constituted. He stated that those boards were established in the belief that they would be possessed of exact local knowledge, and that their repre- sentative constitution would cause them to recommend the allocation of the vote in some broader manner than a local distribution. 'This forecast has not, however, been borne out, and it has become evident that some other system must be adopted which, while making knowledge local available, shall eliminate local interests He therefore suggests that the only and the proper course would be to appoint one board for the whole colony, composed of a certain number of known and trusted practical and scientific experts Such a board, Mr Howitt points out, must of necessity be more or less peripatetic, and it would thus obtain that local knowledge which prospecting boards as at present constituted have It would be best calculated to carry out prospecting in a national spirit, and its functions might even be a widened to include not only prospecting for gold but also for metallic ores of economic value. The secretary for Mines, in his quarterly report, speaks in very strong terms against the continuance of the mining boards throughout the colony, as he believes not only that they have outlived their usefulness but that the expenditure of £1,462 a year on them is not warranted by the results obtained When the boards were first estab halted there was a great and urgent work to be done. The auriferous lands of Victoria were held by virtue of miners' rights, and it was necessary to regulate the manner in which the privileges granted were exercised The conditions of the various gold fields varied much and, therefore, the boards had difficult and important problems to solve in the course of the last 25 years, however, the work of framing by laws to regulate mining under miners' rights, and other allied matter has been practically completed. 'The boards have done their work well, and all that now remains to be done is to consoli- date the seven sets of b) laws into one code which is necessarily a work for lawyers had not for the boards It has been urged, Mr Howitt says, as an argument against their abolition that they were the only bodies representing the miners, but he points out that while the boards are elected by the holders of miners' rights, the large majority of those now engaged in mining do not hold miners rights, and he significantly adds -"Any person who ex lends 5s, or for whom "as are ex- pended, three months previous to an election can become the holder of a miner's right, which entitles him to vote Times the mining boards represent now not the miners of Victoria but the holders of miners rights This is a marked distinction which, when properly understood, makes very strongly against the continued existence of the boards. ' 1 he few remaining functions of the boards could, MrJ Howitt states, be performed by the Mining department, while the gold fields' commons, which were more used by selectors than by miners, could be managed locally as to the alienation of auriferous lands the secretary for Mines would prefer to consult the Amalgamated Miners Association rather than the Mining Board as the former more truly represented the miners of Victoria 'The executive committee of the Women's Christian Temperance Union of Victoria yesterday presented a petition to the Minister or" Railways in favour of abolishing the sale of intoxicating liquors at all the railway stations throughout the colony, as had already been done at the metropolitan stations The Union, which claimed to represent nearly 2 000 women in Victoria, and to have branches in all the colonies in Australasia, based its request on the ground that much misery was caused in the country districts by the facilities for drinking afforded at the railway stations, and urged that a saving through a diminished number of accidents, would protect the revenue from any loss from the abolition of the traffic in drink. The president of the Union (Mrs. Love said that the railway re- freshment rooms, BB now conducted, offered continual temptations to travellers, and she had even seen a driver and a fireman leave their engine to go and drink She had also seen women who were not travellers taking drink at the railway stations A further suggestion was made by the deputation that the engine drivers and others in such positions of responsibility should all be total abstain ers i be Premier replied that he sympathised with any movement which had for its object the prevention of the undue use of liquor There was a regulation providing that railway sen ants should not drink at all while on duty and he would lay Mrs Love's statement in that regard before the commissioners He did not think they could intervene in the matter of the engine drivers and others being total abstainers, but, as he had said, they could interfere so far as to prevent their drinking while on duty) he was afraid there would be some difficulty in abolishing the sale of intoxicating liquors altogether at the railway stations through out the colonies A great mail) persons amongst the tens of thousands who travelled long distances considered that the) required a little refreshment, which in eluded drinking and they felt that they were not called on to confine their drinking to water, and he did not think he would be justified in saying that they should not be allowed to take something more stimulating than water However, the Union were justified in endeavouring to reduce to a minimum the evils of which the deputation had spoken, and with that object he would communicate with the Railway Commissioners It was a great degradation for women who were not travellers to use railway stations for the purpose of drinking, but it women were travelling they could not be denied the same [ ad van late as the rest of the community The labouring men engaged under the Railway department in the reclamation works at the West Melbourne Swamp were on strike yesterday, in consequence of a disagreement with the inspector, and sent to the Railway Commissioners a deputation headed by Dr Maloney), M.L.A., to endeavour to have their grievances redressed. Their chief objects were to get pay for overtime, and to have the inspector, whom they described as tyrannical, removed The commissioners informed the deputation that if the men returned to work they would probably find that some of the difficulties complained of had disappeared, and promised that overtime would be paid extra tor. The men, it is expected, will re Hume work to day. Yesterday Mr T de Castella and Signor Bragato, the Government viticulture experts, visited Geelong for the purpose of inspecting the sides of the vine) yards in that district which were intended some years ago with phylloxera, so as to ascertain if the pest still existed there, as had been surmised by some vignerons. As an impression appears to prevail in some of the country districts that the president of a shire, or a mayor of a city, town, or borough, is entitled as a matter of course to be appointed permanently to the position of a justice of the peace when the term for which he was elected has expired, the Minister of Justice has stated that he does not recognise that the principle applies in every case He is aware that many councillors or mayors are well qualified to become magistrates, but for the present it is not his intention to appoint any more justices of the peace, except where there is absolute necessity for his doing so It is probable, however, that in the course of a few months a number of new justices will be appointed to fill vacancies which have been caused in various parts of the colony by deaths or removals of gentlemen who were on the roll of the justices of the peace. There is not much likelihood of the Public Works department agreeing to the proposal that the work of widening and deepening the channel into Corio Bay should be performed by the Ven. Schmidt dredge owned by Mr George Higgins us had been suggested, as it is believed that a retaining wall to contain the sand raised from the bar at the entrance to that bay would have to be erected near Point Henry at considerable expense In addition to that the residents of Elwood have asked the Inspector of Public Works to receive a deputation from them on Wednesday to protest against any further delay taking place in reclaiming the swamp there by extending the time of the contract for the completion of that work so as to permit of the Von Schmidt dredge being sent to Geelong With reference to the offer made by the Otago Harbour Trust to sell to the Government dredge belonging to it which was at present being hired by the Harbour Trust to deepen the bay off the Williamstown piers, so as to enable the Public Works department to hasten the deepening of the channel at Corio Bay), Mr Patterson has declined to accept the offer, as it would not pay the Government to purchase an expensive dredge solely for the purpose of performing tDat work The Railway Commissioners were interviewed yesterday by Mr. M'Lean and Mr Foster, M L A 'a, in reference to the wharf line at Bairnsdale. The deputation stated that the line had been damaged by recent floods in the Mitchell River, and requested that when the commissioners were repairing it they should consider the desirability of constructing it on piles The commissioners promised to consult their officers before determining what should be done in the matter, but stated that whatever was to be done would be done as early as possible, The mayor and several of the councillors of Man borough were introduced to the Minister of Justice yesterday by Mr Outtrim, M LA., and requested that the plans of a new court house to be erected at Marlborough should be prepared as early as possible Mr Cuthbert replied that the request would be complied with, but pointed out that no tenders could be called for the work until this ) year's Estimates had been passed As it seems certain that the mail service by way of San Francisco will be abandoned, and that the Imperial Government is not likely to give assistance to the service by the direct steamers, the Government of New Zealand will, says our Dunedin correspondent, probably propose that that colony shall undertake the home service by direct steamers, and the Imperial Post office the outward service by way of Brindisi and Melbourne, guaranteeing delivery within a certain time. The rate would be 2d each way) and each Government would retain its own particles Assuming that a fortnightly service can be secured for the outward minis tor i ,,000, there will be a difference of £811 in favour of the new arrangement. 'bi-annual sale of stud merino, longwool, and Down sheep will be continued this morning by Messrs Powers, Rutherford, and C i active New Zealand Loan and Mercantile Agency Company s warehouse, when drafts from the best known stud flocks in Tasmania will be offered for sale The list comprises drafts from the studs of Messrs W Gibson and Son (including the Grand Champion prize taker at the A S B A show 1888) W H Gibson, Mr Herbert Gatenby, Mr J B Gibson, Mr T Gatenby Mr John Taylor, Messrs G Parramore, Thos Parramore, W H Bennett G W Keach, H S Smith, It, Kermode, W A Gatenby, Thos Gatenby, and C B Grubb After the sale of the merinoes there will be offered drafts of Southdowns from the flocks of Mr W J Brumby and Mr W G Hogarth These blocks are descended from the pure stock of the Cressy Company, who imported the originals in the early days of the colony Messrs Powers, Rutherford, and Co s catalogue is a large one, consequently the sale will be continued on Friday An interesting lecture on the effect of train- ing on accuracy in shooting was given last night by Commander Hay before members of the United Service Institution There was a good attendance of members, and Major General Tulloch presided The lecturer supported his contention by references to personal experience and his torical illustrations, both from naval battles and engagements between land forces. He was a strong advocate for the use of the Morris tube, not only with small arms, but ordnance, and urged the necessity of an officer exercising a close supervision over the shoot- ing of his men from the time they commence practice as recruits The discussion which followed, though not always to the point, was of exceptional interest, and showed that amongst members of the same force a wide divergence of opinion may exist as to the best method of making a successful rifle shoot for actual service The opinion most widely expressed, however was that at present the younger officers do not sufficiently interest themselves in the shooting of their corps by themselves trying to become first class shots The criminal sittings of the Supreme Court were continued yesterday, before Mr Justice Holroyd, Mr U al*h prosecuting for the Crown John Hyde and Thomas Gould, two young men, were tried on the charge of assaulting Edward Burke with intent to rob him. Mr Fisher defended Gould The case for the prosecution was that Burke was drinking on the afternoon of the 2nd Inst and fell into the company of the two prisoners, who took him to some vacant ground near the Port Melbourne Cricket ground and there assaulted him Burke was very drunk at the time and after the prisoners were apprehended it was found that he had 13s still left in his possession. out of about 30s. which he had when he left his home sober The jury acquitted the prisoners, and they were discharged John Hall and James Hind were charged with breaking into the shop of Mr R W Kennedy, Brunswick street Fitzroy, on the night of the 29th July, and were defended by Mr Phillips. Mr Kennedy s shop was broken into on the night mentioned, and some tins of bah and other goods were stolen from it. On the same night the prisoners were seen in North Fitzroy by two constables and when ordered to stand ran away the policemen followed them but they escaped While they were running they threw away four tins of preserved fish similar to what had been stolen from Kennedy a shop the jury returned a verdict of not guilty, and the prisoners were discharged Michael 'i Trembath, a labourer, was placed on his trial at the criminal sittings of the Supreme Court yesterday, before Mr Justice Holroyd, on a charge of the manslaughter of Alexander Gordon, a buckle) er Mr Mullen defended the prisoner The case for the prosecution was that the deceased Alexander Gordon went to the Clifton Hill station between 11 and 12 o'clock on the morning of the 11th alt He was then very much under the influence of drink, and a conversation was commenced between him and the prisoner, who had also been drinking but was more sober than Gordon, The conversation led to a quarrel, and the two men agreed to go outside the station to fight As they were going out the prisoner turned round and hit Gordon in the face The two then closed, and after a struggle they both fell down against a, wall the prisoner was lifted up and another struggle ensued, in which the prisoner threw Gordon violently on the ground, and the back of his head came in contact with it Gordon after wards went to Heidelberg in a train, and came back from there about half-past 1 o'clock to Collingwood When he got into the train at Heidelberg he was observed to fall in the carriage, and when he arrived at Collingwood he was found lying in the train. The police then took charge of him and first put him in the lock up, but soon removed him to the Melbourne Hospital, where he died at about half-past 5 o'clock on the same day of fracture of the skull After the fight was over at Collingwood Gordon-st down on the platform before he got into the tram for Heidelberg, and the defence was that there was no proof whether the fracture of the skull was due to the fall just before he got into the train to Heidelberg or to some other falls before be reached Clifton Hill station, and after then, when nobody was observing him, or from the falls which he received in the struggles with the prisoner The jury retired at half- past 3 o'clock to consider their verdict, but were not able to agree, and after being locked up for six hours were discharged The prisoner was then remanded An action was brought in the County Court yesterday by Mr J R. Johnson, a carrier, to recover £500 damages from Mr B J Fink and Mr Maurice Aron, trading as XV II Rooke and Co, for injuries alleged to have been sustained by the plaintiff through the negligence of one of the defendants' servants It appeared from the evidence that on the 13th of last March a stableman and driver employed by the defendants drove one of their travellers to the Spencer street Station, but in stead of going straight back to their factory went to Garton's stables in Lonsdale street to see a horse which was there He left the defendants horse and buggy outside while he went into the stable, and before he went outside again the horse bolted with the buggy When it was near St Francis's Church it ran against the plaintiff and his waggon and the plaintiff was knocked down, run over, and seriously injured The case was heard before Judge Casey and a jury of four and the jury returned a verdict for plaintiff, damages £125 Mr Duffy appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr Leon for the defendants A crowded and enthusiastic meeting of gentlemen engaged in pastoral pursuits was held last evening at Scott's Hotel. Mr H M Young occupied the chair, and delivered an address urging the absolute necessity for pastoralists joining the Pastoralists' Union in order to resist the Shearers Union Mr Young's remarks were received with much applause, and their effect was shown by all present elgin lying their membership by signing the rules of the union. A resolution was passed appointing a council for the ensuing year. The first meeting of the council will take place this afternoon at 2 o'clock at 476 Collins street. Messrs Gemmell, Tuckett, and Co held! a very successful sale of oil paintings and water | colours at their new art gallery yesterday, on account of Messrs H Koekkoek and Sons, London There was a very large attendance, and Borne brisk competition was experienced The following are a few of the prices realised "Threading the Needle," by Cecchi, £70, "The Dispute, by G Portielge, £G210s , "A Fruit Stall, Venice," by Oliver Rhys £50, "A Storm in the North Sea by I, H B Koekkoek, £55 "The Rivals," by A Orselh, £40, "An Old Bachelor," by Gerald Portielge, £40 , " The Forum, Rome," by Mdlle de Brandeis, £38, ,' Fishing," by L! Semmouski, f V 10a , Counting the Citeh," b) Laurent!, £34, " Feeding the Geese," by Prof Monegatta, £10 , " A Grey Day," by J H Hooper, £25, Cattle, by Roelop, £22, " Street Scene, Am sterdam," b) V Koekkoek, £22, " Near I Naples, by Mdlle de Brandeis, £20 , "Ina Cellar,' by 13 lienza, £20, " Liindvoort Holland," by J H B Koekkoek, £17 10s , "Another Day and The Church on the Hill b) J H Hooper, £17 each Playful Kittens," by H, Bonner. £14 5s , " The Lovers "byGuinea £14, Rochester bridge," by J H Hooper, £10 -heartier or railway accommodation on the Hawthorn line came before the local council again last night. The Railway department acknowledged receipt of the council's letter and report on the matter Councillor Westley expressed surprise that the commissioners had not given some satisfactory answer He said he did not wish every council night to be harping on this matter, but in the interests of the ratepayers he felt bound to agitate until the proper accurate dation was provided After a short discussion, the matter was postponed till next meeting Councillor Edgerton moved ' That a letter be forwarded to theTîmlwuy department, through Captain Taylor, M L A , asking that periodical tickets between Melbourne and Glenferrie and Melbourne and B Barker's road should be interchangeable at the same fare, so that the residents in the northern portion of Hawthorn may be free to travel on the Kew line, so as to relieve the Hawthorn line The motion was seconded by Councillor Russell, and carried unanimously Copies of a memorial to the University Council, requesting the institution of evening lectures at the Melbourne University, have been placed services are at Mullen's Library, Cole's Book Arcade, and the Working Men a College A a special meeting of the Victorian Artists' society, held on Tuesday night, it was resolved to accept an offer of the Free hold Investment Company to provide the artists with a gallery for a term, until plans for their permanent building shall have been matured The new premises will be next St Paul s Cathedral, in Flinders street, and will give ample wall space, in well- lighted galleries, thus meeting the great want felt by artists of an attractive suite or rooms in a central position The life classes and sketch club will still be carried on at the old gallery on the Eastern Hill A lecture by Archbishop Carr on " Some Tendencies of Modern thought will be de is very] before the Melbourne University) Union in the Wilson hall University, this evening, at 8 o'clock Visitors who have been unable to obtain tickets will be admitted on presentation of cards The first concert of the youngest of the metropolitan musical societies, the North Suburban Choral Union, was given on I nea day evening at the Ascotvale Masonic hall, the stage of which was completely filled by the performing members of the union, numbering some SO vocalists and instrumentalists The programme was a miscellaneous one It included several part songs, in which a well balanced body of tone, combined with careful attention to the nuances, was noticeable The orchestra of the union was heard to advantage in several numbers, one of which - a Spanish Dance, No 1, Mos7kowski-was re demanded Songs were successfully sung by Miss A M'Donald and Mr Nixon, and Barnett s trio I he Magic Wove Scarf " was contributed by Miss M Donald, Mr Paterson, and Mr Nixon A flute solo- ' Rave d un Bal, Clinton-played by Mr F Wilson, received a pronounced encore The musical direction was in the hands of Mr E A Jager, the conductor At the next concert, to be given in December the society will produce Mendelssohn a ' Lauda Sion, and a sell action of English part Bonus 'Lee city organist, Mr David Lee, will give a recital on the Town Hall organ this after noon, commencing at 4 o'clock. The following additional subscriptions in aid of the United Service Home are desired to be acknowledged by the hon treasurer Major Stanley Sir Wm T Clarke. £100, 6 Fairbairn, £10 , C M Officer, M L A , annual subscription (donation £10 previously luck nowled^d), £10, V T S Stephen, £5 Cr James Bell, M L C , £5 5s , the Chief Justice, £5, Casey and O Halloran, £2 2" , Lieutenant A E Hull, £1 Is T Harris, M L A , £1 la , M Kidston and Son, £1 Is , total to date, 295 14s We have received from Messrs Stillwell and Co the dissimilar Medical Jour nat for August Messrs, C J and T Ham advertise that they will sell by auction to day suburban properties at Brighton, Canterbury, and Brunswick At the monthly meeting of the Collingwood Creche Committee, the matron reported the attendance of children for the past four weeks to have been d12 Mr M M Gillivray will lecture on the New Hebrides at the School hall, Presbyterian Church, Essendon, next 1 Friday evening at 3 o'clock Admission will be free but a collection will be made. Mr. M'Gillivray was one of the delegates from the Presbyterian Church of Victoria who recently visited the New Hebrides Mr t> V A Lavater, secretary of the Centennial International exhibition is in viting tenders by advertisement for the purchase of a quantity of electric lighting plant used at the Exhibition Tenders close on Saturday. 