TAjSQTY fate. Miss Maxtaldci ix The Pali Matt. Budget. • Men have few outlets for their, vanity. Tattoo marks arc the favorite form of adornment among the wealthy and indolent classes. Lord Charles Beresford has tattoo murks all over him, so have Lord Clifford and the son of the Prime Minister. It is, military and sporting men who go in for this decoration mostly. I was in the workshop of Mr Macdonald, the tattooist in Jerinyn-street one day, and saw him at work on a gentleman's arm. The latter was being ornamented, with the star of his regiment. Air M'Donald showed mc hundreds of designs; but the dragon, die tiger, and the snake are three of his most popular patterns. To have a large dragon on the ehest is the ambition of most men. This is a most difficult part of the body to tattoo,; the arm takes the operation easiest. The tattooist works in various colors—in red, blue, green, brown, and dark violet, as well as in black. I asked liiin whether lie counted many women. among his customers. Tlicy were in the minority, lie said, but he had tattooed a good many women at different times. AYith women the decoration is usually a bee, a butterfly, a spray of flowers, or a, monogram. These ornaments are worn inside the wrist, so that they can be hidden by the glove if necessary. UTr M'Lonakl also produces beauty spots. A short time ago he put two on the face of a lady well known iu society. "Whether tlicy are really " beauty spots" is a moat question. They resemble a mole more than anything. Taste in hosiery is degenerating. The newest stockings are nearly all in bright colors. If tlicy are black they have gay patterns. Stripes are being run on now. For evening wear, chocolate and pale blue, pink and brown, gold and brown, and gold and black arc mixtures that sell. Lor day wear thin vertical stripes ou a black ground, blue or gold for choice, get the preference before other patterns'. Cashmere stockings with transparent, open- work fronts are now procurable at a low figure. There arc 110 symptoms of the plain, straight skirts going out of vogue, iu spite of the talk about panicrs and flounces. The little drapery that is worn amounts to a few wavy lines at the top of the skirt. Fashion was never,.more rational than at present. Now the high shoulders have come down there isn't even a protuberauce to object to, 'So the work of the Kational Dress Society is lost; there is nothing left to agitate for now. It looks as if everybydy were sick of dress reform humbug. Sensible women couldn' t stand the divided skirt. It was fuirly tested as a petticoat this summer, and found to be an impossible girment. The depot of the Kational Dress Society in Sloane-strcet was broken up recently. Low-necked and short-sleeved frocks are goinng out of fashion for babies, they told me at a "West-end lilliputian shop. " "Where we sell one low-necked baby's frock now," said the saleswoman, " we sell a dozen with high necks." This is good news, indeed. But there is still ample room for improvement ou infant's clothes. In this matter mothers might take a wrinkle from the Kational Dress people. Their idea of dressing a baby is to wrap it in three layers of wool—three woollen garments, that is. This seems by far the most sensible way of clothing an infant. In the ordinary way a baby woukl have 011 nlxiut double that number of garments. They would be of liuc,too. Woollen garments are not a fashion among infants, unfortunately ; they are not con sidered pretty enough. Everyone is familiar with the system iu vogue amongst drapers for pricing their articles. There is idwavs an odd farthing. Bundles of calico,for instance, lie at the doorticketedSjfd. a yard ; cheap shirts arc in the window at" Is. 11 Jd ; hats at 2s lljfd., and so on. Ton rarely seo an even price, and the buyer scarcely ever gets the odd farthing, the tradesman preferring to give i>ius, or hairpins, lead pencils, needlos, crocket hooks, or some other trilling articles. This farthing system is not much more than twenty years old. It was introduced first in Scotland by a man who still lives, and who thereby received the name of " Farthing Johnny." This man, who began life in a very liumblo way, now keeps a steam yacht, lives in a mag nificent house, and is the owner of a castle as well as of a large business. Some small chandlers' shops in poor districts are supported on tlicir farthing trade. A farthing bundle of wood, a farthing's worth of pepper, of pickles, of sugar, of salt, of mustard, of matches, of sweets, and so ou—such is the legend from morning till night repeated in these shops. Not long ago wo (the Drr/prr.i' Jlemril) were shown over a large con fectionery and biscuit factory, where several hundred men were employed. " This factory," said the proprietor, " is entirely supported by farthings. "What we make is sold in farthing packets, and the profit is consequently much greater, for we give less in four separate farthings' worth than in one penny worth, on account of the extra labor iu packing." Ami it is tliis extra labor that makes the poor farthing purchaser have to pay more than the well-off. Crepe do Chine, plain, broelie or embroidered, in all colors, light and dark, but largely in wbifb. is the favorite fabric for elegant summer toilettes, and will be very fashionable again for dinner and eveniug dresses in the -winter. The old ways of putting on lace flounces arc being revived again, that is, straight around the bottom of a skirt, or caught up iu festoons, sis one sees in pic tures of the times of Louis XV. or Louis XVI. A pretty trimming for young girls' corsages of crepon or crepe de Chine is a scries of smidl cubes or lozenges made of narrow velvet ribbon, black on white, pink or blue, wliitc on almost all colors. Air Joaquin Miller, the American poet, when on a recent visit to Xowstead Abbey, was envious about the famous ghost in the tower—the apparition " in cowls and sandals " whom Byron gravely claimed to have seen a short time before his ill starred marriage. So, it appears, are most, pilgrims to this " homo and liaiiiit" of an Euglish poet—the Princess'"of "Wales not excepted. Airs Webb, wife of Colonel "Webb, tlic present proprietor of the Abbey, is Air Aliller s authority for tlic " comic little incident " which befel the Princess on tlio occasion of liev recent visit. The three rooms in the tower—in which, by tlie way, Air Miller contrived to pass a niglit, without; how ever, seeing anything supernatural —arc reached by ascending a narrow spiral staircase, and have no othcringrcss or egress. It happened that two servant maids were in these rooms when the Princess, at the head of lvev party, ascended, and laughing at tlie idea of meeting a gliost, entered un heralded. Passing through the dressing room, and then the spacious bedroom, furnished as far as possible -with tlic appointments used by thepoet, she passed, on to the page's room, and here she poked her parasol into a dec]),' dark; curtained alcove, saying to the 'party [ pressing after her, '' But J> want to see j the ghost." Horrors'. the''point or her parasol struck a solid body. '' There was ' a screech and a scream, and the - Princess sank into tlio arms of the Prince of Wales, wkilo a pretty rosy; maid; fell forward j before tlio Princess, piteously begging her pardon, 