. `'"'AR= F 'RME'FARK T:.b' ..i - Ile lihteral mcanig of thlie aord t.Fair in its commercial sense, is *a 'free market." lIii othlri odrils a'"'fair" means' t' market it ?iici' allan.l every niitsy purchasd or not ivithoui!being 'subjected to, fee bor tx, ,fnil 'also where all and every can sell without any such disabilities as attach to ordinary mar kets. :At one time the fairs in England mwere great features in the social and industriallife of the people ; but, since the establishmenit of railways, and, the :quicker intercommuni- TI cation which has resulted, these fairs have pretty well died ,out, a matter: perhaps .ior C regret, in some respects, brt inevitable nuder the cliangcd conditions o? the oistionial life. D Here in Australia, fairs are unknown. :Iin deed ser y:little of the old fashioned methods obtain in these fast go-ahead colonies. Life is not .so slow and lethargico asin Europe, and business is done. with a movement aid force to which, even in this:day, fei pio-e. vineial folk in the old country are accus tomed. This, hobwcver, is a necessity, fol lowing upon our ficer and more prosperous condition, as well as the awakened energies j and intelligence of the last half century. Life, too, though longer in its' average thanl our worthy' forefathers enjoyedi is still too sh'it for slow or cumbrous methods;.and the art now is sought in all directions to do as much iiilsihbiouras'100 yea?s ago was ac complished ini a week.' : This, however, is not a matter for marvel. If w" live-at" higher. pressure, we obtain.i. higher rewards than the old folk could ipos sibly earn. The average earning capacity, J and therefore of 'expenditure,' is a hundred fold greater, and is more equally distributed than in those "good 'old days" which senti mentalists are continually regretting- people.':by the way, who are of similar sap. 9 less constitution to that of Lord MaIneirs s who wrote :- . e " Lt scienc., learning, arts antind commerce die, But give us back our own nobility." e People nowadays have money to spend; and u as education andl a higher intelligence have taught them how to spend it wisely, we find e great establishments, stich as Foy and Gib-' z son's, of Smith-street, Collingwood, springing into existence, whose purpose it is to supply ' to a well-to-do polpulation, the comforts, the necessaries, the elegancies and refinements of home life. o ebre we pause to make a correction. We have said that' fairs are unknown in Aus tralia.' WVe ane. -wrong.., At this present mombent, the firm 'we have mentioned, Messrs. Foy and: Gibson, are conducting a gigantic Fair, and to use a. graphic, though if perlihaps somewhat vuiilgar, expression, t'it is a sight 't do sore e;yes good." Any theatrical ~t manager whd'inay happen' past Messrs. Foy aind"Gibson's : great shops during the day. p, must,' inileed, have a 'large and generous i" mind if lie' forebears from a sigh'of envy as lie notes the throng and press of lpeople into st and out of those places.- All moved by the se one impulse--an eager desire .to avail them selves of the advantages:offered by boy niud Be Gibson to 'purchasers during their great SFair. as .To the benevolent mind it must give-plea sure to reflect that at least 90 per cent. of n 'these crowds are rendered happier by their atteindance at this Fair.. The young wife who has become piossessed of one of those er elegant mantle-, of which such niumbers'of ft surpassing beauty and grace are exhibited, will have a sweeter temper and more con Ip tented spirit than has hitherto' ruled her. The matron who has secured one of' those splendid Brussels carpets at 4s. 6d..per. yard n' will feel a greater pride than ever in he' n home. The country gentleman who has pur chased his suites of furniture for the.home to k- vhiich'e"sijai prurently"'condiucdt"ahs' bride' Sis filled with a.sense of importanice and re sponsibility, to which hitherto ,during his as shiftless slovenly bachelor days, he has been ad an utter straniger. In a word, it is impossible for a reflecting observer.to, look., on at the as ceaseless influx and out-flux cf visitors to th'e show to be insensible' to thie circuminstance that these fairs serve' a higher purpose thati perhaps ever entered into the calculation of the originators themselves. We mdo not sup pose , that -Messrs.' Foy, and Gibson,; when k. contemplating the establishment of- these fairs, took into reckoning the philanthropic aspect of the matter. But as a -rule moral .ro good follows upon all honorable enterprise, and 'Messrs. 'Foy . and Gibson, whei they reckon their jprofits, may, if they please, add s" to 'them the important, though intnngible' i: balance of an increased popular content It ment. ': it Thlere is another lesson to learn fro m these facts,'. ani' that 'is, that in tlhe hands"of capable meni no' affairs, hoiever intricate or complicated, are beyond the influence:of lie method.: The rules by which this great Ces ig: tablishment'is governed;n are even' as the laws of the Medles and Persians., 'A flied system \--result of long experience-and large busi ness experience, controls every detail of the business, so ,that matters go on like nmachi. nery, and.. to our mind, with much of the throb and pulse of the steam engie. 'Some' ideamay be formed. by those iwho have'never visited Foy and Gibsori's piremises of their size when we inform them that the lie frontage extends 220 feet to. Smith-street, en and that there is a depth, to Little Oxford th street of 200 feet. The great show .roonms, es filled with the costliest of. feminine raimeiht lie are enormous apartments'. ,We 'wonder' if' se ghosts of departed belles assemble here o' nights and, amidst dainty silks aRiild elvets, y and laces, and other bewildering' n'atters ty taste again some slight flavor of'the delights of which once moved them' in the flesh: W1e do not believe in ghosts, but, as we have Mr. 'y Shakespeare's authority that there are more y things in heaven and earth than aredireatint 'ly of in our philosophy, it may be on the cards' that ghosts of departed fair ones do revisit' ic these scenes of first delights and mingle in rd spiritual sympathy with the substantial in throng at Foy and Gibsona's Fairs. id People- ladies in particular-who want a new sensation, ought to spend an hour or two to at Foy and Gibson's Fairs, andt if they), having done so, do not experience a sensation he as of one who has has behelt a nrew revela tion, all we can say is that they must be as very blaxe and llayed out. For such people there is but one resou: ce-patent--medicines. \--aDvT.] 