'DRIFT.' /? Washed ashore -1 There iras a crowd on the beach that morning A sullen sun struggled through the grey clouds, And looked down upon the scene — a frail .- spar u«r £wo floated out to sea — a dis ? mantled hulk tossed in the distance on still heaving billows, the remains of Hffcrreck; 9 the beach the «au sunlight fell up 9n ?? whastly spectacle. . From the £and 7 a^^jiuweed where they lay, dead- faces \- -f cold and white — eyes ' whose L Iwx of , life liad gone out -last night when stv .-- fierce tongues of flame had lit up the -? -f Jlrife and torment of st-a and air— ej ea , - / . whose laxt of earth had teen that diuolv L ing view of flame, and wreck, and boiling a warns. K-* /IHere, Steve, lend a hand.' Ocb, it'* dead she is entirely. Look ^r'r. this ' boy, arr* there's breath — lifo in ? ?. him. Where's the whisky? Sure an' ? ?yjt'! call back the life, if it's within Ti**'- ihearin'.' ./?v;- ???'?,.» '-Hera's Chsrl(p. Make way' for Dr. ' ? Charlie,' some of the men failed out U ' /. « ith that fondness in the cone which de, h-- ; ? noted a general fjvoFito. -; A young man with a grave and eager ; face drew near. The east wind raised * browncnrlyjoeks from off a brow white ; - j and smooth as a child's. The eyes, brown ,- ? . c. and fearless, seemed to look for into the ?leptbs of being, to scan motives, to read j . tbe strango;.hier»glyphics of the human ! heart. / None of those rough men would ^ ^ hare lied to Dr. Charlie ; but they would i never have ownod that it was because y*- I hey. feared hw J, but rather because tlioy J loved him.. * ' ' . tfe stopped by ihe body of a yo'ing ? - Ionian.. ,A ' 'i 'Och, an' she'll nirer draw breath 1 again,' aald one. ? / Bat Dr. Charlie was not so kure. He j.;| utthe men at work in ever y direction: , | be ordered restoratives, be prescribed . f various remedies, lie'' put ihu men to a various tasks in the way oCcukbing with ' Jj spirits. But this' woman, tbe only woman ? M: s*ved-^for he bad detected a faint sign of '& jS life— what should be done with her 1 r .«? 'She most be ' taken to the nearest '?: M bouse, that is all ; and they must take 4S -ber lnr' decided Dr. Olu^rlie. ' ? ? Tho -nearest house was a neat littie \- wwUtettox, with a bit of a gardenia front, ^(£and tiny walks; bordered with white \- Vjrashed oyster shells., ' AU was prim' and , -3-rwi»e«« themisUVssi wjio stood sfiul i ' 'i*S btreyes with a thin hand u the mm 1 ' vjre the ghastly bntden to the gate, ^ fPr* Charlie /^psnedJtwithout pause, b' -9Ki^)imtedt|on jwif^lromanity, Mia UU' im.^ Qu*' poor girl's H|^^v^Vtal%#avc-l( tUere^)o tima to be B*wy JopJivd white, fixed tbe dim tliemarbl* as. ifvdeatb But Miss Hepsy, though she longod I 'intensely to wash out the mud tracks at ; once, controlled her ! desires, and made i herself useful. With a sigh of relief, she i saw the men go out, leaving only Dr. Charlie and herself with the stUl in- 1 sensible girl. They chafed her hands and ; forced brandy between her lips. ' Why, bless us, she'smarried I ' cried i Miss Hepsy, holding np the left hand, where the tfiin thread of a gold ring i flittered. ' The poor young thing ! One ] eart will be sore after her.' ' Oh, we'll save her,' said Dr. Earn- j ?havre. ' There is more flexibility now, i and a feeble pulse.' ?- : Even as he spoke, he had a strange, i sensation about this girl— as if he were 1 somehow controlling ner fate,, and bring- 1 ing hot back to - a world of sorrow. If I those 'white lips could speak, iuizht they act say, ' Let me go— -let me glide out i of all the ills of life into the great peace of death-? ' Perhaps the uatmvelled ( glooms and avenues of 'death might be i sweeter to this weaqr soul than any path I of life, and yet he was forcing her back 1 into earth's thorny ways. ' It seemed but ia vague speculation. 'Yet this woman | appealed to his inmost sympathies as one who had come through great tribulation. 1 . A warmer tinge began to hover over - the white face: He saw a faint -tremble I in the golden curve of the eyelids— a pale i rose tint touched the lips. Miss Hepsey had wound up the damp 1 yellow hair into a great coil that seemed 1 like n glittering crown. What a rare and - lovely face it Was, with the beauty of a lilly in the sun 1 ( ?'I declare if she don't look like-one - of them ere' sculped saints,' said Miss i Hepsy, admiringly. 'She's too pooty to be thrown about on beaches like an \ old chip.'' : ; - t iliss Hepsy talked aslf the storm and i waves should have had respect for looks in tlieir wild frolics, an idea which made I D.lv Earnshawe smile. .[ We'll have her all right in no time,' f lie.aaid, 'and as pretty as ever, in spite of the liberties of the .waves, with your food nursing, Miss Hepsy,' and he 1 ofred. : t ' I do hate mortally to be messing over i sick vittles, to be sure,' said Miss Hepsy; 1 but — ' . ' I ' A work of mercy,' suggested Dr. Charlie.; 'and for the expense I'll be responsible.' . - t Si- the maiden lady's mind was set at 1 rest, and slie went down stairs at once £ to concoct something stimulating and I nourishing for the invalid, _ Dr. Earnshawe remained alone, -watoh- t ing the strange, mysterious process of c returning animation. } . .Where had the life gone that was now by SIjw and subtle changes coming bask c to this beautiful casket ? Where had it i found an abiding place — to what far t realms of earth and air? A stir, a convulsive thrill a broken ex- j clamation disturbed his thoughts. With c spasmodic strength the girl raised her i head and reached out Jier hands. The ^ blue eyes, dark with pain and dilated a with terror, fixed themselves on Dt. . Charlie's face.' 'Where — where is it 1' she cried. . a JDr. Eamshawe touched her brow with ? 'a carressing tunch we give* to*' a' cmldrwo ^ love. ' ' My poor girl,' ha asked,' ' what is ? it ? ' , riho looked at him with a strange ter- f ror and a shudder convulsed her frame. .} Some half uttered word -died, on the lips t which faded once more to their ashen hue. The faint rose tint flitted, away from cheek t and lip again, and she fell back on- the bed in a dead swoon. ( 'Ah, all my work to do over again,' said Dr. Charlie, with a sigh, as he plied her patiently with more restoratives. : ' I think I was right about tho poor pirl. j Life has not been all sunshine and roses , to her. So wonder she is not in a hurry to come back to it.' f But she did come back to it in time. ] she took np the burden, whatever it was, . atla^t. Kot in'the old way, hilt quietly, . and with a deep sigh, she opened lier eyes. She did not say a word. t '?Now I will leave her to yon, Miss Hepsey,' Dr. Enriiaimn-o-jaid. 'AVitli feeding up she'll get dn. Don't let: her : talk much yet awhile/' 1 'Lor' bless ye, doctor I.' . said . Jliss ? Hepsy, bustling about with her -bawl of ' gruel, 'why should I want her to talk ? 1 hain't the least curiosity in '? tho world, i It would bo all one to meet' ina -'if. she : was deaf and dumb, fur as prying aiid finding out . was concerned; not . as I'd -j wisbiier afflicted, poor thing 1 Now, some , folks would,.' - j ' I know ; it's all right,' Raid the doctor. 'I'll call in the morning. 1 j must see to the others.'' The girl's eyes followed him wistfully , as he passed out of the j-eom. Snmu un- , spoken question seemed to hover on her -, bps. . . . 'Spesk out, if you feel. |t would' ease j your mind, ' M ss Hepsy said, aching to t know all about her strange guest. , 'Thank yoa. I will sleep,, if you;. 1 pleoso,' and. the wistful eyes closod 1 wearily. .. t But Miss Bepsy.saw a slight «tiuilili-r, , and heard the word ' others Repeated, j 'I reckon' slio's in a bad way about. J somebody that was on that 'erd boat,' i Mi s Hepsy decided ; 'but if she won't' t sneak out free, I can't help her; should' t tliiulLshe'd nigh about bu'st -up witli tho thinking that she keeps up, .. 'thont open- j ina them lips/' , j For the patient litterally obeyed the- c doctor's «rders, and kept- very quiet all - day, swallowing all that was offered with. - alow 'Thank yon,'- and then turning i wearily to the' wall, as 1 1 she never cared t to look at anything in tbe world ' aguin, t But life, colour an3 strength came back - as surely as if she had ardently prayed -a fdr them all, instead of- lying there in c such stony indifference. - 'Oh, yes: she'a well enough,' Miss. .« Hepsey replied to tbe doctor's Inquiry at g tho door fn the moming ; 'and 1 reckon you won't find her ihe wins for talking. a -Why, she hain't propounded a single ^ question to. me, but toko* it all as natcral i -rboin'nere— asifl'd roisod her. Now, that a!n,t in natu'r— not as I tako it,' c ' Well, she is veiy weak,' Dr, Charlie c. com i^nced.- ' . v *' 'Oh, fiddlesticks,' Miss Hepsy said, i with an indignaut sniff ; 'if I should wake up in h^tven souu morning, do « you think Viame no remarks but make t out I'd beeuj^Bngel all in/ Ufa ? It's I mr vpUim&am.; -;?- ?- - . s dj'tnlon. mjrAnt I the door, ' I don't know whether-you'll recognise him ag'in, but here's the gentle man who saved your life, by the blessing of God.' . The young girl raised a pair of sad eyes to Dr. Charlie's face,- and seeming to find I it pleasant to look at him, did not turn | away. A faint color came to her cheek as ho took her hand. ' What 1 sitting np already,' he aaid j cheerily. ' This speedy Tecovery is a1 great compliment to my skill.' Sho appeared weak eniugh, though, j bolstered up in an old crimson stuffed j chair, her delicate face looking like- a clear-cut white cameo against it. ? Miss Hepsy had done her best with the blue I merino dress, but it looked old and -worn-, - with' carefully darned places here' and there. . . -. 'I must get well,' she said.. I have | no time to-.be sick.' 'No time 1 Ah, we all take time for that.' 'I wish to God I had diedJ' exclaimed the girl with a violence that made X-r. Earnshawe start and drop her hand. . ?He was glad that Miss Hepsy had. gone out of the room. But by a great effort the girl calmed herself. She looked like a girl in spite [if the glittering .thread of gold -on her finger which proclaimed her a married woman. ' ' Excuse hie, -doctor; you have been kind to me — you meant it f or.kindness ; but never mind, tell me about the Dthers.' ' 'You had better not talk of those terrible scenes yet,' Dr. Charlie said salmly;, 'the. mere 'memory of such a ihockis enough to unsettle you.'! - ' You must tell me ; 1 shall not get well if you don't,'. : she said nervously, ind Dr. Charlie thought Bhe was anxious ibout lier husband.: ' Was any one dear to you on board 1 ' lie inquired. A strange look flitted across the beauti ful face. ' My husband was there.' Ah, here was a task for the new doctor. Sow could he break the terrible news to this poor young wife ? He knew that lot one of the four men saved could be lier husband ; Jie had seen them all that caorning, and knew all about them. - ' ?' What was his name ? ' ' Never mind ; don't ask me yet ; but -ell me how soon I shall bo able to move, t have no money. I can never pay this ;ood woman for her care. I cannot af ford to rest. ? How soon can I go 1 ' Dr. Charlie felt such ani .infinite pity -Tercome him as he looked at the frail :reature lying in the chair that he could lardly speak. 'Yon must not talk of moving,' he laid : 'itwould.be death, When you ire aJ)Lj — I — you saw, I suppose — ' hesi ialii!g,iy- . ? ' Oh, yes ; -but I must get -away . from iere,' the girl said, in a nervous way, ilasping her thin white hands together with a sort of repression of inward train which the gentleman felt with a thrili-of-' lympathy. 0 ' ' l'romiso' me to be content for one iveek, and wo will see,' said Dr. Charlie, ind lie hoped ivich for that week. ..jU the_ei'l Ot it. Dj.JPharJte. c^me. in. fflthnis usual clierry laugh. v -£ Well, Misfl Hepsy,' he cried out, ' all the patients from the WTCck are off ray hands but this one. ' I saw tKe last fellow off with Kis mother-just now. Oh, how she hung around his nock' an3 thanked mo 1 ' # - - 'Did they all go off with friends 1 jaid a low voice from the window. The doctor thought it must be as a Icattuk'nell to her hopes when he said, — ' t£s.' . Miss Hepsy bustled down, to get tea, ind the doctor sat silently waiting to thiuk of some word'of comfort, but the woman broke the silence. ' I know what ' . .you - are thinking ibout,' she said ; bufcyon are mistaken. C am glad — glad 1 ' ?; ., Then the doctor was too much sur prised to speak. ? . 'Perhaps you have never- beard in. this favoured country- o£. husbands' wjio »re. brutes,' sho went otj rapidly; ?' men jowards, wlio -vent every ' malignant feel ing, every disappointment on the poor miman whom tlio law lias given them, fiiik of slavery as tho {2ngli3h;'do — there ire no worse Slaves than most of tho ivives of their -working nlen. I know— I lmvo,enilnreJ it for two years. Ah, it is over— I am free I ' \- But,' said Dr. Charlie, still hesitat ing, ' excuse mo — you do. not speak like tbo: wife ' of a ? working mtui— your language — ' ' I will tell you alL You '-havo been, kind to i|ie,'-sajd tho poor creature, her' :hueks flushed, and her eyes glittering with excitement. ' I shall feel better to talk to soiHo ono. I have had sorao edu ction; but 1'vo always been miserably poor; The first-I can recollect is living in ono of those tenement houses in Lon don— in .a. stuffy, close., room, where we looked and. slijpt;. My mother sewed half tlio night, Uut sho taught me, ' She liad seen better days, but hud 'run away [o marry a dissipated and improvidont man'. She was a widow, and her. friends liad cast tier olT. I remembei' one dread ful November day when a kind of sleoty rain was falling.. We had no fire«t and the sharp wind crept through e,vory crack ind pinchod us with cold. 1 think my mother must havo been in a despairing Mood for days, but it lind uifule no great ifnpression on my childish riiind. - 1 stood it the window, drearily looking out at the puddled of sl'usli and water, and the drip-, ping* from tlio wmni-oaten gutters that node dirty dimphs in thorn now and then. Oh, how it' all cumes back -to me »-d»y 1 My mother cum u towordmo. ' ' Here, Nell/ she said, iput this ihawl 'about you, fiir you look nigh slaininod, with cold.' , ' Aud what will ynu do, mother 7' I tsked, for slio was taking thu shawl, from ibout her own. shoulders. - ''Oh, I'ui warm enough, 1 -she an iwered. * I fuel as if l had firo In my veins; b. side, I'm going to drinlc this, md ril.nevei fuel cold again/ ' Bhe was dropping some dark stuff out -f a vial whiin i-ho said this, and I oriod j'ut,— '? ' ' Qlvo roe some loo, mother, of the urondurful stuff/. 'But she smiled— oh', such a bittor initio I I'felt, child as 1 was, ilmt somo ;hing was vrruiiu, and-' I; watched her, mlf afraitr, at shu - sat Silent for a tima fith.llor lipad on 1/or hniid, Thai^.I wordJinr t*Ti— * I think— she'll, forgive you then— when I'm gone— people can't be angry with the dead— I believe— and she's very comfort able— you'll be better off/ _ ' ' Then I noticed the change in my mother's face— tho strange, convulsed, new face that seemed to-, have taken-, the place of the' dear familiar one, and my soreama of grief and terror brought in a crowd. But I. make my stoty too long. She was dead 1 dead bycher own ' band 1 The dark . drops were laudanum. Don't think she jva s a sinner,' ' cried : the girl, fiercely, turning on the doctor ^ - ' don't judge her.' :-????' ' I will.not, I' assure you. God . for bid, ' said'Dr. Charlie. 'Do not go ;on : 'I will make the rest short,' she said, ' I went to my aunt's— a grim, iron-grey, old maid. She had been-once on the eve of being married, aid had even her wed ding dress made, when the gentleman found his courage fail, and left for part j unknown. Her fierceness against thp other sex amounted to insanity. ~ ' ' ' No followers, girl,' she said 'sternly, when I first went to her, 'I was only twelve and did not under stand, what she meant, bub as I grew, older she made the matter plain in many a tirade and lecture. I had a miserable life of it, but even so I should not have left it for—' ' here the voice stopped for a moment. ' Oh, let me get over it,' she went on impatiently. ' I had to work hard enough, but I had enough to eat, and 'I Alight to have been happy,'' with some scorn in the tone?. 'One- day 1 hap pened to be canght in the rain. A young man who — well, who had expressed some admiration for me, overtook ? me, and held an umbrella over me to my aunt's door. I had never specially cared for J emBates— ? a bettle-browed, black-haired fellcfsv, with awful gloomy eyes ; but be seemed good-,, natured, and I could not refuse the shelter of his umbrella inapelting storm. ' Oh, how long I'm making this 1' My- aunt met me with a scathing look. - - ' Turn about— tramp I' she screamed. 'Is this -the end of all I've-done for you ?' and she went oh in tbe most fear ful way, raving like a., delirious per son. . 'So she turned me. ? out— out into the fearful storm, and, I had not a friend.' ? .' The doctor exclaimed, ' Poor child 1' and 'he never once looked at his. watch or thought of his other patients. But the young m£n, Jem Bate9, was not far off. flo -soon came back; . He had offered himself to me once before, and lie-did so^^d at once, with the rain dripping dorfil'$tebim- aud making little rivulets in his bllck hair. I was reckless. Lsaid ' Yes ' then, though I had said ho before, and he took rue to his mother's. As sosn as it'could be arranged, we were married. Then began for me a hell upon earthy ' Passionate, stupid, obstinate, cruel— I need not go on. ' Wo sot saiUjhMihis country, 'whsre we hoped to ge^Fpft. The storm came. I welcomed it as an angel from God sent to bring me deliverance. Don't shudder or hate ine when I tell you that I sprang first into the seething haters. I wanted 1 r f ii |Vi 1 1 [j | |f| ; iViiiiiI' il Inni i1n ll' friendly, cool arms. 'Vou — you brought me back. Iio\r could you atone for that if you had - not brought me the good tid ings that my tjTant is gono ?' Poor Nell leaned backwearily in her chair, tirod, biit with something of the old pain gone from her pale face. Her pathetic oyes seemed still asking for all she had missed in life — truo hap piness, true love— but her lips were ' silent. The next moment it was ull with in her grasp. A ? Dr. Chai^grNlt a- great tide of love and pity pou& y to- his heart. All his prudence was' stamped by that flood. The beautiful face before him Bhone'like one of Raphael's MadomiM. ; rosy white it gleamed against the crimson chair. ? ' Let me save you from tho storms of life from this time.' lid said, leaning down and putting his hand softly on the golden hair. Nell . looked at him with wide blue eyes..' It was an; odd time for a proposal —just after announcing tho death of ono husband. ' . ' But Dr. Charlie had never thought of her as' a'married woiliau ; she was to him a iair -young' girl,, a waif cast np by the sea for hirti — his own— bis ocean trea sure — ho liad saved her. Nell look at his frank, earnest face, and shivered a littlo beneath tho fervent glance. ? : ' 'Oh, doctpr,'. sho said, 'find somo fresher heart ; -ntirt'o has gone through ?o much. I . think I can never feei again,' ? -But Dr. Charlie thought no otherheart would do as well. ? . ? And when Miss Hepsy come up to the door — riot, to listen, of course, 'she scorned tho action, but to see if anything were noedtid— she heard, quite accidentally, these words: ? ; ' Oh, -no ; not more thati six months !' Then ? tho patient's voioe softly said : . .' ?'. 'Six months at least, doctor. ' ' ' Well, that's niignty queer,' Miss Hepsy reflected. . '1 wondbr if he's talking About his will 1 Hut that ain't a bit liko Dr. Charlie, tg bo insisting on his money.' I So Nellie Bates stayed: in the little seacoast town, aud found work to do. ' Indeed, Dr. Charlie, had handkerchiefs innumerable to hem, enough to have supplied a whole tribo pf b|iby kiokapoos, if savages had ever booi» projudiced by education in favor, of such articles. ?- Miss Hepsy grew , mora friendly, for. Nellio was n ohuming' little person, and In the sunshiue ofvhnppinCM grew so bright, that she sonmod Itlce a sunboam ' her- self; I Still, there were many' curious . com ments on the day of the wedding; especi ally by disappointed young ladles whp had' set their daps for Dr. Cbarjie,;' ' 'Tho -artful baggago,!';. said-' oitor- 'do you know.; they say iho ts a widow.' ; ? ' With old Weller',,1 say, ' Beware of widowi,*1 ' liar oonpanlon replied^ ' Sake* alive ! how does he know thai, her husband la really dead V Miss Hepsy whispered, in ooofldahse, to a .friend i ' 'twould pe mighty inoonvenient to have' him coming book attar ? wbllo, 'eoa it ain't likely h'd hfiuu good manoeri as ,that Enooh Ard«nfeliar, who ^cit went' tbe beautiful woman np called his wife,; growing dearer to him day by day.' At last, when baby lips crowed a wel come to liim on his return from weary rides, and dimpled baby hands were stretched; out to meet him, he felt almost as if earth had no more, bliss to givo. To.Nellie Earnshawe this new life' was as. if the gates of Paradise had openedfor herr— as: if Bhe ; had. died, in the stormy ; raves of. 'ocean. ' on that tempestuous night awakened in-- lieaven. She sung about the ''bouse ; like a bird; sho. bloomed into new beauty like a trans planted flower. : - One jjighf— a night of storm and dark ness — she Was-listeningifor her husband's step ; baby Ch irlie- was asleep in his crib ;.the lamplight kindled up faint gold gleams.'onjtha'little rings of flossy hair that laj/qn his. white forehead. Hast cosy and-comfortable all looked 1 ? the bright fire, 'the warm, curtains; the pictures on .{be. wall, while the rain beat against the window and the wind wailed outside. ?; '-'V':. . Jane sat thinking, bf-the hard andcruel* past, and .how God had lifted her out of it into a pleasant hom--, and given her a goodly heritage. ' Oh, the bitter, pinch ing, cruel time ! What adream it seemed to her now ! She went down to see that the supper table ?: looked ? bright — Dr. Charlie must! havo a cup Of liot coffee after his ride. -. The 'girl stood at ,tlie| ! door, where a coarse looking man was inquiring foe the ctbetor. \- I' He is out,' said the girl. \Mrs. Earnshawe's face.had grown sud denly Tike the face of a corpse. yTho man stepped boldly forward, f ' The mistress, will do as well. I will apeak to her.' . '- ' /.- The girl was. going to expostulate, but Mrs. Earnshawe camo forward. ' .' I will see the man; Mary,' she said in a low. voice. He can leave the 'mes- sage With me.' -? The man shot a fiery glance at her from beneath Kis black ?- brows, but walked quietly enough into the doctor's office. . .? ? ' '. ' - '. Once in and the door shnt, he turned fiercely upon her with an oath : V ' Faith, you carry it off bravely, my girl, and yon open , to. tho charge of bigamy.', \- ' I— I believed you dead, Jom— as God .wli Heaven, I did 1'. cried Jane. ' it And deuced glad you were to, believe it, and short ; mourniug yon made,' the' man said, coming np to her. with a threatening gesture, . which . 'brought back— oli, so vividly— all tho - dread ful past. 'I thought you were at tho bottom, too,- or I'd hunted you up long ago; but I was faithful- to. .your memory,' with a sneer. . The man had been ? drinking his horrible hot breath seemed to sic£ep her. Poor Jane 1 all the refinements of the present only made the past Jseem more in tolerable. ShCloatbed him' with dread unutterable. -, _ '-'Oh, here s an affectiuiiatefi^l/^\\-o after two year's absence. Come^pack up! I want you now. I've let that blasted doctor have you long enough. You can't -hmiRft fnr him anp mnm. Park UJL everything, anoall the spare money you can find. You ought to have wages, you know.' Was the solid earth, slipping away beneath her feet ? Was a thick curtain of darkness let down over the world 1 Poor Jane grasped the arm of the clfair to steady, herself, for all seemed renting around her. She felt as if death itself had grasped her heart with an icy Iwjii, and she hoped it might be so. OttfT if life could indeed go out now before Bhe must go back to that horrible existence and leave all she loved behind I But death did not come. She folt life throbbing again tremulously in her veins ; she felt a ringing in her ears, as if all tho bells of the ohurches far away wore tolling for her dead hopes. She faltered — ' What do you ask, Jem ? You do not want me — I ain a burden— you have often said it— let mo bo in peace.' Well, this is virtue I This is my sainted Nell 1 And you'd 'live that way, would you, you baggage 1' au.dbe swore a terrible oath. ' Come, jny principles won'tallow it. I ain't sunk'so low yet. You thought I was dead ? You wanted to think so, I dare- say; but if you believed it, the affair isn't so bad as it might be ; but if you bought me off now and stayed, do you know what you would be, my girl 1' Nell shuddered. She felt the truth, but right and wrong were strangely con fused in her mind. To go back to squalor, misery and blowB with' this brute, could not seem right ^ to stay where all her best hopes, her love, her life wore treasured, could not seem wrong. Sho had a vision of lier love, her darling, with 'tis fond eyes looking down at her, and his whito forehead tind brown curls, that she'knew by heart. Oh, if she could only spring to those arms and dk-Itliure 1 And hor baby — hor Prince Oimrlie— she could not speak of him. She trembled leiit his baby cry should reach the ear of her companion, and awaken a torrent of coarse invective and blasphemy. 8he could not.leave him— she would not. Sho would fly to the ends of the earth, and hide in its moat forsaken spots -first — sho would work for him til) she dropped doad first. ?' ~ -. This was the first gleam of. bond— that entered the. poor woman's mind.. She could not stay ivhbro sho was. This fiorce, gloomy-eyed mitn could cltiim lmr, body and - soul i~!tTO« «»? nominated in the bund— but she 'would eludo him, and find at least poaco, if not htapniness, in sorao' obscure corner in tho world. : The rain beat dolrn sullenly now, and a, wild wind shook the t r'eo topi, Mrs, Eariiaiiawv trembled at tho sounds: ! If tho. ciqotor.aamo now— oh, ho;v.,yrould the parting be 1 . ; ' ; Whore ara you staying, Jem t' slip asked. . ? ; ..' ? At tho Cottage-.Hotol ; ? rather low, eh ? ' Wull,'I liko it low. ' ? L'tn ? low ' my '111 meet you thiro-^' ' L , ' No, yyu don't'. ;TU keep an . eye on you, my lady,' ; '*Osn'tyou trust me,' JemJ' Nolllo aaid, qua]0ug wilh fear;- ' You know I can't stay ^oro; ; ;lr I don't meet you »t tiiri, coins herq in the inoi niiig. . . I give you leave. Come andolalm iuu than. I.ouly want to do things quiatly. I axpeat' Dr# Eariishawo every minute, and then what an awful' aoeno; 1 oonnot bear it.-. You dqw, I m^t.hava it .Uute itimoJ toj'tMoIf,' .... '/v ' woke op' and began to watch his mother with laughing blue eyes, as if all her move ments were part of a play enacted for his benefit. v.... ..j- . ... .. Should she write a.linefto'explain? No, there was no time for that.'-; She. conld send a few linea from the next stopping place* , Oh, how desolate her darling would be when he came .to his lonely homo that j night— wife and child both 'jp-ne 1 . ? She took, up an Old phbtograph, and J kissed it again, and again. . In all her frantic hurfy she took time forthrit. She lookedaround the pretty room fiill of beautuV tokens of his love with frenzied eyes — so pure and fresh it was — a lily of a room. -* She thought of the- 'bare, oold places that must poon be her home1— tho toiling, empty life that awaited her ; and she felt forced to cry out, '.as one of old-; 11 My God, my God, , why hast Thou for saken me ?' . She did not take: many', things, only useful and plaiiuilothing. She could not bear to taktffS&e; pretty ; ornaments her darling had given her from time to time. She could remember so well the - happy: scenes which each recalled. Had it all been a dream, or was this last a frightful nightmare, ;from I which' she should awake soon in an ecstacy of joy and peaee ? Baby Charlie's hat and coat now ! On, how tho storm pelted against the window 1 How would she Bhield the darling in -the pitiless blast 1 But a dark and Vtormy | night was all tho better for thier flight. Few jvould be abroad then to give tidings of them to any inquiry. ' ? Hark 1 The blood stood still in her veins. ? It was — it was tho key in the door — a sound that always set her heart - heating. It bounded now not with the old joy, but | with a sudden and awful terror ; but she went down. . . . Dr. Charlie aud others — a group of men. What had happened ? He did-not see her, but Was giving orders. ? 'Poor fellow, its all over with him. I Veckon that pair of horses tramped the life out bf him at once : but . bring him in, and I'll do what I can.' Then glancing up, he saw the palo face, as white as'a ghost's, luokingdowi'. 'Ob, Nellie, keep away.' lie called out ; ' a manjbaa been jfun over, and I was forced to bring him here.',' J . But tho full light of tho hall lamp fell on tho man's bloated face as they carried him in. The black brows, the closed ey&s;, the purple lips, Nellie knew well,jand she knew that her delive'rai^e had como. For the doctor said softly and reverently — ' He is dead.'. ./ . ' . His wife stole up to baby Charlie's hed side, and fainted away, with a prayer^ thanksgiving on her lips. 