A «PORTI«rLANDER CASE- idif kmMrire OFifoofiEkirkr.m' : fHB CAOtFIEtiD CtJP. v - \- The trial of t,tjbia action. brought by, Maw Solly honeibrauitt,' B. Gill, lor tne recovery of X5000 damages fordWnder, wai coaunued feefore'Mr Justice WftHapia And a jury of 12 toe i&upreme; Court oq "Wednesday. .. . .- -;. The plaintiff, Mr Patrick "Kelly, oeess to, recorerX«5000 damages from Mr James B. Gfilor httkioe sUemtiou to toe effect tha toe racehorse Moorebank was tampered with by Eelly so as to ' prevent hia winning the diulfield Cup, |889. Dr Madden and Mr Fink appeared for the plaintiiX Instructed By, Messrs l&kj; x Best and Pimcps. Mr Wood, Mr Johnston and Mr Doily fenpeared for tbe defendant, instructed by Messrs Madden and Butler. \- James Leeson, jockey, said : I have been a jockey about five years. I began nding in flew Zealand. 1 have won a god finny .races. , - I knew Moorcbank ms a good horse. I was engaged- by Mr Murray to ride the home, and got Jnstruc tiont from GiU. He said there was some thing up with the home, and he shonld be rjddetl out . The horse Bjvcated,.,bat m .otherwise Inf good condition. I noticed in the preliminary canter he was terribly sleepy. He got a fair start About tbe first six furlongs he was in a good position, . but when- Meteor jnadelns Kg mnjl bit him with the spurs 'and he stopped. He hqpg back. He kept the same place afterwards. At the turn I hit him and he rolled from the inside tb ->'tbOu outside . .of the coarse — weired,1 yon inAy call 'it I Was riding ytimidl the time with my hands, and he was pjtatlifig all the time. I was riding hiui out. H« finished secoud.dast behind the horsea that were palling up. He was very, bad when he pulled up. He did not want pull ing, but stopped himself. The horse shook alfover. T know how a yogiie behaves. Hia Honor : Do all rogues bch&vc; tho came way ? (Laughter.) Witness : This norse did not give me the Idea of being a rogue. . After the race was over I did sot take much abtict of the horse as regards sweating. 1 had a conversation with Kelly. I said tlm borso ran like a cow. I did not say that ho did not try a yard. Supposing the horse bad been tam pered with and interfered with I can't say what effect that wonld have on the horse -conning afterwards. Dr Madden t Tell us what a rogue docs ? —He generally lays back his ears, jams his toes in, and won't go a yard. An honest t horse in distress will make a try every time be is hit. To stop when a horse is spurred is like a rogue. I fait him twice at the turn. He rolled and had his ears back. The way he was racing showed he was a rogue. A horse in distress will set back his cars. The horse was not blocked. A rogue will run cut of hiB course when hit. I saw that the horse was beat, and did not want to knock him about. I saw the horse . was beat, and bad no earthly chance. He may have been knocked about with the spurs. He pulled up pretty I bad. He was staggering. I did not men tion (bis to the stewards. I was not asked. | X told them all I was asked. I Walter Hickenbotbam, horse trainer, said : I I saw the Cup run. I never saw Moorcbank I on the day of the race to my know ledge. I afterwards received the horse on tbe 22nd of October. When I got him be looked well to the -eye. I consider I had I the horse well onlv twice. He sbdwed no I symptoms ot being a rogue oh the training I track. When on the racecourse be did I when not well. On two occasions he ran I thoroughly up to his trial, and ran true. I Assuming that the horse had been stuffed, I I can't say whether it would interfere with I bis racing afterwards, as I never had a I stuffed horse. On the 27th of November he I mule good time on the track, and he ran up I to his trial. I James Cn&rles; Walker, riock and station I agent and treasurer of the v. B.C., said : I I bac seen a good deal of racing during the I last 20 years. I backed Moorcbank for the I Cup. The horso appeared to ho in good con- I dition, but he looked full as if be had not I bad the muzzle on. He appeared as if he I had no oats. On tbe day of the race I saw I Mr Wilson, 6enr., on- the course. I j ffhe conversation which took plooqwa » I ' allowed to be given m evidence. The horse I was distressed before the race, and I in- I etrncted my commissioner to lay off what 1 I bad taken. I Francis Ferdinand Dakin, handicappcr, I: said : I saw Moorcbank as be went out, and I he looked blown out, as if he hadan(un- I limited quantity of feed. I did not notice I him during the race, as I thought he had not I the ghost of a chance. I To Dr. Madden : A home trainer can tell I at a glance how a horse i6. I say I the bone looked big and full. If others I say he looked well, I have my own I opinion. I Patrick Kelly, recalled, swore that he had I no conversation at the Court with Wilson in I f respect to being offered money to scratch the I horse. I Mr Wood addressed the jury for the I defence. I Dr Madden snmmcd up the case for the I plaintiff. I The jury expressed a wish to have Mr I Murdoch called. I George Murdoch was then put in tbe box. I He described himself as an importer, carry- I ing on business in Lonsdale street. I His Honor: Yon know the plaintiff? I Witness : I know him well. I You remember the day of the Csulfield I Cup?— Yes. I After tho race Kelly came to yon ? — Yes. I Tell the jury what he said ? — After the I race / I saw Kelly. He looked very , I much broken down.- Ho said to : I me, "Can I see you to-morrow I morniogat my liouse?n 1 said " I don't I know." He said, 44 I would like to see you, 1 specially." I said, 14 Very well, if lean." I I thought he looked like a man in trouble, I and tried to keep out of the way. After I the last race he came to me' and said, "I 1 will have to see you." I walked with him I as fqr as the railway gates leading I to the Dandcnong road. Kelly I said, 4I wanted to ask you whether I you would lend mc L20G, as I bave lost all I my money." I did not tell bim I would, I bat that I would think it over. I did so, I and saw my wav to lend the money. On Sunday he called at my house, and I told I him that I could lend liim the money. On I Monday I drew a cheque for L200, I and sent my clerk to the Union I Bank.- He brought back the money, and I I gave it to Kelly in the Maison Doree. I Mr Duffy desired to know whether the I money had been repaid. 1 Witness I spoke to him abont the middle I of December, and he paid me back L170. I I pressed him hard to get the money. I His Honor ; Was this the first mouetary I transaction youbad had with bim? — I never I lent him a shilling before. Had you known him long before !— About I two years. , , I What induced yon to lend it to him ? — 8itnp1y because the man told tne he was ruinea if he could not get the money. He said I was tbe onlv man he could oomc to. Xihonghtif I could do him a good turn I I vjbnld. I .The jury retired at tcnmicUtesput2o'clok H and at five minutes past 5 the Judge cent for thBm to come into court. In reply tp hie Honor, The foreman said there was no chance of I the jury agreeing. The only point they were at issue on was as to the amount of B damages to be awarded. . In reply so nia Honor, the foreman stated they had agreed to a verdict for tbe plain- I tiff, but could not agree as to the damages. His Honor pointed out that their disagroc- H Beat would put both parties to great cost, sod asked them to retire again, and try to I ®otne lo some conclusion. Finally judgment was given for the plain- fifffor L5, and on the matter being argued I textday,coaU were allowed. 