BEATRICE. CHAPTER XVI. THE FLAT NEAR THE EDGWARE ROAD. BY H. RIDER HAGGARD, Author of “ Cleo patra,” &c.; [All Rights Reserved.] Geoffrey’s journey to town was not alto gether a cheerful one. To begin with, Effie wept copiously at parting with her beloved ‘Auntie,’ as she called Beatrice, and would not be comforted. The prospect of rejoining her mother and the voluble Anne had no charms for Eflie. They all three got ou Best apart. Geoffrey himself had also much to think about, and found little satisfaction in the thinking. lie threw his mind back over the events of the past few weeks. He remembered how he had first seen Beatrice’s face through the thick mist on tiie Red Rocks, and how her beauty bad struck him as no beauty ever had before. Then he thought of the adveuture of their shipwreck, and of the desperate courage with which she had saved his life, almost at the cost of her own. He thought, too, of that seeue when on the following day he had entered the room where she was asleep, when the wandering ray of light had wavered from her breast to to his own, when that strange presentiment of the ultimate iuteriniugliug of their lives had flashed upon him, and iviien she had awakeDed with an unearthly greeting on her lips. One by one, while Effie slowly sobbed herself to silence in the corner opposite to him, he recalled every phase aud scene of their ever-growing intimacy, till the review culminated in his mysterious experience of the past night, and the memory of Beatrice’s parting words. Of all men, Geoffrey was among those least inclined to any sort of superstition: from boyhood he had been noted for common sense, and a somewhat disbelieving turn of mind. But lie had intellect, and imagina tion, which is simply intellect etherealised. Without these, with his peculiar mental constitution, he would, for instance, pro bably have been a religious sceptic; having them, he was nothing of the sort. So in this matter of his expedience of the previous night, aud generally of the strange and almost uuuataral sympathy in which he found himself with this lady, common sense and the results of hie observation and ex perience pointed to the whole tiling being nonsense—the result of 1 propinquity, Bir, propinquity,’ and a pretty face—and no thing more. But here his intellect ami his imagination stepped in telling him plainly that it was not nonsense, that he iiad not merely made * donkey of himself aver .uu hysterical or possibly love-sick girl. They told him that because a thing is a mystery it is not ucces ■sarily a folly, though mysteries ;i_re for the most part dealt in by fools. They suggested that there may be many things and forces above us aud around us, invisible as an elec tric current, intangible as light, yet existent end capable of manifestation uuder rare aud favorable conditions. Aud wus it not possible that such con ditions should unite in a woman like Beatrice, who combined in herself a beauty of body which was only nutpassed by the bsauty of her mind? It was no answer to say that most women could never inspire the unearthly pasßien with which he had been shaken some 10 hours past, or that most men could never become aware of the inspiration. Has not humanity powers and perceptions denied to the cattle of the fields, and may there not be men and women as far ■ removed from their fellows in this respect j as these are from the cattle ? But the weak points of mysterious occur rences is that they lead nowhere, aud do not materially alter the facts of life. One cannot, for instance, plead a mystery in a court of law; so, dropping the imaginative side of the question as one beyond him, he e.une to the practical aspect, only to find it equally thorny. Odd as it may seem, Geoffrey did not to this moment know the exact position which he occupied in the mind of Beatrice, or that she occupied iu his. He was not in love with her, at least not in a way in which he had ever experienced the influence of that, on the whole, inconvenient and disagreeable passion. At any rate lie argued from the hypothesis that he was not in love with her. This he refused to admit now iu the light of day, though he had admitted it fully iu the watches of the night. It would not do to admit- it. But he was forced to acknowledge that she hud crept into his life' mid possessed it so completely that then and for months afterwards, except in deep sleep or in houra of severe mental strain, not a single half hour would pass without bringing its thought of Beatrice. Everything that was beautiful, or grand, or elevating, reminded him of her—and what higher compliment could a mistress have? If he listened to glorious music, the voice of Beatrice spoke to him through the notes; if he watched the clouds rolling in heavy pomp across a broken sky he thought of Beatrice; ii some chance poem or novel moved him, why Bcatrici was iu his inind to share the plea sure. AH of which was very interesting, and in some ways delightful, but under our I system not otherwise than inconvenient to a I married man. And now Beatrice was gone, and he must come back to his daily toil, sweetened by Honoriu’s hitter complaints of their poverty, and see her no'more. The thought made Geoffrey’s heart ache with a physical pain, but his reason told him that it was best so. After all, there were no bones broken; there had been no loyo scenes, no kiss, no words that cannot he recalled; whatever there was lay beneath the surface, and while appearances were kept up all was well. No doubt it was an hypocrisy, but then hypocrisy is one of the great pillars of civilisation, and how does it matter what the heart says while the lips are silent ? The Recording Angel can alone read hearts, and he must often find them singularly con tradictory aud untrustworthy writings. Die of them, die of her dreams ? No, Beatrice would not die of them, and cer tainly he should not. Probably in the end she would marry that pious earthly lump, Owen Davies. It was not pleasaut to think of, it was even dre'adful, but really if she were to ask him his opinion, ‘ as a friend,’ he should tell her it was the host tiling that she could do. Of course, it would be hypocrisy again, the lips would give his heart the lie; but wheu the heart rises in rebellion against the intelligence it must be suppressed. Un fortunately, however, though a small mem ber, it is very strong. They reached Loudon'at last, and ns had been arranged, Anne, the •French honne, met them at the station to take Elbe home. Geoffrey noticed that she looked smarter aud less to his taste than ever. However, she embraced Elfie with an enthusiasm which the child scarcely responded to, and at the same time carried on an, ocular flirta tion with a ticket collector. Although it was so early in the year for fogs, London was plunged in a dense gloom. It had been misty that morning at Bryngelly, and became more aud more so as the day advanced; but, though it was not yet I o’clock, London was dark as night. Luckily, however, it is not far from Paddington to the flat near the Edgware road, where Geoffrey lived, so having personally in structed the cabman, he left Anne to convey Elfie and the luggage, aud went on to the Temple by Underground Railway with an easy inind. Shortly after Geoffrey reached his cham bers in Pump Court the solicitor arrived as bad been arranged, uot his uncle—who was, he learned, very unwell —but a partner. To hi3 del'ght, he then found that Beatrice’s ghost theory was peifectiy accurate; the boy with tiie missing toe-joint had been discovered who saw tire whole horrible tragedy through a crack in the. blind; more over the truth had been wruug from him, and he would be produced at the trial; in deed, a proof of his evidence was already forthcoming. Also some specimens of the ex-lawyer’s clerk’s handwriting had been obtained, and were declared by two experts to he identical with the writing on the will. One thing, however, disturbed him—neither the Attorney-General nor Mr Caudleton was yet in town, so no conference was possible that evening. However, both were expected that night—the Attorney-General from Devonshire and Mr Caudleton from the continent; so—the case being first on the iist—it was arranged that the conference should take place at 10 o’clock on the following morning. On arriving home Geoffrey was informed that Lady Honoria was dressing, and had left a message saying he must be quick and do likewise, as a gentleman was coming to dinner. Accordingly he went to his own room—which was at the other end of the flat—aud put on his dress clothes. Before going to the diuiug room, however, he said good-night to Elfie—who was in bed, blit not asleep—and asked her what time she had reached home. ‘At 20 minutes pasta, daddy,’EUie said promptly. ‘ Twenty minutes past 5! Why, you don’t moan to soy that you were au hour coming that little way. Did you get blocked in the fog?’ 4 No, ruddy, but ’ ‘But what, dear?’ ‘Anne did tell me not to say!’ ‘But I tell you to say, dear, never miud Anne !’ • ‘Anne stopped ami talked to the’ticket man for a long, loug time.’ ‘Oil, did she?’ ha said. At that moment the parlourmaid came to say that Lady Honoria and the ‘ gentleman’ were waiting for dinner. Geoffrey' asked her casually what time Miss Elfie had reached home. r About half-past 5, sir. Anne said the cab was blocked iu the fog.’ ‘ Very well. Tell her ladyship that I shall he down in a minute.’ ‘Daddy,’ said the child, ‘lhaven’t said my prayers. Mother did uot come, and Anne said it was all nonsense about prayers. Auntie did always me hear my prayers.’ ‘ Yes, dear, and so will I. There, kneel upon my lap and say them.’ In the middle of the prayers—which Effie did not remember as well as she might have done—the parlormaid arrived again. ‘ Please, sir, her ladyship—’ ‘ Tell her ladyship I am coining, and that if she is in a hurry she jean go to dinner 1 Go on, love.’ Then he kissed her and put her to bed again. ‘ Daddy,’ Elfie said, as he was going, ‘ shall: I see auntie Batrioe any more ?’ ‘ I hope so dear.’ ‘ And shall- you see her any more ? You want to see her, don’t you, daddy ? She did love you very much I’ Geoffrey could hear it no longer,. The truth is always sharper when it comes from the mouth of babes ami suckliugs. With, a hurried good-night he fled. In tiie little drawingroom he found Lady Honoria, very well dressed, and also her friend, whose name was Mr Dunstan. Geoffrey knew him at once for an exceedingly wealthy man of small birth, and less breed ing, but a burning and a shining light iu the Gareington set. Mr Dnnstan was anxious to raise bicaself iu society, uud he thought that notwithstanding her poverty, Lady Honoria might be useful i;? him in this respect. Hence his presence there .to-night. ‘ How do you do, Geoffrey?’ said his wifp, advancing to greet him with a kiss of pe^ree. ‘ You look very well. But what au im- - mense time you have been dressing. Poor Mr Du«Ki;ui is starving. Let me see. You kuow Mr-Biiiiotai], I think. Dinner, Mary.’ Geoffrey apologised for being late, and shook hands politely with Mr Dunstan— Saint Dunstan he was generally called on account of his rather clerical appearan.ee, and in sarcastic allusion to his somewhat shady reputation. Then they went in to dinner,' “ Sorry there is no lady for you, Geoffrey; but you must have had plenty of ladies’ so ciety lately. By the way. is Miss — Miss Grander? Would you believe it; Mr Dunstau, that shoeking liusbaiul of mine has been passing the last month in the com pany of one of the loveliest girls 1 ever saw, who knows Latin, and law, and everything else uuder the sun. She began by saving his life—they were upset together out of a canoe, yon know. Isn’t it romantic?’ _ Saint Duustan made some appropriate— or, rather inappropriate—remark to the effect that he Imped NJr Bingham had made the most of such unrivalled opportunities, adding, with a deep sigh, that no lovely young. lady had ever saved his life that he might live for her, &e.;, &c.; Here Geoffrey broke in without much ceremony. To him it seemed a desecration to listen while this person was making his feeble jokes about Beatrice. “ Well dear,” he said, uddressiug his wife, “ and what have yon been doing with your self all this time?” . . . “ Mourning for you, Geoffrey', and enjoy ing myself exeedingly in the intervals. \V e have had a delightful time, have we not,. Mr Dnnstan? Mr Duustan has also been stay-, ing at the Hall, you know." “ Hovv could it be otherwise when you were there, Lady Houoria ? ” answered the Saint in that strain'of compliment affected by such men, and which, to tell the truth, jarred on its object, who was after all a lady. - ... ‘You know,-Geoffrey,’ she went on, ‘ the Gar- singtonshavc re-furnished the large hall and their drawing-room. It cost IS hundred pounds, hut the icsult is lovely. The draw ing-room is done- in hand- painted white satin, walk and all, and the hall in old oak.’ ‘lndeed !’ he answered, reflecting the while that Lord Gursiugtou might as well have paid some of his debts before he spent IS hundred pounds on his drawing-room furniture. Then the Saint mid Lady Houoria drifted into a long ami animated conversation about their fellow guests, which Geoffrey scarcely’ tried to follow. Indeed the dinner was a dull one for him, and- lie added little or nothing to the stock of talk. When his wife left the room, however, he had to say something, so they spoke of shooting. The Saint had a redeeming fea ture—he was somewhat of a sportsman, though a aud lie described to Geoffrey anew pair of hammerless guns, which he had bought for a trifling sum of a hundred and forty’ guineas, recommeuding the pattern to his notice. ‘ Yes,’ answered Geoffrey, ‘ I daresay they are very nice; but, you see, they are beyond me. A poor man caunot afford so much for a pair of guns.’ ‘ Oh, if that is all,’ answered his guest, • I will sell you these; they’ are a little long in the stock for me, aud you can pay me when you like. Or, hang it all, I have plenty of guns. I’ll be generous aud give them to you. If I cannot afford to be generous, I don’t know who can !’ ‘Thank you very much, Mr Dnnstan,’ answered Geoffrey’, coldly, ‘but I am not in the habit of accepting such presents from my—acquaintances. Will you have a glass of sherry?—no. Then shall we join Lady Houoria ?’ ' This speech quite crushed the vulgar but not ill-meaning .Saint, and Geoffrey was sorry for it a moment after ho had made it. But he was weary aud out of temper. •Why did ids wife bring such people to the house ? Very’ shortly afterwards their guest took his leave, reflecting that Bingham was a conceited ass, aud altogether too much for him. ‘ And I don’t believe that he lias got a thousand a year,’ he reflected to him self, ‘ and the title is his wife’s. I suppose that is what lie married her for. She’s a much better sort thau he is, any way, though I don’t quite make her out either— one can’t go very far with her. But she is the daughter of a peer aud worth culti vating, hut not when Bingham is at home not if I know it.” “ What have yon said to Mr Dnnstan to make him go away so soon, Geoffrey ?” asked his wife. “ Said to him ? Oh, I don’t know. Ho offered to give me a pair of guns, and I told him that I did not accept presents from my acquaintances. Really, Houoria, I do not want to iuterfere with your way of life, but I do not understand bow you can associate with such people as this Mr Dnnstan.” ‘Associate with him !’ answered the Lady Houoria. ‘Do you suppose I want to asso ciate with him? Do you suppose that I don’t know what the man is ? But beggars cannot be choosers; he may be a cad, hut he has thirty thousand a year, and we simply cannot afford to throw away an acquaintance with thirty thousand a year. It is too bad of you Geoffry,’ she went on to say with rising temper, ‘ when you knoiv all that I must put up with in our miserable poverty stricken life, to take every opportunity of making yourseif disagreeable to the people I think it wise to ask to come and see u<. Uere I, returning fioin comfort to this wretched place, and the first thing that you do is to make a fuss. Mr Dunstau has got boxes at several of the best theaties, aud he offered to let me have one of them w henever I liked, and now of course there is end of it. It is too bad, I say.’ ‘lt is really curious, Houoria,’ said her husband, ‘ to see what obligations you are ready to put yourself under in search of pleasure. It is not dignified of you to accept boxes at theatres from this gentle man.’ ‘ Nonsense. There is no obligation about it. If he gave us a box, of course he would make a point of looking in during the even ing, and then telling his friends that it was Lady Honoria Bingham he was speaking to—that is the exchange. I want to go to the theatre; ho wants to get into good society—there you have tile thing in a nut shell. It is done every day. Thu fact of the matter is, Geoffrey,’ she went on, look ing very much as though she were about to hurst into a Hood of augry tears, ‘as I said just now—beggars cauii-t be choosers—l cannot live like ihe wife of a banker's clerk. I must have some amusement, aud some comfort, before 1 become an old woman, if you don’t like it, why did you entrap me into this wretched marriage, h-fore I was old enough to know better, or why do you uot make enough money to keep me in a way suitable to my position?’ ‘We have argued that question before, Honoria,’ said Geoffrey, keeping his temper with difficulty, ‘ aud now there is another thing I wish to say to yon. Do you know that detestable woman, Anne, stopped for more than half an hour at Paddington Statiou this evening, flirting with a ticket collector, instead of bringing Effjc home at ouce, as I told her to dc. I am very angry about it. She is not to be relied on; w'e shall have some accident with the child before we have dune. Cannot you discharge, her aud get another nurse?’ ‘ No, I cannot. She is the one comfort I have. Where am I going to find another woman who can make dresses like Anne— she saves me a hundred a year—l don’t care if she flirted with fifty ticket collectors. I suppose you got this story from Elfie; the child ought to be whipped for tale b-aring, and I daresay that it is not true.’ JGffie will certainly not be whipped,’ answered .Qeoffiey, sternly. ‘I warn you that it will go very badly with anybody who lays a finger cin h.er,’ ‘Oh, very well, ruiu the .child. Go your own way, Geoffrey. At any rate, j. am not going to stop- here to listen to any mm;e abuse. Good night,’ aud she went. Geoffrey sat down and lit a cigarette. ‘ A pleasant home-coming,’ ho thought to him self. ‘ Honoria shall have money as much as she can spend—if .1 kill myself to get it, she shall have it. What a life, what a life. I wonder if Beatrice would treat her husband like this—if she had one,’ He laughed aloud at the absurdity of the idea, and then, with a gesture of impatience, threw his cigarette into the fire and went to his room to try and get some sleep, for he KUB thoroughly wearied. (To be continued.) Excessive Humidity and Health, — Humidity is not injurious to health. The huiuiui race, like the wheat plant, can stand almost any quantity of water. It is bad for fch&t; class of maladies which physicians group under the head of rheumatism, but it is not necessarily injurious to delicate throats or lungs, and it is positively beneficial to persons who arp liable to disturb ances of the stomach. 