A TRIP TO BARWON HEADS. BY A WVAtLAOULDIA.) Regularly tired out bythe,strain of. my business and? haviun,: thdrbough trust iii the integrity of those ini my employ, I determined for awhile to forsake the comforts of. the domestic hearth,' :ahidtake: a holiday _.I'-ias comparatively a new chum, making a home for the wife and little ones, and consequent close attention to my busi ness, had given me no opportunity of a run out since I had fixed of the pros-, perous and rising town of Warragul as my future home. I'neednot expatiate on my journey to Melbourne and thence to Geelong, as so many have pro6bibly, made the trip to " Sleepy Hollow," so I understood Corlo Bay; Geelong, and its vicinity was known in days gone by, ere I left the Mother country and set foot on the Victorian shores. Suflice it to say that my friend met me at the Geelong station; and after I had done full justice to the substantial meal he placed before me in his comfortable home in the main street, we'staited in his buggy, to which two spanking iron greys were harnessed, for Barwon Heads which is situated some 16 or 20, miles from Geolong itself. Our way lay through South Geelong, and. over the Barwon Bridge, leaving the Break water on the right, and the scenery along our route was as'beautiful almost as any to be found in Gippslanid itself. Passing Cannewarre, the tanyards and woollen mills at once attested whence the inhabitants derived their source of income, and the industries chiefly car ried on in the district. We reached our destination, Barwon Heads, which is situate some seven miles fiom Point Lonsdale, in due course, where a full rigged vessel could be seen on the rocks off that dangerous point, which probably many of your readers will re collect was wrecked there a short time back. Looking through my field glasses, which I had had the precau tion to bring with me, I saw clouds of smoke rising from the deck, the signi ficance of which somewhat puzzled me until I learnt they proceeded from the donkey engine pumping out the waiter from the ship. It was anticipated that the efforts to get the vessel off the rocks would prove successful, but un happily they have not. However, see ing it at a distance I thought I should like to view it a little nearer, and so my friend chartered a tight little craft, I, myself, not being a sufferer from sea sickness, thoroughly enjoyed a three miles run from the Barwon River heads to Oacean Grove, during which my ob ject was secured. The Grove is a pretty, picturesque spot, of which Victoria affords so many examples. As we strolled along the beach there one of our party, trying to ivork on my cre dulity as a new chum, advised me strongly not to enter Buckloy's cave, lest I might meet any of his relatives. However, the bracing sea air had given me the pluck to meet Buckley himself, let alone any of his relatives, and so I dared the venture. I did not meet Buckley's ghost, I did' not meet any of his relatives, but I did meet a very courteous little picnic party, who, inviting me to join them in their lunch, I had the opportunity of saying I was not alone, and of turning the tables on those of my own party who had chaffed me, by obtaining them enjoyable re freshlment, to which they were not backward in paying full attention. Ocean Grove is about as pleasant a place as one could desire in which to take a week's outing-quietly snug, and away from the glitter and glare of the city of the Golden Fleece. There is a commodious coffee palace, where the weary toiler, desiring a brief rest from his labors, can find all his wants sup plied at a reasonable rate. Fishing both here and at the heads is all the rage. My friend had a boat, his own sole and absolute property, and the next norning we went out fisning, so as to do at Rome-or rather off the Grove-as Grovites do. It was a failure; the fish were not accustomed to our style of..attracting them... We returned after four hours with only tliree small piscatorial specimens. This encouraged me. On looking at the result of our toil on the briny deep, I thought I was not the only new chlnm in the'-locality - those three miserable .little rock cod were too, or we should never have caught them. However, our friend told us of the large quantities lie had caught pre viously. I. didi, not doubtliis word, but put down the fact that no fish at tached themselves to his hook on that day was out of tlhd consideration of himuself and the fish to hIis guests, so tlhat he might not crow over us too much. This was derived firom subse quent results. On our retuirn we ad journed for tea. We wanted it, but our fish did not :constitute it. I was happy for this. Afterwards' we went out. on the rocks at Point Lonsdale for crawfish, whlom we hoped to entice but of their holes ii the rocks by the appetising lumps of beef we submitted for their inspection. I now began :to doubt smy friend. Againi the quantities hlie lhad caught were quoted; again our failure." Hand he been feeding tlie cnistaceons a few' days previodusly to ihunt his" own exploits ? That was the question that troubled mv mind. Out of delicacy, and having regard to the' ecilytaitriing I knew he had received, I did iiot put it to him too pointedly, lest he might find it too great a strain on his veracity. I don't hanker much about going craw- fishing now. A cold, late,' weary walk over the rocks by the light of a tallowi candle eiclosed in a lan tern; although carried by a lady, hardly. repays the trouble; but if ever any of my fellowv to\wnsman are desirable of practically, in their own ease, repeating my experiences, before they set out I should advise thems to interview the most nioted specialist in the colony as to the best remedy for abrasions from water-washed mand excoriated rocks, and take a small supply of the simples needed along with them. They will find out their comsforting effects after they get Iack to their rooms. The inext mornisg tie Ieach was got ready for Ius to launch our boat from, and, nothsing danuunited by thie experiene of the piasti~l y or tle sagodiies?inad suf ferod consequeniit on my midnight ramble over the rocks; I launched forth in the expectationi of securing a big haiul. ?'Th fish. lihoiveer, had received early cab!e iutelligeice of our inten tioiis iiand, being quite -contented to remain free denizens of the deep, avoided ouir path.: Thorouighly dis gusted at nmyattempts to prove myself an apt pupil of Isaac n Yalton, the same evening I again took wing for the Pivot about 8 o'clock, reaching" it about two hours later. The following day I arrived at home. My ,wife" took such an interest in the relation of *my advYintures, as she always' does, .the good litile soul, in e-erytlhing I under take, that having recountedmiuy story a day or two later to the insurance agent who .virtuously calls aronid 'once a quarter to see if lain still alive, "and get that little cheqie for the premium, he paid me a solein visit at the shop, anud told me I must not jrun sich dangers in the future, and must not emulate Stanley, or Boulanger if he returns to Paris,. or his oflice .would have to raise the iisk on my life. 