FOLEY'S HALL j Closed for Ever. \ THE FAMOUS WHITE HOUSE Has Pegged Out. . There is probably no sporting man in tho' Australian colonies who did not at ono timo or anothor know Folay'B famous boxing hall in Goorgo-stroot, Sydney. Thero aro certainly few boxers in the colonios at tho present timo who havo not been within its classic shades, and now tho vonorablo pile is boiug pulled' down too mstio iratornity wm navo to aon the mittens and sport silk amidst nowor surroundings. As a. work of architectural beauty Foloy's Hall wasn't ah unqualified uuocesu. It was built more for uso than for ornament, and it has sorvod its timo, and liko the rest of us whon played out it has had to succumb to tho march of progress. Standing amidst tho ruins of its formor groatnoss last night surveying tho scono I scoinod to soo the boxors who at ono timo or another had fought or stood within its walls, and closing my oyos for a momout a ghostly troop glided by mo in tho starlight. First and foremost wont Larry Foloy's figuro, solid, porky, proud and comoly, with Larry Foloy written in ovary lino of the clossioally-curved mouth and regal stride. Warwick, the ' king-maker,' never had a truer claim to tlio titlo ho was so proud of than Foloy to tho designation of ' cham pion-maker' amongst boxers. Following Larry slid Petor tho Groat, his obony frame looking liko a bronze statue of somo Greok god out for a midnight ramble, and in his bolt ho carried tho scalps of Tom Lees, CdBtello, Dooloy, Godfrey, fll'Auliffo, Cardiff, Jem Smith aud John L. Sullivau (I trust the vision was prophetic). Close in his wako strode the loouo-limbed, hard-hitting giant, Paddy Slaving who pointod to a shadowy crown ahead in tho dintau'eo, inscribed with the legend ' Cham pion of the World,' and as ho went ho mur mured ' That's mino or Potor's.' Tom Loos ciiiiio next, and as ho slid along ho seemed to foar tho greatness of his company ?. Joo God dard, flushodwith recent viotorioa, pushed hiB Y™at bulk through all the smaller fry, but drew baok trembling whon ho trod on Slavin V heels. Mick Dooloy, holding his broken' wing gingorly, looked in tho door whoro he so oft had proved himsolf . in vinoiblo and, sighing plaintively, he bor rowed a plug of rough cut from the ghost of Jack Fullor, who limnod sadly by his side, and tho two half sobboa as thoy bada a'dicu to tho scones of thoir formor greatness. Iron bark Jimmy's ghost soowlod at tho Bhado of George Dawsou, and murmured, ' Two draws wo slugged out there: whoro will tlio finish her' Charloy Dunn's immortal part fixed its glassy oyo on tho faoo of Jim Fogarty's vision, and it looked 0 to 4 that thoy entered to sottlo their old disputo, but Griffo and tho giant, Pat Kioly, arm in arm, jostled against them, aud kept tho procession on tho bustle. Old Davo Ingram and Harry Sellarstotterod by singing, ' Bright Colestial Shores,' and thon Billy Murphy, with a bolt as big as a coach wheel round his middlo, and a four-foot sign board on his shoulders, which stated that ho, Billy Murphy, was champion feathor-weight of tho world and no other, jogged through tho crowd with a nowly acquired Yankoe drawl, guessed and calculated that tho whole show was boing run in his honor, while Billy M'Carthy, Bob Fitzsimmons, Puddy. Gorman, and Sam Fitzpatriok all ?, prancod, past in the longaloovo hats and punt's ' mode out of tho Stars and Stripos of America. Owen Sullivan put in an apnearnnco from Brokou Hill, and wanted to tako away half tho floor of tho ring to remind him, ho said, of tho night ' that dhivel Miok Dooloy Hourly bhroko his jar ; ' Jack Hall and Jack Miteholl, tho Yankee, Hat down and sung hymns on tho door-step; Fotor Boland and Potor Newton, Jim Hall and Jaek Burko eaoh in turn foil upon tho shoulders of Professor Miller and wept; whilo. Jem Stowart, tho champion of Seotlaud, turnod up with tho shade of Bobby Burns to writo an' odo'on tho old hall. Starlight and Tom Taylor wore fixtures on tho throshold until. Mr. iGoorgo Sonlo, tho champion amateur, passbd by with a bottlo of rum undor each arm, and they fol lowed to woop ^ in his company. Goorgc M'Kouzio, Mick Ivos and ' ' Shadow ' Mabor shook with Messrs. Valontino and Sandall, , and- Miok Dunne throw rood motal fit tho orowd of boxers that followed, and tho spoil was' broken; and, gathering my garments around me, I fled, knowing that, never again should I ahroniole a fiRtio encounter in the dismal but historic building which is now razed to tho ground. - .' . ' 