. Otllhier See IUs. \-- 0 - - \It:. D. ('llltI?STIE M1Tll.\T'1s ACCOIUNT. Ill. There is a noble ithillabong" in the near neighbourhood of the settlement, which when locked at either cnd will htohl stlup. plies of water for the whole of a dry seas in without trenching in those of the Macray at all. Thi nmagnilieent lagoon it 11 milets in length, and whien I saw it i it ih:l ?ot if thchwatlifal characteristics ,f thle malill tream e hich feeds it. Its tree-frineu l miarge is hauntied by all the multitldin ousm bird life of which I have al'ealy oel. I . anl for molian and imanyi a year to com?ne shotul, afford the ibet of tieide for port. .i monster pumping apparlatus tlaindts ol its shores. te tie livery pipee- .f which are ft wile, so that when them are half fll there woult be roosa for a iiani to swimi in theii easily. There i- ainother of equal power at a place allet I' syhe 's tiend, and yet another of bout half the e size at Nicholl's Point. There was some talk ini England ill engineering circles whilst the pumps were beilng conl'trctled out thelre whllich pointed to their probable failure, :nd I aml tlthat that the constructor. when the criticisms reached his ears, went mighty solemnt ant I quiet for a time, but having tigturetl everything over. ah initia, re. scnaetl a perfect tranquility, his verdict being, -" lThcyvre got to work, and they willu work." in e?feet. itupon experiment, they did work, alnd criticism ont the lmoit scientilic lines went for nothing, as has haplpeend in the like case before to-dtay. The blaclitlw was pretty thick about here not so very long ago. and found it no doubt a happy hunting ground. One of lily colpl?lions told Inc one of the aboriginals nlethods of tecuring pgine which hals a certain savage ingenuity whicli scents worth citing. 'The lirst step w:as to construct a net of bark Iibre and suspendll it from tree to tree across a portion of the waters of the billabong, weighting it so that it sank a foot or two. allowing some S or 10 feet to rise above the surface. Otne of the hunting party would stay by this, whil-t the rest set out, aln reaching opposite sideO of the angoon by a wide detour. tlurnle b;ack agoain, searing the wild fowl by all the devices they could think of. fly andi bre the wactcher hiLdden ttcar the nlot would see a screaming cohort scudditng above the watler. aond a:t tile propelr tolllomelt wourll let out 1n imitation of the cry of tihe cnglehawk, at the same instattt whirlintg a sheet of bark into tile air to personate the bird. Thie ducks not having time .to invcs:igate the matter would instantly swoo. for a dive, and coming in contact with the not would be caught, sometimes by the hundred. Then wouhl the triumphant blnckfellowt make for himself a feat, and woutld no doubt brag in his own simple mind about this triumph of civilised human craft over the foolish brute creation. The citizens of such a iplace as ilihlutra are boult to be intere-ting people. One might safely say of themu. without having even seen them. that they are certain to be harnly, allventurouts and handy. I had l the pleasure of all introductiont to lne gentleman-a justice of the peace, y t the tvay-who ha l with his own hands built the handsome alid comfortable house he lived in. I passed tan agreeablc half hour with himt in his own residene,. and could only marvel at the sbki. soliliiity. meit, forethlought with which it had been con strutted. The prospering garden and the solidly built littld villa made together as home-likea place as one wouldl wish to live in. and the interior of the house was tilled with all those evidences of refine tucit in the midst of which an English geuttlenani would ntaturally de ire to live. Moy jily. tospitaole no tit would tave it that before I went back into an older torm of eivilisation 1 must have a night nd a day in thie bush. and I being nothing loth (thoagirTtrtell the trutIh I lave haul camllpinlg out enoughl! ill tiy ime and hal thought tlhoght Lte day for such ulventtures over). a party of gay fellows was got up. and out Awe started il a buggy altl a four inl blhd. \Whenever a manl knows perfectly well how to do a thing it looks simple to him, but. I founld tile Irive through the trackless bush con lucted with ulnerring precision to a given point, a little suarprisitg. I expressedt my surprise, and was good-naturedly stmilel at for my pains. ttut for all that I Io solemnly- declare that to me one part of tlhe road looked so absolutely like another that thile woner how we founllt a way remains a wonder and always will. Mit.l lrta, by the way. is a tetttperanle colony, but-I tell you this in the strictest conl fidencee-the stranger was never allowed to go thirsty for want of all excellent lager beer, cunltlninllto;.roled ill canlvas water tags. or all equally excellent glass of whisky and soda. or a still more excel lent champagne in pints, gone almost still with age. Age takes the friskiness and sparkle out of tmort things, but some times leaves tlte better qualities behind. It was not thought advisable to make the trip more Spartan than was actually necessary, andt we carried a touch or two of Capnan manners in the bush with us. The commissariat was liberally remem bered, anl certain darkish bottles oil each of whlticlh, to the bestof my remembrance. there was a label inl which oomethinl called a " blend " was ladedtl , were stowed away in the bowels of the dray. When Plhil Robinson went home from Australia he toll a story to which I am sorry to say nobody attached the slightest crcdence. lie said that he wa- sleeping in some little wooden built township in a district in Australia which was infested with rabbits, andl that in the night there canle what he callcda "rabbit wave." It was a mile or two wide. andl eaven knows how ImaLny miles long, atnd some half score of feet in height. It came along with a force so irresistible that it carried away the township. Mr Robinson, I believe. was the sole survivor of this strange calamity-so that there was nobody left to contradict him-and he only escaped by the lucky accident that the '" wave "' broke on a sandy plain and so let him down gently, with nothing worse than a few bruises and a somewhat shattered nerve. Nowv I don't profess to believe that curious narrative evnc yet, but I aldmit a kind of fanciful foundation for it. if the rabbits I saw in the two days of that excursion hail known how to comline they might have carricil away anything -ev.n 'Phil Robinson whenl he was weighted with the responsibility which ought to ha:ve rested 1upon the author of that surprising conception which I have just quotedcl. Ilow they swarmed ! those rabbits. And what a hattle we might have had with the half dozen guns we carricd if we had a score of beaters. As it was I grew shoulder sore and hail a gun theadache, which as everylbsdy knows is one of the least agrecable nilments of its species. Our youthful sportsmen did not even ask to have the buggy or tile drag brought to a standstill, but peppered the poor bnnlllies right and left as we rolled along, anldl lrmade very good practice too. Now I began more fully to understand the reason why every allotment in the 31ihlura colonyr is houl in by a wire fence. which is sunk to sonme considerable :listance into the groundl. Now, too, I began to see the necessity for the adver tisement which week by week lindls its way into the columns of the local journal, running thusI:-- All persons travelling through the 32lilura properties are re rprestel to close tile gates inr tile vermin proof fences thrugh which they pass. A.\ heavy penalty i iimposel by the Act for neglect to close such gates. ald arny persron found s.o oiffending after this ldate in connection with the l3ihldra fences will be proseueted al s far as the law will alloy." No wonder. The rabbits wouhl leave a pooror chance for the settlers if they coutld have their way. Our party dlid ycotnatns service against the plague. for we left a grood twelve score of the enemy rearl upon thie tlieI. blut this was only like a dIrop out of a ponad. We reached our destination as the ligrht was tcoiting down. alt chost e our :ampini plaiiace in the centre of a natural learinig, not tiar frotm the river, ald. in the midlt of a Clump of mialilee trees. A ilandiful of grass, Ian armfull of dry twigs. tihe sputter If a m:atch, a:l thlere was the beginning of our camp lire. Tithen there was a reiiniig tof ?deaif branclhes fromn tilhe trees, andl itn almost as little time as it takes to write the words the flames built ulp a wall of half transparentt du?k about n, malking tile nigh seem darker by contirast with their owtun glanlc ilg Fbrightness. Ole made an exeiursion to the streaim, an cane back with a billy full of watcr, which being set, upon the lire began stoont to bubble with a cheerful attl ad ggcstive mullrmur. We picnicketd in the grottwing darkiles. antl as I munchell d mi provtedler I thought of rIlrn:y and many a similiar yet different scene in tihe ohl world. Poor Archie MalcNeill. true friend and honest man,. adul brilliant workIlman, basely mullleredc two years ago in Iounlognle I[arbor, conameic back to me like a ghost when I thought of our almost boyish encrampmrents in Sutton Woods in the uhl country. And manlly good chllums face peered over ill" shouller as I called to mind tile scores of nights spent rby the camp fire ill summter's heat anld winters cohl, on the lioumelian plains or on the lialkan's heights, where the tired soldiery slept whilst we spur our yalrns, or tie dogs howled in sonice distant city of tile dead :lately ravaged by tihe Tehireossc and thle Zeibeck. Nights of merriment, when tile song went round and the coarse rum was puritied by fire in the tin pannikin, and campaigning was the most glorious lark in the worhr. Nights of silence, and cohl, and hunger. when the drifted snow was dleep and the warnrlýst of bearskins was ai meagre shelter. Nights when the big guns boomelld for hours anlld hollrns ill tlhe dark, and the a:re of light nIde by Ilhe time fuses at the Sehipkla 'ass seemed to the eye to travel slowly, elowly, slowly over a foot or two of midnight blackness whilst in reality they rushed furiously for a mile. Many faces and voices of ol times, that I shall hear and see no more. " Where are ye. old companions trusty :" Snome are marrie, somn are le ad, All are scattered now and fled. Ah, lee But what has this to doI with a tri|p up the Murray Iliver Out witll tIe black bottle, good mine host, ami let us test tihe blend its label brags of. A generous liquid. Let us have a merryt hour. We had a merry hiour, and l ore than out. There was a violinist amongst us who hsns broughlt hia tools with him, and maie no despicablle music for us. And we wakel the echoes of thie .olitude with at good many choruses, anli I mysrlf-the present narrator (let it not be thought I boast)--came out of my customary pon derous soleimtnity, and tohl a funny story which convulsed (absolutely convulsed) one member of our party--: most dis cerning youth, whom I shall always re member with gratitude. When the merri oent was all over we turnled in with our rugs and blankets, and slept until 1.30 in he morninjg, at which unearthly hour we vere awarkencld by oulr chieftain, and so etlook ourselves to rabbit slaughter again lntil it was time for luncheon, after wlhich we drove homewarls. We sighted a little group of Leuls, but they took to their long legs before we could get a near view of them, not having been instructed probably with respect to the protection the laws of the landl afford them. The colony of Victoria is certainly to Ihe congratulatedl oi its treatment of the Irrigation scheme. A similar plIn, started by the samle projectors, anl enjoying all the same natural a:ulantages. has been opelneld at henmnark, but does not flourish like its sister settlement, and for a per feeltly obvious reason. The South Aus tralian Government has not only done less to fmster it, but lns actually allowedl a threat of Government competition to be iehl out against it. The result is that, while tihe colony in Victoria is thriving and growing ill a most remarkable degree, that in South Australia is at present at something very like a standstill. There is little fear of its ultimate success, how ever, for the value of the principlle upon which it is foiuMed is almost universally adtuitted. Ii California, where the salime experiments have been tried. the trade in fruit with the Eastern States rose from ;,i0i0,00, lb. to 32,0l0.00)0 lbt. avoirdupois il a single year. Luad there which originally cost £ I;O, on which trees were planted at acllargeof £320, was cultivated at a profit for seven yearsand Ia half, was then purehlasedl by Mr. F. L. Alles (the editor of the Califjrnian;) for £3.,00. the purchase money inclutding a house which had cost £1.,(00 to luild. What Cali fornia can do Australia can do. andl she call do it all the more certainty because her topsy-turry seasons sendl her produclts into the market at a tilme whell the cardens aiInd orchards of the rest of the world alr bare. i had a lhalf-formtd idea of turning frnitgrower myself, and sitting down under my own vine and lig tree. but re fleting that on tihe whole I would rather see London and Paris again, I resigned it aud bade the pleasant' place adieu. 1We eanle steamling, back to Morgan through the same pilacid charms of river scenery of which I hare already givre so faint andl nvaee a picture, and on tie way a ronuing adventure befell us for we ran full tilt into tihe trading boat Queen and :tove inl her bows, insomuch that she had to put into the bank for the repair of lamagcs. There was tno great harmt donel but one or two of the passengers of tile injurcd craft got into a prodigious pother and flutter of excitement, and we were found in talk for an hour or two. Then at Morgan we said good.-bye to tile beauti ful river, andl ran down by rail to sunny Adelaide, and after a pleasant day or two with pleasant folk there got back to NMel bourne. And so enileth tile history of a new chum's travels ill Australia. The new chum himself sails for other climes within anl hour or two of tile time ant which these lines will come into the reader's hands. lie carries away a tltousanl pleasant; memories, has mlet countless kindrncsses and good services, and aclknowledging them with a thankful heart, promises in all honesty never to forget them until the dnay comes when he can lno longer re member anything. The articles which have appeared in the Argrst on tile Victorian finances have been printed in a collected form, a:un publishedI : at ssupplement to that paper. The long-delayede Vine Disease .\metnd mettt hill sha, paosil the Lower House in Sydney, and will probably collme into operation with the New Ycear. No. 3 of the Atsttraltin Ts rrigatiot ,dt'lntir is full of information on \lil dura. The 'Editor has evidently :t kee eye for useful matter, for he drarws liber ally on our columns. We don't object,. for le tells people where he gets Iris eye-openers. Gonod farming consists as mlluch ill overcomtllinl adverse cireumstaneeso as ill improving fully fIavournabcope portunities. A good farml paper is one of the tmost profitable investments the landholder can make. Subscribe to the Cultirator. 