Novelist. THE HAUNTED HUSBAND; on, Jj.-iUy Clictwynil's Spectre. 1-?-? OEtAPTER XIII.—(Continued.) By Mns. ITakiuet Lewis. But now the door of the bath-room opened Buddcnly, find a Blender, white, robed figure etole swiftly into tho bnll, as if puraucil, nnd plided like a benm of lif;ht along tho hall to tho rear intersecting corridor. It wns Bernicc! Monk flow after ber in bis list slippers as silently as she. She ran fleetly dawn the long ball nnd turned aside into the corridor, Monk behind her. Thoy had scarcely passed beyond the great hall when Lord Chetwynd opened the door of tbo bath-room, and camo out in wild pursuit. But Bernico and Monk wero both beyond the range of hia vision. Tho Beaming Bpcctro was flying along tbo dim corridor toward na unused portion of tho extensive mansion, not stopping or looking back. She gained another hall, from whioh a flight of stairs ascended, and went up tho stairs with Etili rapidity. Monk came swiftly a littlo way behind her. Sho must have been conscious of tbe pursuit, but still Bhe did not cast a backward look over her shoulder. Up ono flight, then another and Bernicc bail gained n region of unused attics in the more ancient portion of tbo dwelling. Sho ran across a dim passage into a littlo, bare and empty room, lit up by the moon, light that streamed in at tho dormer win dows. She had run into a trap, nnd seemed to rcali.o tbo fact, lor 6ho ran about the room wildly, nnd then retreated to a farther coruer, uttering a low, strange cry, and covering her face with her hands. ? Monk entorcd tho room, and closed the door. Bernice, in her moonlit corner, panted and trembled. Monk pushed tbo bolt homo in its socket, and approached her, "Bernice I" he said, aoftly. Tho girl started, with a ringing cry, and looked up nt him with distended eyes. " Gilbert I" Bho ejaculated. " I—l thought it was Roy." " No, it is I. I heard from Mrs. Crowl that you had Btrangely disappeared from Mawr Castlo, and 1 know you wonld como here. I arrived myself only to-night." "With Roy? Oh, bow he in changed, Gilbert IMy poor tlnrlingl How grave nnd stern ho lias grown I And how bis aoul leaped out at mc from his eye 3 I Ho is looking forme now. Hark I is ho coming thia way I" " No, Bernicc. The 33 rooms have not been used in years. Ho will not find you." "I must go to him," cried tho girl, in her Bwcct, impetuous voice. " Now—now— thia minute I I know you were at the Park, and I went to your old room, Gilbert, but you wero not there. Release mo from my oath. I must go to my husband." " Bernicc, listen to mo. I have something to say to you firat—" " Not a. word. Why, he'a looking for mo now. Ho thinks mc a ghost. Release mo from my oath. I must go to him. Ia ho calling 1 Let mc go, Gilbert. In God's namo, let mc go to my husband I" "Not yet, Bernicc—not until you listen to what I bavo to say," eaid Monk, firmly. " Chelwynd thinks you a specLrc, as 3-011 say. Ho will go back to his room presently. There's timo enough j but you must listen to rue." " Then speak quickly. How can 1 wait i He thinks mc elcad—be wants mo—" "How do you know that ho wants you J" caked Monk, in crisp, bard tones. Bernicc scarcely scorned to uudcrstantl. Monk repeated the question. " How do I know ? Why, because I want him. Oh, Ilovo him so 1 I must go to him. Release mo from my oath, Gilbert—" "Hear mo first. Uernice, I bavo thought you the bravest, tbo noblest, the most gener ous of womim, but you are selfish like the rest. You nro not capable of sclf-sacri ficc." " What self-sacrifice?" Asked the girl, in a -harp whirper. "Arc you capable or a sublime sclf-aluio- E*tioni"'iU'inaudud Monk, his black eyc3nll aflame. "Can you immolate Self on tho altar of your husband', happiness? I bavo thought that there wns in you the stuff of which m.irl.vrs nro made* ; but, ah 1 you uru like all the rest, re<rnrdfiil only of your own petty love. And yet tlii'tn have been women what have sacrificed thcms.lvt. for their husbands—" "Gilbert, what do ycu mean?" cried Beruic-, bur voice ringing sharply on the air. " W'ar.t wan .your last nct_bcforc falling into the tranci in which you'werc consigned to your tomb ?" asked M'oak, in n stern voice. Bernicc seemed nhout to answer, but paused, deathly white. '' Yon remember 1 Your 1.-.st act. wan to clasp the hands of Cbotywnd and Sylvia words?''' r> '" *"."* " """'?'"'"" No answer came from the girl's white lips. She began to understand hia <irift. "Your last words were to bog Ohctwynd, after a nuit.ib'y i-enaon of mourning for you, to marry Sylvia Monk," declared Gilbert, in his passionless voice. "Was itnoteo?" Bcrnicc looked nthim dumbly, a world of gathering woo in her great vivid eyes of gloom. _ i \- "-Yon do not contradict mo, xour.laol* 1 "' before your Booming Heath was to rou thosa two who bad been so terribly parted. Ami tlu-3- were glad you gave them buck to each other. After consigning you to the burial vault, Chetwynd returned home and bad a privato interview with Sylvia, lv that interview all was made straight be tween them. Chetwynd thought it best to epeud tbe year of bis mourning abroad, and he went. 110 would not expose bis future wifuto malicious comment, lie returned to daj-. Thia very, evening Chetwynd nnd Sylvia renewed their former engagement. You- day is past—it is another's now 1 Your place is filled. You aro not wanted here. The revelation that you live will only bring dismay aud honor. Uernice, from my soul I pity you 1 My heart bleeds for you 1" Tho girl drooped silently on her knees in tho wide stream of moonlight, and bowed her head low on her breast. "There havo been women," Baid Monk, after a long Bilencc, "bo Belf-nbnegatiug tbat upon Bucb a return to lifo they would go away in silence, without revealing the blasting eecrot of their continued life. Aro there such women now?" Thero was n long and terrible pau?e. Monk waited in breathless BUBpenso for her response, but he had long to wait. At last her low and broken voice cut sharply through the Btillncss, with the words : " But lam hia wifo, you know. Wo said, ' until death do us part:' and I'm not dead, Gilbert. His Bccond marriago, whilo I live, would bo illegal." " Not bo. Death annuls nil ties. You seemed to die, nnd wero buried. You aro supposed to be dead—you aro dead, in tbe oyes of tbo law," said the villain, with on air of reluctant sincerity. "If you wore to renppcnr, it is possible that your marriage ceremony might have to be performed again to mako you Chctwynd's wife. I repeat, that in the eyes of tho low you nro dead. Chctwynd's Bccond marriage wonld bo legal and valid." Tbe girl, brought up in a far island of tbe sea, knowing nothingnbout law, profoundly ignorant upon many points on which an English ecbool-girl is well informed, having implicit rclianco upon and faith In the man who hod rescued her from tbe tomb, believed him I " I will go away," she said, in a voice bo strango that Monk hardly recognised it. '? lam d'iad in the cycs'of the law. It will be no crimo for them to marry. I heard him call her bis ? promised wife;' I sow him kiss ber. They shall bo happy. I love bim so well that I will die even for his sako I" " And you will go back to Mawr Castlo?" Tho girl nodded dumbly. "I'll find Flack. He shall hire a carriago, and drive you to some station beyond East bourne. It would not be well for yon to be seen even in Ea?tbournc. Flack will ac company you back to tbo castlo. You havo done a brave, grand, and noble thing in giv ing up Roy, Bernicc. I admire you for your sublime self-sacrifice. I will mako your futuro my cbnrgo. I will bo your brother, will watch over you, and try to make you happy. Wait hcre,Bcrnice, whilo I go to find Flack and Bend him for the car riage. I will return nnel sec you safely out and on your way with him." Bernicc again nodded assent, and he went out, leaving hcralono in the bare, cold room, in tbo pale stream of moonlight. Ho mado his way down to tho edge of the park", and readily found Flack, who was rsmokiug tx pipe in the ._adov? o" the trees. Monk communicated tbo fact of Mb success, and sent his ally to tbe little inn at Chct wynd-by-Sen for tho required carriage. Having seen him depart, fully instructed, Monk stolo back ngnin into tho house. All was Etill now in rooms and corridors. Ho crept along tho dim pas?oges, and ascended tlio Btairs to the attics. Ho entered tho little room in which bo had left Bernico. Sho was not there I Ho stood aa if trans, fixed. What had happened? Hail she been dls* covered 7 Had. she repented her Belf- sacri fice ? His wilel eyes detected the gleam of paper on the floor iv the broad sheen of the moon light. He bounded toward it and picked it op. It was a leaf from Bernice's note-book, find thero wn3 writing on it. 110 struck a fusee, nud read the irregularly scrawled words. Tbey had been written by Bernlce, and were as follows: " GiLUErt-r : I have given him up. I shall respect my oath not to reveal my identity ; but I cannot leave him yet. One more look nt bis dear face—to bear hia voice ngain— to see hira sleeping—surely I may be per mitted these without fear of wronging any one. Do not search for mc. I may co back to Mawr Castlo in time—not now. My only thought now is that be ie hero and I must be near bim, myself unseen." That was all. Monk sought for her through all tbo hours of that night. Ho listened at Chctwynd's door ; ho woo in nn ngony of unrest and foreboding, for hi? search was iv vain. He did not find hcrl CHAPTER XIV. A r.EALITy ITNDEB TIIE SEEMING. Upon tho morning after the double ap pearance of tho "Bpectre" of Lady Chet wynd at Chetwynd Park, the family met at the breakfast tablo at the usual hour, every member bearing evielcncc, in heavy eyes and pallid fnco, of having passed a sleepless and anxious night. The young marquis had been so absorbed in thoughts of Bernice throughout tbo night as to have quite for gotten his second betrothal to Miss Monk. But Sylvia, as may be Bupposcd, hnd not forgotten it. Thero was a tenderness in her manner, a soft rclianco upon him, a loving deference, that recalled to Lord Chetwynd tho fact tbat sho was h's betrothed wife. His face, however, did not brighten nt the remembrance, and the haggard look in hia blue eyes even deepened, lie was strangely Bilcnt throughout tho meal, although Sylvia both seemingly gay, and free from anxiety and care. After breakfast, Miss Monk took Lord Chetwynd _ arm with the air of gnc having a right to ita support, and walked through the great ball to the winter morning-room. " Oh, Roy," she said, " how happy I am I Your wife, nnd mistress of Chelwynd Tark I Lifo holds no joys that can compare witb these. And, Ro}-, don't think mc unmaid enly if I speak to you regarding our betro thal. A3 tbe poor dependent, my life is a burden to mo. I think it would be but fair and just to mo that our en_ngcmcut should be proclaimed at once. My position will tlii'ii be made clear, and I shall uot feel com pelled to seek other shelter." Chetwynd winced a little. He would have preferred not to announce hi? engage ment of marriage so soon after bis return home, but be rcluctautly acquiesced to Miss Monk's tlesiro. " 1 know you would think as I do," said Sylvin, in a tone of satisfaction. '* I pre sumed upon your consent to my wishes, and havo already communicated the fact of our eng.lperr.ent to Mrs. Skewer and to R.igee. I shall write a noto to Lady Wolby today, informing her also, and she will spread tho news throughout Sussex. Lady Welby will come to bco mc at once. And, Roy, when she asks mc how Boon wo aro to be married, what ahall I Bay to her ?" Chetwynd started, and shrank from Sylvia perceptibly. "I do not know—l had not thought," ho rr*.M, "I li-avo the date of our marriage to you, Sylvia. Any date you may fix upon will be agreeable to mc." " Then let mo Boy thl? day two montha," Baid Misa MoDk, vivaciously, -'It ia now March, Wo will bo married in May, in tho Eeaaon of early flowcr? and good weather. We will havo a grand breakfast here at tho Park, nnd a garden party, a dinner and a ball, to eclcbrato cyir marrlogo. And we will then go to tho Continent for.the summer 'ividia?U3UE--time. bftlw^jn^Bltdhrt-Bade'n,' s> Wiesbaden,' XtSnvllle, "i will do you credit, Roy. I sball be gay and charming, and ne sumptuously drifted as Eugenic in the height of ber glory. -Ah, that reminds mc," and sbu clasped ber jewelled hands more tightly on the Marquis's arm, and regarded him with nn affectation, of shyness nnd embarrassment, '? I would like to assume my new rank and position with suitable paraphernalia. Is not that a nice, long, suitable word?"and she forced a lojigh. "I am nlready n pensioner upon your bounty, Hoy—" . " Not so, Sylvia. Do not use an expression liko that. You have been a dear Bister to mc, and have occupied au honored position in my household. Yon have been no pen sioner or dependent. It ia my wi?h al?o that you have a suitable trousseau," and he sighed heavily. "1 will give you n blank chequo to-day, and you can order your jewels, shawls, Ibccb, and tho re?t, at your pleasure." Sylvia fairly beamed upon him in her de light and gratitude. She flung her arms around his neck and kissed him. He re turned the cares 3 in a quiet, dispassionate manner, that nt another time would havo angered her. She talked to bim gaily for a while, until the bailiff mndo bis appearance, and then she glided away to her own room, triumphantly happy. "Everything is going on 6plendidly, Ra gce," Bhe Bald, entering her dressing-room with a wild wnltz. " Chetwynd consents to the immediate announcement of our engage ment ; nnd I have appointed this day two months for the marriage. Ijle will givo mc a blaok cheque to-day for my trousseau. He cannot retreat now. I nm euro to bo Lady Chetwynd, Quit brooding over that mystery of the ghost for an hour, and help mo to make out my list? for orders and shop ping. Wo have timo enough to study the mystery aflcrwnrds." Miss Monk sat down nt hor desk nnd wrote an affectionate note to her friend, Lady Welby, announcing her engagement of marriage to Lord Chetwynd. Her next letters wera to milliners and dressmakers, ordering a magnificent trousseau. She also wrote to various business houses in London for samples of poodo and garments to be Bent to Chetwynd Park for her inspection, thUB ordering jewels, shawls, rare laces, and a host of other feminine adornments. She went down to luncheon, meeting the marquis, Gilbert Monk, and Mr. Sanders, who had been invited to remain. It waa evident thnt tbo bailiff had not been informed of tbe new relations existing be tween his employer ond Sylvia. Tho young lady awaited only an opportunity to pro claim her good fortune, which soon occurred and tho bailiff hastened to offer his con gratulations. After tho repast, Gilbert Monk withdrew apparently to his own room, and was seen no more until dinner. Tho intervening hours were actually spent by him in on ex amination of the disused portions of the grand old house, in tbe hope of finding Bernlce. Night found him again disappointed. Lord Chetwynd retired to hia room that, night with a scnEc of disappointment, half convinced that he had been indeed tbe via tim of a freak of a disordered imagination. Ye.' he Bat late before tbo firo in his bed chamber, with his cyea fixed with intense expectancy upon the door of tho bathroom, praying tbat the "Illusion" might be repeated. no prayed in vain. The fire burned low on his hearth. The alienee of midnight lay like a spell upon the house, and yet his straining eyes failed to behold tho vision thoy longed for. And nt laat, wearied and hopeless, bo flung himself on his couch and dropped into a troubled Bleep. lie had been slumbering mora than an hour, and hia deepening breathing Bounded through the bushed room, nnd tbo light burned low, and tho embers were elying on tbe hearth, when tho door of tho dressing room softly opened, nnd tho " spectre " stole into tbo room. No instinct warned him that Bernicc wna near. The pulses of his heart stirred not as sho stole through the dimness—like a ghost, indeed—to his side, and bent above bim in an agony of love and tenderness. Her kisses fell like enow-flakes softly on his hair, hia face, his hands, nnd be felt them not. He had been much nwakoon tho previous night, and Nature was now taking her recompense. " My darling I O, my darling I" wa9 the mute cry tbat filled Bcrnicc'a heart. " The now love will never worship yon as tho old love did. Sylvia cannot understand you as Bernicc did. Oh, it is hard to be thought dead, and yet to live—to know that regret for one is over, and that ono is no longer missed. It is bard to ace one's placo filled— to know that another's caresses are dearest now, another's voice sweetest, another's love most prizod, I should have died in my trance. Ob, God I wby did I not dioi" She bowed her head, and tears dropped liko a ailent rain upon tbe fair goldeu hair of hor young husband. And ho who loved her better than his lifo lay there sleeping heavily, hearing nothing, seeing nothing, knowing nothing of her nearness to him. Exhaustion fettered him as a drug might havo done. Bernico kissed his bands softly. She yearned over him. And yet sho dared not betray to him her presence. Her oath re strained her. A little whilo sho lingered, until he stirred uneasily in his eloep, and then she silently flitted away, going into the dressing room. She had hidden in tha attics all day. Sho was cold and hungry, having eaten nothing since the provious day. She stood beforo the hearth in her dressing- room in an attitude of flight, barkening intently, and warming herself. Thero was a silver tray on tbe table, with a holf bottle of wine and eomc biscuits, which had been brought up by tbo butler for Lord CL.twynd lato iv the evening, tbo butler having observed bow little bi? lordship had enten nt tablo Blncc bis roturn homo. The littlo attention to the marquis Btood Bernice In good stead. She drank a portion of the wine nnd ato tho biscuits as she grew warm and comfort able. But she might not linger here. It wob time to go. She had worn a dark long cloak of water proof cloth ou her journey from Wales, and it was hidden in an upper room now. She batl chosen to lay it aside during her mitl. night excursion, deeming it safer, if sho were met, to be taken for n Fpectre. The cloak waa nut warm enough to prot. *-i ber from the chill of the damp of the u„... Ed rooms which she made ber haunt, and she stole now lo one of the wardrobes and pulled out a lower drawer in which she bail kept ber shawls. Tha chawls were there now as she bad left them. Her ilresseB bung in the pri-ss, and were folded on the sbulvep, just as Fitine bad nrranped them. She took out nn Indian cn3hmcre ohawl which Chetwynd bad bought for her in London, and wrapped its soft folds around ber. Tbeu sho closed the drawer and crept to the dour and listened. Not a sound was to bo heard without. She opened the door and crept out into the ball,stealing along in the dimness like a swift shadow. She crossed the wide hall to place herself nt greater distance from Chct wynd's rooms, and so unconsciously passed close to tbe doors of the suit occupied by M.ts Monk. She passed the dressing.room and bed chamber ot her East Indian rivnl, her heart beating, it seemed to her, liko a drum. Aa she came abreast tho door of Miss Monl: _ bath-room, which had been ajar all tie evening, it silently opened, nnd the witch like figure cf old Itrtgcc crcptout Vfkc a flash. Bernico caught a glimpse only of tbo dusky East Indian face, which resembled a faco cut from a walnut moro €lian anything else, a red turban, a, pair of outfftretchet! nrms, land tho gleam of sinister eyea, mid then Bhe 'flow beforc.sd.-5r jtmngo pur?uer without o|' 1 word 61 outcry."- The old woman sprang upon her like a panther, clutching her shawl. Uernice loosened her hold upon it and flitted away without it, like tho wbito spectre she seemed. She hurried into tho branching corridor in a panic, but tbo old woman did not pursue her. Ragco clutched tbe shawl tightly in her arms and hurried back into the bath-room. No ono had been aroused. She went into Mi?3 Monk's bed-cbamber. Sylvia was sitting up in bed anxious and expectant. " Well ?" oaid tbeyoung lndy, impatiently. " You havo watched all tho evening, Ilagce, depriving mo of my Bleep, and what good havo you gained by it?" "This I" cried old Rogco, dashing tho shawl down upon tho bed. "Do you know that shawl? I have just seen tbo spectre I It came out of tbo late Lady Cbctwynd'B dressing-room. It was drc?sed in white, only it wore this shawl to protect it from tbe cold. It crossed tho hall. When it came alongside the bath-room I darted out and grasped the shawl, dragging it from ita shoulders. Tho Bpectre waa flesh nnd blood I tho shawl proves that. I saw ita face ; it was white with terror ; it was changed and beautiful; but it was the faco of Lady Chetwynd I—tho faco of the living mar chioness I It i 3 na I have believed. Gilbert Monk overheard our scheming, and outwitted us. The girl is nlivc, I tell you I Wby blio does not reveal herself to her husband 1 can not imagine. Sho bos but to speak to Bend you and mc to prison. Our safety lies in prompt action. That pretended death must be made n reality I" CHAPTER XV. THE NEW CELEIir.ITY. We havo now to relate tlio experiences of Mr. Tempest, tbe great explorer of China and Tartnry, who bad been tho travelling companion of Lord Chetwynd upon tho re turn to England from Genoa. Mr. Tempest was devoted to science, nnd hi? explorations nnd discoveries bad made a great sensation in tbo scientific world. He had sent books home to ho published under tbo auspices of tbo Iloyal Geographical So ciety, and his name bad become in England a household word. Upon tho morning after the departure of Lord Chetwynd for Sussex—the morning after Mr. Tempest had read in tbo new? paper of tb.it disaster at sco in which Mr. and Mrs. Gwcllan had perished—tho great explorer exhumed hi. manuscripts, diaries, and reports from hi? portmanteau, and made bis way to the headquarters of the Royal Geographical Society. Ho found himself received with flattering attentions. Members thronged around him to shake hands with him. Beforo ho left tho Society rooms be had received n dozen invitations to dinner from men of rank and learning. Tempest would have declined tbcm all. His benrt was sore with the recent wound inflicted by the no'ico of "Bernicc Gwellou'B" death. He wanted to retnrn quietly wbenco ho bad come, but so many "Follows" of tbe R.G.S. combined to combat his resolves that be consented to remain a month in England at tbe least, and accepted an invitation to dine with a learned F.B.G.S.—one Sir Harry Fortcscue —that very do 7, and an invitation for the morrow with a party of scientific gentle men. " You look harassed, Tempest," Bald Bir Harry Fortcscue, as at last ho walked out of tbe society rooms arm in arm with tbe great explorer, on their way to the baronet's club, into which Tempest had been per suaded to ."drop" for an hour. "You think we phall ru_ you to death, but when tho ladies—tho most - indefatigable lion hunters in tbe world—come upon you, you will havo to surrender at discretion. Have you ever been much in English society, my dear air ?" " Not of late ycar?," replied Mr. Tempest. ?' I don't liko society. Sir Harry. My fifteen years, moro or less, in Tartary, have not fitted mo to grace a lady's boudoir. I Ebould liko to ask after a few whom I re member. As yet I bavo mado no inquiries. Wbero is young Lord Grafton now-o -doyB?" " Dead, no died ten years since." " Indeed I" said the explorer. " Can you tell mo anything of tho Bight Honorable Mrs. Williom Molyncux. a great beauty and belle a dozen years ago ?*' 110 asked tbo question with Bccming carclc-Bnces and indifference, his face averted. He might have inquired, judging from hia tone, after Bomo chanco acquaintance of former times. But his face had grown sud denly pale, hi 3 forehead wns dewed with sweat, Mid hia mouth quivered under hia beard. Ho awaited the baronct'fl answer in a breathless suspense. "I remember Mrs. Molynenr," Baid Sir narry. "Who does not J She was, as yon say, a great beauty. She bad some trouble with her husband, I believe. I never under stood what tbo trouble was, but he deserted her. She went to ono of the German -baths fcr her health. Sha never recovered from the blow of her husband's desertion. .She' came home a wreck of her. former self, a_d buried herself somowhero in tbe country. She lost ber only child in its infancy, I have beard, and had few ties to bind her to life. Her's was a Bad alory. Sho died.seven years ago—" "Died?" " Yea—of consumption, I think, ncr death was in all tbe papers. Did you kuoW her well ?" Mr. Tempest did not reply immediately, nor did he show his faco. to hia companion, who would havo been startled at its singular pallor, and at the Btrango expression of emotion that convulsed it. "I met her often in society," tbo ex plorer said at last, 03 tho silence prow marked and oppressive. " Here we aro at my club,. Mr. Tempest," Baid Sir Harry. "I am anxious to intro duce you to my menu's. Perhaps you may really find sorao of ybur old acquaintances among them." Tempest hesitated. His soul waa pro- foundly stirred by tbe. news be had just heard. He would have given much lo be able to creep away to ecrac friendly aolitudo just then, but he conquered bis long ing, and with an exercise of hi. almost superhuman self-control calmed his features and resumed his ordinary manner. Ho accompanied Sir Harry into tbo club ; men of note and rank wero introduced to hira, and be found hi? namo nnd travels alike well known to Sir Harry's fricuds. He met no old acquaintances. Ho dined that evening with Sit Harry Fortcscue, as bo had promised. His heart was in mourning for Bernicc, whom he be lievcel to be dead, and also in mourning and torn by tho pangs of self- reproach because of that Mr?, Molyncux whoso story had been bo sad, and who hod died bo young. "And yet what have I to reproach my self for?" he asked himself, with anery defiance. " I did rightly. And poor Mar guerite la dead I ? Died Bevcn years ago.' It is as well." A large party hnd been arranged to Buccced the dinner. Tho ladies drove home to dres? for the larger evening entertain ment, Lady Fortcscue retired to herprivato rooms, and Mr. Tempest adjourned with his host and a few kindred souls to tho library, to Bpend tho hours intervening between tho two entertainments in congenial convcr- BUlieiU. As the hour grew Into tho drawing-rooms began to fill with gaily-dressed people, nnd tho host returned with hia friends to the scene of brightne?n ond Bnlcndor. Sir Harry, aa in duty bound, placed himself in cloao attendance upon Lady Fortcs cue, assisting her ia the reception of her Tempest was, as at the dinner, ovcrg \whclmcd with tinned io r rccsi>e" modestly _sd 'coolly.* 'Hts! wit gleamed like a polished swam blade, cutting now and then to the bonis. lis was cynical, cool, haughty, rtsurvid, and strangely enough, bo was a social success. Lady V . tcscuc made a tour of her grand rooms ?; a bis arm, introducing bim to various, i.oiies with a pretty air of pro prieto-i-l.ip, as if meaning to asi-crt that tbo new lion wob her own especial pro perty. "Do you know, Mr. Tempest," eaid her ladyship, smiling, " tkat I am piqued ntyuur cynicism and hatred of women, and that I have vowed to myself that our great Tartar ohall bow his haughty head to the yoke of an Englishwoman 1 No? You did not sus pect my designs ? Well, I have given you fair warning." "And who may this conquering English woman be ?" " Sho is Lady Diana Nortbwick. You bee her by tbo window, surrounded by ber adorers. She is an Iceberg—a human ice berg—a coquette. But is Bhe not beautiful 7 Sho is engaged to tanrry Lord Tentamour, who now stands at her Bide, holding her bouquet. What do you think of her?" Tempest glanced in the direction Indicated to him, and beheld at a distant wiudnw, surrounded by a charmed circle of gentle men, n woman rarely beautiful—so beautiful that one having once seen her faco could never forget it. Sho was toll, regal, and Btntucsque, with a nobis and queenly carriage of ber utately figure. Her pure Greek face was superb in its royal haughtiness. The red lips were curled in a smile that was Btrangrly fascinat ing and winning. She was a blorule of the purest type, wilh a complexion like the fairest pearl. Her hair was of a pale golden tint, yellow, without a glint of ml in its luxuriant masses. It wsib arranged in crepes, nnd puffs, and rolls, and curls, after tbo fashion of the day, but ita fanciful disorder could not conceal tbe shape of her small, noble hcod, which was poised proudly upon her Blender neck. Bbo looked an empress, in ber robe of pale blue velvet, with trim mings of point laco, aud ornaments of diamonds. "Sho is very beautiful," said Tempest, slowly. " I can imagine a man falling in love with her, but you say Bhe is a coquette 1 There la a disdain in her haughty glance, ns she looks around her nt this moment. Is tbat n revelation of her inner nature 1 Is she really above nil these coquetries?" "The question sbow? that she hr.a already cast her glamour over you," Baid Lady For tcscue, bantcringly. "Tbat ifl always the way. It is fortunate that you have no tie to bind you to another. Think if you should fall in love with Lady Di while you were the husband of wine other woman ? Such a thing would not be unknown here in London. Ab, I fancy you wince, Mr. Tem pest. Con it be that there is a .Mrs. Tem pest in the background all the while V' Lady Fortpsquc inquired, smilingly. "No; I should say that could not be," said the explorer, calmly. " All the tics that onco fettered mc are broken. But lam no silly moth to flutter around tbe flams of Lady Dis beauty. 1 candidly think that sho is one of tbe mest beautiful women I have ever seen—perhaps the most beautiful ; but bcr's is the beauty of tbo glorious marble statue, not the beauty of a tender woman. Do men call ber heartless 7" " Yc_, and rave nbout ber, nnd go mod about her beauty. She enjoys her power, and that is why she has held her lover, Lord Tentamour, bo long nt arms' length. They will be married Boon, I hear." "Who is Lady Northwick?" asked Tem pest. " She iB the widow of Sir Basil North wick, a rich baronet, who was Bufliciently accommodating to die nnd leave her all his wealth. Sho must bo nearly thirty yoara old. Did you not tell mc that you do not caro for wemen 7 Yet sco bow long we have been talking about the most brilliant co quette in London. Having excited your curiosity in regard to her, permit mo to in troduce you to her." "Thanks," said Tempest, bowing assent. " I dnro say you are tired of mc, Lady Forttscue, and are willing to be rid of mc." They advanced towards tbo reigning belle, who welcomed tho lion of tho evening with a dazzling smile. Lady Foitescue presented the great explorer, and then moved oway. At tbe distance of a few pace, sho paused to speak to n guest, and her glances reverted to Lady Diana and Tempest. The Tartar traveller was already deep in conversation with the polished coquette. "Lady Di is euro to ndd Mr. Tempest lo her list of lovers," thought Mrs. Fortcscue, witb a thrill of dismay. "Ho does not understand a woman', wiles. She would like to win tho homagoof tho new celebrity. I fancy be is .a widower. Thero was a strange expression in big eyes when I spoke of a pcssible Mrs. Tempest. I could fancy him newly bereaved when 1 remember tbat look. lam persuaded that something start ling will grow out of this meeting of Lady Di and Tempest. Ho will fall in love with her and ho will not go back to Tar ?tary next month. But what will bo tho end?" _ . With another glance at tho pair. Lady Fortesquc disappeared.—(7. be Continued) 