AN iRISH STOR BY 0. M. Beautifully situated in a pleasant valley of the White Knight's country, at the fcot of the Gaiter Mountains, was the cabin of . Larry Dodd and hia wife. They rented a cabin and a few acres of land, whioh they cultivated with great care. They \tere in dependent, and respeotedby their neighbors; [ they loved each other in a matrimonial sort of way, and few .had more appearance of comfort about them. Larry was a hard working, and oooaBion ally hard drinking, Dntch-built little man, with a fiddle head and a round body, a steady-going, straight-forward fellow, only when ho carried too mtiah whisky; then, it must be confessed, he coald not walk the chalked line with perfect accuracy. He had a moist, ruddy countenance, rather inclined to an espression of gravity. Take it alto geihet, he was generally looked upon as a proper person, notwithstanding the fact that he had every day in the year, a sort of un holy dew upon his face, even in the coldest weather, which gave rise to a supposition that Larry j.was apt to indulge in strong po tations. However, all men of talents have their faults- indeed, who is without them ? and Larry, setting aside hia weakness, was a ' most distinguiEhed men. He was a man of mixed hab'ts, ia bis mode of - life,' hia drink atd ..his costume. 'His dress accorded1 Svith-Jiis oharacter-a Bert of half-and-half between farmer and horse jockey. He wore a blue coat of coarse cloth, with short skirts aud a standing collar; bis waitcoat was red, and hia lower habiliments were made of leather, which, in course of: time, had shrunk so much that they fitted like a second skin, and long use had absorbed their.moisture to such a degree that they made a crackling noisa as' he moved along. A hat covered with 'oil skin, a whip, all worn and jagged at the end, a pair of second-hand, or, to speak more cor rectly, second-footed, greasy top-boots, that' seemed never to have seen a blacking-brush, and one spur with a rowel, completed the everyday dress of Larry Dodd. Thus equipped was Larry returning from .Casho!, mounted on a rough-coated and one eyed nag, though, notwithstanding these and a few other trifling blemishes, a well-built animal . having just purobased the said nag. with a fancy that he could make his own money again, and maybe turn an odd penny more by it at the coming Kildorry fair. Larry, well pleased with himself, trotted along the road in the lingering twilight of a lovely June evening, thinking of nothing at all,"only- whistling and wondering would horses always be so low. " If they go at this rate," said he to him self, " for half nothing, and that paid-in butter-buyerB'notes, who would ba the fool to walk?" This very thought indeed was passing through , his mind,- when hia attention was aroused by a woman paoing quiokjy by the side of,his horse, and hurrying on as if endeavoring to reach her destination before night closed in. Her figure, considering the longBtrides she took, appeared to be under the common size-rather of the dumpy order, but whether the damsel was young, old, fair or brown, pretty or ugly, Larry could form_no notion, owing to the * faofc of her wearing a largo cloak, the hood of which was turned up and completely concealed every feature. ' ; Enveloped in this masa of dark and eon ocoling drapery, without much exertion the strange vjoman contrived to keep up with Larry Dodd's steed for somo time, when hia master very civilly offered her a lift bshind him as far as he was going her way. " Civility begets oivility," they eay; however, he re ceived no answer, and thinking that tho lady's silence proceeded only from bashful-? neas, like a man of true gallantry, not a word more said Larry, until he pulled up by the side of a gap, and then said he : " My little girl just jump up behind me without a word more, though never a one have you spoke, and 111 take you safe and sound through iho lonecomo bit of road that is before us." She jumped at tho offer, sure enough; and up with her on the back of the horse, as light as a feather. In an instant she was seated behind Larry, with her hand and arm buckled around his n aist, holding on. " I hope you're comfortable there, my dear?" said L3rry, in his good-humored way. But there was no answer, and on they went-trot, trot, trot, along tho road-and all was bo styi that you might have heard the sound of the hoofs a mile off ; there was nothing else to hear except the moaning of a distant stream that kept up ?& continued crooning, like a nurse hushing a babe. Larry, who had a keen ear. did not, how ever, r; quire so profound a siiense to detect the cliak of one of the shoes. " *Ti3 only loose the Bhoe is," said he to his companion, as they wero ju3t entering on the lonely bit of road. ~ Soma old trees, with branches festooned ivy, grew over a dark pool of water, which had been formed as a drinking place for cattle. Here the horse made a dead halt, and Larry, not knowing what vicious tricks his new purchase might have, and unwilling that, through any. odd chancsj the young woman should get "spilt" in the water, dis mounted, thinking tc lead the animal past the pool. " By the piper's luck, that always found what_ he wanted," said Lirry, recollect Ing himself," I've a nail in my pooket; 'tis not theJSrst time I've put on a shoe, and maybe it won't be the last, for here is no want of paving stones to make hammers in plenty." . . No sooner was Larry off than off with a swing came the woman, just at his side. Her ' feet touched tho- ground without making the least noise, and away she bounded, like an ill-mannered creature as she was, without saying " By your leave," or no matter what else. She Eeemed to glide rather than run, not along tha road, but across a field, up toward the old ivy-covered walls of Kilnaelattery Church-and a pretty church it was. ; . , " Not so fast, if Syou please, young woman, not so fast," cried Larry, calling after her. But away,she ran, and Lirry fol'owed, his leathern garments: already - described creck, crack, crackling at every Etep he took. " Where's my wages ?" said Larry. " Give me a kiss, my girl; eure, I've earned a kiss from your pretty lips, and 111 have it, too !" But she.went on faster and faster,-regard 1ce3 of these and other flattering speeches from her purf uer. At last she came to the churehyard wall, and then over with her in an instant. , "Well, well! She's a mighty smart crea ture, anyhow! To be sure how nest she steps. Did anyone ever see the like of that before? But I'll not bo baulked by any woman that ever wore a head, or any ditch, either !"exclaimed Larry, as, with adesperate bound, he vaulted, scrambled and tumbled, over the wall into tho church yard. Up he got from the elastic sod of a newly made grave, in which Yade Leary that morning was buried-rest his soul!-and on went Larry, atumbling over headstones and footstonep, over old graves and new graves, pieces _of ccffins, and tho ekulla and bones of dead men-the lord save us !-that were scattered about there as plenty as paving stones, floundering amid great overgrown dock leaves.and, brambles that, with their long, prickly armB became tangled around his limbs and held him back with a fearful grasp. Meantime the merry woman in the cloak moved through ; all these obstructions as evenly- and as gaily as ii the churchyard, crowded up tie it was with graves arid grave* Etoue?, bad been tbe floor of a danc-ngroom. Hound and round the walls of the old church she went. '.'/ . \- '' I'll just wait," said Larry, seeing this and thinking it all nothing but a trick to frighten him. "When she comes round again, if 1 don't take the feisB I won't that's all ; and here she is 1" L3rry Dodd sprang forward with open ' arms and clasped in them-8 woman, it^ is true, but a woman without any lips to kiss, by reason of her baying no head I "MurderI" cried bo. "Well, that ac counts for her not speaking !" Having uttered these words, Larry him self bccame dumb with fear and astonish ment ; his blood seemed turned to ice, and a dizziness came over him. Staggering like a drunken man, he rolled against the broken window of the ruin, horrified as tho con viction that he had held a ghost in his em brace. When be returned to something like a feel ing of consciousness heslowly opened his eyes, I and then indeed a scene of wonder burst upon him. In the midst of the ruin stood an old wheel of torture ornamented with heads. This was plainly visible in the strange light which spread itself around. It was fearful to behold, but Larry could not choose but look, for he was powerless through wonder and fear.~He would have shouted for help, but his tongue cleaved to.thereof of bis mouth, and not . one word could ha eay; His eyes almost started from their sockets, bis breast ratted on the thickness of the wall, over which, on one side, his head and out stretched neck prcj:ctid; and on the other, although one toe louchedtlie ground, it de rived no support from thence ; terror, as it werej kept * him balanced. Sirangs noises assailed his eai3, until at last they tingled painfully to the sharp clatter of little bells, which kept up a continual ding-ding-ding. Marrowksa bones rattled and clanked, and. the deep and solemn sound of a great bell came booming on the night wind. . It was Btrange music to dance by ; never theless, moving to it, round and round the wheel set with'skulls, were well-dresBedladies and gentlemen, and soldiers and sailors, and priests and publicans, and jockeys and Jennies, but all without their h§ads. . Larry did not know what to think. ' His brains wero all in a mitt, and losing the balance which he had so long maintained, he 'fell-head foremost into tho midst of the com pany of ghosts, '?«« I'm done for and lost forever I" reared Larry, with his heels turned towards the stars; and Bouse! down he came. " Wclcome, Lirry Dodd, welcome!"?.; oried every head, bobbing up and down in the air. " A drink for larry Dodd 1" shouted, they as with one voice, that quavered like a Bhake on the bagpipes. . No sooner said than done. One of the number presented a brimming cup to Larry, who, to show his manners, drank it ofi-like a man. .. . ?. * " 'TiB capital stuff," he would have said, but be got no further than " cap " when da capitated was ho, and his bead began dancing over his shoulder. ; Larry, however, wa3 not the first man who lost his head through the temptation of looking at the bottom of a brimming cup. Nothing more did he re member clearly, for it seems body and head being parted is not very favorable to thought. When his senses returned bis first aot was to put his hand to where his head formerly grew, and to hiB great joy there he found it still. He then, shook it gently, but bis head remained firm enough, and, somewhat re assured by this he proceeded to open his eyes and look around him. It was . broad daylight, and in the bid churchyard at Kilnaslattery he found himself, with his head upon the lap of eartb." Could it have been an ugly dream? " Oh, no," said Larry. " A dream could never have brought ba here, stretched'on the fiat of my fcaok, withtho death's head and cross-bones tormenting me on the fine old tombstone of Fat Kearney of Kil.erea-but where is the horso ?" He arose slowly, every joint aching from the bruises he' had received, and went to the pool of water, but no horse was there. .. . "'Tis homo I must go," said Larry with a rueful countenance.. "But how will t face Nancy 1 What shall I tell her about the horse, and tho two pounds he cost me? 'TIB them ghosts that have made their own of him from me, the horse-stealing robbers of the world, that have no fear for the gallows 1 But what's gone is gone, that's a clear case." So saying he turned his steps homeward, "and arrived at his cabin about noon without encountering anyfurther adventures. There ho found Nanoy who,ag he expected, looked as black nsga thunder-cloud at him for being out all night. She listened to hia marvellous relation which he gave with exclamations of astonishment. When he had concluded, with expressions of grief at the loss of the horse he had paid for like an honest man, she said : Bat what took you up to the old onaron at all, out of tlk road at that time cf night, Larry ?" , _ Larry loaked like a criminal for whom there was no reprieve. Ha scratched his head for an excuse, but not one could be muster up, so he knew not what to say. - V O Larry, Larry," muttered Nancy, after waiting for some time for hia answer, " it's talking with a g:rl you were-an' you a married man I Confess the truth 1!' Larry shuddered at the tempest which he peroeived was now about to break upon his devoted head. ~ ' " Nancy," eaid he," I do oonfess. It was a woman without any head-" His wife heard no more. " A woman-I knew it was !" cried she.^ '. But a woman without a head, Larry 1 Well," it is long before Nancy Gallagher ever thought it would come to this with her J That she Bbould be left desolate and alone here by her baste of a husband for a woman without a head! * 0 father, father, and mother, mother, it is well you are low to-day, that you don't see this affliction and dis grace to your daughter that you rared decent and tender ! Oh, Larry you villain !" You'll be the death of your lawful wife, talking with such vile oraytbers!" " Well," said Larry, putting his hands in bis ooat pockets, " least said ia soonest mended. Of the young woman I know nothing; but this I do known, that a woman without a head may well be called a good woman, becauBe she has no tongue 1' , " How this remark operated oh the matri monial dispute I will leave my readers to im agine. . It is, however, reported that Nancy had the last word. Mr first word to all men ard boys who care to bear jne is, Don't get into -debt, starve and go to heaven, but don't borrow. Try first begging, I don't mind, if it's really needful, Etealing ! But don't buy things you can't pay for !-Buskin. WHEN the eong'a gone out of yonr life? you can't Btart another while it's a ringing in your eara ; it's best to have a bit of silence, and out o' that maybe a psalm'll come by and by.-Edward Garrett. J THE maelatrom attracts more notica^than the quiet fountain , a comet draws more attention than the steady star, but it is better to be maelstrom, and star than comet, following out the sphere and orbit of quiet usefulness in which God places us. John Hall. AFFECTATIONS in any part of our carriage is lighting up a candle to our defects, and never fails to mako us take notice of it, either aa wanting sense or sincerity. MOST people would succeed in small things if they were not troubled with great ambi tions.-Longfellow. 