THE COMING LABOUR CRISIS The manifesto of the Australasian Shearers' Union is one of the most peremptory docu- ments even of that usually very peremp- tory kind ever published. It may be taken as the shearers' answer to the action the other day of the squatters in the formation of a Pastoralists' Union, and a most uncompro- mising answer it is. Ever since the conclu- sion of the late labour trouble in Queensland it has been evident that the next shearing season would see a similar trouble arise here, and now it is almost upon us. Both sides declare themselves determined and san- guine of success, and in that case there can be no doubt that we are on the eve of a very serious struggle be- tween capital and labour. Now, if it is true of strikes in general that their only justification is the certainty, or at any rate a strong chance, of success, the same thing may be said of resistance to strikes, and in that view it is not easy to see what justifi- cation the squatters can have for entering upon what must be so bitter, so widespread, and so unequal a contest. With the in- stance of the Queensland shearers' strike before them they can hardly hope to win, or if they do they must certainly be, not only, as they were once described, the most "racially-hopeful" body of men in the world, but the most obstinate. The lesson of that strike, or threatened strike — for, happily, owing to good sense on both sides, it was averted — was that in the event of such a struggle it was not merely the Shearers' Union which the squatters would have against them but but the whole force of the federated trades-unionism of the country. Sudden as the occasion was, it found federated labour prepared, and not an hour, we may be sure, has been lost since in drawing the bonds still closer and making ready for the impending bigger battle of to- day. Now we are told that the Sydney Trades and Labour Council has pledged itself to support the shearers in their demands by all possible means ; that the Wharf Labourers have bound themselves not to handle wool shorn by non-union labour ; that the Seamen have unanimously decided that in the event of any such wool being loaded by non-union wharf labour they will refuse to sail on the ships containing it ; and that nearly all the maritime and other trade bodies have pledged themselves to stand by the shearers and assist them both by boy- cotting all firms employing non-union labour and, if necessary, with funds. Then, still further to appeal to public support, we have this strong manifesto, addressed to "all who desire to see the wealth- producer receive his just share of production" ; in which the "last word" of the Shearers' Union on the matter is uttered in the following unmis- takable fashion— "Owing to the determined opposition displayed by a section of the pastoralists to the principles of our society it has been decided by the united trades and labour organizations of the colony that no wool shorn during the ensuing season by non-union labour will be handled by mem° bers of an affiliated society." Now, what is the individual squatter, or for that matter, what is the Squatters' Union to do in the face of such a combination of all labour as this ? In fact, the squatters are not united — the manifesto speaks only of a section of the pastoralists — but even if they were, and their new Association were as well organized as it possibly is wealthy, how are they to contend against such odds as these ? They may get their wool shorn by non- union labour, of course, and it is to be hoped the union-men will have the good sense not to attempt by any overt act to prevent them ; but then their troubles will only be beginning. Where are the carriers to take it to port ? the agents to receive or the labourers to load it ? and where, supposing these difficulties got over, are the vessels to carry it to market? All blocked by one universal boycott. It is on this ground that the Australasian Shearers' Union makes its strong appeal to the support of all the organized labour of the colonies, not for the mere advantage of its own members, but to "accept the challenge issued to unionism by the most selfish of the capitalist class and settle once and for ever the question of the right to unite for mutual benefit and the protection of the rights of labour." There is no question in the case, it is pointed out, of wages or hours, or conditions of labour. Many squatters have already accepted, from choice or necessity, the Union's rules, and work under them con- tentedly enough. It is simply "a straight out fight with the most selfish of the capitalist class for the principle of union ism," and surely, before committing their industry and all the country to such a crisis, the section of the pastoralists opposed to that principle should take counsel, first, as to whether there is really anything worth fighting about, and next, whether in such a fight they would have the ghost of a chance of escaping a very bad beating indeed. 