THE WEDDING NIGHT. WOKEN sometimes WofiSered why Miss St Sauveur haft not married. Men never did. Possibly they were &ware; that she could have married Whenever she chose. In this they were right. It was Claverhouse's opinion. He at h»st did not imagine that tuc offer he had just made was at all a novel thing to her. Nor did she take it as though it were. She ha(| a habit of frowning a little at times—ft frown that brought her flhe dark brows together. She frowned in this way now while she looked at the young man contemplatively out of her yellow-brown eyes. " I cannot picture to myself why a man like you should wish to marry a woman like me. I am not ductile, not malleable. I have hot the qualities that make a good wife —for such as you." Claverhouse shrugged his shoulders. I love you." " Oh, yes. The old story." " Meanwhile you do not answer me." " Well, I answer you now. And in a way which, to a degree, surprises myself. Tou want nie to mftrry you? I will do as you wish." Never, surely, was there a stranger courting. Claverhouse would have wished to draw her to him, but something in her mien forbade approach. Whether she loved him would have been a question he could have asked himself very pertinently under the conditions existent. But he did not put the query to himself. She consented to marry him. And for the rest, he loved her. This fact alone filled the horizon for him, suffused it with a glamor in which all other issues showed shadowily through a veil. When news of Claverhouse's anticipated marriage reached his friends it occasioned a wondering murmur. He had been deemed an eccentric where women were concerned: almost a misogynist. In many other ways he was unlike other men. As a boy he had been a dreamer; as a youth at college he had been called "Miss Claverhouse" until he one day quietly knocked down a big fellow in whose mouth the appellation hod most frequently been. He had a skin fair as a girls, and his frame was slight, tall and delicate. He had travelled most of his time. He had never taken any active part in life whatever. He spoke little, and his mode of address had something of the drawling gentleness of a very feminine .woman. People did not frequently affect to understand him. Generally, tlie verdict concerning him trould have been that be was eiraedingly easygoifig and harmless. . ^ And tyhy should Miss St. Sauvenr care id many this faihion of man ?. He hat. money, to^be sure; hut so had MiBS St. Sauveur, now. lime had been when she bad not bad, and that only shortly before. Btft a belle she had always been; knd a beauty too according to those whose taste was conceded to be that of the connoisseur. No. It was inconceivable that she should want to marry a man who was "so decidedly a Miss Nancy!" Yet, inconceivable or not, the wedding day drew nearer. It was felt id be, by the friends of both, another ecceirtijcity that the marriage should take place Why had they not come home for' mony? But Miss St. Sauveur nsa fflK wished it. She had always, for the i&tter; of that, been given to strange eapricis. And as for Claverhouse, what cared he ? There was a full moon, and through the yellow whiteness suffused by it a light in h boat moored on the river hard by glowed dully red. A man had been waiting in the shadows down by the river for an hour—for two hours—then three. The lights in the house bad seemed to him to be about to burn forever. Through the mellow, flower-scented warmth of the night there came at intervals an echo of laughter, the tones of a piano, the ringing notes of a song. The man lighted a cig», «tited agair, and then tossed it Sway MtH ft muffler oath. How long would this last ? He took out another cigar. tJfit this he did not light. His quic a moving shadow adr shfidowB of the treci^ shape. His restli veered into a steel; J»d discerned ibb&lint; was 9 woman . at *6ich fcfifli nerve was tense wfth purpose fchd set hs iron. " Well—you wfiiited to see me fend here I am." The words cObe haughtily from under the scarf of Ilbe thai half concealed the wanfah'8 ftce. ReverfckttlesB the toon gift A ehoft isajpL. ftS K*iied back #gaifl^a tree and She might tttfefe what teAe fch§ 1&&L; She had tome btit here. S&fe; httd feiMy consented to „ him^tbbearwhktefBriiefekd tosay. If he had lost his, that. Had she iiitist eyes. "Do fairiy? At that knew fl "Fiiriy yott!—to do yoil flL™ , """ wiivfelfflttit. tMatddgiy t II YB® SSTFC T»§ TOTALED. J j^ktl ztMaged to get feck here." "ismta at mam . . a . two fey* && now— "And IP'' ':You?" , . Yes, it» jbb jwaasaij arms iwldiijwafettjp .hearer,to iler. moonlight fell on Ids face. M Ihe met hife compelTiTig glance Josephine St. Sa4iveiir shivered. "Yes, I! You love me. Deny it if you can. What are you marrying this muff for?" He had caught the involuntary quivering of her nerves and gauged his whole influence ; but now he saw her react—gather her strength together passionately. "How dare yon come here and say these things to me ? You! a man who can lie to a woman and deceive and play such a comedy as Satan might blush at " I kept from yon the fact that I had a wife when I told yoa that I loved you last year. That is true. But, as I have since said, I expected at any moment to secure a separation—a divorce. ™Well?" That tremor had seized her again. " Well, the divorce is now mine—has been for aiabpth." " What is that tome?" The words -were mufflfed, and the voice that spoke them trembled. He drew yet a 6tep nearer to her, and she cowered a little. Indifferent, invulnerable, superb, she had found her master, as such women always do. She knew it and he knew it. " Simply this. We can be married now. You have come into money recently, too. That makes it easier. Before you had nothing and I had nothing. It would have been hunger espousing thirst, even had there been no other obstacle." She laughed cynically, that trembling through all her limbs increasing every moment. " How magnificently, how nonchalantly you say that. You are the sort of man who does not mind living on his wife." He made a gesture which seemed to waite that field of discussion also. The taunt left biin tinmoved. " Your ttatoying this fellow in two days is absurd," be s&d.; Half of her face was now in light, half in shadow. His commanding eyes plunged into hers. She made a desperate movement to woid him Off, to protect-herself from her oWii. *feakn.ess. But he had wound his arms about her, and all struggle was quenched in a wild kiss. After that she listened to what he had to say in motionless quiescence. His plan was bol4,/Swift, sure as himself. Her wedding was iixed for the following night but one. In the confusion 6he was to sEp from the house, to meet him in the thickets a quarter of a mile down the river. He would convey her in safety to the nearest coast town, and 011 the next day a vessel sailed which would take them to Havana. Thence they could go to England. The moon had passed her zenith and was westering slowly when Miss St. Sauveur approached once more tlie long open windows of the house. A tall, slight figure encountered her. "You!"she looked at Claverhouse. "I thought you were gone an hour or more ago." " I found that I had forgotten something and returned." He stood twirling his hat carelessly in his hand. " What was it ? I hope you found it," " J did not gome back in vaiu—no," Her hands and lips had grown cold. She leaned toward him tentatively. She had never been lavish with her caresses. Claverhouse's kiss grazed her cheek. The chill passed from her. "Absurd! How could he have seen or heard ? " she said to herself. " Absurd I" * « * * " Disher's de bride I" " No, I guess hit's one of them that waits on her." The dusky faces pressed close together on the outermost fringe of the lawn were accented by wide open eyes and gaping mouths. For miles up and down the river it had become known that a large wedding was to take place at Orange drove Springs that night. The chocolate- ebloWetl circles of humanity waited patiently, bht eV6n to its outer limit there prtseitlj cbmtpteucated itself a coiiscionsnras, boni of undefined suggestions in the aiiy that stfmetfttfig was amiss. The music played perfunctorily, paused, and began anew. The white-robed bridesmaids flitted to and fro. There was a stir, a growing murmur, in the housecaught up by the house servants and finally percolating to that waiting crowd outside. The bride was gone t The bride was gone and the groom had not come. Miss St. Sauveur had gone to her room early in the evening with orders that she was not to be disturbed. And Josephine St. Sauveur was not a girl whom, even on such an occasion, people disobeyed. When the hour for the wedding arrived, however, and with it the few guests bidden, her door was knocked at and, no response forthcoming, finally broken open. The room was empty, and on the bed lay the white dress, the white veil. In the dismayed confusion that ensued no one at first observed that Claverhouse, too, should have come by this. But as the wild search for the bride continued without result it burst upon those assembled below that they were congregated together to witness an occurrence strange indeed—a marriage at which neither groom nor bride had appeared. Suddenly a quivering cry rang over the lawn. A small negro boy stood, with goggling eyes, the centre 01 a circle that pressed ever more tightly around hiin, and strange words were those he poured out stammeringly. One or two of the white people cried at first that he had seen a ghost. But the boy, his teeth chattering, insisted thathe had not been mistaken, and, following his stumbling steps, they came to a thicket down the rive* where, in the checkered moonlight, there gleatnfed someghostly—the pallor of a motionless ,turned upward, and near it a shadowy toim, the dead body of Josephine St. Sanyeur. iferfc had been a double murder; by whom who could say? .The other vienft iSinghised by one of the guestS ks.in l&mratnh; of great fascination saA fast tltSj IM teeti. knocking about Mrida for On a vtesdl sailing for Englatid the next day therfe embarked a tall, fair, tft^turn, delicate-looking man, rather boft&ti; bf address atid gentle of voice. He wrotS fcis name J. Smith and appeared to be travelling W Tfai nftftufcsT befOJe the 6hip weighed attfehoir litffi kAo't of izien rowed swiftly tbh&Sfc.; ft®^hahfeofish-lookingyoo% miia tit Uifcm mtt to the ship's deck.. TfleHs &h; ifiSjiSt^&toversation; isttn Wfi&Jfra; ted facet _ ihfc-r- iiatnfctess fiian? whom fon feet., I hopeS tt da|h ovtirbofinli ffcfr le&r;" fish^vrotMfcSlwtts* & t aih tiattflK^.* The man had & handta 1 bis shoulder.. "thfe*i_fs ho ini^l be, i fiUfisi T8ii i ljh6 deed?" Into GlaVerfcoifik'B iniM eyfes <£i£& saM h HMhatbig bltie light "1&* . The than ditjppedhiih|fid. TheTfe-WhSi sudden plang^ oh OfcUi irem the Offie&, a rtish'of mahy feet oi&b; tite deck. tootste. n& tetofakm. fM decfchtfdti he of .thfe iMji^if^tf 