TURF GOSSIP, Br AUQOR. Should (he weather be fine there ougnt to be a large gathering at Moonee Valley ttaia afternoon, for Mr. Cor has provided one of the best bills of fare ever preseated at his popular racecourse. Without going into the why and wherefore, I shall give the following as 1113' idea of the probable results MAIDEN HORDLE RACB. VENUS 1 FANTASIA 2 SOLDIER BOY 3 MAIDEN STEEPLECHASE. SALFORD 1 MELVILLE 2 LAPWING 3 NGARVRNO HANDICAP. SAVANAK 1 LITTLE BOB 2 MERCY MERRICK 3 HURDLE RACE. SOUTER JOHNNY or WYVIS... 1 DARRAIN 2 WILLIE ... 3 STKBPLECHA8E. REBECCA or GEELONG 1 MESSENGER 2 CURIOSITY or IVO 3 SELLING RACE. MISS MERLIN 1 SUMMER 2 FLUSH ... 3 ! The sport , at Williamstown on Saturday last was not of k very interesting character, tor nearly every race was won easily. It -was thought that there would have been some difficulty with the bookmakers, as some of them had threatened all sorts of things if the club carried oat the regulations which had been gazetted, and I iinr that several who were ejected Bhc»jrea,'iight. Backers hadn't much trouble in . selecting the winner of the Hurdle Race, for they had seen him carry his colours to victory against much stronger opponents, and as he was very leniently treated in the handicap, it looked the good thing it proved. Nor did they make any mistake in the Trial Stakes, tor which they supported Little Bob, and he won all the way; bat they were not so for tanate in the A,utoma Handicap. It was Betsy's day out, she was in the humour to race, and as the boy rode her without spars, she never gave ber opponents the ghost of a chance. The backers of Casuist, who had backed Betsy when she was so ignomi niously defeated at Flemington, looked an ntterable things, and they wished Betsy were at the bottom ot Hobson's Bay. The sister to Archie won the Bay View Handicap juBt as easily, and some inquisitive people wanted to know why she was beaten at Flemington and Wyndham. It certainly was as great a reversal of form as was Jean's, but everybody with the most superficial know ledge of racing knew that there was a vast difference in the two cases. At Flemington, when Mr. J. 0. Inglis rode Betsy lor the Ladies' Bracelet, it was patent to all that Bhe would not try. Upon that occasion those connected with bet backed her for large sums, but when she won at Williamstown the Bportsman, who has the racing of the filly, had only £3 on her in the first race, and nothing at all in the second. Need I say that be looked the most miserable winner of a double event ever seen upon a racecourse. Betsy is the property of the Gippsland breeder, Mr. Mackintosh, who will be pleased to find that the mare is worth considerably more than be gave for her. - The Tasmanian mare Rebecca, who won the Steeplechase so easily, is by Horatio from Jewess, by Panic. The dam of this mare must not be confounded with the late Mr. F. Henty'a mare of the same name; she will be remembered as a good hunter, I think in the Ballarat district, and at one time belonged to Mr. A R. Inglis. A. Davis, who now has Little Bob in bis stable, also trained Betsy, so won three of the six events. Now that his luck has changed I hope it wilt continue, for be has not often tasted of the sweets of victory of late. A few only of the animals disposed of at the dispersal of the Hobartville stud will find their way to Victoria, but one of the number is the stallion Trenton, for whom Mr. W. R. Wilson paid 3,000 guineas. No doubt it is a high price to pay tor an untried sire, but Trenton was so good a racehorse, and comes from such stout families, that Mr. Wilson was justified in not sticking at a price. Moreover, Trenton is one of the masculine type of horses which generally make great sires, gifted with a marvellous constitution, and withal a great racehorse. He is therefore likely to prove a most valaable acquisition to the St. Albans stud, whose repntation will Barely not suffer in the bands of its present proprietor. For my part I am delighted to find that the son of Musket has been purchased for this colony, I have seen him run Bome desperate races, and have always looked upon him as one of the Ledt {racehorses that ever tratf an Australian racecourse. He possesses ail the qualities essential to success as a stud horse, and with such mares aB he will have at St Albans it will be strange indeed if he does not produce something equal to himself. It was thought that with Robinson Crusoe, NewminBter, First King, and rtiridspord at St. Albans, Mr. Wilson <?as pretty well supplied with BtudborseB, but the first-named three are pretty well advanced in years, and therefore Mr. Wilson was wise in procuring such a horse as Trenton. Robinson Crusoe is 17 years old, First King is 16, and New minBter 17. Trenton is only nine. The great New Zealander has a pedigree fall of stout strains, for his Bire Musket waB the best horse of his duy in Ennland over a distance of ground, and when bis dam's pedigree is analysed it fairly bristles with strains which have prodnced stout horses in Australia. Take, for instance, Goldsbrough, the sire of Trenton's dam Frailty. He was one of the gamest and best of our racehorses. He won the A.J.C. St. Leger, Hawkesbury Grand Handicap, and with 9*t 21b. on hi9 back won the A.J.C. Metropolitan and other races, and witb 9st. 9ib. up ran into a place tor the Melbourne Gup. Frailty's dam, Flora M'lvor, was by New Warrior, the sire of Tarragon, Volunteer, Warrior, and many horses whose chief characteristic was staying. She was a daughter of Io, who was by Sir lfercuteB, the aire of Cossack, The Barb, Yattendon, and many other first-class animals, and we have Rous's Emigrant also figuring in the pedigree. A great racehorse with such a pedigree is well worth a trial in an> stud, and it is satisfactory to know that we have a Btudmaster in Victoria with spirit enough to give 3,000 guineas for him. Monmouth was not a dear bone at 500, for he istull brother to Chester,and the imported horse Cheviot should be dirt cheap at the 255 guineas Mr. R. Rouse gave for bim. Nor does Segenhoe read as a dear bargain at 600. Poor little Sardonyx realised only 55 guineas, but that was owing to bis injared leg. > Of the mares disposed of at the sale, I don t think Mr. Wilson purchased any, but Astarte, Vanity. Vaucluse. Venice, and Virgo were (secured for the Victorian who races under the name of Mr. J. B.'.Clark. Astarte is full sister to Richmond and BoBWorth, and should be wortu a plaoe in tiny stud ; Vaucluse is by Rapid Bay from Chrysolite, a family which many stud-mas tera^are justly fond of; Venice is by Malta from Marie Stuart, who runa back to old Cinderella; Virgo is by The Drummer from the imported mare Britannia, and Vanity is a mare whose pedigree will speak for itself, for she is by Orest from Bex gar Maid, by Beadsman from Lady Went worth, by St. Albans from Lady Ann, by Touchstone. The Hon. James White had not forgotten that White and Blue had done him good Bervice by producing Tempe, who won several good races for him, and then pro duced in her firBt season at the stud that equine wonder Titan, one of the best two year-olds we have ever seen, and he purchased her and her daughter Blue and White for 1,070 and 710 guineas respectively. Good judg ment this, for both will suit Chester, whose anion with the pair may result in the produc tion of another Titan. Mr. Aldridge, of Adelaide, made some judicious purchases, but he gave quite enough for Atholine, who was given in some of the catalogues as having been fouled in 1878. On reference to,the Stud Book I find that she was toaled in 1869, and consequently is 21 years old. Brown Alice, by Maribyrnong from Fair Alice, should be well worth the money paid for her, and Tuberose, by Grand Flaneur from Rosedale, comes from a family of great ex cellence, and 1 like much Woodbine, by Maribyrnong from Belle of Cobham. Mr. John JS&lea; made some valuable additions to his stud, and Grandmaster and Henchman will have a rare chance next season. I sun pose Richard Mason was acting for Mr. G. G. Stead, when he purchased Auray and Sapphire, two capital selections, for the former in by Rapid Bay from Auteola, sister to Robinson Crusoe, and Sapphire is by The Druibmet from Amethyst Mr. Frank Rey nolds had only one knocked down to him, but that one was an aristocratic lady, who will add lustre to the Tocal paddocks, it being Sophietina,by Brown Bread from Lady Sophia, by Stockwell from Frolic by Touchstone. Mr. H. A. Ttiomp3oo, an excellent judge of pedigree, made several very judicious selec tions, and Mr. J. Leeds got a number of cheap lots. It is gratifying to know that the Adelaide Racing Club meeting was a genuine success. Harbinger, who won the Birthday Cup, was bred in Tasmania by Mr. Sydney Page, and is by Commotion's brother Albert, Irom Bashliul, by Horatio from Birthday, by Panic; he has therefore two strains of the last-named in his pedigree. Harbinger was once in J. Crippa's stable, and the Flemington trainer got a very fair price for him. Ernani's running in the Cup was regarded by the South Australians as an other instance of "reversal of form," as he had performed very indifferently on the first day of the meeting. It is quite the fashion nowadays, and it did not create any astonishment. E. Power had the mount on the winner, and I must compliment this well-conducted Victorian jockey upon tbe success which has attended his efforts this season. No jockey better deserves to succeed, for during his career upon the turf he has borne an irreproachable character. He is not one of the jockeys who hang about the betting-shops, which through the supine ness of tbe police are springing up all over the city, but ever since he commenced the business of a jockey he has kept himself in form by hard work, and is seldom sees in town at night. Mr. W. R. Wilson was successful four times at the meeting, and I was very glad to Bee that his eoltThe Author bad won. I thought a lot of this youngster when he was a yearling, but he ran so in differently here that I began to think I had made a mistake with him. However, he won so easily that there cau be no doubt he is possessed of pace. My Lord demonstrated that he had lost none of that brilliant speed which he bad shown npon previous occasions. Mr. Wilson was not present to see his horses win, he having made up his mind to have Trenton, and for that purpose went to Sydney. It is a remarkable circum stance that although Mr. Wilson haa won 17 or 18 races in two seasons he has not seen one of his horses carry his colours first past the post. Britannia did not run up to her beat form, nor did Ben Bolt, and though | St George won a race for Mr. Saqui, be must have proved a rather dear purchase for Mr. Tom Wigley. Ringmaster failed to get a place in the Manchester Cap, from which I should infer that the little Bon of First Ring is beginning to lose form. He had only7st 131b., but we are in tbe dark respecting the weights the others had. L'Abbesse de Jouarre was one of the best three-year-old fillies in England last season, and won the Oaks. If she had any thing like 8st 6he was sure to hold Ring master safe. Her owner. Lord Randolph Churchill, is one of the prominent politicians of England, and he, Lord Hartington, Lord Rosebery, tmd other leading statesmen of the old country, do not consider it infra dig. to race horses. Nor did such giants as Lords Derby and Palmerston, two of the greatest of England's Ministers. In Aus tralia few of our statesmen have Bhown a desire to enter into the pursuits of the turf. William B. Dal ley, most brilliant of all, owned two or tbree horses in his time, and when in health was often to be seen in the weighing enclosure at Randwick, but though many of our statesmen are fond of the sport, they unfortunately are not possessed of the means of a Roaebery or a Churchill, and that is why we see so few of them owning horseB. Yet many oi our politicians who cannot be regarded as statesmen have horses in training, or breed them, and amongst them are Sir William Clarke and Messrs. James White. George Lee, John Eales, D. S. Wallace, W. Pearson, George Davis, L. L. Smith. Thomas Reibey. and E. Mitchelson, Lord Randolph Churchill's victory would be a very popular one, for he and his charming American wife are beloved in England, and he is a straight and honourable sportsman. Everybody, I am sure, will feel glad that he beat that duffer Abington, who was Becond with Father Confessor, and the Prince of Wales's partner in racing, Baron de Hirsch, was third with the unlucky Vasistas. It is said that Mr. Savill was very confident about Ringmaster, and a fair amount of money was cabled to England from Victoria to back the pony, but he did not Btart at short odds, and could hardly have been fancied in England except by the few connected with bim. The Hon. James White's three two year olds which were sent to England in the Damascus have arrived, and have gone into Matthew Dawson's stable. They consist of two colt* fend a filly. Wentworth, by Chester from Trafalgar, ifl full brother to I Dreadnought, a much finer-looking youngster I than Mr. W. T. Joneb's chestnut, but if he be as ' good he will win some of the big races of England. Before he left he met with an iicciilent, which was not, however, considered Berious. Nepean, by Chester from Iolantbe, is another very fine Bpecimen of the thorough bred The filly Mone Meg is by Martini Henry from Mutacoa, and is therefore full sister to Singapore. The trio may not please English critics because they are big and bony, but I hope to bear of their Buccess in some of the races in which stamina is essential to success They are all engaged in tbe Middle Park Plate, for which some pf them should be started, not that they wonld have achanoe of winning, bat the racing of two-year-olda at the back end of the seaBbn nearly always has a beneGcial effect upon youngsters en gaged in the Derby and other three-rear-old events of the following season. Sad Mr. White been in robust health he would now have been in England, and Tom Payten would probably have gone there to prepare these youngsters for next season's campaign. We should then have seen whether the Aus tralian system of training was suitable or not to the English climate. I think it would be for the reason thnt it is very similar to that which Willi.im Day favours, and which he adopted with so much success. The American system is much after onr own, and when Pincus had Iroquois at Newmarket, many of the English trainers regarded him as the next thing to a lunatic. Between the Two Thousand Guineas, in which he was beaten, and the Derby, Pincus found one morning, After giving Iroquois a good gallop, that he was fat inside, and afterwards brought him outaud gave him a Bweai This fairly settled Pincus in the estimation of his critics, but it had the desired effect, for Iroquois came out and won the Derby easily, and also the St. Leger at Doncaster. He was trained to stay the distance ; and eo it was with the American colt Foxhall, who commenced tha season big and above himself, and the four year-old bend Or gave him two stone and s, half in the spring, and beat him, but aftei that William DAy drove him along, and he won the Grand Prix de Paris, and set the seal upon his fame by winning the Cesarewitch and Cambridgeshire, in the latter of which he carried'9at, giving a colt like Tristan alol of weight, and on that d«v he, a-three-year old, could have beaten Bend Or at even weights. Tradition has not been a profitable specula tion for the little syndicate that purchased him. On the day that Mr. Donald Wallace gave 3,000 guineas for Carbine, Tradition was knocked down to Mr. P. Heywood for 3,058 guineas. Since then he has not won a race, and has seldom, in fact, appeared in public. His owners complain that the handicappera have never treated the horse well, and they have had to suffer for paying a big price fat the horse. Now they are desirous of dis solving the partnership, as one of the partners is about to leave for Europe, and on Monday next, at Tattersall's Bazaar, at 3 o'clock, ha will be submitted to auction. Tradition is a very fine horse, with any amount of size and substance, and is a good performer, fcr he ran second tor the Caulfield Cup and Mel bourne Cup, but though Mentor gave him 19ib. and beat him in the latter, be has in variably been handicapped upon much worse terms ever since he ran second. He is, I am told, quite sound, and if so there should be a good race or two got out of him ere he leaves the post tor the paddock. He is a rare-bred one, being by Richmond from Bridal Wreath, by Kin* John from Bouquet, by Bay Middleton from Violet, by Melbourne. So commanding a horse, with his size, substance, and breeding, should be a sire eminently suited for getting horses of every useful description. Amongst this week's advertisements wilt be found the conditions of stakes to be run at future South Australian Jockey Club meet ings. First on the list is the Morphetville Stakes of 200 sovs., 100 of which has been generously contributed by Sir Thomas Elder. This is tor two year olds, and will be run at the spring meeting in September, distance half a mile. Next comes the South Aus tralian Stakes of 150 sovs., with a sweep of 5 SOVB., half forfeit, or only one if declared before 4 p.m. on the day of general entry, for two year olds, distance seven furlongs. This will be run at the autumn meeting of 189L The South Australian Derby of 150 sovs., with a sweep of 10 sovs. each, half forfeit, or one only if declared by 4 p.m. on the day of general entry, is for three year olds, and will be decided at the spring meet ing of 189L Similar conditions are attached to the St. Leger of 1892, and owners of yearlings will remember that they are all eligible for these stakes, and that entries will close with the secretary, Mr. A. 0. Whiting ton, Adelaide, or at the V.R.C. office, Mel bourne, at 4 p.m. on Tuesday next, June 10, when 1 hope to see the names of Messrs. W. R. Wilson, John Crazier, and other owners represented. Next to the autumn meeting of the Victoria Racing Club, that which I like most, is the Grand National meeting. There is too great a crowd at the spring meeting for the true lover of racing to thoroughly enjoy it, but in the autumn the crowd is just big enough to allow one to move about in com fort, and see racing quite as interesting as that to be witnessed in the spring. At the winter meeting the sport is even more ex citing, and there are not so many people to jostle and crash you. Our leading club has recognised its importance by extending it ta two days, and increasing the stakes. To the Grand National Hurdle Race, the club adds 1,500 sovs. to a sweep of 20 sovs., 5 forfeit. The distance is about three miles, and every hurdle-racer of repute in Australia ought to be nominated. The same amount is added to the Grand National Steeplechase, and the conditions are similar to those which govern the Grand National Hurdle Race. Those who own hurdle-racers and steeplechasers are reminded that entries, accompanied by live sovereigns, will be received at the V.R.C. or A.J.C. office, up to 4 p.m. on Monday next, June 9. A fortnight before the entries for the Mel bourne CUP closed I wrote " In sporting circles various guesses have been made respect ing the number of horses that will be nomi nated for the Melbourne Cup. Some people say 175, but the V.R.C. will be fortunate if it receives an entry of 150, which, I think, will be nearer the mark." It was a lucky guess, for exactly that number was an nounced by Mr. Miles on Monday, but subsequently it was discovered that there was one less, Mr. Bond is to be com plimented upon the result of the call for entries for the Caulfield Cup, but one misses the name of last year's winner, Boz, whose injury must have proved much more serious than J. Cripps at first imagined it would be. Nor is Carbine in the list, Bnd I think Mr. Wallace is wise in reserving the great gun for such a valuable stake as the Melbourne Cup. New South Wales, South Australia, Tas mania, and Queensland are all represented, and the total is 141, or only nine less than for the Melbourne Cup, not a bad result consider ing that the V.A.T.C. stake is nearly all contributed by owners, while the V.R.C. subscribes 10,000 sovereigns to its great event. I believe the total should be 140, as Forest King's nomination arrived too late, and his name was added by mistake. Time was, when the n&me; of William Filgate was as familiar as that of Charles or Hurtle Fisher in the mouths of Victorian sportsmen. Over 20 years ago Mr. Filgate was in charge at Maribymong, and bis stalwart form was alwaya to be Been at Flemington when racing was in progress, and no more straightforward sportsman ever trod the turf. Like many other straight-goers, be has been deserted by the fickle goddess Fortune, and times are not so bright with him as they used to be. He is now between] 70 and 80 years of age, and it is proposed to bold a complimentary race meeting upon the Adelaide racecourse,and present the veteran with a testimonial. The leading members of the South Australian Racing Club have promised to vie with the Adelaide Racing Club and TattersaH's Club in an endeavour to make the meeting a success. Mr. S. R. Wilson, brother to Mr. W. R. Wilson, and chairman of Tattereall's, has taken the matter in hand,and I am sure he will do everything in his power to make the testimonial a substantial one. Mr. Norman Wilson has promised his hearty co-operation, and I hope other Victorians will join him in the good work. Swing's backere for the Sydney Turf Club Birthday. Handicap had_ a very bad time. The Victorian filly was said.to be a certainty. She, it was stated, was all right after her trip by rail, and was to be ridden by that accomplished artist Chris Moore, therefore the prize was as good as in the pockets of the filly's owner; but now we hear that she got off badly, was interfered with by the Sydney horses, and never came anigh, to the iutense disgust of her deluded supporters. Nor did Tartar ever show a bold front, but take my word lor it both animals will ere long improve greatly upon the very poor form displayed at Rand wick. Eclipse, the winner, was bred at Tocal by Mr. Frank Reynolds, and he is by The Drummer from Merry-go round, by Hamlet from Whirlpool. His only other victory that I know of was accomplished in the Georges River Handicap, run at the Warwick Farm Meeting. It is quite evident that the committee ot Sydney Tatteraall'a does not intend to Bpoil the new club-house for a ha'porth or paint, for at a meeting on Monday night it was de cided to borrow £14,000 to cover the cost of building and furnishing the new premises. It ie intended to make Tattersall'e Club one of the most comfortable and attractive in Australia, and the committee will not, I think, have any cause to regret their determi nation, for the existence of such an institu tion in Sydney is sure to have the effect of more than doubling the member-roll. Mr. W. S. Cox informs me that the rule ot the Victoria Trotting Club to which he took exception was not Rule 145, but Rule 40, which runs thus:-"Every objection shall be determined by the judges, and their determination shall be subject to appeal to the committee of the Victorian Trotting Club Limited, and their decision shall not be questioned in any court of law." During the past few weeks I have had conversations with Beveral of the leading men connected with trotting, and as there now seems to be aome hepe of the sport taking its proper place, they are of opinion that a trotting association npon American principles should be formed. If the suggestion were adopted, the sport would doubtless go ahead, and we Bhonld have contests worth going to witness. The sale of the Belle Meade stud took place at Newark, America, in April. The only sensational prices paid were for some of the stallions. Iroquois, who won the Eng lish Derby and St. Leger in 1881, and then returned to America, realised the highest figures, General Jackson paying 34,000 dollars, or fG.800, for him. Luke Blackburn, c. famous sire in America, was also bought by General Jackson for 20,000 dollars, or £4.000. The highest figure paid for a brood mare was 2,800 dollars for Gienview. While out Caullield way last week, I dropped in to have a look at Mr. Joseph Harper's old mare Mary Gladstone, who visited Oudeis in 18SS, and Off Colour in 1SS9. I found the old dame enjoying herself in a very nice little paddock, and at her side a splendid chestnut filly by the New Zealander Oudeis, who promises to be a successful sire, for the only one of his that I have seen run yet is Midas, a colt who has shown us that he can gallop msch faster than a majority of the two-year-olds of the season just passing away. Mary Gladstane, who was christened after the famous American actress, was bred by the late Mr. E. K. Cox, at Fernhill Stud, New South Wales, in 1872, and consequently she is now IS years old. She is by grand old Yattendon from Ellen Tree, by Jersey from Mirror, from the latter of whom have descended many horses of sterling merit. The old mare wears wonderfully well, and I donbt if she has ever had at her side as fine a foal as the daughter of Oudeis. Last season Off Colour was chosen as her mate, and this beau tifully-bred son of King Cole should suit her to a nicety. On the day of my visit she had tor a companion her daughter Isabel, who was followed by a nice filly foal by Oudeis. After paying my respects to the old mare I con cluded a very pleasant balf hour by inspect ing a fine upstanding yearling colt by Oudeis from Horticulture, by Angler from Zephyr, by Boiardo. This colt is possessed of great power, especially over the back and loins, and Oudeis has transmitted his own muscular quarters and thighs. Revetting to Maty Glad Btane again, I find that during her 12 years stud career she has produced Queen Mary (dam of Little Bob), Queen Elizabeth, Frou Frou, and Isabel to King of the Ring,(a foal (dead} to First Eing, The Forsaken to Rapid Bay, Julian Gray to Julian Aveuel, a dead foal to St Albans, Mercy Merrick to First King, a chesnut colt to Malua, a dead foal to Oudeis, and a cheenut filly to Oudeis ; so that in 12 years she has produced 12 foals, and is now in foal to Off Colour. At the annual meeting of the members of the Western Australian Turf Club a very satisfactory report was read. It stated that " notwithstanding the depressed times that have lately prevailed throughout the colony, it will be observed.on reference.to the balance Bheet,tbattheyear s transactions have resulted in a profit of £266 0a. 4d., the debit balance of the club having been reduced from £1,63812s. lid., at which it stood on the 30th April, 1889, to £1,327 12a. 7d., upon the corresponding date this year. This is due in no small measure to the large sums passed through the totalisator at the various race meetings, the club having received no less a sum than £672 2s. as its share of the com mission charged to investors." New rules Bimilar to those of the V. R.C. were passed, and the club is to be congratulated upon the work done. " Pendragon," of the London Referee, in a kindly notice of the death of Mr. John Thompson, refers to the writer's visit to Australia, and comparing EngliBh with Aus tralian racing, he says" There is no park or other enclosed ground in England, even though we select the very best of them, which comes within a measurable distance of Aus tralia, ao far as the comfort and convenience of visitors are ooncerned. Togo racing in Australia is really to go out for pleasure; that is perhaps why the clasB who are most persistent in staying away from racing here are there most in evidence. In England no body thinks of going racing-except to one or two Cockney outings-unleBB he is a great Bwell or a regular professional, a thief or a busker. In Australia racing is the pastime of the entire well-to-do classes. In America it is the same as in Australia, with just this difference, that the Australians are thoroughly it home on the course, and know the ins ana DUts of everything that is happening, while the Americans are all abroad, and know no thing about anything And bo it might be Here-bo far as attendances go, I mean ; aa to oar general knowledge, or want of it, as compared with nativea of other countries I would rath«r not give aa opiijioB-ftnjl go it might be here, were it not for the short sightedness and incapacity of the powers that in England are allowed to misgovern and make a hash ot racing." A well-known owner of horses informs me that several in hiB possession have been attacked by a disease which be cannot quite understand. The first symptoms consist of a running from the eyes and nose, then partial paralysis of the hind quarters, and the horse falls down and is unable to rise. If not slang he dies. He wishes to know if any other owners have met with a similar experience In consequence of the floods, the vui cannia Jockey Club has decided to postpone the annual races until October. UmalopoRa&B;, wI19 won races at the Adelaide Racing Club meeting, must be a monster. He is said to stand 17 bands 3 inches. Four of Mr. W. R, Wilson's horses were sold in Adelaide on Monday. The Author fetched ouly 72 guineas, and Mr. A. Tennant, the squatter, bought Allegro at 155 guineas, Legend 305 guineas, and My Lord 250guineas, a very cheap trio indeed. I am very Borry to hear that the New Zea land Stud Company is to be wound up. It has done a great deal of good to the Bouthern colon v, and I hope a strong effort will be made to keep Nordeufeldt and the marea at Sylvia park. As is often the case on an important entry day there were some nominations arrived too late to be allowed. These were for the Melbourne Cup, the nominations of Elymas, arriving at the V. R.C. office at 5.39, and of Forest King at5.ia The latter was rather a hard case, for the owner registered three letters, containing respectively nominations for the Melbourne Cop, Caulfield Cup, and Moonee Valley Cup, and while the latter two were delivered in time, the more important one was not. This is strange, seeing that the offices are close together. James Kean, the well-known trainer, left Auckland ior Sydney on Tuesday, and was accompanied by Fabulous, Leopold, Dolosa, and Montrose. Alcinoua has left for Mel bourne in charge of Bruce. Mr. N. R. D. Bond is, 1 regret to say, too ill to frame the handicaps for the Bendigo Jockey Club Winter Meeting, and Mr. F. F. Dakin will perform the duties. It ie expected that the meeting will be a very successful one. At a sale of thoroughbreds held in Adelaide last week, several of Mr. Samuel. Gardiner's were disposed of. The highest price paid was for Ironband, by Tubal Cain from Bertha, a very fine half brother to the celebrated Lone Hand. Mr. W. Pile was the purchaser. Bent Steel fetched 32 guineas, Yellowstone 45 guineas, Correspondence 3G guineas, Lord Chesterfield 50 guineas, and Stony-hearted 23 guineas. It is a commendable trait in the characters of Ballaiat men that wherever they be they never forget the golden city. ThiB week I have much pleasure in recording another gift! from Mr. Martin Loughlin, who is at present in England. A cablegram in The Argus an nounces that he has purchased three landscape I paintings for presentation to the Ballarat Art Gallery. They are by Mr. Vicat Cole, R. A., Mr. Peter Graham, R.A., and Mr. B. W. Leader, A.R.A. When Sheet Anchor won the Mel bourne Cup Mr. Loughlin gave £1,000 to the charities, and £500 when Oakleigh won the Caulfield Cop. It would be well if other wealthy sportsmen were to follow his good example. The Electric Stakes, a plate of 2,000 BOVS., in which bath the Australian colte Kirkbam and Narellan are engaged, will be run on Fri day next at the Sandown-park First Summer Meeting. Buff's Guide says:-" The design of this race is a trial of speed for the best three year olds, and it will be run over the straight five furlong course, which is one of the best in the kingdom." Entries for the principal races oi the Bendigo Jockey Club Winter Meeting will close at the V.R.C. cilice, Melbourne, or with the secretary, Mr. J. Hemming, Sandhurst, on Wednesday next. The events to close are aB followsTime Handicap Trot of 50 sovs., two miles and a half; Handicap Hurdle Race of 115 sovs., about two miles; Handicap Steeplechase of ISOsova., about two miles and a half; Winter Handicap of 100 eova., one 1 mile ; and the Sandhurst District Hunt Club Handicap Steeplechase ior a trophy, two miles and a distance. On Monday next Mr. J. IL Ashe, the secretary of the Mentone Racing dub, will receive entries for the next meeting to be held on Tuesday, Jane 17. The programme is as followsSelling Hurdle Race of 50 sovs. (for 14 hand ponies); Portias Handicap of 50 sovs.; Handicap Hurdle Race of 70 BOVB.; Bay Handicap ot 35 sovs. (for 13.2 hand ponies); Trucanini Handicap of 35 sovs. (for 14 hand { ponies); Disposal Stakes of 100 BOVS., and the Mentone Handicap of 70 sovs. J Nominations for the Hurdle Raee, Mid-1 i winter Handicap, and Farewell Handicap, to | be run at the Albury Amateur Races, will close with the hon. secretary, Mr. C. Ten Brink, before 4 p.m. on Thursday next. Acceptances for the A. J. C. Winter Stakes are due on Thursday next. A meeting of six events will take place at Elsternwick-park on Saturday, Jane 21, entries for which will require attention on Monday next at 4 p.m, The various items are the Hurdle Race of 75sovs., June Handicap of 75 sovs., Selling Steeplechase of 100 sova., Time Handicap Trot of 75 eova., Selling Race of 100 BOVS., and Elsternwick-park Handicap of 75 BOVS. Nominations will be received at the office, 491 (late 100) Bourke-street. Baron Rothschild won the French Derby with Heaume, who is by Hermit from Bella. In Heaume, Hermit has left behind him a colt that should help to keep up the reputa tion of the sensational English Derby winner, From South Africa I learn that the great event of the Johannesburg meeting, the Autumn Handicap of 2,000 sovs., was won by Mr. B. P. G. Curtis's Debtor, by Sir Amyas Leigh from Helena, The totalisator paid £6 2a. That the owners of horses appreciate Mr. W. S. Cox's efforts is proved by the number of entries received for the Moonee Valley Cup. It must have made the worthy proprietor of Moonee Valley smile his blandestsmile when be saw that 93 bones had been nominated for his great spring event, and this is so satis factory that I shall not be surprised to see Mr. Cox next year increase the stake to 1,000 sovereigns. _ It will be seen that although the other colonies are represented in the list, the great bulk of the entries are from Victorian owners, for whom Mr. Cox has catered so well during the years be has been proprietor of the Moonee Valley racecourse. The Mordialloc Cup has filled with an entry of 30, which includes some very smart animals, such as Merriment, Hogmanay, Radoo, Prattler, Jerusalem, and MiBS Albans, i but I fancy the events for the two year olds I have not filled so well as Mr. liradshaw expected, and perhaps it would be advisable to withdraw them and devote the money to races likely to prove more attractive. Acceptances and general entries tor the St. Arnaud raceB are due on Monday next. General entries for the Broken Hill meeting will close on Tuesday next. Thfieaflckg for the Cranbourne meeting, which takes, {dace next Wednesday, »re satisfactory, and I may Bay the Bame of the entries for the Bairnsdale meeting) which takes place on the 1st of July. It cannot be said that the jumplne eventB of the A. J.C. Winter Meeting have mled welt for there are only 14 in the Hurdle Race and the same number in the Steeplechase. No Victorian appears amongst the entries for the former, ana the only one from this side in the other event islBashman. The^flat races, however, show a much better list, for in the June Stakes there are37 and in the Winter Stakes 43. The stakes won at the late Sydney Turf Clnb meeting amounted _ to £3,032, of which Mr. T. Stewart received £836; Mr. tE. E. A. Oatley, £578; Mr. W. Kelso, £252; LMr. E. Keys, £200; Messrs. Anthony Brothers, £190; Dr. Cortis, £171; Mr. H. G. White, £139 ; Mr. A. Watson, £130 ; Mr. D. Lawson, £12G ; Mr. R. Dwyer, £126 ; Mr. T. Lamond, £100; Mr. J. Moore, £50; and Messrs. W. H. Hillas, John Kerr, J. Swan, F. Martineer, and F. Fielder, £25 each. At a meeting of the stewards of the Geelong Racing Club on Monday it was decided that the winter meeting Bhould take place on Saturday, August 2, and the following pro gramme was adoptedHandicap Hurdle Race of 80 eovs., one mile and a half j Wiuter Handicap ot 100 sovs,, one mile and a quarter ; Handicap Steeplechase of 100 sovs., two miles and a quarter ; Selling Flat Race of 75 sovs., half a mile; First Two-year-old Stakes of SO sovs., three furlongs; Railway Handicap ot 75 sovs., three-quarters of a mile; Time Handicap Trot of 40 sovs., two miles and a half. ! The April number of the English Racing Caleivdar contains the following notice from the Jockey Club:-"The attention ot the stewards having been directed to the presence ot welshers, ticksjtanatchers, and other dis orderly ch&racterir- ttpon; Newmarket Heath during race meetings, notice is hereby given that all such pertons will be removed by the police, and that no assemblage for the pur pose of betting will be permitted upon any portion of the Jockey Club property, except in the enclosures, the officials in charge of which have strict orders to tarn ont any person found betting in any way contrary to law, or nsing or exhibiting any coiour, clog, stool, bag, hatband, umbrella, or other device for the purpose of betting, and any person so offending, or otherwise disregard ing any order, notice, or regulation, will be warned off the heath." It is reported that a bill to legalise the totalisator will shortly be introduced into the Legislative Council by Mr. George Davis. If so, I hope provision will be made for a certain amount of the profits to be devoted to the charitable institutions. In Paris, where the totalisator is OBed, no less than £40,000 was paid in one year to the charitable institutions by the totalisators, and in South Australia and New Zealand goodly sunn are now paid to the various hospitals. It is to | be hoped, too, it it ever it does become lawful, that the proprietary coureeB will not be allowed to abuse it Mr. Bond, the worthy secretary of the Victoria Amateur Turf Club, liaB been grunted a month's leave of absence, and intends to take a trip to Queensland. All who know the genial director of the V.A.T.C. will join me in wishing him a pleasant trip and a return to perfect health. It is reported that Mr. J. H, Aldridge has purchased Carlyon from the Hon. James White. Carlyon was a 6rat-raie'perforiner,and his breeding leaves nothing to be desired, for he is by Chester from Moonstone, by Blair Athol from Amethyst by Touchstone. With bim for a sire and the collection of mares recently purchased by Mr. Aldridge the South Australian should have a very select little stud. The Tontine Stakes of the Rosehill Racing Club did not attract the stipulated 50 entries, and I think the promoters will act wieely if they do not persevere with it Such a race does not commend itself to owners of horses. The hurdle-racer Lord Harry, whose name was lately changed to Wodonga, dropped dead while exercising on the Geelong common. The numbers of nominations for the A. J.C. events of the future are as follow:-De cember Stakes (1890), 55; Champagne Stakes (1891), 80; Derby (1891), 58; Oaks (1891), 23; St. Leger (1892), 51 To these must be added entries received elsewhere. An important sale of thoroughbreds will be held by Mr. T. S. Clibborn in Sydney on Monday next It is a pity Victorians did not receive more timely notice of the sale, for the lot to be disposed of contains several mares of very high lineage, and some of them might have been purchased for this colony, but it was no fault of Mr. Clibborn's. Amongst them is the imported m&re; Athole, by Cre morne from Florence M'Cartby, and she is the dam of Dunkeld; La Mode, by Albany from Mermaid (dam of Lurline) is also in cluded. Most of the mareB are in foal to Lochiel and Cadogan. The last-named horse will also be submitted, and so will the Mus ket horse Teksum, Nominations for the next meeting at Epsom must be made on Monday next, with the bon. sec., Mr. George Mayger. The card contains seven events, as followGrand Stand Plate of 40 sovs. (for 13.2-hand ponies). Reform Handicap of 40 sovs. (for 14-hand ponies), Handicap Hurdle Race of 80 sovs., Imperial Stakes of 40 sovs. (for galloways), Selling Handicap Race of 50 sovs. (for 14 hand ponies), Epsom Mile of 100 sovs., and Ivanhoe Plate of 50 eove. During the past decade no man in Australia has displayed more energy in connection with sport than Mr. Thomas Haydon, the re spected secretary of the Victorian Club. He now proposes to provide a long-felt want in this city in the shape of a racecourse agency, tor the purpose (says his circular) of conduct ing all business connected with suburban and country clubs, viz., the receiving of en tries, paying BtakeB, advertising, &c.; Attached to the office will be a commodious committee room for the use of stewards, in which to hold meetings, conduct inquiries, &c.; Such an agency would prove a great convenience to racing men, who would doubtless patronise it liberally. Australians will be glad to hear that Mr. Daniel Cooper has won the Woodcote Stakes with his English two-year-old filly Melody, for whom he paid 1,000 guineas as a yearling. The Woodcote Stakes is run at Epsom, and is one of the principal two-year-old races of the spring. The form of the filly must have been pretty good, for in the race she defeated Simonian. Sydney Tattersall's Meeting takes place to day, and there is every prospect of some flrst claBS sport. The friends of Mr. L Barnard, the well known bookmaker, will regret to hear that shortly after he and his wife reached England the latter died from pneumonia. 1 am glad to hear from India that Mr. Oscar Dignum won 10,000 rnpeeB in stakes with The Judge last season. This horse is by Goldsbrougn, and once was the property of the late Alec Robertsoa Sporting men will regret to hear that Mr, Thomas Qannt» . the timekeeper to the V.RC alid V.A.T.C., died on Thursday. Mr. Gaunt was an old and much-respected citizen of Melbourne. Little Jeannie, who won the Moreton Handicap at Brisbane last week, is a full sister to Little Jack. The English Derby is over, and the punters who thought it finding money to lay 2,000 to 1,000 on Surefoot are left lamenting. The winner, Sainfoin, is by Springfield (who wa« a great racehorse) from Sanda, by Wen lock from Sandal, by Stockwell. and was bred by Her Majesty the Queen, at whoBe yearling sale he was sold to Mr. Joseph Porter lor 650 guineas. Sainfoin's Bite, Spring field, was also ored by Her Majesty, and he m by St Albans (son of Stockvsrein from Tiridit, by Mareyas; and this Bhould induce Mr. Blackier to send InBtep to a descendant of Stockwell. His dam, Sanda, is bred very like Mr. W. Black ler's Instep, who is by Lord CJifden from Sandal, and, as Wenlock is by Lord Clifden. Instep is three-fourths sister to Sanda. Wenlock's dam is Mineral, by Rataplan from Manganese, by Birdoatcher from Moonbeam, and here we have a good deal of Guessworks breeding, for his dam is by Adventurer (son of Newminster) from Manganese, and his sire was by Stockwell, full brother to Rataplan. Mr. J. V. Smith, no doubt, lost a good horse when Guesswork died. Kirkham cut a rather sorry figure at the finish, for though he ran well for a mile, he then died away, and finished last but one. The cose of Kelly v. Gill was finished on Thursday, and the jury by a majority of three fourths gave a verdict for the plaintiff, damages £5, and the judge gave costs. It is said that there is a probability of the defend ant moving for a new trial, first on the ground of misdirection by the judge, and secondly, because the defendant'9 counsel were not allowed to cross-examine Mr. George Murdoch, who gave hiB evidence after the judge had summed up. On Thursday next, at Kirk's Bazaar, | Messrs. W. C. Yuille and Co. will dispose of four hunters for Mr. W. V. Field, of Tar mania. Trenton and Cartyon arrived from Sydney on Friday, and were taken to Kirk's Bazaar, where they were seen by a number of visitors. I saw both in their boxes, and Trenton afterwards when he was led out to be taken to tbe train, and I thought the New Zealander looked well worth every penny of the 3,000 guineas given for him by the St. Albans studmaster. He has let down since I saw him last, and is now one of the grandest stud horses in Australia. Carlyon is a horse of a different Btamp, not so big or command ing as Trenton, but he is four yean youneer, and has not put on a great deal of flesh. The four fillies purchased by Mr. Wilson from the Hon. James White were also at Kirk's Bazaar, but they were Been at a disadvantage after their sea trip, all of them being a bit rough. Trenton and the four fillieB were sent to St. Albans in charge of Hugh Monro, who went over to bring the horse from Syd ney. By the Waihora Mr. Poole is a passenger, and brings with him a steeplechaser named Waitangi, and five others. The A.J.C. committee has appointed a sub committee to deal with all matters relating to the licensing of trainers and jockeys. Ballarat has gone to Sydney to take part in the Grand National Hurdle Race at Tatter sail's Club meeting. J. Scobie arrived on Friday from Ballarat with Crown Jewel and Savanak. R. Howie also arrived with Vagrant The jumping horses Manuka and Dunlop arrived from Tasmania on Friday. fCRATcniKOS.-Mocmce Valley.-Ail Engagements Sir William. Kgarvcno Handicap- Tomboy. 