MODERN FOBTUNE-TELLING. (LONDOBT SPECl'ATOE) It is necessary, we suppose, as well as righ to punish fortune-teUing for money.. One has always an idea,- after reading the pro -ceedings before the magistrates, as if g-ood powder and shot were being, thrown away for nothing1, and as if the .progress of intelligence would of itself extinguish that . particular variety of misdemeanour. We -.do not .hang witches'any longer, nobody -can precisely say, why; ?'?' and- i&e; bumkins ' |who affirm, as f.linxr rHU An Tinw i\r\H tlipn. lTiftt*.; Mother So-and-So ' has *' overlooked' ' their children or; their pigs- receive no help from the Bench, beyond a sharp little - lecture, which they do' not understand, for their folly or their malice. Indeed, if they have stuck pins into Mother So-and-So on the. faith of her witchhood, or have hunted '. ber too malignantly, or have set fire *o her black cat, they are fined, as if their offence had not been dictated by one of the roost ancient of .all beliefs. Still, a fortune-teller who takes money is a swindler, usually a conscious swindler, aud fools must be pro tected against swindlers; while there is Some thing to be said for the idea that the legal condemnation of folly helps to make it 'a little more rare. The men who passed the Act intended it, we ? fancy, not - so much for the protection of servant-girls, .curious about the complexion of their future lovers, as for the punishment of -% kind ' of .blasphemy closely connected with the worship of the evil one; hut still, the Act hurts no innocent person, and it does tend to check a particu larly injurious kind of lying1. . ' There never was a time when fortune teUing' in. drawing-rooms -was so rife, .or apparently so much believed in. , Society rejects asteplogy altogether, .not, we fancy, for St. Augustine's unanswerable reasons, but because it so rarely sees or thinks of the stars ; and it has got beyond dreams, -which are supposed to be a result of indigestion, and to be curable by nitrate-of-silver pills, .nr it may be by nux vomica ; and the drinkers, ti tea at 'i o'clock are in secret a little afraid of spiritualism, as' likely to end some day in a possible appearance of ghosts ; so they devote themselves to rather more inane forms of -divjnation. Sometimes the inquirer's fortune isipjcetold from her handwriting,.- which is ci^pparatively sensible, as there is . in. hand -wnting a little evidence of- character, though not; much, the slightest inaptitude o£ the fingers or defect of eyesight, depriving' .the manuscript of all relation to the writer's mind, as does also, that writer's resolve to write a conventional r hand. The mpst reso lute person we know writes-' a .niggling scrawl, hardly legible, . and - indicative, if of anything,-- of. weak indecision ; while -women with watery minds - pour out those minds in manuscript which Lord Palmerston, who wrote a Circular Order com manding uncial English, would have pro nounced perfection: Sometimes, again, reve lation is sought from the lines on the forehead, not the bumps, mind — that is a separate folly — but the lines, for which: the seekers might, if they knew anything about it, plead very, ancient warrant. -Priests -who were wise or foolish, ages before the Sibyl endeavoured to sell her books, convinced themselves that every; man's destiny was recorded by -the foreseeing- powers upon his frontal bone-, and dreamed .that, if the -spectator only pon dered enough] he could discern, his visitor's fortune as clearly as his temper or . his . com parative intelligence. The drawing-room, however, knows nothing- of that, and .only guesses by a rule which, one observes, favours -the foreheads that ruck rather thaa the foreheads that are smooth. It is not a had -way, if both sexes are present, of making lov« without being1 too explicit; but it involves severe staring1, and severe staring is; rude. Modern society -would not be rude, even if it cpuld stare into heaven ; and divination by the forehead is therefore usually discarded in favour- of divination by the hand. The gipsies' are avenged for ages of ridicule and penalties, and palmistry is a rage; Every body who has time to waste knows some thing- of it, and there are regular adepta—r ladies some of them — who makeout of their proficiency regular, though, we fear, only tsniporary, incomes. They tell first the in quirer's character, about which they . often make shrewd hits, eke ing out the result of attentive observation, or hints gathered within the room by the use of cer tain common forms, invented, we imagine for the behoof of those advertisers who promise full revelations of character for a shillJTigV worth of stamps. Some . of these common forms are really very clever, their object being flattery in disguise, flattery not of the common sort, but addressed to the foibles concealed in the majority of mankind. No man. for instance, is told that ho is weak; but a great many are informed that they -have a strength, of purpose not suspected by their friends, or an inner hardness which may spring either from rectitude or selfishness. If o woman is ever assured that she is spiteful ; but she is often ' told that she usually acts under a sense of duty, and that she is even too affectionate — a useful advertisement when it is read, aloud. The character discussed, the fortune follows, and at this point the observer will often notice an odd peculiarity. The magician wishes only to make his or her prophecies definite, for it is only the definite which is impressive, and definiteness is quite safe, fo nobody, however sceptical, can deny that any fortune is possible in the distant future. The inquirer may become rich, though she is poor 4 her lover may be dark, though she preters blonde people ; and she may five to be ninety, though she looks so frail. If she does, and remembers the words used, the sibyl will shine in her memory as a prophetess, while if she does not she and her friends will have forgotten the unfulfilled prediction. But the passion for guessing by rule is a very potent one, and occasionally, we more than suspect, masters the seerj who then becomes hopelessly inconsistent, the things he or she wishes to predict getting mixed with the tl ings waich, according to the rule, ought to be pred cted. It is desired to prophesy wealth, but the lines of the palm mean poverty, or the lines of the wrist — an extension of the art at which we fancy the forgotten Hindoos or fire- worshipping1 Chaldeans, -who invented the whole business, would have smiled — and so the prediction comes but as poverty, to te followed by unespeeted good fortune. It is a silly game, but not without its mischiefs. There is a kind of sceptical credulity which is most characteristic of our day, when people will believe anything except revelation, and think a wizard a far more likely being to exist than any sort of angel ; and we fancy many a listener finds his or her judgment of character -warped by an authoritative dictum, uttered with a pretence of knowledged derived from something more to be trusted than ex perience. Predictions, too, stick in the mind, and work their own fulfilment, some times with effects -which are seriously in jurious. The practice, too, though it would be folly to make too much of it, has un doubtedly one effect which on many minds is ' far from beneficial. It develops that taste for the indulgence of weak wonder which of all intellectual foibles is the one that most enfeebles the character, prematurely debauching as it does the nobler instincts of reverence and fahh. The fibre of the mind is weakenei, and the ' open inquirer1' becomes liable to a mental disease which may be best described as imbecile credulity, credulity -which is not faith, and is as impervious to evidence as water covered with a film of oil is impervious to air. The spiritualists, when they are sincere, at all events seek something worth seeking, con crete evidence of a future state ; but the devotees of these methods of guessing have not even the excuse of an end. If they could see into the future, they would be in no way the gainers, for the very condition of its being the future is that they can neither hurry nor re tard nor in any way alter it. It has been said by keen observers that one startling sign of the approaching fall of a society is the rise in it of scepticism and superstition at once ; and though we are not pessimists about England, where endless symptoms ,appear which are only ekin-deep, it was certainly true before Rome fell and before the Revolu tion engulfed the adcrrera of Cagliostro. 