OCCASIONAL PAPERS. OiiD INNS OF ENGLAND. By WYBEBT REEVE. In thiB go-ahead, matter-of-fact age, when the romance of life and respect for the antique, whether human or stone, seems to be in a fair way of dying out, tew people trouble themselves to tiling over the part, in the life and history of the land, 6ome of the grand old inns of England have played. They are to be found in the cities, and scattered j along the great highways over wbich^ our forefathers travelled from London to \ ork, Bath, Exeter, Holyhead, Brighton, Ports mouth, and a hundred other places. Kings, queens, statesmen, warriors, poets, and the great men for generations, have entered the doors, to say nothing ot the thousands of ordinary human beings with vital interests of their own, in whose life these inns have played a part. Life, death, marriage, happiness, misery, hopes, and fears, uninteresting to the world at large, but all the world to the in dividuals interested. A lew generations ago your Dick Turpins and Jerry Abershaws made coaching a very serious matter, not to speak of the terrible winter snowdrifts which sometimes obstructed the w«y. But all episodes of the road were forgotten, or laughed over-even the dreadful-looking gibbet, and its ghastly burden in chain?, that stood out a terrible object in the I gloaming, and so frightened the lady ' passengers-when the jolly-faced landlord meets the coach, and welcomes into the inn parlour, with its blazing tire and smokine hot viands, the half-frozen traveller?. They had no puny kickshaws in those days, the mmufacture of which just tickled the appe tites, and puzzled the eaters to discover what they were masticating. Men and women then liked good honest jointa that there was no mistake about. Here is a bill ot fare which 1 copy from one made out 00 years ago at the Sugarloaf Inr, Dunstable:-"A boiled round of beef, a roast loin of pork, a roast aitchbone of beef, and a boiled hand of pork, with peas pudding and parsnips, a roast goose, and a boiled leg of mutton." A pretty fair choice for a traveller, perhaps only allowed 30 minutes to eat his meal in. The Earl of BeaconstieM gives hia ex periences in Tancnd:-"'The coach stops here halt-an-hour, gentlemen; dinner quite ready.' 'Tis a delightful sound, and what a dinner ! What a profusion of substantial delicacies. What mighty and irresistible rounds of beef. What vast and marble veined ribs. What gelatinous veal pie. What colossal hams. Then the bustle emulating the plenty ; the ringing of bells, the clash of knives and forks, the summon ing of ubiquitous waiters, and the all-pervad ing feeling of importance from the guests, who order what they please of the landlord, who can produce and execute everything they can desire. 'Tis a wondrous sight." The author of 7 ancred is only speaking of the King's Head, at Thatcham, on the Bath road. Fancy a landlord producing everything you can desire. Compare the idea with some of our own experiences at modern palace hotels, where we may desire a great deal we do not get How Dickens loved old inns. He de scribes the Bull and Victoria at Rochester, and the landlord, up to a few years ago, was delighted to show yoa the fidelity of the description. " A famous inn ! the hall a very grove of dead game, and fine dangling joints of mutton, and in one corner an illustrious larder, with glass doors developing cold fowls, and noble joints, and tarts wherein the raspberry jam coyly withdrew itself, as euch a precious creature should, behind a latticework of pastry." I think the idea of the jam and the latticework delightful. There is another charming writer who appreciates an inn, Washington Irving. He says in his Sbtch-Book " We drove into the great gateway of the inn. 1 Baw on one side the light of a rousing kitchen fire beaming through a window. I entered, and admired for the hundredth time that picture of convenience, neatness, and broad honest enjoyment, the kitchen of an English inn. It was of spacious dimensions, hung round with copper and tin vessels highly polished, and decorated here and there with Christmas greea Hams, tongues, and flitches of bacon were suspended from the ceiling. A well-scoured deal table extended along one side of the kitchen, with a cold round of beef, and other hearty viands npon it-over which two foaming tankards of ale seemed mounting guard. He explains this was intended for inferior I travellers. | Do not these descriptions rouse the interest of the reader in these old inns ? Certainly be or she may say, but it is "all animal eating and drinking-nothing but food." Well, what would come nearer and dearer to a traveller's heart, after a long coach journey. You leel the same sort of thing even in a railway train, and when you arrive at the station for refreshment, get hot flavoured water for soup, beef that has done J duty before and is warmed up; and 6tale bilious pastry-what do you say then ? Or j when arriving at the end of your journev, you drive to the grand hotel, and find "a huge handsomely-decorated exterior, most! elaborate interior, a large refreshment room i with a fire-place, and half-a- dozen sickly smouldering coals which they call a fire, waiters half asleep, and nothing served! between meal hours except a stale chop, or tough steak, or perhaps if von are fortunate, you are allowed a cold cut off a half-raw joint. What would you say to the menu of " the Sugar Loaf at Dunstable" then? I am bound to think there was much more companionship, life, jollity in the days when the Fly'ng Machines, the Regents, the Rockets the Heroes, Telegraph*, Wonders, Trtllyboc, and a hundred other coaches, were driven by such whips as John Scott, Tom Hennessy, Sam Hay wards, and Dick Vickers who could tool spanking teams of thorough' j breds ten miles an hour for years without a fault or accident Considering the roads they drove over, there are not many men living who conld do the same nowadays. In speaking of innB and hotels, it should be remembered that the word " inn" was away back in the centuries, meant to deBig nate a great nobleman's mansion, as Lin coln's Inn-precisely in the same way as "hotel" is now used in France-but in this more refined age inn became too common a term, and onr inns are now hotels. If only a roadside publichouse with half a dozen beds to let, it B an hotel. Some of theBe old inns have BreAt.lv changed. The Castle Inn, Marlborough, was once in the Tudor period one of the few bouses established in the country for travel ling royalty to stop at It was then a noble man's palace, and here lived the Duchess of Somerset, and afterwards it had the renuta tion of being the best inn in all England. It was on the road to Bath, and here might be seen the great Minister Walpole, Chesterfield Lady Mary Montegn, Garrick, Sheridan! It was here Lord Chatham, when laid up with the coat, insisted on every servant in the house, down to the Stable-boy, wearing his livery. Hardly a name, from royalty down-1 wards, of the fashionable world of England on their way to B;.tb that the Castle I"" bad not been made familiar with. Gentleman Jackson, the prize-lighter, and Lord Byron later 011 stayed there. Now this same inn is part of the college ; it was turned into a school '"The3" Old Tabard, South wark, Chaucer's Old Tabard, Shakspeare's Boars Head, bast cheap, and the Mermaid, are now names to be remembered only ; and so it 19, or will be, with such celebrated London inns trom whence the coaches started, aa the Bell and Crown, the Golden Cross, White Horse Cellar, Gloucester Coffee house, and others. I don't know how many are at present ab sorbed in London improvements-nearly all, 1 suppose. At any rate, at the doors no longer lounge the dandies ot George IV. s time, with cravats halt a yard high, long hair, curled hats, whose chief talk was the Ia6t new scandal ot high lite, the half a dozen bottles drank over-night, and the last prize fight . ^ I spoke of kings and queens stopping at inns on the highways and towns of England. So they did. Richard IIL waa staying at an inn when he signed Buckingham* death warrant, and it was in the courtyard of the Blue Boar (now the Saracen's Head), at Salts burv, his head was cut off. At the Crown Inn, Rochester, the much married Henry VIII., privately and unknown to her, inspected his wile, Anne of Cleves, before publicly receiving her, and gave his opinion of her to his friends ill strong language, of which " a Flanders mare gives only a mild notion, and for the choice 01 whom Henry was not long in avenging him self on Cromwell by tuking the first oppor tunity of cutting off his lipad on Tower-hill. The Bell, at Stilton, in 1536 stood as it does now, or as it did when I last saw it. Here Queen Elizabeth stopped on her way, and what Bplendid cavalcades of her time re treshed here too. To this house in a later day came the Ironsides ot Cromwell; people Hying from the plague in London; kings messengers from the war, and the battle _of Culloden ; then followed the Jacobite prisoners. It was a fine old inn, and a celebrated halting-place on the Great North Road. There it stand-, the ghost of its former self ; timeworn, neglected, and deserted - looking. I stoort and looked up at the windows in passing on a walking tour from Cambridge, and wondered, if I was to sleep in one of the old bedrooms, if the shadows of any or all the generations of sleepers who had slept there before me would visit once more " the glimpses of the moon," and pass in review. What a motley boa', what a wonderful variety of human greatness, human pride, human folly. On entering I could not venture to ask for a bed, the place looked so dirty, decayed, and uninviting. I asked for refreshment. Shade of the past, where be your noble joints now? Bread and cheese, nothing else; it was the best they bad, and bad was the best, which a slatternly, untidy country wench dabbed upon the table without a cloth. I could only make the best of it, and shut my eyes in the great, cold, cheerless room, and people it in imagination with some of the phantoms of its past glory. It was at the Anchor at Liphook, on the Portsmouth-road, where George the Third and Queen Charlotte took up their quarters, and there, too, stopped the Duke of Clarence, the Allied Sovereigns who came to England with Blucher and other great people ot 1815 and 1816. There also stayed the Duchess of Oldenburg, the Queen of Spain, and the Queen of Portugal, the Duchess of Kent, and our Queen Victoria when a girl. If ever an inn deserved the name of Royal, the Anchor at Liphook did. But to drop royalty and come down to I my humble self. My profession took me to | Bury St Edmunds, and I drove to what I had heard was the most comfortable hotel in j the town. My wife was with me. We were received by the landlady, an imposing lady in black silk, and were shown upstairs to a comfortable old-fashioned sitting-room and bedroom. At dinner the landlord, who looked like a highly respectable butler in a nobleman's family, which very likely he had 1 been, brought in the soup, followed by an 1 elderly baldheaded waiter with the plates the latter dressed to perfection, if somewhat antiquated, in black dress coat and trousers, canary-coloured vest, and high white neck cloth. Everything served was ot the best it was winter-and each day a splendid fire blazed on the hearth. When we left, highly | pleased, the landlady, in her black silk, j stood at the bottom of the stairs to wish us " good-bye," the landlord at the door, the) yellow-vested waiter at the cab (it ought to j have been a carriage with postboys to fill the picture). As we drove away I felt certain that somewhere, or somehow, I bad seen that inn before, and its surrounding*. "Where and when?" was the question. All at once it dawned upon me I bad seen it in the Pickwick Papers. It was the very inn. "The coach rattled through the well-paved 1 streets ot a handsome little town of thriving and cleanly appearance, and stopped before a large inn situated in a wide open street, nearly facing the old abbey. ' And this,' said Mr. Pickwick, 'is the Angel!'" Why it was only round the comer where ! Mi88 Tompkins kept school, and Mr. Pick-1 wick, in his zeal to prevent a scandal, had a leg over the wall, and landed in the goose berry bushes. It was at the door of this same Angel Mr. Weller stood to receive Mr. Winkle, Mr. Snodgrass, Mr. Wardle, and Mr. Trundle. It was in the very sitting-room we had been using Mr. Pickwick received the fatal letter I which told him of the coming lawsuit Bardell against Pickwick "Sir,-Having been instructed by Mrs. Martha Bardell to commence an action against you lor a breach of promise of mar* nage, for which the plaintiff lays her damageB at fifteen hundred pounds, we beg to inform you that a writ has been issaed against you in this suit iu the Court of Common Pleas, and request to know by return of post the name of your attorney in London who will accept, service thereof.-We are, sir, your obedient servants, " DODSON and Fogg." It was from thence they started on that celebrated shooting excursion, with Mr. Pick wick in a wheelbarrow, through en attack ot rheumatism, caught that evening of the de scent into the gooseberry bushes. There, too, he got hilarious, and was run into the pound by Captain Bold wig-barrow and all. . Hewthey were-and I had lived three days in the honse and only thought of them as I drove to the station. If I had only remem bered such old triends before, what joyouB companions we should have had in the old inn. What nonseuse," says the matter-of-fact reader, u is &U; visionary-such men never lived. YeB, unimaginative reader; they lived for me, and will live for centuries in the minds of thousands, for the hand of genius has made them immortal. 