MISS TWEED'S GHOST STORY. B5T SARAH DOUDNET. flT^F, WfiHTS KESEKVXDI She did not tell the story very often. In the flnrt place she was a. woman of few woWs, Who lorn better to Eaten than to talk ; and In the second place few people believed the tale when they heard it. That is, they did not believe the ghostly part of it ; and when Mlm Tweed saw on incredulous expression on the faces of her hearers she was apt to feel a little angry. Her anger did not tram fiercely, and it never lasted long; but she was one of the truest little oeruonK in the world, and to be doubted in the least was painful to her. So that it was no eaiy matter to overcome her reserve ; and I do not think I should ever have hoard her ghost story ft certain circum stances had not drawn ns closely together. We were sitting in the front parlour of an old hooK- among th^ lulls. Kot stern hills with rugged sides and mighty chasma, bnt quiet heights rising gently against the sky : — hills tfaat made you think of peace and rest. The windows looked out upon a garden, and beyond the gate there was a white road that went winding away until it was lost to sight in the folds of the green downs. It was an I had come to thie tranqnil hill-country to find refreshment and repose, and my days were spent in a dreamy calm. When I wanted a companion Kiss Tweed came to sit with me in the front parioar, which had been given up to my ose. Verysoon it would be ho- paronr, and her hands were bosQy making new coverings for sofa and chairs. Bat it could never be greatly altered, and no modern decorator would make it unlike this dim, old fashioned room, sweet with, flower-scents, and foil of golden lights and shadows. Tome it had always seemed a veritable Chamber of Peace. ?? Jfisa Tweed,' I said, suddenly breaking a panse, 'I want to bear your ghost story.' A slight troubled frown appeared for a moment on Miss Tweed's forehead; bat it-was a frown which did not show HI temper in the least. It merely betokened a Kttle perplexity Mid fnflffqE'?f ' Ma. CaUavay most have been tattling, I'm afraid,' she remarked. 'And yet it isn't her way.' ? 'She did not tattle,' I declared stoutly. *' She only said you had bad a very strange experience, and when I questioned her she admitted that yon had seen a ghost. n 'Edward's mother believes in my ghost because she believes in me,' Miss Tweed replied, after*, moment's thought. -'Bnt I don't think -you would. Yon see, you are wiBer and more cultivated than we are, and you would explain it away.' 'Yet wisdom and cultivation have never quite succeeded in explaining away ghosts/' sudL- : 'Anyhow,' she answered solemnly, 'I will tell you one thing. I never believed in a ghost- tin I -saw one with my own eyes. ' And then she told me her story. Amy Tweed was born in Uillshire, scarcely two miles «way from the old {arm-house in which Imetber first. It was a humble home, but cheery and sweet, as such country homes are wont to be when good' folks live in them. The father, Daniel Tweed, was a plain man, bnt. shrewd withal, 'and be tad managed to prat by a little money for fats son Dan and his daughter Amy, ** YonH be taking a husband one day, my dear,*1 he used to- say to the girl, 'and you won't go to him quite empty-handed. I hope hell be someone who belongs to this part of the world, Amy ; I don't like strangers, you know.' ? - ' I don't think I shall ever care for a etnoger, father,n«he replied, a warm colour tzngerag hcrcbeeks. 'I'm not fond of new faces myaebV And Daniel Tweed exchanged a meaning glance with his son Dan, for they both knew that Amy's heart was given to one who woe not a stranger, 'They had seen her eyes brighten when Noel Bennet came to spend his holidays with bis people at Orchard Farm ; and although the Beanets had always held their heads above the Tweeds, yet they had small cause to beproud. For it was throngh the inflnrnce of Wflliain Tweed, a shopkeeper in London, that Noel had got a clerk s place in an office in the City. To besure the salary was not high, and Noel was glad of any help that could be had from his mends. But he was a clever feQow, full of strong bopc and ambition, and everyone prophesied that he would make his way in the world. One evening Darnel Tweed stood leaning on his gate, and looking up at the broad golden slope of the great cornfield that lay between his cottage and Orchard Farm. The heat of the long July day was over, and delicate scents came floating towards him from the tall lilies in his garden — the lilies that Amy liari always tended with pride and care. His heart was full of Amy as he stood there in the sweet stillness of the evening, and as he looked np the slope he saw two figures coming down, side by side, along the narrow path ' Noel and Amy,' he said to himself . ** I wonder whether they've been settlinir any thing *' Yes, they had been Battling something. To the last Hay of her life Amy will never Pee the scarlet poppies growing among tlieaitilfcr corn without thinking of her early love A woman never forgets her first offer. Although the mftn who rr^f it might de puzzled if he were asked when and where he spoke the words, «fce remembers time and place. She knows just the spot in the path, where he paused and told her that he lored her ; and she would recognise that spot even if it were trailt upon, and covered over with bricks, and changed to all other eyea. Rut the place where Noel told his love is not changed, and the narrow way runs down the slope of the broad field to this very day. Amy Tweed was not thought pretty by the people amongst whom she lived, but ev«n in i - these early rural days she never had quite the usual aspect of a country girl Her com plexion was pale, and she was dark-haired and grey-eyeo, while most of the girls around her were fair and rosy. Noel Bennet, however, admired her graceful figure, and the way in which she wore her cotton gowns and simple bonnets, and as he led her tip to the gate there was a look of triumph in his hand some face, which told that he was proud of the woman be had iron. When they were close to him Daniel Tweed lifted his anus from the gate, and opened it to let them enter. Hi* daughter looked at him with a blush and a smile as she ran past him into the cottage, and he smiled back at her. Vet, happy as she was, a sudden shadow seemed to fall on Amy's heart at that moment. It struck her that her father was looking old and worn, and that the aspect of his kind old face was altered. The old man and the young one remained together in the garden, and Noel asked Daniel for his daughter in a plain, manly fashion. The answer was just what he had expected. Daniel was quite ready to give bis consent to the engagement, and thought all tfie better of Noel for not pleading for early marriage. ** You're both young, Noel,' he said, 'and itll be well for you to climb a little higher up the bill before you take a wife. My girl \rill have something of her own, and that'll help yon when the times comes. There's six hundred pounds — three' hundred apiece for her and Dan.' That wa* the last talk that Daniel ever had with bis intended son-in- law. He died six weeks later, and the brother and sister were left in the old cottage alone. 'I can't bear the place now,' wrote Amy to her lover- 'And Dan is going to marry lizzie Ward, and I fancy I coold not get on with her very welL He wishes me to live here as usual, but I will do as yon tell me, KbeL You want me to come to London, and get into a *^r**5ffi*niykiTig business. It is a good idea ; I have always been fond of making gowns, and I think I might do well if £ were properly taught*' So Amy went to London, and proved herself eo clever that she was received into Madame Vlctorine's fi*jah*nr-a^iTf*cstrfiMip^rfiffTi^ in the West End. Uncle William Tweed had kindly offered to invest her three hundred pounds, and she had such perfect confidence in his sagacity that she put the money in*^- bis hands. Noel, too, had faith in Uncle \Vij]ift.rnt fLTjil for some time things went on very welL Noel liked to have his sweetheart near bint ; be was proud of her improved appearance, and the readiness with which she adapted herself to town ways. He thought a great deal of her money, too, and was always taming the three hundred into tliree thousand in hi« mind. And Amy, although, she never ceased to mourn for her father, was happy in Noel's love, and contented with her new Ufa Two years went by, and Miss Tweed .was reckoned one of the best hands in the dress maker's establishment. Mnffp-rn?* Victoria e occupied a large house in H ? Street, Cavendish Square, and Amy h?^ no reasoxn to complain of her quarters, for Madame was considerate Tfpr young women worked hard, bnt they ate good food and slept in comfortable rooms ; and if Amy sometimes sent a longing thought to her old country home, she had no wish to give up her situation and return to HiDahirc. Noel was alwayB devoted ; now and then there were leisure hoars which they could spend together, and on the whole Fate was kind to them both. Jt was at Christinas that a crashing blow fell upon her. Uncle William had been unfortunate in bis invest ment, and her three hundred pounds had gone, with some of bis own money. The poor man was bitterly sorry for her loss, ana bis regret was so genuine that she would have forgiven him at once if it had not been for Noel. Bat Noel would not hear of forgiveness. He seemed to have forgotten the kindness he had received himself from Uncle William, and Amy was worn out with listening to the harsh things spoken of lier relations. It was the most miserable Christmas that she bad ever ' Don't say any more almut my wretched money, Noel,' she entreated at last. ** We are Inith earning something ; we have youth and strength and love. Surely we are not so very badly off, after alL' ' Youth and strength and love !' he repeated scornfully. 'They are fine things to begin life with, bat they are not warranted It was tho first time that slie nail caught a glimpse of the true nature of Noel Bennet, and after that revelation she seemed to have entered into a changed world. Her Noel, whom she had loved so well, had vanished, and this hard sneering man had taken his place. It scarcely surprised her when he proposed that they should break of their «n*ni)5«'i«eiit. Tii«t-s were hard, lie sai-l ; tliinps l»oL«l Ua..-k in th« City ; he fear.-. I that il woali] Ik; a long time Iwforc: he -nul-l provide for a wife. Was it not letter, there fore, ui say guod-ltyu ? Tiic dull days came an.l went, and Amy worked as usual ; hut wheu the working hours were over there was no joy for her. The other ffirls Iiad their nweeihcartji, some real, and some uialir liolicvp, Inn Miss Tweed was l«ft «lon«. Thf weather was bitterly cnld. ami the iicn^-wen; .wying «mt fnrhrea.1 : ami Amy'.s acl.iim heari look up the cry. Sh«. 1.™, ose|.i.»'«l iritli heart hinder; s\,t, un\ was poor, and it was turd to live in such a cruel world. So it came tn pass that bh«; spent all her leisure time among the; distressed and unemployed, listening to their grievances doing all that she could to relieve their sufferings, ami lilunding their sorrow h with The winter passed ; the spring came, iui.1 Matlame Vietorine's haniis were lmsy from brilliant season ; hut Amy toiled away at tlic bcantiful dnracs with many a bitter thought of those who would wear' them. They were all so rich and giddy and heartless — these fashionable ladies — she tatd to herself. Day after day their carriages came rolling op to Madame'e door, and Madame herself, all smiles and deference, decided the important questions of what they were to wear on this and that occasion. Miss Tweed grew sick of their patrician faces and trained voices. Surely they were dolls, and not creatures who could suffer and love as she bad done ! She would not believe that there was such a thing as a heart to be found among them all In May there came came a splendid wedding order, which set even Madame Victorine's calm bosom in a flutter. The only daughtct) of the Earl of Ironside was to be married to Lord Arthur Malvern, and nothing else was talked of in the workrooms. The fashionable world, too, bad a great deal to say about the match ; Lord Arthur, although he was ? a Date's son, was & poor man, and it was thought that he was more in love with Lady Clara's money than with Lady Clara herself. AH kinds of rumours were afloat ; some said that the bridegroom elect was desperately enamoured by a pretty actress, and detested the golden fetters that circumstances were forcing upon him ; others declared that there was not a grain of truth in this story, and averred that his lordship, having duly sown bis wild oats, desired to settle in the orthodox way, and had made a sensible choice -But while there were a hundred oponions almut Lord Arthur, there was only one about Lady Clara. Everyone believed that she was deeply and sincerely attached to him:— that is, everyone in her own circle. Miss Tweed, being quite outside this circle, had by no means made np her mind about die matter. It chanced one morning, when the wedding day was drawing near, that Amy Tweed and Lady Clara Berkeley were brought face to face. It fell to Amy's lot to carry some article into Madama's reception-room for her ladyship's approval; and the working-girl looked at the earl's daughter with a certain degree of curiosity. She was conscious that the lady, in her turn, looked at her ; a quiet cold scrutiny. Lady Clara, was till, fair, and golden-haired. Her features were delicately chiselled, but the fact, was too stall to be really beautiful. To Amy she seemed as chili as ice and as proud as Lucifer. 'They are all alike— all heartless — these aristocratic women, ° she thought. ** No wonder that they cannot feel for the misery of the poor ! And yet Lady Clara will get all that she wants, fffaile I, who am born with a warm heart, am doomed to desolation! I suppose she does care a little for Lord Arthur in that frozen way of hers. But what is it that the songs says ? 'Unless'youcanctie when the dream is past, Oh fear to call it loving I' WelL it's quite certain that she would not die if she lost her lover. That year the June weather was intensely bright and unusually warm. The wedding things were not as near completion as they ought to have been. Every nerve was strained ; the handd were busy early and late, and Madame was growing anxious and irritable. Miss Tweed, however, kept her head cool, and to her was entrusted the task of putting the fipinliimr touches to the bridal dress. A bitter task it was, truly ! As the girl set her carefnl stitches she thought of the wedding-gown that she had hoped to make for herself. Regrets, longings, passionate prayers, kept pace with the swift needle, and were mixed xm with bunches of orange-blossom and masses of lace. The robe that was to be worn in gladness was made in sorrow ; and it is the same with a good deal of the dress making that is done every day. It was on the twelfth of June, two days after Ascot, that a startling rumour began to be circulated in the workrooms. The girls were saying openly that the greater part of Lady Clara^s fortune was gone. *' The carl of Ironside had lost bis daughter's money on the racecourse ; it was tame — quite true !' Miss Tweed checked the chatterers rather sharply. 11 She did not believe a word of it,' she said ; ' and if they did not attend to their work the dresses would never be finished.' So they all tailed on, reminding each other that the wedding was fixed for the sixteenth, and there really was not a single minute to spare The night of the fourteenth came ; a night so warm and still that it might have belonged to July or August. The clocks in the neigh bourhood had struck twelve half an hour ago, and Mias Tweed, alone in the upper work room, was giving the last touches to Lady Clara's wedding-gown. The dress — bodice and skirt complete — was arranged on oue of tltc stands that dressmakers use, and lookml very luDcli like a dccapil^Jt^l ljride KtaiuHiiL; in the middle of the empty room. One jet of gas was burning under its large sliade, tie windows were all set open, and the sound of wheels came tip now and then from the street below. Mies Tweed had been stooping over the soft wliito silken folds till W head ached and her eyes were dim. And suddenly wh«j ittlliougK h.r of a I wit lie 'f hvt-mler wal«r which ^i-- kept in I:.t U-.ln-,m, .-tn-( w^nt ?j n idly ujuUirs to f,'ut it. liUuu Smith, tttu girl who shared hui- room, was rousiug as«hc eutcred. 14 Is that you, Amy?' she said. ' Haven't yon finished yet ?' ' Nearly,' Miss Twcerl replied. ?* My hc-n.l ac-hes. auil i'in vc-iy tired.1 faeij witti tl»« laviimler wau-r,°ftn-1 frfling fresh.*-. It seemed, l.xo. a-i if a rc.Jc-ryi. had cniiic through Hie windmva into the lux work room, and Amy shivcrutl a littlu on rfhe entered. Hat what was* this? tSnrac one had durely stolen into the room in her absence, wedding-gown. She gave a little cry of astonishment and dismay, and was advancing towards her, turned slowly round. It was no I stronger who Blood there, nor was it one of ?the w.rk-frirLj playing a trick. L-»dy Clara, dressed in her own bridal rol»e, w.-w looting at the dressmaker with blue eyes full of iinntter I a.Mc anguish, ;ui-l pale lips pai-tml as if in a J vain attempt to speak. How long Mii-= Tweed ' endured thii- mournful gazt hht could not U-IL ThoW^ teemed i» reafl hW Very^ »U convey to her a me&i;≥ of mysterious sym pathy and fellowship ?n suffering. At last one of the white hancja was raised with a feirewell gesture, and Amy knew no more. When *he came to her senate again, EUot Smith, was kneeling by her eide, loosening her dress.. And there, in the middle of the room, lay the wedding-gown, thrown lightly on the Soor, as if someone bad juet stepped out of it in haste. At the eight of tie robe Amy began to shirer violently, and then burst oat into passionate tears, which relieved her over wrought brain. Her companion led her upstairs, and made her lie stuland rest. At length she slept, and did not wake until the summer day was well advanced. . 'Are you feeling any better V asked Ellen Smith, coming to the. bedside with breakfast on a tray! 'You have been working a great deal too hard ; it is no wonder that yon broke down. And, after alL your labour has been . 'In vain?' Miss Tweed repeated wonderingly. 'Why, the wedding-drem-is quite finished- It was to be sent home this morning.' 'It will never be needed,' the other answered. ** Madame has jnst had a message. It seems that poor Lady Clara Berkeley died last night at half -past twelve.' Miss Tweed fell back silently on the pillow, and closed her eyes. Not one word did. she say to Ellen Smith of Lady Clara's appearance in the workroom, and her companion attributed her faintness entirely to over fatigue. On tbe next day she got up and ' tried to go on with her business as usual; but she could not bear to stay in the upper .work room, and at length with much reluctance,' Madame consented to let her retain to the country. Dan and his wife received 'her kindly, and by degrees her strength was restored. Later on she learnt tiiat Lady Clara's eQgAgement was broken off on the day before ner death. Lord Arthur, fridrng that she was no longer a rich woman, wrote to her and asked to be set free. She sank at once, and never rallied after the blow fell, nor did she ever speak again to those around her. But they beard her murmuring softly to herself, and distin guished the words that she uttered. 'My wedding-gown,' she repeated over and over. 'Oh, my wedding^gown ! If £ could only wear it once — just once— jufit Miss Tweed married Edward CaDaway, .of Hill Farm, and lives in the old county. She n^yer forgets the London poor, and many a sickly chad is received into her pleasant home to be nursed and fed ; but 'her heart has opened freely to all sorts and conditions of men and women. She believes Dow-a-Aays in the equality of the human family, and knows that a common sorrow levels all distinctions: Kot in vain, she says, did the earl's daughter and the humble dressmaker meet m the spirit on that memorable night, although tie one was taken and the other left. [The Exvw] 