the Courting of DM SMd by rudyard kipling. (ftmfj'ntKtf from No. fS.) "Bid I ever tell yen how Dinah Shadd came to he wife av mine '! " 1 dissembled a banting anxiety that I had felt for 6omc months — over since Dinah Shadd, the strong, the patient, and the infinitely tender, had of her own good love and free will washed a shirt for ine, moving in a barren land where wash ing was not. "I can't remember," 1 said casually. 44 Was it before or after you made luvo to Annie Brngin and got no satisfaction ? " The story Annie Brngin is written in another place. K is one of the many episodes in Mulvnney's chequered career. 44 Before— before— longhcfore, was that business av Annie Brngin an' the corp'ril's ghost. Never woman was the worse for me whin I had married Dinah. There's a time for all things, an' 1 know how to kapo all things in place — bnrrin' the dhrink. that kapes mo in my place wid no hope av comin' to be aught else." " Begin at the beginning." 1 insisted. "Mrs. Mulvaiiey told mo that you married her when you were quartered in Krah Bokliar barracks. " " An' the same is n cess-pit," said Mulvanev, piously. " She spoke thrue. did Dinah. ,'Twas this way. Talkin' av that, have yc ivcr fallen in love, suit/" J preserved the silence of the damned. Mulvanev continued— " Thin I will assume that ye have not, 1 did, In the days av my youth, as 1 have more than wans't tould you. I was a man that filled the ovo an' delighted the sow av women. Never man was bated as 1 have bin. Never man was loved as I — no. not within half a day's march av lit ! Forthelirst live years avmv service, whin 1 was what 1 wud give mysowl to he now. 1 title whatever was widin iny roach, an' digested ut — an' that's more than most linn can say. Dhrink 1 tuk, an' ut did ; mo no harm. By the hollow nv hivon, 1 , end play wid four women at wniist, an" ; kape them from finilin'nnt nnytliin' about j tlie other three, an' smile like a full-blown ! iiuirig'dd through ut nil. Dick Guillmn, j av thehattciy, we'll have down on us to- I night, could drive his U'iim no better than i 1 mine, an' I hild I lie worser cattle ! An' I so I lived, an' fo 1 was happy till nftlier I tliat business wid Annie Brngin— she that i tinned me ofi' as eoul as a mcat-snfe, an taught me where I stud in the mind av an honest woman. 'Twas no sweet dose to take. " Afther that I sickened r.whilu an' t tik thought to iny rcg'montal work ; criiKvit- ing mesilf 1 \s ud study an' bo a sargiiu an' a niajor-siiu'ial twenty minutes afther tint. But mi top ov av inv ambitious- ness there ivas an empty j-lnoo in my sowl, nn' mo own opinion a\ mesilf cud not till ut. Soz J to tmsilf: 'Terence. you're a gieat man an' the best set tip in the ref luent. Go on an' get promotion.' Sez inosilf to nie, 'what fori' Scz I to mesilf: 'For the glorv have ut!' Scz iiu'«ilf to mo: 4 Will tliat fill those two string arruniR av yours, Terence /' 'tlo t" ilia devil,' mm 1 to mesilf. 'Go to the manned lines,' bub mesilf to mo.' 1 Tis the same thing,' scz 1 to inosilf. 'Av you're the same man, ut is,' said inosilf to mo ; an' wid that 1 considhcred on ut a long while. Did you ivcr feel that way, sorr ? " I snored gently, knowing that if Mul vaiiey were uninterrupted lie would go on. Tlio clamour of the bivouac fires beat up to tbo stain as the rival singers of i he companies were jutted agninst each ' way, an' a had time ut ' " W ..,'' i.f". a fool I wint into tbo ' " ' n1 - » o for the sake av sjiakin' tr V t i h r-scrgint Shadd, than for "i ' i ' i. v>\'\ wiuimen folk. 1 was a ' 1 "d I'-un i.juced nftberwards, but a '!> i\l '.'u ti. 1 vc a phntograft av mesilf 1 , in . You'll take a cup av tny, liitu-' s-c. 'I will that,' I eez, Mh.i' i.-,y j j,„i my divarsion.' 7Vul k l.rtter fur you if ut were,' fit nu!d TV, . ih.-r Shadd, an' she had ought ' M, in thu ind av his service, u,|. '"« -u w iull each night. " Wid that J tuk off my gloves— there's was j>ipc-cf»y in t-hitu, so that they stood alone— an' pulled up my chair, Ipokin' round at Gig china onmmiutsan' bits av things in the Shadds' quarters. They were things Giat belonged to a man, an' no camp kit, here to-day an dishipatcd next. You're comfortable this place, scrgint,' says 1. 1 'Tis the wife that did ut, boy,' egz bp, noijitiu1 tho stem av his pipe to ould Mother Shadd, an' she smacked the top av liis bald head upon the compliment, ' That, manes you wnuts money,' see she, "An' Giin— an' thin, whin Gie kittle Jm to bo filled, Dinah cahie in— my mali— her sleeves rowled uji to the an her hair iu a cowlden elmy over tWhiVUw m?' H10 Hifl PP ff frosty (right, pp' wastanuiiw# lighter than 'IvSnni wPi .Wlpppl's basket in U4ta v tgoajrbln ufc's w\>M- Bein' buta slilip av "1 jjio wont pink Qt seem' me, an' I tested an\ looked at a picture forninst the wall. Never show a woman that yc care a snap av a finger for her, an' begad she'll come bloatin to your hoot-heels." "1 suppose that's why you followed Annie Brngin till everybody in the mar ried quarters laughed at you," said I, remembering that unhallowed wooingrand casting off the disguise of drowsiness. 44 1'in lavin' down tho gin'ml theory av the attack," said Mulvanev, driving his foot into the dying fire. "If yon read tho Soldier s Pocket Book, which tiiver any soldier reads, you'll see that there are exceptions. Whin Dinnh was out av the door (an' 'twas ns tho' the sunlight had gone too)— 'Mother av hiven' serglnt,' says I, hut is that vonr daughter 1 ' ' Ivo believed that way these eighteen years,' says ould Shadd, his eyes twinkliir, 4 but Mrs. .Shadd has her own opinion Kkoiv'ry other unman.' ' 'Tis wid yours this lime, for a meriekV sea Mother Shadd. 4 'J'hin why in the name of fortune did I tiiver see her before ? ' scz I. 4 Behase you've been thrapesin' round wid the married women those three years past. She was a bit av a child till last year, an' she shot up wid the spring,' scz ould Mother Shadd. 'I'll thrapceo no more,' sea I. 4Dyou mane that?" sea ould Mother Shadd, loolrin' at mo side-ways like a lien looks at a hawk when the chickens are rutmin' free. 'Try me, an' tell,' sez 1. Wid that J juillcd nn my gloves, dhrank off the ten, nn went out av tlio house as stiff as at gcn'nil p'rnd, for well I knew that Dinah SUadd's eyes were in the siuall av my back out aa the scullery window. Faith ! that was the only time I mourned 1 was not a cavTry mail for tho sake av tho spurs to jingle. "1 wint. out to think, an' I did a powerful lot av thinkin', but- ut all camo round to tl.ar slilip av a girl in the- dotted blue dliress, wid the blue eyes un' the syarkil in them. Thin 1 kept off canteen, an' 1 kept to the married quarthc-rs or near by on the ehanst av ineetin' Dinah. Did I incut. her ? Oh. my time past, did I not, wid a lump in my throat, as big as my valise, an' my heart goin' like a furrier's forge on a Saturday morning!' 'Twas 4 Good day to yc, Miss Dinah, 1 an' 'Good day t'you. corp'ril.' for a week or two. an' di\il a bit further could 1 get bekazo av the respict 1 had to that girl that 1 cud ha' broken butuno finger an' , thiunb.'' Hero 1 giguled as I recalled the gigantic figure of Dinah Shadd when she handed niu my shirt. ! "Ye may laugh," grunted Mulvanev. "But I'm speakin' the trut', au 'tis you that are in fault. Dinah was a girl that that would ha' taken the imperioustiess nut of the Durbess av Cloinnel in those days. Fhusorhniul, foot av shod air, an' the eyesav the moinin' she had. That is my wife to-day— ould Dinnh, and never aught else than Dinah Shadd to me. 'Twas after three weeks' standin' off an' on. an' nivor lnakin' headway cxeipt through the oyo«, tliat a little drummer- boy grinned in lue face whin 1 had ad- , iiu'ni; lied him wid tho buckle av iny belt ; for riotin' all over the jdaee. 4 An' I'm not the only wan that doesn't kapo to harrioks.' so/, lie. 1 tuk him hv the scruff av his neck— my heart was hung on a hail -thrigger tliose days, you well under- i-t.'Uid— an' 4 Out wid ut,' soz 1. 'or I'll lave nohone av you unbreakable.' ' Speak to Deinpsey.' scz he, howling. 4 Dempsey which/' scz 1, 1 Vo unwnfthf-d limb of Satan.' Of the Bob-tailed Dhragoons,' scz lie. 4 lie's seen her homo from hot- aunt's house in the civil lines four times this fortnight.' 'Child ?' sezldliropping him. 'Your tongue's stronger than your body. Go to your quarters. I'm tony I dhressed you clown. 'At that 1 went four ways to wanst hunt in' Demjiscy. I was nmd to think tliat wid all my airs among wonicu 1 shud ha' !>cen clmted by a basin-facod fool av a cavl'iy man not fit to trust on a mule- thrunk. lVesintly 1 found hitn in our lines — the Bobtails was quartered next us —nn' a tallowy, top-heavy son av a she mule he was wid his big brass spurs an' liis plastrons on his cpigastons an' all. But he niver flinched a hair. 44 'A word wid you, Dempsey,' soz I. 'You've walked witji Dinah Shadd four times this fortnight gone.' " 4 M'hnt's that to you ? ' scz ho. 4 I'll walk forty times more, an' forty on top ay that, yc shovol-futtod, clud-bmkin' infan try lanco-corp'ril.' " Before 1 cud gyard he had his gloved fist hoipc op my oliek, an' dpunlweiU full bprawl. 1 Will tliat content you ? ' soz lie, blowin' on his knuckles for nil the world like a Scots Greys orf'cer. 4 Con- Gnt 1 ' sez 1. 4 For your own sake, man, Ukc off your spun— peel your jacket an' on' glove. 'Tis tho boginum' av tho over ture : stand up1' " He stud kit |ie know ; but he niver peeled his jacket, an1 his shouldeiw had no fair piny. 1 was fighUu' for Dinah Shadd nn' tliat cut on mvehgek. What ho| <c hud ho forninst. me ? 'tjtandup,' scz 1, time an' again whin lie was be- ginnin' to quarter Gio ground an' g'Ard high an' go largo. 'Thta isn't right'- schtml,' spK I. '0, stAiid up ap' lpt pie get at yc.' But whin saw hp wud be runuin' about, I grup liis sjitoek in pir lpft ap', his waist-belt' in piy right an , s>vung him clear to piy right front, head undhbf, he lianimenir my peso till tho wind u-as knpoked out' h«n ip the bare ground. 4 Stand up,' sez I,' 1 or I'll kick your head into your chest,' and I wud ha' done ut too, so ragin' mad 1 was. 4 My collar-bone's bruk,' sez he. 'Help m'e back to lines. I'll walk wid her no more. ' So I helped him back." 14 And was his collar-bone broken ? " I asked, for 1 fancied that only Learovd could neatly accomplish tliat terrible throw. " lie pitched on his left6houldcr-point. It was. Next day tho news was m both barrack, an' whin I met Dinali Shadd. w id a cheek like all the rcg'mintal tailors' sample, there was no 'Good mornin', corp'ril, ' or aught else. 4 An what have 1 done, Miss Shadd,' sez I, very bould, plAiitin' mosilf forninst her, ' tlmt yc should not pass the time of day ?" 44 4 Vo'vc half-killed rough-rider Demp sey,' sez she, her dear blue eyes fillin' up. 4 4 4 May be,' soz I. ' Was lie friend av yours dint- saw ye home four times in a fortnight ? ' "'Yes,' sez she, very bould, but her mouth was down at the corners. 4 An' — an' what's that to you ?' " 1 Ask Dempsey,' scz I, purtgndin' to go away. " ' Did you fight for mc then, ye silly man ? ' she scz, tho' she know ut all along. 44 'Who else?' sez I, an' I tuk wan pace to tlio front. " ' I wasn't worth ut,' sez she, fingcrin' in her apron. "'That's for me to sav,' sez I. Shall 1 say ut f ' "'Yes,' sez she in a saint's whisper, an' at that 1 explained mesilf; and slio tould me what ivry man that is a man. an' many that is a woman, hears wanst in liis life. 4 4 4 But what made yc cry at startin. Dinah darlin' V sez I. " ' Your— your bloody check,' sez she. duekin' her little head down on my sash (1 was duty for the day) an1 whimperin' like a sorrowful angel. 44 Now a man cud tike that two ways. I tuk ut as pleased mc best an' mj" first kiss will ut. Mother av Innocence ! but 1 kissed her mi the tip av tho nose an' undlitT the ovo, an' a girl tliat lots a kiss come tumble-ways like that lias never been kifod before. Take n<»to of that, sorr. Thin wo wint hand in hand to ould Mm her Shadd like two little childhcr, an she said it was no bad thing, an' ould Shadd nodded behind liis pipe, an' Dinah run away to her own room. That day 1 throd on rollin' clouds. All earth was too small to hmtld inc. Begad, 1 cud ha' picked the sun out «t tlio sky for a live coal to my pipe, «o mngniticmit I was. But 1 tuk rceruitica at squad -drill', an' began with general battalion advance whin I shud ha' boon balance-steppm' em. Kyah ! that day ! that day ! A very long pause. " Well / " said I. 44 It was all wrong," said Mulvanev, with an enormous sigh. "An' sure 1 know tliat ov'ry bit av it was my own foolishness. That umht 1 tuk, mayhe, tho half av three pints— not enough to turn the hair of a man in his natural senses. But 1 was more than half drunk wid pure joy, an' that canteen liecr was so much whisky to mc. 1 can't tell how- it came about, but Mmrr 1 had no thought for unywan except Dinali, brknzc 1 hadn't slipped her litilo white arms from inv nock fivo minutes, Li-kaze the breath of her kiss was not gone from my mouth, 1 must go through the married lines on iny way to quarters an' 1 must stay talkin' to a red headed Mullencar heifer nva irirl. Juclv Slioohv, that was daughter to Mother Shcehy, the wife of Nick Shceliy, the cantoen-sergint— the black curse av Sliie- lygh be on tho whole brood that are above groun' this day 1 (To hi rojiriiiui-d.) IK THIN, WHIN THE KITTLE WAS TO BE FILLED, DINAH CAME IN— MY DINAH." 