| CHAPTER IT. The Lintock mansion, in the neighbor I hoo;l of Greenw ich Park, was surrouuded | by a high garden wall. The gieat iron gste, leading into a large courtyard, might have been the entrance to a prison, and its gloomy aspect iilled Percy Over beck's mind with vague fears. But when the front door was thrown open, and he stepped with his host into a broad, well- j lighted hall, all sense of dread was in star,tly dismissed, fur at the foot- of the ; oaken staircase stood Bertha l.nitoek. ! She was a tall, graceful girl of nine teen : and she anvays looked her best, in Percy's opinion, at these moments of greeting with her father ; not that her dark eyes were wanting in their eloquent expression of welcome when they met his. l>ut she simply said in a charming tone of well-feigned surprise : •* Mr. Overbeck. H-.;w very kind lliis is as she took his proflered hand. Overbeck could not fail to notice, from Bertha's anxious glance at her father's face, that- she guessed something had re cently upset him. Was it possible that such a trouble as this, which he had acci dentally discovered, weighed upon her fathers mindV Berilia's firtt words, when they were alone in the drawing room before dinner, " Have you marked the change in my father ? To night he does not se'-'in the same man." con vinced Overbeck that she had been told nothing. " He is greatly changed," replied the young mail. " I am much concerned about him.'' " Can anything be done ?" "I sincerely hope your father will talk to me of himself this evening. 1 shall draw him our," he added, laughingly, to reassure her, " over our cigar." Bertha's eyes expressed her sense of gratitude. During dinner Mr. Lintock was deeply abstractod ; in f;ict, he left Bertha to do all the talking ; so she and I'ercy con versed together tu their hearts' con tent. As snon as dinner was over, Bertha rose to leave. While Overbeck a ood ! holding open the door, the ^irl gave hi:ii one <jf those ajipealing looks as she p-R-cd out which lie remembered long after. " Xow that we r.re alone," said Mr. ; Lintock, '• I will ask your attention for a j'ew minutes. I want to tell you of the ia.ee. vis at 11unt^ me. I ho ve intended for some tim-j j-poaking to you. Tne in - cident in tlf; train to- uighi has decided me." | <)i-oibeck, having drawn forward an armchair, lit a cigar. at:d looking atten tivyly at Mr. Lintock, sai i : " i am deeply miere-t«-d." After a few minutes' pause, the wlwrf o'.vn- r inquired : r " I) j 3'<i'i remember, Overbook, an in dividu::'. <;f the of Ciogstyun < Jverb.'ek shook his head. •" lie vi%is a workman on the wharf. I dismissed him »<ii" ins'iluie'.y. ' A d.rk person, black. hungry eve- ! a^ki d Oeei'hc<k. "Tha 's the man, a< you Jecr'be him — that's tiie man whose face I saw at tin; : ;:'.t i ia^e wuido'-v to-nigM.. j i ho younger man's handsome eyes were i fixed s< aichi;i:Jy upon his host. I " Not realiy | " Yes what e!s I thongiit you might menu his ghost" said the young man, smiling. !" I mean the mail's face. I have no belief iii disembodied spirits." 4i B it," said Overbeck, " unless the niaii OJogstoun is dead—" i " lie is not dead. He threatens me"; I lie has done so for months. I see his face 1 l everywhere—every win re," said Mr. Liu i tock, glancing uneasily round the [ room. I For a moment the whatf-ownrr placed j his hand acro?s his eyes, as he had done j ill the railway carriage ; but quickly re J covering himself he s-iid : j ' Clogs: ou:i had often been employed [ oil llie wharf, ;md as often discharged, j owing to his tip^j' and quarrelsome ! habits. lie insulted everyone he came j across, when excited by drink, mit'l it i was thought he must be out of his mind. When at last I refused to listen to liis : appeal to b" £iven another chance, he niuttred, 4 You shan't ruin me for 110 ihing. Mr. Lintock ; you liad better think this over.' I did not like his look then ; there was a strange expression in his eyes—a look that seemed to me to con tain a touch of insanity. A few days afterward he accosted me in the street, loaded me with insult, and ro^ed he would not rest until he had taken my life." Overbook started up with an angry ex clamation on his lips. " The man is mad!" i4I treated this threat at fir3t as the silly uit.i ranee of a drunkard," continued Mr. L:ntock. " It gave me at the mo ment no real uneasiness. 13a■ as time went by, liis conduct b;-^an to alarm me. He again accostcd me, and became more insolent. I warned him that I should be forced, if he did not cease to annoy me, to take the matter before a magis trate. " '• Ah ! you did right. I should have done so at once, though." 44 But that has no cil'cct. He f-tUl dogs I my steps if I venture out after dark. I see his ey< s fixed on me at every corner ; i and u-!:c-5S something is done to put a stop to it I shall be iil. My duties at the warehouse trii a sutiirlcut wear a;;d fear without Clogs'ouu's wretched face threat ening ine ni^ht and day." Ov.rrb: ck w;is pacing up and down tlie room. He could not rest wiih the thought cf Mr. Lintock insulted and j harassed at every turn. " Does anyone know of lilts affair ex cept ourselves he asked. The wharf-owner reflected a moment. 44 Du-.-icet, I think, susp -cts something; nobody else." " Not even your daughter " I have never spoken to her on the subject,'' said Mr. L'istock, evasively. After a moment's pause, Overbeck asked : "Cm you give me Ciogstouu's ad dress ?" The wharf-owner looked up sur prised. "'It never occurred to me that he had any. In what hole or corner of London i*ould he lodge ? il.s appearance was no better v. hen I saw him last than that of a v.-i'_><-ib jiid or tramp." '* He must be know:! to the police." 44 So I hope, for he has fallen very low. flr wa3 last seen by Ducket on London Bridge, contemplating, I should think from the account he gave me, suicide or something worse. Is there a crime that one so profligate would not commit ? The thought makes me shudder! If you had seen his face to-night, the dreal would have laid hold of you as it has of me— that my life is in danger." He spoke in a very earnest tone, but there was no trace of agitation in his manner. His words, " My life is iu danger," seemed to express the convic tion of a sound-minded man capable of mature reflection. 44 You are seriously of opinion, Mr. Lintock, that the face at the carriage window was real, and not imaginary ?" Mr. Lintock, with a thoughtful look bent upon the ground, replied : 44 That is a question to which I wish. Overbeck, I could give you a satisfactory answer. Is it real ? The face, as 1 tell you. threatens me momentarily—so un expectedly ; it seems- -on!}' too r. al." | Then he suddenly added with a searching glance, 41 You do not think my brain aii'eeted V Well, well, it is uot surpris ing jf y.iu do. 1 have enough worry at. the wharf, sometimes, without this one, to drive me crazy." Overbeck promised to take the matter seriously in hand ; and after some further conversation on the subject, of a re assuring nature, Mr. Lintock proposed ti.at they should join Bertha in U12 drawing-room. She was at the piano, but she rose wh'n they came in, gave them ten, and paid some delicate little attentions to her f it':cr. Then she returned to the piano, and began to play a sonata that seemed like an accompaniment to her dr. amv thoughts. Presently Percy Overbeck went softly so a chair besides her. for llie wharf- owner had fallen asleep. 44 lie has spoken to you," said the girl, ftili accompanying her dream. " Has he not Her face was troubled, and tears were j i in her da: k eye3. 44 We have talked the matter over. He has told me everything. Do not be dis fiessed; there is no need. Have confidence iu me, will you, as an olJ friend ? ' There wan little occasion to have asked i this. Bertha's face, though troubled, had not lost its trustfulness! 44 Why should j'ou doubt that ?" was the girl's reassuring reply. 44 For weeks past I have wished that my father would speak to 3 0U. I knew that something disturbed him. But he is so considerate! lie lias done his best to hide it from me, fearing to alarm ine." " It is about a discharged workman— it is be>t that you should know—a fellow who threatens your father. The art'air has unnerved him ; but I hope to put matt; rs right. You are not frightened, I hope (" " Now ; not i'«j-v,"said Bertha in a low voic:—'"not now, that you are lifting half the burden otl'our shoulders. How good it is of you I" She was ii resistible. Overbeck an sv\ <red in liis earnest way : There is no buiden that I would not bear fur your sake." 44 For me ?" 44 Yes, lVriha. I love 3'on." Tiierc was a flutter of the dark eye lashes, but the j^irldtd not raise her eyvs. The at'C-.-mpaniuiciit to her dream was al most inaudible uow. Was the realily— the conviction of her love for Percy j Overbids dawning upo«. In r ? The s. in at a was finished, and Sir. Lin tock awoke our. of his nap. It. was time for Overbeck to bid his friends good iiigl.t, for h« intended to return to Lon don. lie caught a sweet, timid glance from Bertha as he took his leave. As the traiu was approaching London Bridge, and the glow of lamplight in wide and narrow thoroughfares threw a. red reflection over the city, Orerbeck thought of the countless mysteries that lay hidden in dark courts and alleys, in the midst of all this glare. Was the face that haunted his friend in one of these shadowy by-ways ? 