HOLY TONGA. \ BY " THE VAGABOND." AT VAVAU. At Yavau I meet tho Rev. J. B. Watkin, president of tho "Free Church of Tonga." Until five years ago this gentleman was a clergy man of the Wesleyan church, a part of his life having been spent as a missionary in Tonga, where he earned the love and esteem of King George and his people. When in 1881 Mr. Wat- kin was removed from Tonga and appointed to a " station" in New South Wales. King George was wrath. Mr. Watkin was afterwards re instated at Vavaun's " superintendent," but Mr. Moulton, the obnoxious, was retained as "chair man" at Nukualofa, the capital. If Mr. Moulton had not been so appointed, and if Mr. Watkin. in his stead had been appointed chairman, a position he had held for a short time after Mr. Shirley Baker resigned, I think Tonga might have remained Wesleyan to this day. For if King George has confidence in Mr. Baker as his Prime Minister, he has love for Mr. Watkin as his spiritual guide. King George, I think, judges men aright. Mr. Watkin comes of a family noted, in the old world and in Australia, for steadfast work in tho cause of religion. In heading tho Free Church movement 1 do not think he was actuated by ambition, but by a true regard for the spiritual welfare of Tonga and its people. Personally, Mr. Watkin is a mild man, over 50 and looking his years. He is dressed in a clerical black suit, which seems strangely out of place in this climate. But King George has a Conservative idea that clergymen should always appear in their black costume, tho badge of their craft. He himself often assumes a black suit and white linen, in which ho looks less royal than in Australia ...(unclear). Mr. Watkin therefore humors tho King's wish in wearing black, to his own discomfort. A good, courteous and kind man, Mr. Watkin in non-ossentials, would, 1 think, always give way. Not, however, from tho collie dog temperament, but from tho truer instinct embodied in the lines : — We are each and all another's, And the heart that gives most freely of its riches hath the more. Mr. Watkin has not an evil word to say against any one. He and the Rev. Mr. James, tho now Wesleyan pastor at Nukualofa, are the two best Christians I have met in the group. Tho religious bitterness in Tonga is, in fact, kept up entirely from Australia. If the "New South Wales Conference" no longer paid Mr. Crosby's salary, that gentleman would not remain here at Vavau to endeavor, without suc cess, to entice the adherents of the Free Church to join the Wesleyans, and to say evil things against Mr. Baker and King George, and fan tho animosity of the latter against the Wesleyan body. For there is no doubt that the old King of Tonga is very bitter against that religious body with which lie was so long connoctod. Aud this feeling has extended to hatred to England. For tho consular roprosentativos of England iu Tonga appear to havo boen always willing to support the Wcsleyan claims for tho church sites and ohurcii furniture, and "trustee funds," which King Georgo says, in justice, were tho property of the chiefs and peoplo, and not of tho alien Australian Conference. It is absurd that there should bo somo 50 church sites occu pied by 50 nativo ohurchos, all uuocoupied aud useless, and which, overgrown with bush, nro nuisances to the villages. The statements made in English and Australian newspapers of tho "persecution in Tonga" havo also greatly aroused tho iro of the old king, who writes to the missionaries — " When I wont to Samoa, and went to Niua and compelled them to become Wesleyans, you were pleased ; and I fought with Tonga also, and killed a great many to make them Wesleyans, and you praised mo and exalted mo to tho skie3. But when I command them to becomo Freo Churoh you aro angry and say I am a murdoror, but who can Bay that I havo killed any ono bccauso ho does not wish to bccomo Freo Church?" Tho visit of Sir Charles Mitchell in H.M.S. Diamond in 1887 was also a bitter cause of offonco to King George. One can fool a sym pathy with this old warrior when ho says. "After tho arrival of tho vessel of war with tho Governor of Fiji to judgo Tonga my mind was fully made up never to join n ohurch which had brought a man of war to interfere witli no." . This notion of tho "Wcsleyan com munity in instigating tho British author!- ties to interfere in Tonga is exactly on a par with that of tho German Trading Com pany which instigated tho interference of tho Gorman men-of-war in Samoa. King Georgo of Tonga detests England as much as King Malic- toa of Samoa does Germany. And but for Mr. Shirley Bakor there is a great probability that Tonga would ore this havo been annexed by Germany. But when tho king is dead what will his suc cessor say 7 Who is going to bo the next monarch of Tonga? If you ask William Tungi he will tell you ho is to do king, in which caso I think civilisation would not advance in Tonga. According to tho constitution of Tonga tho Crown and Throne aro to ho possessed for over by King George and his malo heirs. Failing these tho femalo descendants of King George and their heirs aro to possess tho throne. Failing these it is to go to William Tungi and to liis heirs. Now, all tho male descendants in tho direct male lino from King Georgo nro dead, tho last boing Princo Lofoni, or Laifoni, who has just died at Vavau. But Mr. Bakor tolls mo there is a groat grand son by female desqent, who will bo nominated Crown Princo by tho king, and who will be educated up to his position. Whoever King George nominates as his successor wo may be suro will bo accepted by tho people. William Tungi is in Vavau at the present time on a malanga. There lias been a big katoanga and karawanga, much feasting and dancing at Vavau on account of the Prince's death and tho nomination of a new governor. The Boyal band has been brought tip hero on tho Wainui to add state to tho proceedings. 1500 pigs have boen slaughtered nnd oaten. Tho kava boivl lias boen kept flowing. Tungi, who in esse is Speaker of the Legislative Assombly, as well as a king in posse, lias dono his sharo in the feasting, and appears to bo suffering a recovery. I cannot get an interview with him until noon, as he is sleeping till near that hour. Tungi's temporary quarters are at a wooden bouse with a thatched roof. This is surrounded by a number of huts, the quarters of his fol lowers, for Tungi travels with a "tail." The place is not over clean, but the Tongan Speaker does not seem to mind such a trifling mattor, hut is seated comfortably on the bard floor, gnawing somo poultry bones which he throws away as we euter. The two femalo attendants, who aro young nnd comely, remove the plentiful debris, Tungi wipes his greasy fingers on his fat thighs, and" then looks up at us with a query in liis wicked black eyes. "What the devil does this Papalangi want?" Tungi lias an aquiline nose, which, with his piercing eyes, relieve him from an appcalance of gross stupidity. Ho is very obese, the fat swelling into wrinkles on bis wrists and legs, like those of a prize baby. Ho looks sensual nnd wicked, and Btrikes mo as tho very model of a black Tiberius. With all his fat Tungi, I imagine, is an ambitions man. But as long as Georgo Tubou lives the powerful will of the old King keeps Tungi in his place. Bemovo King Georgo and Mr. Shirley Baker from tho scene, however, nnd Tungi would be a power, and I do not think he would be a power for good. Ho may yot bo beard of in connection with Tongan polities, so I study him, as I studied General Boulanger two years ago. But Tungi is not such a pleasant study as le brav' General. The Tongan Speaker in roturn studies me, turning my card over and over in his hand, as if wondoring what to do with it. Tungi "allows" that ho may bo King, but not Crown Prince or Governor of Vavau. That is not lucky. Ho, Tpngi, does not wish to die liko tho others. Will wo drink kava? Or angona papalangi, tile white man's liquor ? Wo are not thirsty 1 AVeli, wo must take a kava root with us, and como and see him again in the nftornoon. Shall wo briug a bottle, two bottles, with us ? Why, yes ! Tungi laughs for tho first time. He knows, I expect, that the liquor from the Wainui is good. Mr. M'Kinlay carries the kava root on board to give to our carpenter, who has acquired a taste for island refreshment in this form. But wo do not return to see tho possiblo futuro King of Tonga. I admit to having hnd a malanga with Knlnkaua Rex of Hawaii. But Tungi is too cheap. I sincerely trust he will never get a chance of grabbing tho Tongan throne. Tungi is one of the old school, who in his BOtni-nakcdness considers himself the equal of ay white man in clothes. As far as comfort iu this climato is concerned he is right. But tho ' former Governors of Vavau kept up a semblance of state in their surroundings and apparel. David Unga, tho King's son, who, like his cousin, my old friend Maafu, was a man of fine stature and presence, had, it is said, a mag nificent uniform made in Sydney, which cost £200! Fifteen years ago the following account is given of tho domestic arrangements of tho then Governor of Vavau: — "David's house would bo regarded in the Australian colonies as a fit ting residence for any high official below tho rank of Viceroy. It is constructed of imported materials, all the interior being panelled nnd polished. The furniture of every room, im ported from Now South Wales, is elegant and costly. Iu tlio centre of the building is a largo dining hall with stained glass doors at either end, which is only used on State occasions. Here tho table is laid with every requisite, fine linen, plate and cut glass. The cook is a China man, tho butlor ,n negro. A hotter or moro elegantly served dinner one would scarcely ox- pect in Sydney ; everything was in profusion, even to champagne and soda water. Princo David, liko all his colleagues, apes the mannorof any English ofliccr. Ono remark he mado was very characteristic of tho man. My friend per ceived on a Sunday afternoon that lie did not leave tho house, although all his people woro at church for the second time. Ho inquired the reason, and tho Governor of Vavau replied, ' I havo been this morning, too much church is not good. I havo been told that English gentlemen do not go to church more than once a day. We got our religion and laws from the English. AVliy thou should wo not imitate their religious customs ?' " Princo David ought to have travciiod with Captain Logan, and ho would havo found out what it is to havo churoh servico twice a day. Fifteen years ago tho travollcr at Vavau might have had a good timo uillllig with the TlinCc. But hu iiUu hio tv.'u successors are dead, and the gilt is off the "palace" and its surroundings. The Chinaman cook and tho negro butter are no more. The champagne and soda water aro "gone away with the lager beer." Tho only malanga open to ono hero now is to drink kava or square gin with Tungi, and that I avoid. We visit God's Aero at Vavau. It is not so well kept nor so picturesque as. the cemetery at Apia. Tho principal grave is that of the recently deceased Prince Laifoni. This occupies a elenred raised space, covered with sand, coral and gravel, with a circle of black stones from the volcano of Tofon. Fresh flowers are placed in glasses around the grave. As yot thero is no headstone here. Near at baud, enclosed in iron railings, is a tomb bearing Kb inscription, "Sacred to tho memory of" the wife and two children of the Rev. Sir. Adams, a pioneer missionary in Vavau. There is a convent school here, which will attract the attention of good Catholics. Tho French sistors are favorites with everyono in Tonga as in Samoa. " Sister Mary," with whom I have the picasuro of travelling, has quite an ovation from her old pupils, many of whom aro mated to Germans. And these Germans, to their credit be it said, think as much of tho nuns as if they wero their own countrywomen. And they talk bettor French to tho Sisters than I can, which makes mc again annoyed at tlm superiority of the German race in genoral knowledge. But old George, of Bcndigo, restores my amour propre by swearing to a few beachcombers that 30 yoavs ago I was a mate of his on Bendigo. It is no uso persisting that I was not one of tho Argonauts of the Fifties. When I am solomnly asked if I mean "to turn my back on my old mates," I can conscientiously swoar that I will do no such thing. So George persists in his declaration that I was a digger on Bcndigo. As there woro no finer men in this generation than tho early gold diggers I am flattered at this accusation. But pleasing though it is, George, myapochrypal "mate," cannot entice me into tho groves where somowhero or another thcro is a " pub " concealed, at which pyjama clad beach combers drink and get drunk with the samo ease and simplicity as in Australia. But as high drinking horo iB combined with plain living there is not so much harm done to the beachcombers' livers. It may bo noted that the square gin of Holland has not tho samo dclctorious effect upon the dipsomaniac in tho South Seas as that enrse of Australia, colouial beer, lias upon the rising generation in our large cities. Travellers in Holy Tonga will find the greatest charm in tho Vavau archipelago. To those who may follow me in my South Sea malawjas I givo this advice — take the Union Company's boat to Lofuka, Haapii ; then charter a local schooner, sail about that group, nnd then on to Vavau. Thcro are somo very smart little crafts wliioh fly tho red cross of Tonga, nnd in fine weather sailing is much more delightful than steaming. In the Friendly Islands ono need not he out of sight of laud for more than a fow hours at a time. Tho island vol canoes of Tofoa and Lotto can be visited beforo making tho Vavau groujj. The traveller, arrived there, should not bothor his head about politics, or wonder at tho large Wcs leyan mission house, with its garden and tennis ground, when the church lias not a handful of worshippers. I would advise liira to mako friends with some of the chiefs, and livo a life vaka Tonya, after tho manner of tho country. But ho should not without caution sleep in the native houses. In Samoa this is practicable. As I have pointed out, the Sauioans are the cleanest of all native races. But in Tonga there are Egyptian plagues. . Still n native house might be hired and cleaned and purified fit for whito occupation. Making this their head quarters, the travellers Bliould sail about tho archipelago, fishing aud camping out and having generally sucli a good time that the memory of it would remain green in their hearts for ever. I can imagine such a party singing, in the words of Now Zealand's poet — Out on the beach, when night was creeping— Rolled in shadows— across the dome, Wo watched tho waves, as slioroward leaping They fringed the sand with streaks of foam. Ocean's hoart, with its ceaseless throbbing. Beat 'gainst billows that lose and fell ; Sometimes singing, and sometimes sobbing, Sea ghosts came on each foaming swell. f Sailing about Vavau the voyager can dream of an old Btory, a legend as poetic as that of Hero and Leandor, tho locale of wliioh lie can, if a good swimmer, easily oxplorc. Tho legend of " Ncuba's Cave " tells a tale of woman's un selfish lovo, such as wo find prominently in tho traditions of every age, and under every ciroum- stance, since Eve shared the apple with Adam. It also tells a talo of woman's forethought, which, it must be admitted, is never vory ap parent, and perhaps is only found when work ing out tho dictates of her lovo. A woman will suffer for those she loves, evon die for them, and lias, according to tradition, done so time after timo in ail countries. But to fear the evil wliioh may como upon the man slio loves, and, thus foreseeing it, to provide for his safety when tho critical moment shall arrive, and, more than all, to keep- secret what she knows and how she is acting, forms tho slightly incredible' part of this legend. However, my lady readers may think other wise. This is the story. Tho first portion lias at various times and by different authors beon embellished with sundry and numerous de tails in order to make tho tale, according to their ideas, complete. To givo only the exact and reliable facts of the narrative I will simply state that "once upon a time " a deadly quarrel arose in the Tongan Islands. "Whether amongst the na tivo tribes, or by tho invasion of a foreign enemy from adjacent islauds, or from civilised Europe, matters not. Amongst the dofenders of the Vavau Islands was a gallant youth,- who was loved by a dusky maiden, as it falls to the lot of a luoky few to be adored. The defenders fought, were beaten and fled. On their arrival at tho homes they had bravely sought to protect, the noble youth, who might bo described as tho bravest of the brave, was welcomed by his fond bride— With dark anil brilliant skin, anil dewy eye Shining with love, and lit>po, anil constancy. Kculia— tho fond, tho faithful, the auored — Her heart on TorquU'u like a torrent poured ; And smiled, and wept, anil near and nearer clasped, As if to be assured 'twas him she grasped ; Shuddered to seo bis yet warm wound, and then To find it trivial, smiled and wept again. But their troubles were far from ot an end. Tho conquerors pursued. "Weak and disabled, the vanquished ones were unable to light. Again thoy fled. They took to their cauocs, and mado for a small island in tho bay enBy to dofend. When near, Ncuha budo the men who rowed tho canoe iu which she and her lover sat join the otliors in order to strengthen thoir farces. Tliey woro persuaded to go, and alio was loft alone with the man she loved. Her supple arms- forced the canoe quickly through tho water, but the enomy was gaining. Then sho paddled towards a barren rock which rose gaunt and shelterless from- the sea. When her lover saw the defenceless goal for wliioh she strove ho upbraided her, and asked why sho had brought liim there to meet Ilia death. Smiling confidently sho bada him fol- o low her, and oa they approached tho rook, lay down tho oars and plunged into the sea. He dare not hesitate, his foes wero upon him and called out to him to yield. Ho dived into the water after his mistress and rose no more. The pursuers looked anxiously around, but no sign of either was to bo seen. The sharp sidos of the rook made it impossible for anyone to land. The empty canoe that had borne the two lovers drifted away, and the ocean was undisturbed by a single trace of tho fugitives. And so tho pur suers turned away. Ncuha aud her lover must be dead ! What had becomo of them ? When tho girl dived into the water, closely followed by tho young warrior, sho swam down deep into the sea, then suddenly turning rose again and landed safely within a sea locked cave. Here she carofnlly tended her lover. Drawing from her bosom a , small piece of wood, kept dry by many loavcB, and amongst which she had hidden a pieco of flint, with Torquil's knifo she struok firo, and Boon tho cavo was warm and bright. With tho wood she made a toroh, and, seeking one of tho inner recesses of tho cave, returned with fruit of all kinds! The noxt day, as soon as the light pane- trated through tho water to tho cave, tho girl swam.to tho surfaco and looked about. Nothing was tc bo seen, tho enemy had gone and all was safe. In a cleft of tho rock Bho discovered their canoe, and returning once moro for Torquil she took him back to thoir island home. There ho told of his wonderful escape, and how she, fearing when tho disturbance began that Bomothiug might happen to her lover, had gono day by day and taken fruit and wood and other necessaries to this wondrous cavo. Nouha had discovered this rotrcat through hearing how, generations before, a young chief diving for turtlo by accident found times during a bitter war tho daughter: of a rival ohicf was taken captive, and tho young' man falling in lovo with her had convoyod kej to' this eavc, and there kopt her till the feud was over. He thon took all liis tribo to this spot, and diving into tho water returned with the lady. His comrades thinking at first that he was mad, and would either bo eaten by sharks or drowned, now believed him to be a god and she a goddess. But he undeceived them, thoy returned to .their homes, nnd if it hnd not happened in TongAtbc girl in narrating those facts might liaveAadded, " lived happily ever afterwards." Tho triivbfr to Yavau can sec Nouha's cavo if ho ho a good swimmer and has a good heart, and with one of the daughters of the land to guide him can live for the moment a latter day idyll. I admit that I only aco tho rock. Altogether Vavau is not only tho best of all tho harbors in tho Pacific, but tho most pic turesque. The scores of little islauds which surround it aro all beautiful in outline. Each one 3tands out bold aud steep in the midst of the waters- which dash against its rooky base, wear ing away a complete circle therein. Hero and there on these islets is n sandy shore, whero one can land and climb up tho cliffs to inland villages. Horo and there the precipices are flitted and worn into caves like those at Cape Bridgewatcr. What seems but a little chasm in the cliff may be the entrance to a water cavo of surpassing loveli ness if its beauties nro lit up by the magnesium light. A week spent in sailing about the Vavau archipelago might extend to a fortnight, and that again to a month, before the travellers, satiated with island experiences, would tbink'of catching tho return steamer hence to Auckland. Few, lam sure, who follow my present. advice in South Sea travel but will be sorry, as I am, to say good-bye to Vavau and to Holy Tonga, and will long for the time when they can have another such malanga. To burst all links of habit, there to wander far away. On from islanil unto island, at the gateways of tho day. 