FLOBI 0 ULjI'URE. \--.- (No. I.) Floriculture, or the cultivation of flowers, is an art based upon the natural sciences-botany, chemistry and ento mology. Although a knowledge of these and kindred sciences will give much aid, it will not of itself make a good florist. The cultivation of flowers is an occupation that improves alike the body, mind and heart. It is also an almost certain indication of purity and refinement, What is needed in the cultivation of flowvrs is more study, more thought, more enthusiasm, with less attachment to old ways, methods and practices which, if de sirable or judicious, have long ceased to be so. If those who love flowers will intel ligently resolve that their cultivation shall, and must improve, it will not be long before we have an art worthy of this country and the age in which we live. We can afford to cultivate flowers if for no other reason than their cheerful sur rounding. Many do without flowers be cause they think they will cost too much time and trouble ; but one does not have to think long to be convinced that all things worth having are worth working for. Oftentimes the only partial success, or in many instances, the failure in the cultiva tion of flowers, is the fact that we try to do too much, and that our gardens are too large, consequently not sufficiently caied' for. No one should have more ground de voted to a flower garden than can be kept in the highest state of cultivation. The same may be said of house plants:' Too often do we see many plants crowded together in a poorly lighteds window, com pelling each plant to take oi a form inever intended by nature, and foliage quite different from that desired by the owner. One of the chief requisites: in the managre ment of house plants is plenty of sunshine. "Next is ans atmosphere neither too dry nor too close, and a uniform temperature (lower at night than during .day.) Hints as to watering may be summed up as follows I Rain water.is better than spring or well water. Hard water miay be greatly improved by adding a drop or two of ammonia or a little soda,-, piece about the nize of a' large pea. to every gallon used. The.best time to water is.in the morning, `the'next best; the evening. Never water houtse'plants when the .sun is shiniig on them. Never give water when the soil is moist to the touchi; nearly all plants re quire more seiater when in bloom than" at other times; more in a warm temperature than in a cold; and:more when in active growth than when at rest. Plants in open rooms usually require water once a day, and some twice. Cleanliness' is most essential. The leaves of plants should be kept free from dust, hence frequent° water ings and washings are absolutely necessary. Care must be taken not to wet the flower of the plant or to ?let water remain in.the saucers. Water supplies plants food, or elements of fertility contained in itself; and converts the plant food or nourishment of the soil into a liquid formui ; so .thnt it may be ab sorbed by the roots. The roots of plants must be kent moist, but not wet. W- ? n drainage is most perfect plants, will he generally, the healthiest, and will niced waterings the oftener. Give house plabts as much light as possible during the day, and darkness with a lower temperature at night. • Plants require, rest; a uniform temperature of GO or 70. degrees in the day time.and 40 or 45 degrees at night will give the best results. Turning plants' to wards the sun .should not be done unless done regularly every two days. House plants require a good supply of fresh' air; ventilation is absolutely necessary. From the earliest period much attention was liard to the cultivation of many trees and plants wlhich were considered sacred, and it is curious to note that while in the East certain flowers were dedicated to the tVirgin, the same flowers were the special favorites in the North of Freya. The rose and the lily, which divide between them the queenship of the flower garden, were the first among all the blossoms dedicated to Mary, the Queen of Heaven, and: to Freya, who sat by the side of Odin on the throne in Walhalla. One of the prettiest of the many legends clustering round the white lily (lcelliun caadidum)-is that which explains the origin of the custo-m which made the old masters place a 'vase with lillies,- each of the three stalks having three blosdsoms, .'n their pictures of the Virgin Mary. According to this legend a celebrated 'Dominican abbliot had long entertained doubts as to the truth of the Conception by the Holy Ghost.'::In order to disperse these doubts he decided to put them before another mopnk,: famed for holiness and spiritual enlightment. Egydius, who knowing the abbot's troubles' by inspiration, went to meet the Dominican, struck the ground with his staff and called opt "Oh! Master Preacher; Virgo ante parteid," arid straight.iay a single white lily shot up from the ground ;.here the staff had" touched it.'" A'gain' Brother Egydius smote' the ground and called out 'Oh l'Doubting Master, Virgo ii; para," and another lily came forth; and for the third time he smote the ground with the words " Oh ! 'My Brother, Virgo post partuis," and a third lily rose froa 'the ground; and the 'uiracle strengthened the master's faith. The Jews considered the lily to be a talisman against scorcery' and evil spirits, for which reason Judith plaited lilies into her hair before she went into the tent of Holofernes, after 'divesting hierself of her widow's garb and putting on the holiday garments she had worn on festive' occasions during ' the ' lifetime of .her husband, Manasseh. Aniother very pretty legend, during the lifetime of her husband, Minasseh. Aniother very pretty legend, which was known as early as the.second century, tells bow three d ays after the burial of :the Virgin: the Apostles visited the sepulchre of the Mother of God, but when. they looked into; it they :found it filled with- roses and lilies, arid ever since that- day these flowers webre dedicated to the Virgin. There is another. legend of .the lily, vbhich Simrock- has ppilarised in Ger nany by a ballad. ' Once upon ai time there lived a monk of the order of the Cistercians who wias so simple that ,he could liearn ionthing except two 'words, "Ave Maria,": and nothing besides this mythical greeting' would stay in his memory. Consequently he, anlways re peated tlie-'vords, ' AveM-Maria," and when at last he had " gone home," a lily of pure gold grew: out of hisi grave, and: on each petal the words 'A vf e hi tria" Were dis tinctly printed. - We are told in a book of travels', ..that .ion the eisteri;n side of Bethlelhem.; there- stands: a beautiful h urch, and between it and the town there is the Ager floridus, because -an innocent maiden was once wrongly accused -of' uni chastity and -condemned to be liuried in this place. And when the fire begun to flare up she prayed to our Lord' that, as surely as she was innocent He would, in his grace and mercy, deliver her.' And while she prayed she approached the fire, and it went out immediately and the wood that had burned was changed into red rose bushes, and the wood that had not yet begun to burn was changed into white rose bushes, full of flowers; and that these were the first rose-trees and rodeo, red and white, which had ever been seen. And thus the maiden was saved by the grace of God, and on this account the field is called Ager Floridefs because God made it bloom and it was full of roses. (To be continuetl). 