B E AT RIC E. Br RIDEB HAGGARD, Author of "She," Allan Quatermain,* 1 " King Solomon's Mines," &o.; CHATTER XVX THE FIAT NEAR THE BDGEWARE-BOAD. . Geoffrey's journey to to-vn was not altogether a cheerful one. To begin with, Effie wept, copiously at .parting with her beloved "auntie, as she called Beatrice^ and would not -be comforted. The prospect of rejoining "her .mother and the voluble Anne had no charms for Effie. They all three got on be3t apart. Geoffrey himself had also moo to think about, and found little satisfaction in .the thinking. He threw his mind back over the events of the past few weeks. He .rfimembered how he had first seen Beatrice's lace through the thick mist on the Bel Rocks, and', how ner beauty had struck him as no ,Beauty ever had befor^_ Then he thought of the ,adventure of their enipwrock, and of the deeperate courage with which she had saved .his life almost at the cost of her own. He thought, too, of thafcdoene when on the following day he had entered the room where ahe was asleep, when £he wandering ray of light had wavered from her breast to his own, when that; strange presentiment of the ultimate intermingling of their lives had flashed upon him, and when she had awakened with an unearthly greeting on her lips. One by one, while Effie slowly sobbed herself to silence in the corner opposite to him, he recalled every phase and jsoene of their ever-growing intimacy till the review culminated in his mysterious experience of die-past night and the memory of Beatrice's parting words. . OF all men Geoffrey was among those least inclined to any sort of superstition; from boyhood he had been noted for common sense, and a somewhat disbelieving turn of mind. But he had intellect and imagination, which is pimply intellect etheraelized. "Without these, with his. peculiar mental constitution, he r would, for instanoe, probably have been a religious scseptio } having them, he was nothing of tne sort. So in this matter of his experience of the previous night, and generally of the ptxange and almost unnatural sympathy in which he found himself with this lady, common sense and the results of his observation and experience pointed to the whole thing being nonsense—the result of "propinquity, Sir, propinquity," and a pretty face—and nothing more. Brit nere his intellect and his imagination stepped in, telling him plainly that it was not nonsense, that he had not merely made a donkey of himself over an hysterical or possibly a love-sick girL They told him that because a thing is a mystery it is not necessarily a folly, though mysteries are for the most part dealt in by, fools. They suggested that there may be "many things and forces above us and around us, invisible as an electric current, intangible as light, yet existent and capable of manifestation under certain rare and favourable conditions. And was it not possible that such conditions should unite in a woman like Beatrice, who combined in herself a beauty of body which was only outpassed by the beauty of her mind? It was no^answer to say that most women could never inspire the unearthly passion with which he had been sjbaken some ten hours past, or thatirost men could never become aware of the inspiration. Has not humanity powers and perceptions denied to the cattle of the fieldB, ana may there not be men and women as far removed from their fellows in this respect as these are froin the cattle? ' But the weak point of mysterious occur- I6&CC3; is that they lead nowhere, and do not materially alter the facts of life. One cannot, for. instance, plead a mystery in a Court of law; SO; dropping the imaginative side of the question as one beyond him, he came to its practical aspect, only to find it equally thorny. Odd as it may seem, Geoffrey did not to this moment know the exact position which he oocupied. in the mind of Beatrice, or that she oooupied in his, He was not in love with her, at least not in a way in which he had ever experienced the influenoe of that, on the whole, inconvenient and disagreeable passion. At any rate he argued from the hypothesis that he was not in love with her. This he refused to admit now in the light of day, though he had admitted it fully in the watches of the night. It would not do to admit it. But he was forced to acknowledge that die had crept into bis life and possessed it so completely that then and for months afterwards, except in deep sleep or in hours of severe mental strain, not a single half hour wouldpass without bringing its thought of Beatrice. Everything that was beautiful, or grand, or elevating, reminded him of her—and what higher compliment could a, mistress have ? If he listened to the glorious music, the voice of Beatrice spoke to him through the notes; if he watched the clouds rolling in heavy pomp across a broken sky, he thought of Beatrice; if Bome chance poem or novel moved him, why Beatrice was in his mind to share the pleasure. All of which was very interesting, and in some ways delightful, but under our system not otherwise than inconvenient to a married man. And now Beatrice was gone, and he must come back to his daily toil, sweetened by Honoria's bitter complaints of their poverty, and see ner no more. The thought made- Geoffrey's heart ache with a physical pain, but his reason told him that it was nest so. After all there were no bones broken; there had been no love scenes, no kiss, no words that cannot be recalled; whatever there was lay beneath the surface, and while appearances were kept up all was well. No doubt it was an hypocrisy ; but then hypocrisy is one of the great pillars of civilization, and how does it matter what the heart says while the lips are silent? The Recording Angel can alone read hearts, and he must often find them singularly contradictory and untrustworthy writings. Die of them; die of her dreams? No, Beatrice would not die of them, and certainly he should not. Probably in the end she would many that pious earthly lump, Owen Davies. It was not pleasant to think of, it was even dreadful; but really if she were to ask him his opinion, "as a friend," he should tellherit was the best thing that she could do. Of oourse it would be hypocrisy again, the lips would give his heart the lie; but when the heart rises in rebellion against the intelligence it must be suppressed. Unfortunately, however, though a small member, it is very strong. They reaehed London at last, and as had been arranged, Anne, the French bonne, meb them at the station to take Effie home. Geoffrey noticed that she looked smarter and less to his taste than ever. However, she embraced Effie with an enthusiasm which the child scarcely responded to, and at the same time carried on an ocular flirtation with a tioket collector. Although it was so early in the year for fogs, London was plunged in a dense gloom. It had been misty that morning at Biyngelly, and become more and more so as .the day advanced; but, though it was not yet 4 o'clock, London was dark as night. Luckily, however,, it is not far from Paddington to the flat near the Edgware-road, where Geoffrey lived, so having personally instructed the cabman, he left Anne to* convoy Effie and the luggage, and went on to the Temple by Underground Railway with an easy mind. Shortly after Geoffrey reached his chamber in Pump-court the solicitor arrived as had been arranged—not his uncle (who was, he learned, very unwell), but a partner. To his delight he then found that Beatrice's ghost theory was perfectly accurate; the boy with the missing toe-joint had been discovered who saw the whole horrible tragedy through a crack in the blind. Moreover, the truth had been wrung from him, and he would be. produced at th e trial; indeed, a proof of hia evidence was already forthcoming. Also some specimens of the ex-lawyer's clerk's handwriting had been obtained, and were declared by two experts to be identical with the writing on the wilL One thing, however, disturbed him— neither the Attorney-General nor Mr. Candleton was yet in town, so no conference was possible that evening. However, both were expected that night—the Attorney-General from Devonshire and Mr. Candleton from the • Continent; so—the case being first on the list— it was arranged that the conference should take place at ten o'clock on the following morning. On arriving home Geoffrey was informed that Lady Honoria was dressing, and had left . a message saying he must be quick and do likewise as a gentleman was coming to dinner. Accordingly he went to his own room—which was at the other end of the flat—and put on his 'dress clothes. Before going to the diningroom, however, he said good-night to Effie, who was in bed, but not asleep, and asked her what time she had reached home. "At twenty minutes past five, daddy," Effie said promptly. " Twenty-minutes past five! Why, you don't mean to say that you were an hour coming that little way 1 Did vou get blocked in the fog?" 1! " No, aaddy, but •"But what, dear?" Anne did tell me not to say !"' " But I tell you to say, dear; never mind Anne!" " Anne stopped and talked to the ticketman for a long, long time." *' Oh, did she ?" he said. At that moment the parlourmaid came to say that Lady Honoria and the "gentleman" were waiting for dinner. Geoffrey asked •her casually what time Miss Effie liad reached home. "About half-past five. sir. Anne said the cab was blocked in the fujr." " Very well. Tell her ladyship that I shall Jje down in a minute. (To be continued.) ZOOLOGICAL GARDENS.—A large sea crab, jreasuring 12 ft. across, is now on view at the Zoo. 