Diana's Diamonds. OHAPTEn XL. Wiiev I had nscortninod tliftit my . diamonds woro roally prosont I felt ' \ dospornto. I lookod round/ nnd saw in tho room in which. I wns — nnto- room number ono — my mother, loung- ing in nn nrmoliair, and whispering to n mnn who sat vory closo to her with his hands clnspod and his hond hont. In a momont I was hesido lior, at lior loft hnnd, and with a hasty " ox- ouso mo " I loant over and whiiporod in my turn, — : ' An old lady in tho next room has on 'my. diamond nooklaoo. You must got hor away ! ' 'If' with a look of languid amusemont. ' My doar Mrs. Halford,' alio spoko aloud, ' what have I to do with it? "What can I do ? ' ' What I say ! ' I repeated, olso aloud, and noarly maddened to dos- . poration by hor cool equanimity. ' Lady Lorraine, you must ! If not I will loavo it to you to boar tho eonso- quoncoB ! ' And quivering with ngitation — yes, ; ana muignntipn — l waucoa away, ana I was just in timo to moot Hugh, who camo towards mo, carofully carrying a glass of wator. I had tho groatost work to get it,' lie said, aB holiandod it to mo. ' If it liad only boon ohnmpngno!— but tho water is scarco. I am sorry, darling, I havo boon so long.' ' « Poor Hugh. Ho had already ro- \- covorod his good tomper. Little did ho guoss what his dolay had been to me! My oyos filled with remorseful tears : whon I thought how good and loyal ho had always boon to mo, and how 1 treaohorously I was fronting him, all for tho sake of ono who did not value , my efforts on hor bolialf no more than if - thoy had novor cost mo a thought, a penny, or atoar! I saw hor looking linrd at mo once or twioo. Evidently elio lookod to me to gat mysolf out of tho scrnpa as host .1 could, as usual; but for onco I was ' firm. Why should I always bo hor scapo- > goat, hor cat's paw, oven although I was hor only child? And I roturned :. her look with ono of Btony indiffer- onco. I did not intend to move, no, nor to lift a finger to savo mysolf. I know .. that my fato tromblod in tho balance. Wero Hugh, or Jack Hnro, or any of my friends to enter tho noxt room, at tho door of which I sat sentry, tho whole affair of the sale of the necklace would bo known to overyono in five , minutos. ; Just at this crisis Hugh was cnllod away, and left mo with many tondor : . npologios. Oh, littlo he guossod how -v much more freely I broathod as I saw him vanish towards tlio ball-room ! ... Prosoutly Lady Lorraino roso, and . oamo towards mo with graceful deliberation. wnat ao you moaui" sno wius- ' pored, impatiently, as sho stood bosido me in tho doorway. 'Whoro is this old woman ? Show lior to mo ! 1 "beckoning rao to hor with an impera tive gosturo of hor hand. ' You will soo hor soon enough,' I answered. ' Sho is at the ond thoro, next tho door, and looks as if biig wero asleep.' ' Oh ! it's Mrs. Monoybngs. Luckily I know Lor,' said Lady Lorraino, in a low tono; thon aloud, ' Doar Mrs. Moneybags, this is nu unoxpootod ploasuro. Whoro did you como from?' ' Oh, Lady Lorraino ! ' blinking and delighted at this gracious notice. ' I camo from town. I'vo a nophow in tho rogimont. Thoy havo done every thing vory well, havo they not? I 1 wondor when supper will bo servod.' 'Vory soon, I bolievo. What magnificont diamonds, my doar Mrs. Monoybags ; thoy aro suporb ! ' . ' Yes, they aro,' smiling a fat, com placent smilo. ' But how dangerous of you to wear what is not your own ! ' 'What do you mean?' becoming purplo. 'I mean that that neeklaco belongs to a vory noar rolativo of mino. She left it at Gold and Onyx to bo oleanod. Sho will be surprisod when oho hears of this ; in fact, sho is prosont at tho ball. If I wore you I would not let her boo it ; sho is quito capable of fly- \- ing nt you, and making a regular sceno. You havo not bought the noclc- 'laco, purely ? It is valued at twenty . thousand pounds ! ' 'Oh, doar mo, doar me!' said' tho now terrified Mrs. Monoybags, shak ing all over like a shape of jolly. 'This is terrible! No; I hired it for ""tho night from Gold and Onyx for twenty-live pounds.' 'A smart sum; but, speaking as your friend, my doar madam, I would strongly adviso you to take it off and put it in your pookat bofore it is seen. It is a well-known nooklaoo down hore — yos, and in London.' ' If you would be so very kind as to unfasten it I will <lo ae you say,' re turned tho trombhng Mrs. Money bags ; ' or porhaps tho young lady,' looking nt mo, ' will bo so kind,' and I wns so kind. 1 unfastonod tbo olasp with tho groatoBt alacrity, and placod tlio nook laoo in hor hand. ' Put it away — hide it ! ' I oould not rosist saying in my oagernoss. ' For goodnoss sake don't let it bo seen ! ' w 'Is sho coining?' stammered Mrs. Moneybags, looking about in great alarm. ' Do you see her ? ' ' No ; but you must bo cautious. I know slio would bo furious with Gold and Onyx if sho knew that thoy hired out lior neeklnoo by tho night.' 'Yos; I would not wondor if she took nn notion against them,' supple mented hor ladyship, calmly — ' against thom and you, so do bo oaroful.' With this remark sho turnod away, leaving tho old lady with very littlo ujjpubibu tui Poor Mrs. Moneybags. I was sorry for hor, and only that I was afraid sho might rnaka somo awkward confi dences I would havo despatched Hugh himself to oscort hor in to euppor. ' You soo how clovorly I cau raanago things ! ' said my mother. ' I novor lose my norvo and my wits as you do. Why, your vory face as you stood at that door was onougli to arouso any- ono's suspicions. No, you have not a scrap of pluck or presonce of mind ; so different to mo — my courage invariably risos to tho oooasion.' ' Very likely ; but you soem to havo had plenty of praotioo. I have not, and I hope I may novor requiro to bo a proficient in tlio art of dissimulation.' Lady Lorraino looked at mo sharply; and said, — 'This is no way to speak to mo. Hero is a protty roturn to mo for help ing you out of an awkward scrape.' ' Which I only got into for your solo benefit,' I promptly replied. 1 And now that I havo saorificod my diamonds for you I think you might at lonBt rolonso mo from my promise, and lot mo toll Hugh. Tho diamonds may go ; I do not grudge them, nor tho tonvs and trouble you havo cost mo. Hut mothor, I appoal to you, by any affection you over boro for mo whon you say I was a pretty littlo flaxon-liairod baby, lot mo toll Hugh.' I cannot onduro to deceivo him; it will break my heart if I lose his con fidence and respect.' ' No, you cannot toll Hugh yot ; in time you shall. At present, if you told him it would ruin me.' ' But I know ,' I bogan. ' I know for an absoluto fact that his knowlodgo of my Booret would bo fatal to my happiness.' ' And what of my happiness, mothor ? ' I askod, with trembling lips and moist, imploring eyes. 1 When you look at me liko that you are tho imago of your Aunt Annie ? ' ' Who died !' ' Yos, tho little gooso. Sho took a lovo affair to lioart.' 'I shall die, too, if this goes on; this doublo-doaling will kill me.' 'Not at all, you aro tough, like mo; our dolionto looks aro a delusion. As to your hnppiuoBs, as you call it, about which' you aro so tearfully anxiouB ; you havo beauty and youth — they are happiness.' 'I bolievo happiness to be a ghost,' I exclaimed impatiently. 'Everyone lias hoard of it, but fow, if any, have ovor soon it.' ' What nn odd iden. Well, I am not going to stay moralising horo any longer. I bolievo that I am hungry. I bolievo I soo Captain Oardonoming to toko me in to supper. Good-byo, my little dreamer.' I stood nnd watched her graceful figuro aud long satin train gradually pnss from sight, and thon I sat down, all alono. Any appetite I had had for sweots and ioos my mothor had most effectually dispelled. ' What, all alone,' said Hugh, ' and buried in a brown Btudy ? On, oomo, tnis win nevor ,ao. uorno, rouso up, and have somo supper. I havo mado up a jolly littlo party. Tho Rosos, Jnok, Viviau, and mysolf and yoursolf. I havo beon hunting for you every where, for Jack told mo ho thought ho saw you dancing in tho last Lnncers.' I suffered myself to be lod away, nnd under the influence of Hugh's really anxious attentions, and the mirth of a vory young party, I soon boonmo something more liko mysolf, especially nB that now horrid word — to mo — tho word "diamonds," was not uttored in my hearing for the remain der of tho night. After tlio grand, mueh-prnisod Eogi- mental Hall all went smoothly for a wook. Thoro was not a singlo ripple on tho surfaco of our life, nothing to donoto tho gathering storm which was coming up so Buroly and so spoodily. Poor littlo imhcoile that I was, I bo- liovod that tho worst was now tided ovor. Lady Lorraine onco more loft mo ontiroly to myself. Ton days hftor tho provorbial cnlm tbat fororuns a storm camo to an ond, and a tempost burst over my devoted head that swept mo away from my happy homo, liko a loaf that flutters iu tho blast. oltaitek xli. Ono day Hugh wont to London, wont by tbo oarly oxpross, as I had onco done — though I did not impart this news to him, as I drovo him to the station and saw him off. ' Eaneo,' ho said, as I stood with my hand on the door of tho railway carriago, ' I shall be back by the 4.50 train, and I am going to bring you something nico, so you may speud your Jday in expectation of a delight ful surprise.' Accordingly I did spend my day in wondering vory . much what this "somothingnico" could bo. , Tho tram would not bo in till after six, and as it was a pouring wot afternoon I did 'not again go out, but wntohod from tho army-room window, and flew to open the door mysolf whon a fly from tho station stoppod at our house. Of courso" it contained Hugh. Having flung tho man some coin ho hastily ontorod tho houso, snying, as ho walked past mo, "Follow mo in hero." This was vory odd behaviour. Luckily Harris was not in tho hall, nnd I followod my lord and master into the dining-room in considerably tropidation ; and no wonder. His voico was ominous — his countenance blaolcor than a thunder-oloud. Onco fairly, in tho room ho rushed past me' and shut tho door ; and thon turning about, took mo by the hand and led, or indood almost dragged, me to the window ; whoro, by the now fast- fading light, ho surveyed mo for some seconds in silence. 'What does this mean?' I de manded at last, unable to bear tho Btrain of suspense and the appalling agitation that Boemod to overwhelm him. I Tf <m Anna ' 4»o un?/l in fl IflTT. Lllf. perfectly distinot voioe, ' that I have found you out ! ' I was conscious of becoming bold all ovor; and, no. doubt, as he made this announcement, ovory ' particlo of colour sank from my abominably tell tale countenanco. ' Yos,' ho said, with a grim smilo, that was positively ghastly. ' I in tended a nico littlo surprise for you to day. I found, to. my cost, that the boot was on tho other foot, that you had arranged a similar affair for ms — a Burpriso with a vongoanoo ! ' ' Toll mo what you moan ? ' I in quired, plucking up a little spirit; there was no uso in lying down and being trampled upon. I intondod to try nnd show, if possible, my mother's qualities whon sho found herself in hot wator — those qualities that sho so much prided herself upon— to wit, plunk, coolness, and presence of mind. ' I moan that I have discovered why you woro unable to wear your diamond nocklace. You could not well wear what was not in your possession. You havo sold it ! ' ' Yos ; I liavo raised money on it,' I fnltorod, suddenly Bitting down in tho nearest chair. ' xou navo aoooivod mo trom nrst to last, you false, wicked girl ; and by a more accidont I havo found out some of your practices,' ho said, hoarsely. ' My oyos have boon openod, once for all, and I, am 'amnzod that you, a Bimplo — ns I thought — timid, inex perienced child, could havo the bold ness and resource of an accomplished intriguer. Let mo toll you how muoh I know, so that you may understand how littlo you and I are going to havo to say to oaoh other for tho future. You aro as muoh dead fto mo now as my wife, though you sit thoro nlivo and looking at mo, as if you wero lying in your coffin. No! you nood not try to spank, extenuation is out of the question. I have the ovidenco of my own senses — hearing and seeing. You told many lies, you havo hood winked mo completely ; you shall nevor have tho chance of doing so again.' 'What lies have I ovor told?' I asked defiantly: " "They aro almost too numerous to count, but I may mention tbo fablo about your necklace tho night of tho ball, and tho solemn promise you made about Lady Lorraino aud broke ; you had the assurance to deny that you met whilst I was away.' ' No ; I only said I did not write to hor — that I did not go to hor houso.' 'There, no more,' interrupting me impatiently. ' Shall I tell yoji-what I did in London to-day?" Like a pre cious idiot, I was anxious to mako you somo prosont, as a reward for having kept your promise about Lady Lor raino. With this virtuous intention in my mind I went from one jeweller's Bhop to another, looking at tho win dows to see if I oould discover some protty thing that would suit your tasto, and my purso. 'Finally I eamo to the establish- lUUUv OI luagSlSi uOlu UUU VylljAj ULiU found a littlo crowd, who were gazing at something displayed in one of the windows. I elbowed my way among them, nnd to my surprise I found that tho vory pretty thing that they wore admiring was ho more or less than your ncoMaco ! ' At first I thought it might bo an imitation. I could soarcely credit my own oyos, belioving as I did so firmly that it was lying in your dressing-case at Southsea, with a broken olasp. How- over, I thought as I was on the epot I might as well make inquiries, and I wont in and asked one of the assist ants if I might bo allowed to look at tho splendid diamonds that w9ro dis played in tho window to the left. I soon had the nooklaoo spread before mo, nnd thoro was no doubt whatever that it was tho Indian neoklaoo— and yours. ' After this I asked for a privato intorviow with tho head of tho firm, and was closeted for somo timo in a bnck room with Mr. Gold. At first ho was inclined to refuse mo information, merely saying that it was partly their property, and that thoy had advanced a very largo sum on it to a lady, whoso name thoy would not divulge. .'I then produced my card, and asked him if the lady's nnino was not the samo ns my own. I told him that I was ready to swear that the diamoud necklace was my wife's proporty, and then I bogged that, in all confidence, he would toll mo how it camo into his possession. 'Think,' ho said, turning fiercely on mo, ' of having to bog of a strangor to admit mo into his confidence in a matter connected with my own wifo ! ' He pausod and wiped hie forehead, and then resumed, speaking very rapidly,— ' Ho told mo that my surmiso was correot; that threo weeks previously a lady aud gentleman had como to gether and offered the diamonds for salo ; that tho lady was young and closely veiled, , tho gentleman a. good deal her senior ; that he had managed tlio entire transaction, and proved a very keen ouatomor. However, tho diamonds were magnificont. There was not such another nocklace in tho country. Thon, to- prove his words, ho produced a writton rooeipt for six thousnnd pounds, signed in a vory trembling sorawl, which I recognised for yours ; but this was not all. Ho showed me a kind of doed, jointly signed by you and Torpiohon, under taking to pay interest for a year ; and if tho neoklace wns not reclaimed by the ond of that period, to give it up on payment of a further sum of money. ' You may or may not imagine the blow all this was to me. For somo time I sat stupefied, and then I glanced at tho date. It was a date 'I remem bered, for I had boon in town on business that very day myself. ' I had come across Torpiohon, lunohing with a_ mysterious veiled lady ; and little did I iruess. ns I stood within n vnrd of hor, that that lady wns my own wifo ! I don't remember how I got out of Gold and Onyx's shop. I dare say the crowd outside, who were gaping at tho neoklnce again'displayed in the window, took mo for a drunken man. I had soourod the number of the olioquo paid to you, and I drove straight to Ooutts's Bank, and had an interview with the manager, mv objeot being to find out if you had drawn the money out in your own name, or made it payable .to anyone else. I found that, tho monoy had beoa mado over intact to the signature of Olive Lorraine, and that she had oashed it. I saw the oheque. I held it in my own hands ! ' ' He paused and struggled with some choking of his breath, nnd did not speak for seyoral seoonds. I was literally dumb. My tongue olove to the roof of my mouth, as if it was paralysed. ' Now, what I havo to find out is — needless to ask you— why you. secretly pawned your diamonds, and made ovor such a sum as six thousand pounds to Lady Lorraine, a stranger to you six months ago. No ono gives without a return of some, kind nowadays. You puiur mui money uown xor value reooivod. What value? I ask my self. Lady Lorraine is in possession of some soorot of yours. That sum was hush-money, the price of hor silonce — a large prico — and the secret must be worth that muoh to you. ' Lady Lorraine is a bad woman ! So aro you ! Birds of a feather flook together! Ralph Torpiohon is your lover. Lady Lorraine has you both in hor power. Sho has hinted at dis closing cortain facts to me; and conse quently you and ho hurry up to Lon don. He naturally transacts your business— sells your diamonds for you, and you are thus enabled, with a good round sum, to stop her ladyship's mouth ! 'You soo I have unravelled tho whole story quite easily, and it vory nico story it is! Ono thing— it shall not come into tho papers. I would die rather than have my name dragged publicly through tho gutter, whatever may have happened to it in private. So I shall not divorco you, nor take legal prooeodinge in .the matter. I shall keep you under my own oyo, ohained up, figuratively speaking, as if you wero a dnngorous animal. As to your cousin and lover, I shall invite him over to France, and shoot him.' ' Hugh ! Hugh ! ' I cried, rising and gasping for breath. 'You aro all wrong — wrong. I am innocent, and so is Ralph; but I am killed by a soorot that is not mine.' ' Innocont. Oh, of course, you all say that. How innocent of you to steal up to London alono with him to pledge your diamonds. Oan you deny that ? No, it would be folly.' 'I did go to London. I did pledge tho diamonds.' "Thank you. I am already in possession of thoso facts.' /But that is nil. Oh, Hugh,' seizing «» j- imqiiuio you io oenove me. I have lost my diamonds. I havo lost my peace of mind for months. Oh, don't let me lose you too.' ' Don't touch me ! ' ho oxclaimed, pushing me rudely away. ' Keep your tears and caresses to yourself ; ' it makos me sick with shame to soo you. Horo, go up to your own room, and stay thoro till I have had time to col- loot my thoughts, and arrange what I am to do with you. At this moment I fool ae though I was going mad,' and indood ho lookod liko it. I believe he gave out to the servants that I was vory ill, and indeed I was. I remained in my room for three days, and saw no ono but my own maid, who was unusually cool and stiff in her manner. I wrote a despairing noto to Lady Lorraine, imploring hor to release mo from my promise, and each hour I looked for nn auswor, but none came. At tho ond of tho threo daye I was nearly frantic, as may bo imagined. On tho evening of the third I rocoivod a pencillod noto from Hugh, which snid : — " Come dowu to the drawing-room at half-past eight o'clock. — H. H." And to the draw ing-room I repaired with a heating heart. I felt, and no doubt lookod, ill, but I was quito shookod by tho chango thoso throo days had already wrought in Hugh. Ho looked ten years older, aud worn nnd haggard, and inexpressibly stern. This was not Hugh— tho Hugh that I knew ? This was surely his older brother, and another person. ' Sit down,' ho said, pointing to a oliair, 'for what I havo to any will take some timo. I have beon making inquiries about you from the servants ; yos, I havo actually stooped to that ! ' and ho pausod and looked at mo. ' I cannot fall muoh lower, and it is you who havo dragged me down. Luokily this terrible thing that has exploded my hopes is unknown to my brother officers— few are in the seoret; only you and I, Torpiohon, . Lady Lorraine -and tho servants.' f'l'o he continued ./ 