THE BOOKMAKER AND THEEVANCEMST. Br Javelin. It has become an established custom tor busi ness men . in almost every branch of trade to adopt some sensational means of endeavoring to liven things up a bit in dull times. Thus "between the seasons" the draper announces "discounts for cash" of gignntio proportions, unaor wmon lavorauie conditions tor puronasers "the whole must be cleared to make room for new shipments/ &c.;, &c.;" These annually recurring- " clearing out sales " are as regular as the farewell performances of certain favorite actors, past and present, being simply, means adopted to stir up business when timos are bad, and it is a somewhat remarkable faot that the trader during tho month of a "clearing out sale " is generally buying stock heavily all the time. Once convince the public that tlioy are getting something out of the common and you have them "by the wool." Business in the evangelistic lino must surely be dull at the pre sent time, necessitating a "startling novelty," which Mr. Varloy has supplied in the form of a penny pamphlet, entitled The Bookmaker or Turf Secrets Revealed. Tho author devotes himself to endeavoring to provo that bookmaking is unjust and corrupt, that a bookmaker cannot be a Christian, that the turf quotations pub lished by tho pros3 are false and misleading, and he asks Sir William Clarke, Mr. Byron Moore and - Mr. Donald Wallaco whether their consciences are asleep or dead, that they consent to give their "patron age aud influence to this social scandal." When I read the words quoted I' couldn't help smiling at the thought of tho " patronage " con ferred upon the ring by tho owner of Mentor and Carbine, who,' during the last two years, has made a raid' on the shekels of the "ungodly," which, if frequently repeated, would soon briug about tho diminution in tho number of book makers' licenoes so earnestly wished for by the evangelistic turf contributor Mr. Varley, like all zealots, sets moderation at defiance, and wados in bald headed to his task of condemning tho bookmakers,- one and all, and, of course, trotting out the well worn "social vampire" epithet. Mr. Varley having taken up a subject of which ho evidently knows nothing, has of necessity proaurcd his data secondhand, tho con sequence being a series of blundering misstate ments, such as may invariably bo discovered when the cobbler ceases to stick to his last, the tailor to his gooso, or tho butohor to his cleaver. Ho admits that "the facts and Borne of the statements givon in this paper have been fur nished by a gentleman who for many years has been familiar with bookmakers and bookmakiug, and who regards the bookmakers' calling as utterly vile and dishonest." An unsuccessful punter surely I One of thoso Quixotic gentlemen who, having dorised to their own satisfaction a scheme for breaking tho ring, liavo bumped up against a windmill. I have mot plenty of them, and having got the worst of tho deal probably through their own ignorance and folly they have invariably tho most bitter things to Bay of the ringmcn whose money they have failed to win. Moat unsuccessful backers I havo found to be "squeakers." Mr. Varley's un sophisticated mind has been stored with a lot of misleading twaddlo by his informant, and had the evangelist's path of life lain on the race course instead of the platform, ho would prob ably have dropped across his friend engaged in " telling the tale " to unsuspecting backers in conjunction with a pah To commence with, the statement that the turf quotations published by the leading nowspapers before a big meeting " are intended to mislead and deceive the pub lic" is absolutely false, and in the course of his numerous misstatements the author holds him self up to ridioule. He affirms that bookmakers sucpiy tho press with inoorroct quotations for nefarious purposes of their own, and in his sim plicity assumes that no check is placed upon thoso prices which aro quoted in the papors as being on offer before an important raco is to be run. Mr. Varloy may perhaps be excused for being igno rant of tho fact that there are three clubs in Melbourne — tho Victorian Club, Bowes's Tatter- sails and Manders' Tntttersalls— at whose rooms representatives of tho press make themselves acquainted with butting market operations, and an experienced sporting press man need meet with no troublo in supplying his readers with correct and legitimate quotations. The cry about bogus prices is too absurd to be believed by anybody who kuows how kceu is tho competi tion amongst ringmen nowadays. Tho sporting evangelist's ideas of how stable secrets arc revealed aro equally funny. Bookmakers' touts, he assures his readers, visit all tho stables and obtain private information day by day from theso sources, their business being to plan deceits and frame seducing statements so as to deceive and mislead the public. By what means these seduc ing and deceptive statements are mado public < Mr. Varley doeB not apparently deem it worth whileto inform us, but judging by the tenor of his tirado generally I apprehend that' ho imagines a sinister arrangement to exist whorcby the press and tho ring stand in with each other to misload the public. Tho chapter in which this amateur fielder assumes to show how tho bookmaker " gets round " is immense. Ho says "Iu the Cup raco 41 horses started, so that 41 men denlinv with the bookmaker and paying £1 I oaoh lose amongst them £35, £6 going to tho winner and £35 into the pockets of the book maker. " There 1 you see how easy it is to make a bepk on evangelical lines. All you have to do is to get tho same amount in it against every Btarter (of course you arc sure to do that 1) and there you aro on velvet, with tho novel ex perience Of the favorito being your best horse 1 Isn't it simple ? And how strange that a simplo minded evangelist should so easily have solved a problem which has puzzled turf statisticians from tho time when Jehu used to scoop tho trotting pools until tho present day. Mr. Varley seems to consider tho bookmaker guilty of a heinous offence who declines to keep on laying one horse as long as the public want to back him. "Why the ringman Bhould not bo expected to regulate the amount of his liability, as a trader does the number and amount of his bills coming due is not vouchsafed to readers of this very comical turf treatise. The accommodating gentlemen who will "lay the favorito till tho cows come homo" are generally of tho welshing order, but the man who makes a legitimate book and intends to pay has tho common sense to regulate his liability. For a man tackling such a subjeot as bookmaking, Mr. Varley discloses an ignorance of arithmetic that is surprising, and which would be fatal to a very small State BWIUUI U1UUU1 ilb 1119 UAUMi, - A Is 1X| lUUUl'Uy lUiSU. nato for him that chance, good luck, or whatever influence may have been at work in shaping his ends, made him a talker rather than a calculator, for he would certainly havo landed " in tho cart " had he attempted to devote his knowledge of arithmetio to- pursuit of the business, of a bookmaker, upon whioh he has the temerity to talk as glibly as though he had been at "this and the next " all his life. Onpage.6 of this extraordinary production appears a stntomont whioh is enough to mako Bishop Colenso turn in his gravo and give our own ; eminent man of figures, H. H. Hayter, tho ague. . Mr. /Varley, complaining of Carbine being quoted ttt.10 to 1 one day and 5 to 1 the next, solemnly calls it "a drop of 100 per cent, in 34 hours!" Iu my igor- ance I had never known before tbatit was possible to take 100 per cent, off any tiling and leave half of it remaining: This manifest, though inadvertent, acknowledgment of ignorance cannot ho excused as a slip or oversight as tho words "dropped a hundred per cent." are repeated in tho next succeeding paragraph. Equally unintentional, no doubt, is the tribute paid to betting men in connection with tho . adjustment of their accounts when Mr. Varley lays stress upon the fact that liabilities incurred in betting are not logitimato or bond fide debts; Thisboing (as it admittodly is) tho case, even Mr. Varley would, if ho hod any knowledgo of the matter at all, surely see something to admire in the way in which a Melbourne Cup settling is conducted. Contracts involving thousands of pounds have been made by a word or nod or a scratch of tho pencil without a wit ness on either side, yet a disputed bet amongst the thousands of wagers mado is a thing seldom heard of, and coses of default when they do occur are muoh less frequently on the Bido of " the ungodly company of bookmakers " than in the camp of " gentleman backers.!? Mr. Varley is singularly unhappy in quoting tho opinion of the . Marquis of Hastings, ; " whoso life," tho benevolent evangelist is choritablo enough to affirm, " was cut short by his own degrading vices." He tell us that the Marquis deolured that " if 10 men started backing horses with a thousand pounds each tbey would have varying fortunes, but in tho end tho bookmakers would have tho whole of the £10,000." If none of the 10 exorcised raoro discretion than did the unfortunate young noblemun to whom this delicate reference is inado there is no doubt tho result would be as suggested, as it needs no ghost como from tho grave to foretell the inevitable fate of tho indiscriminate plunger. It iB not to be supposed that such a diatribe could conclude without introducing tho "hor- riblo example " so dear to tho fancy of tho stump orator, and accordingly the author rings in the "painful story" of two brothers who came from Queensland to see tho IastMelbourne Cup, their joint capital being tho moderate sum of £80. "They backed horses, lost the whole, and had to borrow money from a friend to get back to Brisbane." Shocking, was it not? Then follows the harrowing case of a respectable young carpenter, who drew £90 out of the Savings Bank, "and lost it ail to these social vampires." Evidently young Chips made the too common mistake of believing "he know something." Mr. Varley does not say whotber the young knight of tho jackplane had any more than the £90 to his credit in the bank, or whether ho "wentnap." Presuming his credit balance to have bocn £180 when he drew out and squandered the £90, Mr. Varley's original system of calculation above referred to would show that tho respectable young carpenter's balance has been reduced a hundred per cent, although yet only half consumed. If anything further were required to show the utter recklessness of statement indulged in by Mr. Varloy and his complete ignoronco of facts, one need look no further than to the letter which ho inflicted on theV.RC. secretary on the day after Cup Day, in which ha refers to tho "drink sodden thousands" who " infested Flemington racecourse yesterday." If men ofMr. Varley's Btamp would take the trouble to mix with their fellow men instead of launohingtheir invective verbosity in this ridiculous and reckless manner, they would discover that thero oxists far less than they imagine deserving their re probation. Eminent men of letters whose knowledgo of men and of the world qualified them to express opinions worthy to command respect, have placed on record thoir admiration of the orderly, sober, and generally good be havior of tho vast assemblage at Flemington on Cup Day, and ho who wantonly and unjustly vilifies his fellow man as Mr. Varley has done in the expression referred to can have no claim to the respect of tho community. The fact ot the matter is that Mr. Varley has adopted the wrong liue of argument to be effective, and his wholesale inveotive and illogical vituperation completely fail in their intended purpose. Had he in a moderate and well digested treatise cailod public attention to the fact that horse racing and betting generally had immoderately increased in this colony to the publio detriment, nearly every rational man in the community .would havo agreed with him, but in his irrational attack upon one particular class he has displayed both bitterness and weak ness, and has decidedly foiled his own purpose, I am not going to eulogise tho ring or to defend the morale of tho racocourse generally, but I certainly will maintain that tho man who affirms that no bookmaker can bo a respectable ' member of society cannot possibly be talking ; common senso. The assumption Is just about as sensiblo as Mr. Varley's supposition that jieople . go to Flemington to get drnnk. In the ring a ' in the senate, the mart and elsewhere, there are, of course, black sheep — men who trade on " stiff 'uns," political jobbery, or salted invoices as the coso may be, tho offender in each cose being admittedly a scoundrel . . But would any : just or reasonable man declare that the raor-' chants of Melbourne are a band of disreputable' , thieves and scoundrels, because some ofthom have been fined for endeavoring to defraud the < revenue ? ' As a matter of faot it is a great mis- : take to suppose that on tho turf at the present time tho bookmaker is " chief shark." " Racing has become a business fol lowed by many men as a means of livelihood and in confining his nttack to tho '. ring, sir. varley nas auown tuat ue Knows little indeed of how matters stand. Why t if he only' had about a month's insight into pony racing, and! knew the means frequently adopted by Bome, who engineer those diminutive nteeds with n viow to " taking down the hooks," ho would be appealing to the authorities to protect the "Tommies " as martyrs. As I have' said there aro disreputablo men to bo found in the ring as in every walk of lifo, but wlien I find a man1 who presumes to bo a publio toaolier making-tho statement that "no man can'be a bookmaker and a Christian," I can only feel contempt for tho spirit that could prompt ' such an unohristian like remark. Every man whose experience qualifies him to express an opinion, must know that there are men in the Melbourne ring who carry on their business fairly and honorably, who conduct themselves as reput able eitizans, and who bring up their families in a way that many of thoir detractors might copy with advantage, men who are satisfied to bet for a reasonable profit on figures and who' want no "dead 'uns in the bag." To stigmatise :, these men as ." social vampires" because \ there are fools in / the /world who will bet beyond their means, -is about as reasonable' as it would be to declare every holder, of n publican's licence a social pest because there are sots who insist upon overloading their depraved carcases with beer. Mr. Varley's ' ;' pamphlet is well printed, and ns it contains 16 pages for tho small charge of Id., the mem; bcrsoftlic magio cirolo may thank the irre pressible evangelist for a cheap advertisement just before the " Standish and llagot double" is decided. By the way, on the morning after I read this remarkable production I saw an - acknowledgement of £70 subscribed by book makers at the Victorian Club and Bowes's Tattersalis towards keeping the inmates of the Immigrants' Home in tobacco for tho ensuing year. Mo doubt during the festivo Christmas seasoa those unfortunate wayfarers on life's rough road will be visited by soino who will cheer their too Borrowful lives by reminding , tbem of the wrath to como, but none will be . . more thankfully held in the memory of those poor decrepid sufferers than the "ungodly social vampires" whoso ideas of charity aro of tho practical order. If a poll were to be taken as to who had for years past done most to cheer their livos it would bo odds on the "books" coming out on top, and oven Mr. Varloy, I' suppose, admits that "Oharity coveretb A multitude of sins." . 