A FREE MAEKET The literal meaning of the word ' Fair,' in its commercial sense, is a ' free market.' In other words, a ' fair' means a marlcet at which all and every mv purchase or not without being subjected to fee or tax, and also where all and every can sell witn out any such disabilities as attach to ordinary markets. At one time the fairs in England were great features in the socia and industrial life of the people ; hut, . since the establishment of railways, ana the quicker ino communication which has resulted, these fairs have pretty, well died out, a matter perhaps for regret, in some respects, but inevitable under the envied condition of the national life.* Here in Australia fairs are unknown, indeed Tery little of the old fashioned methods obtain in these fast go-Brhean colonies. Life is not so slow and lethargic as in Europe, and business is done with a movement and force to which, even in this day, few .provincial folk in the old country, are accustomed. This, however, is a necessity, following upon our freer aad more prosperous condition, as well as the awakened energies and intelligence of the last half oen^iry. life, too, thousrh lonser in its average than otir worthy forefathers enjoyed, is atill too short for i slow or cumbrous methods ; and the art now ie sought in all directions to do as Tnn-»Ti m an hour ab 108 years ago was scccunnlMied in a week. This, however, is not a matter fo marvel. If we ire at higher pressure, we obtain higher rewards than the old fo'J: could possibly earn. The average *-'?''» capacity, and therefore of expenditure, is a hundred fold greater, and is more equally distributed than in those **good old daysn- which M*'V»if«f»ii«»o g^p continually regretting— people.bythe way, who are of similar aapless constitution to that of Lord *r«.ra»r» who wrote:— 'Let science, learning, arts and commerce die. But give us back our own nobility.' People nowadays have money to spend, and as educa tion and a higher intelligence hare taught them how to spend it wisely, we find great establishments, such as For ana Gibson's, of Smith street, Collingwood, springing into existence, whose purpose it is to aupply to a well-to-do population, tlie comforts, the necessaries, the elegancies and **»fi»«»wiAnt» of home life. Here we pause to make a correction. We hare said that fairs are unknown in Australia. We are wrong. At this present moment, the firm we have mentioned, Messrs. Foy and Gibson, are, conducting a gigantic Pair, **ifl to use a graphic though perhaps somewhat vulgar, expression, 'it is a sight to do sore eves good.' Any theatrical manager who may Happen past Messrs. For and Gibson*s {Treat shops dunne the day must, indeed, hare a large aud generous mind if he forbear from a sisrh of ex-vy as he notes the throng and press of people into and out of those pices. AH moved by the one impulse— an eager desire to avail themselves of tbeadrantages offered by Foy and Gibson to purr risers during their grsat Fair. To tlie benevolent m-na it must give pleasure to reflect that at least 90 per cent, of these crowds are rendered happier by their attendance at this Fair. The young wife who has become possessed of one of those elegant mantles, of which such numbers of surpassing beauty and grace are exhibited, will have a sirecter temper and more contented spirit than ha- hitiierto ruled her. The matron who has secured one of those splendid Brussels carpets at is. Gd. per yard will feel a greater pride than ever in her home. The country geatltman who has pur chased his suites of furniture for the home o which be shall presently conduct his bride, is tilled with a sense of importance acd responsibility, to wiuchhrtherto, during li&shiitiessslovenly; bachelor days, he has been an utter stranger. In a word, it is impossible for a reflecting observer to look on at the csasdeea influx ana out -flux of visitors to this show to be insensible to the circumstance that these fans serve a higher purpose than perhaps ever entered into the calcula tions of the oziginatoni themselves. Wedonotsup poie that Messrs. Foy and Gibson, when contemplat ing top establishment of these fairs, took into rec koning the philanthropic aspect of the matter. But as a rule moral good follows spun all honourable en terprise, ana Messrs. For and Gibson when they reckon their proBts, may, if they please, add to them th«» important, though intangible balance of an in creased popular contentment. There is another lessontoleara from these fain, and vnaK is, wai in uie nnnas oi capa ore men, no anam, however intricale or complicated, are beyond the influence of method. The rules by which this gnat establishment is governed, arc even aa the laws of the Bfedes and Persians. A nxed system— resuli of long experience- »nd large business ex perience, controls every detail of the busi ness, so that matter? go on like machinery, and to our mind, with much of the throb and pulse of the steam eaguie. Some idea may be farmed by those who have never visited Foy and Gibson's premises of their sire when we inform them that the frontage extends 220ft. to Smith street, and that there is a depth to Little Oxford Btreet of 900ft. The grea show rooms, SITi wilh -h? costliest of fwm'ninr raiment are enormous apartments. We wonder if ghosts of departed belles assemble here o* nights Rnd, amidst dainty silks and TelvetB, anl tacen, and other bewildering matters, taste again some alight flavour of the delight* which once moved them in the flesh. We do not believe in ghosts, but, as we have Mr. Shakespeare1 authority that there are more things in I16&T6D; &Q;& ^mrtti fTniTi sxc drcsmfi of in our phitosophr.it may be on the cards that ghoste of de parted fair ones do revisit these scenes of first delights and mingle in spiritual sympathy vnth the substantial throng at Foy and Gibson's Fairs. 