' Theatrical Topics, Mr. Charles Warner has been engaged for Messrs. Petitt and Harris's aatnmn drama < f it Drnxy Lane. Mr. George Alexander has taken a lease bf tho St. J ames'o Theatre, to commenoo at the end of Mrs. Langtry's tonanoy in Jannary next. Mr. Angnatns Harris, it is roported, wil mount Shakespeare's "Antony and Cleopatra" on the Drnry Lane stage next May, 'with Mr. Arthur Bonrohior us Antony and Mro.,Langtry as Oleopatra. Madamo Sarah Bernhardt, who, though still suffering slightly from a recent accident te her knee, is otherwiso in oxoeUent health, appeared at Her Majesty's Theatre on Jnne 23, under the direotion of Mr. M. L. Mayor, in the obaractor of Jeanne d'Aru. Mies Grace Hawthorne will, it is stated, shortly take her company on tour in tha pro vinces, after whioh she will play a bt ief starring engagement in America and Australia, return ing to London in October next year to take possession of a new theatre whioh is beiig erected for her on a site not far from Piccadilly Circus. Mr. Jerome's faroioal pieoe " New Lamps for Old," has been worked up into sunh a success at Terry's Theatre, London, now under the management of Miss Cissy Grahams, that arrangements have been made by Mr. H. T. Brick well for an autnmn tour, whioh will em brace most of the prinoipal towns in the kingdom. Mr. and Mrs. Kendal had a " home-welcom ing" at tho Whitehall Rooms of tho Hotel Metropole on Jnne 26, whoro there was a large gathering of their professional brethren and private friends to oongratulate them on' tho success of their recent American tonr, and on their safe restoration to the playgoing public on this side of tho Atlantio. Snot, the aotor, like many of his profession, was often in pecuniary difficulties. One very wet night he arrived at Drnry Lane Theatre soaked >0 the skin ; a sheriff's officer, who had been on the lookout for him (but who was unacquainted with hiB person), went up to the comedian, asking whether he was Suet, to whioh tho persecnted pro. made reply, " No, sir ! I am 1 dripping.' " Miss Hattie Harvey, an aotreas, who has been storting in the Western States of Americi, in a play called " The Little Tramp," sailed on the TTmbria reoently for Europe. She went on the invitation of Mme. Patti to visit her at her castle in WaleB. Mme. Patti, while in Chiiago last Deoember, witnessed the performance of Miss Harvey, and took snoh a fanoy to her that she insisted that she Bhonld become her gneBt for the summer. Mr. Henry M. Stanley has acoepted the dedi- oation.of an Amerioan drama, written by Miss Julia Agnes Fraser (daughter of Major- Ganeral Simon Fraasr), who is the anthor of Beveral other dramaB and oomedieB whioh have met with a favonrable reception, and attained con siderable success on their production, both in Scotland and England. Miss Fraser has also written many short stories. Having sold the Amerioan rights of "The Idler " for an exceptional amount, and arranged with Mr. George Alexander for the production of the drama in London, young Haddon Cham bers has gone down to Birohington- on-Saa, where, when not enjoying the promenade by "thesad sea waves," he is busily engaged upon a new and original oomedy, and al-o an adaptation of Dnrran'j melodrama, " Devant l'Ennemi." The original of the Amerioan eccentric oomedy " Casting the Boomerang," ia which tbe Daly Company have appeared at _ the Lyoenm, ia Sohonthan's "Sohwaben Slreiah" (a "Swabian," that is, "a foolish" action), wbioh is a very popnlar stock pieoe in the German theatres". It mnst not be confounded with Herr Gassmann's historioal c >medy, " Sohwaben -Streiohe." "Casting tbe Burner- aog" gave plaoa on Taesday, the 24th Jane, to "Nanoy and Co." The following tonk plaoe at an amateur per formance of " Hamlet." In the first aot Ham let, in alluding to the ghost, asks Horat.io, " Stay'd it long ?" And Horatio replies, " As ' one with moderate heats might tell a hundred." Marcnllus then should say, " Longer, longer \- bnt not doing so, tho" prompter whispered, " Longer, longer, longer, ionobe !" whereupon ' the yonng Horatio rose to the emergensy and exclaimed," Well, say, perhaps, two hundred." Madame Sarah Bernhardt has had a gruesome and startling offer from an Amerioan showman. Onr Paris correspondent says that when she was seriously laid np with a bad leg there was a report that amputation might be found neces sary. ' This piece of news was promptly oabled to the United States, and the notion at onoe occurred to a showman to bay, embalm, and exhibit the limb in the event of its being am putated. A large sum was offered, witb a , share in tho profits of the exhibition. The English system of selling programmes to theatre-goers does not prevail in America, because managere there can make more money by soiling the privilege of providing free pro grammes to a printer, who recoups himself by- Belling epaoe to advertisers. It is a pioayunish business, however, for a theatre' whioh boasts of its handsome appearance and disregard of expense where the pleaanro of its patrons is concerned, and the leading eastern Amerioan theatres are substituting neat oatds for the cheap and bulky advertising- sheets that theatre goers have had to put np witb. ' Negotiations are taking plooe whioh, if sno- oeesful, will astonish the world — of Paris. It is a well known faot that a new play by Sardou and Dumas — and so the best, examples — fails to aeoure a full paying house after the twentieth or thirtieth representation. To fill np the gap in tbehonse, 1o prevent the beggarly account of empty benohes, the managers of theatres sow free tiokets broadcast. The chamber mast be furnished with guests even if the highways and byways have to be beaten np. The solution for this augmenting evil is to simply rednoe prices 50 per cent. A pretty thing was said by a London news paper on Mary Anderson's wedding day. "To-day," observed the gallant "editor, "there are two eclipses — one of the sun, the other of a star;" Thus pleasantly he alluded to the marriage and consequent retirement from tho stage of. Mies Anderson. Another faoetion8 editor, however, does not ece.'that the marriige of " onr Mary" neoetsarilv invelvee her retire ment. He, indeed, said that it would not sur prise him should both husband and wife be found playing in tbat find old English comedy, " The Honeymoon." A' theatrical paper gives tho following appetising description of a new play whioh 'was brought out at the Cardiff Theatre: — V ' Dangers of London ' has an interesting and intelligible story. Its list of characters con tains the hero and the villain, the desigmng woman, the olever chambermaid, the pair of lovers; and the ubiquitous and ill-used wife. A novelty is the utilisation for Btage purposes of t a phonograph, which bot'lea up the worda of the Iago of tho play. Those, when repeated lter on by tho instrument, seoure the aoquittal : of the innooent and the oonviotlon of the ' guilty." ' 1 j Dramatio literature- is at present a enbjeot of aente discussion. It does seem odd that the natural English product should bo so rare, and jthat we should be oompelled to trust to the . translations and adaptations from foreign .works. The partnership between Messrs. Gil bert, and Sullivan gave some promise that a vigorous English school was to bs formed, but the notorioueiy absurd ourpot dispute seems to ' hhve upstt that hope, at loast for a limn. The \- sew and origins! English play, " Judah," seems weak from a literary point of view, but its 'performance at the Shaftesbury Theatre is ( vivid enough'. The readings from "Maoboth," whioh Mr. Irving and Miss Ellen Terry have been giving in the oonntry wore repeated twico only in .London — that is, at St James's Hall, on Jnno 26 and July 16, between whioh dates it was ar ranged, as already stated, that tho Lyceum 00m- pany would appear for 12 nights at the Grand Theatre, Islington, commencing on Monday, Jnne 30. At St. James's Hall, Sir Arthur , Sullivan's music was performed by a full oroheetra numbering 60 performers. In the country the readings attraotod everywhere crowded audienoes. _ The autumn season at the Lyoenm will begin in tho latter days of Beptnm- ber, when the theatre will re-open with Mr. Merivale's long-expeotod version of " The Bride of Lnmmormoor." 