Turt Notes. [By 'Hu'Parion.'] This Qutjftusland Turf Oluh aud tbo Brisbane Drfvipg. Park Club simultane ously published their .respective pro grammes for their usual August meetiug ou Saturday morning. - The following Is tbe bill of fere presented by 'he Drlviug Park Club for August 16th, (Saturday be. fore Exhibition week Maiden Trot. 26 so vs., the gift of Mr. W. Mooney, 2 miles, harness only ; Exhibition (Selling) Plate, j An antra ft fnrlntui ? TlrloinD Parb DnnH Handicap, 60 snvs., 1 mile 1 furlong ; ! Driving Park Handicap Trot (Time) I ! 60 sovs., 3 miles; Welter Handicap, I 4(1 sovs., 1 mile ; Pony Trot Hundirap, 1} mile, 20 sovs, ; President's Handicap, 41) sovb., | mile. Nimiinnl i'-ns for all bnudicaps July 22nd. Weights, August Slh. Tiux aliiiwaucs f.ir Trot, July 31st. Accuptmio k »ml general entry Auguetl2th, Added moiny£295. The Queensland l'urf Club programme reads as follows Trial Piute 70 aovs., special w f.i., for horses tliHt have not won au adveilisH pn z 'on tile flat over 100 sovb. iu valoi ,1 mile ; Flying Handi cap, 60 sovs.. § mile; Bocklea Plat-* (handicap hurdiex). 80 sovs., about 2 I miles ; Queensland Turf Ciub Handicap, 200 sovs., ljmile ; First Selling Race, 50 sovs., 5 furlongs; Visitors' Plate, 80 sovs , for tbreeyear-olne only, 7 furlongs. Second Day. — Asc-it Mut.dicip, 70 sovs., I mile ; Second Belling Race, 50 sovs.. 7 furlongs; Exhibition Handicap, 150 sovs., 1 mile ; Pytchley Plale (handicap hurdleB), 100 sovs., 2[ mile ; Welter Handicap, 70 sovs,, 1 mile ; Stand Platp, 50 eovs , (handicap) 7 furloug'. Nomina tions for Queensland Turf Club Handi cap, Welter, and Exhibition Handicap, on Tuesday, July 22ud. Weights ou August 5tb. Acceptances and general entry, August 12tb. Tbe added money comes to £lt)30. When at the post, starting for the District Plate at Warwick, Magic lashed out viciously and kicked W. Gentle's bay gelding, Banger, somewhere in the reeion of the heart. Ranger ran in the race and finished fourth, but on arriving at Toowoomba that evening, he took ill and died, in spite of all tbat could be doue for bim, about midnight. Whether the kick bad anything to do with tbe horse's death, I don't know, but be is dead anyway, and tbe loss is not a little one to Mr. Gentle. Ranger, it will be remembered, won tbe Harkaway Hurdles at tbe late Q.T.C. meetiug in May. Our leadiug eporriug journal the Courier, witb its rehashes, Quetmlander and Observer, informed us in its issue of Fridav that ' weights for the Maribyr nong Plate would be declared on Monday, Juni 23.d,' but omitted to Bay wheu Mr. B ruard would publish bis handicap for the V.R.C. Derby, to be run tbe same day as ibe Maribyrnong Plate. A. Harrington tells uae he intends felehine bis horses back to Queensland before tbe November meetiug, and keep ing tbem at home in future, a bit of news which is encouraging junt now, when Vietoriau and New South Wales agents are scouring Queensland in search nf good horses, aud ottering wbHt a few' se.ieons back would have been considered fabulous prices for our best performers Greygown wms sold for 600 guiaeas to W. Muggri ige only the other day. Twelve hundred guineas was offered for Mega phone, and only tbat his owner, Charlie Brown, iB a genuine spoilsman and an enthusiast, wbo races for tbe love ot tbe race, and tbe racehorse himself, whom be looks upon more as a frieud than as a dummy or mere instrument of gambliug, Megaphone, too. would bave gone where Greygowu went. Honest Ned was sold to go to India, at a price tbat must keep M. D'Arcy's boota constantly filled witb ~be briue ot aneuisn and remorse. In deed, and in parenthesis, Ibere is little doubt tbat tbis sale of Honest Ned is at tbe bottom of D'Arcy's resolution to gft. rid of bis horses in training. Theorist left us mouths ago, probably for good — or ill ; and only tbeotberday Master Walter aud Maz -ppa went down to Muggndge's place at, Caulfield, and wo «r-' not iikely to see cither colt agaiu. M'Gili talks of alnvlve month's sojourn iu New South Wales with Lyndhurst, La Grange, and Granocbeeler, aud in tbe face of this exodus in esse aud pohse, aud the risk we ruu of all our goou horses being snapped up hy Victorian and Southern capitalists, are wc not justified in killiug the fatted calf ou the return of our prodigal son Atie, with his team from New South Wales. Little Jeannie, negotiations for whose purchase by a Victorian owner were entered into after her Moretou Handicap victory and on tbe strength of her sister hood to the Caulfiold Cup winner, Little Jack, has not yet been sold. Tbe assumed uame of ' Mr. Frank Marsden' bas been registered. Southerners, returned from the Mary borough aud Gympie meetings to their Brisbane quarters, speak highly 'if Willoughliy Elliot's geldmi? (or coil?) Ormonde, who, tliey aver, would make bis murk down lu re f properly brought oul, aud frotn li is breeding, indeed, be ought to be e.bove the average a little : — By Otbell - (full brother to My Lord aud Sir Olivei) outnfFarewellby Agatnemnon (imp) out of Silver Fox's dam (Youug Mionsiiine) by BirHerculeR — Moousbine by Knits' Emigrant out nf old Monnshiile hy Theorem (imp). Both sire and dam, moreover, showed good form ill public, for Ol hello was h brilliant race h rse, aud Farewell a really good mare, but au unlucky chip. Maryborough aud Uyinpie racegoers may well remember her carry ing tbe now faded colours tbat will Ji isb by the po*t no more — lliejacket and cap that Cynthia ani Potentate, and Tlie Piper made famous iu days tbat seem at once like yesterday aud a hundred years ago. Tbe Toowoomba Turf Club advertise their UBUal show week race meeting, which falls this year on August 15. The added money comes to £200. and the principal events are a hurdle race nf 60 sovs, and the August Handicap (flit race) 65 govs. Entries for Mackay handicaps on J uly 8th. Ascot races last week, On Tuesday Her Majesty's Vaee, wou by the handicap horse Tyrant, a five year old son of Beauclere (son Of Rosicruciau) his dam Queeu of the Meadows by King of Trumps (son of Velocipede, and grandson of Blacklock's Slmoniau hy St. Simon, two- years, won the twenty fifth Biennial. The Ascot Stakes fell to the useful Li.i'd Lome, a four year-old son of Hampton. A moderete lot seems to have started for the tbree-year-old Prince of Wales Stakes, for whieh Alloway, a fair performer, by Sainfoin's sire Hpringfield, came in firsl, in front of Blue Green, whoso defeat makes the three-year old form of the season ralher in-and-out, and therefore, probibly rather moderate thaw super ex cellent., If the son of Ceruleiis was at bis lust, for his running with Memoir aud LeNord makes him not far below the top of tbe tree. Lord Harrington's Morion by Harcaldine, out of Chaplet, won the Jioyal Hunt Cup, Ibe Australian filly, L'idy Betty, finishing fifth. The Ascot Cup, no longer a classic race exccpt In name, tbe competitors for si.mc years back, as in the Goodwood ami Doncaster Cups, seldom including any thing betl«r than handicap horses, was won by Gold, son of Stirling and Lucella, a colt who bas once or twice shown him self able to gallop, but where farm 1b very far from fl ret class. The Australian Derby colts did not ruu in all probability during tl-» meeting James Dlver'e Guescard, by Windnm (aire of Surefoot) won the High weight Pluto ou tbe last day of tbe ' Royal' meeting, tbe N itrate King's Mirror, hv Speculum, second, and tbe Australian mare, Ludy Belty, third. Twelve ;an. The next meeting of im portance in tbe old country is tbe New market July, wben the ChoBterfleld, Exeter, and New Stakes will Introduce some fresh two-year- olda. The Huuth Melbourne football team iiiMue t, uuiy suuw ui me jarieuaue men at Breakfast Creek oh Saturday. That good handicap horse, Keith, by Q ildsbornugb from Aphrodite, hy Kings ton (Imp) from Guuilds, departed thin llf* ou Monday week from rtiatietes. S:rni8(8Bt. filhB., FJirrle, 8st. 7lbB„ aud Minerva, 8 st. 5 Ins.. are tlie top weicbu lor the Clarence River Jockey Club, Haudicap, to be ruu at Graftou on July »:b. After an unsuccessful trip Mr. G' Wright took his departure from Sydney for New Zealaud, witb the (aceborseB Hilda and Antelope. Mr. J. CblBboIm, of Brushgrove, N.B.W., ia likely lo pay BriBbaue a visit in August with a trotter or two for the Driving Park Trots, and Carlovilch for tbe flat racea at list meeting, and probably for the hurdleB at the Q.T.C. gathering tbe following week. Carlovilch won the Hurdles at Clarence Tattersalf's Meeting at Grafton tbe other day, under 1 11 st., aud is baudlcadped in tbe two big [ events at tbe Graftou Meeting In July, at 7 st, 0 lbs., and 7 at. 10 lbs. respectively, at wbicb he should ruu respectably. The Now Zealand hurdle horse Manuka was aolil to Morris Jacobs in Melbourne last week for 420 guiueae. Dunlop (late Dick), another jumper, was put up, but passed iu at 210 guinea. Mauuka is en gaged in tbe V.R.C. Grand National j Hurdles at 10 el 4 lb Our old friend General Gordon, formerly owned liy J\ F rVRriun lain Mi.,..,..'.., a ot the top weight neiuit Corythue, 13 st, Tbe annual race meeting of the Lie more Jockey Club, New South Wales, ie eet down in the calender for August 13, and 14, dates wbicb will keep the Clarence and Richmond borees away from the Driving Park Meeting here on the 16th, but whi^h will give tbem tibie toraoe at tbe Q.T C. meeliua on tbe 4auu, nut! ii mi ey «re inciin-u io piy us a visit at all so eat ly in tbe season. 7 miu. 26 sees, was Ro-slterV time for tbe Steeplechase at Randtrick on Saturday week— about 3 miles. Starlight won tbe Steeplechase at Eaglo Farm about 3} miles iu 7 min. 8 4 5thesecs., aud yet Starlight wouldn't have a ghost of a show at Randwick ! A match, 20 sovs. a side, was run on June 14tb, from Temora to Cootamundra { aud back, between Mr. Tupmap's hr. pouy Dead Bird, and Mr. Meeban's black, Stick-in-the-mud. TJiev started at 8 a.m. on Saturday, reached Coota mundra together at . 3 p.m., spelled au hour, and started on the return journey, reaching the balf-way nouse together, and caui ping tbere for the night, resum ing'-tberace on Sunday morning. At I o'clock nu tbat day, Dead Bird reached tbe winning poet a (lamp at Boxall's Hotrl) ten minutes )n advance of Stick in.t.he.mnri The classic races of the S.A.J, C. Ade laide, the Morpbittville Plate, for two year-olds, and the Derby and 8t. Leger, for three-year-olds, clOBed last week witb 24, 38, aud 37 entries respectively. The corresponding races of tbe Q.T.C. Hope ful Stakes, Derby aod St. Leger closed the same with 38, 44, and 43 entries re spectively. Tbe following weights were declared ?for tbe two priucipal races at the Char ters Towers annual meeting Jockey Club Handicap, 300 sovs, 2 miles.— Goidetain, 8 st 11 lbs ; Little Jeanuie, 8 st G lbs ; Ivanhoe, Sst; Sham rock, 7 et 10 lbs ; Renard, 7 st 10 lbs ; Jack Sbeppiird, 7 st 8 lbs ; HlocmBbury, 7 st 8 lbs ; CuntHmuliH, 7 st 7 lbs ; Roue, 7 st 7 lbs ; Mammie, 7 st 4 lbs ; Bendigo, 7 st 2 lbs. The top weigh's should have it all their own w^y her*. aii-i I expect ibu winner to be Little Jetunie or Ivaniioe, for I doubt if Goldstain be the hoiK:- be was. xi Lie im win irniiub tue in Hit. Huriihs, 2 miles. — Caledoniio, J2st; Marigold, 11 st 7 lbs; Ajax II., list; Thunder, 10 Bt 7 lbs; Croydon, 10 st ; Satan, 9 st 7 lbs ; Forester, 9 st 7 lbs ; Gaylad, 9 st. And ia their company I 'like Ajax II next best to Caledonian. The fatuous Queensland mare. My L'»v.», with her Orcnonrt foal— a filly— arriveil in Sydney on Monday week; and went straight ou to Kirkbain. She will probably be put lo Martini-Henry or Abercnru, Chester bein^ bred teo close to bur. Trahuu, tbe jockey, loft fur India with Bravo ou Sunday week. 