ALLAN QUATEUMAIN'S REVENGE. The late Mr. Allau Guatermam haa uot been kindly, nor respectfully, nor cveu honestly, treated by some members of the great American public. Critics havo blamed him for lack of veracity, and even of plausibility, in his narra tives. They have picked holes in his honest grammar, derided his simple humor, and sneered at his occasional bursts of eloqueuce. His literary honesty has been cavilled ar, and the very persons who pirated his works have reviled him as a pbgiaxist. Books have l«en put on the market under his name which he never wrote, and when a narrative of his is about coming forth in periodicals, an American pirato announces the whole as "ready immediately," a promise which cannot be honorably fulfilled. In fact, the American buccaneering publisher's song about any work of his runs thu3 : — Steal it, misdate it, Atrociously spell : The critics may slate it. But still u will aril. Thus attacked, robbed, garbled, forced upon, and misused, it may well be thought" that the , ho late Mr. Qoatermain is uneasy and t„H£e, eS£"ed- v3? Ues peace in endi3, beneath the shadowy palms, and he cannot Set at the enemy with his old title oc revolver. Bus Allan has not been idle, and is not unavenged. The Critie of Xew York, a learned paper, which has discovered that rxeurei n ntnni .. ... , Uumrjui — tne l rule, we say, qno,es from tne Tribune a story of Allan's revenge. The tale is s3d enough in itself, and seems to prove that Mr. Qnatermain's iigry ghost doesnot care much what member of the Sa fj'lantic tribe falls beneath his wrath. The whole tribe he probablv does hot greatly love ; bat he had no speeial'fend with MX. Iranklm A. Paddock, the iSV.v York lawyer. \ et Mr. Paddock is the victim. Three years ago he was at his countrv seat in Delhi, Delaware county; a city named Delhi in" a county named Delaware is itself a peculiarity of nomenclature. Here Mr. Paddock beguiled his .eMura with the autobiography of Mr. Quater- Sh!h ''if jmUch-,t0 be feared in an edition n 1QU! ,no tax. for copyright to British capital or industry. The simple and unassuming narrative of an explorers perils in Africa set Mr. Paddock a-dreaming in his bed.- It seemed to him that ne was swimming for his life in an ocean haunted by reptile— the fell submarine cata wampus, the crocodile, the jerboa, and other fauna of Allan's lancy. Mr Paddock appeared to himself to bo striking out tor dear life, and for a rock 'on which his brother was standing ; and he had to dive to save himself from some approaching monster. . ao vivid was the dream that ha dived ont ot bed, and struck his head such a blow that paralysis' subsequently set in," and Mr. Paddock never recovered the iniarv. The madent was melancholy in itself, and it will ba universally regretted. But if it had occurred, not to n harmless gentleman, but to a pernicious paragraphist or piratical publisher, we do not know that tho late Mr. Quatermain was a man who would have deplored rii Inured to a Kfe i T6xr rri? must said, violence and blood shed, air. Quatermain would have said "Servo him rjshfc,;lt is unlikely that tho romances of Mr. Uraddoek, Sir. Cable, or most of Mr. Quatermain s American literary rivals will pro- long the teud by causing any British reader to dive out of lied. The slumber which several -of these blameless productions bestow is sudden, sotfc, ana undisturbed by dreams ot au exciting character. It certain American publishers dream that they have married Babynn women or the widow Elsmere, and leap out of the window fa escape the engagement, and catch bad colds in the garden, then, at last, Allan may sleeo ueaccfuliv belntr fha far Zu.Tcndis.— Saturday Levicic, 