THE VICTORIAN ALLIANCE. TO THB KD1TOR OF TUE AOS. SlB, — I think that in tho combined letters from "Candid Friends " of the Viotofiau Alliance wbieh have appeared in your columns Binco my lost communication there is sufficient matter to warrant a reply. In tho first place, I will candidly admit that my roferonco to the " now found zeal " of Mr. Lormor should havo been rendered as " renewed zeal," as I am fully nwnre of tbe fact that ho did much honorablo work for tompcronco many years ago, especi ally as joint hon. secretary of tho Permissive Bill Association. I think ho will remember that in connection with the passage of tho measure promoted by that association through tho Legislative Assembly tho adoption of at least one deforming, if not fatal, amendment proved that reformers liavo somotimes to tako what they can get, instead of what they want. Mr. Lormer's explanation of tiio wiso and honorable oourse pursued by him in connection with tho East St. Kiida election illustrates this truth as well. He thought that the gentlemnu whom, from a temperance standpoint only, ho would have liked to support "had not tho ghost of a chance of being returned," and so ho supported ngoodinanof modernto viows who had. Therein lies tho reason for much compromise; tho thorough polioy, had not the ghost of a chanco." Your correspondent, Mr. J. Bell, rushes into tho fray to attack Mr. James Munro, leaving the question as to whether a tactical mistake was made in allowing Sir Bryan O'Loghlen to add the compensation proviso to tho local option resolu tion for tho sake of onabling tho resolution to roach a division, tiie fact remains that Sfr. Munro has clearly stated his own position in the matter. To prevent any misunderstanding the nllianco executive, immediately after tho pas sage of tho resolution, issued a manifesto to the country, stating that its demand was for " local option without compensation," and Mr. Munro, as tho president of tho Alliance, concurred in that — in fact lie assisted in framing it. In 1884 Mr. Munro contested tho North Yarra Provinco against Dr. Beaney, witii compensation as tho principal test question. Tho doctor claimed to be a local optionist, and his votes in tho House have proved liiin to have been honest in this, but Mr. Slunro declared for "no compensation," and his defeat, after tbo most gallant fight I remember in tho colony, wns, I believe, brought about chiefly by bis unwavering allcgianco to this prinoiple. Mr. Munro is a tompornnco man who has remained faithful to tho cause after achieving fame and fortune, and that is what many fail to do. Upon innumerable occasions, when rest at homo would havo been very wel come to him, and whon business and politics were making their inexorable demands upon his time, he lias forsakon all to go long distances in tho country in order to advocate our cause. Of tho help which ho has rendered in other ways it is not for me to speak. In view of these facts, I venture to say that attaoks upon him from tempornnco people savor of ingratitudo of the basest kind. Certainly, only those should attack him who have themselves dono more for the caus.o than he has. Mr. Carr, who is quoted as saying that " there was not a single man in the House who really represented temperaoce thought," has himself explained thnt he is not, ns stated, "a member of the Alliance executive." If he were ho would bo better acquainted with our Parliamentary friends than he evidently is. Sir. Boll ventures tho assertion that tbe prohibition of new licences "lias dono no good." If it wore proposed to obtain a new Ticcnoe iu the district where Sir. Bell resides he would be one of the first to forsnko his pooulinr doctrino by co-opornting with tho alliance in endeavoring to prevent the ovil, The restrictive legislation of recent years has prevented the establishment of at least 1500 publio bouses ; and during tho last three years alono the alliance has, through local co operation, prevented tho issue of about 150 now licences in the courts nnd at the polls, Tho good dono by this " prevention " whicli is so much " better than cure," is simply incalculable. Tho increased drink bill is a deplorable feet, but one might as woll Bay that the wholo tempornr.co movement has dono no good in consequence, as assert that tho prohibition of now licences has done no good. The truo reflection is what would iiave beon the stato of things if no allevi ating effort had been put forth. The faot is thnt where tho alliance work is succeed ing tho drink evils oro being reduced. In Gcelong, for instance, the olosing of 17 botclB, a comparatively small number, lias resulted in tho reduction of drunkenness by 37 per cent, during a period of six mouths. How much temperance talk will bo required to nchiove that end? Your next correspondent, Mr. John Tomlinson, charges me- with "error" in saying that " in England, as new districts spring into existence, the corner blocks are still taken for public houses, nnd licences are issued, whether tho people want them or not." But his illustra tion pimply proves my case. Ho refers to oertain districts in Liverpool where publio houses hnvo not been established, owing to a clause in tbe lease prohibiting them. Just so. Tho clauso in the lease is necessary, because tbe law allows them. Unfortunately, tho districts which enjoy tho local option of bcnificcnt landlords are the exception and not tho rule. If Mr. Tomlinson wero to read Victorian temperance literature ho would find thnt wo have published a grent deal of information in regard to such districts as ho sought to'onlighton us about. He migjit as well assert that there aro no publio houses m Victoria, because under a special pro vision there are none nt Mildura, as say thnt new licences aro not issued in England becnuso of the Liverpool exceptions. This letter lias already lengthened out to such nn extent that I dare not trespass further upon your space, except to say that the re-opening of the compensation question is certain, and that tiie alliance execu tive can only rcganl with satisfaction an intelli gent discussion which would help to bring publio oniniou into harmonv with its viows Vnnrs. &c.; 4th August. JOHN VALE. 