A GHOST STORY. THE MYSTERY OF THE HAUNTED HOUSE. It was called Maplewood. There were 150 acres in the estate — 100 acres of land and fifty acres of ?water 5 and this water was in a beautiful lake, npon the northern shore of which, on a gentle slope, backed by a forest of maples, stood the mansion. Capt. Ralph Severn had lived- ia the mansion until he died. He had never married— or at least he never had a wife in this country, and tbe ouly members of his household whom he had admitted to share at all in his companionship had been Seth and Hester Dabney— man and wife — the two servants who had been with bitn in the begiu ning, and remained with him to the end. 'Upon his deathbed, contrary to general expecta tion, Capt. Severn had remeoDboiei a sister whom he had not seen for years, and to this sister and her heirs he had willed his estate. This sister, then a widow named Atherton, bad come to Maple wood, biinging with her an only daughter. But Mrs. Atherton did not remain at Maplewood a month. She got frightened at strange things ?which bad happened there and moved away, and ere long afterwards she died. And so Maplewood came to be the property of Lillie Atherton, the widow's daughter. But Lillie would not go there to live. She let old Seth and Hester Dabney hold the place in charge, directing Seth to find good tenants if he possibly could. Parties came aud hired the mansion, but they did not remain. Capfc. Ralph Severn had been dead three years, and nearly a score of people had tried to live at Maplewood, and had failed, when my attention was attracted by the beauties of the place. I had just come home from sea and had promised my wife that I would try and settle down aud become a sober landsman. My wife and Lillie Atheiton were bosom fiitnds, and it was partly through this friendship for the young heiress— for Lillie was only 19 — that I was led to Majolewood ; but having once seen the place and admired the beau ties of its surroundings I was anxious to make it my home. I found Seth Dabney to be a man of 60 or thereabouts, and his wife of tbe same age. They were meek and humble and seemed very anxious to serve me. In fact, Seth was altogether too meek. He was an old sea dog ; and if Capt. Ralph had ever been a pirate, as had been whispered since his death, ifc was not hard for me to believe that Seth Dabney had been his accomplice. On our first night at Maplewood we kept up until rather late. It was almost midnight, and my wife Molly and myself worked at arranging our library. The clock had just struck 12 when Peter's wife — her name was Lucy— looked in and informed us that the bed-chamber was arranged. I was hanging a picture and wished to finish, it before I lefb it. Molly's dressing-case was in a small dressing-room upstairs, and she said she would run and get ib while I hung the picture. She took a lighted caudle and went. I had finished my work to my satisfaction and had just folded up my step la,dder, when my wife came rushing in with her candle extinguished, and as she dropped her dressing case upon the floor I caught bee in my arms. She was pale and frightened, and looked over her shoulder as though expecting that something had followed her. As soon as she could speak I heard her htjry. She had gone to the dresting-room and got her case, and as she reached the broad staircase on her return she had seen upon the landing at her right a temale figure robed in white, witb. blood upon its ashen face and with dabs of blood upon its snowy drapery. ' Oh, it was dreadful!' said my wife. 'The spectre waved its hand in a threatening manner, and said to me in an awful whisper, ? Woman, there is a curse upon this house and upon all who follow in the footsteps of Ralph Severn !' And then she pointed to a gaping wound upon her fore head, and with a cry of terror I fled down the stairs.' Surely this was not a pleasant opening, but I urged it upon my wife that she bad nut been hurt, and furthermore that a respectable ghost would have appeared to me rather than to her. It was half an houi after midnight when we retired. The chamber which we had selected was the pleasantest room in the mansion — a large square room, with deep biy window looking down upon the lake. The hangings were of green velvet, heavily fringed with gold, and the curtains, though slightly yellow from time, were clean and of finest lace. I left a small lamp burning upon the dressing-table, and being very tired I fell asleep soon after touching the pillow. How leng I slept I cannot say, but it could not have been an hour, when I was awakened by my wife, who was clinging to me in fright, and as I woke I heard a low moaning sound as ot same one in deep distress, and presently a whisper aa though the speaker were close to my ear — a whis per awful and distinct — and these were the w^rds that were spoken : 'A curse therefl is upon this house, and upon all those who would fol low in the footsteps of Ralph Severn !' The lamp had been extinguished, and while the foregoing words were baing whispered the apart ment was pervaded by a ghostly light ~a sulphur ous, deathly, waving glare ; and presently a female figure appeared at the foot of the bed— the same which :oiy wife had seen upon tbe landing. Ib was robed in white, the face pale and ghostly, and dark spots were upon the brow and upon tbe robes. It was surely nothing of human mould, for it stood upon the air, and as I Bat up I cuuld see it3 feet treading empty space on a level with the bed frame ! With a threatening wave of the hand the figure bowed its head, and melted away into thin air — melted away with a sorrowing sigh — and the ghoitly glare faded out, leaving only the pale glimmer of the starbeams to break the midnight gloom. As soon as I could collect my scattered senses I broke from my wife's grasp and leaped out upon the floor, and very quickly lighted the lamp. The doors were fast — locked, as I had lefb them; the windows had not been touched ; the hangings were all intact, and nowhere, after tho strictest search, could I find the slightest trace of any method of ingress or egress to a material body. In the morning Seth Dabney ma.de it his busi nes3 to ask me how I had rested, I told him I had been seriously disturbed ; and I gave him to understand that if the spirits of Ralph Severn's departed victims wished to inhabit the place I should leave. I could see by the old man's face as he turned away that he was well sati.fied. When left to myself I went up into our cham ber, taking with me a hammer and chisel. Around the chamber was a high oak wainscot, and tb.13 I proceeded to Found with my hammer ; and very soon I found a place opposite the foot of the bed which gave back a hollow Eound. A critical examination revealed to me the fact that at this point a panel 3 feet long by 2 feet high was loose, and I could detect slight abrasions upon its sur face, as though it had b. en slid behind the cast ings, but I could not move ib without breaking it, as it appeared to be fastened upon the other side. But that was a good beginning. Upon going outside I found that the wall in which was a loose panel was toward a chamber which we had as yet appropriated to no particular use, as its Bingle Email window kft it far from pleasant. From this chamber, next to the outer wall of the building and toward my own chamber, opened a closet, occupying not more than four ftet of tho division partition, so that from this closet to the opposite wall there was left a space of at least three feet between the two rooms — and this space was sealed up — and it was into this space that the sliding panel opened. My next field of examination was below, and I was not long in discovering that the space directly beneith the movable panel, and occupying half the underlying area of tbe dark chamber, was aho sealed up, but so adroitly cut into my closets and cupbmrds that only a well-directed examination could have revealed the fact. Never mind the details of my persistent search. It oc cupied time; bat I succeeded in the end. I found an entricce into this last named seilei up spacs from the cellar, and there I found what I had anticipated. I found a powerful srgand lamp, with a polished conclave reflector, and also two large mirrors set at a proper angle for throw ing a reflection upward ; and direcbly in the line of tb.13 reflection was the sliding panel in the waimcot of my chambir. I also found here a long white roba ; and ifc was no longer a myetcLy how the ghostly spectacle had been produced. The reflection of the operator bdow had been throwa up through the open panel upon the white curtains at thefo)tof the bed, an! thosj curtaias had been carefully ar ranged to perform tluir part in the optical illu sion. And one other thing I found in this secret place; I found speaking tude3 leading upward, and upon returning to my chambar I found a point at the bead of the bed where the wall paper was perforated, and upon putting my finger through I found tbo end of the tube. And thus the dreadful whispers were accounted for. Seth Dabney had ppant both time and money itt performing this arrangement for frightening tenants away from Maplewood, and he bad hoped that for a mere nominal sum he might in time h& able to purchase the estate ; but his hopes were crushed when I appeared before him with the proofs of his wickodness ia my possession. To save himself from a public trial and certain con damnation he finally confessed to me all his iniquity. He showed me how he bad arranged wooden troughs under the eaves and deep down in the cellar in which to roll cannon balls for the production of thunder, and he showed me other speaking tubes leading from a single point below to various points above, by means of which ha could cause the same voice to sound in different part3 of the man-ion at the same time. He con fessed also that his Wife and bis son's wife oftea appeared to female guesls in ghostly guise, which accounted for my wife's flight upon the landing. I sent for Lillie Atherton, and in the depth of her gratitude for the regained estate, Bhe allowed Seth Dabney and his family to depart free of jus tice, and we heard ef them no more. 