I0TB3 Of TBI IESK. At last the Public Works Committee Bill — or as it should now be called, 4< The Railways Committee Bill "—has passed through the Assembly, and is in the hands of the Council, who, it is to be hoped, will pass it without a re petition of the carping criticism and close divisions which have signalised its coarse through the Lower House. - This innocent measure, designed to expedite the passing of tbe much-delayed Railway, Bill, has produced almost as much . stir as the . latter measure. On its introduction it was met by what almost amounted to a want-of j confidence debate. The Ministry triumphed, but the triumph was alloyed, by subsequent defeats. The Bill was, against their strongly expressed wish, restricted in its operation to railways only, other public works being taken away from the sphere of the coming com mittee's control. The idea Which dominated a majority of the Assembly evidently was, that as members ot the Council would- sit on this committee, the Assembly's, exclusive. " privi lege" of initiating money Bills would he thereby invaded. It was a mere hogey — the ghost pf - a -long defunct scare — that was thus raised, for the comihittee'S powers will be simply recoMuiendatory, ' not mandatory, and the Assembly canif it chooses, reject any ling which the committee recom mends. But, when Si .Bryan. Q'Loghfen, author of the amendment, which yeippyepuhHc works other than railway from the scopeof the Bill, had carried thta point, lie whs moved still further to protecfcthe " financial privileaai of the Assembly by a perfectly unnecessary clause reserving to that Ghaifiber all rights to Tote, on messages, frqm the Governor, money for railways, tramways, etc., and to in clude the MLtne in tha Appropriation . Act. This was notiathe slightest decree ne&saaF; hlyrivi- : Cp«H\<nLThe; LowepHouse _ attempted-" tacks' to -the »ten. is". on4iad%'heen carried, would establish rbeyond doubt or risfe?®f tfchs. Assembly to. tack any been ai%4)dliteBB'pcSosal has -been- negatived on the voices. ; '7; M v - f" .-rtih - . - ?\ - ?- . h-- b>-f: :%%<$ ' t'4i : . ..WEBtif-VlntveHbdenhowav'eri ' other f>pbihts raised-, and on" one of these the Ministry sus- whicBfj 'fll&tirfh;: riot hitrinsical ly hnpoijtant, must nevertheless be Irritating to; thrin. The Assembly "dteided.to exclude mem bers of th Ministry frbm the Public Works Coinmittee.-on the' ground tbat it Wopld better cothmandr the confideneeof both sides of : the Hou6e, and be of more effectively; guaranteed impartiality. if itB deliberationswere quite free r frpm Mmisterial assistance '"and the ' suspicion of Ministerial influence. If the Assembly r«- £urfe the Ministry in such a" fashion," its meftpfere cannot help but feel that alefi-handed )hP%ht h'asfen on jthe other baud it may be urged wifchequal force that the future, and not the present, is what the 4ssey: is locking afo agg, that ; thoiI the may ru«t the present . Cabinet in such a matter, 1 BCdbafnot follow that future Ministries-will 4 be, worthy of ; similar tenfidetoce. Be that as' it \- the Ministry were beaten upon coinmittee is to ' be, in Its constitution , removed far from the shadow of h Ministerial influence— fit, the xost of losing -the services of some of the most .able" . and experienced . men in the House. Another amendment, negatived on a rather close division, sought to limit the duration of the committee's existence to two years. This " ' was another indication of the curiously nervous feeliiigof distrust with which a certain section of rliie" Assembly's members regard a proposal which' Will "largely take out of > their hands the power to deal with financial matters which directly concern' their constituents. That the proposal was . rejected says something for. the good sense and discretion of the .majority. If the committee commenced its; work with the fear of an early dissolution, and a feeling that, it was distrusted constantly before it, the much belauded impartiality which dekired might be endangered. However, the 'Assembly has finished with the Bill now. and if the Council will only give it prompt despatch, real progress with the Railway Bill thoufd be made within a fortnight. .The benefits and advantages .of union are re cognised and appreciated by our country muni cipalities, as well as " metropolitan trades, but t ie former differ from the latter in never being g - ssive. There can be no doubt that the periodic meetings of municipal associations Representing the. shires of, great provincial dis tricts area distiuct gam and. benefit to the com munity at large, as well as .to the districts im- inediately concerned When = shire representa tives thus meet to: discuss the requirements and selt'-goven dug machinery : of the country dis ! ricta, the representatives are- not only educating each others -.hut. enlightening the urban p'ortion of ... the"" comrnuiiity and the Legislature as to the respective .domains of the -possible, the practicable, -the advisable,, and the rtiecessary, in regard to rural proposals, ideas, and undertakings. The . North- W stern municipal Assucubuon,-xor example, waicn ueia itshaif-yearly meeting in the City this week, discush ed ' from the standpoint of " practical knowledge and experience a" very wide raiige of tegfelative subjects to WMch khire'ratepayers are mtimately concerned, and brought into pro- raiheiice a number of poiuts which, though theytouch the small landholder closely, would be Vjery .liable tq escape notice to -Parliament, unless legislative attention was thus directed to :them. .v . - - It is satisfactory to note that j notwithstanding the condetnna tory criticism which . has in some .quarters been showered down upon the Rabbit Act, the settlers: in the mosti severely ; rabbit- affected districts thoroughly- approve of -the wife - netting system, and aire desirbus %hat thb btoefite of - the Act to this resOt should be extended and enlarged. The association asks that £100,000 additional should be devoted to the provision of wire- netting loans ; and as these are- strictly loans, for, the gradual repayment . of which stringeut safeguards axe provided by the. Act, the outlay need not be grudged. - Rabbits have- cost the country millions j and it would be the most expensive soirt of economy to restrict advances for the more extended application of the most : effective and thorough means of rabbit, extir pation "that has been discovered. Another point on which the association testifies. its approval of to'Rabbit Act, may be mentioned en-passant It desii-es the principle of simultaneous exter- mtoation introduoed by the .Act with regard to; cabbits applied to the lemer, hut still considet- abte juiiisanCe, of Bdthtirst hflfics iamd stair thistles. No bne daims, however, fh&fc; the Rabbit Act iB Pection.' in initiatory legislatidn, experience soon shows the-weak rpbihts, and. indicates the \- atoendente which areneededr The associa- ion-iudicate8 what "itB members, as well as settieifS pdqther. rp,bblt-infted parte t pi :the ' '.'consider lie j a- feardsbip and a weakness ia the measure There --was no clause , jtodpthonohgbly.mid exhaustively .tdebated. in \- Parliament than that which enjoin the des'trac- " tibn bl4 log fences 1 "Vifiiich harlidur "vefmin. . sarao '.»«# . -J" - -v- " Theto'a- he no doubt whatever as to 'the bene- flCial effects which must resultrpm the carrying out of .this proviso, aiid there is nothing more " the extixpatiiuVOf vermin is ; :lpti|>ie ' 1 and...rshlters 1 But a practical difficulty arises with. regard to settlers wheee'raeans. ate limited andF whose feuds are jfebbifc infested andog". fenced. ? ; They-caa defetoy. eir log. . f ezuse8c eaafly enough but the means, to replace+ihem : with post and wire are, we are ass.ured, . want-4? ingj -It seems' rather a wide extension pf the- "paternialf unction 8 6f Government "to-adopt ::the - suggestion .which has been offered, ahd: lend- fencihg. wire to such settlers t-hrongbp their1 shire councils to enable the difficulty to be met. ' But the principle has already been, con-" ceded in regard to the supply of Wire netting ; , an diif the only alternatives .are to; extend that -, principle, to -ruin the holders of log- fenced, selections or to let the rabbit to retain a"footing: <m- the land, the firstinamed course is Refer able, > though it should;, not . in ; any case; be - adopted without the most thorough precaution "to eii8ure the repayment of such advances and the limitation of thein withto the rigid bOUnds of necessity. - ; - ? ' , The allotment of muni.cipaj subsidies is a. mfuch vexed question. The .total amount' of the ; annual vote is a matter upon which , it is diffi- - cult indeed to form any definite -conclusion The?. Treasurer limits the subsidy to such an amount as bus estimates of receipts and expenditure tell, him that the consolidated revenue can afford1, without running the' risk of a -!defet :badanC9. ' But rural Viotoria is qirOgressing, settlement is exteiiding, ne w : municipal bodies ato formed, ; andtnew co'untry hasrto be ptoridedwith roads; ; and bridges,7 or the, of sottlemeut nuat - b> checked if.Jiot abpdoned cGoiequentiy,;' while. the municipal subsidy, r reuntiitB ; a :flxoi 0 sum, and municipal needs tocreaBia, fhere cmust be coastant complaint and agitation tor specfel votes. The trouble is aggravated also by the system of allotment, under which one munici pal body receives subsidy at therate of £3 for every £l eoliected in rates while othsra receive . only. £1 for £1 ratio. What complicates the question further is that th9 old-established and wealthy shires whose roads" Jiave been well made and whose. . "gene ral. requirements have been substantially provided for by years of heavy subsidy, .are by their very weaithiness entitled under .the -ratio of distribution to far more subsidy than the" new "shires in districts but partially'- fceittledby Selectors and freeholders, where the' aggrate of rates is small, while the road reqniremehfe or the district are very great. The suggestion that there should be ho limit on subsidy but that pro rata payments should be made, on account of all rates collected will not. work; butueither will the present rule of thumb system of allotment answer. To effect a satisfactory settlement of the difficulty there must be a new and radical departure ; and toe most practical scheme which has been suggested appears to be the classification of shires by officers of the Public Works Department, after careful in spection, and the allotment to accordance with that classification, of so much pef £l spent out of rates on maintenance work, , and so much on construction, the ratios varying according to the financial standing and actual requirements of the shires so classified. The Legislative Council elections, completedlast week, certainly did not demonstrate any very . absorbing or exciting interest in the personnel of the Upper ' Chamber by the electors , who possess the eouncir franchise. Nor, on the otheir hand,-did the-delights of polities, toe" seductive influences of toe, honourable prefix, and toe general di vinify whichdoth hedge ' ' amember,'' attract in force aspirants to the honour of a eeat rm the Yictdriahisshate. There were fourteen j seats vacant, and - twelve by the retiring Legislative 0 GounciH6rs. were /allowed v a walk over And this to a colony which a few yeate ago w couvUlaed to its depths, and flirmiflrTinnf lfo. 4«1, between the /Houses as to the basis of the Council fran<hise. - Truly, the fKmyn tn f. of . party polit ics has done. . much to tranquil ite the community, but at toe same tiuie auto supreme tranquility is to itself suspicious. It is more Uke the dead calm that precedes a hurricane"7 than the tranquil peace of halcyon days. But, : there are no "signs of a storm, politi cally, and we... must accept the situation partly as an eradication of assured political" tranquility, andgpartly as the effect of toe all- absorbing interest 7- quite deadening that ordinarily taken in polities— which is felt in the great labour struggle owoing on throughout . .Australasia. It is, howfev#?, a significant ; fact that the only two contests to the late batch, of ponnril elections were in metropolitan districts, - and that moderate, sensible men of -established reputation were the successful candidates. Victoeia has rather the -reputation iatoe mother . colonies of shilly- shallytog over joint iiiter- colonial works, of changing her athnihisteative : mind over routes sites and; -conditions, and our neighbours dofidt ;fifce it,".. '.New "%mto- Wales, in particular, -Is escially'punciiiipus' about the carrying out of any agreemeuts pade 7 with her by another colony ; but just now New South Wales has a cause of Quarrel—and a very fair cause, too— in regard to such a matter. The two colonies some time ago agreed that the river Murray, dividing ' their separate territories, needed bridging to several places, and the twb .'Ministers for'/XYoiks — , Mr, Bruce Smith, o| New .South Yules/and A). " M. Dayies, of VictoriaT— mu toally qgreejl that" the work should ; be con jedntiy executed./ a Gue_ of ; the" sites selected: — examiued by the engineers of . the respective colonies, and : settled upon — . was- TbcumwaL - 2e w -South to ;p«r- - fectiy7 good f mth, m&deseuiidingSto-;'tHeJaver bed for "the Structure, prbphredfflMr its erection, and put £8,0( on thd balittea for her share of the cost of building the bridge. But, now, the Victorian Goyernment declkie to. ; carry out the engagement on. the " official, plea that a better . rite . has been discovered at.Cobram. r T3iis a toattefc' Ypon which onlyprofesrional ; engtoeersVaaid7 peteoiiff practically acquainted with the needs ahd capa- bilities of toe. districts - conoteniefl Spak .; Wlraduihiffijtyl As to the former %e eflineers of botii Victoria tfnijl New South. Wat€« "had" fixed upon the Toctunwalfiite ; asP ihefe-tter, -we pulieh elsewhere a letter fromMr. Edward iUVftogrways'" , B.ut; beriuee 'tins there is the t.dmte; 'TgrpijpBBsai .ucSl- MtJ. Brace J Smith \- roundly asserts .tp be ..such, that the joint bridge j should ? he : erected 'at Toeumwal j and further, there . is the assurance of toe same Minister /that ' New iSouto ' Wal« will de- eliue co-opera.tioh with Victoria t 'in any joint - work until this promise is fulfilled.. What possible plea or excuse can be urged for withdrawing from the afrange- ment made?. The only pnel given so f ar J>y the 'Premier. is that toe agreement was not;" con firmed by the Cabtoet ; but if. the Cabinet did not intend to ratify an interooloniaL arrange- ment made by one of its- members, - it should have notified New South Wales at bnoe of the faet, and saved at one and the same time its own cr&dit;, and the time ;ahd money of the sister colony, Itis not a great matter after ail this- item of £8,000 ; but.it is, am important .matter thatVlctoria toould .. ke feith with her sister ' colonies in alLfipph artaugements, and, that 'thqy oulfl Abt beubvBrted jby .the agency of i ;:reprtttentatioii8 and mysterious wire-pulling. It is very rarely indeed that there is no edu-" cation al question' before Parliament, anfl just ' at present there are, two/; J' teachers' questions" . The , mops important is , the'lengSalariesBiil.-whrchprovidbs, Lt han not yetheen feoi%ht ihto the aroia ofe defete, buA7- prembhjflafy nyrtn«v apparent--in the way of questions— which ihdi- : cate thai the measuferw21"hot give entire satii-'C faction. heMiriter'oLPducation, however" declares that the Bill ;.is free from all objec- tion&bie; diBtiiictioiis; that the basis of salary' computation is a result percentage of -80, and that, on the whole, toe new; system pf. payment will give teachers £1,000 more salary., than they are at present, receiving. Thia. seems. to be a satisfactory, statement; but as a v matter of course, teachers .who have been ac- 4 customed to gain over 80 per cent, at result examinations will lose1 a little, toohgh the majority will gain. In thesb modern days, everything is a question of majorities; and' if the Bill practically justifies Dr. Pqaxson's estimate of its effects, the great majority of the teachers will be, glad to see it In operation. 