Tlie Queen's Birthday. The athletic sports and other outward signs of public festival usual 011 similar occasions were per- force abtituloiied or deferred last baturday when it was seen that atmospheric probabilities were dia metrically opposed to any chance of tlie sunt re sky and unclouded sunshine, proverbially known as " Queen's weather" in the British isles._ Not so, however, with tlie volunteers, who, despite a. pass ably heavy fall of rain and ominous growls of thun der mustered in the diillshed to the number of 35, and under the command of Captain 1) itzhardinge held the customary Queen's Birthday parade. l he royal salute was given and a fen-de juie fired inside the shod with an effect that was deafening, and then iu the pungent smoke that resulted three cheers were given for the Queen which terminated the official proceedings of the day. The prizes won at tlie late shooting contest were then handed to to the winners whose names appear iu another col umn. A team of ten men were selected to shoot in a match against the reserve rifle company in the afternoon, but this also was deferred owing to the inclement weather. The continuous drip, drip, drip from overhanging eaves, fairly washed away all interest in what took place out of doors for the remainder of the day. It 110 sooner got dark, however, than the exuberance of youthful loyalty found vivid exhibition of its antics before many bonfires that were flaming in all directions, and looked decidedly picturesque. As the evening grew older Grey-street was alive with harmless explosive engines, cracking away merrily in all directions, and here and there the searching glare of colored lights gave ghastly hues to the complexions of the merrymakers and spectators. A welcome feature of the evening were the dulcet strains, piciuissime in strength it must be acknow ledged, that proceeded from the ghost seemingly of the Glen Innes land recently defunct, which was playing in front of the Town Hall. It was wofully diminished in numbers, yet Air. A. Flanders, who acted as conductor, and the handful of musicians who assisted him acquitted themselves very credit ably. 