STOCK CROSSINGS. The following stock crossed the border yesterday*— 111 sheep the property of Thomas Lang, Perricoota, consigned to E. Trenchard and Co ; 400 sheep, property of A. Leitch, Waniboo, consigned to Walker and Co. Slave Dealing at Constantinople.— There are actually at Stamboul about 90 ragular slave broksrs who buy and sell slaves or who are the medium of buying or selling The slaves are lodged in houses known by the public, just as they know the dealers in any sort of merchandise. The principal Blave-houBes are about 30. They are situated in the neighbourhood of Fatih or Sultan Mohammed, Eyoub, Souleimanie Scutari, and af TCassim Pasha. The Abyssinian slaves are rare on account of delicacy of their health and the trying climate of the city does not Buit them. An Abyssinian maiden from 14 to 17 is worth from 60 to 120 lirns (a lira js worth about 18s.), bijt a handsome one is aure to bring 300 liras. White slaves (TcherkeB) are more abundant. Maidens from 12 to 15 are quoted from CO to 1000 lira. The price varies rtccording to beauty, size, complexion and accomplishment. Singers and musicians generally bring a good price. In the days of Ismail Pasha the price of slaves was double what is is to day. It should be noted here that the slaves exported to Egypt greatly improved the breed of the Egyptains. One cm immediately distinguish an Egyptuin who has had a mother or father a Circassian slave from the Egyptain pur sang. A Startling Incident.—A certified corpse ■was being taken by two porter* to the Puis Morgue on a stretcher on Wednesday^ when it suddenly alarmed its carriers by sitting up and asking for a drink. It was worthy female who, having got out of a train in the Montparnasse Station, fell down on the platform and apparently gave up the ghost. A reputed doctor who was near said that the "woman's heart and pulBe had ceased to boat, so she was accordiug'y sent, by stretcher, to the unlovely establishment in mid-Seine, : where the dead bodies of city castaways are j kept for dissection and burial. The woman 1 avoke on the Place du Pavvis da Notre Dame, and instead of taking her to the dire ful destination for which she had been in tended, her Wnd curriers marched her into the adjacent hospital—the Hotel Dieu— where she was installed temporarily in a warm ward, and received refreshments. She i had been over-fatigued by a railway journey | from Brest, and the cold had brought on an > attack of congestion of the brain. More About the Wondehful Watkin i Tower.—According to the London corrcs- I pondent of the Z/ivo-poot Post, 400 plans have been received by the committee who offered prizeB for tho best and second-bcat plan for the proposed Watkin Tower. Tho com petition remains upon till Fobruary. The project is being carried forward with the characteristic energy of Sir Edward Watkin, who is tho heart and soul of the affair. He has surrounded himself with able coadjutors such as Mr Baker, the engineer of she Forth Bridge, and Mr Carbutt, formerly member for the Monmouth District, well known in Yorkshire as a manufacturing engineer. Sir Edward Watkin has taken note of tho objection to tho 'ower that it differ* from the Paris enterprise by reason of surrounding atmospheric influences. Sir Edward Watkin finds in tho atmoBpheric conditions of London tho very certainty of Buccess. The tower will be so lofty that several stages will be above tho ascertainable altitude of any fog. This tower wiU be higher than the Eiffel Tower. The longest bridge in tho world is Baid to be at Langange, China, over an arm of the China Sea. Ic is as much as five mil™ long, built entirely of stone, and has 400 arches, each70fr. wide. The roadway is also 70ft wide. During the last two years the Italian army has been increased by 30,000 men, 200 field guns, and 6000 cavalry. Never was the army so numerous or powerfully organised aB at present, under tho attempt to keep up with Germany's military step. Protection vsruu: Free Trade —A great difference of opinion exists as to which is best for a country—Free Trade or Protection. No doubt that circumstances alter canes, and what •nay be tho right thing for tho Old Country may be opposed to the progress of a new one, pro tection at any rate prevails for the present in this colony j and it would appear that the argu ents in favor of it arc here confirmed by facts, of home manufacturers increase by if leaps and oounds." giving employment to thousands, who at Free Trade Principles—might have tho work to do Wo have never had more than one opinion, however, about the merits of Mrs •Johnson's American Soot'.ing Syruw, which foi upwards of eighty yeata has held its own in England as tho best romcdy for tho pain and troublo of teething It has a moat doliciou taste, and only requires rubbing on an infant's gums to allay tho irritation and throbbing, and securing comfort to the little BUfieror—who can do notlmig for himself except, try toswallow hiu fist and, what is equally important, a quiet night to parents. Many soothers contain opium In oi\t> form or another—a highly dangerous drug to ;*iung children. Mrs Johnson s how over ontains no narcotic whatever. Afik for Mrs. Johnson's American Soothing Syrup Whclesalo Agent Rook, Tompsitt and Co. Melbourne 