MOUNTAINEERING IN CENTRAL AFRICA. (Time*.) Kitima-njaro has at last been conquered. Dr..A. B. Moyor, who failed to reach tho smoituit in 1S87, made a determined effort j in October last, and, during twouty days' stay on tho upper slopes of tho mountain, ascended to tho top of Kibo four tunca, and of Mawoiui (or Kimawonzi) threo timos. As ho patriotically puts it, he waa able to plant tho Hag qf Germany on tho highest point of Gorman territory, for such wo must admit Kilima-Njnro to bo. In a conummication to tho now number of Pctcrmann's Mitteilungen, Dr. Meyer ] gives a detailed account of his ascent. I On 2nd Octobor he nud his com- panion, Purtschellcr, and a nativo of j Pangnni, reached tho saddle plateau abovo Marcalo'a village, which (14,270ft.) formed the bnso of operations. Tlio plan f of nscont was to mount the great lava rib running in a south-easterly direction and t Hanking on tho south tho south- east ( glacier valley, and from its highest spur to bugin the seramblo up tho ico cap. There ] was much loss snow on tho mountain limn thero was in July, 1887. At 2.80 iv.ni. on Urd Octobor the nscont began. At 7 thoy mot tho iirst snow, 10,400ft. At 7.20 thoy stood on tho ridge of tlio mountain rib, and thenco bogan tho steep ascent of tho crost. Halting a littlo every ton minutos in the over rarifying air, thoy rested nt 8.15 half an-hour at 17,220ft. Abovo thom blinked and glimmored tho ico cap of tlio Kibo. Shortly boforo 9 thoy at- tained 17,050ft., and at 9.50 tho lower limit of tho ice cap, nt a height .of 18,240ft. Hore tho usual procautions os to spectacles, ropos and nxos wero taken, ,und tho work of stop-cutting began. After crossing several crevasses thoy rostcd at 12.20 undor a stoop ascent of tho ico wall at 19,00011. high. Tlio curve of tlio ico cap, which is tho Iii ghost point visiblo from 'below, was now under thom. Tho diffi- culty of breathing mado thom halt a fotv seconds every fifty stops. At hist their strength getting rapidly exhausted, they reached, al 1.45, tho rim of the Kibo crater. At tho Banio timo thoy saw its highest elevation to the loft, on tho south side of tho mountain, consisting of throo rocky points rising somo yards abovo the ico cap. Tlio distance thoy estimated at about ono and u-liulf hour's march. But for this thoir strongth was unequal, oxcept at tho risk of having to bivouac without tho least protection in the cold of tlio nig^t. Thoy had dono an extremely fatiguing elevan hours' climb, bottvoon 14,000ft.- and 19,7001't., and had to toko account of the mist that was flouting abovo tho ico wallu. Thoy docidod to rest contont with tho rosult of thoir fh'Ht ascent. Tlio great crater of Kibo, with its ico precipices, tho eruption cone rising from its depths, was discovered ; tho problem of tho intorior of Kibo solved. The descont began, und tho tents wcro reachod at 0.48 p.m. On tho ütli October Dr. Moypr and his companions started at noon to bivouac at a greater height. Noxt morning at 8.45 thoy wero on tho topmost ring of tho crator, thoir turning point on tho 8rd. The ascont to tlio highest peak offered no extraordinary difii culty. Tho ice rim steadily rises in a southerly direction, wlioro it is brokon into threo points emerging abovo tho ico cup. Not being quite suro which was tho highest, thoy mounted all throo, and tho anoroid gave tho niiddlo ono, 19,0901't., as 50ft. to 80ft. highor than tlio othor two, On tho ¡co pinnaclo Dr. Moyor planted tho Gorman flag, and baptised tho rock " Kaiser Wilholm Spitzori." From this point ospocially tho groat Kibo crator is easily viowod. With a diameter of about 0500ft. the crater sinks about 050ft. to its haBO. On the northern and oastern sides tho ico cap dcscondH from tlio rim in stoop gallónos, whilo on tho wostern and southorn sidos tho baro lava rock plunges steeply from tho upper ice rim. From tho base of tho crator thoro risos, somewhat northerly from tho contre, a slightly arched eruption cono to about 490ft. liigfi. Like the crator bottom, it consists of dark brown ashes. Its upper half is froo from snow and icd. Its lowor half ia pnnopliod with a mighty ico girdle, which proceeds, pre- sumably, as glacier from the brood crater chasm opening westwards. On tho crater bottom Ho Boveral largor fields of half-melt- ing ¡co crust. Again, on 11th Octobor, Dr. Moyor and his companions mounted to tho saddle plateau, On tho 18th they ßhiftod thoir tont in tho direction of tho Mawenzi summit, to the east of Kibo, making them BOIVCS ut homo for tho noxt ton days at tho southorn baso of tho lava hill, situated on the plateau next to tho Mawenzi, tho "oast lava hill," as thoy continued to cull it. On 18th Octobor they mado a reconnoitring ascent of Mawenzi ovor the moat rugged and rivon and dangerous ground Dr. Moyor over travoi'Bod. Mawenzi seems much older than Kibo, and is pro- portionately worn and torn. Bo raggod und tom by wind and weather ÍB tho crumbling rock that ono wonders at its holding together. Tho least touch and the pieces givo way. When, after four hours, thoy gained tlio top, 16,800ft., they found tjiomsolves not on tho topmost crobt, but only on tho point of the great transverse rib running west. On tlio other side of a rubbish heap risos tho great wall supporting tho highest " teeth " of tho Mawcn/.i. This was enough for ono duy. On the 15th thoy btartod at 4.80 a.m. for a second ascent, of Mawenzi. ' Their aim was from the groat western- mass- of débris to push east to the main crest. Dotached Ílatches of gras* climb up to 15,750ft. Uglier is the region of lichons and mosses. Following the course ol' tho débris, they entered tho rocks of the main crest, rivon like dolomites. After a hard scramblo in tho de only eroded furrows thoy slood, al 8 o'clock, 10,900ft., in a 6inall notch oftho main crest, north of its great cleft, and enjoyed a con- fined viow of an extraordinary (loop abyss of tho mountain to tho east. Tho ascent of the point inunediutely north of tho crevice, though very steep, was . managed. From the topmost pinnaclo, however, it is sepa- rated by two peales rising a little above it. To go round them is just as impossible as to pugh forward on tho splintered edge. In .the confusion of weathered stumps, towers, needles, battlements, and channels it was difficult for them to know wlioro they were. The view to tlio east was pretty free, that to the noilh half obstructed by two lateral crests deviating north-east behind each other. The eastern walls of the Mawenzi hero showed themselves to be much bteoper and deeper thau on the western side, where its base rests on tho broad saddle plateau. The whole from above looks like gigantic honeycombs. On tho 16th they started on a third j ascent of the Kibo, by its northern slope, I At about the same height as on the southern side begins a very small girdle of primeval ! forest, interrupted severa! time« bv crassy plains. It steadily increases in breadth eastAvards. Above the primeval forest again stretches the gray-brown grass plain up to the steppe plain. The Avatored and cidtured zono forming Chaggaland on the southern sido is entirely wanting on the northern. A five hours' extremely fatiguirg scramble over steep rocks and depres- sions from north to north-west sliOAved that the very small ice-cap, beginning at tho considerable average height of 18,900ft., ends abruptly in a continuous high ice-wail 100ft. to 115ft. Further to the north-west tho ¡co-cap descends in part in thinner layers on the rock, but then, too, the ice Avhero they oxaminod it is so glassy and becomes so steep as to bo practicable only for several first-rato mountainoors furnished with all appliances. In the nocth-north-west they discovered a doublo-tongtied glacier reach- ing down under the averago ice-line, the glacier tongues lying about 19,800ft. On the 19th still another ascent Avas made. This time they descended to tho floor of the great crater. On 21st October a final ascent was made of Mawcnzi on the northern and eastern sides, from Avhich the swamp and lakes that cover the slopes and plains boyond Avoro Avcll seen, and tho numherlosa outlying volcanic cones that bolong to the groat mass. Deducting the four days' inter- ruption from tho 8th to tho 11th October, Dr. Meyer and his companion Avere Avorking for sixteen days at a height of over 18,000ft.; made four ascents of the Kibo summit, and throo to tho summit of MaAvenzi. This first ascant of Avhat ÍB probably tho highest mountain in Africa is highly creditable- to Dr. Moyor and his friend, and has resulted in a valuablo addition to our knoAvledge of nature's haudiAvork. 