THE STORY-TELLER. \- w THE COURTING OP DINAH SHADD. RUDYARD KELPING. {Macmillan's Magazine.) Over oar beads barned the wonderful Indian stars, which aro not all pricked in one' plane, bat preserving an orderly perspective, draw the eye through the velvet darkness of the void np to the barred doors of heaven itself. The earth was a grey shadow more unreal than the sky. We could hear her breathing lightly In the panses between the howling of the jackals, the movement of the wind in the tamarisks, and the. fitful mutter of musketry-fire leagues away to the left. A native woman from some unseen hnt bagan to sing;, the mail-train thundered past on its way to Delhi, and a roosting trow cawed drowsily. Then there was a belt-loossening silence about tho. fires, and the even breathing of the crowded earth took np the story. The men, fall fed, tamed to tobacco and song-their officers with them. J drifted across to the men's fires in search of Mulvaney, whom I found strategically greasing his feet by the blaze. "The army of the South is winuing all along thu line," I said. "Then that line's the hangman's rope, iayio' your presence. Ton ll learn to morrow how we rethreated to dhraw thim on before we made thim trouble, an' that's what à woman does. By the same tokin, we'll be attacked baforo dawin', an' ut would be betther not to slip your boots. How do I know that P By -the. light av pure reason. Here are three companies av us ever so far inside av the enemy's flank, an* a crowd av roariu', tarin', squealin* cavalry gmo on just to turn out the whole hornet's nest av them. Av coarse, the enemy will pursue, by brigades like as not, an' thin we'll have to ran for ut. Mark my words. I em av the opinion of Polonius whin he .aid: 'Don't fight wid ivry scat for the pure joy. av fightin', but if von do, knock the : nose av him first and frequint/ We ought to ha* gone on an* helped the Ohoorkhaa." "But what do you know about Polo- stes P" I demanded. This was a new .ids of Mnlvaney's character. "AUthat Shakespeare iver wrote an' a dale more .than the gallery shouted," said the man of war, carefully lacing his boots. ''Did I not tell you av Silver's theatre Sn Ddblin, when I was yonnger than i am now an' a patron av the drama? Ould Silver wad never pay actor-man or woman-their just due, an' by consequince his eomp'nies was collapsible at the last minit. Thin the bhoys wud clamour to take a part, an' oft as hot ould Silver mads them pay for the fnn. Faith, I've seen Haralut played wid a new black eye, and the Queeu as full as a cornucopia. I remember wanst Hogin that 'listed in the Black Tyrone an' was »hot in South Africa, he sejucod Ould Silver into gi vin' him Hamlut's part instid av me that had a fine fancy for rhetoric in those days. Av course I wintinto the gallery an' began to fill the pit wid other peoples' bats, an' I passed the time av dav to Hegin' walkin' through Denmark like a hamstrung mule wid a pall on his back. ' Hamlut,' .ec I, 'theres a hole in your heel. Pull np your stockins, Hamlut,' sex L Ham- lut, Hamlut, for the love av decincy drop that skull an' pull up your stockins.' The whole boase began to tell him that; He stopped hts soliloqaishms mid-be .tween. ' My stockings may bs comin' down or they may not,' SSE he, aero win' hii eye into the gallery, for well he knew who I was. ' Bat afther this perform ince is over me an* the ghost'll knock tho head off av you, Terence, wid your ass's bray !' An' that's how I come to know about Hamlut. Eyah! Those days, those days ! Did you iver have onendiu' devilmiut an' nothin' to pay for it in your life, sorrP" . "Never, without having to pay," I saith "That's throe! 'Tis name when you conaidher on ut; but nfs the same wid horse or fat. A headache, if yon dhrink, an' « .bellyache if yon oat too mach, en' a heartache to kape all down. Faith, the "toast only gets the colic, an' he's the lucky man." "Lie down and go to sleep," said I, not being able to comfort or advise. " You're the best man in the regiment, ¿andi next to Ortheris, the biggest fool. Xis down and wait till we're attacked. What force will they tarn out P Guns, think yon P" "Try that wid your lorrds an' ladies, twistin' and turnia' the falk, though you mint nt well. Te cad say nothin' to help me, and yet ye uiver knew what cause I had to be what I am." " Begin at the beginning and go on to the end," I said royally. " Bat rake ap th«fits »bit first." " Did I iver tell you how Dinah Shadd caine to be wife av mine ?" I dissembled a burning anxiety that I had felt for some months-ever since Dinah Shadd, the strong, the patient, and the infinitely tender, had of her own good love and free will washed a shirt for me moving in a barren land where washing was not. "I can't remember," I said casually. " Was it before or after you made love to Annie Bragin, and got no satisfaction ?" The story of Annie Bragin is written in another place. It is one of the many less respectable episodes in Mulvaney'*, chequered career. v " Before-before-long before, was that bnsinesa av Annie Bragin au' the corp'ril's ghost. Niver woman was the worse for me whin I married Dinah. There's a time for all things, an' I know how to kane all things in place- barrin' thé dhrink, that kanes me in my place wid no hope av coming to be aught else." ? " Begin at the beginning," I insisted. < « Mrs. Mulvaney told me that you married her when yon wore quartered in Krab Bokhar barracks." "An' the same is a cesspit," said Mulvaney, pionsly. "She spoke throe did Dinah. 'Twas this way. Talkin* av that, have ye iver fallen in love, eorr P" 1 preserved the Bilence ot the damned.. Mulvaney continued " Thin I will assume that ye have not. I did. In the days of my youth, as I have, more than once wanst toafd von, I was a man that filled tho eye an* delighted the sowl av women. Niver mata was hated as I have bin. Niver man was loved as í-^nó not within half a day's march av ut I For the first five years av my service, whin I was what I wud give my sowl to be now, I tuk whatever was within roy reach au' digested ut-an' that's more than most men can say. Dhrink I tuk, an' ut did me no harm. By the hollow" kv Hivon, I could play with fonr women ac wanst, an* kape them from findin*. ont auythiu' about the other three, a»i' emile like » full-blown marigold through ut all. Disk Ooulhan, av the battery we'll have down on ns to night, could drive his team, no better than I mine, an' I hild the., worser cattle P An'so I lived, an* BO j. was happy till either that business wid Annie Bragin-she that turned roe off as cool as a meat-safe, an' taught me where I stood in the mind av an honest woman. 'Twas no sweet dose to swallow. ., " Af thor that I sickened «while an* tut a thought to my regimental work; con- ceiting mesilf I wud study an' beasargint an' a major-gineral twenty minutes af th er, that. But on top of my ambitiouBpess there was an empty place tn iny sowl, eû* me own opinion av mesilf end not fill 'ut. Sez I tb mesilf; 'Terence, you're à great man au' the best set-up in the reg-mint. < Go on an' get promotion.' Sez mesilf, to, me, ' What for P' Sez I to mesilf : .' For the glory av ut!" Sez mesilf to me * Will that fill these two strong smiths av yours, Terence P' * Go to the devil,' eek I to mesilf. 'Go to the married lines," sez mesilf to me. ''Tis the' same, thing,* sez I to mesilf. 'Av you're the same man, ut is,' said mesilf tome, 'an'wid that I considhered on nt a long while., Did you iver feel that way, sorr ? I snored gently, knowing that if Mul- vaney were uninterrupted he would go on. The clamour from the bivouac fires beat up to the stars, as the rival singers of the companies were pitted against each other. " So I felt that way an* a bad time nt was. Wanst, being a fool, I wint into the married lines for the sake nv speakin* to our onld colour-sergint Shadd than for any thruck wid women-folk. I was ?. a corp*ril then-rejuced aftherwards, but a corp'ril then. I've got a rmotograft av mesilf tb prove ut. 'Tonil take a cup av tay wid nsf sez Shadd. ' I will that/, I sez, 'tho' tay is not ruy diversion.' " ' Twnd be better fer yon if ut were,' sez onld Mother Shadd, an' she had ought know, for Shadd, in the iud av his ser. vice, .dhrnnk bung-full each night. , " Wid that 1 tuk off my gloves-there was pipe-clay in thim, so that they stud alone-an' pulled up my chair lookin' round at the china ornamints an'bits av things in the Shadds' quarters. .They were things that belonged to af man, an' no camp-kit. here to-day au' dissipated next. .' You're comfortable in this place, sergint,' says I. "Tis the wife that did ut, boy,' sez he, pointin* the stem av his pipe to onld Mother Shadd, an* she smacked the top av his bald head apon the compliment. * That manes you want money,' sez she. "An' thin-an' thin whin the kettle was to be fillod, Dinah..came" in--my ? Dinah-her sleeves rowled up to the elbow, an' her hair in a wiukin' glory over her forehead, the big blue eyes ^beneath, twinklin' like stars on a frosty night,, an' the tread av her two. feet lighter than waste-paper from the colonel's basket in the ord'iy-room whin ut's emptied. Bein* j but a shlip av a çirl she went pink at i seein' me, an' I twisted me moustache an' j looked at a picture forniuBt the wall, j Niver show a woman that ye care, the snap av a finger for her, an' begad she'll come bleatin'to your boot-heels.'' . ? -, "I suppose that's why yon followed Annie Bragin till everybody in the married quarters laughed at you," said I, remembering that unhallowed wooing, abd casting off the disguise of drowsi- ness. " I'm layin' down the gin'ral theory av attack," said Mulvaney, driving his boot into the dying fire. "If yon read the ' Soldier's Pocket Book,' which niver any soldier reads, you'll see that there are exceptions. Whin Dinah was ont av the dopr (an' 'twas as tho' the snnlight had shut too)-'Mother av Hiven, sergiut/ says I» 'but is that your daughterP 'I've believed that way these eighteen Írears/ says ould Shadd, his eyes twink in'; 'but Mrs.. Shadd has her own opinion like iv'ry woman.' ' 'Tis wid yours this time, tor a mericle/ sea: mother Shadd. 'Thin why in the name of fortune did I niver see her before ?' sez L 'Bekaze you've been thrapesin' round wid the married women these three years past. She was a bit av a child till last year, an' she shot up wid the spring,' ses ould , Mother Shadd. I'll thrapese no more/ 867.1. ' D'you mane that F sez ould Mother Shadd, lookin' at me sideways, Uko a hen looks at a hawk whin the chickens are rennin' free. ' Try me, an* tell/ sez L Wid that I pulled on my gloves, dhrank off the doa, au' went out av the house as stiff as at gin'ral p'rade, for well I kuow that Dinah Sbadd's eyes were in the small av my back ont av Ibo scullery'window. Faith! that was the only time I monrned I was not à cavTry mau for the pride av the spars to jingle. "I wint out to think an' I did a powerful lot av thinkin', but ut all came Eound to that shlip av a girl in the dotted lue dress, with the blue eyes an' ¿he sparkil tn them. Then I kept off canteen, an' I kent to the married quartbers or near by on the chanst av meei in' Dinah. Did I meet herP Oh, my time past, did 1 not, wid a lump in my throat as big as my valise sn' my heart goin' like a farrier's forge on a Saturday morning!' 'Twas goad day to ye, Miss Dinah,' au' " Good day t' yon, corp'ril/ for a week or two, and divil a bit further rôuld I get bekaze air the respect I had to that girl that I cud' ha' broken betune finger an' thumb." : Here I giggled ss I recalled the gigantic figure of Dinah Shadd when sho handed vue my shirt. - " Te juay laugh," grunted Mulvaney. But I'm speskin' the trutY an* 'tis yon that are in fault. Dinah was a girl that wid ha' taken the imperiousness out av the Duchas av Clonmel in those days. Floner-haod, foot av -shod sir, an' the eyes av the Irvin' inorain' she had. That is my wife to-day-ould Dinah, and never aught oise than Dinah Shadd to me. " 'Twas after three weeks standin' off an' on, an* uiver makin headway excipt through the eyes, that a, little drummer boy grinned io me face whin I had ad- monished "bim wid the buckle av my belt tor riotin' all over the place.. ' Au I'm not the.only wan that doesn't kane to harricks/ ses he. I tuk him by the scruff of the neck,-my heart was bung on a hair-trigger those days, yon will onderstand-an' ' Out wid ut/ sez L ' 01 I'll leave no boho av you unbreakable.' 'Speak to Dempsey/ sez he howlin*. 'Demps'y which P' aez I, 'ye unwashed limb av Satan.' 'Av the Bob-tailed D.hragoons/ sez he. 'He's seen her home from her aunt's house in the .civil lines, four times this fortnight.' 'Child!' ses L dhropping him, ' your tongue's strongs* than your body. Go to your quarters, I'm sorry I dhressed you down.' 1 " At that I went four ways to wans! nuntin' Dempsey. I was mad to thin« wid all my airs among women a sbud ha been chated by a basin-faced fool av a cav'try-man not fit to trust on a trunk, pressingly I found him in our lines- the Bobtails was quartered next to us-an1 a tallowy, top-heavy son av she-mule ht was wid his big brass spurs, an' hie plastrons on his epigastrons an' all. But he never flinched a hair. . '"A word wid yon, Dempsey/ sez I ' You've walked with Dinah Shadd four times this fortnight gone/ 1 " ' What's that to you P' sez he. I'll walk forty times more an' forty on top av1 that, ye shovel-footed clodbreakin infantry lance-corp'ril." ' " Before I cud gyard he had his gloved fist home on raycheek, and down I went full sprawl. 'Will that content youP sez he, Mowin' on his knuckles for all thc world like a Scots Greys orfcer. 'Con- tent!' sez X 'Fer your own sake, man, take off your jackal aa' onglove. 'Tis the beginnin' av the overture ; stand up ! . " He stud all he know, bat he nivei {' teeled his jscket au' his shoulders had nt air play. I was fightin' for Dinah Shadd an' that cut on my cheek. What hope had he forninst meP 'Stand up/ sez I time an' again whiu ho was beginniu' tt qnartor the ground an' gyard high an' g< large. ' This isn't ridin'-school/ I sez, . O, man stand up an' let me get in at ye ! But when I saw he wad bs rannin' about, I grap his shtock in my left au' his waist belt in my right an* swung him clear tt my right front, head undoer, he hammer in my nose till the very wind wat knocked out av him on the bare ground 'Stand up/ sez I, 'or I'll kick your heac into your chest !' and I wad ha' done nt too, so ragin' mad I was. " ' My collar-bone's bruk,' sez ho. 'Help me back to (he lines. I'll walk wid her no more.' So I helped him back." "And was his collar-bono broken P" I asked, for I fancied that only Learoyd conld neatly accomplish that terrible throw. " He pitched on his left shoulder-point. Ut was. Next day the news was in both barracks, an' whin I met Dinah Shadd wid a cheek on me like all the reg'mental tailor's samples, there was no 'Good morniu', corp'ril,' or aught else. 'An' what hare I done Miss Shadd,' sez L very bould, plantin' mesilf foroinst her, ' that ye should not pass the time of day P' ' "'Ye've half-killed rough-rider Demp- sey,' sez she, her dear blue eyes fiUin' up. " ' May be,' sez I. ' Was he a friend av yours that saw ye home four times in the fortnight P' " * Yes,'sez she, bat her month was down at the corners. * An'-an' what's that to you?'she sez. "'Ask Dempsey,'sez I, pnrtending to go away. "'Didye fight for me then, ye silly man !' she sez tho' she knew ut all along. "'Who else F sez I, au' I tuk wan pace to the front. .fl wasn't worth nt,* sez she, fingerin* In her npron. u " ' That's for'me to say,' sez L « Shall IsayntP" " ' Yes,' sez she in a saint's whisper! an', at that I explained mesilf ; and she touid inp that ivry mau that is a mau, an' many that is a woman, hears wanst tn his life time. "'Butwhat made ye cry at startin', Dinah Darling P* sez I. " ' Your-your bloody cheek,' sez she, duckiu' her little head down on ray sash (I was on doty for the day) an' whimper- ing like a sorrowful angil. " Now a man cud take that two ways. I tnk nt as pleased rae best an' my first kiss wid ut. Mother av Innocence! but I kissed her on the tip av the nose an* lindner the eye ; an' a girl that lets a kiss come tumble ways like that has never boon kissed before. Take note av that, Borr. Thin wtut hand:in-haud to onld Mother Shadd like two little childher, an' she said 'twas no bad thiug, an' onld Shadd nodded behind his pipe, an' Dinah ran away to her room. That day I throd on rollin' clonds. All earth was too small to honld me. Begad, I cud ha' hiked the sun out av the sky for a live coal to my pipe, so magnifiaient I was. But I took recruities at squad-drill instid, an* began wid general bataillon advance when I shud ha' been balance stoppiu* them. Eyah! that day ! that day ! A very long pause. Well P" said I "'Twas all wrong," said. Mulvaney, with an enormous sigh. " An' I know tbatev'ry bit av ut was my own foolish- ness. That night I tuk may be the half av three pints-not enough to turn the hair of a man in hu natural senses. But I was more than half drunk wid : pure joy, an' that canteen beer was eo muon whisky to me. I can't tell how it came about, but bekaze I had no thought for anywan except Dinah, bekaze I hadn't slipped her little white arms from my neck five minute, bekaze the breath of her kiss was not gone from my mouth, I must go through the married lines on my way to quarters, an' I must stay talking to a redheaded Mullingar heifer av a girl, Judy Sheehy, that was daugh- ter to Mother Sheehy the wife of Nick Sheehy, the canteen sergint-the black ourse av Shielygh be on the whole brood that are above gronn' this day ! "'An' what are ye houldin' yonr head that high for, corp'ril P' sez Judy. ' Come . in an' thry a cnp of tay,' she sez, standin' in the doorway. Bein' an ontrnstable fool, an' thinkin' av - anything but tay,. I wine. '"Mother's at canteen," sez Jndy, smoothie' the hair av hers that was like red snakes, an' looking' at me cornerwavs out av her green cats* eyes. 'Ye will not mind, corp'ril !" '"lean endure,' sez I; onld Mother Sheehy bein' no diversion av mine, nor her daughter too. Judy fetched the tea things an' put thim on the table leanin' over me very close to get them square. I dhrew back thinkin' av Dinah. " ' Is ut afraid you are av a girl alone P' sez Judy. " ' No,' sez I. « Why should I be P" " ' That rests wid the girl,' sez Jndy, dhrawin' her chair next, to mine. '"Thin there let nt rest,' sex I; an' thinkin' I'd been a trifle onpolUe, I sez, ' The tay's not quite sweet enough for my taste. Put your little finger in the cup, Judy. 'Twill make ut necthar." " ' What's nect har f sez she. "' Somefchin' very sweet,' sez I ; an' for the sinful life av me I could not help lookin' at her out av the corner av my eye, as I was used to look at a woman. "'Go on wid ye, corp'ril,' sez she. ' You're a flirrt.* " ' On me sowl I not,' sez I. '"Thenyou're a cruel, handsome tuan, an' that's worse,' BOZ she, heaving big signs'an'jlookin' crossways. " ' Yon know yonr own mind,* sez I. " ' 'Twud bs better for me if I did not,' sez sbe. '"There'ss dale to be said on both sides av that,' ses L unthinkin'. " ' Say your own part av nt, then, Ter renee, darlin',' ses she ; ' for begad I'm thinkin' Tve sed too much or too little for an honest girl,' and «rid that she pats her round me neck an' kisses me. .* ' There's no more to be said after that,' sez I, kissin' her bask again-Oh -the mane scutt that I was. my head ringin' with Dinah Shadd ! How does ut come about, sorr, that when a man has put the comether ou wan woman, he's sure bound to put it on another P Tis tho same thing at musketry. Wan day ivryshot goes wide or into the bank, au' the next, lay high lay loir, sight or snap, ye can't get off the bullseye for ten shots runnin'." "That only happens to a man who has had a good doal of experience. He does it without thinking," I replied. " Thankin' you for the compUmint, sorr, ut may be so. But I'm doubtin' whether . yon mint 'ut for « compUmint. Hear now ; I sat there wid Judy on my knee tellin' me all manner av nonsinse an' only savin' 'yes' an' 'no/ when Td much better ha' kept tongue between teeth. An' that was not au hour after I had left Dinah ! What I was thinkin' av I cannot say. Presintly, qniet as a eat, ould Mother Sheehy come in veket- dhrunk. She had her daughter's red bair, but 'twas bald in patches, an' I end see in her wicked ould face, clear as lightnin', what Judy would be twenty years tb come. I Was for juropin' up, but Judy uiver moved. " ' Terence has promust, mother/ sez she, an' the could sweat bruk out all ore/ ¡me. Ould Mother Sheehy sat down of a 'heap an' began playin' wid tho cups. 'Thin yon're a well-matched pair/ sez she very thick. 'For he's the biggest rogue that iver spoiled the Queen's shoe* leather, an'-* " ' I'm off, Judy/ sez I. ' Ye should not talk nonsince to your motlier. Get her to bcd, girl. "'Nonsinse!' sez the ould woman, prickin' np her ears like a cat an' grippin' the table-edge. * I will be the : most nnnsinsical nonsinse for you, ye grinnin* ' badger, if nonBinse 'tb. Oit clear, you. Tra gobi' fobed.' " I iran out into the dhark, my head - in a stew an' my heart sink, but'I had sines enough ito see that I had brought ntallou mysilf. 'It's this to pass the time av dsy to apanjandhrum av hell-cats/ sex I. * What I ve said, an' what I have not mid do not watthér. ' Judy an' her dam will honld me for a promust man, an' Dinah will give me to go, an' 1 dosarve ut. I, WiU go an'getdhrunk/sez I, 'an'forget about ut, for'tis plaiu I'm not a marrin* man.'. ?'< « "On my way to the canteen I ran against Lascalles, the colour-sergeant that was av E comp'ny-a hsrd, hard man, wid a torment av a wife. * You've the head av a drowned man on your shoulders/ sez he; 'an' you're goin* Where you'll get a worse wan. Come back/ sez he% ' Let rae go/ sez I # ' I've thrown my look over the wall wid my own hand !' ' Then that's not the way to get ut back agin/ aez he. ' Have out wid Îour throuble, ye fool-boy.' An* I tould im how the matther was. " He sacked in his lower lip. ' You've been thrapped/ sez he. ' Ju Sheehy wud be betther for a man's name to hers as Boon as can. An' ye thought ye'd put the comether on- her-that's the natural vanity of the baste. Terence, you're a big born fool, but you're not bad enough to marry into that comy'ny. If you said anythin', au' for aU your protestations I'm sore* ye did-or did not which is worse-eat ut ali-lie like the father of aU Hes, but come out av ut free of Judy. Do I not know what ut is to marry « woman that was the very spit an' image av Judy when she was young P I'm get tin' old an' I've larnt patience, but you Terence, you'd raise hand on Judy and kill her in a year. Never mind if Dinah gives you the go, you've deserved ut; - never mind if the whole regi'mint laughs at you all day. Get shut av Judy an' her mother. They can't dhrag you to church ; bat if they do, they'll drag you to hell. Go back to your quarters and lay down,* sez he. Then over his . shoulders, ' You must ha' done with thim.' *' Next day I went to see Dinah : bat there wes no tucker in me as I walked. I knew the throuble would come soon enough widout any handlin' av mine, an' 1 dreaded ut sore. " ' I heard Judy catlin* me ; but I hild straight on to the Shadds' quarthers, an' Dinah wud ha' kissed me, hat I put her hack. " ' Whin all's said, darlin'/ sez I, ' ypn can give ut me if ye will, tho' I misdoubt t'wiflbe so easy to come by then." '" I had scarce begun to give the expia* nation into shape before Judy an' her mother came to the door, I think there was a verandah, bat I'm forgettin'. "'WiU ye not step in P' sez Dinah, pretty and polite, though the Shadds had no dealin's with the Sheehys. Old Mother Shadd looked Up quick, an' she was -tho first to see the throuble, for Dinah wee her daughter. "'Fm pressed for time to-day,' se Jody, as bold as brass; 'au* I've ord; come for Terence-my promnst mao "Tis strange to find him here the da; either the day.' " Dinah looked at me as though I ha< hit her, sa' I answered straight. " ' There was some nonsince last nigh at the Sboehy's qnsrtbers, an' Judy' earryin' on the joke, darlin*,' ses I. " ' At the " Sheohy's qnarthers V se Dlnah¿ tory slow| an' Juay eui in wid ' He was there from nine till ten, Dina! Shadd, an' the bettor half of that time " was eittin' on Iiis knee, Dinah Shadd Te may look, an' ye may look me up an ye may look me doini, bot ye «ron loo! away that Terence is my promnst man Terence, darlin', 'tis time for us th hi goin' home.' " Dinah Shadd nirer said a word U Judy. ' Te left me at half-past eight, sex she to mo, * an' I never thought thai ye'd leave me for Judy, promises or ni Eromises. Go back wid her, you thai »ve to be fetched hv a girl ! I'm dom with yon,' sos she, and she ran into bei own room, ber mother foUowln', Bo ] was alone with those two women, and al liberty to spake my sentiments. "'Judy Sheehy/ sez I, 'if you madel fool av me betune the lights yon shall no! do nt in the day. I uiver promised yoi words or lines.' ''" " Ton lie,' eez ould Mother Sheehy, an may ut choke yon where yon stand !' Shi was far gone in dhrink. " * An' tho* ut choked me where I stud rd not change/ sez I. 'Go home, Judy I take shame for a decent girl like you dhraging your mother out bare-headed, on this errand. Here sow and have it_ foi an answer. I gave my. word to Diuali Shadd yesterday, an*, more more blame tc me, I was wid yon last night talina1 nonsinse, but nothiu' more. You've chosen to thry to hould me on ut. I will not be held thereby for anything in thé world. Is that enough P' "Judy what pink all over. 'An* ] wish you joy av the perjury/ sez shoi dnckw* a curtsey. * You've lost a woman Stat would ha' wore her hand to the bone for yonr pleasure ; an' 'deed, Terence, ye were not thrapped. . .' LacelleB must have spoken plain to her. 'lam such as Dinah is-''deed lam! Ye've lost a fool av a girl that'll nirer look at you again, -anV-ye've .lost what yo uiver band-your common honesty, J If yon manage your men as you manage your love- makiu' small wonder they call you the worst corp'ril in the comp'ny. Gome away, mother/ see she. .. «But di vii a fut would the onld woman budge!. D'you hould by thatf* sos she peenh' np ander her thick eyebrows. "* Ay an'wad, sez I, «tho* Dinah give rae the go twinty times. I'll have no throck with yon or yours/ see I. 'Take your child away, ye shameless woman." "'An'am I shameless ?' sez she, bring lp* hór hands up above her head. - 'Thin what are yon, ye tyin*, schamiu', weak kneed, dhirty-sonled son av a entler P Am J . shameless P Who pnt the open shame on me an' my child that we shad ' go begginvthrough the lines in the broad daylight for the broken word pf a mau P Double portion of my shame be on yon, ^Terence Mulvaney, that think yourself so strong! By Mary and, the saints, by blood and water an' by ívry sorrow that «ame into the world since the beginnin', > the black blight fall on you and yours, so -that you may never be free from pain for another whin ut's not your own! May Sour heart bleed in your breast drop by rop with all your friends langhin'*t th« bleediu*'! Strong you think yourself ? May your strength be a curse to yon, to derive yon into the divil's hands against your own will! Clear-eyed yon are? May yonr eyes see clear every step av the , dark path yon take till the hot cindhers av hell put thim out! May the ragin' thirst in me ould bones go to you that yon shall uiver pass bottle fall nor glass empty. God preserve the light av your onderstandin* to me, you jewel av a bhoy, that ye may uiver forget what you mint to be an' do, when you're wallowin' in the muck! May you see the betther and follow the worse as long as there's breath in yonr body ; an' may ye die quick in a strange land, watchin' your death before ot takes yon, an' onable you to stir hand or foot!' . " I heard a scufflin' in the room behind, and then Dinah Shadd's hand dhroppod into raine like a raseleaf into a maddy road. " * The half av that I'll take/ sex she, * an' more to if I caa. Go home, ye silly tallón' woman-go home an confess.' "'Gorae away ! Gome away !' .sez Judy, pulliu* her mother by the shawl. . 'Twas none of Terence's fault. For the love av Mary, stop the talkin' !' \- "'Au'youl' said onld Mother Sheehy, spinnin' round f orninst Dinah.' " Will ye take the half av that man's loadP Stand off from him, Dinah Shadd, before he takes yon down too-you that look to be a quarther-master-sergeant's wife ia five years. Toa look too high, child. You look too high, child. You shall wash for the quartuer-master-Bergeant, whin he {lases to give yon the job out av charity ; ut a privit's wife you shall be to the end, í and* every sorrow of a privit's wife you shall know and uiver a joy but waa, that shall go from you like the running tide from a rook. Tho paio av beariu' yon shall know but uiver the pleasure av gi vmg the breast : au' you shall put away a mau child into tlie common ground wid never a priest to say a prayer over bim, an' on that man-child ye shall think ivory day av your life. , Think long, Dinah Shadd, for you'll uiver have another Ibo' yeti pray till your knees are bloedinV The mothers av childer shall mock you behind your, back when you're wringing over the Wash-tub. Toa «hall know what nt is to help a drunken husband home 'au ace him, go to the gyard room. Will that piase, you, Dinah Shadd, that won't be seea talkin' to my daughter? You shall talk , to- worse than Judy before all's over. The aergint's wife shall look down, on you contemptuous, daughter av a sergint, au' you shall corer nt all up wid a smiling face whin your heart's burstiu'. Standoff av "him, Dinah Shadd, for I've put the black curse of Sbielygh upon him an* his own mouth shall make it good." " She pitched forward x>n..her head au' began foarain' st the month. Dinah Shadd ran out wid water, an' Judy dragged the ould woman into the veran- dah till she sat up. "4 I'm old an' forlorn,' she sez, tremol- ín' an' cryiu', ' au' 'tis like I say a dale ; more than I mane.' " ' When you're able to walk-go,' eos ould Mother Shadd. 'This house hasao j place for the likes ev you that have cursed my daughter, "'Eyah!' said the ould woman, j ' Hard words break no bones, an* Dinah I Shadd 'll kape the love av her husband j till my bones are green coró. Judy j darlin*, I miaremimber what I came here' for. Csu you lend us the bottom av a tayenp av tay, Mes. Shadd P' "But Judy dragged her off, çryin' as tho* her heart wud break. An' Dinah Shadd an' I, in ten minutes we had forgot ut all." .* Then why do you remember it now P" said I. "ls nt like I'd forget P Ivry word that wicked ould woman spoke fell throe in my life aftherwards, an' I cud ha' stud; nt all-«tad at all--excipt whin my little ähadd was born. That was on the Une av march, three months af thor the regi mont was taken with the cholera. We were betune Umballa an' Kalka thin, au' I was on picket. Whin I came off duty 'the woman showed me the child au' nt turned on uta side au' died ns I looked. We buried bim by the road, sn' Father Victor was a dey'« march behind wid the heavy baggage, so the comp'ny captain read. a prayer. An' since then F ve been à childless man an* all else1 that oatt Mother Sheehy put upon roe1 an* Dinah' Shadd. What do yon think, sorr ?" I thought a good deal, but it seemed better then to - reach out for Mulvoney's hand. The demonstration nearly cost me the ase of three fingers. Whatever he knows of his weakness, Mulvaney is entirely ignorant of his strength. 