CARDINAL MANNING. OIXVEB CBOMWELL. , (BY W. T. STEAD, IN "THE REVIEW OF REVIEWS.") It will probably surprise most people when I say that the first conversation I ever had with the Cardinal dwells in my memory chiefly because of the eulogy which he pronounced on the character of Cromwell. I am an Independent, and the son of an Independent, and lam proud to belong to a denomination which can boast the Lord Protector as its Hero-Saint. His portrait, painted on an oak panel of the seventeenth century, looks down upon me from the walls of my new sanctum; and his day of " double victory and death" (3rd September) ranks with 30th January as one of the redletter days of my year. In the course of a long and interesting conversation the name of Oliver was mentioned. I said I supposed he was in scant favour with a Roman CarainaL " You are mistaken," said he; " you are WnnTrfng only of Ireland, and what he did there. I put that entirely on one side. In Ireland Cromwell acted not as a Christian, but as a Moslem. But, looking at him apart from that Irish expedition, I have always regarded Oliver Cromwell as the greatest man ever produced by the English race. No other ruler, before or since, has united in equal degree such faith in the Imperial destinies of England abroad and such passionate concern for the welfare of the com. mon people at home." As it is much more to me to be in agreement with any one about Cromwell than to agree about the dogma of infallibility, an Anglican frieud, to whom I repeated the remark, sneered as he replied, " How I admire the wily Cardinal, and how well he knew his bird." " OLIVES EAOHWELL is NOT DEAD." Cardinal Manning never " puts on side.'' There are those who say that in dealing with men of his own faith he is more of the Pnnce of the Church than he is with those who are of other communions. But so far as I have seen him he has always been the same—genial and hospitable. I have seen him at all hours between 10 and 10, and never found hi™ disturbed by my intrusion. Possibly if people called upon him merely for gosBip he might oe different. I have usually gone on business of one kind or another, and^have always found him and position u Cardinal explained that the Catholic Church was held in all honour and treated with all respect in this Protestant country. He drew quite an ideal picture of the freedom enjoyed by the Catholics under the dominion of the Queen, and said : " My priests are a very devoted body of men, but so completely has the ancient' prejudice died out that I sometimes think that we are even too well thought of in England. Bat," said he, afterwards, " I always remind them that our Church in England is respectcd because it respects the rights of others, and claims nothing for itself beyond the equal rights enjoyed by every British citizen. If I were to claim to exercise any superiority or ascendancy, or to demand any privilege which was not possessed by anyone else, what a 6torm there would be! Never forget," said he, " that in England Oliver Cromwell is not dead. He is only sleeping, and atany moment he may wake up." ' NONCONFORMISTS ADD ANGLICANS. The Cardinal, as he has told the world many times, was led to the Church of Rome because he believed that there alone covld be found absolute certainty. As there seems to be nothing more absolutely certain in the world than that the Church has been absolutely mistaken in many of the most important issues on which it has pronounced judgment from time to time, there has always been wide room for discussion. But to the Cardinal the Nonconformists are nearer the Catholic Church than the Anglicans ; and of the Nonconformists the nearest are the Quakers. The Quakers, he has frequently said, hold fast to the fundamental truth of the reality of the work of the Holy Ghost. " They limit the workings of the Divine Spirit to the individual soul of man. All that they need to learn to come into the fulness of truth is that the Holy Spirit also works through the Church of GocL" He was particuileasedat my recognition of the like' character of the service of the C&tholic; Church. The morning Mass is' a Quakers' meeting plus a genuflecting celebrant, whose presence you need not even notice if you close your eyes. Of Nonconformists in general I have always heard him speak in the kindest terms. He quoted with approval the saying of Mr. Lowell, who, on hearing some one lightly predict the coming downfall of England, remarked—" If you knew England as I do, you would know that the Nonconformists have created in the hearts of the English people a virile force and strong - integrity which will enable England to pass safely through crises which have overwhelmed other empires." HIS LOVE FOB CHELDBEN. Unlike most Roman ecclesiastics, Cardinal Manning had the advantage of having lived in the ordinary human relations. When he speaks of the home as the sacred foundation of society, he differs from the normal priest, who by $ae conditions of his calling is homeless and wifelesB. Cardinal Manning has been married. He has had a home. He is, therefore, not cut off as by an abyss from the lives of other men. His love for children is with him an abiding passion, and it is this which constitutes the close tie of sympathy between him and Mr. Waugh, the indefatigabln director of the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, which has been so extraordinarily misrepresented by Dr. Barnardo. It was in concert with Mr. Waugh that the Cardinal published " The Child of the English Savage"—that terrible paper which first roused the conscience of ourpeople to their duties to the outcast child. It was through the Cardinal that Her Majesty intimated her intention to become patron of Mr. Waugh's society ; and in the Cardinal Mr. Waugh has found from first to last an energetic and invaluable ally in all that he has striven to do for the benefit of the children of England. Many have been the speculations as to the figure which the Cardinal will make in historv. Some have pictured him as the tribune of the poor, others as an incipient Hildebrand, others as a nineteenth-century Loyola, but I prefer to think of him as the loving-hearted old uicji, who, when his heart is filled with ecstacy after a meditation on the life and the love of the Lord, feels impelled to go forth among the crowds of children playing in the London parks, and silently blesses them in the name of Him who said, " Suffer the little children to come unto Me, and forbid them not, for of such is the kingdom of heaven." During the time of the agitation that led to the passing of the Criminal Law Amendment Act m 188o the Cardinal was my most effective ally. He was to me from first to last as a tower of strength and unfailing help in every time of need. It was he who suggested the Mansion- house Committee, on which he subsequently served, and he covered me as with a shield by his generous and his unstinted support. I remember at an early stage in the proceedings I remarked with a smile that I might find myself in gaol before the work was done. He remarked—" Well, if so, I will come and see you there.'' He was not well enough that dismal and foggy winter to come to Houoway, nor was there any need, for the imprisonment which I had anticipated was of a very different kind to that which I actually enjoyed. What was feared was tthat before the work was done, when no one understood what was aimed at, I might have been run in and punished as if I had actually committed the crime I was seeking to expose. After the Criminal Law Amendment Act was passed, the subsequent trial and imprisonment did not count. The only purpose which they served was to immeasurably increase the impression produced by the original revelations, and force one out of an anonymity which until then had beat so strictly guarded that my name was hardly known to anyone beyond my family and professional circle. Certainly no benefit which my kindest friend ever conferred upon me has ever done me as much good in every direction as the process by which it was sought to crush me. But it was a trying time while it lasted, ai.d the Cardinal stood by me through it all in face of a storm of obloquy which would have daunted most men. I look back upon that year with boundless gratitude to the innumerable friends, most of them before unknown, who supported ms with a zeal and enthusiasm which I was far from deserving. And among my Catholic supporters there was none so staunch and true as the Cardinal. The first letter which I received in Coldbath Fields prison, which was given me at a time when I was forbidden to; receive any letters, was from the Cardinal. It was a greeting which it was well worth having gone to gaol to receive. " November 11,1885. " My Dear Mr. Stead,—' All things work together for good to them that love God.' You have served Him with a single eye. And the work has been done as you wrote on the sentence. No sentence can undo it. You quoted my words in the North. You have now the crown upon your work, that is to suffer f errors of judgment and a literal breach of the law which left the moral life of England almost without defence. I have so strongly felt this and have so clearly seen through the animosities against you that I believe what has now befallen will work some unforeseen and greater good for your consolation. Whatsoever it may be in my power to do shall be done. May God give you His peace.—Believe me, always yours very faithfully, HENKY E., Card. Nobly did he fulfil his promise. Never have I appealed to him from that time to this to help me in any work in which we were of one mind that I cud not find him ready to help to the uttermost of his power. AN IMPERIAL ENGLISHMAN. When Mr. Cecil Rhodes was last in London we had some talk concerning those Englishmen who really cared for the Empire and believed in England, and were capable of taking wide viewB. In my list of those who answered to that description I put the Cardinal at the top. A truer patriot never breathed English air. During all the years that I have known him there has never been an effort made to strengthen England abroad or to protect her at home that he has not been in the forefront. Whether it has been the strengthening the navy, the defeat of the Channel tunnel, the development of the volunteers, the cheapening of postage over sea, or the advocacy of Imperial Federation, you could always count upon the Cardinal. In one respect undoubtedly Rom has a beneficial effect upon her clergy. It tends to give them a wide outlook. It familiarises them with the conception of the world as a whole, which delivers them from parochialism. You see this in any Irish priest who was educated abroad; you feel it at every turn in the Archbishop's palace. But although the Cardinal corresponds every week in Latin, French, and Italian, he only thinks in English. Ho combines the spirit of a Palmerston with the philanthropy of a Shaftesbury, and mingles with both a tenderness and patience and kindly sympathy for the like of which I look in vain among other men. FEXETEB»HALL IN L.~£ED HAT. Yet his patriotism and his high Imperialism never blind him to the claims of Ireland and the rights of the subject races. He is a Home Ruler to the heart's core. No man that I know, not of Irish birth, has so sincere an admiration of the Irish people as Cardinal Manning. Ireland is to him always the Isle of the Saints. At the Vatican Council the Irish bishops seem to stand out morally and intellectually above their brethren from other English-speaking lands. When their faults come to light, he excuses them on the OTound of the oppression of centuries. Their faults are their oppressors', their virtues are all their own, or rather are due to the Catholic Church, which counts the children of St. Patrick as its missionary nation. "When Archbishop Walsh was being vehemently abused, he hastened publicly to take his stand by his side and identify himnulf with his Iris'i brother. For Archbishop Croke he has always entertained a deep personal veneration. But although he is strong for Home Rule he has constantly set his face as a flint against the dismemberment of the Imperial Parliament that was contemplated when in an evil hour Mr. Gladstone proposed to expel the Irish members from Westminster. It. is not only the Irish whom the Cardinal regards as his clients. All subject races are to him of peculiar interest. He is- indeed a kind of personified Exeter-hall under a cardinal's hat. Whether it is for the abolition of slavery, the suppression of the slave trade, the prevention of the sale of drink to the native races, the Cardinal is always to the fore. Nor are his sympathies limited to those people with whom we have to do. Far be it from me to pry into the mysteries of the Curia ; but it is an open secret that Cardinal Manning, together with Cardinal Gibbons, has roared no effort to convince the Vatican that the day of the dynasties is past, and that the era of the peoples has fully dawned. THE CHRISTIAN SOCIALIST. The Social question is to Cardinal Manning the question of questions. The condition of the people, the improvement of their homes,'the removal of their temptations—all questions relating to the amelioration of their lot—are constantly with him. He is in hot revolt against the stony-hearted bureaucratic machinery of our Poor Law, and he is so fax a Socialist as to lay down in the strongest terms that " a starving man has a natural right to his neighbour's bread. So strict is this natural right that it prevails over all positive laws of property." They must know little of life, he is constantly reminding us, " who do not know what ruin of men and women comes from the straits of poverty." There is an admirable article in the third volume of his " Miscellanies" which is entitled " A Pleading for the Worthless," which is imbued with the Bpiritof Him who came to seek and to save those who are lost. Nor is it only in articles that the Cardinal preaches. His whole life is devoted to the same task. In the dockers' strike—of which I say nothing, for the incidents are so fresh in public memory—he only did on a wider platform, and in sight and hearing of a larger audience, what he spends his life in doing on a smaller scale. 