A LEO-END OP "HAUNTED" GULLY. (BR WILLIAM SYLVESTER WALKER.) \- A TINTED Gully was ^.haunted no longer. The two original prospectors who had named the place had been absorbed, and almost forgotten in the concourse of diggers, whoso new log huts, claims, and constantly agitated windlasses be spoke the eviction of the genus loci, which was popularly supposed to brood over the buried gold of this deep and densely- wooded ravine. French Billy had explained the early existing error attached to the locality, and I confess.that the hitherto secluded spot was rifled of its charms as lie did so. " You see," said he, with much excite . ment, " those two fellows work like niggerg, two-tree-week, when they go to the township and drink cognac, plenty -too much-then come back in the night, fall down, roll down the gully, lose their swags-then they say the place is hanted-ghosts take away their, things, . Sacrel they get drunk, that's., all. Considering that Billy, on his first pilotage of myself to the Gully, had pointed out a swag reposing against a tree, half "W»y down one of the sides of the great rift, where it had apparently \- been brought to a sudden stop in its .downward career, and reflecting also that we discovered that same afternoon a new tin billy, a small bag of flour, and a pick-handle, afc various points, and that when after infinite pains, we had carried these articles and our own tools to the prospector's hut, half , way up the other side of the ravine, we had been .received with smiles and unlimited offers of battle-axe, I came to the conclusion that Billy was right. As to the pros pectors, they didn't care. They were on good gold, and had probably spread the report of ghostly thieves to scare away intruders. But sticking so constantly to the same place was against them. They were watched and the new rush began, headed by ourselves. It was not long before our party of,five had run up a substantial log hut, and were living in clover, retiring to rest in our bunks, at night literally tired out, and-oh, delightful life-dreaming of unearthing the largest nugget ever heard of. ' With tho exception of never'knowing /Jwhat Jemmy, our new chum partner, would be up to next, our lines had indeed chancel, upon pleasant places, aud when the' pudding machind was finished we considered that we should be able to make plenty of.tribute money, even if our-,owii claim turned :out -to bo a duffer. It w.is no sinecure, this looking^aftcr Jemmy. You couldn't trust linn to worjc for more t han j.teii minutes at ,a time without flinging down- his shovel and rualiintc off like a; maniac to wash a prospect. lie.had already set tini;tovthe... hut,- and had demolished a-valuable^v 'possum rug in his efforts ' to put .it. out . again. He had ..boiled./all..- the horn . handles off .our. knives .aud: [forks, and. had got bushed nine times', . when-.all hands had to;, turn out with' Iiottle-lari-'j: terns to find him.. Our ..SundayHwere.^generally; iqniely sometimes varied by a longprospecting ?" walk witlrsome experienced digger, who: would read gold-sign in the rain runlets like & book, and beguile the way with divers ntories of digging life, and the evening generally saw our party, seated ih^cojiclave, sometimes reading, some times singing, but always ready to rush : into the all-absorbing topic-gold- find ing, at the.slightest hint from any one. It was on these occasions that our ' .sanctum would be invaded by diggers, with specimens- nuggets, crystallised . quartz, garnets, and zircons. Once I ^remember seeing two sapphires that had ''been picked out of the tailings from the -'cradles, but we did not then know the value, or even the identity of many of the atones--all hands would gather round, and minutely examine tliem, and yarns would be spun of old days-Ben digo and Walhalla old days, until we felt refreshed and satisfied. At other times our Sundays would be uneventful until " Sauerkraut" dropped in to en liven them. Of course, Sauerkraut was not his real name. No one ever owned up to a real name on the diggings-" Bill the Pointer," "Jack the Butcher," or " Swanhill Jem," were good enough for us. i Wo always answered to them. I daresay some of us forgot occasionally ' both christian and surname, or only surmised, in a sort of half-doubting won derment that we had once( owned such a title, together with a silk hat and a pair of gloves, in a distant and far- off existence, as it were. Hans Haupiiiann was the name given by his godfather and godmother to the indi vidual in question, but French Billy had rechristened him, under :.th« in fluence of MarteU's brandy, aifd the cognomen had adhered like sticking plaster. ' ' . With all (his quaint, foreign '.ways, Sauerkraut - was beloved in Haunted 'Gully.' ' No?/: one : could look upon his '/.friendly, honest Teutonic face, beaming upon,everyone, without feeling a thrill of interest in the man himself. Ho had only one fault, lie was a victim to' deep sinkirig-not gold-mining though he had experienceda plethora of that also buthe was given to sudden spasmodic , outbursts of hard drinking! . " It tont matter boys," he would say; when remonstrated with by hi.-j friends, who had pulled him through a sharp alcoholic attack. "It dont matter, I haf none left in de vorldt to care for me, and mein leetle fraulein she is ted, and the grass grow green above her grave in de Liebenwalde, X see mine ^fault as well as you, but it tont matter." ^ _ ' Sauerkraut had worked his claim with varying success, always hutting, or in' other words, living alone. Good luck invariably ended in a carouse, and he would ehierge from a bout as one who had come back from the dead. He had, when debarred from our society, two constant companions one inanimate, the other dumb. Yet from the former he could evoke such sweet and solemn strains, that his solitude was solitude no longer, and many a digger, passing his rude hut 6n the hillside after nightfall would pause and li3ten, and perchance remarking to himself, with bated breath, that " Sauerkraut was on the picolo again," stroll on in meditative mood. The other friend was a rough but sympathetic dog, named Schneider. As we turned away one night and de scended the zigzag track down the gully the strains of the resuscitated man's flute stole gently on our ears and senses,' the air, that sweet, pathetic, American, mefcdy, Way down upon de Swanr.ee riber, . -Happy was I. seeming to incorporate 'itself with,,the. rustling of the leaves and .the chirp o£ the tree crickets and to harmonise: with the twinkling stars and the perfumed summer evening until, it added a solemn peaceful benediction upon the unbridled and reckless' license of an Australian digging camp. , Apprehending no evil consequences we" had loft a bottle of three star Hen nessy for him to taper on, for.Sauerkraut was not a constant toper, and once thoroughly recovered he would, not touch the fatal beverage for months to gether. When able to shoulder pick and shovel lie always worked hard again, and would often visit our log hut on Sun days, his eye bright and his skin clear. Even Schneider was-a different dog on these occasions, and dictated and wrote out volumes of canine affection on the door with his tail. The only apprehen sion which seem to exist in Schneider's mind-for there is 110 doubt he pos sessed one-was brought into play by the sight of a bottle. Then he shrank apparently into his shaggy skin, and be came more like a door-mat than a" dog. A gleam of great pity crept into his eyes, and his tail lay motionless beside him. But Sauerkraut never touched a dram, after the first hospitable offer we never sought to tempt him. He was very grateful to us, and by desire would produce his flute and while away the time delightfully. From time tq time as the months and weeks rolled on he would drop in casually, leaving some times a present of wild honey fresh in the comb, at others, a wallaby or a.brace of wild duck. . ' About three months after the occa sion to which I have alluded Sauerkraut disappeared, and it was conjectured that his wandering habits had prevailed upon him to leave the camp and prospect in soiiiu remote locality. Conjecture gave place to certainty after a visit to his: hut; where it was discovered that he had taken his gun, pick, shovel, and swag,' leaving a note tacked to the door containing/the following information in his well-known Geriwiu characters "'.Bui's;-;l liiivti'ffme to prospect the Cleve land Ranges ami don't reckon tube back for a fortnight. . . The only way to these ranges lay through >. almost impenetrable ti-tree scrubPfio thick that a track must be cut with bill-hook or tomahawk, to give one evon.room to crawl on all-foura through it. But as we knew the traveller would not have to strike on to this peculiar country until a good half-day's journey from Haunted Gully, so wo felt anxious no longer, and soon grew accustomed to the absence of our friend." One evening, as wo were sitting in cheery confabula tion, however, we were startled by the sudden appearance of Schneider. Never before or since has there been such a dog. He was footsore, half blind, draggled, torn, and bleeding. Finding that Sauerkrirut did not turn up with him, as we expected, we became alarmed, the more so, as the poor animal appeared strangely excited, occasionally giving a low, moaning whine, and then a series of short, quick barks. . We fed him, and he devoured the food raven ously. Then lie drank eagerly, but e;very now and then rushed to the door, and fiually conducted himself in such an outrageous fashion that we concluded that some accident had happened to his ^master ; so getting our bottle lanterns we let hitn out, lato as it was, and followed hiin. From our log cabin he went to his master's abode. Once there, with more than canine sagncity, he howled and rushed forward on the track leading away from it. Then dashing back and barking, he plainly showed us that we were to follow. . We enverged from the gullies, pitfalls, and waterfalls of the long dark hours on to a small plain. Before us, kissed by tbe'snn, lay the Cleveland Ranges some ten miles off. At tho end of the plain, ti-tree scrub rose like a solid wall, stretching away sideways and ahead] as far as the eye could reach. Tho mist was rolling away in phantom columns, and we knew that the work before Ub was-j no child's play. Schneider went straight' to the ti-tree. For the next six miles we struggled through a track freshly cut in the scrub, in some places having to crawl for long distances ; but at length getting through, stifl", cramped, bruised, and utt rly exhausted, we cumo to the watershed ©f a lovely creek fringed with flowering eucalypti, ablazo with gorgeous parrots. The dog took us to a rude bark gunyali. Inside lay Sauerkraut dead-a shot wound in his breast. In the stiffened fingers of h's loft hand was his pocket-book open where these Jines were pencilled :-" I hnve accident rait my gun. I fall-she shoot me. In the creek look. It is ruby tin -there is thousands." Here the writ ing broke off'. Death had olivimet! his victim. And' within twenty yards of the corpse, the gleaming laughing waters wantoned over the very richest stream tin yet discovered under this Southern Cross. What - Sauerkraut hud found, and perished in finding, proved to bo a mine of wealth to hundreds of diggers and speculators, and on the spot, where ho died, a granite column, surrounded by an iron railing, bears the incription : HANS HAUPTMANN, PcKMUiR PIONEER anID .FOUNDER. op CLEVELAND TOWNSHIP. It is needless to say that we took care of Schneider, but a suttled melan choly pervaded his being, and he became a changed dog, and one morning, on going out of the hut, I found him pulseless, cold, and stiff in the eai;l/ sun rays. He had been faithful unto death. 