South Australian Farmers' Mutual Association A MEETING of the Executive Committee of the above was hold in the Gladstone Institute on Saturday last, 18th inst. There were present Messrs. J. Pearce (in the chair) and hj. (Joe, Vico-r residents ; Messrs. ej. Oopley, J. Miller, J. P., E. Matthieson and Hon. W. Copley, Committee ; and Mr. W. H. Binney. General Secretary. TUft Anmrmnn in AnnniAiv avnuftfiBAW vtr\/v/A A llu ViiUK 1 1 1 1. I A III wpuuill CApiCOOCVI I rgt cu at the absence of the President (Mr. W. J. Venning) through illness. Minutes of previous meeting were read and confirmed. finance. Receipts since last meeting, £8 Is. Id.; Accounts passed for payim-tit, £7 10s. 8d. i CORRESPONDENCE. From the Sectional Committee of the Corn- I trade and Mill-owners Association asking that on or before the 1st Feb. the Committee would forward a fair average sample of this season's wheat (141bs.) being. bought and sold at full market price on which n<» allowance had been made, in order that the average for the season might be arrived at. From W. Thyer, Two Wells, stating that .it was the wish of several farmers to establish a branch of the Association, nnd asking for copy of by-laws and other information necessary. From Secretary Wild Horse PlainB branch asking that the arrears owing might be cancelled on the grounds that the branch had been defunct for some time, and promising on receipt of favourable reply to forward leviea lor yvai iooj. From District Council of Upper Wakefield acknowledging receipt of circulars re Pro ducers' Defence League, and asking for copy of rnles and regulations of same. From A. Matthieson, Lucindale, asking for further information re Producers' Defence League, on receipt of which a meeting would be called. From Chairman District Council of Kadina asking for rules, &c.; of Producers' Defence League. From Kadina Farmers Union stating that the question of establishing a branch of the Defence League would be discussed at the next meeting, and asking for information as to the way the railways in America dealt with wheat. From Warrow branch in reply to circular from the Executive, viz — (1). In favor of 9d. per bush duty on oats. (2). In favor of Is. per bush. on barley. (3). Not in favor of railway facilities being available for the delivery and. holding of wheat on farmers account as in Victoria and America. From same re Producers Defence League as follows : — "This hrai-ch is s'rongly opposed to a single tax, but consider that the Farmers Association should he the league, and are of opinion that all the branches shoii d work together to oppose a single tax, but that it is unnecessary to form a distinct doliui y . From C. Jones, Lncindale re Producers' Defence League. From Yaranyacka and Tumby Bay branch. In favor of Is. per bush, duty on oats ami barley, and that the question of Producers' Defence League would be considered at a future meeting. From Crown Lands Office as follows : — " In reply to yours forwarding copy of resolution re Land Bill passed at a meeting of the Executive Committee of the S. A.F.M A. I am directed by the Commissioner to inform you that while almost entirely agreeing with the views expressed by the committee, he does not think it advisable at present to go atiy further than the provisions of the present Amending Bill before Parliament, as in attempting to do too mucli we might endanger the passing of the bill, which would be risking a serious loss to the conn try." From C. Jones, Narracoorfe, suggesting that a pamphlet he printed and sent to all farmers and published in all country news papers setting ont the aires of the single tax, and concluding by saying " If farmers and freeholders could be once roused the single tax would not stand a ghost of a show." From District Council Port Germain ex pressing spmpathy with the movement in opposition to a single tax and promising to support in every way possible the ohjects of the Producers' Defence League. From Baroota and Telowie branch, for warding £2 2s. 6d, levies, and notifying that Mr. Geo. Stone, J. P. had been elected chairman, and Mr. R. W. Lewis secretary, also stating that the circular re Producers' Defence League would be considered npvi meeting, and that the branch would favor the establishment of a reserve fund in con nection with the Farmers Association. From Redhill branch enclosing yearly returns and favoring a duty of 9J. per bushel on oats and barley. lie Producers' Defence League this branch was decidedly opposed to a single tax, and would call a public meeting as soon as the busy time was over. From District Council Woodside expressing entire sympathy with the movement in opposition to single tax, but could not see way clear to suhscribe. From. District Council Yatala South stating that whiie the members of the Council were strongly opposed to a single tax, they had no disposition to call meetings. From Lucindale District Council stating re Producers' Defence League that a public meeting had been held to consider the question and that it was decided to form a branch. From Colton branch in favor of present duly on barley and of oats being duty free. Be Producers' Defence League this branch favored entering into a treaty with New South Wales for the exchange of commodities free of duty, and would do everything possible to support the league. The question of the standard weight of wheat was also referred to and the opinion expressed that 60'bs. was a fair standard weight. The help of the Executive Committee was solicited in reducing the present standard. From Secretary Barabba branch stating that at a recent meeting it was resolved "That in the opinion of this meeting it was desirable to divide the Farmers' Association into sub- committees in electoral districts." In keeping with this resolution a committee had been formed to draw up a sketch of how to work them, the report of which is as follows : — "We the members of the Barrabba branch tPAllld rasnPrtt.fn 1 1 \r /n.11 vnm» nf.lonf.tnn fn fr.hza fact that we with others are debarred from par ticipating in fall benefits of the Association through distance from the seat of the Central committee. With a desire for unity and with the object of drawing out other clubs and unions and eurice them to become affiliated with our Association, we further bring before your com mittee and through you the several branches of the F.M.A. a suggestion which we believe would if carried into effect, remove the weakness which characterises the present organization, therefore place before you the following sugges tions, namely : — 1st. That each electoral dis- trict, constitute a district Farmers' Association. 2n<"". Each district to for in a club-committee to to constitute of at leaBt two members from each .branch in said district. 3nl. Members to attend at any branch of the Association nearest or most convenient, not necessarily in his own district, but his name shall be 011 the roll of members of Association in the electoral dist.net in which he resides, the sub-coin mittee having the power to call members together for discussion, and on the eve of a general or extraordinary election. or for purposes incidental to their own district. 4th. Should the executive deem it advisable to call for delegates, to attend an extraordinary meeting to discuss questions of great moment and urgent need in place or sending, say, tour men from four distinct branches, one member could he sent by the sub-committee to represent all branches in the district thus saving much expense, which otherwise is considerable to these branches situated at a great distance from the seat of the committee, aud which had at least on one occasion debarred us- from sending a delegate. It is the opinion of this branch that something mush he. done to make our combina tion mure complete, we believe in the absence of something better, the above suggestion would mitigate the evil of the want of organization on tiie eve of any election by having a head in each district, We maintain that clause 26, of general laws does tmt meet the case on the grounds that what is every man's business is no man's business, that in the absence of a head each branch would wait for the other to oall the suggested meeting. Under the suggested' system we presume there w uM be a Secretary j who if not in the that. pLco. w—iM u< r,!i- near i future he remunerated for his am-vi .< and ! become thus to Mime ex cut. tile sevao- of n ' several branches and to them h - msoti-t inh- f -r ' the energetic cirryiug out of his dir i.--< The objection may be. raised that the branches in each district are not numerous enough to form I a committee, but we would point out that the ; VkMfnra.tnpnt.innf.il i mips if ailnnf.pil \rnt«1d rvixra i something tangible to work upon and further the leading men in each district might he in duced to take upon themselves the duties of stirring their fellow fanners by organizing meetings. Circulars might be sent to the branches now established urging them to agitate and work up other parts of their district and thus largely increase, the number of branches. From District Clerk Coivell promising to do all he could in support of a Producers' Defence League. Re correspondence from Barabha bran6'1, the Hon. VV. Copley moved and Mr. Coe seconded ''Tnat the secretary he instructed, -to the effect that as the time before th« annual meeting of delegates was so short it would be advisable to defer the matter until then." Curried. standard weight of wheat. This questi- ji: came in for a lot of dis cussion. Mr. Miller referring to the circular received from the Corn-trade Association sai l that it was absurd, inasmuch as rhey asked for a fair s-imple of this season's wheat, and then stipulated that, it should consist of wheat on which no allowance had been made but which had been bought and sold at. market price. He submitted that it would be im possible to obtain a fair sample in this way. as a great deal of the wheat, sold was not up Hia Qfamljirrl WMtrhf nf fiMilvn A »i/» absurdity was also pointed out, viz., that <>f fixing a standard when the season was so far advanced. He was of opinion that the standard should he fixed at 601 hs , and all wh at above or lelow that should he | bought accordingly, It was a most unfair and one-sided arrangement that whi'e a farmer whose wheat was below 63lhs. per bush, should be docked a penny per. bush, for every lb., one whoso wheat perhaps weighed 66! bs. to the hushel was paid the same price as if it. weighed 63lbs. Mr. Binney expressed himself as opposed to the present system of buying and selling wheat, and as an instance stated that some time ago he had two lots of wheat to dispose of. The standard at that time was 62ibs. One lot weighed 661bs to the hushel and the other 611bs. For the former lot he received market price and for the latter one penny per bushel less. The only way he e mid see ont of it — if the wheat- buyers pernsted in this mode of buying — was to mix the inferior with the good, and thus get an average which would be np to the required standard. The Hon. VV. Copley said that the principal objection was that farmers whose wheat was over the standard did not receive any I enefit. ..No one cou.d fairly complain at a reduction in price if the wheat was inferior and not up to a fair standard He was of opinion that the higher the standard the better the price in the English market, and that farmers as well as all others interested were r luctant to have a much lower standard. He also referred to tin- increase in the weight which it was generally supposed took place during the voyage, but he had it on the be-t authority that the net increase was very little, if any. Mr. E. C"t- was under the impression that a vei-v cmmderal le increase in the weight of a cargo of wheat took place between the time of its being placed on board here and its being landed in England, and presuming such to be the ease, thought that the farmers should receive a share of the benefit. Mr. E. Copley thought that the price realised depend) d very largely on the amount of competition in the market, and that if an agreement had heen made by the wheat- buyers — which he thought, was not altogether improbable — things would remain as they were. Mr.: Matthieson was of the same opinion as the previous speaker. Mr. Coe proposed and Mr. Matthieson seconded re circular receive I trmn the Corn- trade and Mill-owners' Association "That the Farmers Association consider that a sample taken from wh. at bought without reduction is not a fair means of arriv ng at an average sample of this season's growth where last seas. ill's standard has been used in its purchase, hut that an average sample of f ill's season be S'-nt." Carried. It was resolved "That Mr. Binnev He appointed to confer with 'be Corn-trade and Mill-owners Assoc ation re standard weight ot wheat and other m Iters affecting the farmers.'' PRODUCERS DEFENCE LEAGUE. The Hon. VV. Copley said ihnt there was some little misunderstanding as to the limiting recently held in Adelaide. He would explain that the idea was simply to establish a branch of the proposed league in Adelaide in the meantime, and that after the establishment of branches in various parts of the colony delegates from each should meet and decide where head-quarters should be. His opinion was that Adelaide would be the Mtnch cmhimt nluna no Mm nnni.nl-ni.UUo |»I"'>.IV u.mu.v-'.- |"owvj unv I L ' t' 1 I I I i V I V i) til knowing what was going on and of defeating the aims of the single tax men were greater there than elsewhere. No scheme had yet been worked ont for the guidance' of the Producers' .Defence League, and they were satisfied at present just simply to oppose tho single tax without formulating any particular policy of taxation. The Register had twitted them with having no policy, but they were not going to be trapped that way, at least he was not. It would be quite sufficient to es tablish branches wherever they couid, aud when the proper time arrived delegates could meet anil discuss the su" jectof taxation. He was pleased that so large a number had ex pressed themselves as opposed to a single tax and satisfied that the step taken was a correct one. The following programme for the annual meeting of delegates to be held in Adelaide was decided on, and the secretary authorized to add any other questions which he deemed necessary. — 1. Annual report and ha'ance- sheet. 2 Election of officers. 3 Fixing seat of Central Committ.ee. 4. What alteration do von think is desirable in our land laws to make them suitable for your district, and I what alteration necessary to settle our outside country. 5. Do von support the present- system of appointing members on Land I Boards or, if not, what change do you desire, i 6. Will yon favor a system of progressive land tax that wilt bring land hack into I cultivation. 7. Will you sunn' rt. 1egis'ari"n in favor of 'lie Northern District. Councils getting subsidy. 8. Do you favor payment of members of Parliament. 9. Will yon support legislation in favor of a State Bank. Meeting adjourned. 