FICTION, Prout Cngllih, American« und other Periodical«. if ho saw ítTdoiie? CHAPTER XX. ATHERTON WINS. After the trial, Sydney Wharton's spirits revived wonderfully. He knew the worst and submitted meekly, it may be partly from from a feeling of utter despair. But there was no mistaking the change ; he was more cheerful and contented ; he had made up his mind to face death and was quietly prepar- ing to bid adieu to the world. He had no hope of pardon or reprieve, nor did he cling to life with that desperate tenacity so characteristic of the human race. He had but one sorrow now-one great grief that oppressed him heavily. Elise had paid him a visit the day after his conviction, and the sight of her completely unnerved him. The meeting between them wa3 too sacred and painful for description. Standing in the shadow of death, the true Btate of his feelings towards her could no longer be doubted His affection for her, springing at first from re- spect and gratitude, had grown into a passion of the warmest and truest-his greatest earthly con- solation and the last golden link that still bound him to this world. But where was Miss Blessington in this hour of trial and suffering ? Had she no word of sympathy or commiseration to offer to the man whose pro- spects she had indirectly blighted, and whose ruin she had completely -wrought ? Not a word, not a message, not a line from her ever came to that dismal prison cell. The passion- ate remorse that racked her soul the evening she learned of his conviction from the perubal of Atherton'8 telegram did not last. The next day Miss Lula was her own gay and smiling self again. Yet, even in her gayest moment, a vision of that solitary prisoner in his silent, gloomy cell, would arise to haunt and harrow her troubled soul. She could see his weary eyes fixed upon her with grieved and reproachful expression. Time and again she awoke from a horrid dream in which she saw him arise from his grave, wrapped £n a winding sheet, and point one terrible finger at her in crush- ing accusation. "With reckless vivacity she plunged into all tile revelry of the season, seeking to rid herself of that tacmenting thought, but, like Banquo's ghost, the vision would not down. Atherton was her constant attendant. No gallant could he more ostentatious or devoted, and though public opinion was very severe, in fact merciless, as to his mora's, she ignored these considerations, or rather, in a reckless spirit of bravado, faced them with proud indifference. She «vas not unaware that his habits would not bear a close analysis, but she fondly and foolishly hoped that her marry- ing him would transform him into a new being. Once hers she would put down her dainty slipper and say-thus and so ! She would apply herself to the pleasing duty of reforming him and moulding him after the fashion of her own heart. Apparently the unhappy prisoner, wearing out the closing days of his young life in silent misery, was wholly forgotten. His noble character, frank sincerity, and unselfish affection were blotted from her memory. "With him, as already noted, a new passion warmer, deeper, purer-had arisen from the ashes of the old. Yet the image of Lula Blessington that remained in his memory wus that of her girl- hood's beauty and innocence, when all that was holy and spiritual enshrined her in a halo of glory. For love of her, he had made the fatal mistake of accepting Otway's challenge ; it was to retain her esteem he did violence to his conscience ; and for this his doom was sealed. Was she worthy of this fearful sacrifice ? Lester Grayfield at length broke the news to him as gently and delicately as only a sympathizing friend possibly could. It would not surprise him to hear the news of their engagement at any moment. Sydney Wharton was astounded. " Not Atherton," he dissented. " I can scarcely bring myself to believe it. She knows his habits and his history. She could never bring herself to accept such a man as a life companion." " Friend Sydney," sadly returned the other, " vour faith in Lula Blessington is sublime. I envy you for it and regret that I connot share it." " Surely not that drunken, dissipated sot," the prisoner still objected in perplexed tones. "She would not disgrace her family and Mends," he as- serted dubiously as if wishing to reassure himself. " Women do very strange and unaccountable things sometimes," philosophized Grayfield. " If t it be a disgrace for Miss Blessington to marry Atherton, it is almost as disgraceful I to keep his company. She puts herself upon his ' level and loses caste accordingly. However, I can- j not see how her impropriety in this affair reflects upon-" " It is more mortifying and humiliating than to be hanged for murder," broke in the prisoner with bitter emphasis. " I feel it personally as a dark dishonor that nothing can efface. "You are over-sensitive, my boy; you should not give it a thought," chided his friend. " I can- not see how it affects you in any way. We are only accountable for our own actions. Besides, would it not be well to be a little more charitable ? Re- member that from a moral point of view the fight- ing of a duel is not very edifying conduct." " I remember it," was the sad reply, "and noone will deny that my punishment is sufficiently Bevere. But what is hardest to bear is the reflection that it was all for her sake and that she was unworthy of the sacrifice." " My boy, yours is only the common lot," was Lester Grayfield'a sage remark. " Yon looked upon ' her as an angel, and you have lived long enough to discover, that ahe was, after all, only ordinary clay. The discovery has broken your heart. It is the bitterest humiliation you could suffer, and you have my sympathy. But life ia short-too short for vain regrets. Let us talk of something more hopeful and consoling. I cannot bring myself to believe all íb lost. The Supreme Court may grant a new trial, and an appeal to the Governor remains, as a last re- sort. Nothing that human effort can accomplish will be left undone. Don't despair !" he urged en- couragingly. "Cheer up#; the darkest hour is not without a gleam of hope." Chesney Athertonwas pushing hissuitwith ardour 'and industry. Evidently he was a believer in the force of the adage, " Strike while the iron is hot." He was quick to perceive his advantage and he was not slow to follow it up. He possessed, too, a suave and flattering tongue, and to the weak, susceptible heart of women, this is perhaps the most dangerous weapon. In fact, he won his way into her good graces by judicious and persistent flattery, knowing, as he did, the most vulnerable and accessible bastion in the fortress of her affections. One day he casually mentioned in her presence the unimportant item of careless gOBsip that the Supreme Court had declined to interfere in the case of the commonwealth against Sydney Wharton. Profiting by his former experience, he at once changed the subject, as if the prisoner's fate were of no earthly concern. The delicacy was gratefully appreciated and the pang sent by the announcement through the heart of Lula Blessington was robbed of half its suffering. " I wonder if she has as yet abandoned all hope ?" he mused. " If not, I had better wait." The winter days rolled on and the fleecy snow shrouded the boBom of mother earth. The merry jingle of sleigh bella was heard once more, and the nipping, bracing air, untainted by miasma or ex- halation, sent the warm blood bounding through the veins, laden with the enjoyment of health and happiness1. They were returning from a long drive in the park. The sleighing was splendid and the light Portland fairly flew over the crisp snow after a magnificent pair of blacks. The horses, stimulated by the clatter of the bells and the frosty air, tossed their heads proudly aloft and took the road at a furious pace. Atherton gracefully held the ribbons and, glancing at the fair young lady at his, side who, with flushed cheeks and sparkling eyes, looked beautiful as a vision, thought he would not miss his chance and decided to risk it. He checked his horses' furious pace with firm hand, and nerved himself for the ordeal. " Miss Lula, he began, " I heard Shackley say down at the club last evening that the Governor has decided not to interfere with the course of the law in Wharton's case. I at once sent a telegram of inquiry to Mr. Griffin, and he replied that such was the fact. How beautifully the soft shadows of the overhanging trees fall across the roadway." The moon was just peeping above the tree tops and the twinkling stars were peeping forth in silvery sheen from the cloudless vault of Heaven. Miss Lula, in an absent-minded way, murmured acquiescence. Her heart was otherwhere. " I have never enjoyed an evening so much-as this. I would be delighted- charmed," he stam- mered, "to have you beside nie always." The young lady gave a little start of well-feigned surprise. It's coming," she thougth; "oh, I fear it's coming !" that is, she hoped the decisive moment had arrived, and sho was all aglow with the tremu- lous excitement incident to finding the coveted prize within her grasp. Lula Blessington bashfully drooped her head and modestly averted her face. She was silent and embarrassed. " It is time for me to choose a companion far life," the roue resumed, after a pauso. "You may not be aware of the fact that I have for some years worshipped you in secret and only refrained from kneeling at your feet simply because I knew my cause was hopeless." I A crimson flush suffused the young lady's cheeks and she was looking her prettiest. " He is quite wealthy, Mrs. Matey says," she thought; " I could turn the Walpoles green with envy." A suppressed little exclamation of surprise, a faint, delicious sigh, and she drew across her in- viting lips a dainty mouchoir to bide her agitation. But she prudently kept silent. " Dearest Lula," his voice was steady and unim passioned, " I can endure this suspense no longer j I can no longer keep silent ; 1 must speak out and know my fate ; I have become so attached to you that there is now no happiness for me without you." " He is a rake, I know," the young lady reflected, " but I might try and reform him. It would be a charitable undertaking, and I know I would suc- ceed, for he fairly worships me." Was there no goad angel at her side to whisper in her ear a word of warning ? " With you as guide and companion, my happi- ness will be complete-without you I shall drift like a rudderless wreck, a prey to every wind and wave. Take me with all my imperfections and help me to amend my life-or bid me begone from you forever." His pleading had grown more earnest, but there was a something in his voice that might be under- stood as an index to the confident assurance of success he really felt. The tone displeased her, but she could not analyze or understand it. " I believe I will risk iti" she thought, hiding her face in her handkerchief and drooping her head still lower. " Poor Sydney !" At the moment, up rose before her, clear and diatinct in the field of her fancy, the figure of the unfortunate prisoner with eyes aflame, a fierce ex- pression of reproach upon his handsome features, and pointing in her face a warning index finger with the prophetic words : " You will bitterly regret it." " Come, Lula, dearest," he urged, taking her hand in his without resistance, " let me know my fate. I am abundantly blessed with this world's goods and will make you happy, if a tenderly de- voted lover can make you so. Darling, will you intrust your happiness to my keeping ?" The dainty gloved hand trembled in his ; there was a stifling as if of a sob suppressed, and a barely audible " Yes" was whispered feebly. The fatal word was spoken. A terrible lurch of the sleigh, a crash of breaking woodwork, a sudden jerk, and the lovers were thrown headlong into the heavy snow by the road- side. The frightened horses reared and plunged madly forward, but Atherton still held the reins twisted seourely around one hand, and felt as if his arm was being drawn from its socket. (To ha continuad.) Major Dane, of the United States Array, who bas been travelling in Australia for the last 13 months has arranged to deliver 75 lectures through- out the United Kingdom, his subject being the Australasian Colonies. 