BEOADBEIM'S NEW SOfiK LETTER. The conspicuous failure of three prominent business men and well known politicians with in the past few weeks suggests the question : Can business and politics be successfully run together ? Ifo three men in tbis community were better known than ex-Governor Alonzo 33\. Cornell, Franklin Woodruff, of Brooklyn, and John F. Plummer, of this city. Six months ago all of them were supposed to be gentlemen of ample fortune. Every one of them rated high on the Mercantile Register. Sixty days ago either of them might have drawn his chequc for a hundred thousand dol lars, and it would have been cashed by any bank in the city; to-day two of them are bankrupts and the other has paltry judgments against him for a few hundred dollars. Gover nor Alonzo B. Cornell was born to fortune. His father was one of the richest men in the State, so rich that besides providing amply for his family he had enough left to found the Cornell Institute at Ithica, one of the most magnificent institutions of learning in the United States. From his infancy the Governor never knew want; his whole life has been mixed up with bankers, financiers, and men of fortune. His name oil the list of directors of a bank or insurance company gave the institution character and standing tone, and as a consequence he was much sought after. For several years he was Vice- President of the Western Union Tele graph Company, and being on the inside ring of that gigantic monopoly he was supposed to have a finger in all the nice soft plains that float on the gilded surface of the Stock Mar ket. - At times when the bulls and bears met in deadly conflict a nod or a wink from Gov nor Cornell was worth a prince's ransom ; his word was law and his judgment infallible, perhaps he believed it himself; if he did he was destined to have a vory trude awakening. It is just about eight years ago in tin,* early fall since the Governor sat in his magnificent office in the Western Union Building. That morning Western Union sold on the market 110 and was regularly paying its eight per cent, per annum ; before night it had tumbled ten points. The Gover nor looked a little blue; not very blue, but just blue enough. It was a mere bag of nails; that little fellow Gould was trying to do something, but be would soon get tired, and when they did go for him they beat his brains out. Tho next morning saw the battle raging fiercer than ever, and so it continued for many days till the great stock fell forty points and then the little wizard so fixed things that j Governor Cornell was quietiy elbowed out, his place as vice-president was givtn to one of Mr. Gould's friends, his infallible know ledge of the stock market was found to be a sham, for in the information of what was known as the blind pool, an organization of capital for the purpose of bulling the market, he lost everything. The blind pool was a miserable failure, and everybody connected with it went to the wall, the Governor with the rest. He never recovered frotn the shock. Only a few years ago he was one of the most prominent politicians in the State, now his name is never mentioned, and the week before last a number of small judgments were taken against him. His business losses are said to have affected his mind, and if it is actually so he adds one more to the pitiful wrecks that line the shores of Wall-street. In the Harrison campaign there was no more conspicuous figure than John F. Plum mer. Mr. Plummer was the leading partner in one of the foremost dry goods houses in New York, the speciality of which was satinets ; for a long time this house controlled the market on certain lines of goods. He was known in business circles as a hustler, and people generally knew when John F. I Plummer was around. During the Harrison campaign ho organized business men's Harri- ' son and Morton Clubs all over the city, and it was he who originated the speakers'and a band around on a truck, stopping on the street corners or wherever they could get a crowd to give the people the true Republican gospel, j and to show them the advantages of the pro tection of American industry. Mr. Plummer abandoned all business for the time and devoted himself exclusively to politics. He spent several thousand dollars in the fight, and when the battle was won his services were overlooked, and he began to find out that politics, like the white man, was berrv onsertin. He then began te look into his business which he had neglected for several mouths, and a few mornings after his faith- j f ul partner, with whom he had been associated for over a quarter of a century, skipped over to Canada, that Paradise of American theives, his books showing a deficit of one hundred and forty thousand dollars ; and this with other business losses that he knew nothing of owing to his devotion to politics, has ruined him, and to-day he is a bankrupt without a dollar in the world. Franklin Woodruff was also a wealthy man who was desirous of distinguishing himself in politics, and as a stepping stone to political preferment, got himself elected chairman of the Kings County Republican Committee; and when it was remembered that it was the pulling down of the Democratic majority in Kings County, which rendered the election of Beujamin Harrison possible, it will be seen that Mr. Woodruff in the distribution of the political loaves and fishes was entitled to especial consideration, but he received nothing. A political rebellion was created by his leader ship ; his party broke into factions. The opposing faction headed by a disreputable j politiean, entered the market with boodle to I buy votes, and in the midst of the fight his j business crash came, and he went by the board for two hundred thousand dollars. Mr. Woodruff was the partner of the notorious Frank Moulton, who with Theodore Tllton, tried to ruin the late Henry Ward Beecher. Moulton had been indicted for attempted frauds upon the Government, and through the intercession of Me. Beecher, the cases were compromised, and lie escaped the penalty of his offences. Woodruff always denied any knowledge of his partner's frauds; but hs stood by Moulton all through the Beecher trial, and it is a startling fact that almost every person connected with the persecution of Mr. Beecher has gone to ruin. Tilton ia wandering about, a sort of literary ghost, in Paris. Moulton died broken hearted and ruined several years ago, and now his partner, who at one time was rated a millionaire, sinks into bankruptcy. Meanwhile the preparations are being hurried forward for the erection of the magnificent statue, which grateful Brooklyn erects to the memory of the great Plymouth pastor, and which shall hand down his name and fame to future generations. Since Mr. Cleveland retired from the office of President of the United States he has been leading a very quiet life here, fulfilling the duties of a good citizen and attending strictly ' to his business. Of course, his friends (and they are by no means few) have occasionally discussed the probability of his renomination in 1892. Mr. Cleveland himself has never dis cussed the ques-tion at all, but the very mention of it seemed like shaking a red rag at a wild bull to Charles A. Dana, of the Sun, and be has resorted to all sorts of disreputable at tacks, to bring Mr. Cleveland into contempt. As a potent factor in his fight, he wrote a most virulent and untruthful article in defiance of the facts of history to prove that fat men had never done anything for the benefit of mankind. Their adipose tissue was a fatal disease that disqualified a man from accom plishing anything worthy; that the ex-Pre sident was gaining flesh at the rate of thirty pounds a mouth and was at that very moment under the treatment of a noted specialist for the rcdnction of liis fat, but with little Lope that, anything could bt> done for him. And right here was where the reportoria! liar put in his fine work and nearly caused an earthquake. The same paper contained the following valu able iteqi of news, presumably by the same reporter or one equally enterprising and reli able : Henry Watterson had been cleaned oat of two thousand dollars by a lot of Brooklyn poker sharps, and that John L. Sullivan, the slugger, was attending a country exhibition of manly art, and when the local knocker-out invited any of the audience to step up and be knocked out, John L. took off his coat and j offered to give him a go. It is hardly neces sary so say that of all these were first-class reportorial lies manufactured out of whole cloth simply for the purpose of contradicting them the next day. That is what is called newspaper enterprise by certain journals. The interview with ex-President Cleveland filled a couple of columns, but it had only fourteen shadowy lines of foundation. Yet in it there was enough to pierce the rhinoceros hide of Charles A. Dana. It was supposed that his hide was so thick that no arrow, or even a Minnie bali, would go through it, but the reporter got him. Next day in a short paragraph he sprang on Mr. Cleveland with the venom of an angry cobra. The article was not long but there was poison enough in it to kill an army. "When it was discovered next day that Cleveland had never used the language attributed to him, Dana was mad enough to eat his head off, but he had put his foot in it and had to stand the racket. Another interesting item a^out Mr. Cleveland is that he steps into a chiap barber shop on Park Bow, waits his turn for a ten-cent shave, dusts his own coat, gives his bonts a free shine, &e.;, &c.; It is hardly conceivable that any intelligent editor of even the humblest sheet would give room for such wretched twaddle. The simple facts are that the ex President is leading tbe life of a quiet gentle man, honored and respected by every one who knows him. His wife is established in a beautiful home where she dispeuses a liberal and gracious hospitality, and inside of its threshold no doubt he enjoys the happiest hours of his life. A bomb has been dropped in the Fassett Commitee now investigating the Ifew York officials, that one hundred and eighty thousand dollars had been raised by Dick Croker to put the present Mayor in the office of Commis sioner of Public Works. One McCann, Croker's brother-in-law, tells the story, and we are promised rich developments. 