THE GOLDEN BOWL 'It will be of no use; she was not the kind of girl to dream of such a thing. I sent for you to ask if I had better go to the hospitals or police stations. She may have met with an accident, a hundred things may have happened; she is a simple country girl knowing little or nothing of London, and I felt that having brought her here, I am in a measure responsible for her to hier friends.' 'Of course, just as you like. I'll go down to Scotland Yard wvith you, to put the matter in the hands of the police if you wish it, though I believe it is perfectly useless.' 'Thank you, I shall be glad if you will.' And a few minutes after the two left the hotel together, and the young lady, whom Milly had accosted a day or two before, Madlle de Brun, saw them through her blue spectcbles, and she must have thought them an interesting couple, for her eyes followed them earnestly, until a turn of the street hid thenr from her sight; then she walked into the station and took her train as usual for Twickenham. CHAPTER XXXV. Meanwhile Milly and the lawyer, un conscious that Hilda's eyes were fixed upon them, made their way to the further end of the grounds of the Palace. The poor girl was too full of her own anxiousness, to glad to meet one whom she felt she could trust, to give her com panion much chance of being more than a listener, and she poured out the story of her wrongs so glibly that for a time not a question could be got in edgeways. One thing she omitted, however, and that was Hilda's visit to her uncle's study on the night of his murder, for instinctively she felt that this fact once told it would no longer be her own property, and, bad as she believed Hilda I(empson to be, she hesitated to be the first to stand forward and boldly accuse her of murder. But without this her story was incom plete, and the lawyer detected thie weak spot at once, for he said : 'You have not told me all, Milly; Mrs. Kempson is afraid of you ?' The girl was silent. 'You have not been her accomplice, I hope, in anything wrong ?' 'Oh, no, sir,' was the hasty reply. 'What I know came to me quite by acci dent, and I didn't think anything of it at the time; 't'wasn't indeed, till I'd told her what I'd seen and saw how she took it, and the fright and rage she was in that I ever guessed what it might be; but I'm not sure even now, and it's far too horrible to talk or think about, unless there is a doubt.' 'You can answer me a question, Milly. Was what you allude to connected with Miss Carrie Carew ?' 'No, sir.' 'Ah I Then it was Sir John; never mind, I won't press you further, except to remark that as the innocent might suffer for the guilty, you have a serious responsibility upon you, and that to hide a crime is to be an ac cessory to it.' 'Don't say that, sir; 'twould do no good my telling what I know, at any rate at present, and I've written it all down and hidden it away. I did that the night she hurt my shoulder and threatened to send me to prison for stealing what she'd given to me; but I'll never willingly tell anyone but Godfrey or Miss Carrie. Never I' ,Do you think either of them are alive, Milly ?' asked Mr. Shrapnell, regarding her curiously. 'Yes, I believe both are,' was the reply. 'At first,' she went on, ' I thought my head couldn't be right, and I had fancied things, for I saw both of them in one day, and I was almost thinking Mrs. Kempson was right, and I was going mad; but after a time that went away, and I knew I'd seen them alive and not their ghosts. You thought that was Godfrey, sir, as well as me, and I don't doubt but it was, and I saw Miss Carrie again yesterday and spoke to her, and though she denied her name, and had got herself up to look like somebody else so much that she staggered me for the minute, the more I think of it the more sure I am it was her. I always had my' doubts about Miss Carew killing herself; it wasn't like a Carew to do anything so mean.' ' ', ' There I agree with yoii,' assented the lawyer. 'I have 'always doubted the identity of that body that was found and buried, and I shall now act upon your belief and my own. But for yourself. What are you going to do ?' 'I don't know, sir. That's what I want to ask you. ' What had I better do ? I'm expected at a lunatic asylum on Monday,' with a harsh laugh. 'So you said. I think you are to be trusted, Milly.' ' Trusted 1' and the girl threw her head back indignantly. 'I made one mistake,' she added in a calmer tone and softening down. I once flirted with an idiot to his own misfortune, poor wretch, and mine also. But I never told a falsehood or failed a friend that I know of, though if you are afraid to trust me, Mr. Shrapnell, don't do it.' 'Godfrey Sloecombe promised to marry you, did he not ?' was the 'next question. 'Yes, he asked me if I'd come out to New Zealand to be his wife if he sent for me,' assented the girl with a sigh. 'And you promised him you would ?' 'Yes, and I'd go and follow the ship you say that man, whdm I believe to be him, has gone in if I could, and convince myself that it was Godfrey I saw,' she said with eager passion. 'But why do you ask me ?' 'You would be glad to do anything in your power for any of Godfrey's friends, I suppose ? his relatives for instance.' 'Yes, indeed I should. I should feel it was next to doing it for Godfrey him self. Can I? Only tell me how, and you will see whether I am to be trusted or not.' And she clasped her hands, looling up to his face eagerly. 'Don't be so impulsive. See, people are looking at us,' said the cool-headed man of business. 'You will need to be calm, and to exercise all your self-com mand,' he went on, 'and as you profess a regard for both Godfrey Sloecombe and Miss Carrie Carew, you will have the satisfaction of knowing that, if either or both them are alive, you are working in their interests and for their sal:es.' 'I need no other inducement. When am I to begin?' ' At once, only I don't know what you will do about dress. Your wardrobe is, I suppose, at Mrs Kempson's hotel ?' 'Yes.' TO DE CONTINUED. Tho provisional olassiflcaiso (3A) hold by Mr. Riohard Rex, teoacher, Hoseingtown Half-timo esohool, has bo?n confirmed. 