MODERN FORTUNE-TELLING. (LONDON SPECTATOR) . It isnecessary, we suppose, as well as right to punish, fortune-telling for money. One has always an idea, after reading the pro ceedings before the magistrates, as if good powder and shot were being thrown away for nothing, and as if the progress of intelligence would of itself extinguish that particular variety of misdemeanour. "We do not hang witches any longer, nobody can precisely say why, and the bumkins who affirm, as they still do now and then, that Mother So-and-So has " overlooked" their children or their pigs, receive no help from the Bench, beyond a sharp little lecture, wMch they do not understand, for their folly or their malice. Indeed, if they have stuck pins into Mother So- and-So on the faith of her witchhood, or have hunted her too malignantly, or have set fire to her black cat, they are fined, as if their offence had not been dictated by one of the most "ancient of all beliefs. Still, a fortune- teller who takes money is a swindler, usually a conscious, swindler, and fools must be pro tected against swindlers ; while there is some thing to be said for the idea that the legal condemnation of folly helps to make it a little more rare. The men who passed the Act intended it, we fancy, not so much for the protection of servant-girls, curious about the complexion of their future lovers, as for the punishment of a kind of blasphemy closely .connected with the worship ,, of the evil one ; but still, the Act hurts no innocent person, and it does tend to check a particu larly injurious kind of lying. There never was a time when, fortune- telling in drawing-rooms was so rife, or apparently so much believed in. Society rejects astrology altogether, not, we fancy, for St. Augustine's unanswerable reasons, bat because it so rarely sees or thinks of the stars ; andithas got beyond dreams, whicbare supposed to be a result of indigestion, and to be curable by nitrate-of-silver pills, or it may be by nux vomica ; and the drinkers of tea at 5 o'clock are in secret a little afraid of spiritualism, as likely to end some day in a possible' appearance of ghosts ; so they devote themselves to rather more inane- forms of divination. Sometimes the inquirer's fortune is foretold from her handwriting, which is comparatively sensible, as there is in hand writing a little evidence of character, though not' much, the slightest inaptitude of the fingers or defect of eyesight depriving ' the manuscript of all relation to the writer's mind, as does also that writer's; resolve to write a conventional hand. The most reso lute person we know writeB a niggling scrawl, hardly legible, and indicative, if of anything, of weak- indecision ; while women with watery minds pour out those minds in manuscript wMch Lord Palmerston, who wrote a Circular Order com manding uncial English, would have pro nounced perfection. Sometimes, again, reve lation is sought from the lines on the forehead, not the bumps, mind— that is a separate folly — but the lines, for which the seekers might, if they knew anything about it, plead very ancient warrant. Priests who were wise or foolish, ages before the Sibyl endeavoured to sell her books, convinced themselves that every man's destiny waa recorded by the foreseeing powers upon his frontal bone, and dreamed that, if the spectator only pon dered enough, he could discern his visitor's fortune as clearly as his temper or Ms com parative intelligence. The drawing-room, however, knows nothing of that, and only guesses by a rule wMch, one observes, favours the foreheads that ruck rather than the foreheads that are smooth. It is not It bad way, if both sexes are present, of making love without being too explicit; but it involves severe staring, and severe staring is rude. Modem society would not be rnde, even if it could stare into heaven ; and divination by the forehead is therefore, usually discarded in favour of divination by the hand. The gipsies ; are avenged for ages of ridicule and penalties, and palmistry is a rage. Every body who has time to waste knows some thing of it, and there are regular adepts — ladies some of them— who make out of their proficiency regular,, though, we fear, only temporary, incomes. They tell first the in quirer's character, about which they often make shrewd hits, ekeing out the result of attentive observation, or hints gathered within the room by the use of cer-; tain common forms, invented, we imagine, for the behoof of those advertisers who promise full revelations of character for a shilling's-worth of stamps. Some of these common forms are really very clever, their object being flattery in disguise," flattery not of the common sort, but addressed to the foibles concealed in the majority of mankind. No man, for instance, is told that he is weak; but a great many are informed that they have a strength of purpose not suspected by their friends, or an inner hardness wMch may spring either from rectitude or selfishness. No woman is ever assured that she is spiteful ; but she is often told that she usually acts under . a sense of duty, and that she is even too affectionate — a useful advertisement when it is read aloud. The character discussed, the fortune follows, and at this point the observer will often notice an odd poculiarity. The magician wishes only to make his or her prophecies definite, for it is only the definite which is impressive, and definiteness is quite safe, for nobody, however sceptical, can deny that any fortune is possible in the distant future. The inquirer may become rich, though .she is poor ; her lover may he dark, though she prefers blonde people ; and she may live to be ninety, though she looks so frail. If she does, and remembers the words used, the sibyl will shine in her . memory as a prophetess, while if she does not she and her friends will have forgotten the unfulfilled prediction. But the passion for guessing by rule is a very potent one, and occasionally, we more than suspect, masters the seer,-, who then ; becomes hopelessly inconsistent, the things he or she wishes to predict getting mixed with the things which, according to the role, ought to be predicted. It is desired to prophesy wealth, but the lines of the palm mean poverty, or the lines ' of the wrist — an extension, of the art at which we fancy the . forgotten Hindoos ' or fire-worshipping Chaldeans, who invented' the whole business, would have smiled — and so' the prediction comes out as poverty, to be followed by unexpected good fortune. It is a silly game, bat not without its miscMefs. There is a kind of sceptical credulity which i is most characteristic of our day, when people will believe anything except revelation, and think a wizard a far more likely being to exist than any sort of' angel ; and we fancy many a listener finds his or her judgment of character warped by an authoritative dictum, uttered with a pretence of knowledged derived from something.more to be trusted than ex perience. Predictions, too, stick in the mind, and work their own. fulfilment, some times with effects! which are seriously in jurious. The practice, too, though it would be fcilly to make too much of it,, ihaa un doubtedly one effect which on many- minds is far from benefifcial. It develops that taste for . the indulgence of weak wonder which of- all intellectual foibles., is the one that most enfeebles the /character, prematurely debauching as it does the nobler instincts .of reverence and faith. The fibre of the mind is weakened, and the " open inquirer" becomes liable to a- mental disease which may ;be best : described as imbecile credulity, credulity which fs not faith, and is, as impervious to evidence as water covered with a . film of oil is impervious to air. The spiritualists; when they are sincere, at all! events seek something worth seeking, con- ; crete evidence of. a future state ; but the devotees of these'methods of guessing have! not even the excuse of an end. If they conld see into the futare, they would he in no way the gainers, for the very condition of its being the future is thjit thy ;can_rieither hurry jqdr re- : toid nor in any way alter it.: It has been said by keen observers that one startling sign' of the approaching fall of a society is the rise in it of scepticism and superstition at once ; and though we are not pessimists about England, where endless' symptoms appear wMch are only skin-deep, it was certainly true before Home fell and before the Devolu tion engulfed the admirers of Cagliostro. 