THOSE POOR VILLAINS In a recent number of the Atlantic Monthly a female writer named Agnes Kipplicr hiimoronsly takes up tho cause of " villains " as a portion ot the stock- in-trade of novelists, and as against tho virtuous heroes. Slio does not liko iho way in which they are oat upon, and many will agree with her. Suiting ahide tho great literary ability of tho author, there can bo no doubt that Vanity Fair owes one of its chief attractions to tho fact that it is a " novel without a hero." A villain idiouhl 1w a crcatiouof power, handled with delicacy nnd grace, and there is no reason for his being so coarsely delineated as to create positive disgust. Agnes Kepplicr goes further than this, and contends that the final diiqxisal of a mcro earthly villain nhuuld Ihi a " matter of ar tistic iiccfMStv, nnd not a mere trampling of artugniit virtue upon ptostrutc vice." The treatment of a rimicr with a " narrow, nag ging Kort of severity" creates an idea that ho has not had fair play, and tho intended lesson of molality is lost. As an example ol this the writer iu the Atlantic Monthly nays : — " Not long ago, I chanced to read a htory which actu ally dared to havo a villain for n hero, nni'l I promised myself much pleasure from bo original and venturesome a step. But bow did tlio very popular authoress treat her own creation ? In the first place, when rescued from a truly feminine hire of hints, and dark whispers and unsubstan tiated inuendocs, the hapless manisnroven guilty of hut three offences : ho takes opium, ho ejectrfhis tenants, nnd he tries, not very snccess- fully, to mesmerise his wife. Now, opiam- catiiig is a vice, thu nuuishipciit of which is iMirno by tbo offender, nml which merits as much pity us contempt ; nick-renting is nn unpardonable but not at all a thrilling mis demeanor; and, in these days of psycho logical research, there aro many excellent men who would not shrink from making hypnotic experiments on their gtuml- In consequence, however, of such feeble atrocities, Jlie hero-villain is subjected to a species of outlawry at thu hands of tall the good people in the )»ook. His virtuous cousin makes open and highly honorable love to his virtuous wife, who responds with hearty alacrity. His virtuous cousin's still inure virtuous brother comes within an aco of murdering him in cold blood, through motives of the purest philanthropy. Finally, one of these virtuous yotmg tnen lets loose on him bis family ghost, deliberately unsealing tho spectral abiding-place ; anil, while the virtuous wife clings around thu virtuous cousin's neck, nml forbids bint tenderly to go to tbo rescue, thcacconiniodHtingsiHrit— who seems to bavo no «-ort of loyalty lo the connection — slays tho villain at his own doorstep, and leaves the coast freo for a second marriage service. Practically, tho device is an adiiurnblo one, because, when tlio ghost retires onco more to bis aeehisimi, imbmiy can well bo accused of manslaughter, and n grcut deal of scandal is saved. But, artistically, there is something repellant in this open and shameless perse cution, iu three pcrsuriH nnd a hobgoblin conspiring against one poor man. Our senti ment is diverted from its propor cbanucl ; our emotions arc ninnifcHtly incorrect. " They aro indeed. Three humans, plus a ghost, against ono is certainly not fair unless tlio villain is the clown in a pantomime. But n real red-hot " villain" of the old fire- bucket-boot, wnsh-lcalher-glovo stylo is, to our mind, a sound moral lesson, nnd should not be allowed to give place to tlio weak- kneed evening-dress of tho " pouny dread fuls." 