NORTH-WESTERN }MUNICIPAL A 0SSOCIA TION. Tbehalf-yearly conference of the North Western Municipal Association of =Victoria was held on Tuesday at the Melbournie' Town-hall. Mr. John M'Donald (president of the Lowan Shire) ociiead the chair There were; present -Crs. .Fletcher (presi dent), M'Arthliur;and Phillips, St. Arnaud Shire; Cr. Carroll (president), and Mr. Pediberto.i;. (sedreotrj)1:'Wionmera' Shire ; Cr. Dunstan, Kara Kara Shire , Cr. Glen (president), Marong Shire ; Cr. M'Clure (president) and Mr: Warne (secretary); Ara piles Shire; Cr. "Jelbert, Lowan, Shire'; Cr.:. Wills, ,Dimboola Shire.; Cr. Coutts, M.L.C. (president), East Loddon Shire ; Cr., Patchell, Swan Hill Shire; Cr. Kelly (presi dent), Gordon Shire; Cr. Habel (president) Dunmunkle Shire. ' : SAFETY MIATCIHES. " Cr. Coutts moved--" That the Government be asked to place a duty of 2s. per dozen on all non-safety matches." He said that the wax matchles at present in use we're a source of great danger in the country districts, as most of the fires which had taken place on farms were due to the careless use of such matches. He trusted the meeting would unitein recommending the Government to place a duty of 2s. per dozen on all matches except safety matches. Cr. Patchell (Swan' Hill Shire) seconded the resolution: Cr. Jelbert (Lowan Shire) was opposed to the motion. He said that the Governmeit were quite able to inflict a heavy tariff with out receiving any aid from" that association. The foarnang elasseos ers- beCgiuein . to' view with great suspicion thebenefilts of protec tion; The question had b.en ventilated in the north-east, and if those .in the north west failed in getting satisfaction they would have to throw in their- lot with free traders. They had not the ghost of a chance as protectionists. (IHear, hear). On a suggestion from the chairman, Cr. Coutts agreed to alter his resolution as fol lows :--' That the Government be asked to promote the use of safety matches by placing a duty o 'all other kinds. ' In this form the resolution was carried. RABBIT-PROOF FE.NCLo . " Cr. M'Clure (Arapiles Shire) moved " That the Government be requested to de liver at the respective railway stations free of rail freight the material for the purpose of erecting rabbit-proof , fencing purchased by shire councils under the provision of the Vermin Destruction Act 1889." He said that the resolution must commend itself to every right-thinking man, and especially, to those who were placed in such an unfortui' nate position as to require wire .netting in the rabbit-infested districts. He lioped they would succeed in getting the resolution car ried out. ' Cr. Carroll (Wimmera Shire) seconded the resolution; which was carried unanimously. ROAD SATEuALs. Cr. Jelbert (Lowan Shire) moved that ithei following resolution-" That the councils have power to give orders to contractors to procure material for road purposes off Crown lands without a license"-proposed by the Lowan Shire, should receive the confirmationf of the conference. Cr. M'Clure (Arapiles Shire) seconded the adoption of the resolution, which was car ried. Cr. Carroll (Wimmcra Shire) ,nov?el " That a commiittee bd appointed, comprising the cliairman' and the vice-chairman OCr. Phillips), and,President Coutts, with the sec retary of the conference, to draw up a scheme in reference to the introduction of suitable farm labor to be placed before the Govern menit." The resolution, on being put to the con ference, was unanimously carried. The' cimnsittee subsequently framed the' following resolution on the farm labor: ques-. tion, and submitted it for -adoption to the conference:-"That the Government be asked by this association to encourage the introduction into Victoria of suitable agricul tural laborers and household servants on the 'prinollelo,5te''oe tee-ore Iirai-onf ,t, t he'etar of one-half the passage money, and that the Government appoint an agent to engage such; also, that this association is willing in every way to assist the Government in the selection of a suitable person." ' It was decided to adopt the recommenda tion of the committee. THIE BATIIRST BURR AND.TxISTLE. Cr. Patchell (Swan Hill Shire) moved--. " That the Government be urged to provide a sum of money for assisting the shire coun cils to eradicate the Bathurst burr." . Cr. Fletcher (St. Arnaud Shire) seconded the resolution. ' " " After some discussion it was agreed to add to the resolution the stords "on Crown lands." : The resolution ivas carried. The Dimboola Council reported that there was a general feeling that the star tkistle should be included in the Thistle 'Act..: Cr: Wills : (Dimboola Shire) nbioed thl adoption of the motion. e said he did: not think the subject worthy of mich discussion, seeing that there was a Thistle Act in force. The star thistle was a much more., noxious weed'than the Scotch thistle, and lihe did not see why it should not be included under the same act . : Cr. Habel (Dunmuinklo Shire) seconded the resolution, which was carried. wAYILw SHEDS. Cr. Wills (Dimboola Shire) moved-" That the Government be asked to erect sheds at railway stations to enable farmers to store their wheat." He said that in endeavoring to induce the Railway Department to erect shells at the railway. stations. for tthe con venience of producers of wheat to bring their produce to Melbourne he had been told that the department would build platforms, but the farmers must erect the sheds. Hef did not 'seifthat'the farmers had atiy right t.' do this ' Cr. Patchell 'econded the resolutiotniwhich was Adopted.,: .,, \-- -. ,,IISeELLANEOUS.. . 'OCr. 'Patlell 'iroed-i' That 'the Cdunltry Tramways Act he amended by increasinlg the maximum cost of tramways to £3,000 per mile and by repealing the clause requiring a slinking fund to he provided." He said that if ,tlhis resolution were' carried, it would en able almost' any of the shires which wished to take adviantago of the act to go on con 'structieig their lines. Cr. Kelly (Gordon Shire) seconded the re ,solution, which was carried. Cr. Coutts. (East Loddoh Shire): moved -. " That a time'should be fixed by law for the burning of stubble." He said that the act 'sliould bhi amended so that no stubble should be liburned before the 1st of March. In this waiy everyone would be on the alert for any chance of fire, but the present law, permit ting the burining of stubble at any'time" camused considerable trouble. Cr. HIlabel (Dunmunkle Shire) seconded the resolution, which was carried unanimously. It was arranged that the following matters' be again urged upon the Government:-1, That negotiations be opened with the South Australian Government with a view to a uniformity of charges in the cost of tele grams. 2. That the Treasurer be requested, in allotting the subsidy, to apply the pro rata relduction to all shires, if any such reduction be necessary, in consequence of the estab lishment of new shires, or any other cause. It was' also decided to submit to the Govern ment the question of grants for clearing mallee roads; the Government to pay cost of repairs to Government vermin-proof fences;' malle leases to be negotiable secu rity. Cr. Carroll (Wimmera district) moved "That the shires constituting the Western Shires Group under the Public Health Act 1889, be invited to join with this association in forming a powerful body having one com mon interest, under the name of the Western Shires Group Municipal Arsociation." lie believed that the union of the shires would be to their common advantage. In the ques tion of subsidy alone, their joint action would have greater effect in appealing to the Government. Mr. Pemberton (Wimmera shire) said that he was unable to seer-d the resolution. He suggested that the u.itter should be left over for consideration until next meeting. It was decided to hold the resolution over until the meeting of the association next September. On the motion of Cr. Phillips (St. Arnaud), seconded by Cr. Habel (Dunmunkle shire), it was decided' to instruct the secretary to ,communicate with the shire of Mildura, in viting them to join the association. A vote of thanks to the chairman brought the meeting to a close.-" Argus." 