An old-fashioued fishing schooner, manned by two men, a captain and a mate, was crawling along driven by a light breeze. The mate, who was stationed on the bow of the vessel, suddenly espied a tide-rip ahead, and thinking it was evidence of a sunken reef, hastened towards the stern of the vessel. . "Captain, there is a reef dead ahead," reported the mate. "Humph 1" replied the captain, without changing the course of the vessel. The mate went forward, and watched the tide.rip uneasily for some time. Finally, he again went aft. " Captain," said he, " we are getting dangerously close to that reef." " Mr. Mate," growled the captain, savagely, "you can take care of your end of the vessel and I will take care of mine." The mate said nothing now, but going forward he seized the anchor and threw it overboard. "Captain," said the mate, as he again went aft, "I have to report that my end of the vessel is at anchor." " I can plait my back hair with my big toes, and then go to sleep with my head on my heel," exclaimed a young lady whose ambition had been fired by the account which her sweetheart had given her of the evolutions of some indiarubber contortionists whom he had recently seen. Horror seized upon the young man when he thought of his future wife performing such antics, instead of cooking his chop or nursing the baby, but he repressed his feelings for a moment, and instantly betted her a dozen pairs of kids that she could do nothing of the kind. The wager was accepted, and as, of course, modesty forbade that the youth should person ally witness the attempt, two reliable feminines were called in to act as referees. The trio retired to an inner chamber, and the young man patiently awaited the report iof the bcommis. sioners. Screams of laughter proceeded from the sanctuary, and the fortunate witnesses of the genuflexions seemed to be enjoying themselves amazingly. Presently the door was hastily un locked and opened, while the referees came rushing forth, screaming, "Run for a doctor- er, let it be an old one t -run I"" "What's the matter t" cried the excited lover, and to his amaze ment he heard that his girl had won the bet, but that she could not untie herself again. The doctor came, and carefully unplaiting the fair limbs, restored the amateur contortionist to her original comeliness. She is now a wiser but a sadder woman, for her sweetheart then and there brokd off the engagement, declaring that the female who could thus tie herself in d knot was not the one :with whom he wished to tie the knot matrimonial ,: Jane (coming up the :stairs) to missus-" I should feel 'extremely ob:' liged, marm, if you would do me a little favour." Missus--"Well, Jane, what is it?" "I hardly know what to say, marm." "Well, of course, I can't comply until I know." ". "Well, marm, my young man is at the back door, and I thought, perhaps, you would be so very kind as to speak with him for a few minutes while I run upstairs and make myself presentable." A story is told of a shrewish Scotch woman who tried to wean her husband from the dram-shop by employing her brother to act the part of a ghost and frighten John on his way home. " Who are you ? " asked the farmer, as the apparition rose before-him from behind a bush. " Iam Auld Nick," was the reply: " Are ye really?'!" xclaimed the old reprobate, with much satisfaction instead of terror. "Mon;.come awat Gie's i shake o' your hand; I'm married to a sister o' yours!" Housekeeper (to pleasant-faced girl at servants' registry)-"' Have you any objections to the country?" Girl (politely)-" None at all, madam." Housekeeper-" I have quite a large family." Girl-" The more the merrier." Housekeeper-" Seven children, two of them quite young." Girl-" I love little children." Housekeeper-" It will be necessary for you to bake bread, wash, andl ger the useals. I attend to the pastry and citumber work myself." '' IGirl--"I will also make the pastry aJ:d do the .rest, if you will alla me." . HIosekeeper-" I caniot gen*yoi thore than three afternoon's off.' \Girl-" Two will be suflirb'nt, per-. hnis more than I will want, as (iy plan is to give strict attention to my house hold duties, and thus get the work done up promptly every day, so as to have plenty of opportunities to rest between times." Housekeeper-" I am delighted--" Stranger (suddenly entering)-"Sorry to interrupt you, madam, but you are conversing with one of my patients, who has just escaped from the Hopelessly Incurable Lunatic Asylum." He-" I'll never marry a strong minded woman." She-" No,- I don't think you will." This is thee fate of man-To be in luv or to be in det. Sumtimee he is in both, this is tuff; sumtimzeehe iz out of both, this iz tuffer. The Latest Fashio .-She-" Dear Uncle Ben-you're always so kind ! would you sit on my bonnet a little ? I've taken out the pins." There are more than five million women in these British Isles, and yet to watch the disappointed .lover you would think that there was only one. Alice (11 a.m. in the parlour)---" 0, George,-I hear papa coming! Run 1" George (smiling)-" He won't come in here." " How do you know ? "I lent him twenty pounds .this morn ing." . r "Tommy," said his mother, "do you think you'll get a prize at school for being good 2" " No, ma,!' said Tommy. " Why not, sir ?" asked his father sternly, laying down his paper. "Be cause they don't give any," anssered Tommy, meekly. Tady-" I would like to see some queensware." New Shopman-"Eh?" "Did you never see queensware ?" "No, mum, I never did. The factis, I have never been out of this town. To tell the truth, I didn't even know they swore until you mentioned it." Mrs. Fuesy--" I wish you would either shave yourself or lot your whiskers grow; it is frightful for you to be going around with a week's beard on your face." Mr. FussyJ-" My dear, you make mnv life a burden. If I share you say I look like a dried mummy, and if I don't you declare in two weeks that I am a wild beast! What's to be done ?" Their Consciences Rebelled.- First burglar (in dining- room) - " Faith, Dinnis, here's some foine cold mate. Oime Iunigrv, too, after goin' t'rough de hause." Second burglar (catching sight of the clock)-" Sure and we can't ate it, Bill. It's Friday mornin', be gobs !" First burglar-" Well, that's too bloimed bad ! Whoi didn't te hurry up a bit I" S"ke you an Oddfellow 'I " No, air, I've been married a week." "I mean, do you belong to the order of Oddfellows ' " No, I belong to the order of Married Mon." "Dear me I how dull! Are you a Mason ?" "No; rm a carpenter." "Worse and worse. Are you a Son of Temperance"T' "Confound it, no! I am a son of Mr. John Gosling." Tihe querist went his way. "You have asked to see me I" said an employer to his clerk. " Yes, sir." " What is wanted I" "I wish- to :make a ,claim which I doubt not your sense of justice will ." 'I do the same work as Z.,and I amni paid a pound a month less than he. Is that fair ". "'No; you are perfectly right. I will at once reduce Z.'s salary a pound i" Mrs. Stanley, lin her book on " Lon don Street Arabs," tells a comical story of a little model, " J immie Moore," who was anxious to learn the air of " Rule Britannia" because he "knowed the words." These were the words he knew:. Role nritallion, Brittalio, ruins the whilsa; True 'carted Brittons Never-never shall be slain. A little ten-year-old girl in Philadel phia is normal in everything else, but ever since she was a baby in her cradle (now many years since) she never could go to sleep unless the soles of her feet were tickled. Just fancy the girl con cealing such a disease from the man she loved, and disclosing such a frightful thing after the marriage ! Just picture to yourself the tired wretch at four o'clock in the morning, after a heavy evening at the Club, finding his wife wide awake and needing her feet tickling for half-sn-hour ! In a certain village a man called a the chemist's, .purchased a drug, and went away. The assistant took up the cain which the customer had left on the counter, and found that, instead of two shillings, the price of the bottle; be had left only two half-pence; He quickly reported this act of robbery to his em ployer, who, afters usonient's reflection, answered :,"Bah ! We dgn'tmsake a profit on the transaction, a Ill. we don't loe b7 it l" Anofficerin India,-in al ooting onin, had the misfortune to Iodg the con tents of his gun in the body of a coolie who was working in the' field, supecr ceived by the sportsman. Captain F- was not aware at the time of the extent of the mischief done, but the man died. Next day he received a deputation from the relatives of tho deceased, who handed the followin, extraordinary document : Captain F- Dr To one bloody murder committed...... lI. Contents Received. A museum. keeper recently wanted a iwarf. He got one; that is, he g:t what he called a dwarf. 'As a matter of. fact the new .frenak was as big or nearly as big as an under sized man. A countryman entered the museum and looked at the dwarf. "Pooh ! " he said, "that ain't no curiosity." " It ain't no curiosity, hey ? " said the museum man. "Why, that," he went onproudly, "that 'is the biggest dwarf in the world." A man was brought before a Justice of the Peace charged with the offence of kissing a young lady "by force and violence' and against her will." The young lady, who was very handsome, gave her testimony in a modest and straightforward manner, after which his Honour gave the following decision: "The Court, in this case, sympsthises with the defendant, and will therefore discharge him without fine, imprison ment, or reprimand, because the Court, while this case has been in progress, has been obliged to hold on to both arms of his chair in order to keep from kissing the complainant himself." Mr. Justice Hawkins was once taken to be a member of the prize-ring, lie was waiting to take his ticket st a railway station in Paris, at which there were a number of English roughs re turning from the races, one of whon' was very rude to him. The Judge remonstrated, whereupon the man bf came more insulting, and said that if he would come outside he would give him '"what for." Sir Henry, who wears his hair cut very short, then took off his hat, thinking that as the men were probably of the criminal claser' they would recognise him, and quietly remarked-" Perhaps you do not knw, who I am " Did the man in ?w" stricken tones exclaim-"'Awkins, by thunder ?" No, what he said we,, " S'elp me bob, a bloomin' prize-fighteor Not me !" and the Judge was not fsrther molested. A shrewd little fellow lived with Su uncle who barely afforded him the necessaries of life. One day the two were out together, and saw a very thin grey hound, and the man asked his nepheo" what made the dog so poor. "I expect, replied the boy, "he lives with is uele."' 