RECEIPT AND PAY OFFICE -. The follow- ing accounts are awaiting payment at the sub-treasury, and all not collectcd by the end of the present month will be returned to Melbourne, as the financial year closes then::Cowwar'Free Library, Glengarry Free Library, Moc Free Library, Tr'ralgon South Free Library. Traralgon Free Library," Tooigabbie Free Library, Tyers Free Library, J. Bermingham, G. Rigeall, W. Duncan, T. Greaves, A. C. Brock, R. Andrews, A. Cameron. J. Kyne, E. Gillam, J. P. Montgomery, R. Andrews, C. W. G. Whittakers, D. J. M'Carthy. Rosedale. -Gormandale Free Library, Rosedale Free Library, C. H. Deakin. TnanaLGON POLICE COURT.--The pro ceedings on Wednesday were enliver.ed by several sallies by: that' well-knowrn solicitor, Mr." M'Kean, who came from Melbourne to defend an action broughtby the. Shire Council against Mi-. Liddiard for bbstructing a road by dragging logs on to it. Mr. Bloomfield was the first witness who crossed -swords with the lawyer, and was more than a match for him. Replying to a question as to whether he saw Mr. Liddiard or his ghost, he stated he did not believe in ghosts, and when Mr. M'Kean interrogated whether it was not himself he had seen, Mr. Bloomfield said there was "too-mach difference in size." Again, in reply to aremark concern ing his figure, Mr. B.stated he didn't think he was a figure for admiration, to which the solicitor replied that probably the girls thought otherwise. Mr. Bleed came in for a good deal of "chaff"' at.the hands of Mr. 'M'Kean, who expressedan opinion that he was a wild bullock expert. Mr. M'Nairn was recommended to take to the church, as he had a head like a bishop, and a little time after Mr. M'Kean said bullocks "did not pull well without some broken French." As a wind-up, the same gentleman,. when advocating that au amount be fixed so as to allow an appeal, said that lawyers "lived by the folly of all classes of society," and we believe this was the truest remark he made during the time he was in court. There' was a large number of spectators,. and the lively sallies of the lawyers afforded a good deal of amusement. Mr. Liddiard unfor tunately'has to pay the piper. DEATH OF AN OLD RESIDENT.— One of the oldest settlers in Gippsland, Mr. Thos. Whitney, senr., passed quietly away to that "bourne from which no traveller returns" on Thursday. The gentleman formerly resided at Flynn's Creek, where he carried on practical farming for a period of 22 years. Latterly he has lived at Trafalgar. Mr. Whitney had not enjoyed good health for a number of years, there- fore his death was not unexpected. He had only reached his 62nd year, but doubtless hard toil in a new district in years gone by had done much to weaken him. He was universally respected by all who knew him, and many regrets were expressed when it became known that he was dead. The funeral takes place to- morrow, and will be conducted by Messrs. Brightwell and Son. NEW PRESIDENTROSEDALE SHIRE.-We extract the following from an.interesting article entitled " Jottings," which appeared in yesterday's "Rosedale .Courier": Councillor William Fogarty, residing-itt Cowwarr, and representing the Toongabbie riding, is now, president of the Shire of Rosedale, and a worthy chairman too. Councillor Fogarty is a man who has had to contend with the bad roads in the early days when working his way up. He is of the class of'eeon that we should be proud of-a man, who against apparently insur mountable difficulties in the shape of bad thoroughfares and poor railway communi cation, has succeeded in earning well deserved laurels by acquiring a comfortable position in theworld. Councillor Fogarty wasj present at the first election of the District Road Board. 21 years ago. The president is a clear- headed business man, and one who will take care that the funds of the Shire are advantageously expended. He is courteous in demeanour and of an obliging nature. I am confident that under the chairmanship of Councillor Fogarty the work of the council will be performed with credit to the shire and members of the council FoornaL. -On Saturday next the Traralgon and Sale football clubs will try conclusions. The game will start at 2 o'clock on the Sale Cricket ground. The Sale representatives will be selected from the following :-Allan, Bearup, Clements, Carter, Coverdale, Davidson (2), Duffy, English, Ferguson (capt.), Gardner (vice capt.), Gellatly, Guthridge, Hill, Jacobs (2), Lavell, Macdonald, M'Dowall, Phillips, Orr, Osmond, Tyrer, and Wynd. The following will represent Traralgon, and are requested to meet at the railway station at 15 minutes past 12:--Bar hebor, Bell, Bruton, Campbell, Davidson, Dunbar, Gilbert, Groves, Jones, M'Allister, M'Donald, Matthews G.. Milligan J. C., Miller L. (capt.), Miller R., Parer, Price, Sheffield, "Russell," Regan, Shugg, and Peterkin J. VICroRIAN PcRMANEN\FT BUILDING SocETCr.-It would, we think, he difficult to find a city whose residents are better provided for in the way of building, invest ment and deposit companies than those of Melbourne. The liberal manner in which such a large number of these in stitltions are supported is proof of the adantage of tI-em, when properly con ducted, to'a very large nutmber of ipeople. An instanceof theextensive busiel do!ne Ibyv these societies is furnished by the Victirian Permanent Building Society, whose 25th anuial report and balance sheet we have before us. The profits for the year am unt to £31,8235, out of which the society pays a dividend at the rate of 16 per cent Ier aittum. To rueet the increase of business, the directors have made a further issue of 10,000 permanent shares at a premium of £3 per share. These shares were promptly taken up by the shareholders, more than double the number being applied for. In order to furnish a further outlet for their fast in creasing funds, the society intimates that they are prepared to make advances on country securities, especially in agricul tural districts. LIcENssNG COUaRT.-At the conclusion of the police court on Wednesday, a licen sing court for the Woorayl dis:rict was hel. Mr. John Peters, of the Selectors Arms Hotel, situate at Mirboo North applied for a transfer of his license to Win. Scarlett. Mr. Serjeant appeared for the apphlcait. The applicstion was granted. LEoAL.--Mr. Bridges Harvey, solicitor, of this town, has been appoitecd a Camor 1 missioner cf the Supreme Ctiurts of NewI South YWales and South Anustralia for taking asffidvits. i . ExpronTF :: T ERm -Messrs. Mitchell' and Lang, s:aw millers, of Glengarry, are t now executing an order for red gum blocks c forEtigland, and we' trust the :.venture will prove a success. E.TERTaU arENT. ---The monthly, enter taisimunt" provided "6y the Temperance Society takes place this evening, in the Temperance Hall. An excellent pro gramme has been p.epared, .wbich inctudes addresses, songs, ducts, and choruses, to be followed by an amusing dialogue. SVc'roTa-;.. SEcrganTIEZs-As. showing tliat"Eigligti capitalists have still great faith in Victorian securities, it may be mentioned that the Melbourne agentis for a local auctioneer have just floated a loan of £40,000 at 41 per cent. on the London market on-a Western district property. MR. :J. Ml'CLEER, manager of the Bank of, Australasia; is about td have a well-deserved holiday. He will be absent from Traralgon for about three weeks, duiring which time Mr. Clementson will 1 have charge of the bank. We can only express the wish .that Mr. M'Cleery will not'only enjoy the holiday, but be favored t with fine weather.. SMusic.-Wo aire requiested to announce 1 to the late Mrs. Morrison and Miss Bell's' pupils that owing' to the latter's recent sad bereavement, and subsequent illness, she has been obliged to suspend music lessons for a week .or two. Tuition will 4 bee?esirmed shortly, due niotice of.which will be given. Miss Bell will at the end of the quarter, make up all lessons that have been missed. PROPOSED NEW" STATE SCHooL.-A meeting of those who signed the petition in favor of having . school placed in a more centril position than the present one, is called for Tuesday next, in the Mechanics'Institute. We hope there will be a good attendance, so that the matter can be discussed and immediate action taken. The Board of Advice meet'on the following day, and it is desirable both parties should uniteand form a deputation to the'Ministerof Instrietltoin. The want of accommodation has been repeatedly urged on the Minister by tihe Board of Advice, and if their hands are only strengthened by the present movers in this matter, there is not much fear of the result Obituary.-The "Daily News" records the deaths of two of the oldest residents of the Bairnsdale district, namely, Mr Joseph Samuel Varney, of Lindenow, and Mr. Henry Morrison, of Bairnsdale. Mr. Var ney was for very many years a resident of the Lindenow district, and was formerly engaged at Port Albert—some 40 years ago—in shipping cattle and sheep to Tas mania, where a market was afforded for the beef products of the grassy areas of South Gippsland. Mr. Varney was con siderably over 95 years of age. Mr. Henry Morrison, who at the time of his decease was in his 58th year, was a netive of Tas mania, and came to Victoria in 1849, when he was engaged on Foster's station, at what is now called The Heart. He also spent a number of years on the Boisdale station. Mr. Morrison afterwards man aged for many years Crooke's old Lucknow station. His death, which occurred shortly before 11 o'clock on Wednesday morning, was somewhat sudden, being preceded by only a short illness, the cause being an affection of the lungs. A SuoGGESTIo.-The Briagolong corres pondent of the " Daily News" writes: It is a pity that the midnight train has been taken off; it makes it very awkward for travellers and for the mail arrange ments. I think if the people of Bairnsdale get the express train to run to Traralgon (and to leave town earlier) it could be divided there, and Bairnsdale, Sale and Stratford passengers could go via Sale, and the Briagolong engine, instead of stopping at Maffra from 4 p.m. to 6.15 p.m., could go down to Traralgon, and bring the other part of the train with passengers for Toongabbie, Cowwar, Heyfield, Maffra, and Briagolong. How would this suit 1 hear that through this night train being knocked off, some of the hands will be removed in a week or two. The suggestion given above should be thought over by those interested before the liands leave, as after that it will be more difficult to do anything in the matter. THE ViCTORA.rN ALLIANCE.-" Viator" in the "Telegraph" says :-It may be well that the Alliance has flung aside the scabbard; it may be well to support oDly candidates who will favor a reduction of public-houses to the statutory number without compensation. Such a course will .upset the plans of candidates who play with the temperance vote. It will thin the ranks of the members pledged to support the Alliance. What it will bring us per contra depends on the reel enthusiasm of. those who serve in -the ranks.' If any considerable number of men and women seriously propose to live for their fellows, temporary-defeats iti the House are of no moment; if they do not propose so to live, adroitly achieved political' victories are of less than no moment. Moral force is never spent in vain, for it is ever guided by "The Divinity which shapes our ends, rough hew them how we will." How much of such force there may be in Victoria, who knows ?. MEDICaL.--l Mr. E.. Spencer James, representative of Mr. H. E. Kugelmann, may be consulted at theGrand Junction Hotel, to-day, from 9 a.m. tilll p.m. [Anwv.] Cr. &ndrew; Geddes, charged with em bezzling the funds of Rechabito lodges, has been further remanded for a week. Dr. George Moore, of Moe, whohasbeen asked to contest the Gippsland Province, announces that owing to the clainis of the retiring member, Mr. William M'Culloch, he is unable to accede to the request to become a candidate. A little fellow aged four or five years, while playing at the Port Melbourne town pier, fell into the water, and was pluckily rescued by Mr. Jas. Forbes, who jumped into the water and brought the child to one of the piles to which heclung until assistance was forthcoming. SMr J. 1i. Templeton claimed L1283 10s from the Premier Permanent Society for the work which he and his clerks did in the way of putting affairs of the in stitution in order, the work having oc-. cupied from 8th December to 13th Febru ary. On WVednesday Mr Justice Hodges reduced the sum by 100 guineas. A young woman, named Lily Bagley, attempted to kill Eirica Botta, a young Italian to whom she was engaged, on Monday night. She requested Botta to meet her, and sulesquently fired three shots at him in hiis uncle'ss ahop at Russell street, wounding him in the body. Bag ley was brought up at the City Court on Tuesday, uand remanded for it week, Sithe did iot say antything. Alfred M'Ivor was creating a disturb ance at the Palace Hotel, and was ordered out by the landlord. This evi dontly roused his ire, as he threw a water bottle at the landlord's head, and lollowed it up byashying 17 glasses at him. Mr. Wilson only escaped serious ijury by dodging the glasses as the man threw them. For his playfulness he was fined £10 or 3 months, with an additional fine of 40s or one month's imprisonment for insulting behaviour. A gang of housebreakers were caught in the train on Monday night. They had taken tickets for Geelong, but were ar. rested at North Mellhurne. The do. tectives discovered under the ctushions between '20 and 30 akeletoi, keys, several picklocks and a masterpiece. The names of the four were-Alfred Bennett, Cihas. Lazarusa, Thos. Weston, and Alfred r O'Brien On Tuesday they each received a sentence of 12 months' imprisonment with hard labour, In the Assembly on Wednesday Mr. Mason asked what was the cause of the ýdelayin getting from the Railway depart 'iieiita decision respecting an application from the Mlarvvale Coal Company for a supply of rails, under similar conditions to other coal companies in Gippeland, to connect its mine with the Morwell rail iay station. The company had to pay 3s. a ton for carting its coal to the station, and it could not continue to pay that sum. Mr. Gillies said that the Railway Com missioners wished to visit the place, which they would shortly do, before giving a decision. An "Age" cablegram says Mr. John Burns has written a letter in which he states that .the. -English Ship Owner's Association now being formed, anid which it is expected will raise a fund of £70,000,000 or £80,000,000, will un doubtedly be willing to assist the Aus tralian ship owners in such an emergency as that at preseint existing. But he points out that the organisation is not yet cQmplete, and expresses confidence that the labor party in the colonies will have proved victoriois,before money- from the English Shipping Association Fund will be available.- : On Tuesday afternoon a. lady named Highnore was seized from behind by two respectably dressed younug men as she was walking along Powlett- street, and robbed of her purse, which. contained ~five sover eigns. One of the s&coudrels; endeavored to force the clasp of a gold "bracelet the ladj; ore, but was iinsuccessful,hand they then made off. The lady followed, calling out "Police," and several persons joined in the chase. A young fellow called Tracey, a fast runner, kept close up to them, and they were ultimately captured and lodged in the lock-up. They gave their names as Robert Ashton and Wim. Watson. On Wednesday they appeared before the Richmond Bench, and were remanded for a week The general meeting of shareholders of the Land Mortgage Baink of Victoria (Limited) was held at the registered office of the company, 289 -Collins street, last month, when a very satisfactory report and balance sheet were presented, and a dividend and bonus at the rate of 121 per cent per annum declared. The steady progress made by the company was re ferred to in the chairman's remarks, who showed that the business had been doubled during the last five years. The advances of the company are restricted to loans upon freehold estate, and the inducements offered to borrowers more especially meet the requirements of farmers and agri culturalists. The great bulk of the funds is obtained upon debentures in England, enabling the company to offer money for fixed periods, which frees the borrower from any anxiety of being called upon to pay off without notice, besides giving him the advantage of making repayments, as may be arranged. 