THIRTY TEARS OF COLONIAL GOVERNMENT. Thirty Tears of Colonial Government. A Selection from tiie Despatches and Letters of the Right Honourable Sir George Ferguson Bowen, G.C.M.G. Edited by Stanley Lane-Poole. (Longman, Green, and Co. 32s.) THEEE are few books that give a greater insight into the practical administration of our colonies than the selection from Sir George Bovren's letters and despatches vrhibh Mr. Stanley Lane-Poole has edited under the title of "Thirty Years of Colonial Government." During that period Sir George Bowen administered with marked success most of the chief dependencies of the Crown, including Queensland, New Zealand, Victoria, Mauritius, and Hong Kong. The two volumes before us contain a valuable record of his work in each of these colonies, and of the problems with which he had to deal. The principle on which he uniformly acted, and which was one of the chief causes of his success, was to regard himself, on the one hand, as the special guardian of Imperial interests, and, on the other, to defer to the utmost to the wishes of the colonists in matters of purely local concern. It was in 1859 that he was appointed the first Governor of Queensland, and called upon to organise constitutional government in the colony. He had previously held an appointment in the Ionian Islands, then under British protection, and had travelled widely in Greece, engaged in the congenial task of compiling Murray's " Handbook" for that interesting country.. Modern Greeks, he once explained to Lord Palmerston, pronounce the words meaning " we." and " you " in precisely the same manner. " All, they confound ' we' and ' you' do they?" said Palmerston. "I fear that is hot the only way in which modern Greeks confound ' meuin' and ' tuum.*'' The following extract contains an interesting description of QUEENSLAND IN 1859. "I shall ride about thirty miles every day, and shall be comfortably lodged at ni^it. in. the houses of '•lie. ppofaunl 'squatters,' or pastoral settlere^ whose stations a^rage that distance from each other. These gentlemen live in a patriarcliial style among their immense nocks and herds, amusing themselves with hunting, shooting, fishing, and the exercise of a plentiful hospitality. I have often thought (especially in reading ^Thackeray's novel, 'The Virginians') that the Queensland gentleman-squatters bear a similar relation to the other Australians that the Virginian planters of a hundred years back bore to the other Americans. " But there is a perfectly distinct class of people in. the towns. Brisbane, my present capital, must resemble what Boston and the other Puritan towns of New England were at the close of the last century.. In a population of 7,000 we have fourteen churches, thirteen .public-houses,. twelve policemen. The leading inhabitants of Brisbane are a hard-headed set of English and Scotch iU'erchtmts and mechanics—very orderly, industrious, and prosperous." The; Queensland of those days was almost entirely a pastoral country, and Sir George fipweh tells an amusing story about one of the principal squatters. A SECOND JOB. " A successful Q'ueenslander, who became a member of the House of Commons, where he supported Lord Palmerston, was invited to one of the political receptions of Lady Waldegrave at Strawberry Hill. That accomplished hostess prided herself on her information about, her guests; and on the arrival of the gentleman referred to, she is said to have greeted him with, ' Oh, Mr. , I am very glad to see you.. I hear that you have as many sheep and cattle as the Patriarchs—that, in short, you are a second Job.' Her guest replied: ' I hope, Lady Waldegrave, you do not mean to compare me to Job, who, as we learn from the Bible, had only .7,000 sheep, whereas I have 300,000. Job was a mere stringy-barker.' It should be explained that young settlers, on beginning sheep-farming in title interior, with only from 5,000 to 10,fli00 sheep, cannot generally afford to build at first houses of wood or stone; and are obliged for some time to content themselves with comforttable huts made from the bark of the socalled " stringy-bark " eucalyptus. So they were often known to the great squatters by the sobriquet of ' stringy-barkers." In those djjys they played whist in the wilds for sheep points and a bullock on the rubber. From Queensland Sir George was sent to New Zealand, then in the throes of the Maori troubles, whichJie largely succeeded in assuaging during his government. Like most of those who have come in contact with them, Sir George was full of appreciation for the fine qualities of the Maori race. The following story is here given at first hand:— A STBAHGE CONVERSION. "Among the loyal Maori chiefs invited to meet the Duke of Edinburgh was one of the original signers of the Treaty of Wai<tangi in 1840, and who had ever since been a firm friend of the English. One of the Anglican Bishops afterwards said to the w Governor,' Do you know, Kir, the antecegiih'op,' was the reply, ' but I do "know ents of that old heathen ?' ' No, my dear that he brought five hundred of his clansmen into the field to fight for the Queen, so I invited him to meet the " Queen's son.''' ' Well/ continued the Bishop,' when I first arrived in New Zealand, that chief came to me and said that he wished to be baptised. 1 knew that he had two wives, so I told him that he must first persuade one of them to return to her family. He said he feared that would be difficult, but that he would see what cr uld be done, and come back to me in two months. When he returned, he exclaimed, 'Now missionary, you may baptise me, for I have only one wife.' I asked, ' What have you done with our dear sister, your first wife ?' He replied, smacking his lips, ' I have eaten her !'" In 1873 Sir George was promoted to Victoria, where he remained until 1S79, ' when his term expired, and he was assigned the government of Mauritius, the only vacancy at the time. Compared with Australia, there was quite an air of antigujty about the old French colony in which Paul and Virginia had lived and loved. LABOCKDONNAIS' GHOST. " " The Australasian Colonics ate too young for ghosts, but here we have a haunted chamber, where the great Labourdonnais, the famous French Governor of Mauritius, is believed by the French Creoles to walk nightly. We put a high civil functionary there, but he declared that he heard strange noises, and nothing would induce him to occupy the room again. However, next week the English a4mir.il of the station arrived with his squadron, and when we asked him if he would have the haunted chamber, the best spare room in the house, lie said, 'I am afraid of no Frenchman, dead or alive'; and he neither heard nor saw a ghost during the month he spent with us. It is true that he was supported by his Flag Captain in the room on his right, and by liis Flag Lieutenant in the room on his left. Then, too, a strange noise is often heard at night at the time of full uapon, as of a carriage driving by the chateau; ap4 some Creoles declared they had seen Labourdomjais passing by in his coach and-six horses, with hie escort and lacqueys—all skeletons in the uniform of the age of Louis XV. Rather suspecting some trick, the aides-de-camp of a former Governor sat up with their swords and a bottle of iced champagne on the table; and when they heard the strange noise approaching, tiiey turned out the guard with loaded rifles and fixed bayonets, and all sallied forth—to see a grand herd of wild stags from the neighbouring mountains tossing their antlers in the bright tropical moonlight." Hong-Kong was the last of our dependencies over which Sir George Bowen was called upon to preside. During the years he spent there he took occasion to visit both China and Japan. THE ALTAE OF THE SUN. " There are some grand Buddhist temples at Peking; but the most interesting object there is the famous 'Altar of Heaven/ where, for at least three thousand years, the Emperors of China, the lords of one-fourth of the human race, have once a year offered a burnt sacrifice to the One God of Heaven—with rties like those obaetved by t i — o w op i Abraham in the wilderness. This is the Holy of Holies of China, and admission to it is a rare honour. The last permission given, before my visit, was to General Grant. Imagine one corner of the vast city occupied by a walled park as large as Hydepark, and with groves of immemorial trees, beneath which roam the sacred cattle reserved for the Imperial sacrifices; and in the middle of this park collosal structure of white marble, rising on terraces with broad flights of 6tairs, and culminating in a grand, simple 'altar of burnt offerings;' on which the Emperor of China, annually, at the winter solstice—as the sun rises over the eastward amphitheatre of snow-capped mountains— offers for himself and his people his solemn worship to the One God. There are no idols or idolatrous rites. It is not generally known in Europe that the Court religion— the only ' established' religion (so to speak) in China—is still monotheistic, far older than any of the idolatrous cults. A Chinaman may be a Confucian or a Buddhist, just as an Englishman may be a Wesleyan or a Romanist. But, as I have said, these are not ' established' religions in the English sense." In his brief intervals of holiday Sir George managed to see a good deal of Italy, where, he tells us, Mr. Gladstone is regarded as the chief foreign founder of Italian nationality, and with almost the same sort of affectionate veneration as that with which the Americans regard Lafayette. It is worthy of note, that the result of Sir George Bowen's colonial experiences has been to make him an ardent supporter of Imperial Federation. Mr. Stanley Lane- Poole has very adequately performed his task, and has given us the record of a singularly well-filled and useful career in two volumes of more than usual interest.- Literary World. 