THE CONVALESCENT HOSPITAL. THE NEW WING BEGUN. The Convalescent Hospital at the Sema phore has proved the means of doing a vast amount of good to those who are just recover ing from sickness, and who need carefull tend- ing and an ample supply of fresh invigorating air. Hitherto its doors have only been open to persons of mature years, bat now through the generosity of the Hon. J. H. Angas provision is to be made by which children suffering from bone and joint diseases may receive medical attention and careful nursing. The hospital is conducted by a committee under the chairman ship of Dr. Wylde, and nothing has been left undone to make it as attractive and cheerfal as possible to those who avail themselves of its advantages. A trained staff of nurses attends to the wants of the patients, and its fine healthy position on the Military road in close proximity to the Semaphore beach renders it peculiarly advantageous for health giving purposes. The hospital is generally filled to its fullest extent, although a ward was recently added to tbe building. Tbe erection of the new wing was brought about on tbe recommendation of Dr. Stirling. The Hon. J. H. Angas waited upon that gentleman and informed him that be desired to give a sum of money for a charitable object, and he would like to know how he could best expend it. Dr. Stirling suggested that a hospital for children suffering from bone and joint diseases was greatly required, and on his advice Mr. Angas devoted his liberal gift to the supply of that need. Tbe plans were drawn by Mr. D. Garlick, while Messrs. Ashwood and Powell secured tbe contract for the erection of the building at a cost of £L,K29 lCs. Tbe wing, which willfaoetheMilitary-raadi is on tbe northern side of the present bmlrting. It will contain ten rooms, with lavatories and other accessories, and a tower provided with a lift, where the children will be taken when well enough to enjoy the surrounding scenery and to obtain the benefit of the pure air. HISTORY OF THE INSTITUTION. The committee decided to ask Mrs. Kennion to perform the ceremony of laying the founda tion stone, Saturday afternoon being selected for that purpose. There was a large atten dance, and Dr. Wylde, in a brief speech, ex pressed the warmth of his attachment to the Convalescent Hospital, and said tbe present occasion was to him a regular red-letter day. He had been connected with the institution from its commencement, and had, moreover the honor of being the chairman of its ctinmittees. When the home was first boilt there was a feeling of dissatisfaction in the hearts of some, because it was supposed to be merely a Church of England institution, as the committee was mostly confined to that section of the community. Since then it had been shown that each was not the case. The charity was totally nti«tfftariftni and members of all denominations were freely admitted, both to the institution and to its committee. The land was given in 1874 by Sir Thomas Elder, and vested in the late Mr. G, Young and himself (Dr. Wylde) as tautest. The foundation stone was laid in 1874 by Lady Mosgrave, the wife of a former Governor, and the building was ready for the reception ot patients in July of the following year. Until it was opened the patients were placed in Mrs. McPherson's home at the Semaphore. The first report showed that 84 patients had been admitted daring the year ending Jane 30.187 a, while the record !ortheyeacendingJane3o,lBB9,was6os. The efforts of the committee were not received with mncb favor by the profession at first, bat gradually all feelings of hostility were removed. Mrs, Hart and family had contributed the euro of £900 towards the first portion of the building. In 1877, on tbe death of Mr. Young, the institu tion was incorporated, and the committee in making wise provision for tbe future deter mined to purchase several allotments of land, which were secured from Captain Tapley at a cost of £313 4s. At the present time the land surrounding the building was nearly square, and it waa rather a pity that the remaining allotment could not be procured. The Govern ment subsidy of £2,384 0s. 2d. was received during the year ending June 30, 1879, and was most acceptable. The Ambrose wing was com menced in 1878 and finished at a cost of nearly £400, and several donations had since been received from that lady. Even with .thii addi tion, however, the home was not found large enough to meet tbe demands made upon it, and a further enlargement of the building had been recently finished containing a ward tor men and another for women. There were 13 beds for men in the firnt pcrtion of the building and a similar nnmber for women in the Ambrose wing, while in the new wing there were six beds for men and six for women. The institu tion has been able to do 'a grand work in the pant, and with the now to be pro viced iv ruelolness would be greatly extended, acd vfae requirements of little children would be met. "There is a divinity which shapes our ends," and that divinity placed in the hearts of men like Mr. Angas the desire to help in an eliorating the lot of mankind. He hoped that the same divinity would put it in the hearts of others to assist tbe committee in furnishing the home so that they might more successfully carry on the good work. Some time ago he was expttiating with a lady who ta:c to him that she did not think he believed in a God, and on his questioning her he found it was because he did not go to church at often as she found it necessary to to : but he replied that a medical man could often serve his Creator as well by attending to his fellow creatures as by sitting between four stone walls. In former times be was able to give more time to good work, but owing to reverses ot fortune he was not able to do as much now. He was glad to be connected with the management of the Convalescent Home and the Home for Incurables. MRS. KENNION LAYS THE STONE. Mr. G. W. Hawkes, on behalf of the com mittee, sincerely thanked Mrs. Kennion for attending to lay tte foundation-stone. He knew that it was a matter of gratification to her to take part in any benevolent or charitable work. Her engagements were numerous, and the committee looked on her attendance &3 a great favor. Dr. WYLDE then presented Mrs. Kekkiok with a silver trowel, and she performed tbe ceremony, saying reverently as the stone was placed in position—"ln the faith of Jesus Christ we lay this stone in tile name of father. Son, and Holy Ghost." Bishop Kennion said his wife had requested him to speak for her. He only wished that she had returned thanks for herself, and thus treated those present to one of those speeches which she was so able to deliver in private. He could not perform the duty without con gratulating Dr. Wylde and the committee on the success of the Convalescent Hospital. In building that wing for the benefit of the children they were doing a fine work. They were not merely doing a kindness to children, bat were conferring a blessing on the parents and relatives of the little ones. In a home like the one being erected they would be nappy and well cared lor, end they would have a chance to recover and return to their busy little lives. He had read a touching story about a little child who Baid, on hearing for the first time of Jesus going about withont a place to lay His bead—" I wish that I had been about to give him a pillow." Thoie present had a chance of gratifying the same desire, for the home required f nrnifihing, and the little aching heads required pillows to rest upon. He hoped that they would try to give as liberally as they could. THANKS TO MR. J. H. ANGAS. Mr. C. B. Hardy, on behalf of the com mittee, said that they desired to express a most hearty sense of gratitude to the Hon. J. H. Angas for his munificence towards the in stitution. It must be a fine thing to be able to do such acts as this. There were many who unfortunately for themselves missed the chance of gaining some happiness from the wealth that they possessed, There were persons in Australia who had recently acquired enormous wealth in connection with the Broken Hill silver mines, and it was surprising that they did not make some good use of a part of their riches, Many were so burdened with the money that they possessed and did not know what to do with it. If they really desired to get rid of some of the incubus they might remember that each institutions as the home would benefit materially by the assistance they could give. If it were not possible to give in such a way it would be a good thing for them if they would associate themselves with such institu tions. When they oould not make donations they might accord a little of their time. The vote ot thanks to the Hon. J. H. Angaa having been enthusiastically carried a collec tion was taken up, and the sum of £7 18s. 7d. obtained, one lady contributing £5. Refresh ments were provided for tbe visitors in the concert-hall, and the oeremony ended. 