TOPICAL TAPS. Beloved, ; We have just lp?t a;.good Governor/.-.;' 1' 'i ; Who.wasn't half a had sort, s : I ' And West Sydney has- loaned - us- a I mornber, T » » ' i Who, well— is a bit of a ruin 'uni ' » ' m With the accent on the rum. »' The week has been one of fights, fetes, nnd balls; ' » - Despite which fact wo fancy Envic for the Cup. . » A good name for West Sydney's elect — A. G. Tater (agitntor). A man may be. drunk every day of his life When he striven for pnlitioal fame, And though he is chucked from the House everyday, He get3 there next time just the same. » » » ; " A splendid ear, but a very poor voice," as the man said of the donkey. # An indignant professor of anatomy in New York denies that there is- a skeleton in every closet — he has pawned his. # i ; . " Candles are pretty!' nearly "gone" "out," ' | : says an exchange. . With .such weather as this we can 'afford to 'let the fire go_out, ' too. . - i - — :.i . . m. . ' 1 : j, ' A medical authority says the most' ' V notable effect of opium-smoking upon the' : 1'v Chinese is that they get paralysed in the joints." 'i-V A correspondent writes asking us how ! I'-long girls should be courted. On stilts, of lYcourse, you galoot ! — short ones on chairs, it. (N.B. — Be sure the latter don't break.) II#- A physician Bays a healthy man's heart iyTshould beat seventy-eight times a minute. ! ,i®&OW; about the minuto after you find you' >TOn a l>r'/0 >n -the .£30,000 sweep. A Bad Start — an upstart. Watered silk— An umbrella. . . Can a man bo said to bo unsexed ,wlion hoiscowdd? ' . ' . A Proforred Creditor— One wlio never j ' presents his bill. ". ''I ' ' " '' ... " .Tho .sphere of thesewing girl is not con- j troctod ; it is often a hominy-sphere. . ' . A pill manufacturer advertises on tho i label : " You take the pills, wo do th;o rOHt." . _ . , At tlio average Sunday-school picnic there is usually a good deal .of " pressing business." Smokeless powder — tho kind you gene rally havo on your coat 6leove aftor a visit to your best girl. It is generally supposed that a hen laVs an egg because she can't stand it on ond. The Rooster says ho knows better. "Old Mr. Grump: " You. seem to bo fond,, of sweet things, Bobby."- ....... vBobbyt: "Yes; pa j but I'supposoilUl Be - foiid of jny bitters when -I'm "as 'old as- ..you.'.'.. # " » " '' "Oh,' tell me,' pretty Jane," cried Bill, ' "Why you're so supercilious?" Tho maid at once replied, " I will — ' Because I'm anti-Bill — ious." » ' Au outbreak in tho State prison does not necessarily imply a break-out of the ' prisoners' (says a Now York paper). Not at all, but it will bo conceded that it was a rash thing to do. City Miss (entering country store) : «' Have you ' Browning " Clerk: "No'ino; but we have black ing !" Criticua: . "In my opinion all tho possiblo jokes' liave been worked off." Editor' ( wearily) : " Yes, and almost all the impossible ones oIbo, I fancy.'' " If women over become railroaders I can recommend . Bridget as a brake- woman," sighed Mrs. Snaggs as she gazed at the latest - accumulation of broken crockery. > \-- . He: " Apd,.. darling, ;.may. I hope, soma . day to make you my wife ?" - . She: "Well; I' should hope- so. I'm tired of sueing fellows for breach of promise!'" i . . Summer Boarder (wearily) : ." You have had veal at every meal since I came." Mrs. Clieeserind (cheerfully) : " We kin,. . afford it. It was our own calf, and it ain't lialf gone yet." It is an indication that it is his first sin when a man worries about wluit others will think. It is his. second whon ho.' worries about what they will say ; but the' old ' sinner worries about what they' will do. ' . . So to speak — The phonograph ready for action. ..-# « "Scienco is no aid to beauty," says a writor. You bet it isn't, says 'Smiler, when tit is pugilistic science. . ' Judge:. '-' What is tho man charged . with?" I" .Officer: "Electricity, your honor. Ho , .-stole, a' battery." . r In a Chicago nursery: She (a visitor froiii Philadelphia) — You haven't any ariaest-ors ?" He (a native) : " Maybe I ain't ; but I've ' got four fathers, and they're all living, too." ' # \- It was in a Brighton paper that an amused but not astonished public read the following tag at tlio end of a funeral notice : — " The funeral was carried out by Mr. Attroo, and gave great satisfaction to her friends." Hat tist — " It's a fact, old man. Since I met that girl I cannot oat or sloop. I am ft miserable man. Is there nothing I can do to cure me of this mad infatuation ?" , Prodigal — "You might try marrying \- her .4' ; i ' "" " j? would rather vo.tq for tho devil than you !" was an exclamation, at a recent -'election. "But in case your .friend may , -not bo a candidate,' may I' solicit "Your" vote?" was the responso. Miss Maud likes to bathe whero the multitudes ..'swartn. Miss. Kate saj-s sho thinks it is really bad . . . form Before wen a-bathing to go; But Maud is as plump as a marrowfat pea, While Kato is as bony as bony can be, And that inakos u difference, you know." Our Flossy (indignantly) : " I'd like to see the man who would steal my reputa tion." prodigal (quietly) : " Yes, I guess it-.is perfectly safe, and was put out of harm3 way soino time ago." Tho Gartist : " I'd like to pay that bill, butT can't just now. You must give me tfsnaj'' ,. Creditor : " I don't mind giving you time, but you seem to want eternity." \- # , Brown : " I am thinking of writing a : ghost story, but scarcely know where to.- : commence.'!; - - w Jones : " How : would the ' skeloto'n in. .. -your family closet- do?'-' ' f - > - Professor': . " Is the fOrco of gravity, i greater at the North Pole or at the. South I Pole?" ' . ' . ' Piijiil : " Yes, sir." Professor : " Which ?" Pupil : " It's greater." .... - . We don't suppose any reflection oa our racing contributor was meant, but the landlady of the rooms Verax aud his chum have just vacated was overhourd to remark ' to a lady friend : " Well, I've not made up my mind as to what I'll take in next. I'll either havo two more young men lodgers — or two Pigs" . . ... It is probably tho number of tars on . board which make; a vessel pitch. " Tho Hactist (to old gentleman who has just slipped on a . bananapeolj : Would you mind doing that again,' ! sir ? My "friend didu't see it." ; .> 1 : ' ; - - "I see villain in your face,", said. the .judge to a prisoner. " May it please yoqr honor," said the latter, " tliat is a personal : reflection." . » Father (to liis four-year-old boy)—' "Joo, I have told you half a dozen timed not to tease your littlo sister. Now, I shall lock : you up in the hen-coop." Littlo Joe (grumbling) — " Well, you may do so, pa, but I tell you beforehand I won't lay any eggs." a - \- Miss Lemon Pudding (aged 3) to. Miss Early Birdlet : — " We've got two babbies at our pis toe." Miss Esu-ly Birdlet, haughtily : " Ttiat's nothing ; so would we, only father's out on striko, and now lie's down in Melbourne fertile Cup." # ' Whatever trouble Adam had > No man. could -make him soro, ' ' By saying, when he told a yarn, I've board tlfat joko before." Mercury : " Tiioy havo adopted ft new . plan wit)i criminals on the .eaytli. They .execute them with electricity." Jove (shaking his thunderbolts):- " What a chestnut. That has been my- method since time immemorial." . " Miko, did you ever catch frogs ?" . Yis, sorr." . " What did' you bait with ? " " Bate 'em with 'a shtick, sorr,1' "We are a little late this wcok," ex plained the Bihd editor. " We loaned our scissors to a barber to cut Smiler's hair,' and both barber and scissors liuve. been missing siuce Monday. Heneo tho delay." . . Thus warbleth the Early Ono : — We'd doubtless arrive at the truth a deal quicker, And speak in a language less dim, If instead of remarking "that man is . in kiqBor," We said that the liquor'B in him. - Fireproof : . " I thought that building was fire-proof," remarked Mr. Gibbs, as he ' looked- at tho- ruins. " Well, it's pretty ; good proof-of-a-fire jnst now, anyliow," ro-' , 'marked'-the Underwriter. - - ; - - ' - j .. -. : # i- . ;' f. . 1 1 > Mrs, 0'<3ebgliegari : " Phat's the matter j wid yuro goat, - Mrs. Roiirko ? fiurd the- ; poor baste do be lookin' thin." ' -"Mrs: Bourke : " Yis,- sorra's- -the- day ! He swally'd a bottle av 'anti-fat, au' thin tumbled into an excavaytion an' knocked the-cork out av it ! Suro, he's pining away' to a skillyton !" # t . . Smiler, having used a bod word after having, torn his new coat, remarked to his youpg hopeful, " I forgot myself then, my - son ; it 'was very wrong 'of me./to say such a word." . . . ' Young Hopeful (promptly) — " Yo"u needn't apologise, pa, I often use itmy- ' self" > Roostor: "Which do you .pro for, beer or chaihpagno ? " Hartist : " It all depends." Rooster : " On what ?" "Hartist : " Who pays for it." This i8 how our smart littlo friend, the Western Figaro (Plymouth, goes for a contemporary : " You steal evorything oxcopt our advts. You aro a warm momber and no error. Hero wo slave fivo days out of tho seven with pen and pencil and pick and shovel and scissors and pasto, and you simply hand over the W.E. to tho master printer directly you get it, and say " Help yourself," and by tlio powers ho does. "Stolo Her Trossoau" is tho heading with which tho Chicago Tribune calls _ attention to the fact that thieves entered a rosidOnce in that city and roliovod a pros pective brido of her wedding dress. When the prospective gi'oom saw tho newspaper ho was frightonod nearly out of his sonses. Ha evidently thought the yonng lady's trousseau was part of her digestive ap paratus. Armand : " Come 1 Ely with ine, I im plore you!" Camilla i " Never 1 Sir, you insult me " ArmancT r " What 1 You will not go ?" Camillo : " I will resist you with all the ' strength of my woman's nature. If you would tear me from this place you must ; first drug mo and render me unconscious. You will find a bottle of chloroform on tho bureau over there." — From an unpro- duced drama by Dumas. # Flossio's little sister is six years old. " Mamma," she said, the other day, " if I got married will I have to have a hus band like pa." " Yes, my dear," replied her amused parent. "And if I don't get married I suppose I'll have to be an old maid like Aunt j Kate?" " Yes, love." "Mamma," said the kidlette, after a> pause, "it's rather a rough world for us women, ain't it ?" » A winning wile, a sunny Bmile, A feather ; A tiny talk;a pleasant walk . Together; , A little doubt a playful pout, Caprioious; A merry miss, a stolen kiss, Delicious! You ask mamma, consult papa, With pleasure ; And both repent tho rash event At leisure. # Her girl chum (sweetly): "What did John get you for a birthday present ?" Mrs. Lemon Pudding (mournfully): "Not a thing." H.G.C. (emphatically): "Why, how did that happen ?" Mrs. L.P. (weoping): "Well, you see ho asked me (sobs) what ho should get for mo, and — and — I (more sobs) told him I'd love him just as — just as well (sobs) if he didn't get me anything, and he — he — didn't." A tar coming off a long voyage accom panied his best girl to church. En, route Jack was told to he very particular how he bohaved, as the parson only was allowed to speak. Upon the clerk giving out the hymn Jack Beemed quite amazod, and : whon tho singing commenced ho yelled out, " Hero's a bally mutiny !" and rushing to the clerk pulled him out of tho desk, saying, "Como out of this you ; 1 you'ro tho bally ringleader." 'A villagor who was awakenod from a sound sleep by the yooling of a cat under his window hurled harsh words at hor, but ; without avail. Finally, rondered desperate, : he arose and flung ono of his boots into tho darkness, and tho cat at once cried out : "Alas! but you have given me my deathblow!" "I'm glad of it!" chuckled the farmer, " Why did you disturb me in my sleep ?" " Ah ! but while you slept your daughter Sarah was climbing down the porch column to elope with the tram-car-man. It was to' put you on tho racket that I j yeolccl." " Alas ! I can never, never forgive 1 myself," wailed tho villager as he realised . what ho. had done. ' And ho never did. And the cat died. And Sarah got safely away. Moral— The impetuous jnan woundB himsolf as well as his onemies. Smiler says that Popsy Prlvato Bar makes the best squashes in Sydnoy, and has under his advico adopted a now and- improved method of concocting tho same. This method is a simple one, although Smiler has taken out a patent for it< Popsy holds tho lemon while Smiler squeezes Popsy. In the London People tho following advertisement appears, which is not alto gether unfunny : — BUSINESS Man, 30, seeks La(ljr Partner, with capital or incorao to join in homo 1 Christian principles. J.S., 2 Nelson-road, Wimbledon. It will bo observed that, dospito his " Christian principles," Mr. " J.S." loaves out all quostion of marriago, and thore is, oddly enough, a distinct prejudico in favor of something of tho kind in that country, whether ono's principle bo Chris tian or otherwise. There was a young lady of Cheadlo Was doeply beloved by the beadle, But she scoffod at his prayers And gave herself airs, And judiciously threaded his needle. . Little Jack Bheppurd (latest edition) is out on an English provincial tour, and a -Bristol critio thus expresses himself about two of tho company 1 " If I'm askod my opinion of Fanny Robina, She's a Yonus untintod, I know, for I've Been hor; While tho spirits of Momus whon mixed up with Pallas, Will aptly desoribo Mr. Doable J. Dallas." # " I'm sair fashed wi' a singing in my hoad, John," said ono man to another." "Do ye ken the reason o' that?" askod the other. "No." " Woel, it's because it's empty," said John. "Aye, man, that's queer," said the first man. " Are I10 nev'er fashed wi' a ringing in yeur ain head, John F " " No, never," answered John. "And do ye no ken the reason o' that P It's because, if s crackitl " A littlo girl being askod by her teacher if she said her prayers, said, " No, I don't." Teaoher ; " W by, are you not afraid to go to sleep in the dark without asking God to take care of yon ? " Little Girl : ' No, Miss, I ain't ; 'cause I sleep in tho middle." # an artist's bad end. A brilliant young artist named Jamus Began sketching tho hippopotamus ; But tho animal's smile Absorbed him tho while, And nothing's boen hoard since of Jamus. As a lady entered a Bondi tram the other day an old man, holding a littlo boy on his lap, arose and offered her a seat. " Oh keep your seat, thank you,' replied tho lady, " and hold your boy." " Oh, that's different, " replied the old man, who was slightly deaf, " I had to stand for five days once myself with a boil. I'm sorry „ for you," and ho resumed his seat amid tho roart of tho passengers. # # # Brightly the rays of tho sun Glinted hor softgoldon hair ; In hor eyes brimming over with fun One saw only innocence there. Do you love me,'- ho oried, angel fair ; I- love you,' she said, with a sigh j But pleaao don't touch my back hair, Or you'll spoil tho effect of tho dye. That was a smart capture of a big serpent in some fields near Philadelphia by a party of young ladies, who took off their garters, roped them together, and dragged tho monster homo in triumph. Philadel phia girls, to judgo from tho illustrated cuts in tho Yankee Press, are good for nearly everything, and the bringing in of smooth roptilo many hundred times as large as the mouse which generally causes a skelter, puts them on a higher plane, Tho use of the garters — "Honi soit qui mat y penso " — shows immense resource. Tho girls were six iu number, the animal wa3 six feet long, bigger than anything in tho Philadelphia Zoological Gardens, and immediately on seeing it one of them out a forked stick. With that and tho impro vised rope tho capturo was borne , to town, where it may be seen, a proof that Phila delphia is not behind the times. Fiancee : " Why didn't you come to take mo to tho concert, as you promised P ' Fiance : " I — er — well — that — is. Fiancoe : " Come, tho truth now. Fianco : ' Well, if you will have it, my sistor got there ahead of mo with my last clean shirt on." " Excuse mo, sir," ho said as he stopped into our office, "bnfc do you carry any life fnsuranco P" " I'd liko to answer that question by ask ing another," said the editor. " Do you carry any fire insurance ?" " Why, no. I " "Well, if you go out quiotly you won't be fired, that's all." # # One morning, in a garden bod, Tho onion and tho carrot said- Unto a parsloy group : " Oh, when shall wo thrco moot ayain, In thundor, lightning, or in rain ?' _ " Alas I" oxclaimod in tones of pain, Tho parsloy, " In tho soup !" A Mrs. Jones summoned a man named Footy Dick for cruelty to animals. "What's the naturo of the charge ?" said tho S.M. _ ."Well, sir," Baid the complainant, "I have a goat, and it's like this — " S.M. : " I don't want to see what it is liko ; go on." Complainant: "This midnight prowler came to my paddock with a long stick, and because I refused to let him get in homade for my goat and struck it and kicked it till it was black and blue." Dick was finod 10s or seven days, levy and distress. # » A livoly little play is going the rounds of the so-called health resorts, whose fre quenters are glad of any trifle to fill up the idle hours in the cool of the evening. It is best played in a natural amphitheatro formed by the rocks — an. old boat and a parasol will serve on a pinch — to tho ap- plauso of the rippling waves or the thundering, surf. It is called : " Kissing ; a Drama in Four Acts." Actl. — "No." Act 2.—" Oh." Act 3. — "Encore." Act 4. — " A score." Curtain. Our paragraph which appeared last week re musical furniture has callod forth a number of comments, comic and other wise. Ono correspondent suggests that a petition should he prepared for tho pur- poso of exempting sofas from the innova" vation, as he claims that a deuce of a lot of fun will be spoiled, and the inquisitive younger brother will have it too much his own way. With this view wo need hardly say that the Rooster cordially agrees. # . Thore was a young lady of Ealing, Who always wont squeaking and squealing. When thoy said " What a noise I" Sho Baid, " Girls aro not boys, And I choose to oxpress what I'm fooling.1 ' » ' # Tho following is from the Liverpool Echo : — /jAN tlie Young Goutloman liavo an Interview with tlio Young Lady who nodded and smiled at him in Victoria-street last night '( I was dressed in bluo clothes, and am very good-looking. — Ad dress, J.E., office ol this paper. Good old J.E. This sportsman goes one better than blowing his own trumpet. He goes the whole German band. When maidenB greet Upon the streot, Exchanging lovo and kisses too, - You must admit, At sight of it, Now" Hore's aprettyhow-dy'e-do I" » The pastor, deacons and members of the congregation of the colored Baptist church on Papcn-streot, between Barton and Bayard, have been subpoenaed to Judge Cody's court to toll what recently occurred during tho sorvice. The good pastor had arrivod at soventeenthly in an impressive sermon when a short, sharp click was heard, ' Everybody looked around, and there stood Deacon Hy Franklyn flourishing a cocked revolver in tho air, and ox" claiming : " I'll slioot dat air nigger Bhuah as Satin of he doan't quit dat fiustorin' wid my Mary Ann." Somo of tho women screamed and others fainted. Finally John Rulfin arose and solemnly warned Bre'or Franklyn to "put up dat shootin' iron." Bre'or Frauklyn reluctantly did so, but a summons was issued for him the noxt day to answor to a charge of disturbing a re ligious assembly at worship. A body sorvanb, newly ongagecl, pro - sontod to his master a pair of boots, tho log of ono of which was much longer than the other. " How come3 it, Patrick, that those boots are not of tho samo length P" "I raly don't know, sir; but what bothers mo most is that the pair down stairs are in tho same fix." » The Man of the World has discovered an obituary paragraph in a Brighton paper concluding thus : " Mr. , tho well- known undertaker of — — — street, carried out the arrangements with his accustomed ability and solomnity." Ho goes on to say wo should like to know this conscientious undertaker. As ho seoms to make solemnity a feature, ho presumably chargos oxtra for it. All tho same, setting tho fitness of the thing on ono sido, wo should profer to bo ''put under " by a mau who would enliven the journey to the cemetery with a few funny stories, or a little penny " Nap," and would stop his procession every now and then, on the way back, to drink buccoss to us "in our now splioro of life." # » Our Prodigal had been down to Manly doing a gentle mash with a dark-eyed "Village" houri. They had spent a very long evening together. Sho was tired and sleepy, while he apparently was just getting his second wind. The talk turned . upon the Salvation Army meeting and their music, when she remarked : " Tancred dear, I am always strangely affected by their stirring songs, such as ' Aro you going homo to-night ?' Axe you not ?" " Yon bet I am," replied our hero ; "you don't imagine I'm going to roost on tho camera obscura, do yon ?" Tho lady passes him now with a snort 0 f diBgustw # For unexampled cheek, what price this : — A young Christian gentleman, non-smoker and strict toetotal, also momber of tho Yonng Men's Christian Association, wishes for aocommodation whoro his society will be equivalent to his board and lodging. — Apply, &o.; # xnat our snipping is aeaa to a certain extent Is a fact that you readily wrestle. In our harbors you everywhere see certain craft Attending the wake of a vessel. # # The Prodigal was walking down George- street the other day with Tottie Titefit» an/1 liannana/1 f/i /rat; an f.lift wi'fin IT cul A af the pavement. Tottie got annoyed, and said : " Don't you know, Mr. Prod., you should always take tho sido nearest the road whon you walk with a lady." " I know," said the ingenuous Prod., rather thoughtlessly, " but you see, Miss Titefit, you are not likely to got your trousers splashed by tlio confounded cabs and 'buses like I am.' Tottie blushed violently, for it was a very close day, and poor old Prod, has had tho cold shoulder ever since, and said to the Hartist in confidence the ' other day, "That some girls wore what he called nasty particular." He now " pants "for an interview, but tho Hartist says be is too "lacey," and that when they do moot it will be a very open affair, and the interview will probably bo quite a " frill ing" one. # " I'll drink their hearts' blood," Said tho member for Bourko Whon ho ravod of tho uso of tlioj' cat." But gallant Annear, who knowoth not foar, Said he hadn't tho pluok of a rat. # "I want," said tho Prodigal as he marched into Mr. Lining, his tailor's shop the other day, with hi3 usually dis tinguished air, " I want, my dear Lining, to pay that littlo bill of yours." " You don't say so, Mr. Tancred ?" answered tho delighted snip. " Well, suppose wo go and have a small bottle on tho strength of it." " Agreed," repliod tho homeless ono, and they marched to Guusler'a and partook of the sparkling nectar. " Ah, ha I" said tho dcsolator of homes, "this makes a man of me; Richard is himself again. Well, Lining, old boy, I'm grateful. Ta-ta, my dear Lining, and may a merciful Providence watch over you and your books." " But," oxclaimod Lining as tlio Prodigal finished tho botfclo of which ho had tasted but half a glass. "What about that ac count?" " Oh, dear boy, I merely said I wanted to pay your bill ; but I can't. Then there was fearful language, and a miniature edition of tho Chowder Bay riot. . — : I 