The MiiTorcd Demon.! A Woird Talo of t!xo Black Pool at Tho Aldcr3. Toward tlio end of a cloudy summer day, having slowly climbed to tbo top of n hill thickly wooded with young pines, I saw at last tho gables nnd towers of The Alders, an cstato which occupies the foggy bottom of the valley. 1 w/*« doming to take possession of thiB domain, ISi'doncd for forty years past to tho insv,n)--jcnt caro of a superan nuated Stewart'. \r iha late proprietor, my fathor, who ha/ 1 ?; tantly died and whoso heir I was. Urging my ft*; ,« forward, I commenced to ascend tbv &i;',;. The grade was steep, and the nH'^Mis iron shoes Blipped peril ously in th* nijsa gravel of tho rocd. Under tho dark nnd heavy sky\ tho pines to right and left took on a gloomy hue ; below mo, blurred in tho lmzo o£ the valley, roso tha chateau, a dark and broken mass, which was almost' hidden from sight by the great forest about it, broken here and there with open heaths and, reed-fringed pools of a sickly greenish h'uo. I remembered that my fathor had always evinced a great distaste for Tbe Alders; tho vory name mado him shndder. .','?. A, cold, drizzling rain was now falling, and I soon felt vory uncomfortable, for the morning bad been fino and I bad negleoted to bring a. top-coat or travelling wrap. ', Arrived nt tho foot of tho hill, I had to pas9 through a littlo villngo of a hundred or a hundred and iifty'liomes, tho Injt cottage extending quite to the main ontrnuce of ton chfiteau. ? Tbo nolso *-t my horse's hoofs brought to tbo doors eight or ten peasants^ who stared at me curiously, but with no sign of a. salutation. I attributed to my long contemplation of the young pines, through which I bad been travelling, the singular coloration Which certain objects assumed in my eyes; the arras and faoea of the mlBerablo villagers, who stared at mo with a cowed and brutish porsi&enco;, Beamed very sallow, almost'green. A few womon's bonds and hands showed amid the. group of men. It seemed to mo that these heads and hands worn also sallow and green. Tho chuteau gAtcs werq closed. Through tho bar, lopor-blotched with rust, could bo seen the groat teigaeuralconrt, grown with rank weeds, and further thn abandoned chuteau. The rain, become sharper now, was chilling me to tho bone. I descended from my horse, tied the poor boast— which hung its head through sheer iatiguo — to a ring mortised into tho Btoruo wall, and presently fonnd the lmnUlo of n bell half concealed in tho intricate xvrought-iron work of tho gate, I pulled it violently several times; but in place of tho oxpooted cheer ful pool, two slow, heavy, and sdlemn strokes of an alarm-bell. Mounded omi nously in the distant gloom — for it was already dusk. From a littlo lodge nt tho right of the obutcaif emerged an old woman, who held aloft a lamp. Very tall, vory thin, and enveloped rather than dressed in a robe of coarse gray stu0, which lookod liko n grimy shroud, sho came to tho gnto with the measured and noisolcsn tread of a spectre. Tbo lamp, which shone full on her face, revealed to me beneath her gray locks her cyca, dim and haggard ; hor ohcekswere very sallow. ' Welcome to yonr estate, sir,' said she, as a gretit key grated in tho lock. Sho was tbo manager's wife. ' Thanks, Mme, Oharticr,' I reapondod ; ' but I come in evil weather.' 'In evil weather, indeod.' . ' Sho conducted mo to the Httlo_honaa ; the w.ot weeds reached.to my k'noes.' ' Who will look to my horse f ' I asked. ' I will,' sho said. V n'Tbu havo.no aerrants, madam?' 'No.' ' * 'Who, then, looks after the chuteau and keeps the grounds in order 1' ' Thoro aro no grounds,' sho replied. We entered tho living-room, which was dimly lighted and poorly warmed by the fitful blaze of a peat iire. Thcro was. doubtless, but oue lamp in tbo establish ment, that whioh lime. Ohnrtibr had token up when she came to meet me. ' Chartior,' said tho woman, shaking tho shoulder of an old man who seemed to be dozing in the chimney-corner ; ' Obnrticr, get up ; here ia tho new mostor.' Tho old man turned toward mo ; hia f nco waa Ballow, too, with ,tho aamo dim and haggard eyes. ? '? welcome to your estato, sir,' said ho, as ho arose and. offered mo 11 chuir; 'warm yourself, sir, unless you take cold.' Straff. Chartior who hud gono out, doubt less to lead my horso to tho Btablo, returned laden with dishes and glasses, and quietly set about laying the tablo, whioh aho pulled up from the side o£ tho chimney. . .'Theso seem to bo very Bullen people,' I thought, and I dotorminod to send away this lugubrious couplo as soon as possible. 'Well, Ohartior,'' \ said, to break o silence which had become diaagreeablo to me, ' do yon got on woll, and may I hope to see you here for many days to come?'. ' You will not seo me hero for many days to como,' ho replied. ? ''How soj Do you then wish to leave Tho Alders ?' '?' Oh, I, sir— I shall nover leavo Tbo Alders. But you will depart very soon. I smiled, for my intention was to install myBolf definitely in my now property.' . 'Yea, air,' said llmo. Ohartior's voice be. hind me, ' you will dopart very soon.' I waa about to exclaim nguinsfc this singular alllrmation, when tbo old woman adied : ' Dlnnor is readv. sir.' ? Wo drew up about tbe table, 'Do you expect aomo ono?' I inquired, for lour, covers bad been la'.d. ? 'Yes, air,; wo oxpoct our daughter,' said tho manager, nerving the soup. ?' So you' havo a daughter?' . Iliad hopes that a young face might bring Bomo gaiety to tho Boene. , '?We-, have no daughter,' Bald Mme. Chartler.' The dinntr was not abundunt'; nevorthoi loss, I bad tbo wherewithal to satisfy amply tho appetite my. long day's ride had given me, for my-hoBts ato scarcely at all, ? ?I asked Charticr if ho were sick. 'Kvoryone ia sick here,' ho roplled, ' be cause of thopool.'\ ? ,: ' Indeed, Jl had remarked that the in habitants d£ the village aro singularly pale.' ,1 . ?'. ' 1 ' ' , ? ' They have tho fovor ; but.thoy suffer loss than wo, for they. aro not soinear.' 'Truo,':'£ said,', with a Blight Bhivor ; I had .. always, piMtleulaxly iearcd malaria fevers. . : .'. ' \\- .. . , A'Etor dinner, Mraei Ohartior retired to proparomy charabor, !not in the, chateau, which long abandonment , had rendered un inhabitable, but in the lodgo on tba upper floor. Tho manager and 1 drew up to the fire. ?? ' ' ' ' '? . ??',. N; ' Sir,' said the old mnni ?' excuse us if wo rocolrp. you poorly] It is sad in this country ; the fever tnkds tho children from tho vory cradlo, an'V only at t(io g'ravo-yard docB-it leavo tho Ine n who hav.o resisted it. It isbecausoof t'tc. pool which should bo drained,' ho addp.tRxteiding bis band to ward the window, ' Ar i thon, we, sir, are sadder than tho Vigors for wo lost our daughter a mentli 4f.o.' . ' Your daughti-; ia d ad, Chattier?' I naked. 'God known, tit.1 At for ub, wo do not. know what has becomo o her.' FroBoutly ho. wont on ii a lowor tono : ' Madeleine waB Terv lad, very 111 ; sbo wan as wo aro, my goo&rs; r. But the birds ?till sing when they are II, and Madoleini- j-nn'j :i. ur i.j, wi'.,. «',.. »j..i o».mi Mil. 1 IllUUClst s!«! Wi'Uitl ri.si»t till! SiVXlW. .Wi I tniJ to mye.ilf, ? S sn! u.vy, Go-l wiliinjr, 1 slmll tnku her ti- live in a city.' To gec the roses in her checkn, wo would have given our lives, my poor wife anil I. But sho was very pale ; sbo went too often to the ciigo u£ tlio water. Sho loved — I do not know why —that water, which harmed her so. Often, when her mother called her to dinner, she was seated in 1110 wet gr.isa at tue muo oi tho pool. We scolded her, but it did no good. It pleased her, sho said, to listen to tho noise of tho wind in tho reeds. She bad nothing clso to amuse her, tbe dear child. In other countries, tbo little girls of poor people can gather flowers, peep in tho birds' Tiepts, and have doves and piny with them as In tho pictures I have seen in tbo city shops ; here, sir, thoro nro no othor flowers than tho lilies of tho pool, the birds would be afraid to build their neate in our great, gloomy trees, and, tbo only doves are ravens. My poor girl, thon, loved the pool. Sometimes, of an evening, I would hear her open tho window of hor chamber —tho chamber whero you will sleep to night, sir. ' Como in 1' I would cry ; ' go to bed, you will take cold.' 'No, nol' sha would say ; and whfen I naked her what she was looking at, ' Thero is a star in the pool.' sho would answer. Ono morning at the breukfast hour. Madcleinb jlid not como down stairs. Her mother went up to her room, ?? Sladeloino is not hotel' cried my wife. It was a month ago, ono Sunday morning, Madeleine haa not come back yet.' Ohartierhad spoken slowly, in a monoto nous tone.. How he wept silently. Tho disappoftranco of their child moro thon accounted for tho gloom of my hosts. I ropented having judged them harshly, and it waa with Bincero pity that I pressed tho old man's bands as 1 retired. My chamber waa a small room, covered witb a mouldy paper ; in ono ccrnor an iron bed, two cane-seat?d chairs nt right and left oE a walnut commode, a portrait o£ a young girl — Mndoleine, doubtless— facing the single window— that was all. I wont to bed and to sleop, not without como diffi culty, for tho steward's talo had predisposed my mind ? to lugubrious thoughts, and then I thought o£ tho fever which I dreaded 10, After an hour of restless sleep, I awoko with a start. 'Wbo's there?' I cried. The lamp, which I had not extinguished, enabled mo to convince myself that I was alone— absolutely nlona with tho portrait. From my bed, whero I could no longer Bleep, I looked iong at this picture. It wns a young girl, very pale, dressed In white, in an attltudo of meditation ; aho gazod at the window with a atrange earnestness. Aa one involuntrily follows tbo glance of a person near, I direoted my pyea parallel to those of the portrait. Tho window had no curtains ; beyond tho panes appeared vaguely the indistinct silhouettes of tho forest, and in tho Shadow thoro was a single Btar. . Turning back toward Madeleine, I noticed that her gaze had become moro in tense but it was easy to explain to myself why it seemed so : plungod for an instant into tho night, my oyes should now see mote olearly those of tho portrait, on whioh the lamp shone full. What I oould not oxplain, what 1 do not understand ovon yet, was an absurd idea— the result, no doubt, of my nervous excite ment — which led mo to get up, open the Bush, as if in obedience to the desire of tho. portrait, and, tbe window open, turn back to it to receive its tbankB. A breath of wind whioh entored tho room extinguished tho lamp, and the portrait uisappearod. Without, tho shadows woro profound ? beneath tho low and black sky vast trecB stood out, terriblo against tbo night, about a great, pa'lo Bpaco iu which ahiverod furtlvd, steely lights nnd the dimmed reflection of a single star— it wns the pool. ????.' Shuddorlng, I know not why, I gazed at tho heavens, the trees, the pool. It slept, but it lived. I dlvinod that a ceaseless agi tation moved it, rovealed on tho surface by the trembling o£ the weeds'; strange vlalona ? were luita inky depths, shadowy dreama of that slumbering wnter whoso respiration rustled dolorously nmong the reeds. Some thing inquieting and fnsolnnting lay prono in that sea. Near the aide toward the houao tho\ roods woro very, thick; their heads, now bowed, now lifted up by tho breezo, formed a moving black Surface, which raada still more aombro the sbmlowa o£ tlio neighboring trees. Wna it possible that tho.thingl now b.iw balancing itaolf on tho tips of tho reeda wna but the 'reflection of a tree 1 1 could dlatinRuiah perfectly n ,bi?lIy ?.nd a K'gnnlio head, lightly stirred liko those of a giuntjasleop, rooked on shadowed waves, andvtwo terriblo nrins stretched forth toward my windotf. I strove ia vain to drnw myself from tho ensemont ; a greater power than mine, a mysterious desire, hold mo. rooted to tho Bpot. I aeemod to wait. For what? I did not know— for something which was to hap pen. , I hoard a slight noiso beneath tho window ?and lowered, my head. Along the wall, something, I know not what— white, furtive, nwlft, liko a white cloth in tho wind— moved toward tho pool. ' It was a womnn or hor ghost. Ono inBtant this vaguo form Btopped and tnrnod back. ,By tho pale ray of tho slngloBtarlsav.a face and rcoognised it. Had' I' gone mad ? I recognised the face of tho portrait. That faco wns Madeleine's I While aho approached tho pool tho wind muBt hnvo shifted, for tho reeds, which juat now had leaned from tho aide of my window, bend down now to meet tho youni? girl, and toyrnrd hor r».nohed tho long arma of tho Bhadow cradled oa the reod-tips. Mndoloino seomed to hositnti, a prey to violont emotion.. Now slit startod toward tho phantom p£ tho pool; nowaheBtood motion low aud seomed about to retruco bor ateps ; but soon sho took up\her interrupted courso, aud ronched the Bpotiaraong the interlacing trees, tho obaoaro and indefinite lino whero land and water raoti At the edge of tho pool, nlmoat within jeach of the fantastic armB which strnlncti .toward her. as if to on fold her, aho stopped,'. ;ln tho hcavenB there wna but a single atnr; thoro was n-aingle Btar, too, in the pool. I was not ^reaming, for I noted that. Y ' Long, long sbo sto»d undeoidod, and some timeB sho seomed to Wish to fly to tho houBo; butoftencr, lost, shirring in thebreezo, in the garb of death or b£ a bride, aho held out her .arms to the Bkadow which silently called her. ,1 . ? . At last Bho throw lioraelf into the terrible pool. The water mi^t bo up to her waiat, foresaw only the whiteness oE hor breast. Sbo advanced ovortovard tlio Shndow, nnd tho Shadow came to facet her. Thon I saw. only heir, head, appealing from titno to time botween tbo reeds-ttbn.I saw nothing. But tbo rusbea ratiled moro dolorously, .twisted, bent, pushed; aside; tho phantom which -followed tho irpvemont of their tips writhed so that his chajt shrank away from one Bide, whilo his' lfca. grew long on tho olhor, and his armB, ad if tboy onlacod in the depths somo prey baught at lnst, disap penrcd all at oncain aitighty pnrting of the recda. . ? ? & Madeleine had drovW horeolf in tbia black, awful pool. I hid not seen her but surely I would havo heaVd her cry out, it the torrlblo water bad not filed bor mouth Oh horiiblo _ death 1-heriot elnking in the' humid shrno of tbopool liid her hands vainly [clutching at tbo olusiilo support of tho rushes I Littlo by littlo tho motion became tooro rare, moro eoncluslVo, less prolonged ; ?Mndclelno wos dead boyobd a doubt. Anew tbo wind alone agitated tho grent, noiay trasscB, and I saw tho constant plmntom ilowly re-form itaelf on \\\xo surface o£ the freenieU blacknesB. \ \ ... ]Thonext day, at breakfast, I ate littlo and , Bfnko scarcely at all ; tbo old steward asked win 11 it. w.,ii!ij s;,lt iiio to iii'ii-vt tl:c cVlftto. ] ' Ii::ine'!i.iUlr ' I Mi-licd: 'for I le.ivc 1 tlii«isvt«in«.' As wn st:irtcil townrd the pool, I nnticcd in the forest nn o!d piccu cf ruined wall. 'What is that?' I asked. ' It is all that isleftof nnnVicicnt chapel,' replied Ohnrlicr; ' your father greatly ad mired tho Btnined-glasa window, whioli re presents nn npostlo stretching. his arms to ward hoaven. When tho moon rises behind tho window, it casts the image of the apostle on the recda of the pool. Sometimes, in tho night, it is terrible.'1 As Ckartior said this, I felt my leg's brushed by something furtive, soft nnd light, ns i£ a cnt had rubbed against mo. It was a napkin, still damp, detached by the wind from a cord whore linen hung to dry a few stops from us, botween two trees before tho house. ' Well,' said I, to myself, ' 1 musfceonfesa that the fever and wakefulness hnvo played tbe fool with me. I have taken for a w;-mnn in white somo shoot or garmont borne by the wind, nnd for n phantom tho reflection o£ a stained window on the reeds.' And I Ueg'nn to Inugh, to reassure myself com pletely. But I returned to Fails that even iug. . - ' ? Tbreo yenrs passed. I had sold Tho Alders to au industrial pnmimnv whinli tntnmlpi} tn drnin the marshes, I had given po thought to my ?sojojir'n nt tho^ melnnoholy chateau, except nfi-s iiftd again'on a sleepless night, when onp mwninp, in a journal opened at fcnzard.Iai^ the following: ►.; . ' : ' In the ijssalth'y diatriot of — , whoso inhabitants tfv&dy; bogin to enjoy Better health, tban^i &. the draining of the marshes by a cclcbrnfi d (.ailantruphlo society, thero Btill remains a vast pool which forms part of tho estato known as The Alders. This pool is fnmons in tho legends of tho country. Ench night, it ia said, a gigantic phantom is to bo seen, sleeping lightly on tbo tips of the rceda. Some enlightened persons having supposed tbnt tho phantom was nothing but the reflection of nn ancient stnined-gl&ss; window in a wall near by,- tho wall was de molished ; but, by the report of the people of the plnce, the phantom has not cenaeof to appear every night. . ? .' ' It has not ceased to appear 11' I repeated, with n shudder, nnd'I read on with a feverish eye : ' However tbat may be, recently, while the workmen labored at the draining of tho pool, ono of them, in rolling Bomo stones from tho bank nearest M. Chatter's house, discovered among tho reoda, deeply embedded in tho mud, a skeleton absolutely stripped ofilesh ; it is supposed that it Ib tho skeleton of a young woman whose death must; havq taken place tbreo or four years ago.' ? Then it was not a- piece of linen flying in the wind, that pale and- hcBitatinp; form I had seen from tho window— it was Mndoleine hoTself, drawn into the pool by tbo mirrored demon T Her death. had taken place a full month 'beforo my arrival at tho chateau. Somo inaorutablo will, then, bad nccordod mo. for a fow hours tho unpleasant power of retrospective vision ; or, perhaps, the dead como from their shadowy abode, sometimes, at night, to visit again on enith the Boeno of tho agony.— Jrauslated from the '.French of Catultc ? Matties, 