ALICE KEITH. CHIAPTER Vn. Nem:t day the two Keithe went home, Jim escorting his bride and sister.-in law elect to their own door, then po0t ing away with all speed to ee to the preparation of the new home, in which all his hopes were now centered. Mirs. Mackenzie, parted with her young guests with extreme reluctnc:co. D)espite the sensational faint that Alice had indulgod in, sIe had mancged to win a high place in the critical old lady's favour. The his rho placed on the girl's cold chock at parting was lhe ccal of an almost maternal teinderness, though the girl winced and shrank back with a re moreeful pcng, looking to worn and hrcggard in the clear morning light that a.rs. Malchenieo felt bound to whiepoe in her nephew's ear her last remaining objection to the matchl : "She is a thorough little lady, Jim; swoot and lovable in every way; but I fear she is not very strong-fainting last night, and looking like a ghost this morning." " All mcore nothiings, Aunt Nate," said Jim, cheerily, his broad fiace growing radiant with the praise of his beloved. " Alice never had a day's illness in her life. It was the unusual excitement, and the heat of thle room, nothing more." "Yet the room was not co very hot." Mirs. MIacke?zie pauned, her dark brows contracting in a thoughtful frown, then added abruptly : "Byron Neal is, of coureo, a perfect stranger to iher ?" " Why, no, not quite. Shlo has esoon him act, and admires him iummeonsely, lihke ov?ery other girl, 1 suppose. Moreovor ie was i a frequent--" "Customer at hIer mother's shop" was what hIe was about to blurt out, but remembering his aunt's aristo cratic projudices and thie trouble ihe had had to overcome thec, he pausedc on the brink of the horrid blunder, looking extremely foolish and turning extremely red. " I did not Iknow Neal was ai friend of yours," Ihe added, awkwardly, and Mrs. Mackenzio answered with a little igh : "Yes; I have known him many years, and I am very fond of him, James. But it was quite au accident that brought bim here last night. Byron Neal is a better man than the world thinks him, a man sorely tempted and tried; but yet Ihe in hardly a man I would bring into the pathway of a young romantic girl. Bear that in mind, my dcear, and do not cultivatoe an acquaintance so dan gorously fascinating." "MAr. Neal's path and ours will lie widely apart--theire is not much fear of their crossing-but if they dlid Alice is truth itself ; I could not doubt her." What could Mrs. Mackenzio do butil smile on that bright, manly fiaith Without a wish or further effort to bshake it ? But no sooner had the trio departed than she penned an urgent note to Miss Canning, then playing at the Royston Theatre, asking her to come to the Hall at her earliest conveni noones, to talk over a matter of urgent importance. 'The loading lady of the Empress Company obeyed the imperative sum. mone with commendable speed, and was received by Mrs. lMaokenzio with a grateful and affectionate warmth of welcome lthat would have rather our prised some of the local grandees, who were wont to desoribe the mistress of IRoyston Hall an cold, stiff, and un pleasant. " My dear Felicia, how good of you to come so soon I " she cried, hissing the notrees, and drawing her into thec best screened ar-d most comfortable cornor of the pleasant fire.lit room. " Warm your frozen lingers and drink ct cup of tea before you begin to talk." Felicia Canning obeyed, throwing her heavy fur-lined clolak over lthe satin basck of the chair. The fireolight shone fully on the vividly tinted beauty of her faeo and waving red gold hair; the dark velvet dress she woro followed each line of the lithe, pleondidly developed form, showing its stately grace to the fullest poerfoo tion. Involuntarily, as Mrs. Mackonzio regarded her, shabe spoke her thoughts aloud: " How cruelly your life has beoon ,castoed, Folicia I With your beauty and talent you might have had the world at your foot." "Oh, my life is oil right, Mrs. uMao hencie," she said, cheerily; "it is poor Neal's that matters I" "Yes, it is of Byron Noal I want to talk." Mrs. Maskenzio putl down her cup, and came over to the seat by Folicia's side. "I did not know that you were hers until I saw him last night." "Was Neal here ? I did not know it." "Yes, he came in late, and only stayed a short time. Hlo looks ill, and worn and haggard; worse, I think, than I ever saw him. Have things been worse lately, Folioi ," "Could they, be, for poor Ncal-?" Miss Canning asked bitterly. "No, there has bean no change, will be none, the doetor says, until the end comes, and when that will be--" 'Bho broke off abruptly, clasping her slim, strong, white hands in a gasture of passionate pain. * And he has not bein--lirting lately ?" Mrs. Macokenzi put the qucation with studied earolassnoss. But Feliola looked sip quickly. " Not lately at all. You kuow what his life is, how he is onrtead and run after; but lately, I think, his name hos boon linked only with mine." "Then there is no one he really cares for ?" Miss Canning hesitated for a second, thon said slowly: "Not now, I think. Onee this year, indeed, I was seriously alarmed; there was a little girl, a pretty, innocent, foolish ereatocre, who was quite daz vled and crcaed by him; accd, what was worse, I am sure at the time he really cared for her. I never know him so wilful and possessed, ac he was, thern was no maic ing him liston to a word; but, tlhankl God I " cried the ao:raes energetieally, the toIric of an ci, onco earnestnese shining in her honest eyes, "I touched my poor boy's generous heart at last, and got him to leave his poor little Elaine without a word; I hope ose did not break her heart over her Lancelot's defection, the silly, loving child I" " Where and when did this little romance occur? "' " At Ceetleton, this esunomner." "And was the girl's neme Alice Keitlh ? " Miss Canning's look war almost ludicrous in its intense bewilder Alico Keith's her name, uars enough, Mr, Mackenzie. But either you are a witch, or the birds of the air tell you their secrets; for certain I am Byron Neal never told you this." " He never did, indeed; but my nephew, James Duncan, as honest hearted a young fellow ans ever lived, is engaged to Alice Keith, will marry her in ten days from ithis, and last night she fainted in Byron Neal's armnls." Mrs. Maiesnzio spoke with righteous sternness; Felicia listened with acute and growing dismay. "There's no harns in it, Mrs. Mao kenzioe; it's the girl's foolish fancy, no more. Neal is pure gold all through, and his life hias been the life of a martyr. He would not spoil it now, and spoil another with it; you would never doubt it if you loiew how bravo and generous and gentle hlie is, even to her, poor soul, who has done him the blackest wrong of aill." IHastily excusing herself from a longer visit on the plea of urgent busi noness at the theatre, she drove straight from Rloyston Halt to Mr. Neal's lodgings, only to learn that hoe had left Royston by an afternoon train. "And I munset play to-night," she thought, as she drove through the gathering mist and fog in a state of mind that bordered on absolute frenzy. "And I dare sand no message, for after all lie may not he there. Heaven help sme-heaven send mo an inspira tion, or a cruel wrong may be done before I can interfere." It was a day and night of cruel sus pense to the loving, sensitive woman, who dreaded all things and lknow nothing. But for the fiact that the fortunes of a venturesome and impecunious manager rested on the white shoulders that had borne so many burdens so unflinchingly, and with ai patience so gracious and so grateful, Felicia would have thrown up her engagement and gone to Castleton at ones. So she waited as patiently as she could, and played her part with such spirit as she could command; but the sweet music of the text fell with less thouan its usual effect from her rod lips; and her thoughts were far away from " Juliet's " stormy woos, following another love story, to which her faucey could foreshadow no loss tragic an end. At last the curtain earnsm down, the lights were eout, and the weary actroes weas free to act on her own account; not quite free, though. The last OCastleton train had gone, and before she onuld taklo another stop for Alien Keith's salvation, she must endure twelve hours more of keen suspense. And meantiume the girl in whose fate sihe was strongly interested had reached her journey's end, and bidden her lover "good-bye." She had not beeoon a partioulerly lively travolling companion, and after several futile attempts at con versation, Jim had given up the vain effort to amuse her, and devoted him self wholly to Ethel, who was in boisterous spirits, delighted with her three days' experience of grandeur, sager to impart all information to her mother and all her schoolgirl friends. And nso Alice was, mercifully or cruelly, left to the solitudeo of her own thoughts; and those wore a wild chaos of fear, rapture, and remorse. She hated herself for her own trea chery, she shrank with a sick terror from the trusting glanio of James D)uoean's honest eyes; but strive as she might against the fooling, her heart would throb with a wild thril ling joy, as she recalled the warm and tender love-light in Byron Noal's eyes. She dared not look forward, she hardly cared to look basc ; she lived wholly and absolutely in time peeas sionato present. Byron Nesal's voins still oehood in iher ears, dulling them to all other sounds. His face still shone biforo her, blinding her to all other sightl. She lived is a feverish, rapturous world of her own, and was for the time indifferent to all that passed around her. Mrs. Keith was at the door to wsl come them when they arrived, and she was quiek to note the cohage in her elder daughter's face, but a subtle instinct warned her to let it pass in hooded, and trust to time to give her the key to the mystery. She did not got it for come time, though Jim and Ethel's eager and flusut shatter soon relieved her of her worst fear- that Mrs. Maekoezie had in some skilful fashion contrived to break off the marriage. But when it cams, it was a revelation indeed to the anxious mother. "It was, oh, so grand, mother 1." Ethel cried rapturously; sach splen did rooms and bright flowers, and everything in the world to eat-pins, and tarts, and ohigshns, and ot, everything I If Disk had hoes there he wa.uld have made himshlf ill," " Yah I " cried the listening Dicta, with an ugly grimaco, half envious, half unbslievingi; " I shohld not have boon a bit more ill than you, miss. For all your tlne airs, I dare say you wsre at little pig among the sweeties." " That I was not, then," Ethel retorted, with virtuous indignation; "I only ate the least little bit of overything, didn't I, Alice ? " Alice nodded absently and indif. ferently, and Mies Ethel went on, with a soirnftil head-toes at the grin ning Dick : "I daaced too, mother; not as often as Alico before ehe was taken ill, tut several times with Jim, and Dr. Chester, aid a ratter niue boy." " Was Alice ill ? " Mrs. Keith interrupted anxiouely, not mush in terested ila her youuger dicughter's iahieveameonts, luit painfully suriosa so to the older's troubled look. "Yes," said Jim, with an affection. ately mocking look at his pale be trothed; the queon of the ball over excited herself it eeamso, I left her radiant and joyful, and then, while ohs was talking to her old friend, Mr. Byron Neal, she must needs faint quietly away." There was no tinge of doubt, fear, jealousy, or Suspicion in Jim's frank, ringing tones, nor in the joyous, con tident laugh with which he rounded off his epoech. But a cold fear crept through Mfrs. Keith's veins, She saw her daughter wince, ehiver, and turn away, and with an inward prayer that her fears and doubts might be foundationless, sho let the dangerous subject drop. CHAPTER: VIII. "Alice! " " Mr. Neal I Oh ! why have you followed me hero 2" They stand together under the star light, eager - eyed, passion - pale, dangerously happy. It is evening now -a clear, cold winter's night. The moon shines down in serene and silver splendour on the coldly-sparkling sea so far below them, on the white shelving cliff that is the highest point of Castleton town. It is a spot full of memories for them. Itwas here, that in thosofar-back summer days, Byron Neal had lain at lain at her fooeet and taught her the mystery of a speech unknown to her before, had opened to the dazzled girl's eyes a neow world of dreamy and delicate romance, had wooed her with a veiled, but passionate ardour, and lost his own heart in the wooing. It was hero, too, that Felicia Can. ning had found them, and, working on the generous heart of the reckless, passionate man, had induced him, for a while at least, to fly from the dangerous fascination, and spare the girl who was only too helplessly in his power. But Felicia was far away now, fretting at the bonds which hold her, powerless to aid or warn. They were alone, and every nerve in the girl's body thrilled to the man's pleading tones. Jim had gone; Ethel and Dick wore in full chatter, squabbling and making friends every five minutes; her mother absorbed in the business of preparation. She alone had time upon hleer hands, and a miserable restlessness upon her. She tried to settle to some occupa tion, but the atmosphere of the house grow stifling and unbearable. With out it word to anyone she slipped on her for jacket and lihat, and stole quietly away to her old haunt on the steep cliff, to dream in poeace of the past, that must so soon be buried and forgotten, of lovo, and hope, and Byron Neal I She was quite unconscious that any one had' tracked and followed her; quite unconscious that she was not alone with the weirdly whispering saon and the clear, cold gleam of the moonlit heavens, till she heard her own name, uttered in a hoarse, on treating whisper. "Alice I " She turned with a start, and her heart seemed to turn to stone as she saw Byron Nesal, his handsome, haggard face looking handsomer and more haggard than ever in the whito moonlight. " Stay I " he cried, entreatingly, as the girl moved quickly back, holding her small, trembling hands out as though to hokeep him from her. " I have followed you, Alice; I have waited for hours on the chance of seeing you. Fortune favoured me at last, and I have followed you here hers, where you and I have met so often, where, if you refuse to hear me, we must say farewell for ever." SThere was something almost fright. oning in the tieorooe brightness of his largo dark eyes; his face was drawn and grey; his soft voice harsh and broken; his long slender hand, wheno it touched hers, sooeemed to burn like flameo. This was not the Byron Noal known to and worshipped by soioty this was not the man she had over soonee or known before; a demon of reckless passion was loosed in him to night, and oven the girl who loved him shrank from him with a subtle distrust, But it was notin woman's naturo to resist the yearning love that looked so pitifully out from those dark rimmed haggard eyes-cnot ic woman's heart to fool anything but an intense compassion, looling on so much living pain. "Do not think or speak of me any mooe, Mr. Noal," she said, very steadily and very gently; " my fate is fixed, nothing we can say can alter it now. But you are feverish, you are ill, you should not be hers now." "I should not indeed," he chosd, with a reckless laugh, still holding one slim wrist in a vias-like pressure, "if what you say were true, if your fats were fixed, and you were destinad to no better lot than thit of James Duocan's wife. But it is not so, my darling," with audden.fierce energy; "it must not, it shall not be. We love each other too well for that." There is something exultant in his look and tonscthat brings the bloot in a hot burning bluscs all over the pals faos as the girl crias indignantly- "You have no right to say that, MIr. Noal; I have never told you so." " Have you not ?" 1o drew her closer to him, soarohing her fase eagerly. "iHave you not, you innocont child ? aro~you not owning it now ? Nay, ohili, there is no nsed to blush; mny love is as much greater than yours, as yonder sea is greater than any river that foods it. It is stronger than my. self, than my souse of right and honor, and it well may master you. Alice, say you love me; say that you will disregard every other lisim as I do, and be mine, and mirse alone I" lie hold her now in a close flores clasp, with which it was vain to struggle for a minute's space ; she lay, hit e, motionless, incsnsately happy in hii arms. She felt through her olosed lids tie fires fire of his eyes, felt his lit breath on her cheek, felt his head bend lower aiid lower, tlen his dark locks mingled with her own fair tresses, till his dark moustahelh touched the pal lips aud rested there in a long pasesiotos kiss. If she could only die so! the girl thought in her dazed, delirious joy, while her conscienuee still slumbered, and re morse lay lulled to sdeep--whilo she was conscious only of Byron Neal's presence and pasoionato love-while, aO yet, Jimn and her mother, and her broken faith, were one and all for gotten. The trance of bliss w'as but a brief ono; she roused from it with a pitiful oelf- condemning cry, and drew back lwhite and trembling, with a growing horror in her innocent, blue oyes. " Oh, go! pray go I" she cried gaspingly, " Hlow wicked, how baoe I am I Mr. Neal, if you have oany mercy, leave me, before you have tihe right to despise me 0s I despise myself I" "I have no mercy I" he answered sternly. " Such love as mine is merci. lens always ; but I shall despise you if you keep tihe promise, out of which you were tricked by one man, while your heart was given to another." "There wan no trickery," Alice cried, indignant even then at the imputation upon her honest unloved lover. "If there were no reason for silence you should have been as honest as he, Mr. Neal, and spoken earlier or not at all 1" " And if there was a reason, Alice -if it were my sin, as well as my fate, to love you so madly, and there was aI reason, child-a reason strong enough to stand between us, to seal my lips and send me from you-when I think by speaking and staying I might have made you mine. Now it is gone, it shall come between uo no more I" " What was it, Mr. Neal ? " " The memory of a woman-a bad and cruel womanu--who hase spoiled and darhkened my whole lifo I " he cried, passionately. " A woman whose history would polluto your ear; whoso naturo you could never fathom, whose \- Pshaw! I have done with her. Why should we speak of her again ? " "It was not Miss Canning, then ? " Hlis whole face changed and softened into a wonderful tender beauty; a look that even Alien had never brought into them lighted tihe dark depths of his eyes. "Folicia? No I Thin world lhas never seen a nobler or more nunsellish life than hers. She alone has made my life endurable of late I " A sharp jealous stab pierced the listening girl'se heart. She answered with extremest coldness, yet with a little self-betraying quiver in her voice: "I must bid you good-bye, Mr. Noal. It is time for me to go." But he held the cold little hand as though he would never relinquish it; lIe gazed into the pale little face till his burning glance seemed to pierce the transparent mask, and read every snecret thought of the girl's soul. " Never again, child," he cried, a fierce thrilling triumph in his tone. "Oh, Alice, toll me that you love me I" " As you love Miss Canning ? " "As I love you, and no other woman in the whole wide world. So dearly and passionately that life with out you is less than nothing in my eyes. Yes, I would rather die to night with your words of love echoing in my cars, than live out a long and honoured existence without you." Terrible words, spoken with a fierce, credence- compelling energy, weirdly echoed by the keen wind that whis pered round the cliff, and bore the messago seaward. Alice Keith, hoar ing them, shivered with a presenti mental chill, and clung a little closer to the man over. whose proud head she seemed to see the shlladow of a hovering fate. "You do love me, Alice," he whis pored, fondly. " Whatever happens you cannot rob me of the comfort that knowledge brings; but say it after inme, child. Say, 'Byron Neal, I love youI '" Mechanically Alice repeated the words that were only too cruelly true -repeated them almhnost without a blush, as though compelled to do so by some strong controlling power, and with as strange a fooling of mysterious reverence as though she spoke them in the presence of the dead. "I love you, Byron Neal I" To her dying day Alice will soo vividly before her the strange trans figuring light of joy that flashed from Byron Neal's dark eyes, will fool the strong close presure of his arms, the burning passion of his kiss, and hoar the whislpbred fervour of hisa words- "Thankl God I at last-at last 1" If it were an impious thanlisgiving, it met with quick and cruel punish mont. Bofore Alice had time to struggle from his clasp,- to gather streogth and self-control to toll him the remorse and pain that tore her soul asunder, a harsh coarse laugh rung out upon the air, another shadow fell across the moonlit path-a woman stood defiantly betweon them. A woman, at sight of whom Byron Neal's face grew white as the face of the dead, and Alice Keith's heart seemed to turn to stone. A woman weirdly and fantastically dressed, with scarlet ribbons twisted in the mnotted abundance of her silver iig raven hair, whose large black eyes blared with a wicked triumph, whose features had boon handsome once and wore handsome still in a coarsn and bloated fashion, more hideous in Byron Neal's eyes than any lack of beauty. BuIt what struck Alice moat was the strange, indefinable resemblance to Felicia Canning-a resemblance that extended even to the two women's vuoius, though tiei now-cormer's wae hoarse and drink-roughened, and Folicia's silver- clear.. "You I" Byron Neal cried boarsely, as tie mocking echo of that strident voico rouned him from the trance of horror into which he had fallen. "Marian, you hero ?" " YFs, Marian," the woman laughed sigiificantly, and oven then Alice noted how her companion winced at the hoarse, unmusisal sound. " High time I came to claim my own, and stop such goings on as othis I" Byron Neal turned to the bewildered girl, a look of pitifl, almost abject, entreaty in the delicate proud fies. " Alice, will you go for my sake, ad amt once ?" lie whispered, hoarcely. But low is he spokn, the woman saight the words. "No, stay for my sake, Alice," she nain, mimicking thi other's toie with a wicked relish of this cruel pain she gave. " Stay, like a sensible young woman, and hear the truth that may save you, if you cared to be caved." Alice looked from one to the other -a dazed, helpless appeal in her wide blue eyes. What did it all mean the woman's inoluent triumph, the man'e abject fear? Why did Mr. Neal et nd apart-make no effort to defend her ? Why urge her eo piteously to the flight that was an impossibility to her? The new - comer intercepted the glaneo Mr. Neal ebrank from meeting, and clapped her strong, cruel.looking hands together in an outbreak of mad delight. " I it not delicious, for all his aire, to run him down like this ? " she cried in an ecstatic confidence to the silvering waves of the moonlit seaon. Then turning to Alice with that weird, blood - curdling laugh, eho added, fiercely, "iand you, Mice Innocence, does it never enter your head to oak what I am to him, and he to mo ? " Speech was a literal impossibility to Alice then, but in a sudden flash of inspiration the truth camo home to her before the woman's wild words clave the still sharp air- "He is mine - mine - inel for over and ever; and I am MIarian Neal, his loved and honoured wife I" (To be continued.) 