" THE IDEA6 OF CHiiDIiEN. (HALI.V XKWS.j : ' Everything is a mystery to a cltild, :nnd ail children are mysteries turns. They move about in worlds not realised, and they seldom confide to the hostile tribes of the grown up wnat tney are tximkmg about things. As they grow older, the queer, innocent visions faint from their memory, and very few.people recollect — still fewer have ever told us — what was their childish conception of the universe. Nor, is it easy to discover what passes iu a cliiki's mind. Only by accident is it let out. If you ask questions you puzzle them, aud they answer not at all, or answer in impro vised _ myths, like the child in "Words- worths poem, " Theic is no weathercock, and that's the reason why." Travellers find the same difficulty in getting at tho legends of savages. The only plan , is to listen todheni as they talk among tuemselves, but parents would scarcely 'think it fair to listen to chil dren among themselves even in the interests of science. Odd things are overheard in that way, as when some Scotch children were dis- cussing Creation, and one of them, a girlish theologian of six, maintained that .the Creator " first made a little place lo stand ou, and then did the rest." This was a myth in the making. The scientific interest iies here ; if there is anything iu evolution, a_ child's mind may be expected to puss through tne stages of the early mind of primitive humanity. The processes will not be identical, because children are taught matters, as"iu religion, which are. high above their natural inteflectnal height. Foreign bodies of belief and custom1 are introduced into their thoughts These they tackle as best they may with their undeveloped momui processes and capacities. Ii: tiie hypothesis of evolution, as commonly uuucrstoou, as correct, aud applies here, aud if children think as invade races do, they will reirard all things indiscriminately as personal and animated. Not only will beasts liave human attributes' in the child s and savage's mind, but even stones and stars will be alive and conscious. Kohl mentions an Ojibboway who adored a great rock as his ' Mauitou," because it once made a bow to him. Any stone might have done it; but this particular stone did, - aud ho was sensible of its courtesy - and kiud interest. Mr. Grant Alien has lately oeeu arguing, in the 1'ortnightiy I'c- v'wu,, that stones aro worshipped (as tkev are all the world over) because gravestones were originally sacred, sanctified by the ghost of the dead men who lie below." The stone would be tiie spirit's home, aud, by- extending the idea, other stones would come to be regarded as tenanted by spirits, and all alive. This is an extension or n folio win"- Mr. Herbert Spencer's well-known hypo thesis. Ly one of tlio carious accidents which aro always occurring, a lady happened to give her childish belief in animated stones about the very time that Mr. Alien offered to the. world liis theory ox the origin of the belief. In j.n.!ji;uni's Jht'/aziaf for February Miss lagelow told the story of the recollections of her iuianey. Miss Ingelow does not seeni to have thought, ox her anecdotes as bearing- at all on " fetichisiu, " as it is called, the worsnip of stones, and the theorv that stones are alive, and may even marrv aud have little pebbles, as in Fiji. 3Then" Miss lugelow was about three she was, though a little British child, a little Fefieiiist. "I hud a habit of attributing intelligence to not only all living creatures — the same amount and kind of intelligence I had myself — but even to stones aud manufactured articles. I used to feel how dull it must be for tlie pebbles -'of the causeway to be obliged to lie still, and only sou wliat was round about. "When I walked out with a little basket for flowers I used sometimes to pick up a pebble cr two aud carry them round to have a change : then, at the furthest point of the walk, turn tkuin over, not doubting that they would be pleased to have a new view." Miss Ingeiow had been niught theistie doctrine at a very early age ; otherwise, if left to herself, she would probably have worshipped a big rock. As sue remarks, grown -up people foster this tendency of children to personify all things. They teacli the children to "slap the naughty floor " when they fall and hurt themselves, and so forth. But wc presume that the grown-up aro here accommo dating themselves to infantile psychology ; they did not originally suggest it, in all its force, if so, tho question arises : did Miss Ingelow inherit a savage i'aucy, originally developed out of ghost- worship (as Mr. Allen's theory seems to bo), or is this per sonification of till tilings an unconscious ex tension to tho whole universe of the child's and the savage's own sense of personality"? Is the notion of tho ghost of one buried under a stone at all necessary for the develop ment of the sense that all things have life? Philosophers and evolutionists might, at least, try to learn mere about children than they know at present — more about what passes in their minds. An American author, Miss "Wiltse, lias lately published some studies of childish ideas. They are less fotichistio than Miss Ing-elow'a anecdote. A child might naturally make the myth that thunder is caused by rolling about heavy balls iu heaven, or think that rain was caused by " tho leaking of tlie water carts up there." There is a pretty tale of a poor little city child, who had seen diamonds, '"'in. a shop window, and on a patch of grass in Miss Maloney's yard, real, early in tlie morning." Sail, moon, and stars are regarded as men, women-, or angels, just ashy the Australians, or the people of the Big "Veda. A chilcl whose feet wore stained by blue stockings thought "some of the sky had fallen down and he had stepped in it." He will not be " nearc-r Heaven than when ho was a boy " in later years. Much might be learned if mothers and nurses were anthropologists, but it has not come to that yet. 