AFTER THE BALL. J!V J. T. ORD. The ballroom, after the dancers are gone, is a melancholy place, the material wreckage is so apparent. That piece of torn tulle, that knot of ribbon, the broken fan, tho fallen leaves of flowers suggest so much. The silence seems more in tense when one recalls the mnsis, laugh ter, and gay, rippling talk when the ball was at its zenith. Confidences have been exchanged and confessions made which would never have taken place but for the glamour of the ball. We see the material wreckage, but the human driftwood — the men and women who made the ball — what of them ? That piece of white tulle belongs to the debutante's gown. For days she had raved about the ball, too excited to eat or sleep. Her younger sisters had assisted at her toilette, and the whole household, from the old nurse down to the scullery maid, had been summoned to see her dressed for her first ball. She danced with such evident enjoyment that more than one rapidly fossilising heart felt a thrill of pleasure as they watched her. Seasoned ladies considered she lacked grace ; she romped too much for their taste. All the way homo she chat tered and laughed. Her sisters had smuggled the schoolroom tea things, and after the house was quiet they stole into the heroine's bedroom to hear about the ball. And sitting in all her finery the heroine discounted her partners, de scribed the dresses, and told tliem what she had eaten and drunk at supper. There was a good deal of subdued laughter, humming of waltzes, and try ing on of jewels ; and before they sepa rated the younger girls had decided what they would wear at their first ball. Even the torn dress gave satisfaction. It could not be worn again, so there was no fear of it being laid in lavender until the next in age was ready for it. The broken fan belonged to the leader of a gay set. She broke it when the man who had jilted her for a wealthier mate introduced his wife. The whole room had spun round, the music sounded far away, and tho eyes of all seemed turned upon her. She recovered her society manners at the expense of her fan. One glance showed her that the wife, was insignificant aud badly gowned. She danced with him once just to show him she was not the simple girl she used to be, but a brilliant woman of the world able to hold her own at any game. The man was like a mouse in her hands ; she played with him for a little, then coolly dismissed him. 'Turnout the lights, Nannie,' she said to her maid when she reached home, ' I have a headache.' She meant heart ache, but heudacho is a common word. The broken-down gentleman among the musicians had a heartache too. By a turn of fortune's wheel he had changed from a fascinating eligible to a shady detrimental ; he had been hovering on the brink of scampdom for some time. The saddest words of tongue or pen, ' it might have been,' haunt him as he makes his way to the other end of the town. He had taken the place of a musician who is ill, and as he hands in the violin he asks for the patient. Compassion for the exhausted-looking woman prompts him to volunteer to sit up with her brother. His services arc accepted with gratitude, to be repaid with a life- long friendship. The shady side of life will see him no more. \- The host who gave the -ball tosses on his bed and wonders if the show of his wife's diamonds, thenagnifieent supper and expensive decorations have steadied his credit. One pretty girl, who went out to the balcony without a wrap, gives a rasping cough as she turns on licr hot pillow. The cough is like a funeral knell to her mother, in the next room, who has al ready lost one daughter by consump tion. To some the ball was an epoch in their life, to others merely an incident. The former date their joy or sorrow, hope or disappointment from the ball. The part ners who did not come or came too late, the whispered confession in the curtained alcove which made the future a rosy colored dream of happiness ; thcgallantly uttered confidence, which made the lis tener shiver as if an iev blast had swent through the brilliantly lighted room. It was only the chill ghost Disappointment making his entry into a warm, impulsive heart. If a man received the new tenant perhaps lie drank an extra dose of cham pagne ; if a woman, perhaps she flirted a little recklessly. The lights are turned out in the ball-room and the social masks are thrown . aside. The dawn struggles forth and nature cries out. To some the dawn is warm and rosy, to others it is cold and grey. But the grey may yet brighten into gold, and away from the artificial glitter of the ballroom one may hear the still small voice say ing — 'I have other work for you to do.' 