AN IRISH STORY. SBYo. U. Beantifolly situated in apnlcasant valley of the White inight's country, at the feeot of the Gaiter Mountains, was the cabin of Larry Dodd and his wife. They rented a cabin and a few acres of land, which they eultivated with great care. They were in dependent, and respected by their neighbors; I they loved each other in a matrimonial sort of way, and few had more appearance of comfort about them. Larry was a hard working, and ocrasien ally hard drinking, Dutchb-built little man, with a fiddle head and a round body, a steady-going, straight-forward fellow, only when he carried too much whisky; then, it must be confessed, he could not walk the chalked line with perfect accuracy. He had a moist, ruddy countenance, rather inclined to an expresseeion of gravity. Take it alto gether, he was generally looked upon as a proper person, notwithstanding the fact that he had every day in the year, a sort of un. holy dew upon his face, even in the coldest weather, which gave rise to a Eupposition that Larry was apt to indulge in strong po tatiens. However, all rr.en of talents have their faults-indeed, who ii without them 7 and Larry, Eetting aside his weakness, was a most distinguished man. He was a man of mixed hab:ts, in Ihis mode of life, his drink and his costume. His dress aneorded with his. charaeter-a esort of half-and-half between farmer and horeo jcckey. He wore a blue coat of coarse cloth, with hoirt skirts and a standing collar; his waitcost was red, and his lower habiliments were made of leather, which, in course of time, had shrunk so much that they fitted like a ecoand skin,and long use had absorbed their moisture to such a degree that they made a orackling noise as he moved along. A hat covered with oil skin, a whip,.all worn and jagged at the end, a pair of second-band, or, to epiak more cor rectly, second-footed, greasy top.boots, that seemed never to have seen a blacking-brush, and one spur with a rowel 'completed the everyday drees of Larry Dodd.-- - Thus equipped was Larry returning from Cashel, mounted on a rough-coated and one. eyed nag, though, notwithstanding theSe and a few other trifling.blemishes, a well-built animal; having just purchased the paid nag, with a fancy that he could- make his own money again, and maybe turn an odd penny more by it at the coming KIildorry fair. Larry, well pleased with himself, trotted along the road in the lingering twilight ofa lovely June evening, thinking of nothing at all, only whistling and wondering would horses always be so low. " If they go at this rate," said he_ to him. eelf, "for half nothing, and that paid in bnuter-buyers' notes, who would be the fool to walk?" This very thought indeed was passing through his mind, when his attention was aroused by awoman pacing quickly. by the side of his horse, nnd hurrying on as if endeavoring to.reach her destination before nightclosed in. Her figure, considering the longstrides she took, appeared to be under the common size-rather : of the dumpy order, but whether the damsel was young, old, fair or brown, pretty or ugly. Larry could form no notion, owing to'the fact of her wearing a large cloak, the heed of which was turned up and completely concealed every feature. Enveloped in this mass of dark and con oealing drapery, without much exertion the strange woman contrived to keep up with Larry Dodd's steed for some time, when his master very civilly offered her a lift behind him as far as he was going her way. "Civility begets civility," .they say; however, he re ceived no answer, and thinking that the lady's ei!ence proceeded only from bashful ness, like a man of true gallantry, not a word more said Larry, until he pulled up, by the side of a gap, and then said he: " My little girl just jump up behind me without a word more, though never a one have you spoke, and I'll take you safe and sound through the loneome bit of road that is before nus." She jumped at the offer, sure enough, and up with her on the back of the horse, as light as a feather. In an instant she was seated behind Larry, with her hand and arm buckled around his eaist,holding on. "I hopa you're comfortable, there, my dearn" said Larry, in his good-humored way. But there was no answer, and on they went-trot, trot, trot, along- the road-and all was so still that you might have heard the sound of the hoofs a mile off; there was nothing elso to hear except the moaning of a distant stream that kept up a continied crooning, like a nurse hnushing a babe. Larry, who had a keen ear, did not, how. ever, rnqire so profound a eilen?c to detect the click of one of the shoes. "'Tis only loose the shoe is," said he to his companion, as they were just entering on the lonely bit of road. . Some old trees; with branches festooned with ivy, grew over a dark pool of" water, which had been formed as a drinking place for cattle. Here the horse made a dead halt, and Larry, not knowing what vicious tricks I hia now purchase might have, and unwilling that. through any odd chance, the young woman should get" spilt" in the water, dis mounted, thinking tc lead the animal past the pool. ." By the piper's luck, that always found what he wanted," acid Larry, recollect ing himself," I've a nail in my pocket; 'tis not the first time I'rv put on a shoe, and maybe it won't be the last, for hero is no want of paving Etones to make hammers in plenty." No sooner was Larry off than off with a swing came the woman, just at his ride. Her feet touched the ground without making the lnast noise, and? away ehe bounded, like i an ill-mannered creature as she was, without saying ' By your leave," or no matter what else. She seemed to glide rather than run, Snot along th. road, but ncroes a field, op toward the old ivy-covered walls of I KIilnaslattery Church-and a pretty church it was. "Not eo fast, if Eyou please, young woman, not eo fase," cried Larry, calling after her. But away eho rar.n, and Larry folowed, his leathern garments already described creek, crack, crackling at every etep he tool:. I" \Vh;ere's my wages ?" eanid Larry. "Give me a kiss, my girl; ure, i've eOSrned a kiss from your pretty lips, and I'll have it, too I" - But she went on faster and faster, regard. Iees of there and othler flattering speeches from her punuer. A: last t loe came to the eohmlchyrd wall, and then over with her in an Stinstant. S" Wel!, well I tSa's a mighty smart creo Store, anyhow! To be suore hmow neat ehe stles. Did anycne ever vee the like of that beolre? lut I'll not be baulkcd by any \- woman thalt ever wore a head, or any ditch, either !" cxclainmed Larry, es, with adeeperate Sbound, he vaiulted, scrambled and \- tumbled over the wall into the church yard. Up he got from the elastic eod of a newly made grave, in whichl Yade Leary that Smorning wasburied-rcst his eoul !--and on went Larry, stumbling over headstones and iootatone. over old graves and inew groves, pieces of ceicne, and the lsEkulls n e;ones I of dead men-the lord save us !-that were sEcattered about there as plenty as paving s tones, floundering amid great overgrownr dock leaves sad, bramnbles that, with their Slong, crickly arms became tangcled around his limbs and held him back with a fearful grasp. M1oantime the merry woman in the c!oak Smoved through all these obstructions as evenly nnd as gaily as if the churchyard, crowded up as it was with graves and grave. otnnes, bad bi. n t1.r 1I :or l r. daerngroom. 11iA ,:2 and oIuen iLs. wNal of tLe ol1. cturch ebo wu..t. "11'l just wait," said Larry. seeing this and thinking it all nothing but a trick to frighten him. "When Eho comes round again, if 1 don't take the kiss I won't that's all; and here she is l" Larry Dodd sprang forward with open arms and clasped in them-a woman, it is true, but a woman without any lips to kiss, by reason of her having no head ! " Murder I" cried he. " Well, that ac counts for her not speaking !" Having uttered these words, Larry him self became dumb with fear and astonish ment ; his bloodecemed turned to ice, and a dizziness cSmo ver him. Staggering like a drunken man, he rolled against the broken window of the ruin, horrified as the con viction that he had held a ghost in his em brace. When he returned to something like a feel. ing of conseiounerss he slowly opened his eyes, and then indeed a scene of wonder burst upon him. In the midst ci the ruin stood an old wheel of torture ornamented with heads. This was plainly visible in the strango light which Epread itself around. It was fearful to behold, but Larry could not choose but look, for he was powerless through wonder andfear. He would hav.re shouted for help, but his tongue cleaved to the roof of his mouth, and not one word could he say. His eyes almost started from their rockets, his breast rested on the thichnesr of the wall, over which, on one ride, his head and out swretebod neck prejiected, and on the other, although one toe touched the ground, it de rived no support from thence ; terror, as it were, kept .himi balanced.- Strango: noises \--seriled his cars, until at last they tingled painfully to the sharp clitter of little bells, which kept up. a continual ding-ding-ding. Marrawless bones rattled and clanked, and the deep and solemn sound of a great bell came booming on the night wind. - It was strange musio to danceaby: never. theless, moving to it, round and round the wheel set with kutlle,were well-dreeeedladies and gentlemen, and soldiers nod sailors, and priests and publicans, and. jockeys and Jennies, but all-without their heads. Larry did not know what to think. His brains were all in a mist; and losing the balance which he had so loig maintained,'he fell head foremost into the midst of the com. pany of ghosts. "I'm done for and lost forever I" roared Larry, with his heels -turned towards the stars; and soue I down he came... " Welcome, Larry Dodd, welcome I" oried every head, bobbing up and down in the air. "A drink for larry Dodd I" shouted they as with one voice, that quavered like a shake on the bagpipes.. \--No sooner said than done. One of the number presented a brimming cup to Larry, who, to show his manners, drank it off like a man. "'Tie capital stuff,". he weould have said, but hb got no furthrthan "cap " when de. caspitated was he, and his head began dancing over his shoulder. - Larry, however, was not the first man who lost his head through the termptation of looking at the bottom of a trimming cup. Nothing more did he re member clearly, for it seems body and head being parted is not very favorable to thought. 1'hen his senses returned his first acset was to put his hand to where his bhead formerly grew, and to his great joy there he found it still. He then, shook it gently, but his head remained firm enough, -and, somewhat re. assured by this he proceeded to open his eyes and look around him. ' It - was broad daylight, and in the old churchyard at Kilnaslattery he found himself, with his head ' upon- the lap of earth." Could it have been an ugly dream ? "Oh, no," said .Larry. ,"A dream could never have brought be here. stretched on the flat of my tack, with tho death's head and cross-bones' tormenting, me on Iho fne old tombstone of Pat Kearney of Kilerea-but where is the hore ?" - Ho arose slowly, every joint aching from the bruises he bad recceived,, and went to the pool a9 water, but no horse was there. . . "'Tis hoeio I must go." said Ltrry with a rueful countenance, "But how will face Nanny ? What shall I tell her about the horee, and the two pounds he costme? a'Tis them ghosts that have made their own of him from me, the horse-stealing -robbers; of the world, that have no fear for 'the gallows I But what's gone is gone, that's a clear care." ' Si saying he tmrncd his steps homeward, and arrived at his cabin about noon without encountering any further adventures. There he found Nancy who, as he expected, looked as black aela thunder.cloud at him for being out'allnight. She listened to hismarvellous relation which he gave with eoxlamations of astonishment. When he had concluded, with expressions of grief at the loss of the horse he had paid forlike an honest man, she said: -" But what tooke you p to the old chureh at all, out of the road at that time of: hight, Larry ?" Larry loaked like a crimninal for whom there was'nou reprice. v:He seratched his head' for -anr excose, but not one could he muster up, so he knew not what to esay 0 Larry, Larry," muttered Nancy, after waiting for some time for' his answer, " it's talking with a g:rl you were-an' you a married man I. Confess the truth I" Larry shuddered at the tempest which he pereeived was new about to break upon his devoted head. " Nancy," said he," I do confess. It was a woman without any head-" His wife heard no more. " A woman-I knew it was I" cried eho. " But a woman without ahead,Larry I Well, it is long before Nancy Gallagher ever thoughit i would come to this with her I Tnat she should be lit desolate and alone here by her baste of shusband for a woman without a head ! 0 father, father, and mother, mother, it is well you are low to-day, that yu don't 'eo thiis filiction and dir grace to your daughter that you rated decent and tnder I Oh, Larry you villain I" You'll be the death of your lawful wife, talking with Euct vile crIythers !" " Well," said Lsry, putting his hands in his eaot poclket, " tcrst enid is soorrncrt Smended. 0! the young woman I know I nothing; but this I do known, that a Swoman without a head may well be colled a good woman, becanso she has no tongue l' How this remvrk operated on the matri monial dispute I will leave my readers to im agine. It is, hwever, reported that Nancy had the lsot word. 3Y f:st word to all men and bhys who care to hear mc is, Don't get into debt. Ltarver and go to heaven, but don't borrow. Try first begeing, I don't mind, if it's really needful, Etcealing I ut doo'i buy things you can'" pay for !-Rarkin. WoE the soEng's gone ouat of your life, you can' start anolther while it's a rilging in your ear ; it's best to have a bit of Eilence, and out o' that maybe a pealnm'll ceme by and by.-Edward Garrett. TIE maelstrom attraects more notice than the quiet fountain , a c3mt draws more attention than the steadry star, but it is betrcr to be machtromn, and star thIan comet following out the slphere and orbit of uluiEt Ue-fuloCsS in which lod places us. John Hail. Ae--aEI eot.s in any part of our carriage is lighting up a candle to our deiects, and never fails to mlaho us take notice of t, Seither as wanting enree or sincerity. 3I teos people wouldeucced in smelmail things , ii they were not troubled with great ambi tions,--Longellow. 