ST. JOHN'S CHURCH, At the above church on Suuday evening last the Rev R. G. Burke preached the following sermou on confirmation. He chose his text from Acts, ,8th chapter and 17th verse. " Then laidlhey their hands <»n tliem, and they received the Holy Ghost." ^ ^ I have _ chosen _ _ these _ _ words as a text becauS(3 it is <me of the earliest references in t]le history of the Church of Christ to the apostolic practice of the laying on of hands, and so it is a suitable passage whereby to introduce the rite of confirmation for our consideration. I have endeavored to deal with this important subject as briefly as possible, for an adequate treatment would far exceed the limit of an ordinary sermon. There are, unfortunately, many captious persons amongst undoubtedly Christian people. Although they admit the general excellence of the Anglican system,• the unquestioned usefulness of the ancient practices that have developed during the growth of the church, they are so naturally addicted to fault-finding that they are constantly demanding a direct scriptural authority for each good custom. The want of common sense in these never-ending objections is really surprising, for it should be remembered that the New Testament gives us an account of the mere infancy of Christianity. There was no time during the lives of the apostles, nor was there any necessity, for the development of the rules and customs that circumstances forced on the church, when its numbers so grew and multiplied that they spread over all the known world. It would indeed be vain to look for an advanced state of things in regard to organization, while the gospel in its bare essentials was being preached to the mixed multitudes in heathen cities. The regular ministration of baptism for infants and adults, the order of confirmation, the beautiful form for the solemnization of matrimony, the grand and consoling order for the burial of the dead, nay, even the soul- refreshing administration of the Lord's supper as Christians liow-a-days celebrate it iu remembrance of our Lord's death and passion : these and all the systems of church government as they at present exist would have to be rejected, were we to insist ou literal and precise authority for each fruin the New Testament. Casting aside in our self-couciet the wisdom of ages, seeking new methods because they are new, not because the older ones are unscriptural, can never strengthen the church, but only weaken it by unseemly divisions to the unholy scorn of the enemies of Christ. Well, the policy of our venerable church has been above all things to i^t her doctrine and practice on Holy Writ, and at the same time not to alter her forms and methods for sake of novelty, but rather she loves the old practices because they are old, and particularly because experience proves them to be ^ood. The rite of confirmation, considering the purpose it has 111 view, is oue that we need not seek to improve upon. Though a very aucient ceremony it has passed through soma variations. It is based upon the practice followed by the apostles of laying on of hands. We are told for example that when the Samaritans balieved on Christ through the instrumentality of Philip the deacon's preaching, Peter and John were sent down from the church at Jerusalem to confirm the work. After the converts were baptised and after special prayer the apostles " laid their hands on them, and they received the Holy Ghost." Fro 11 this it would seem that though baptism might be administered by ordinary was" confined ~to" tfie "highest* grade of teachers, viz., the apostles themselves. Following out this idea, tiie bishops alone administered confirmation in the earlv church, as a meai.s of strengthening the grace conferred by the sacrament of baptism. And as iu these times most of the baptised persons were conveits from heathenism and mature years, confirmation followed almost immediately after baptism, but as the bulk of the population of the Roman Empire became Christianized, and as parents wished to introduce their children in due form into the spiritual atmosphere and the privileges of the church, infaut baptism became reasonably enough the general rule, and has remaiued so to the present day. It then became necessary to postpone confirmation until the child was sufficiently instructed to understand the meaning of the rite, and we accordingly find directions given in Canons of Councils that bishops should traverse their dioceses at stated intervals for confirmation. This good and pious custom the Church of England has retained, and she has compiled a most excellent service for administering the rite. This service is strictly scriptural. It adopts the custom of laying on of hands in blessing, resorted to by the patriarch Jacob when he blessed Joseph's sons, adopted by our Lord himself in blessing little children, and followed by the apostles on various occasions. And who can estimate the direct and indirect benefits associated with the faithful carrying out of this ancient rite ? In connection with it the energies of the Lord's faithful people are stirred up on behalf of the younger members of the church. All true Christians, l articularly parents, are touched with a sense of loving responsibility. They have found by experience that the gospel of Christ has been to them a " pearl of great price," and so their sympathies are enlisted for the welfare of the younger brethren. They look around them for persons that ought to be confirmed and use their influence to induce them to prepare for the sacred rite, and as they zealously labor for the good of others a blessing comes back to themselves. With holy pleasure they recall hallowed memories connected with their own vows of self-dedicatiou in the bright moniino of life, and these retrospects are profitable for they lead to searchings of heart as to their continued fidelity to the sacred vows. Confirmation, moreover, is a ccremony of great interest to us as a Christian congregation. At this time we are, in fact, selecting and educating our successors' vv e are recruiting new members, whose duty and privilege it will be to maintain the mimstrations of the gospel when we shall hare been called away from the militant to share iu the glories of the church triumphant. Consider then £, reat responsibility that rests on us as members of the Church of England in this district. We have to 8ee °that we procure laborers for the Lord's vineyard When our own time of work is over, that they ~ , ", . , and are duly instructed in the nature of their duties, so that our Grit s ^ T ? 1 be fAithfuI 'y efficiently inainlv Hi - 1 " 6 38 mi " ister ^volvi « o n d S e " T res P ons ibility of insruction, but many of you can help by showing an interest in the candidates' f a c S s T ' necessary \- . ,n sending them" to classes for r" ct,OH - T o the young persons study- ™ confirmation the benefits are I . mp,y. "'.calculable. Pardon — me *-- for ' j repeating the hackneyed admission wrung I Z l d ^ fahinln MkUhew J,TT, but^ven R S O G S F A tC agnostic the eduoation V b e ^ fe Studying the Bible is of twice the practical importance of all classical and scienti£ instruction combined. So far as time permits we endeavor that confirmees shall be intelligently,/' rooted and grounded" in the Christian faith, and that they shall be put into the narrow faith that leads to life everlasting. After that it will be their own fault if with their eyes open to their true welfare they are so weak (a unfaithful to their pious resolutions, as to turn their backs on the way of salvation Even from the iower poinfc of view, that of personal gain, the Christian training most valuable. It has a refining influence that is acknowledged by the most sceptical. In those who have sat for instruction at the feet of the gentle Jesus we do not meet with the abruptness of manner, the offensive display of false independence that we too often encounter in th(tt« taught on the purely secular system. Even men of the world in chosing their employes prefer the gentle, polite, and respectful bearing instilled by Christianity, to the rough, cynical, and offensive address of thoBe outside its influence Those who are true to the principles of Christian teaching are chaste and sober - they are zealous and faithful, patient and' affable in their business relations ; they are respectful to their elders, devoted to their parents ; they are better ions and daughters, better husbands and wive> better fathers and mothers, batter men and women in all the complex relations of life ; and they are the best of citizens for while they are ever ready to maintain good order in the state, they will insist on enjoying all the advantages consistent with an enlighted, civil, and religious liberty. In the more settled state of society that prevails in the older countries, such as Germany, Denmark, and England, it is contemplated that persons offer themBelves for confirmation at an early age, but the circumstances of new countries like ours often make this inconvenient or impossible. And so it is not uncommon for persons of very mature years to come for- ward when opportunity offers to comply with the time-honored rule of the church. Nobody should be so deficient in moral courage as to keep back from the right course, because of the fancy that it mny look singular. As a matter of fact confirmation in mature years is not singular, I myself have presented persons of middle age married and siugle, but even if it were unusual, should any hesitate for ES paltry a reason to declare his hdelitj & Christ before the congregation in the wav appointed by ancient usage ? Ashamed of Jesus, can it be ? A mortal man ashamed of Thee, Ashamed of Thee whom angels praise, Whose glories shine through endless dr Let us remember the solemn words : Him whose name is Truth—" Whosoerj shall confess me before men, him slii! the Son of Man also confess before the angels of God ; but he that denieth me before men, shall be denied before tlit angels of God." (Luke xii., 8, 9.) A confirmation service takes place in country districts only once in every few years, ana when our chief paptor visits us for this purpose the occasion should be made one of genuine religious revival. All clasps in our church should be brought together in hearty Christian sympathy, each ought to show a kindly concern in the welfare of all. Amongst the whole congregatimi there should be manifested earnest godly effort, cach persuading the other to do what is right, and encouraging him tu hold fast that which is good. May many offer themselves to God, body and soul, at the approaching confirmation. May it be the means of a true revival of deep felt love to God our Saviour ; and when, accordi nor annstiilip niiotnm- — after earnest prayer lays his bauds ou ou: candidates, may each of them in rety deed receive the gift of the Holy Ghosi, and exhibit his seven-fold graces to their lives end. 