I FICTION. From EnglUtt, American, and oilier Periodical!, THE 60LDJUNTERS. CHAPTER XIX. The Indians were in truth looking for the wag- I gons. Both parties had had a narrow escape . I Thoir presence in the valley had been detected bj, scout or stroller and information carried to soinij point from which a war party of seventy had beef despatched to surprise and annihilate them. Th1! party had come in by one of the narrow valleys anj found the camp abandoned. The" severe Btorm ho} obliterated all traces, and the Indiana had gone ù the valley to pick up the trail. As they return«| they were riding at a slower pace, and were spresf out the width of the valley. ', Would they look into the mouth of the canyon ; i The query was answered five minutes latej Three warriors turned their ponies to the right anl rode in within ten feet of the stone wall. Thd rode its entire length and halted in the gap at(' looked up the canyon. i The men were lying flat down on the earth, ea<j clutching his rifle, and horses and waggons we! . just around the bend. Could it escape the Indians that the wall w artificial ? Must not their sharp eyes detect t'. figures hugging the earth ? It did not seem th. the gold hunters had one show in a thousand escape detection, and yet they were not detecte After a halt of not more than a minute, though seemed a quarter of an hour to each man, the tr of redskins passed on and the moment of peril wr past. -/ A bit of natural philosophy stood between th gold-hunters and discovery. The Indians ha1, turned into the gloom and shadow from the brighj sunshine and their vision was short-sighted and UD certain. Had they waited a little longer they musi have seen something or other to arouse to sus picions, but they seemed impatient to get on. i " Thank God !" whispered more than one man a, the horses were heard moving away. In half an hour the gold-hunters dared exult an< plan. Two men were left at the wall as look-outi three or four others were held as a reserve at t> camp, and the captain, Harking, and Joe set out . the canyon to search for the care of gold. Wh the darkness became so intense as to interfere wn their progress they lighted torches and a thorough inspection was made of both walls. The canyon extended into the mountain for a full mile, winding and turning, and long enough before it ended the pine trees met above it and pre- vented a single ray of light from descending. Nothing answering the description of the dying hunter could be found. He had said, as Harkins understood, " five miles to the right of the peak." Here was the spot. He had described the mouth of the canyon, and everything here bore out the de- scription. He said that Bridger went up the canyon about a mile and then turned into a smaller one running to the left. There was no such canyon! The left bank was solid rock and earth from the waggons to the spot where the great rift stopped short at a flinty wall a thousand feet high. The mighty wrath had split the mountain thus far, but it could go no further. Three times the men travelled from the camp to the end of the canyon, and then all were certain that Harkins had been mistaken. They eat down on a boulder in the bed of the canyon to rest and discuss the matter, while the single torch secured in a cleft hardly allowed them to see each other's faces. " Well, we have no right to complain, as we have lost nothing," said the captain. "Indeed, if we had not slipped in here not a man of us would now be wearing his scalp." " Wasn't the old man flighty in his last hour ?" asked Joe of Harkins, who seemed much cast down. " He gave no evidence of it ¡ on the contrary, his mind seemed wonderfully clear to the last." " Perhaps he said to the left instead of the right of Ouster's Peak," suggested the captain. " No, I am sure he said to the right, but he may have meant the left." " It's no use crying over spilt milk," laughed the captain. " If we have lost the cave we have saved our scalps. I'm inclined to think the old man misspoke himself. I believe those renegades gave this place a thorough looking over and are now in the canyon below if there is a canyon there. If the cave is there they have got at the gold ere this, and that ends it." Harkins sat with bowed head. He had felt BO sure that old Saunders told the truth that he hated to give up the search. There wa» deep silence for a moment, broken by a whisper from Joe ! " Great Heavens, but what is that !" They were near the wall which formed the end of the canyon. All raised their heads and looked into the darkness and saw a faint light shining out like a star. At the same moment their eaw caught the sound of many voices chanting in low tones, and a strange, weird music filled the heavy air. "Hush-sit still!" whispered the captain as Harkins seemed about to spring up. Then, from the face of the solid rock, issued forth a strange procession of strange shadows-shadows which moved in double-file right past the trio down into the blackness of the canyon towards the waggons. The one who led the procession carried what looked like a banner. Behind him was one who seemed to carry an urn. Then came four shadows which bore a bier, and those who came after had their faceB upturned and were wailing and chanting. The men saw and heard and realised, but were chilled and powerless to move. Can the dead come back to earth P Do the ghosts of those who have gone before gather in the shadows and the darkness and hold re-unions ? Chant! Chant! Chant! Out from the solid wall-a wall in which the sharp eyes of the gold hunters had failed to detect a crevice large enough to conceal a squirrel-poured ' the stiange, queer spectres, and down, into the darkness marched the procession. ¡ March! March! March! Their feet kept time to the wild, weird chant, but not the sound of a foot- fall came to the ears of the living. Each ghostly figure stood out separate and distinct, but not a face could be seen. " We are doomed men !" groaned Harkins, as he ' covered his face with his hands to shut out the sight. " Aye ! We shall never leave this spot alive !" added Joe. " Hush, men !" whispered the captain as he raised | his hand. " They are dead, true enough, but thay are the dead of a thousand years ago-of the cave dwellers and the Aztecs. I have seen them twice before, and they brought no bad luck. Hero they come on the other side !" The three were seated on a rock in the centre of the rift. The head of the spectral procession had gone down the canyon several hundred feet, and then turned to come back on their left, passing them again within a few feet. March ! march ! march ! Chant ! chant chant ! Soft and low and sweet came the notes-like the murmur of the August breeze in a forest pine. The feeling of awe was crowded out of the heart3 of the living, and a feeling of sadness and reverence crept in. It was the dead burying its dead ! -u.^^-v/of ä, ..ho 1 t d le ir n d e a y o t e y J .0 d it is place, 'ine >."-. . ^-ie cement is as hard as the rock and almost the colour of it. One of you begin on that side while I take a hand hare." Tea minutes' work proved what he had asserted -that a large stone had been fitted to an opening, but the work of drilling out tho cement was like drilling into the stone itself. When noon came they had made a considerable impression, but fully realised that they had undertaken a laborious task. The forenoon had passed with those at camp without alarm. The sentinels thought they heard the reports of rifles down the valley, but were not certain. Not an Indian had shown himself, and it was hoped that they had been thrown off the scent and would leave the valley. From the first the two girls had been drawn to each other, and Lizzie found a deep sympathizer in Bess. When brought into camp by Harkins the poor girl was in a truly forlorn condition, as may be imagined. While she still labourod with the grief which choked her every time she thought of the sad fate of her parents, she had been made very presentable in appearance, and more than one of the waggon-men felt that his heart beat faster at Bight of her sweet, sad face. As the trio returned to camp from their labours up the canyon, Bess beckoned her father aside and said: " Our friend is worrying and wanta to talk with you." "Yes, I want to ask you about my mother," added Lizzie. " I am sure I saw father lying on the ground, and have no doubt the renegades killed him as the first part of their plan. Mother and I both got away, and she was not overtaken. What would be her fate ?" " It is hard to say," replied Harkins, after re- flecting on the matter. " If she got through the night all right, she' may have found the trail of the waggons in the morning and overtaken the party. We must hope that she did. It may also be that your father waa only stunned by the blow, and is ere this all right again and with his friends. " Do you think there is even the faintest hope ?" she tearfully asked. " I do." " Thank God for that P I shall almost cease ' worrying under that hope. And now what of myself?" " You are to remain with us, of course." " But for how long ?" *' We cannot even guess. We may head back for civilization in a week-perhaps not for three months. It depends on our luck as gold-hunters. It is more than likely that some of the party to which you belonged will be encountered soon, and who knows what good news we moy receive ? Yon are thrice welcomed to all it may be in our power to do for you." Meanwhile Bess had whisperingly inquired of Joe what chances the mother had of escape. " God help her-none !" he answered. " She was wild with fear when she ran from the waggon, and ¡ she would grow wilder. Before morning came she j was a maniac, but I doubt if she lived to see another day." " Indians P" gasped Bess. " No-wolves ! At that distance from the mountains a man loaded down with firearms could hardly have kept them off all night. Encourage the girl all you can, but don't hope in your own heart that there is one chance in a million that she will ever see her mother again." As the pair stood together apart Harkins observed them with a start and whispered to himself : " Well, well, but I do really believe that my Bess has taken a liking to that chap ! How queer !" He might more truthfully have said: How natural !" and he might have used the word "love" for "liking." And when the man looked upon the sweet face of the orphan he had ao gallantly rescued at the peril of his life, and felt his heart beating faster, he might have discovered another queer thing-that somebody else had "taken a liking." r The captain had given the men to ^understand that he was prospecting up the canyoni for gold, but had said nothing of the discoveries made. When dinner was finished and the trio w^rc ready to return he renewed his caution about lkeeping a steady lookout for danger, and ordered thAt no one was to leave camp on any pretext till his\ return. Then the three set out for the scene of their Babonrs and bogan work immediately upon their arrival. They had no fear of their fire being seen or ïjheir blows overheard, and men who work to solfre a mystery do not tire. ** \ After three hours of hard work the crow-Tsars secured such a. grip on the stone that it movied. One united effort would heave it out of the openiög. It was then that the captain stopped back and sUt down and said : " Let us take a breathing spell now, and lot us\ prepare ourselves to bo disappointed." " What do you think is behind the stone ?" asked Joe. " A cave of some sort." " And what shall we find in the cave ?" asked Harkins. " The shrivelled bodies of dead Aztecs. That lost race always buried their dead in caves, and when the place would hold no more it was walled up. I have helped to open three or four." " But why go to all this trouble to open a cave of bones and dust ?" petulantly queried Harkins. " As the Indian of to-day places the property of the dead warrior beside him that he may have an outfit in the happy land bnyond, so the Aztecs placed the wealth of their dead beBide them in these caves. I have seen many ornaments of gold and silver which came from such caves." "Then let us to work?" exclaimed Joe as he seized a bar. "We shall find a cave of dead if not a cave of gold," added Harkins. The bara were inserted on the left haad side of the stone, each man drew a long breath, and at the word each threw his weight on his lover. The stone rrerablod, moved forward, hung a moment, and then fell to the earth with a heavy thud, and an opening appeared into which a horse could almost have walked. (To be continued.) 