THE PHONOGRAPH. ' I record the wonls of mary.' , ? H|p|g?^§S|l ORK, either of the muscles or W^J the brain, is one of .the con 2l ditions of human happiness. KiSkfgif 'Without it there can be no 1111111 wholesome enjoyment. The PIPE'S idIe mnn eitlier aei'k a siib3ti' ii&&§i| tute for the healthy excitement llpVP-SMil of labor in vicious indulgence, or ' ej,» e !? es into a being only a few degrees above the lower animals. His soul and mind, in the one case, become degraded and debased by false uses ; in the other, they rust within him, and he is left to the government of the mere instincts which he possesses in common with the brute. ? The truest life — that most accordant with our nature — is one in which physical and mental labor arc judiciously mingled, alternating with such recreation -as tends to refresh and renovate both. Neither constant bodily toil nor incess ant study is advisable. When the muscles are tired give them a recess and do a little head work. When both head and hands are weary, try amusement— light reading of a wholesome kind, a romp with your children, if you have any, a socialevening witha neighbor — anything, in fact, that may properly be termed innocent relaxation. This is rational life. It is a sort of life that may be warranted to wear well, and it will not be clouded with fits of the blues. He who lives it will be. younger in feeling at three score than the fast man, whose career has been a gallop after excitement, at thirty five. If you belong to the the working world, and eat your bread in the sweat of your brow, do not fancy that you have, therefore, no oppor tunity to enrich your mind. Labor, thank Heaven, is not so ill-paid in this country that the toiler cannot afford to throw down his tools now and then and cultivate his intellect. Two thirtls, at least, of pur distinguished men have been farm laborers and handicraftsmen. Arery few of them were il university men.' Our common schools impart nil the instruction nec essary to enable their pupils, it after life, to educate themselves thoroughly in the higher branches of knowledge. With the foundation thus laid, what is there that a persevering and ambitious Australian cannot teach himself? Nothing, we believe, that the human mind is capable of mastering. Let it never be forgotten that the greatest statesmen, discoverers, inven tors, scholars and artists in all countries have sprung from the ranks of labor. JJICIJ J^UUU » I1U 1111131* 'VIA UUU LJllj |IHH. tical details of housekeeping for herself. 'We are at last gradually learning, to admit the great influence our daily food, and consequently our digestion, has on our daily life. The next thing to do is to put this newly- acquired 'wisdnm into practice. If you wish to be a good housekeeper, begin by realizing that, as in other trades, there is no royal road to success, and that, beyond certain hard and fast rules, you have several very un certain tastes arid wants to take, into account. ' One man's meat is another man's poison,' says the old proverb, truly enough. You may draw up an ideally perfect house-keeping code on paper, and in practice it will break down hopelessly at the first start, because you have totally forgotten the warning given in that old saw. The list of daily and weekly fare occasionally given by some or the correspondents of the newspapers have struck us as absurd. How, in the name of all that is wonderful, can they be carried out, not by mortal men, but by mortal maid- servants ? The thing is, that every one may be right in his own particular case, but wrong is expecting every one else to go and do likewise. If your household is to 1'3 c nfortable and healthy, you must, to a cerhii l extent, study individual tastes and wants, anu not insist on reducing all to the same orthodox level. Give a little real thought to your daily bills of faro, for nursery, kitchen, and dining-room alike, and you will be amply repaid. A wise man once said that the road to people's hearts lay through their stomachs. 'Well, why not ? Our temper undoubtedly depends a great deal on our digestion, and we are far more likely to bo grateful to and fond of the people who study both, than we arc of the good folk who stump along regardless of either. Phrenologists have assigned to a protuber ance', under the ear the faculty of ' vitative 'iiess,' or love of life, and somo of them assume that in proportion to the size of the bump is the strength of tho vital element in the indi vidual. However this may bo, that the love of life is intense in some minds, and scarcely exists at all in others, nobody of course, will deny ; and it is no less true that persons who earnestly desire to live can keep a mortal disease at bay much longer than Ihose who are comparatively indifferent to their fate. ' The tenacity with which some men cling to life is .marvellous. We had an instance of this in the case of a noted pugilist, several years ago, who was shot in the breast during a bar rooin scuffle, and his condition was pronounced hopeless by the surgeons. But ho scoll'ed at their opinions, and actually lived several days with a ball in. his heart ; keeping his hold upon life — so it seemed — by sheer force of will. A resolute determination not to succumb, is, as every army surgeon knows, the salvation of many a wounded soldier, who without it would assuredly die. In the Crimean war the mortality among the wounded Turks was much greater than among the wounded French and English. The latter wrestled stoutly with Death and often baffled him when their doom seemed inevitable; butthepredestinariau Mus sulman, when dangerously in jured, said gloomily. ('It is my kismet,' (fate) — turned his face towards llecca and gavp up the ghost. ^ There can be no doubt that love of lilVand \lgor of will ltavo been tile, means of vesturing to health thousands of patients who but for these mental characteristics must have perished. 