\- IRoveltet* THE HAUNTED HUSBAND; ' ?? . OB, ' ???.??'? .:, Iiiuly Vhotwynd's Spectre. ; tBY MltS. HA.ltB.IET LEWIS CHAPTER XVI. V I.ADY DIANA SOIITIIWIOK. , ' .' iindy Diana Northwick, colebratcd for her beauty and Bolntlllnnt wit, was a moat ac complished coquottu and woman of society ; and Lady KorteBouo might well feel appro honsWo lest tho great explorer, bo long un usod to ladies' society, should fall a. victim to her alluring beauty. But;tho djstinguiahed explorer Beomcd by no moans ready to fall upon hfs knees a cap live to tho cnarnis or Jjiidy Diana. Ho re garded her with a cool cynicism that piqued her, «nd yot his manner was full of n gontlo courtesy that showed that ho had not always been a Btranger to a lady's drawing-, room. 1 '? Lady Diana wbb greatly impressed with liia appearnnco. It would bo somothing, she thought, with the instlnots of the , - coquette all aroused by his cool cynicism, to , bring n man Hko this to her feet. '? ~i. 'I would like to subdue Ins pride,' thought tho beautiful coquotto. ?'lean do: it, and I will I By tho by, I wonder if thoro's a Mrs. TempcBt 7. My success will bingo upon that.' ? * . ? Sho soon had an opportunity to satisfy .: her curiosity. As eho was slowly promonnding with Tompcet, ho mado a remark about having no friondB or relatives iu England. 1 '-Pardon me,' said Lady Diana, ' hut you c.tcito my. curiosity. Havo you no family * tics, Mr. Tompest ?' ' Nono whatever, Lady Diana.' Lady Diana looked uurpriBed, but in her heart aho wns plensutl. Her abject (if euh , * . dtting this haughty cynical 'celebrity was not . * likelv to bo Interfered with by a possible v - Mrs Tempest. ? ??'??'; ,: \ Tempest's wit was m brilliant .on her own and they became absorbed in conversation,. which thoy kopt up until the littlo fernery i whoro thoy had passed became lilled with Kroups of lovers, nnd thoy then returned to; thu drawing-room. ' ' ' They preBontly.hecamo Bdpnrated, and did; , , not meet again throughout thu cvoning' 4 ~ until Lady Diana camo down from tho drcas-! log room, Bhroudod in a whito opera cloak nnd hood, when .Tumpciit stepped forward; with gravo courtesy nnd offered her his arila -' , 'vH_ tocouduct her to bor carriage.- Lord TentiiV i. ' ft ' mour spranp forward juat.'nn Instant ion ^ „ lalo. Jjady Diana laid hor little (jlovedhana 7-i on TcinpcalVnrmjniid walked, upside him ''? ' ;* imt a b thoopou doorway, down tho.carpqlcd: stone steps under tho gay awning, ana wn's 1 _ nBBistotl by the returned traveller into.?;hor \- ' '? carriage. ?.? ' -, ?'';;. s' Sho bestowed upon him a bewitching1 ' r-1 smilo, and asked him to call upon her at-her. houso in Park Lane, saying that'aho . *oilld always bo at bonio to him. Tempest aecepted tho invitation gravely, and bowing deeply, ?topped back, (,'iviui; plnco to Lord Tunta mour, who, with a displeased air, entered tho carriaso, as it rolled away, Tempest _ ascended the steps and re-entered tho houso, grimly smiling. ' '' . : '?'',- The day after Ijndy Korto.scuo'a party Tjady. NDiaua Northwick stood at one oE tho ;broad; , ( plateglaas French windowB of heci own: ' \ drawing room, in her Blately ?houio i u- at South Audlcy street, looking nut idfy ,. ?- , yet with an expectancy unknown to hoisel.f. *'ftt':t- ? Before tho bright honrth Btood hor lovpr, ^ ' to whom sbo was mid to bo betrothed— '' '? , ' Ijord Tontamour. II« wna evidently! irri i1.-' ' tatod and annoyed. One might havo d,eomod that tho noblo piir hal been (tuarrollii)}, but for the quiet linpanirenrss t)f the ?'l v - lady's cold and baujrhty face, nnd tho 'ex- ' preaslon of weariness in her miv^nifioHht1 lu-i anuro oyeB. - ?..;?., 1 ? 'l'begln to'bellova that pnnptu ara rljjbt, vli ' , , Diana, and tlmt you bnvu no hfiVrti' iaaid ' Lord Tcutamnur, bitterly, ' You ha7B ' ? *? played fast nnd looif! with mn forjda'rSi ' v you havo always held m« at nrms,1 lnpjjth, '^ .And troatcd ma more m an nrdinary frfond '^' - -thun as your accoptiid lovor and (urothisdd r-j ' , husband, I am tirrul of (ill this.' ,.;- - . ' If you aro ' tired of all tlili.' ' mlii Lady ^- v , Diana, culdly, 'you curi llln.'':off 'niy 1 * t nl)aoklea. I will gWn you bank your' liberty. On tho wholn, perhaps that course mlght-bc »' ' . beat.' .'? .?'-?' '??? ? ?..?..?'? : r r ?- ,' I rofuse to aeonpi it I' eriml Tj'ird Tcnta mour, tho angry fliwli derp^mriB in Klg'facn. f , ' Diana, you nreerml. 1 Imiinvo, as fisople , -? 8»yi that you wor« horn without » lishrt. I v Jibto booh your betrothed husband for more v - j«siM than I lik.i to count; You hit not /».,,,,,. treating wo well. I OcmaniVthat bnr long «n(?agoment terminnto at oi'ec In mi»rrlntf-\ ' I shall givi) you no furtheWrntib. ' lou shall ,' -^ - ,/iarry mo within a month.' ?. ? u/i, / .- Lady Diana's purOypaU ohcoKs Uimlled 'V/'^ ' ' .uto flaroo. ?..?? ' .V .' N- \ , V , « liord Tentamour torcrls to whom ho Is ,'?'/ upeaklng,' she snld icily. ' I «uug'j'8t that ,-,.r ' ,-T your lordship wi'k n brldo In Turkoy. . I ! { -?? .' boliove, outnidivof Tui-fcey.'a ? lady' W, n'lowed iX*-'1- somo voice in tospnet to W fiwn hiarriiiKe; '7,7' Sour now role of Ur/ini Tnilrd-M^ hot be ' / 'i ', como you. /do not intnnO to be miurieMlo k' , i.' ''' - a month's timu, If you so inlt'iJ1' }''» iiim'i i ?° t i' . gock anothor bridii Hihii I.!' , ?.-;?... :v '??: ???:.. ,_-/?? ' ,i ' Voii'nro very fund ut yiiiir ?.libwty,''si»i-l- i' ?»' '-'i '''? lordBhip, with n slight, alninHl'.lrnp'nrVT 'Ct \ y ' - tlbinsriccr. ' Am\ what -u'liiilo V'tiinatoDt ??)'' '. ,' Itl Yoii nraa i:no.'Hitte, wbosnonly1 iilij'ct ''?',' . , ;/? ' ' in life U to pUy'lhe parl of a fMae.'baneo.T, \--.s . nndlurnmon to thoir ru'n. C'aiOytjU tnitlr Ic*-, u' -? fully aillr in that you ilia mil' |*iy tb« no. i ;« i -iuette Jost night with thia new, Upn— this jKtwc«plpiBr-l)A3il.Toiapeit»,?hj ,: . Tin: ll.uii'i ol- l.ady Diana's vlivok* burnt yelmoto vivify. 11 1 have nut iippoiuteil you my father con fcasor, Lord 'X|ut»uiour,' sho said, looking more attentively from tho window. ' 1 was civil tn t is Mem, dark-browed traveller, Bcarccly more.* ' Tun call U baro civility to dovutc to him a; full hour out of your ovouing— to question him in regard to his adventures— toapp ar nwej and thri'.I.:' nud delighted by tiuna, and to exhibit an in\\. 'CBt in him you rare!) exhibit towardB even me!' Baid Lord Ten (amour, with jealous vehcuicnui!. ' I sen tliat j f.u nr-s inlei'tuted in him. 1 innist, Diaim, thnt a nlop be put to your coquetries. I demand ngaiu that yjnr ongaiiomcHt ?« mo bo fulftled immediately. I will 'not .Wait, for you lunger, Ureat lleavon 1 i I-i--1t.ttt tun years I have wasted in /tl;iut:i\q nlk-ndauco upon you. My mm pensc must .cejwo to-day. You must name our bridal -'?&$'.'.', ':?? ; ; In liin joaliiis pnsalun, bis lorilsliip as 'siniicd a ilto:aU)jria!.nir that aroused I-:.dy DI^n:i'» -Kflan£;.'.'nnger, She turned awny from thowlndpw.anU npproachiil him, her bSjijeyns.biaJsinfj^her lips curled in scorn ari(Vavcr«inri. j Sho pulled from omi slender ? fiiijrllriRcij a :rm{{. set with nn immense 'dtannm'IJ nuj ;dropped it Into Tcntamuiir'9 hu)nls in1 raiightysilnnee'. .y'» Diahft I ..W'haJ.dpes this mean?' ii|'lt inpiis 'that'y'ou aro '-freo— and that I Am also free I . [It means, that you havo.no lo'rjcor.'V(^tii^.!0:it6V-vout yiiur jealous rage iM'Wnlj '^ ar/is3l^tir-!d;;of ? these scenes. I iliKvo frrcd' j/-.)'|pur ' ?uiarriagp'.. from year to tKar.Teiiaodly;^ (which you know as woll n3 I.7; ',(|ii lga'-r jojen}e'nt'.i9 termiriatoil ht )i»»t- I .jt'ilt ia-u: lu;|pp(*nl)VaniVwIii tome; pnb moie. ^ijo)i,«iip,«M 'AaVa'tve ?il;|'«itti-;'-*v;*'-.--''(-.''-;^.-:;;'.'--;;- ^^l!liu^q^c^'u'itbi»t''iliJ»'.'ia!.'i6reribctw«cn !i;;.!' Al|,b *'i' v, ml JonJAVa lUoitsolfclia; lu wjs( '|)Ut^o:oinyi.ifii-^li:cUo68c-,:be'frlyi^ 'Ain|sjj-W8liJj»WiVgnod;..'£lltcrly..\hhtl.'fliJcor-: JuBlyi '|iid li«ttqd tlic iireciouH [.'t'ui.nvcr and 0y(irin:his'haijd»..;ille; was on the point -i| iiirat.ini; forlUtntp .llereo' reprouoins, wh»h '.V'rcsoti.ndiinj /l|nobk .was litt'nrd on the I'ouao 'doorj ?? A mojuont-.likter, tho tn'.l, hccalved lootinan uBh^rcil, into thu drawing-roum the (;rciit . 'fa rtnr/expibicr, Basil T-.m prsi . j :-l/ji\\\ Tcnmiuoiir. 'tlirut tho butru'tl.al i ing lit his. ponkit,- and determined doggedly to ?jjl'y'6 tho liqvr^rjutiier no advantage, but to ;outBJ ay. hiiulaiid reriow- tho broken engage irient. i Itujtybuld not givo up his beautiful 'betrothed* mid ho had1 Biillleient conliJonce itfhiinsi/it.ffi'.bsllovo that he could win her ??b'aok'.'.-'jtiii;'.'1. ?;'.;,' .' ^iMr.'lJinpestcamoiu, grnvuand cuurleous, his!.'''f M' Btern faco woaiing its usual com ?'ijiatej*'.'-lVViprcBai6r»1 andhlu cool, keon eye» JaklfnK/rri' tho discomfort of '1'entamour's ?itupMjtA'Rt a1 glance, Ho was oonneimis, ever1 O'fpro a word had tern spoken, tlmt DadJi-QlanB and Tentnmnur luvl quarrelled, /liuf'lw gave no ?sign In hiB manner ot hia disCp|)ry. iljflii! V Diana greeted him with a amilo that sHfottTeiiianiourasBcoveit inault to hlu Bc,Jtj ^y ! ? ?';!'«;nim delighted to eoo you, Mr. Tempcut,' ?saWITiolatiy, with-charming rourtisy, cir onVwr ) and to the explorer. 'It is plo.is ing I' find that amouj; ao many ulaimantB jiipAif your attention, you havo not forgotten 'mpt'h '. ,'(Ti«pr9t mndo a pleasant renponse, and tliorf .xclmpgcd gruotinuH with Lord Tenui ,raoU) - Tho - two gentleman did not shnk« iilivio'^hut thef exdhanged glances of dia Hkeffcid wcro from that moment enemies. :\:, L|'y Diana won {lie explorer tn Bpeak of himflf and liis advprtureB, which lie ilid wit-yiuodest easy and grnco. L'-rd Tenta xamt listened witfi a psri'cptiblo nneir. ?'?/*JDo you know,' sutl L.vly Diana, nllec tfdily, '? I admire excessively all lliiBtlarinir, .U«n,disci)((aril of luxuries and comforts, this ('fi-otinn to science i but I fear I have not in i;!iijlho.sluff of which explorers are mhdp. Aflcr uno of those long ton-lioiir riiles which jbi' describe, through a drizzling rain, I ahiiild long for a warm fireside, and refuso I!7/b'o comforted with a bed on tho hard iWund.. And, although I nm not very fond fray hind, 1 Btill should prufcr to see now lion an English countcuaucu instead of hnao round Mongolian face?.' I1. 'I never experienced n dfBiie to see an (English fnee,' reniarlicd Tempest. 'In itruth, I was not likely to mict many of Wm in northern Ohina or thereabouts, .Tlin British traveller, bb a rule, clings to tbo ?well-bnateii routi-K, I have besn nway from 'Kn'jland for n acoro of years, muro or less, and In all that time I scarcely me.t with one nf my countrymen. I avoided them on. my ?return to England, hoiug Bomething of k iDls:inthrnt)P, but in my vmy nvuidaueo of them I fell in with one upon a steamer in whloh I Bailed from Gh-nuti.lo Marseilles, and 1 felt drawn to him as it ho bad been my own son. Ho wns a noble youni; fellow, as ?fair as n girl naturally, but his fncu wss .browsed' by Eastorn buub. His oyes wore blue— as bluo ns your own, Lsdy Diana. Ho looked delicate, yet I do not doubt hiB Blonder frnmewas ns Btrongaa stool. Ho had the soul of a lion in his light and BUpplo frarai). Ho wns a marquis, although so young. His uamo'wRsLord Ohetwynd. -Do you know him ?' ?: , 'I knew his mother,' said Lady Diana, ?' Lady Uhutwynd married n swarthy Indian colonel, who was poor, nnd hnd two children by a wifo he married and who died in India, they nny tho flrsfc Mrs. Monk wns a half caBlb, and I think the story may bo true, for Miss Monk it swarty nnd has nn East Indian look. Lady Ohotwynd became Lidy Barbara Monk — ' nil for lovo,' ns the song says. The oolnne) must have fascinnted her, as Bnakcs fasclnato birds. He was not a winning sort of rcnti. This young Lord Ohotwynd made a romantic inurrloRe, and his wife died soon nftorward. ?? The marrlaso wns a mesallitinie, Hti wiik engaged to Misj Monk j and, by tho way, they aro now re-ongagcil, and will Boon be married. They hada lovers' quarrel, and he went anny in his yacht to Norway and thu Hcbridenn group of islands and In a fit of p!q-iR at Miss Monk married a plain littlo Islam! girl, wlio lmd benn adopted by tho island pastor, nud edupated as a lady. There wns not n gontloinan's family on the island exeopt tho minister's. And Lord Ohotwynd brought that chll'l— she was only sixteen or soventecn — to reign as mlstreea of Obetwynd l'ark. It was a second edition of Lord. and Lady Burleigh. The grandeurs of hor new position overwhelmed tliu young island girl, and li'io died Borne two months after her ad veut Ic Enuland. Lady Cbutwynd, with all her flbortcorainyH, was a wonderful young creature; tbo moro to bo admired when one ruflectB that tho island of St. Kihla is a mere roek, inhabited by a rudo and ignorant peasantry. Mr. Tempest's fnca grow suddenly white. _? ' What island did you Bay, Lady Diana?'1 uo'axHor], engeily. ? '^ 11 St. tCitd» ?'; a bit u f rock somo two miles by three, with mountain peaks and a villago on tho littlo bay, Tho islnud la not woll known.' ? 'T'ic ntory interests me atrnngcly/'sald Mr T- mpcat, in a voice that had audddnly i crown liiifky. 'Such rommitic mKrrlngos Ki-orar' ; nnd, besides, Lovd Ohetwynd iamy friend. Hit ban nsliod mo down to Ohetwynd l'urk. Ills nddlhit he should havo married a fisher jjlrl. What was her .narao ?' ' Ui'.r'nlco Owellaii, 0 id; is it not?' Bho iuqiiired, , . ; Mr, Tijmprst ? rerlod hia'faco and did not nnawer. It required nil hiasternnnd powur fill will t» itommand his emotions at tliat moment.- For, rs the reader knows, it was bo who had conveyed thu baby Uornico to the island of St.. Klldn llfteen yCamboforo, nnk (?(?nli'led her to llio care of tho Owcl Inns-. It. was for tin: take nf Uernleo that ho had returned, nlthnugli so tardily, from his 1'iHRli-rii i.-;plorationn. Bernico wns his own :i'id jiitl.r ehilil. nud only tiinco he had liear.l ?of hiudiftlli had ho known how bo loved her. And now be learned that sho )-nd nut d|ed ou tin' Ultiivl —thnt aim loved nnd had been loved— h.-.d bein waned and mnrried-i-had been In Knglnud, and was buried but a brief journey from London, Tho discovery held Mm speechless, but Lord TvutHtuour lilled up tbo sllenco with souio remark and Tempest's agitation was unnoticed. Tempest conquered his emotion as the lion tamer conquors bis beasts in their-cago. Ho commnuded himself with a will that seemed of iron. And although his faco was pale, nud hiB black oye« strangely sombre, yet his tone was carclets as he said, iu hia usual voice : ' The ntory is very entertaining. Its beauty is epoiled by tlio (act of Lord Ohet- j wynd'o expected second martingc. But | perhi. ps tbnUi well. He is young, and Miss tfonlt wa', you Bay. his first love. I will lake a run down to Chetwynd l'ark after a fuw dnj-B, and see my follow-travcller,' con tinueil Tempest. 1 Shall yuu -jo baek 'ol'artnry In a month, Mr. Temp-.'stf' nskedLady Diana. 'If you answer in the nflirnntive, I shall think Lon don has Install its .-ttractions.' 11 1 may stay lunger than I at first in tended,' replitd tho explorer. 'My plans nro notyetsettled. I begin to fear,' nnd ho directed an admiring look toward her lady ship, ''that London— or South Audley street — has too many attractions fur me, and will hold me hero when 1 should bo gone.' Lord Tentamonr looked displeased. ?' Lady Diana and I were speaking of you before you camo in, Mr. Tempest,' Baid hiB lordship, stiffly, ' and in admiring your ex ploits cBino naturally to Bpeak of your family. Are you of tho Durham Tom-, pestsj' 'I nm a connection of that family,' said tho explorer coolly. ???...? Lora Ten tumour, having expected a nega. .tlvo,w«B sllsnced. .°. ? V; ; . ?,.'.[? . ; ? . Tempest prolonged hit call to. the limits of : propriety, arid then rpsp to.takeleavo. Other -cuc9ta:'arrlTinj: at. thu moment, -'nothing re . mained for Lord I'untamqur. but tOvdetjaft wUh bis Hvali itady ^^ Diana Inyitbil the ct-'; pioriir.to^call'ag'aini tinil.TenipCBtt iioltced; that her'* betrothal ring, which ho had bb' oerved on tha previous . night, was absent from her ilngttr. This feet, addod to Tenta uiiinr's kiUucu and suppressed an^er, cori viiiued biio that tho engagement between the noble pair hnd been broken that very dny. Ha laid up the fact forfuturo usu, nnd bado her gdoil mnrciing with an impresscment thu neemed to indicate an extreme admira tion for her. Tliu rivals— for Lord Tentaraour Baw in Tempest, an actual rival — omerged from the house together. At the foot of the steps they halted un tho pavement. Tempest raised his hat in adieu, hut Lord Tontamour detained him. ' How loag ara you likely to be in Eng land, air?' inquired his lordship. ' It in impossible to say, my lord. I in tonded to r-liirn to Chiua within a month. As I fuel now 1 may cover po back.' . ; ' You have come to this decision sincu you entered Lady Diana Noithwick'n houao this afternoon ; is it not so ?' '?lour asluteiPB* does yon credit, my lord. It iB s-j.' Lord Tentamour'B fnce deepened in its BUllcu flush of rngi!. 'Am I tn understand Hint you aro one of Lnly Diana's numerous victims.'' ho sneered, '- Are yuu, like, co many nlhcre, striving to win the rich yoiiui; widow?' 'Tno lists aro open to all,' said Tempest, quietly. '1 conclude that no engagement nf marriage exists between you nnd Lndy I liaiin , silica I saw no betrothal ring In day upon her finger. And if sho is not bound by nny ticu 1 shall seek to win her. I nm frauit with yuu. I ndrulie Lady Diana. I place .myself, as your rival. If I can win her I will marry her. Let her choose between ua, my lord, if sho, prefers you it will ho all right, and I'll go back to Tartnry. If she loves me I shall regard myself as a fortu nate, man, nnd shall marry her beforo the Bummer is over. A clear field is all I ask.' ' You are cool,' said Tontamour, with a scowl. ' Tho lady is my promised wife. I forbid your attentions to her.' ' No on-] cnu forbid them but tho lady herself. If she nBSurts that they arc unwel come, or that uho prefers to marry you, I will retire rb grne.fully as may bo. But tho fact stands, my lord. You nud I are rlvnls, and I shall marry Lady Diana Noithwick if lean,' He buvtcd courteously to the enraged lord and passed ou. . onAPTEnxvii. ':, - ItAOEE AND H'Ell VICTIM. ??.The buBtlc of a great preparation provaded Otictwynd, ; ,1'orlc. '? Tho announcement of Lord Uliitwyiid's betrothal to Sylvia Monk had lieen publicly made, and bad appeared in the Kiitbourno local newspapers, -and in tlio London, fashionable journals; Tho mar riaco wnfllo take place the third week in June, arid It wns now tbo first week in April. ; ) Miss Monk had all insatiate aud ungovern able lovnof luxury. Sho drew liberally upon Lord (Jhdtwynd'a purse. She intccded that hor bridal outfit. should rival that of the Princess; Louise. Despite her indolent nature, sho never tired of trying on new garments, jewels and shawlB,.and her morn ings were all spent lu hor dressing-room among her drcsimakcrB and her fineries. Sho tried to feel secure In her good fortune. Her betrothal had been made public, and what could bappon to again break off their marriage ? Ah I what 7 Bbe know that Dornico Ohetwynd lived, and the fear was never absent from her guilty bouI lest Bernice nhould reveal herself to Ohotwynd, and clnim her uld place, in Iub heart and homo. By day and by night a haunting dread posai Bsed her. This was tolling on her. How was she to enduro it for thrco mouths ? Why did not Bernica como forward ? Why did sbo hide horsolf, no ono know where, like a guilty person 7 Sylvia tormented herself with these questions, but could not answer them. Gilbert. Monk stayed on at the Park, senretly searching for Bornicc, and wns inexpressibly anxious and troubled, If Sylvia nnd Gilbert Monk were fully oc cupied, Lord Chetwynd was not less so. His occupation was of tbo moat practical description. He was buBy with tho inomorinl school which was to perpotuate tho name of Bernice. He interested himself in this project as ho had in tores' ed himself in nothing since hb had loet'hiB young wifo. He thougbtof her con-, tinunlly. His project seemed to bring him nearer to her. One evening, after dinner, Lord Obetwynd walked over to the bailiff's villa, intent upon some now amplification of his favorite idea of the fo'inol, and old Iingcc stalked silent ly afar off in tho shadows, nnd watched, in fear and trembling, to see if Bernico would not appear. Guotwyiid spent the evening in his bailiff's odice, discussing business. It was after ten o'clock when be took his leave and sot out upon bin return homo by a prlvato p»th traversing the park. The moon had risen in mellow glory, and Its soft light lay in broad Btrcama upon tho wjdo avenues. ? In the, narrower paths thu light flickered down in tremulous showers though tho lifts In the trees. Tbo stars were glowing softly in the bluo azure of tho heavens. Such a light ns this Lord Ohet wynd had known in St. Kilda. Hcte, as thoro, . the waves beat in the distnnco on tho locks like pulses, and Ohetwynd could almost fancy that Bernico wns with him. , ' . ' How this night brings her back to mo I' bb thought, in his anguish of desolation. '' Oh, to see her as I saw hor upon that first evening of my return home. from ray wander ings I Oh, Bernice I. Bernico I Whether.it bo nn illusion of my ; senses or a vcrltablo apparition, come. back to, ;me once morn I Only once moro let mo behold the sweet vision of my lost young wife I' Was tho longing intense enough to bring Itl own fulfilment? In ill.', broad r.heen of the m- 'ii-uht, n few yards in advance of him, at n poiut where t, wide, avenue crossed tl-« narrow path which Lord Chetwynd wu- treading, ho saw a slender flguro iu whit,, her fnce turned to him, her arms outstretched to ward him. He hnlted spell-bound, fcihaeecined a vision ton ctbercnl fir human ity. He believed then, as ho had not be lieved before, in spite of his lack of super stition nnd his contempt for the stimeo *f su pernatural, and ho was looking upomi disem bodied bpirit I He believed that ho beheld iernice, but Uernice freed fiom all moital incurabrance, na she had come bauk to him, from her home ij heaven. He did nut reason— hs only felt. She was dressed iu tho white silk rob'! in which he had cnm-lguell her to ihu tomb. It trailed after her on the ground. Her neck wm bare, cho Incc trills of her l'cmpado'ir corsage tiding round it like foam. Her long dusky hair trailed over her BhouldoTS liken cloud, Ho could tveu sec every fealuro of her radiant beauty iu the Bott sheen of the moonlight. Her face had a mournful, yearning look that went to big soul. Ho dared not advanco lest, she choujd fade from hiB sipht. And bo bo Btood cntrauced, scarcely , daring to breath, devouring her with hiB oyes. Tho rcucontio, bo dramatic and sensa tional, had not boen planned by Beruice. Sho was as much surprised (is Ohetwynd, and sho was also spell- bouml.'ii' She had spont all those daya, since her last appearance to him iff rt'loncly garret above the very^ attics iri'tttpjfintiseil|toiver of the great honso of Ohetirjnd'rtrk. lu this secluded and hidden rrtlcnt.oi^hieli Monk ?had ; never ^ eten'-.tbbjigliti ?:IJ#riiico JIVM:l|o'r^stranR^f.di«nta^{Mpuro(n)^xiat.; ?Bri1y,-'i'-- Hlin--(l^»)-^^|i^^«r-iy^.nfin atore'pf '?blankptsi whiJh :8bd f»'P'*iarfSgK!:' to seeurp from.the'roohiB bo'^' I phV-lia\l : ? nlBO.-tooHfclit'wft'j^ changes . of': en rui'q.ii ts,' 'cubujji: - »or i-il 1 ;her ueoda. , Iu her diiijf jr kamt-i ¥ °* -.Vbre', her ciay travidling ro.h'-snnda it!|Uj!f*witi;rpr66f clonk, 'preserving' her wliittilaSli; j.i-vn un B'liled, Sho brought htlhdrj *i«ojjtorc3 of food from the pantry, .laiiller' n'nl Btoro room, nnd l.ai procured He/vuta. ' buttles of wine from tho butler'sl ifianliy ia thu night. : HI Her object in thus reiriain'ingjon nt tho Park she did uot know hcrsol'F. l8!io only felt that jhe could not uo. , Hbe jras bound by nu on tli, which sho wnx loo religious not to hold sacred, not to reveal the fact that she lived to her hiiBbanr, except with Gil bert Monk's consent, Hu hud refused (bat consont; and, indeed, aho would not now havo aaked fur it. She had no wish to re turn frum tho gravu unwelcomed. Sho believed that all mourning forber waa past, that her place, wns filled, and that she wnB forgotten. Shu would not return to clnim a phicu iu which another had been installed. Shn only wished thnt she had died. She had herun the uIosimices nnd dingui'fn of her R.irret until a longing |md come over her to inhale again the fresh air, and to walk In the park. She was weak from wnnt of rxurciso, and on this night had robed herBeif in her whito burial robe, na a matter of precaution ngiiiiisl'detentiou, nnd hnd thrown nbnut her her black cloak, and bnd utolen out into the park .unseen by uny of the InmatPri of tho house. 'Arrived 'in the park, and finding the. nir mild, she had lluug asblo her cloak, and. was carryiug it on her arm. ? It Chetwynd's sensation at beholding her was one of rapt urn; hers wns one of terror. She trembled in her foar ot dis covery. . ? ^ They regarded . each .other 'for -sumo moments in a straugej gileuce. Citut wynd'B breath camo heavy ami- punt-' ingly, Uia eyes wore' wild and start ing. Suddenly, without, n word or cry, ho leaped furwnrd usiid ran toward her headlongi |.j ; :- Bernice retreated bofur'd hiin iu instinc Wvo (light. ? ?'?' ? He pursued. Bhc ciuld almost hear his frenzied breathing. Ilpcnm-! on with a Bwift rush, as if ho meant to seize her whether Bhe were human or spirit. She turned into tho wide avenue and fled like ndecr. She would not bo Inkcn. Turn ing into nu obsuiire path ?/near at hand, shu caught up her dress nh-l: Uung aroundhtr her blacl; cloak. Then aim halted behind a treo,euuecnliiig hciBnlf., ' '..,;?. Ohetwyud went hy ylong the iinth'Hw'Ifily in a blind puifluit. He hud lost Bight of the glorious vision, but. he prayed to see it again— only nnce ajnjii.i :. ?? ? Bernice listened ? 'until ? the round of- his trqad hail died away in tins' distance. She wa'i panting and fiigl.lcncd, wild-eyed and trumblinj.'. SV.« crept forth from her con ccnlment nnd eiitereArtfio park ngain. She did not glnncc buliini! ber, els« h!iu would hnrn ecen tho tall, sba'dow/: figure cf the old East Indian womhu ;atnlkib{j silently ou the dark border of tboCpath. But Itngec saw ber and knew her. ? And suddenly, ns liernice stole nlong the Iouuly path— Ohct- wynd far beyond hearing— the old woman launched herself .forward iij a Bwift panther spring, nnd hurled herself upou Bernice, bearing her to tho^arttt id the violence of her onslaught. ?-.'. .-.* - ' I've (jot you at lastrhavc I ?' hissed tho witch-like old wpman, folding the girl iu hor iron grip. ' And now, if you please, wo'll como to a settlement.' Tho Buddenneas of the old East Indian woman's attack upon her for nn iustnnt paralysed the young ;SInrchioneB.- of Ohet wyud, but she did not faint nur shriek. The moment her brief stupefaction began to clear awny, she turned upon her assailant, fighting like a little tigress. She was in a Ennic of mortal terror, nud she struck out lindly, with all the energy of an utter des peration. Sho speedily discovered that she was but as a child in the iron grasp nf h-sr assailant, lisgoa's muscles tvero of steel. A desperate fury animated the Hindoo woman. She had the advantage, also, not having rclnxed bor first hold on Bernico, nnd tho girl, pant ing nnd breathless, wild-eyed and trembling stood etill at last, and looked over her shoulder at her enemy with a wild and hor rintd gaze. ? ' Who is it JV Bernice whispered, pant lug. ; ' It is I— old Itngee,' hiBsed the Hindoo woman in the girl's ears. Tifae expression in Semite's eyes deepened into amazemeut nnd terror. Bhe made another vain effort to froo herself. Then aho whispered : ' What d-- you want of me 1 What is the meaning of this assault?' 11 Perhaps you think I don't know you,' said tho Hindoo woman, tauntingly- ''It was I who dragged the shawl from your shoulders that 'night in the great house. I knew you,' and her tones grow fierce nnd hateful. ' I know you, my lady. You were supposed to have died ; you lay in stale in your burial robes for six days ; you were buried In the Chotwynd vault. And yot hero you are alive I It is you, and none other I It is you, aud not a ghost I It is you in tho flesh, alive, strong, well. How happens this, that you live who have been mourned ns dead (' Tho fierce, vindictivo voice failed to kindle a spark of anger in Uornice's breast. Her herat throbbfd with a keen pain. Sho was bewildered, dizzy, and still trembling. Bho did not answer, '? Speak I' cried tho Hindoo woman, shak ing her. ., ' Do you deny that you are the Marchioness of Ohetwynd ?' Bcinice's path prevented -her declaring licr identity.. Not iven to old Jfcigco could sho confess herself tho Marchioness of CuefwyntS. 'Speak!' reiterated thoi old woman. ' Sp^ak, or I will drag you up to the great house, nnd into my. lord's picsen.ee.' .. 'No1no,',cried.l3ernlce. 'Iwllluotgo them I What do you want of mo?' 'You acknowledge that 'you nro Lady Ohetwynd ?'— (7'# it Continued.) 