ONE SAILOR. , " I neveb called a 6ailor a worse name ' than 'you leather-head,'" said a venerable sea captain; " never swore at a sailor; never struck one; never caused a man to be actu- i ally flogged; though I once triced a fellow up ready for the lash, who gave in before he was struGk a blow. I never drew a weapon upon a man. Once I was sitting in my cabin of the Lucy Thompson, when the mate dashed in on me, pale as a ghost, forgetting even to pull off his cap, shouting ihat a sailor lowed that there were not men enough on board ship to put him in irons. I stepped old on deck. I had my pistol in hand, but behind my back. The men wore all in a commotion about the forecasts hatch. I was conscious that I had always been kind and just to that crew, though they were the hardest crew I had had in many a voyage. I stood before them, and firmly said to the ringleader: ' Come here, my man.® It seemed an age while he was debating whether to obey. My fingers stiffened on the pistol, for a mutiny at sea is a horror. But the mutineer turned, came aft, and put up his hands for the irons. So, thank God, I can say I never even drew a weapon on any one of my many hundreds of sailors. I don't believe it is necessary. Be a true man; be a friend to the sailor; treat him as if he were a man and not a beast; don't ever let him catch you in a mean act; overn yourself as if you believed the same d was at sea as on land, and you will have no trouble." The speaker was the hero of a hundred packet-ship voyages, across the Atlantic. !tfy younger readers may not know that the paoket ship was the predecessor of the " ocean greyhound * of our day. Between Liverpool and New York the huge and capacious packet, with vast sails spread, to the winds for motive power," fanned over" thousands of ercigmnts, who are now grandsires in America ro this generation. In those days a sailor was a man who knew how to handle a saiL Now he is, for the most part, a marine machinist; Then were voyages- of about thirty days, in which time the little world of the ship's company of often 1,500 aoul6 were shut up and shut out from their fellow-creatures on the globe, a tealm all to themselves. The ship's captain was the autocrat of this little cosmos. His skull was the dome- of the State House. His w*rd was absolute law. His right arm was the chief and only, executive, Sheriff, and army. Those were days when character in the captain had most ample illustration of its power for good or evil. I know of no other such station for the exhibition of the power of character, except the mother's place in the lonely family group of the frontinar. The venerable skipper of the Lucy Thompson spoke volumes of wisdom when he used the words I have quoted above. I was recently standing at the gangway of a well-known steamer, idly watching her unloading. The mate in command of the men was of the very roughest type. He was exceedingly ignoble, tie was a gigantic fellow. Be had no authority over the sailors, or deok-hands, as they are technically called, except the physical terror he inspired. He cursed God and the men. He roared and thundered. He seemed quite ready for a knock-down at any moment. I asked about him, and was told of the shocking brutality that he had often exhibited, which had several times caused his arrest. When I inquired whj a reputable company kept such a man in their employ, I was told " that there was no other force except brute force, which bould ge*^ the work out of a gamg of the kind tna nowadays follow the water." If the sea or the rivers and likes were the only places where this error prevails my paper might,perhaps,betterhavebeensentto the Seaman's Friend, that dear old paper, which may Heaven bless. The idea is quite common, however, in the minds of a certain type of overseers set to watch workingmen, that force of control is in a savage manner and harsh tone; in a face that never smiles on the toilers, nor notices a blister with compassion. How many'seem to think it really necessary to curse the bended back of the workman! All this is slander on human nature. I appeal to the thousands of miners' wives and daughters who may y read these lines, if the rough- featured husoand and father has not a tender spot in his heart by which your love le^dshim, and whieh the brutal overseer can never reach. I appeal to gangs of iante who, about the lumberman^ campjre these winter nights, may read what 1 now write, if there is not an occasional man who. is among them by his kindness more than by any appointment of the corporation which jut him in Charge of them. Here and thare you have met him, and worked under hito. He never called a snail even a fooL Mt was too true to be brutal, too noble to be disobeyed, too just to be suspected, too brave to ask you to face a danger from which he himself shrunk. A man who could tell a occasionally without the loss when the laugh came in; whom you seen in tears at some poor fellow's cottage, when accident had made the children orihans. This man's voice was pitched low, mt it was mightier than the roar of the blasphemer. No man can govern others, who does not govern himself. There is many a kingly man who does not need to strike a blow with the hand, because the blow he strikes is in the eye's glance. A good man's surprise, contempt or indignation shines in his eyes. Of all men, there are none who are so amenable to the sway of character im an officer as the men of tne sea. The sailor is always a poet. He is quick to feel, where landsmen slowly reason. He is a dreamer. He is much alone, and busy with voices in the soul. He has hearing by memory or by hope. He is, like the philosopher, - a great grown child. No man detects good or evil Si character quicker than the sailor. Is it not so—you that read this in the forecastle, far upon the ocean.? " I was determined to kill him," said" a sailor to me. " I had been brought on board at Liverpool when intoxicated, did not know what I was doing, when signed shipping papers. My rage, was almost insanity when the first officer struck me. Were you ever struck? You read about it, but it is a queer, crazy sensation when, you are actually blushing under the blow. The insult is the unbearable part of it. I was then sent to the wheel-house to make fast a loosened window-sash, for I bad had some experience as a glazier. On my way over, I managed to secure my revolver in the darkness. I lay in wait for the first officer, but, Strang to say, the captain came in his place. Leaning upon the brass railing of the stairs, he caught sight of me crouching in the dark. Very kindly and calmly he said: ' My bey, come this way.' I could not help obeying. Said he: ' Why should you go to destruction? You make me think ot my own boy, I had one; he was about your size when God took him and left me alone. Now, let me be your friend, and you behave yourself on this ship." That man could have asked me to jump overboard for him, smd I would have done it!" That sailor is HOW one of the most trusted chief employees in a great shipyard in his native Scotland, and the kind word saved him to himself and humanity. 