NEW ZEALAND NOTES. Br Tahiwha. WELLINGTON, Dfid 2L As Christmas approaches the colony shows Symptoms of what I may describe as Exhibi tion-mania. The .first oontingent of "Aus tralian legislators has already passed through Danedin and arrived at Wellington on its way north, Wellington, I am. sorry to say, was unmannerly enough to receive them with onelof Its usual northerly gales, but our visitors will soon pass through to the region of volcanoes, geysers, and Maoris, to enjoy that moat luxurious of all luxuries—a swim in a hot bath that never grows cooler. -Although the ghost of the extinct terraces Still haunts the hot lake district I should oonnael all tourisfe to New Zealand to devote their attention to the fax more beautiful lakes of the Sonth Island, and to our king of mountain^ Aorangi, commonly known as Meant Cook, Visitors moat not hope to discrown the said king by mounting to h|s summit—at least not without a week's hard work, considerable danger, and the expense 6f procuring guides front Switzerland, Once only has the aaoent of Mount Cook been accomplished, while the fall area have been many. But a tramp up two of the great glaciers la within Che scope of all, and those ambitions of danger have only to press on farther then their neighbours towards the great head icefields, and they will find enough end to spare. Those who prefer to take lite easily have only to walk some ten minutes from the hotel to find themselves at the face of a huge cliff of ice worn into pinnacles and fretted into caves. There they can see the river boiling op from below, the vaults falling in, and the boulders tumbling down aa the ice sullenly yields to the Imperious sun, while the hanging glaciers on the mountains thou Bands of feet above tbem pay tribnte it in the shape of a succession of thundering ava lanches. There are few places, if any, where glacial action, which plays so important a part in the shaping of this earth, can be bo easily and so instructively observed. Nature is working at express speed, so fast indeed that one can see her task growing under her hands. Even the least scientific can hardly fail to be interested nnleas diverted by the glorious mountain scenery all round. Sir William Jervois, our late Governor, was fond of predicting that New Zealand would be come the playground of Australasia, as Switzerland is of Europe; and now that the Australasian Governors are setting the example the prediction bids fair to verify itself. Meanwhile it is somewhat of a satire that poor Sir Harry Atkinson shonld have been compelled to seek a playground in Tasmania. As he has already been " interviewed " on the subject of federation since his arrival in that island, he cannot be said to have began his holiday auspiciously, but we hope for his sake that he wiil short!? hide himself in some remote and inacces sible district, where neither telegrams nor reporters can reach him. Whether in consequence of his temporary brief retire ment, or from whatever reason, a rumour is abroad that we may shortly expect the return of Sir Julius Vogel to New Zealand. What | truth there may be in it I cannot say. It is easy to understand that Sir Jnlins should hasten to forsake literature, if under the head of literature may be classed that ill written Inmp ot balderdash known as "A.D. 2000," which he has adorned with his portrait and his name. It is hard to believe that he contemplates reentry into New Zealand politics. Had he stayed in the colony, instead of running away to England, he might have succeeded in ousting Sir Harry Atkin son, bat now that the restoration of oar credit is bound up with Sir Harry's name he is too late. Accordingly some will have it that hiB business is of a financial nature. That, with the revival of prosperity, enterprise and speculation will revive also is hardly to be donbted, and each a prospect would be quite sufficient to tempt Sir JuLiua to return to the scene of his triumphs and his mischiefs. Even without him, it is only too likely that attempts will be made to begin once again a career of extravagance. 