|hc special fpommiddion THE "TIMES" COMMISSION. The Judges' Report. The report of the Special Commission was issued from the Vote Office of the House of Commons amid much excite ment. The office was besieged by a regular mob of members and Pressmen, and when the door was opened the place was almost stormed. The Tory members, after rushing out into the lobby with the report, and reading the conclusions, looked utterly dis mayed, while the Liberals and Irieh indulged in much laughter. The report makes 120 pages, and its price is Is. 3d. The first few pages of the report recite the history of the pro ceedings which led up to the appoint ment of the Special Commission, and then are set out in parallel lines the nameB of the 65 members charged. THE CONCLUSIONS. The following are the conclusions We have pursued our enquiry over a sufficiently extended period to enable us to report upon the several charges and allegations which bare been made against the respondents, and we have indicated in the course of this statement our findings upon these charges and allegations ; but it will be convenient to repeat seriatim the conclusions we have arrived at upon the issues which have been raised for our consideration. 1\. We find that the respondent mem bers of Parliament collectively were not members of a conspiracy having for its object to establish the absolute independence of Ireland, but we find that some of them, together with Mr. Davitt, established and joined in the Land League organisation with the intention by its means to bring about the absolute independence of Ireland as a separate nation. The names of those respondents are set out at page 32 of this report. 2\. We find that the respondents did enter into a conspiracy by a system of coercion and intimidation to promote an agrarian agitation against the pay ment of agricultural rents for the purpose of impoverishing and expelling from the country the Irish landlords, who were styled the " English garri son." 3\. We find that the charge that " when on certain occasions they thought it politic to denounce, and did denounce, certain crimes in public, they afterwards led their supporters to believe such denunciation was not sincere," is not established. We entirely acquit Mr. Parnell and the other respondents of the charge of insincerity in their denunciation of the Phoenix Park murders, and find that the " facsimile" letter on which this charge was chiefly based as against Mr. Parnell is a forgery. 4\. We find that the respondents did disseminate the Irish World, and other newspapers, tending to incite to sedition and the commission of other crime. 5\. We find that the respondents did not directly incite persons to the com mission of crime other than intimidation, but that they did incite to intimidation, and that the consequence of that incite ment was that crime and outrage were committed by persons incited. We find that it has not been proved that the respondents made payments for the purpose of inciting persons to commit crime. 6\. We find as to the allegation that the respondents did nothing to prevent crime, and expressed no bona fide dis approval, that some of the respondents, and in particular Mr. Davitt, did express bona fide disapproval of crime and outrage—that the respondents did not denounce the system of intimidation which led to crime and outrage, but persisted in it with the knowledge of its effect 7\. We find that the respondents did defend persons charged with agrarian crime, and supported their families, but that it has not been proved that they subscribed to testimonials for, or were intimately associated with, notorious criminals, or that they made payments to procure the escape of criminals from justice. 8\. We find as to the allegation that the respondents made payments to compensate persons who had been injured in the commission of crime, that they did make such payments. 9\. As to the allegation that the respondents invited the assistance and co- operation of, and accepted subscrip tions of money from, known advocates of crime and the use of dynamite, we find that the respondents did invite the assistance and co-operation of, and accepted subscriptions of money from Patrick Ford, a known advocate of crime and the use of dynamite; but that it has not been proved that the respondents, or any of them, knew that the Glan- na-Gael controlled the League, or was collecting money for the Parlia mentary Fund. It has been proved that the respondents invited and obtained the assistance and co-operation of (hp physical force party in America, including the Clan-na-Gael, and in order to obtain that abstained from repudiating or condemning the action of that party. There remain three specific charges against Mr. Parnell, namely— (a). " That at the time of the Kil mainbam negotiations Mr. Parnell knew that Sheridan and Boyton bad been organising outrage, and therefore wished to use them to put down outrage." We find that this charge has not been proved. (b). " That Mr. Parnell was intimate with the leading Invincibles; that he probably learned from them what they were about when he was released on parole in April, 1883, and that he recognised the Phoenix Park murders as their handiwork." We find that there is no foundation for this charge. We have already stated that the Invincibles were not a branch of the Land League. (C). " That Mr. Parnell, on January 23, 1883, by an opportune remittance enabled F. Byrne to eBcape from justice to France." We find that Mr. Parnell did not make any remittance to enable F. Byrne to escape from justice. The two special charges against Mr. Davitt—viz, that he was a member of the Fenian organisation and convicted as such, and that he assisted in the formation of the Land League with money which had been contributed for the purpose of outrage and crime ; that be was in close and intimate association with the party of violence in America, and was mainly instrumental in bring ing about the alliance between that party and the Parnellite and Home Rule party in America—are based on passages in the Times' leading articles of March 7 and 14, 1887—"The new movement was appropriately started by Fenians out of Fenian funds ; its father is Michael Davitt, a convicted Fenian tbat " Mr. Parnell's constitutional organisation was planned by Fenian brains, founded on a Fenian loan, and reared by Fenian hands." We have shown in the course of the report that Mr. Davitt was a member of the Fenian organisation, and con victed as such, and that he received money from a fund which had been contributed for the purpose of outrage and crime—viz, the Skirmishing Fund. It was not, however, for the formation of the Land League itself, but for the promotion of the agitation which led up to it. We have also shown that Mr. Davitt returned the money out of his own resources. With regard to the further allegation that he was in close and intimate association with the party of violence in America, and mainly instrumental in bringing about the alliance between that party and the Farnellite and Home Rule party in America, we find that he was in such close and intimate associa tion for the purpose of bringing about, and that he was mainly instrumental in bringing about, the alliance re ferred to. All which we humbly report to your Majesty. James Hannen. John C. Day. Archibald L. Smith. Henry Hardinge Cunxnghame, Secretary. SUMMARY OF THE MATTER. We may now summarise in tabular form the above verdict. Nothing can show more clearly that what the Com missioners find to be true is not new or serious ; and that, on the other hand, all. the new and grave charges hare ] been found untrue OHABG-X. TKKDIOT. 1\. Irish M.P.'s, &c.;, o£ eight once members of trea- > onlv sonable conspiracy ) 2\. Irish M.P.'s " conspired " 1 against payment of > True, rents ) 3\. Irish M.P.'b not sincere") in denouncing Phmnix £ Untrue. Park murders ...J 4\. They disseminated the") rn_„. Irish World ... ) Arue' 5\. They incited to murder Untrue. 6\. They did not disapprove 1 Untrue of Crime ... ... J 7\. They associated intimately with, and paid, notori- -Untrue, ous criminals .... 8\. They assisted persons who) suffered in commission)- True, of crime ) 9\. They accepted money1) from advocates of r Half and half, crime J 10\. Mr. Parnell knew Sheri-) dan and Boyton to be > Not proved, outrage-mongers ... J 11\. He was intimate with In-) *r . . „ vincibles < Not true. 12\. He gave Byrne money to ) Nofc fc escape from justice ) 13\. Mr. Davitt was a Fenian True. 14\. Mr. Davitt formed Land ) League out of " crim- £ Not true, inal" money ...) 15\. He brought about alliance between Home Rule (m and Physical Force I rue* parties ... ...J THE DISAPPOINTED. The following are the names of the Irish members against whom the Times brought charges which the judges hold they have failed to establish :— James Gilhooly. John Hooper. James E. O'Doherty. Michael M'Cartan. Sir Thomas Esmonde. John Stack. Denis Kilbride. Patrick A. Chance. Dr. J. F. Fox. Michael Conway. Luke P. Hayden. William Abraham. John Finucane. Francis A. O'Keeffe. Joseph Nolan. Thomas P. Gill. Patrick O'Brien. P. J. O'Brien. Mathew J. Kenny. Patrick J. Power. James Tuite. Mr. Glynn on Women.—A few □ighta ago (says uJ.O.B." in the Sydney Mail) a lecture was given on " Women" by Mr. Glynn, a South Australian M.L.A., to a number of young people belonging to one of the many religious associations of Sydney. In the whole Cosmos no creature has bad such light thrown on her by observant men, yet to-day we find her a bigger mystery than ever. Women have borne ub, reared us, been our sisters, sweethearts, wives, widows, and daughters, since the time of the ichthyosaurus and pterodactyl, and now a man comes all the way from Adelaide to tell us about them. They've lived with us in the same city, the same street, the same house, the same chamber ; for cycles we've paid their bills, sworn allegiance to them, sworn off again, been jealous of them, jilted by them, called them by their > names as the bride of another—and now a man comes up out of the South to talk to us about women. One of these days, when women obtain the suttrage and head the Opposition in Parliament, aome female M.L.A. will start through the country lecturing on man. Then—provided she is plain epoken, and, if possible, divorced—we shall get some home truths that will quite alter Mr. Glynn's views of lovely women. Catholic Leper Hospitals.—In the non-Catbolic press there seems to be an impression that Molokai is the only place where Catholic priests and nuns devote their lives to the care of lepers. As a matter of fact, besides those in the Pacific, there are leper hospitals founded and conducted by Catholic missionaries and religious in Trinidad, Madagasca, Japan, China, and India. Forgery Commission.—The partisan judges, the packed juries, and perjured sheriff et hoc gerus omne of Pigottists are afraid of the ghost of their own raising. The Pall Mall Gazette says:— "We know what they would like to do with it. Ministers woiild like to bury this Parnell report full fathom five, where lie already the remains of Mr. Piggott and the reputation of the Times" 