Ciiatteb IX. Tho day following, Paul was downstairs beforo eithor Ida or Misa Ludington. Ho was sitting on the piazza, whioh was con nected with tho sitting-room by low -windows oponing liko doors, whon ho heard a «orcam mid Ellen, tbo housemaid, whohadbcou busy in tho siltiiiL'-room, rnn out upon thopinzzn with a fauo liko a sheet. 'What's tho matter?' ho demanded. 'Suro I saw a ghost I ' gasped Ellen. 'I was on a chair dusting the picture, ns I al ways does mornings, an' I lookod up, an' there in tho door stood tho very same girl that's in tho picture, kind ot smiling like. And so I givo a yull an' run.' As she ppoko Ida stepped out upon tbo inzzu, and precipitately eheltering_hi-rsclf behind Paul, Ellen whispered, 'Sure thoro ahe i» now!' On seeing that, instead of sharing h«r ter ror, ho cordially greeted tho ghost, tho girl's faco showed 6U'!h comical bewilderment that Ida smiled and Paul langhod outright. ' ?This is no ghost, Ellen. This lady is Miss Ida Luditigton, a relative of Miss Ludington's whovAino to live hero hist night.* ' I linpo ye'll not mind mo takin' ye for a ghost, rriiss/saidlJllun, confusedly ; but sure ye arolivin' image of tho picturo, and me not knowin' anybody was in the house more than tho family ;' and sho disappeared to toll her story in tho kitchen. Lla's appearanco was noticeably calmer than tho night before. There was, uicleo.i, no indication of excitement in her manner. Paul iiiiiuired liow eho had slept. ' I tbouU lUijilt yoiv might huvo had strange (dreams,' he said. ' I did not d.-eara at all. I slept soundly,' eho re-plied. 'But this morning whon I woko up and recognized tho familiar: features of the room I havo always slept in — tho samo books, tho same pictures, tho furnituro just ns over — I had to nit down a longtime to oolleot my thoughts and remember what had happonod. I could lomombor it well enough, but to realize it was very hard. And then, whon I wont to tho window and looked out and saw tho meoting-houso and tho sohool house and tho neighbours' houses, just where I have seem them from that window all my lifo Binoe I was a baby, I had to Bit down and think it all over again boforo I could boliovo that I was not in Hilton, and last ninht all a dream. Sho cipoko in a low, even tono, whioh was so evidently tho result of an effort at solf control, that it impressed Panl more than any display of mental perturbation would havo dono. At this moment Miss Ludington appeared on tho piazza with a white, exoited faco, which, however, as soon as she saw Ida, bc cuinQ all smiles. Sho had scaroely slept at all. Tho thought had kept her awake that Ida might vanish as mystoriously aa sho had oomo. Sho hnd, howover, at last fallen into a doze. On awaking sho had gono to call Ida, nnd finding her chamber empty, had hurried downstairs full of approhension. Immediately after breakfast, Miss Luding ton, to whom Ellen's mistake, if mistako it could bo called, had booa related, took Ida upstnira, nnd made her oxohange her white dross of tho fashion of half a century before for ono of her own, in order that hor nppoar anoo might excite loss romark among tho ser vants ponding tho obtaining of a suitable wardrobe from tho oity. Thero was anothor consideration whioh made tho chango of costume not only desir able, but necessary. Ida's dross, whioh had not scorned the night boforo, to oasual examination, to differ from other cloth, had begun to crumble away in a very ourious mannor. Tho texturo goomod strangely brittlo and strongthless, It foil apart at a touoh, and was reduced to a fine powder under tho pressuro of tho fingors. Sho could not posBibly havo worn it oven ono day. Tho dross of Mi:s Ludington'n for whioh Bho exohanged it, hnd been mndo for that lady whon considerably Btouter than at pro sent, but was with diilloulty onlargod nufll oienlly for tho full figuro of tho girl. Liko all but tho latest of Miss Ludington's dresses, ?it wns of deepest black, und, strikingly beau tiful us Ida had boon in white, tho funoronl huo sot oil' tho delicaoyof her[oomplexion, tho fmro oxprossion of hor fuoe, and tho golden uutro or her hair, liko irosh revelations. ,. TO DB OONTlirUBD. 