AFTER WINTER. Not yet the infant Spring Hath changed her russet gown for robes of . - green, But lieth slumbering, Hid in the covert of a wood nn6een : Folded in shadows deep, Ethereal visionB flit across her face in sleep. = Like memories of the dead. Winter revives and fades, mid clays of blue, And thrusts his snowy head Upon the landscape, whitening all the view ; With shrilly voice and thin, High singing o'er the downs the chilly breezes spin. Here, by the sharp blast switched, The ruddy drifts about the road are swayed, Dancing like sprites bewitched Inwhirling somersaults of light and shade ; The hollow ferrate ring, Shuddering with, leafless music as the lank houghs swing. Upon the cottage wall The Jasmine lingers in a listless dream ; O'erhead the sparrows call, And twitter out the day in dolorous theme ; Whistling a sober tune, The ploughman drives his team the long dank afternoon. . Far o'er the marshy fen The vaprous ghosts worn travellers waylay ; In dale and dike and glen ' The brittle leaves of autumn waste away ; The snowdrop, bowed with grief, Broods like an angel o'er its chastened leaf. Not sorrow, nor yet scorn, Nature wears on her face, but calm distress ; Like to a child new-born The year's dim senses grope for .consciousness ; Through all the stilly wood Stirreth the soul of being, bursting blade and bud. Soon shall the violet T.'-o.-un Beneath the hedge, and scent each sheltered nook; The primrose gild the gloom Where pale anemones peep o'er the brook, And laughing waves shall swell Of golden daffodils in every mossy dell. Hasten, 6weet birds of song, Wing o'er the waves, and fill the woods with voices; Spring tarrieth, slumbering long, She waketh not,- but in her dream rejoices ; \- Quicken thou magic sod, Burst to a sea of flowers, and greet the priests of God! — The Comhill Magazine. About a fortnight ago (writes the Farmer and Stockbreeder of 1 2th May) , a farmer near Market Kasen, Lincolnshire, was much bleBsed during the sun's course of twenty-four hours. At early dawn his mare foaled, his cow calved, his sow had a litter of 'pigs, a brood of fthinkftns off, and his wife presented him with twins ! All -are doing well. Who wouldn't be a farmer ? 