THLE COLONELS FUNERAL. All Ocean Tragedy,. Brl W. CLARK RUSSELL. CHAPTER XXI~.--continued. TaiE DUEL. I SeAb neter before been concerned in a duieol and in thle matter of the strict eti dtetlt of this sort of encounter was en tirely at a loss how to act. However, I had always understood that twelve paces were the prescribed distance, so ruling a line atlwartships almost abreast of the main mast, I made twelve steps and then scored another line crosswise, measuring the in terval a second time, and finding that it was very fairly twelve of nmy own paces. The men had come together in a crowd forward, and were staring aft with all their might. They knew perfectly well what was going to take place, and they were not yet sensible that they were not to be admitted to o the spectacle. It was to be something of a far more wildly exciting sort than catching a shark, aye, or even may be of seeing a man huntg at a ship's yardlerm. It put a sort of sickness into ime somehow to witness that swarm of whiskered mahogany-cheeked faces, all looking thirstily, expectation shaping every posture, with a kind of swimmini of the whole body of them too in the haze of heat into which the yacht's jibboom went twisting in a manner to make the brain dizzy to watch it. One never gets to see how thoroughly animal human nature is at bottom until one has ex amined the expression of the countenances of a mob, big or little, assembled in expec tation of witnessing human suffering. I stepped below. Colonel Hope-Ken nedy sat bareheaded at the cabin table, supporting his head on his right elbow and drummsing softly with the lingers of his left hantid. I approached him, and giving him a bow, which be returned with an air of great dignity-men are amazingly polite when arranging the terms of some cut-throat job-1 -said, "It is my painful duty, sir, to inform you that my cousin desires the meeting between you and him should take place at once." "Not a moment need be lost so far as I anl concerned," lie answered, gazing at me steadfastly with eyes that looked like porcelain with the singular glaze that seemed to have come suddenly upon them. "pIy cousin requests me to state," I continued, " that you will consider himt as acting without a second equally with yourself. My unhappy office will consist simply in giving the signal to fire. I would to God that my influence had been powerful enough with him to arrest his resolution at this point-" "It could not have prevailed with me," ho exclaimed. "The madman's blow was needless. On what part of the yacht do we fight?" "On the quarterdeck," I answered. "Measured by you?" I bowed. "As there are no seconds," be said, "1 presumne we load for ourselves?" "That is Sir Wilfrid Monson's sugges tion," I answered. "Have you-tie pistols, sir?" "I will fetch them." I went at once to Wilfrid's berth and tocked and walked in without waiting for hlim to tell me to enter. He was criting in his diary; he instantly threw down his pen and jumped from I is chair. "Is all ready, Charles?" lie asked. "Your pistols are identical, I believe?" said I. "Exactly alike," he answered. "Then ColinelHope-Kennedy's chloice," said I, "cannot furnish him with any ad Vantage overyou, by his choosing, I mean, with a soldier's experience the preciser Wleapon?"' "There is not an atom of difference between them," hexclaiied. "Yonder's the case, Charles. Take it, and let the scoundrel choose for limself." He could not have spoken more coolly had le been giving me the most commnon place instructions. I remember wondering whilst I looked at him and listened to lim whether lie actually realised his own in tention; yet I should have known better than this if only for the meaning his face conveyed, and for a note in his voice that made every accent hard and steady. He said: "When you are ready ring tie hand hell ot the table; I will then join you." "idt you will charge your own pistol," tail d, "lt I llust return with thie weapon tlter tile Colonel has tmade his choice." "No," le exclinmed; "carry thIe case Oit deck aitd load for mUe." . S'Very well," said I, wearily and sick et leart, iand devoutly wisihing that some heavy black squall would come thundering down on bts yacht as the precursor of a gale of wind and delay this wretched tu iness, for tie present, an-yway, I took the istol-case tand retuned it to Colonel lluQ.-neisedy He slightly glanced at he lirmou.,"s anid said with a faint smile: "hley reo rn eleginut brace of weapons. lither will do for me." "Will you load on deck or here. sir?" s-aid I. l'ere, if you please." ie extracted one ,f the ,istotls, poised it in his hand, toying a moment or two with it, tried the trigger once or twice, then loaded it, fitting the cap to the nipple with fingers in which I could not discern the least tremor. He then re turned the pistol to the case. Both of us would know which one lie had handled very well, as it lay against the side upon which the lid locked. " Have you a surgeon on board ?" he enquired. I answered "No." He looked a little anxious, and exclaimed, " No one of any kind qualified to deal with a wound?" Again I answered, " No." He seemed to wince at this, the only expression of un easiness I had witnessed in him. Finding lie asked no more questions, I said, " If you are ready, sir, I will summon my cousin." " I il ready," lihe replied. On this I rang the little hand-bell that stood upon the table, and in a minute Wilfrid came out. In grim silence we mounted the companion steps, my cousin leading the way, the Colonel next, and I at his heels, with the pistol-case under my arm and a very lively sense of murder in iny heart. All was hushed were the ladies were. Whether Miss Laura guessed what was going forward I know not, but I was very thankful that she relmained hidden, since, in the face of the Colonel's coolness, it was most important that nothing should imperil Wilfrid's com posure. The yacht's decks were deserted save by the figures of the men who it had been arranged were to remain. Forward at the hatchl conducting to the forecastle stood the tall, burly figure of Cutbill; close beside the cabin skylight was Finn, pale, agitated, his mouth working in the middle of his face as though lie were rehearsing a long speech ; Crimp grasped the wheel. Heaven knows how it was that I should have found eyesight for smialloutside features of such a scene as this at that moment, but I clearly recol lect observing that sour old Jacob, with a view, mayhap, of supporting his spirits, had thrust an immense quid into his cheek, the angle whereof stood out like a boil or a formidable bruise against the clear gleams of sky past him up and down which the curtseying of the yacht slided iis squab, homely figure, and I also observed that he gnawed upon this junk with an energy that suggested a mind in an advanced stage of distraction. I said to the Colonel, " It will be satis factory to myself, sir, if you will kindly measure the distance I have chalked." His eye swiftly ran from line to line, and then giving me a sligh? now he said, nonchalantly, "I am quite satisfied." " With regard to the light," I con tinued, looking from him to Wilfrid, "You will decide for yourselves gentle men, which end of theo vessel you will face." "It is immaterial," said the Colonel, with a slight shrug. " Then," said Wilfrid, "I will have my back to the wheel." I could not be sure that he was well ad vised, for the blue dazzle of sunshine past the awning would throw out his figure into clear relief, as I noticed Crimp's was pro jected, clean lined as a shadow cast by the moonlight on a white deck. "It may be as well to toss for position," Isaid. " No," cried Wilfrid, "I am content." I loaded his pistol and handed the weapons to the men. My heart thumped like a coward's in emy breast, but I strove hard to conceal my agitation for Wilfrid's sake. Each took up his respective post, and both held their pistols at level. The Colonel exclaimed, "Tell your mad rela tive to feather-edge himself. He is all front. 'Tis too irrational to take advan tage of." Wilfrid heard him and cried out, " Let him look to hlimself. Ready with signal, C'harles." I pulled out my pocket-handkerchief, and as I did so old Crimp suddenly let go the wheel and cause skimming up to Finn, rumbling out, in a voice half choked with tobacco juice, that the gent's pistol (mean ing the Colonel's) was upon him full, and that lie wasn't going to be made cold beef of for any man. " Ready, gentlemen I " I cried, and de sirous of emphasising the signal, lest the Colonel's keener sight should witness the fall of the handkerchief before the flutter of it caught Wilfrid's eye, I called out " Now! " and the handkerchief fell to the deck. There was one report only ; it was like tihe sharp crack of a whip. For the instant I did not know which man's pistol had ex ploded, but the little curl of smoke at Wilfrid's end told me that it was his. I saw the Colonel fling his arms up, and his weapon flashed as ieo sceemed to fire it straight into the air. " Good God ! how generous!" was the thought that swept through me ; "he will not fight." lHe continued holding his pistol elevated whilst you could have counted ten, with a slight backward leaning posture and an indescribable look in his face, absolutely as though lie were endeavouring to follow the flight of the bullet; his weapon then fell to the deck, lhe made a clutch witlh both hands at his heart, with a deep groan sank-hIsis keces yielding, and, with his hands still at his heart, dropped, as a wooden figure might, on his side and lay without motion. Finn and I rushed up to him. Whilst the skipper freed his neck I grasped his wrist, but found it pulseless. Yet it was difficult to credit that lie was dead. His face was as reposeful as that of a sleeper. There was no look whatever of pain in it -nay, such faint distinguishable expres sion as I remember had the air of a light smile. I opened his coat, and found a small perforation in the shirt under the right arm; the orifice was as cl.anly clipped as though made with a pair of scissors. There was no blood. "Dead, sir!" exclaimed Finn. "A. noble-looking gentleman, too. A pity, a pity! How gents of this kind stand upon their honour yet they're the people to break up homes." "Call Cutbill," said I, "and let the body be taken below." I rose from my knees and walked aft to Wilfrid, who remained standing at the chalked line, his arm that grasped the pistol hanging by his side. - There was a kind of lifting look in his face, that with his swelled nostrils and large protruding eyes and a curve of the upper lip, that was made a sarcastic sneer of by the peculiar projection of the under one, indi cated a mood of scornful triumph, of exultation subdued by contempt. "You have killed your man, Wilfrid," said I. "I have shot him through the heart," aid lie, talking like one newly aroused from his slumber and still in process of collecting his mind. "Most probably. You hit him in some vital part, anyway. He dropped dead." "He made sure of killing nme; I saw it in his cold, deliberate way of covering me." He laughed harshly and mirthlessly. "He'll trouble no other man's peace. I've merely liberated the spirit of a devil that is now winging its way on black, bat-like wings back to- that hell it came from. There will be disappointment amongst the fiends. That fellow there," nodding at the body over which Cutbill and Finn were bending, "was good at least for another twerity years of scoundrelism. What are they going to do with him?" "Cany him below." "Finn?" he called. "Sir!" answered the skipper, looking up from the body, whose arms he grasped. "Hide it in some forward cabin, and if stone- dead, as Mr. Monson declares, get it stitched up. I'll tell you when to bury him." "Ay, ay, sir," answered Finn promptly, but looking shocked nevertheless. My cousin handed me his pistol. As he did so his manner changed; a broken hearted lookn-I do not know how else to describe the expression-entered his face. He drew a long, deep breath, like to the sigh of a sufferer from some exquisite throe, and said in a low voice, trembling with the tears which pressed close behind: "His death does not return to me what he has taken from me. With him go my honour, my peace of mind, the love that was my wife's-all gone-all gone!" he muttered. "1MIy God!" lie almost shrieked, "how blank lhas the world become, now that lie lies there." "Be advised by me, Wilfrid," said I; "withdraw to your cabin and rest. This has been a terrible morning-onough to last out a lifetime has been crowded into it. You met him bravely, fairly, honour ably. He has paid the penalty of. his infamy, and though Heaven knows 1 would have gone to any lengths to avert this meeting, yet, since it has halppened, I thank God your lifo is preserved and that you have come out of it unharmed. His eyes moistened and lie took my hand; but just then Cutbill and Finn came staggering towards the companion hatch, bearing the body between them, on which he walked hastily to the rail and stood peering over into the water, sup porting his temples in his hands. - Jacob Crimp had resumed his hold of the wheel. I went up to him. "I'll keep tihe helm steady," said I, "whilst you wipe out those chalk marks on the deck. Meanwhile pick up that pistol yonder and bring me the case off the sky light." Whilst he did this we were hailed from the barque. She lay close to us, with her sailors in a crowd about the fore-rigging, where they had been standing attentive spectators of the duel. "Beg pardon!" bawled Captain Crimp, erect on the rail and steadying himself by a backstay, "but I should be glaed to know if the gent's coming aboard?" I shouted back, "No. You need not wait for him." The man tossed his arm with a gesture very significant of a growling "Well, well !" and then with a flourish of his hat lie cried: "A lucky run home to 'ee, gentlemen all!" dismounted, and fell to singing out orders. His wild-looking crew ran -about, the maintopsail-yard slowly swang round, and presently the deeply-hladen, malodorous craft, rolling clumsily upon a swell to whose light suemmer heavings our yacht was curtseying with fairy grace, was heading round to her course, blurring the water at her bows to the blowinsg of the mild breeze that had scarcely power enough to lift her fore sail. Finn and Cutbill arrived on deck, and Wilfrid on seeing them went below. "Better turn the hands up, I suppose, now, sir?" said Finn to me, "there'II be nothen more, your honour, that'll be unfit for them to see." "By all means, Captain Finn; and then get the boat hoisted and a course shaped for home, for our quest -iS over and we have made southing enough, Heaven knows I " Cutbill went forward. There is a magic in the mere sound of homeward bound that would put a jocund nimbleness into the proportions of a marine Falstaff. Cut bill tried to walk and look as though he were sensible that death lay under his feet end that the shadow of a dreadful event hung dark upon the yacht, but scarce was he abreast of the galley when his spirits proved too much for him, and he measured the rest of the deck in several gleesome, floundering jumps, pounding the scuttle with a capstan bar that he snatched up, and roaring out, "All hands trim sail for home ! " The men came tumbling up as though the yacht's forecastle were vomit ing sailors, and in a breath the lustrous decks of the Bride were full of life, colour, and movement. A man came to the wheel. I lingered a minute or two to exchange a few words with Finn. "You are sure the colonel is dead " "Ay, sir; he'll be no deader a thousand years hence." "A bloody morning's work, Finn ! I feel heart-sick, as though I had shared in the assassination of a man. But since it was bound to end in one or the other's death, 'tis best as it is. Have you any particulars of the foundering of the Shark/?" "The yarn her people-I mean the surwivors aboard the barque-spun our men whilst they lay alongside was that they met with a gale of wind, that, after blowing with hurricane fury for two days and two nights, ended in dismasting 'enm. The fall of the mainmast ripped the plank out of the deck as clean as though ship wrights had been at work there. Then the pounding of the wreckage alongside started a butt, and she took in water faster than they could pump it out. There were boats enough for all hands and to spare, and they had just time to get away when the Shark foundered. 'Twas blow ing hard then and a high sea running, and before it came on dark the boats had lost sight of one another. The colonel and her ladyship were together, along with five sailors, one of whom fell overboard on the second day and was drownded. They was three days and four nights washing about afore the 'Liza Bobbins fell in with them. That's all I got to hear, sir, but I suppose it's the true yarn right enough." "I dare say they encountered much such weather as we met with," said I; "the same straight-lined storm thunder ing up from the south, for all one knows. Well now, Finn, drive us home as fast as ever you can. Bowl her along-we've all had enough of it. In what berth have you placed the body ?" "In the one that was occupied by his honour's walet, sir." I gave him a nod, and with the pistol case under my arm, descended the steps and went to my cabin. CHAPTER XXV. Tile COLONEL'S FUNERAL. ON entering my berth I throw myself into my bunk and sat in it in such a de spondent condition of mind as I had never before been sensible of. This, to be sure, signified no more than reaction following the wild excitement I had been under all the morning. But, let the cause be what it might, whilst the fit was on me I felt abjectly miserable and a com plete wretch. It then occurred to me that hunger might have something to do with my mood, seeing that no food had crossed my lips since dinner time on the pre ceding day. It was about two o'clock in the after noon. I entered the cabin and found a cold lunch upon the table, not a dish of which had been touched, proving that there were others besides myself who were fasting. I was without appetite, but I sat down resolutely, and calling to the steward-who seemed thankful to have an order to attend to-to bring me a bottle of Burgundy, I fell to, and presently found myself tolerably hearty; the fountain of my spirits unsealed afresh, and beginning leisurely to bubble into the channel that had run dry. There is no better specific in the world for a fit of the blues than a bottle of Burgundy. No other wine has its art of tender blandishments. It does not swiftly exhilarate, but courts the brain into a pleasing serensity by a process of coaxing at once elegant and convincing. Whilst I sat fondling smy glass, leaning back in my chair with my eyes fixed upon the delicate, graceful paintings on the cabin ceiling, and my mind revolving, but no longer blackly and weepingly, the grim incidents which had crowded the morning, I heard my name pronounced close at my ear, and, whipping round, found Miss Laura at my elbow. "I have been most anxious to see you," she exclaimed. "What is -the news ?" "Have not you heard i" I inquired. " I have heard nothing but two pistol shots. I have seen nobody of whom I could ask a question." " Wilfrid has shot Colonel Hope Kennedy through the heart," said I, "as lie declared he would, and the body lies yonder ;" and I pointed to the recess tlhat Muftin had formerly occupied. " Colonel Hope-Kennedy killed l" she exclaimed in a low, breathless, terrified voice; and she sank into a chair beside me, and leant her face on her hand speechless, and her eyes fixed upon the table. "Better that he should have been shot than Wilfrid," said I. "But he is dead; of him then let us speak nothing since we cannot speak good. I have just suc ceeded in fighting myself out of a hideous mood of melancholy with the help of yonder bottle. Now you must let me prescribe foit you. You have eaten nothing since dinner yesterday. I there fore advise a glass of champagne and a slice of the breast of cold fowl;' and that she might not say no, I put on an air of bustle, called to the steward to immo diately open a pint bottle of champagne, helped her to a little piece of the fowl, and, finding her still reluctant, gently in sinuated a knife and fork into her hands. "We are homeward bound," said I: "see ! the sun eas slipped 'totler side of the yacht. Our bowsprit points directly for dear old Southampton Water. So," said I, filling a glass of champagne and handing it to her, " you must absolutely drink to our prosperous voyage, not only to the ship that goes, but to the wind that blows, whilst," said I, lelping my self to another small dose of Burgundy, "1'll drink the lass that loves a sailor." She1. could not forbear a slight smile, drank and then ate a little, and presenltly I saw how much good it did her by the manner in which she plucked up her heart. I asked her where Lady Monson was. "In my cabin," she answered; "she will not speak to me; she asks my maid for what she requires; she will not even look at me." "It is all too fresh yet," said I. "A little patience, Miss Jennings. The woman in her will break through anon: there will be tears, kisses, contrition. Who knows?" She shook her head. Just then I caught sight of the maid, and beckoned to her, exclaiming to Miss Laura, "Your sister must not be allowed to starve. I fear she will have known what hunger is aboard Captain Crimp's odious old barque, where the choicest table delicacy probably was rancid salt pork. Here," said I to the maid, "get me a tray. Steward, open another bottle of champagne. You will smile at the cook-like view I take of human misery, Miss Jennings," said I; " but let me tell you that a good deal of the complexion the mind wears is shed upon it by the body." I filled the tray the maid brought, and bade her carry it to her ladyship, and to let her suppose it was prepared by the steward. I then thought of Wilfrid, and told Miss Laura that I would visit him. "But you will stop here till I return," said I. "I want you to cheer me up.'' I went to mycousin's cabin and knocked very softly. The berth occupied by Lady Monson was immediately opposite, and the mere notion of her being so near made me move with a certain stealth, though I could not have explained why I did so. There was no response, so, after knocking a second time very lightly and obtaining no reply, I entered. Wilfrid lay in his bunk. The porthole was wide open, and a pleasant draught of air breezed into the cabin. He lay in his shirt, the collar of which was wide open, and a pair of silk drawers, flat on his back, his arms crossed upon his breast, like the figure of a knight on a tomb, and his eyes closed. I was startled at first sight of him, but quickly perceived that his breast rose and fell regularly, and that, in short, lie was in a sound sleep. Quite restful his slumber was not, for whilst I stood regarding him he made one or two wry faces, frowned, smiled, muttered, but without any ner vous starts or discomposure of his placid posture. I was seized with a fit of wonder, and looked about me for some signs of an opiate or for any hint of liquor that should account for this swift and easy repose, but there was nothing of the sort to be _'en. He had fallen asleep as a tired child might, or as one who, having accomplished some great object through stress of bitter toil and distracting vigil, lightly pillows his head with a thanksgiving that Ihe has seen the end. I returned to Miss Jennings marvelling much, and she was equally as tonished. " Conceive, Mr. Monson,': she ex claimed, "that the whole may have passed out of his memory ! " "I wish I could believe it," said I. " No, he has just lain down as a boy might who is tired out and dropped asleep. A man is to be envied for being wrong headed sometimes. If I had shot the Colonel- but we agreed not to speak of him. Miss Jennings you are better al ready. When you arrived just now you were white, your eyes were full of worry and care, you looked as if you would never smile again. Now the old sparkle is in your gaze, and now you smile once more, and your complexion has gathered afresh that golden delicacy which I must take the liberty of vowing as a friend I admire as a most surprising perfection in you." "Oh, Mr. Monson," she exclaimed softly, with one of those little pouts I was now used to and glad to observe in her again, whilst something of colour came into her cheeks, " this is no time for com pliments." Nevertheless she did not seem ill pleased spite of her looking downwards with a gravity, that was above demureness. At that moment Cutbill and Crimp came down the companion ladder, pulling off their caps as they entered. The big sailor had a roll of what resembled sail-cloth under his ann. They passed forward and disappeared in the cabin that had been occupied by Muffin. Miss Laura noticed them, but made no remark. It was im possible that she should suspect their mis sion. But the sight of them darkened the brighter mood that had come to me out of the companionship of the girl, and I fell grave on a sudden. "Will you share your cabin with your sister?" I asked. "No; she cannot hear my presence. My maid will prepare for me the berth adjoining my old one. She must be humoured. Who can express the agonies her pride is costing her ?" "I fear Wilfrid sleeps rather too close to her ladyship," said I. "There's a cabin next mine. I should like to see him in it. Figure his taking it into his head in an ungovernable fit of temper to walk in upon his wife-" "If such an impulse as that visited him," she answered, " it would be all the same even if he should sleep amongst the crow forward. Do not anticipate trouble, Mr. Monson. The realities are fearful enough." I smiled at her beseeching look. "Lucky for your sister," said I, "that you are on board. She arrives without a stitch saving what she stands up in, and here she finds your wardrobe, the two score conveniences of the aIndy's toilet table and a maid on top of it all with pins and needles and scissors, bodkins and tape bless me I what a paradise after tlhe 'Liza Robbiis." And then I told hler how the Shark was lost, giving liher the yan as I had it from Finn. "Anyway," said I, "Lady MIonson is rescued. Your desire is fulfilled." "But I did not wish her-I did not want Colonel IIope-Kennedy killed," she exclaimed with a shudder. "Yet you could have slot him," said I; "do you rememberour chat that night off the Isle of Wight ?" "Yes, perfectly well," she answered. "But now that he is dead-oh, it is too terrible to think of," she added with a sob in her voice. "It must alwvays be so with generous natures," I exclaimed. "What is abhor rent to them in life, death converts into a pathetic appeal. Best perhaps to leave old Time to revenge one's wrongs. And now that her ladyship is on board, what is Wilfrid going to do with her ?" "She is never likely to leave herwabin," she replied. "When the Brilde arrives home then 1" "I cannot bell." " Had Wilfrid's misfortune been mine this is the consideration that would have stared me ill the face from the very start and hindered me from taking any step that did not conduct me straight to the Divorce Court." Here her maid arrived and whlispered to liher, on which, giving me a pretty little said smile, she rose and went to lier cabin. I mounted to the deck and found the wide ocean shivering and flashing under a plea sant breeze of wind whose lhot buzizn?g as it hoummed like the vast isecCt life of i tropic island through the rigging and into the canvas was cooled to the ear by the pleasant noise of running waters on either hand. My first look was for the 'Liza Robbins, and I was not a little surprised to find her far away down upon our lee quar- 1 ter, a mere dash of light of a moonlike hue. Finn was pacing the quarterdeck solemnly with a Sunday air upon him. On seeing me he approached with a ship shape salute and exclaimed : " I suppose there is no doubt, sir, his F honour designs that we should be now steering for home ?1" "For what other part of the world, captain ?" "Well, sir, at sea one wants instruc- I tions. Maybe Sir Wilfrid knows that we're going home ?" "He lies sleeping as soundly and peacefully, Finn, as a little boy in his i cabin and knows nothing." "Lor' bless me!" cried Finn. "But you may take me as representing him," said I, "and I'll be accountable for all misdirections. About the funeral now. I observed Cutbill and Crimp pass through the cabin. They've gone .to I stitch the body up." "Yes, sir. His honour told me to get it done at once. 'Sides 'tain't a part of the ocean in which ye can keep the like of them things long." " When do you mean to bury him ?" " Well, I thought to-night, sir, in the first watch. Better make a quiet job of a it, I allow, for fear of- " and screwing I up his face into a peculiar look, lie pointed significantly to the deck with clear reference to Lady Monson. "You are right, Finn. We have had 'scenes' enough, as scrimmages are called by women." " Will your honour read the orfico ?" "D'ye mean the burial service? It will be hard to see print by lantern light." "I've got it, sir, in a book with the letters as big as nay forefinger." I considered a little and then said, " On reflection, no. You are captain of this ship, and it is for you, therefore, to read the service. I will be present, of course." He looked a trifle dismayed, but said nothing more about it, and, after walking the deck with him for about half an hour, during which our talk was all about the SShark and the incidents of the morn ing, what the crew thought of the duel and the like, I went below to my berth and lay down feeling tired, hot and again depressed. I was awakened out of a light sleep by the ringing of the first dinner bell. Having made ready for dinner I entered the cabin as the second bell sounded, and found the table pre pared but no one present. I was stand ing at the foot of the companion ladder trying to cool myself with the wind that breezed down of a fiery hue with the steadfast crimsoning of the western sue when Wilfrid came from his cabin. He was dressed as if for a ball-swallow-tail coat, patent leather boots, plenty of white shirt sparkling with diamond studs and so forth. Indeed it was easily seen that he had attired himself with a most fastidious hand as though on a sudden there had broken out in him a craze of dandyism. I was much astonished and stared at himhn. There had never been any ceremony amongst us; in point of meals we had made a sort of picnic of this marine ramble and dined regardless of attire. Indeed, in this direction Wilfrid had always shown a singular negligence, often in cold weather sitting down in old pilot coat or taking his place during the hot days in white linen coat and small clothes or an airy camlet jacket. " Why, Wilf," said I, running my eye over him, "you mustgive me ten minutes to keep you in countenance." "No, no," lie cried, "you are very well. This is a festal day with me, a time to be dignified with as much ceremony as the modern tailor will permit. Heavens! how on great occasions one misses the magnificence of one'sforefathers. Ishould like to dine to-day in the costume of a Raleigh, a doubletbestudded with precious gems, a short cloak of cloth of gold. Ha, ha ! a plague on the French Itevolution. 'Tis all broadcloth now--where's Laura?" He asked the question with a sudden breaking away from the substance of his speech that startlingly accentuated the wild look his eyes had and the expression of countenance that was a sort of baffling smile in its way. " I do not know," I answered. " Oh, she must dine with us," he cried, "I want company. I should like to crowd this table. Steward, call Miss Jennings' maid." The man stole aft and tapped on the cabin next to the room occupied by Lady Monson. Miss Jennings opened the door and looked out. Wilfrid saw her and instantly ran to her with his finger upon his lip. He took her by the hand and whispered. She was clearly as much amazed as I had been to behold him attired as though for a rout. There was a little whispered talk between them; she apparently did not wish to join us; then on a sudden consented and he led her to the table, holding her hand with an air of old-world ceremony that must have provoked a smile but for the concern and anxiety his looks caused me. We took our places, and he fell to acting the part of host, pressing us to eat, calling for champagne, talking as if to entertain us. He laughed often, but softly, in a low pitched key, and one saw that there wasa perpetual reference in his mind to the existence of his wife close at hIand, but ihe never once imentioned her nor referred to the dead man whose proximity put an indescribable quality of ghastliness into hIis hectic manner, the crazy air of con viviality that flushed, as with a glow of fever, his speech, and carriage, and behaviour of high breeding. Not a syllable concerning the events of the miorning, the object of our excursion, its achievement, tihe clhange of the yacht's course, escaped him. He drank freely but without any other result than throwing a little colour upon his high cheek-bones and rendering yet more puzzling the conflicting expressions which filled with wildness his large, protruding, near-sighted gaze at one or the other of us. I saw too clearly how it was with the poor fellow to feel shocked. Miss Laura's tact served her well in the replies she made to him, in the interest with which she seemed to listen to his conversation, in her well-feigned ignorance of there being anything unusual in hIis apparel or manner. But it failed her in her efforts to conceal her deep-seated apprehension that stole like a shadow into her face when she lookeddownwards in some interval of silence that enabled her to think, or when her eyes met mine. After dinner my cousin fetched his pipe and asked me to join hlim on deck. I took advantage of his absence to say swiftly to Miss Laura: "We must not forget that Lady Monson is on board. Upon mnay word, I believe you are right in your suggestion this afternoon that Wilfrid has forgotten all about it, or surely he would have nmade some reference to her dinilsg." "1'll take care that she is looked after, Mr. Monson," she answered. "I pur posely abstained from mentioning her name at dinner. I am certain, by the expression in his . co, chat he would have been irritated by ,e lightest allusion to her, and unnatural as his mood is after such a morning as we have passed through" here she glanced in the direction of the cabin where the Colonel's body lay-"I would rather see him as he is than sullen, scowling, silent, eating up his heart." He returned with his pipe at that moment, and we were about to proceed on deck when he stopped and said to his sister-in-law: "Come along, Laura, my love." "I have a slight headache, Wilfrid, and I have to see that my cabin is prepared." I thought this answer would start him into questioning her, but he looked as if he did not gather the meaning of it. "Pool, pooh," he cried, "there are two stewards and a maid to see to your cabin for you. If they'don't suffice we'll have Muffin aft; that arthritic son of a green grocer, whose genius as a valet willlscarcely be the worse for the tar that stains his hands. Muffin for one night only!" He delivered one of his short roars of laughter and slapped his leg. By Jupiterl thought I, Lady Monson will hear that and take it as an expression of his delight at her presence on board! Does she know, I wondered, that her colonel lies dead? But I had found no opportunity of inquiring. "Come along, Laura," continued Wil frid; "I'll roll you up as pretty a cigarette as was ever smoked by a South American belle." She shook her head, forcing a smile. "Perhaps Miss Jehnings will join us later," said I, distrustful of his temper, and passing my hand through his arm, I got him on deck. "Laura is a sweet little woman," said lie, pausing just outside the hatch to hammer at a tinder-box. "Ay, sweet, pretty, and good," said I. "You're in love with her, I think, Charles." "My dear Wilf, lot us talk of this beautiful night," I exclaimed. "Why of a beautiful night in preference to a beautiful woman?" cried he. But I was determined to end this, so I called to a figure standing to leeward of the main boom: "Is that you, Finn ?" "No, it's me," ans'wered Crimp's surly note; "the capt'n's a-laying down, but lie's guy orders to be aroused at four bells." "Why ?" inquired Wilfrid. Crimp probably supposed the question put to me, for which I was thankful. "He may mistrust the weather, perhaps," I answered softly, that old Jacob might not hear. "Yet the sky has a wonderfully settled look, too. Let's go right aft, shall we, Wilfl? The downdraught here is emptying my pipe." We strolled togath~r to the grating. abaft the wheel and seated ourielves. I cannot tell how much it affected me to find him so easily thlrown off the line of his thoughts. It had been dark some time, for in those parallels night treads on the skirts of the glory which the de parting sun trails down the western slope of the sea. There would be no moon sooner than ten o'clock or thereabouts, and it was now a little after eight-for my cousin's strange humour had made a much longer sitting than usual of the dinner. There was a refreshing sound of rushing wind in the star-laden dusk, a noise as of the sweeping of countless pinions, with a smooth hissing penetrating from the cutwater that made one think of the shearing of a skater over ice. The cabin lamps glowing into the skylight shed a yellow, satin-like sheen upon the foot of the mainsail, the cloths of which soared the paler for that lustre till the head of the gaff topsail looked like the brow of some height of vapour dissolving against the stars. We sat on a line with the side of the deck on which he had shot Colonel Hope-Kennedy. The gloom worked the memory of the incident in me into a phan tasm, and I remember a little shiver creeping over me to the vision of that tall, noble figure with face upturned to heaven a moment or two as though lie watched the flight of his spirit, then falling dead with the countenance of a man in easy slumber. But Wilfrid had not a word to say about it. I could not reconcile his extraordinary silence withl his attire and manner, which at all events indicated the recollection of the duel as strong in him. He chattered volubly and intelligently, without any of his customary breakings away from his train of thought ; but not of his wife, nor of the Colonel, nor of his in fant, nor of this ocean chase that was now ended so far as the fugitives were con cerned. He talked of his estate ; how he intended to build a wing to his house that should contain a banqueting room, how he proposed to convert some acres of his land into a market garden, and so on, and so on. His face showed pale in the starlight; his evening costume gave him an unusual look to my eye ; though he talked care lessly on twenty nmatters of small interest, I could yet detect an undue energy in the tone of his voice, compratively subdued as it was, and in his vehement manner of smoking, puffing out great clouds rapidly and filling the bowl afresh with hasty fingers. It would have vastly eased my mind had he made some reference to the morning. You felt as if the memory of it must be working in him like some deadly swift pulse, and I confess I could hlaveo shrunk from hilm at momenta when I thought of the character of the source whence hle drew the strength that enabled him to mask himself with what might well have passed for a more company face. When three bells, half-past nine, were struck, I made a move as though to go below. " Going to tm-n in ?" he asked. "It has been a long, tiring day," said I evasively. "A grand day," hIe exclaimed; "the one stirring, memorable day of our voyage. Come, I will follow you, and we will pledge it in a bumper before parting." We entered the cabin ; it was deserted. Wilfrid asked where MIiss Laura was, and the steward replied tlhat hle believed she had gone to bed. "She should be with us, Charles," cried my cousin, with a light of excitement in his eyes, his face flushed, though above it had lookled marble in the starlight, acd a half smile of malicious triumph riding his lips. "No, no,"said I. "The poor child is tried. What is our drink to be, Wilf I want to see you turned in my dear boy." "Pooh, poohl; hang turning in ! I feel myself of forty-spirit power to-night, just in the humour, if I were a mnember, to go down to the House and terrify the old ladies in it who call themselves Sir Johns and Sir Thomases, and who wear swallow-tailed coats and broad-brincned hats, with a passionate attack on the British Constitution." He called for branmdy and seltzer. How ever, we had not been sitting twenty minutes when his nmood changed; his dinner-party Efcee darkened. lie folded lila arnte aid lay beek ius lil chair, look ing downwards with a gathering scowl upon his brow. I rose. "Good-night, Wilfrid," said I. He viewed me with an absent expres sion, said " Good-night," and at once went, but in a mechanical way, governed by habit without giving his mind to the action, to his berth, at the door of which I saw him stand a moment whilst he gazed hard at the cabin abreast him ; then rubbing his brow with the gesture of one who seeks to clear his brain, he dis appeared. Four bells were struck forward. I quietly stepped on deck, and whilst I stood looking into the binnacle Finn came up to me. "Shall we tarn to now, sir," said he, ,, and get this here melancholy job over 4" "Yes," said I, "the sooner the better. Sir Wilfrid has gone to his cabin. Tell your people to be quick and secret." He trudged forward, and presently re turned with Cutbill and another seaman. The thrde of them went below, leaving Crimp to get the gangway rigged and lighted. A couple of globular lamps, such as might be used for riding lights, were suspended against the bulwarks, and between them a seaman rested a grating of the length of a stretcher. The moon was rising at this moment oil our starboard beam, an arch of blood defining the "indigo- black line of the horizon there that on either band of her went melting out into a blenling of star laden sky, with the dark and gleamigii ocean brimming to the yacht, vast as the heavens themselves looked. Presently up through the hatch rose the figures of Captain Finn and the two men, swaying under the weight of the canvas-shrouded form they born. The watch on deck came aft and gathered about the gang way, whore they glimnucred like visionary creatules to-the dull, yellow shining of the lamps. , Face after face seemed to tome taristing and wriggling out of the du%--visions of hairy salts, rendered lifelike and actual by the dull illumin ation that glanced upon their shadowy lineaments. The wind filled the rigging with melancholy noises, there was a yearning sob in the sound of the water as it washed aft, broken and hissing ser pent-like from the bow. The canvas rose dark, but it was now gathering to its loftier cloths a faint, delicate, pinkish tinge from the red moonbeam, though in a few minutes, when the planet had lifted:' her. ill-shapen face clear of the black line of brine, all would be 'of a snow-white softness above us, and a sparkling line of bulwark-rail and glitter ing constellations in the skylight glass "and' a- wake of floating and- heaving silver rolling fan- shaped to us. - A.. couple .of seamen caught hold of the :grating and raised it level with 'the bul wasrks, one end supported by the rail. The body was placed upon it, and ghostly it looked in that spectral commingling of starlight and lamplight and moonlight not yet brightening out of its redness- ghastly in the nakedness of its canvas cover, though, to be sure, there was no need at . thathsour to conceal it under a flag. Finn pulled a thin volume from his pocket and opened it close against one of the lanterns, peering into it hard and coughing hoarsely as thouigh 10oth to begin. At last he mustered up' courage and made a start. He pronounced many of the words oddly, and tliere was. a deep sea-note in his delivery. I watched his long face twitch ing.and_ working._ to his recital as lie brought his eyes in a squint to the page with the lantern light touching his skin into ahue'of sulphur that made one think of it as the likeness of' a human counten ance:wrought in yellow silk upon black 'satin. But the mystery of death was with us; it seemed to breathe-hot, as the night was-in an ice-cold air off the dark surface off the sea, and a man's sense of humour must have been of the feather ';weight quality of an idiot's to flutter in the presence of the pallid, motionless bundle upon the grating, whose- chill, secret, subduing inspirations were un speakably heightened by theeyes of the sailors round about gleamning out of tihe weak glimmer of their countenances vaguely shaped by the rays of the: oil flames upon the obscurity, by the silver gaze of the countless equinoctial heaven surveying us over the yardarms and through the squares of the ratlines' and amid the exquisite tracery of the gear, and by the steadfast watching of stars lov' down in tihe measureless dark distances of the west and north and south, as though they were the eyes of giant spirits stand ing on tiptoe behinsd tihe horizon to observe us, and by the slow soaring of the moon that was now icing. her crimson visage with crystal and: difusing a soft cloud of white light over the eastern sky with an edging already of'brilliant glory under her upon a short length of the dark sea-line there that made the water in that direction look as though its boundary-vwre beating in ivory foam against the wall of sky.. r ' I wasstanding aitl my nback to thecom panion hatch; my eyes were rooted upon l the Tmite frni whichri in fe-winoments :; now would be tilted and sent flashing with a heavy cannon-ball at its feet into the black. depths on which we.were floating, The man, in life, had acted a scouidrel's part, and had richly merited the end he had met.; but he lay dead ; his grave was this miglhty wailderness of waters ; not a hole in the earth to walicih those who 'mourned him could repair and say; point i ng downnvards, '" 'Wat remains of hini is here;" but a tomb rih"lling the heavens oin immensity, a material eternity that o6iild als-orb lhim: and-his memory as . tliboueh his:sform,nsaiiing theta to-be launched, was but a drop of thile dew that glittereil in tlhe .moonshine upon the gra ting tlhat sufperted hin.? .s ':.,, That bmhudle was a text to fill me awith melancholy.musings, .and I.waas thinking of tie man as I hiad:beheld:him in tihe mornine, worn indeed by shipwreck and t.stio-n, but stately, erect soldierly; his eks i.rnmisoning to the blow that Wilfrid -iad..eIeit- hiai; :life and passion strong in linns'" iien I its startled out of my tfhoughts by Finn ceasing to read. Iglanced at him and observed that he was peering over thie top of his book, goggling ,-some object with eyes that protruded from their sockets. I looked to see whlat hnd called off his attention, and remarked a :tall feinale fiure attired in a light dress, lb with hlier e concealed y a long dark veil, standing ckse beside the head of the grating perfectly motionless. eave for such movements as came to liher by the swaying of tlie yacht. She had appeared amongst us with the stealthiness of a ghost, and she looked like cise in that conflicting light, wnith the fanst gleam of iher eyes showing through the veil, and tie stitched up formn on thie grating to give a darker and more thrilling aecentuation to her . presence than lsoe could lave got from an empty grave or a rutlured coffin. The ailors backed away fromi her, llouldering one another into the gloom with much atiping of their leather lips upoln tlhe backs of their hands. I was startled on behold ing her, but quickly rallied to a sense of deep disgust that possessed me on con trasting this illustration of emotion with her language and treatment of Wilfrid that morning. "Proceed," I exclaimed to Finn. "Read on, man, and shorten the service, too, if you can." He croaked out afresh, but tihe poor fellow was exceedingly nervous. lhe ceremony, so far as it had gone, Ihad been chill, do!efuI, depressing -nough before; but a lcharacter slnist of Isoers to my 'sind now came into it witli lhe tall, stately, motionlless appirition tbsit stood -scarce rsn iy lie Isamsldiglit and tlie moonlightt front thi e salsdoswiness that clfotlcd her with unrealityl--at thie head of thalt ashen-tincturedl length lying prone "ssid resembling a h!annocek upon thei :grating. It\ was the n:oGls r ]ia ldyship's presence put into thie occasion that malde 'the ceremouiny all on a sudden so hideously "gaunt, so wild, so iilhUlasno , Strikilng iCC Jike to the heast. For tl.is sho had quitted her child, as soh lsclieved, for cver ; for this she had abandoned her husband, had pricked the bubble of her honour, extin guished the inspiration of her woman hood's purest;. truest, deepest, holiest feelings I What but an affrighting vision could that dead man wrapped in his sea shroud convert her ladyship's dreamn of passion and pleasure into! Something, one should think, to blind the very eyes of her soul. 'But, Lord, how I hated hcic then for the base dishonour she did her self by this subtle, sneaking attendance at the funeral of her shame with the ghost of it to slip with her to her cabin again, and to act, maybe, as a sentinel to her for the rest of lier natural life, stalking close at her heels, so steadfast there as to make her presently dread to look behind her I Finn's croaking delivery ceased. " Overboard with it," he rumbled, for his gesture to tilt the grating had been unobserved by the two men who held it, or else not understood. Tie sailors raised theirarms; the glim mering bundle sped like a small cloud of smoke from the side to the accompani ment of the noise of a long, creaming wash of water simmering aft from the bow, through which I caught the note of a half stifled shriek from Lady Monson. She flung her hands to her face and reeled as if she would fall. I sprang to her assist ance, but on freeing her eyes and seeing who I was, slhe waved me from her with a motion of which the passionate haughti ness, disdain, and dislike were too strong for Ine to miss, confusing as the lights were. She then walked slowly aft. I believed she was going below again, and said to Finn, "Shut the book. Make an end now. The man is buried, and thanml God for it." Lady Monson, however, walked to the extreme end of the vessel, kneeled upon the little grating abaft the whecel, and overhung the t:uflrail, apparently gazing into the obscurity astern where the colonel's body was sinlking and where the white wake of the yacht was glittering like a dusty summer highway running ivory-like through a dark land on a nmoon lit night. I watched her with anxiety, but without daring to approach her. The sailors unhitched the lanterns and took them forward along with the grating. I said to Finn : "I hope she does not mean to throw herself overboard." tIis liead sragged in the moonlight. " Sir," he answered, " the, likes of her nature ain't quick to kill themselves. If slse' were the wife of the gent that's gone, I'd;seo to iit .But shc'll not hurt her Nevertheless, I kept my eye upon her. lThe.ai ning was off the deck ; the planks ran white s the foam alongside under the moon. that. was now brilliant, and all objects showed sharp upon that ground, whilst tlhe flitting of tih ebony shadows ito the heave of the deck was like a ;crawling of.. spectral life. I spied the fellow at the glistening wheel turn his hlead repeatedly towards the woman abaft him, as though troubled by that wrapped veiled, kneeling presence. Finn's rough, off-hnmd indifference could not reassure me. The fear of death, all horror in duced by the cold, moonlit, desolate, weltering waters upon which her eyes .were fixed might languish in the heat of some sudden craze, of remorse, of grief, of despair. There were shapes of eddy ing froth striking out upon the dark liquid movement at which she was gazing -dim, scarce definables configurations of the sea-glow which to her sight might take the form of the man whose remains had just sped from the yacht's side ; and God knows what sudden beckoning, what swift, endearing, caressing gesture to her to follow him she might witness in the apparition, real, sweet alluring as in life to the gaze of her tragic eyes, which in imagination-I could see glowing against the moon. It was with a deep sigh of eiol;f tllat, after I had stood watchling lier at least ten minutes in the shadow of the gangway, I observed her dismount from the grating and walk to the com panion, down which slhe seemed to. melt away as ghostly in her conming as in her going. . Twenty minutes later I followed her, found .e.;cabin. empty, and went straight to bed' : .. (To be contilserd.) 