PRETTY JANE." TMs befell in the old days, and, as my friend . Private Mulvaney was specially careful to make clear, the Unregenerate. There had been a royal dog fight in the nullah at the back ot the nne butts between , Learoyd's Jock and Ortheris's Blue Rot — both mongrel liampur hounds, chiefiy gibs and teeth. It lasted for twenty happy, 'howling minutes, and then Blue Rot collapsed and , Orthiiis paid Learoyd three rupees, and we v were all very thirsty. A dog fight is a most heating entertainment, quite apart from the shouting, because llampurs fight over a. couple of acres of ground. . Later,. when thp. sound of belt badges clinking against' the necks of beer bottles had died away, conversation drifted from, dog to. man fights of all kinds. Humans resemble red deer in some respects. Any talk of fighting seems to wake up a sort of imp iu their breasts, and tliey bell one to the other, , exactly like challenging bucks. This. is notice able even in men who consider themselves superior to privates of tiie line : it shows the refining" influence" of civilisation - and- the - mareh- of progress. Tale provoked tale, and each tale more beer. Even dreamy Learoyd'seyes began to brighten, ' andThe unburdened himself of a'iong history in'- which a trip to Malham Cove, a girl at Pately Brigg, a. ganger, himself and a pair of clogs were mixed in drawling tangle. " An' so Ah coot's yead oppen from t' chin t' 1 hair, an' he was abed'for t' matter o' a month," concluded Learoyd pensively. Mulvaney came out 'of a reverie — he was ly ing down— aiid flourished his heels in the air. "You're a man,-. Leturoyd," said he critically, " but you've only: fougnt wid men, an' that's ' an ivry-day expayrience phut I've, stud up to a ghost, an' that. was not ivry-day expayrience." "No," said .Ortheris, throwing a cork at him. " You git up an' address the 'ouse — you an' yer expayrience. Is it a bigger one nor . usual?" '''Twas the livin' trut' !" answered Mul vaney, stretching out a huge arm and catching Ortheris by the collar. " Now, where axe ye, me,son ? Will ye take the wurrud av the Lorrd out av my mouth another time ?' ' He shook him to emphasise the question. "No, somethin' else, though,'' said Ortheris, making a. dash. at Mulvaney's- pipe, capturing it and holding it at arm's length. " I'll chuck, it acrost the nullah if you don't let me go !" . "You maraudin' l'.athen ! 'Tis the enlycutty E iver loved. Handle her tinder or I'll chuck you acrost the iiullal). If that poipe bruk— .Ah! Give her back . t.b me, sorr?" t Ortheris had passed the .treasure to my hand.. It was an absolutely perfect clay, as shiny" us the black ball at pool. I took it reverently, but T Was" firm. " " Will you tell us about the ghost-fight if I Q5? T 1 UU. A-SUIU. 7 v "Is'ut the shtory that's trouhhn' - you ? Av. ;oorse I will. I mint to albnloiig) I was only ;ittin' ut my own way, as Popp- Doggie said whin they found him.thrym' to ram a cartridge ' down the muzzle. Ortli'ris, fall away !" ; He released the little Londoner, took, his pipe, filled it,,apd his eyes_ twinkled. He has. the" most eloquent eyes of any one" that I know. " Did 1 iver tell you," he began, " that I was . wanStthfe" devil avirman?" ' ' - .- - " Yoir did,"_, said Learoyd, . with a tchildisli gravity "that made Ortheris yeTl with laughter, for Mulvaney was always impressing upon us his merits" in the old days! ' ' ' : ; "Did I iver tell you," Mulvaney. continued calmly, " that I was wanst more av. a divil than i I am now?". ...... ." " Mer=rial You. .don't, mean .it?". said .Or- theris. "Whin I was Corp'rill wn s ' re j u ced after wards, hut, as I say, whin I was Corp'ril, I was a devil 6f li. mate" ' He was silent for nearly a minute. "Eyah ! They was great times. I'm ould now vmy-hides wore off in patches ; sinthry-go ' . has disconceited me, and I'm a. married man tu. But I've had my day, I've had my day. and nothiii' can take away the taste av that! Oh, \- m time "past" whiii'I put ine fbf through' ivery" livin' j!S5aa-av. the Tin .Commandments-betweu Revillv and Lights Out, blew the froth off a pewter, wiped nic mustache . wid the hack av me hand an' slept - on ut all as -quiet as a little \- child ! But ut's all over, ut's over, an' 'twill niver come hack to me : not though I prayed for & week of Sundays. Was there any wan in the ould rig'iriint. to touch Cpnvril; Terence Mul vaney? r niver fnfet" liim.vlvijy" womari that was not a witch was worth the lookin' afther in those days,' iiii' ivery" mail was ray dearest frihil Or— I had fetrijipfed to him an' we knew who was the bettlier man av the tu. " "Whin I was Corp'ril I wud not ha' changed wid tlic Colonel— no, nor yet. thc Coiiimandber- in-Cliief! T "wiid 'be' a sargihf." There was nothin' . I wud not he.! . Mother ay Hivin, look at me'F'Bwh'at.atb I riciiy ? But -no' nfatfher ! "I must get to the other ghosts— not the wans in my ould heajl.,: ; . "We was quartered inabigcantonmint — 'tis no manner av use namin' names, for ut might give tH&'barricks.disrepitatioii— an' I- -iv'as'tlie' Imperor av the earth tOjipy. own mind, an' wan or tu women thought, the same, small blame to thim. Afther we had laiu there a year, Bragin, the'CoTouf-siiigint av E Comp'iiy,"\viht an' tuk a wife that was a lady's mri'iii'to some "big lady in the station. She's dead now, is Annie Bra- gine-died at KirpaTal, or ut may have been Alhioi-ah— seven— riiite yehrS gone, '"an'' Bragiii he marrier agin... But she was a pretty woman when Bragin introduced .her to ca.11tonmi.nt sodetyi '-'Sne had "eyes like the brown av a buttlierfly's wing whiii the sun catches ut, an' a waist no thicker th'aii my arm, an' a 'little sof' button av a mouth I would ha' gone through all Asia.bristlin' wid bay !nits . to get a kiss av. , An' her hair was as long as the tail av the Colonel's charger— forgive me mentiouin' that blunderin' baste in the same mouthful with Annie Bragin — but 'twas all shpun gold, an time was whin a lock av ut was more than ' di'monds.to me. There was niver a. pretty. woman yet, an' I've had thruck wid a few, cucl ' open the door to Annie Bragin."' "Tyvw.iq. the. chapel I saw her first, me oi r'olhng round as usual to see fwat was to be seen. ,'You'retoo good for Bragin', my love," thinks I to myself, 'but. that's a. mistake I can. put straight or mv name is not Terence Mul vaney.' : " ' ' " Now; take my wurrd for nt, you Ortheris there an' Learoyd, an' kape out av Married Quarters — asldidnot. No good ivercomesof tot,. an' there's al ways the chance av your bein' ; found wid your face in the dirt, a long picket In the back av your head, aii' your hands playin'' the fifes on the tread av another man's doorstep. 'Twas so we found O'Hara, he that Raffertykilled six years gone,' whin he wint to his- death wid his hair 'oiled' whistlin 'Larry O'Rourke' betunehis teeth. Kape out av the Married Quarters, I say, as I did not. 'Tis on- wholesim. ,'tis dangerous an' 'tis iverythin that's bad, but— oh, me s iwl, 'tis swate while it lasts ! "Twas always hangin' about there whin I was off duty and Bragiii wasn't, but niver a eweet-w.ord bey on'- ordinal-' did -I- get from Annie Bragiii. 'Tis the pevarsity av the sect, sez I to myself, an' gave my. cap, another cock on my head an' straightened my hack— an' wint' off as tho' I did not care, wid all the women in the Married Qarters laughin'. I was pershuaded— most boys are, I'm thinkin.'— tbat /no-wo-nen born: av women can stand against me av I held up my little finger. I had 'reason for thinkin' that way— till I met Annie Bragin. " Time and agin whin I was blandandherin' in' the dusk, ainsui would go .past me as quiet asacat. 4 That's quare,' thinks I.' f fori am, : or shud be, the only man. in these parts. Now what devilment can Aiinie ho up to?' Tliinl called' myself a blnyguaril for thinkin' su'-h things ; butT thought thim all' the same. An' that, mark you, is the way nv a man. Wau ©renin' I said: ' Mrs Bragiir, manin' . no disrespect to .you, who. is that corp'ril man' — I'ha.d seen the stripes, though I- cud nivef get , sight av- his . face— -'who is that corp'ril man ' that comes, in always. ..whin I'm goiu' away?' " ' Mother ay God !' sez she,' turnin' as white as my belt ; ' have you'seeii him", too ?' " '.'?5een -hirai'-'-sez T; 'Av Course I" have! Did ye want me not to see him for' — we were standin' talkin in the dhark, " outside the' verandah of Bragin's quarters— 'you'd- better tell me ; to shut me. . eyes. ; Onles3 I'm mistaken, he's, come now.' "An' sure' enough, the corp'ril man :was walkiu'to us hangin' his head down, as though he was ashamed av himself. ' Good night, Mrs. Bragin,' sez I, very cool. "Tis not for me to interfere wid your amoors— but you -might manage these thiims wid,more dacency. I'm off to canteen,' I sez? ,i.I..riinied ..on . my ..heel an' wint away, sweafiu'Iwiid give that man a dhressin'- that wud stliop him messin' about the Married Quarters for. a month an' a week., I had not tuk ten paces'beforfe1 Annie Bragin" was hangin' on to- my arm, and I cud feel that she was shak|n'..all oyer. . . "'Don't ye go. Mister Mulvaney!' sez she.- 'You're flesh and blood at the least— are ye. not ?' '"I'm ;all that,'; sez I. an' mv; anger wint away in a flush. "Will.I w"ant"to be asked tw.ice,- Annie?' - "Wid that. I. slipped, .my- arm around her waist, for, bedad. I fancied she had sur- rindered; at discretion, an' the honours avwar werermine. " 'What nonsinse is this?' sez she, dhrawin herailf up on the tips av her dear little toe ' Wid the mother's milk not dhry on your im- pident mouXJi ! Let go !' she sez. ; : - " ' Did ye not say j ust now that I was flesh and blood r" sez I : ' I have not changed 6ince.' I tez, an' I kep' my arm where ut was. " Your arms to yoursilf !' sez she an' her -eyes sparkled. " ' Sure 'tis only human nature,' sez j; an' I kep' my arm where ut was. r' Nature or no nature,' sez she, 'tou take your arm away or I'll tell Bragin, an he'll alter the nature of , your head. Fwhat d' you take me for'?' she sez. ' , "'A woman,' sez I, 'the prettiest in bar- ricks.' "A wife,' sez she, 'the straighest in can- tonmints.' " Wid that I dropped my arm, fell back tu paces arid "saluted, for I saw that she miut fwhat she said." " Then you know something that some men -would give -a-good.deal.toL.be_certriujof. How could you tell ?" I demanded in the interests of science. "Watch the hand," said Mulvaney. "Av she shuts her hand tight thumb down over the knuckle, take up your hat an' go. You'll only jnake a fool av yoursilf av you sthay. But av the hahdlies bpeiToii the lap - or av you see her thryin' to shut ut an' she can't, go on ! She's not past reasonin' wid. Well, as I was6ayin', I fell back, saluted an' was goin' away. " ' Sthay wid me,' sez she. ' Look ! He's comin' again.' "She pointed to the verandah, an', by the hoight av iinpert'nince, .the corp'ril man was comin' out av Bragin's quarters. "'He's done that these five evenin's past,' sez Annie Bragin. ' 0 fwhat shall I do !' "'He'll not do ut again,' sez I, for I was 'fightin' mad. ' Kape a way from a man that has been a thrifle crossed in love till the fever's .died down. He rages like a brute beast. "I wint up to the man iu the verandah, manin', as sure asT sit, to knock the life, out av him. He slipped into the open. 'Fwhat are you doin' .philanderin' about here, ye scuin av the gutter?" 6ez I, polite, to give him his warniu', fori wanted him ready. " He niver.Iif.ted his head, but sez all mourn ful and melancolius, as if he thought I wud be soory for" Him: ' I can't find her,' sez he." " ' My troth, 'sez I, 'you've lived, too long — you an' your seekin' an' findin's in a Jacent married woman's quarters ! Hould iip 'vo'iir head, yc frozen tliiei av Genesis,' sez I, .'an' you'll fiud all you want an' more !' " " But he niver liild up' and I let go from the shoulder, .where.the hair is short over the eye brows. '"That'll do' your business,' sez I, but it nearly did-mine instid. I put my body weight behind the blow, but I hit notliin' at all an' nearly put my slioulter out. The corp'ril man was not.tbere, an' .Annie Bragiu, .who had been watchin'l'rom the veraudah, tbrowsup her heels and carries on like a cock wbin his neck's wrung by the dhrummer bhoy. I wint back to her, for a livin' woman, an' a woman like Annie Brairin. is more than a n'rade croun' full av ghosts. I'd never seen a woman faint before, au' I stud like a stuck calf, askin' her whether she was dead, an' prayih' her, lor the love av me. an' the love av her husband, au' the love av the Virgin, . to opin her blessed eyes again, \- an' callin' mesilf names undhcr the canopy av Hivin for plaguin' her wid my miserable amoors whin I ought to ha' stud betune her an' this corp'ril man that had lost the number av his mess. " I inisrememher fwhat nonsinse I said, but -Twas '.not so far gonti that I cild not hear a fut on the dirt outside. " 'Twus Bragin comin'" in, aii' hv the sn.me token Annie was coraiii', too. ;-I! jumped- to the. far end av the yeriindah an' looked as if butter wouldn't melt in me inouth. But Mrs. Quinn, the Quartermaster's wife that was, liad:'tduld Bragin about- my hangin'. 'round Annie. . " ' That's bad hearin',' I sez, an' I knew that .the pickets were dliriven iri. ' What for, Sar- gint?' sez I. . " ' Come outside,' sez he, ' an' I'll show you why.' ----- = "'I'm willin',' sez I, 'but my stripes are none so ould that, I can afford to lose thim. Tell me, now, who do I go out wid ?' sez I. "He was a quick mail an' a just,' an' saw fwhat I wud be afther. |' Wid 'Mrs. Bragin's husband,' sez he. He might ha' known by me askin' tbat favour that I had done him- no wrong. « W " ' I wint to the back av the arsenal an' stripped to him, an' for ten minutes 'twas all I cud do to. prevent him killin' himself againstmy fistes. He was mad as a dumb dog — just froth ing wid rage : but he had nochanst wid. me in reach or learnin' or anything else. " ' "Will ve hear reason ?' sez I whin his first wind was runnin' out. " ' Not whoile lean see," sez he. Wid that I gave him both van afther the other, smash through the low gyard that he'd been taught 'whiu he Was a boy, an' the eyebrow shut down on the cheek-bone like the wmg av a sick crow. " ' Will ye hear reason now; ye brave mau ?'' sez I. " " " ' Not whoile I can speak,' sez he, staggerin' -up blind as a stump. I was loath to do it, but I wint round an' swung into the jaw side ou an' shifted ut a half pace to tliolef'. " ' Will ye hear reason now ?' sez I ; 'I can't keep my tirnper much longer, .an'. 'tis like I will hurt you.' " ' Not whoile I.can stand,' he mumbles out av one corner av his mouth. So I closed an' threw him — blind, dumb an' sick; an' jammed the jaw straight. " ' You're an ould fool, Mister Bragin.' sez I. " '.You're a young thfefj' sez lie, 'an', you/ye bruk'my heart, you an' Annie bet'uiio you.' \- " Thin he began cryiu' like a child as he lav. I was sorry as I had never been before. 'Tis an a,wful thing to see a strong man cry. " 'I'll swear on the cross "sez I. . , ' " ' I care' for noiie av your oaths,' 6ez he. " ' Come hack to your quartern.' sez I, ' au' if you don't believe the livin' you shall listen to the dead,' sez I. ; " I., hoisted him an' tuk him back to h?3. quarters. ' Mrs Bragin,' sez I, ' here's a man that-you can. cure quicker than me.' " ' You've shamed me before my wife,' he whimpers. " ' Have I so f sez I. ' By the look on Mrs. Bragin's face I think I'm for a dhressin' down worse than I gave you.' " An' I was ! Annie Bragin was woild wid indignation. There was not a name that a dacint woman cud use that was not given my way. I've had my Colonel walk roun' me like a cooper roun' a cask for fifteen minuts in the ord'ly-room hekase I wint into the corner shop an unstrapped lewnatic, but all that I iver tuk from his rasp av a tongue was gingerpop to fwhat Annie tould me. An' that, mark you, is the way av a woman. ".Whiu ut was done for want av breath, an Annie was- bendiu'; over her husband, I sez : ' 'Tis all thrue, an' I'm a blayguard an' you're au honest woman, but will you tell him of wan service that I did you ?' "As I finished speakin' the corp'ril man came up to the verandahan' Annie Bragiu shquealed. The moon was up an' we cud see ! his face. " ' I can't find her, Bez the corp'ril man, an' wint out like the puff av a caudle. ' ' Saints stand betuue us an' evul !' sez Bra gin crossin' himself. 'That's Flahy av the Tyrone lligmint.' " '.Who was he,' sez I, ' for he has given me dale av fightin' this day.' " Bragin tould us that Flahy was a corp'ril who lost his wife av cholera' in those quarters three years gone, an' wint mad, and walked afther they buried him, huntin' for her. " 1 Well,' sez I to Bragiu, ' he's been hookin' out av Purgatory to kape company wid Mrs. Bragin ivry eveuin' for the last fortnight. Y ou may tell Mrs. Quinn, wid my love, for I know that she's bean talkin' to you, an' you've been listenin', that she ought to onderstand the differ . twist a man au' a ghost. She's had three husbands,' sez I, ' an' you've got a wife too good for you.' . Instid av which you lave her to be boddei'ed by ghosts an' — an' all manner av evil spiruts; - I'll- niyer go talkin' in tho way av politeness to a man's wife agin. Good night to you both,' sez I. An' wid that I wint away, bavin' fought wid woman, man au' divil in the heart av au hour. An that's fourteen years gone ! Eyah ! Cork's own city an' the blue sky affovo ut — an' the times that was— tho times that was !" Rudyakd KirLING. It would seem from the more recent dis coveries that the milk is the first thing about a diseased cow tbat is affected. Doctor Babcock says he can detect in the milk the approach of milk fever and garget a week or ten days before there are any outward signs, by the formation of an extra amquiit of fibrin in the milk. We all, know-how sensitive, milk is to outward in fluences. Why should it not be equally sensi tive to inward influences ? A fistula or sore of any kind which causes the taking up of poison or diseased matter by the absorbent vessels must poison the blood to a greater or less extent, aud it is pretty generally conceded that the blood is the source of milk. In case of tuberculosis, the milk must he" loaded with the germs of the' disease, as the blood has to all pass through the diseased organ.. That it is so has been demon strated by feeding the milk to jroung animals. Some stomacli3 may be strong enough to resist and destroy the disease germs, but. who wants to_take the chance ? If the. milk were boiled it might destroy the germs. So cooking the meat of diseased animals might destroy the disease germs 111 it. But it is not a pleasant thought, to" say the least, that you are eating what was so diseased that your only salvation lies iu the cooking. 