MAIL NEWS. (From Englisfi Papen ta Gth December.) LEPROSY. Sir Morell Mackenzie has aimed a barbed arrow at tho College of Phjsicians in the article on "ThoDieadful RoAivalof Leprosy" which lie contributes to the Nineteenth Century He thinks that the terrible disease has increased, and is increasing everywhere In India it stalks abroad at noonday, it is growing steadily in America, in Australia, and at the Cape, and it is spreading in France Sir Morell Mackenzie plainly hints that the mis chief is duo to the Collego of Physicians, who in 1807 issued a report dedaring that leprosy was not contagious, and so put an end to the segregation of lepers, which had existed since the middle ages, and had held the disease in oheck or stamped it out altogether m most Western countries Possibly tho College of Physicians may havo something to say upon Sir MorelPs historical sketch But Sir Morell's views .as to infection and segregation aie endorsed in a caieful and in teiesting paper on " Lepéis and Lepiosy in Norway," by Di Robson Roose in the .Fort mqhtly "The disease," says this distin guished phjsician, "is without doubt conta gious, it is certainly communicable horn person to person, but is less íeadily transferí ed than many other disorders of a similai typo " It acts slowly bnt AVithal as surely as " the mills of God " It is long bofore it attacks either a person or a place, but once it has Beired hold it does not let go Tor tins îeason Dr Roose is of opinion that the harsh rules which put the leper outside the pale of humanity in the middle ages weie îeally efficacious, and to some extent justifiable Isolation, and isolation alone, is the îeniedy It has effeotually checked the Bpread of the malady in Noiway, and is gradually bringing it under, and if propeily enforced, it might oven, in couise of time, rid India of a scourge which at pioscnt claims its viotims by the thousand We do not know how to cuio lepiosy in the individual, but ive can at least take means to prevent the dissemination of the virus bioad cast THE WOOLWICH ARSENAL SCANDAL The Woolwich correspondent of the Standard ?writes -Seal ching inquiries have boen made bj the War Office in older to asceitain if tho malpiacticos Avhich îecentlj led to the lomoval of a managhi and principal foioman from the Royal Aisenal had extended to other de partments of the oidnanco faetones, and ranous officials haAe boen bubjected to Aeiy unpleasant examinations, but the íesult has been such as to convince the authonties that there is no ground foi fuither suspicions Information on the subject is still denied by tho lesponsible heads of the Government woils, but it is no longei a secret that tho chaige upon which tho two peisons implicated have been dismissed from their offices is the chaige of receiving royalties 01 commission horn Goa einmont con traotois A eui tam firm has for a long timo past iecei\ed laigo oiders fiom the Rojal Laboiatoiy and other dcpaitments, mainly tinough the assiduity of its manager, but the manager íecently losigned and set up a uval establishment, Avheieupon the books ahd papers wore oveihauled, which showed that laigo sums had been expended m giatuities Old cheques Aveie discovered bealing cndoisements of a compromising charactei, and these, Avith tho Avholo of the facto, weio laid before the Socio tary of State Tho conclusion has been not only the dismissal of the tvyo officials flora the Boyal Laboiatoiy, but the exclusion of the new business from all hope of lecemng any oideis flora tho Clown At the Rojal Ai señal an uneasj feel mg still pievails, and oiders havo been given to oxeiciso restrictions of a Aeiy stringent diameter in the admission of Aisitois Hitheito visitois piowded Avith cauls from the War Office 01 having business with the depaitments ha\e been admitted upon signing a book at the gato, but now all Aisitois aie to be accom pamed by guides, and even persons known to havo business with tho oflicials havo to bo oscoited to and fio Plaçaids containing the piousions of the Official Scciets Act, passed this j ear, aie nlso conspicuously disjilajed, waining all peisons of the senous penalties which may follow any breach of tiust com nutted in any depaitments of the State. THE COPPER "RING" Considerable interest (says the London coi respondent of the Btrmmqham Post) attaches to the picsent operations of the " copper ung," and some figures havo reached London fiom Pans which throw a little light upon them The stock of copper now held by tho ring which it had to take ovei fiom the Society des Métaux is under 130,000 tons, and it is m tended to keep the puce fixed at not less than £50 to £55 per ton To this end the stock will be placed slowly upon the market, and, should the price fall, despite all piecautions, tho ung will stop its sale and hold on, even rebujing, if necessaij, to raise it onco moio Those interested in it appeal, however, to havo no doubt that they will be able to keep tho pi ice aboAO the point stated without finding tho need to ha\o recourse to any stiong expedients A POLICE MISSIONARY S EXPERIENCES Mr Gaule, who has beon a Police Couit missionary m Birmingham for fourteen jeais, has boon telling somo of his expenenccs to a repoiter of the local lxmet He says thattheio is one ladv -lyho lives m Edgbaston, and who "shops" regularly in New street with her daughteis, riding in a fashionable carnage attended by lneued Bervants, Avho has known moro than once what tho interior of a drunkard's cell is Often and often haAe mimsteis of diffeient denominations been hi ought up into tho dock, and bj tearing off their collars and giving wiong names liave escaped recognition Mi Gaule lias had under his charge not only clergymen, but nitssionanes fresh from their fields of labour, doctors, lawyers, officers of the arm j, mel chants and even JJ P from distant towns, and most of these, as well as tho poorer pnsoneis, haï e been glad of his serv ices But these, as a rule, as soon as thoy get out of their "bit of trouble," make no acknoAvledgmeut of the assistance rendel ed them Perhaps thoy are afraid One story amongst the manj Mr Gaulo tells is that not many da j s since a married woman named Mai j Wheeler, only 28 years of age, died a shocking death from drink ing Up till the time she was 26 she had been n teetotaller, and never knew Avliat tho taste of .drink was She was, it appears, one of the leading members of the Gospel Temperance Mission, took the solos in the singing, and was regarded until two j cars ago as one of the most promising examples of teetotahsm in Birmingham. Then she was taken ill, the doctor ordered her brandj, and it prov ed like the first taste of blood to a tame tiger She could nevei again be kept fiom it, and at last it killed her A STARTLING ARREST IN PICCADILLY. A correspondent of the Pall Mall Gazette writes -Tlie Baroness Burdett Coutts has many dogs, but pre eminent among them all stand " the Impeiial puppy," an Italian grey- hound, a son of the pet dog of Napoleon III, and Peter, a giandson of her old faAOunto Ben. Kow, it happened that \ery late the other night, as these Iaao distinguibhed creatures were stand- ing bj the area gato in charge of " Albert," one of herladjsliip'a servants, they were suddenly »»rested by a aahant P C of the A Division The offence alleged was that they were at large Avithout being properly muzzled; but it is feared that other motives may ha\epiompted the step, possibly that the Imperial one wear ing for the first time a blue cloth coat "coronetted" in tho corners, presented a riotous and truculent appearance, calculated to spread terror and alarm among her Majestj's lieges Whate\er the cause, the} »ero at once marched off-not to the adjacent, and, in a sort, aristocratic Vine street, but to the emi- nently plebeian "King street. Westminster." Here the unhappy culprits vrcth pendent tails watched a statelj inspector make detailed entries in an awe inspiring volume State- ments made on their behalf were received »ita quiet indifference; and. the dark suspicions, now fast gathering around them, were deepened by the man's admission that they had all "only just come from tho country." Then, leaving behind him the detected pets, he turned home- ward with his story. The search for muzzles, sureties, and licenses, having been successful, tiie Baroness wrote a note to the inspector, polite, but perhaps just a trifle ironic, offered bail for any reasonable amount. She thinks now, to be on the safe side, of having muzzles made to take in the whole dog. DISAPPEARANCE OP AN AMERICAN GOVERNMENT CASHIER. There is a scandal in the House of Repre- sentatives at Washington. The speaker (4th December) laid before the House the following communication from the Sergeant-at-Arms : "I regret to report that C. E. Silcott, late cashier of the office of the Sergeant-at-Arms, has departed from this city without settling his accounts, and I have been unable to ascertain his whereabouts, and there is a deficiency in the cash of the office. In view of these cir- cumstances, I respectfully request an imme- diate investigation of my accounts, under such action as the House of Representatives may take." The Houso immediately ordered the appointment of a committee of investigation. Sileott has, it is alleged, taken £14,000 of Government monoy and £2000 belonging to the Sergeant-at-Arms. He was in New York on Sunday, and ho is thought to have gone to Canada. MR. MYERS ON GHOSTS. Mr. Myers, of the Psychical Research Society, gave a very interesting lecture on 4th December on " Hypnotic Phenomena," in the loeture-room of the South Kensington Museum. Touching upon the hypnotic experiments lately carried on in Paris, he said that it was. an accepted fact that a hypnotised person would obey the will of the hypnotiser not only while in a coma- tose state but a long time after. For instance, if a hypnotised person were told to have a vision of any person six months after the date of the command, he would have that very vision at the 'time appointed. This was due to the working of what the lecturer styled " the unconscious self," and it was this " unoonsoious self" which lay at the bottom of all these phenomena. Mr. Myers then treated of the fact that people on the point of death often, by thinking strongly about some absent person, ave able to produce an image of themselves to that person; maintaining that the powers of the "unconscious self were peihaps stronger at the moment of death than at any other." This naturally led to the question of whether there can he such a thing as true appearances after death. " To the question, ' Do these powers cease with death ?' wo answer ' No,' " said Mr. Myers. " Wo have every ground for affirming that there is often after death a consistent per- sonal impression." HOW AN OPERA IS WRITTEN. " Title yet unknown ?" I asked Mr. Gilbert (writes a representative of the Pall Mall Gazette). "At present," replied the famous cornic-opera-wright, flinging himself into a chair in a coiner of that remarkably com- fortable mullion-windowed library in which he works. " Wo make it a rule never to settle the title until a day before the production. We leave it-to the last moment, and thus get a freo hand m case of a happy thought suddenly occurring to ono of us. ' The Two Gondoliers' is the obvious title, but it has no bite. It is easy enough to got a title, but very hard to get a good one. So the inevitable is put off. What made mo go to Venice ? Well, you must go somewhere, and Venice is beautiful, and lends itself to theatrical treatment. You see, youmust beableto bealittlelavishin the matter of costume. Do I think lavishnoss essential? Comic opera should appeal both to the oye and the ear." " How long have you been at work on the opera?" " About five months. Of course I don't mean every day, but off and on. I daresay I could write an opera in a week, but it would be a precious bad one. I have always put all I know into my work, for I think if n. thing is worth doing at all it is worth doing well. I dare say the public thinks I rattle off my operas as easily as I write a letter. Look here !" And Mr. Gilbert took mo to his writing tahle and showed nie half a dozen manuscript books, each of which was a literary curiosity, and at once showed what labour Mr. Gilbert bestows upon his work. " You see," said the playright, turning the leaves over rapidly, " when I am going to write a now opera I sit down, having the idea in my head, and write out an elaborato narrative, which is worked out in all directions. That is, hero and there there aro cross-roads, in which tho play may branch off in this direction or that. I pose those and pass on to the end, scribbling sugges- tions or bits of dialogue on the opposite page, if they occur to mo. This done I begin again, and put in tho dialogue, and last of all come the lyrics, which I polish and polish until I am satisfied. Tako these two verses, for instance," pointing to a sheet of MS. on the table ; " they aro the essenco of a dozen sheets of paper, upon which I have tried every turn possible. So you see I don't spare myself." PROFESSOR HENRY MORLEY ON THE TEACHER'S IDEAL. Professor Honvy Morley delivered an elo- quent and practical address on 6th December to the students of the Stockwell Training College for Peínalo Teachers. Ho laid particu- lar stress on tho importance of tho method of teaching the young. Faults of temper that had not been remodied at home would remain for the teacher to deal with._ Much patience was required. Patience and kindness accomplished marvellous things. If these things did not correct stubbornness, a clevor writer (Locke) had said then sterner measures were required. He (Mr. Morley) differed. There was no limit to the exercise of patience. The teacher's work was trying and ill-paid. Some day perhaps its value would bo better recognised. Meanwhile it was appropriate to the coining work of every young lady for him to adapt the poet's words and say Who chooseth me must give and hazard all sho hath. "Whether, however, the teaoher's work would yet become more remunerative or not he would point out to them its nobility. Here, as usual, the poetsi wore with them, if they had, as they ought to have, a true ideal of their profession. Drawing an analogy from " The Merchant of Venice," he showed how Shakspeare taught that though we might not receive wealth, we received tho thing we loved best. Professor Morley was particularly cheered when he con- demned tho system of over-examination (a matter in whian ho was afterwards seconded bv the chairman, Lord Coleridge). Urging the students to take care of health amidst their work, he yet advised them to beware of the cant of the day about overwork. He did not believe in it. A great many cases of death reputed to be due to overwork were due, he believed, to consumption. Let them take care of health-¿ve hours' sleep, for example, was not enough ; let them obey the laws of nature with regard to health. Above all, they should not worry. Care killed. Some prosperous, fat people talked about being overworked, and about their brain being on fire. Well, what little brain they had might as well be on fire. (Laughter.) The cant of overwork came from men who did no work. _v A distinguished physician of Bedlam Hospital once told him that the majority of the lunatics there suffered not from too much use, but from too little use of the brain. Thus, shepherds who led lonely lives on the mountains, and railway clerks who spoke to few people, were apt to become mad. Of course there were exceptions. Sir Walter Scott killed himself in his heroic attempt to free himself from debt. Wordsworth, who was so often called conservative, had his brain fired with ideals of the better life awaiting men. He had foretold the coming of education for everv child. Let the students be charitable to all forms of faith and to disfaith. All the strongest periods in our history, such as the Elizabethan, suffered from religious doubt. Thej must first lose themselves, like Sir Galahad, if they wanted to find truth. The teaching brotherhood was a noble one. They had with them the wise, Jthe poets, Shakspeare. and the Rreatest teacher 0f ali« Christ. THE LATEST IN THE THEOSOPHIC WORLD. Colonel Olcott, the president of the Theoso phical Society, graciously received me (writes a representative of the Pall Mall Gazette) in his sanctum sanctorum, on the window of which the mystic symbol of tho cult is painted. Time has not thinned the flowing locks of the Colonel, and he looks more venerable than ever after his sojourn in this inhospitable climate, I immediately plunged in medias res. " Is it true," I asked, " that when you go out to India an Anglican divine will accompany you as your private secretary?" " Yes and no," was the paradoxical answer of the Buddhist high priest. "A clergyman is going with me. He is an LL.D., and was formerly an army chaplain. He is a regularly ordained priest of the Church of England, and has twice been a curate. One good position he threw up to go and labour in the East-end, where a letter in the Times stated the field was white and ready unto harvest. He is a literary man, whose works have been largely and favourably reviewed, and he is also a journalist. I should say he is about 45 years old. He considers that as a Theosophist he will have a more ample field for altruistic work than he has at present; but he has not renounced Christianity." " Of course I know that Theosophy embraces all creeds." " Certainly. Well, this gentleman is going out to live in India. He will not be my private secretary, but will join the staff at the head' quarters at Adyar, near Madras." " You excite my curiosity, Colonel Olcott. This gentleman must be a valuable convert. Cannot you divulge his name?" "It is Dr. T. Bowles Daly, author of 'Irish Industries,' and of a book on Ireland in the time of Swift. When Dr. Daly goes out he will probably meet Mr. C. W. Leadbeater, who was an English clergy- man. Mr. Leadbeater worked in the Buddhist branch of the Theosophical Society, and sub- sequently renounced Christianity for Buddhism. Just like Mrs. Besant, Mr. Leadbeater was ' converted' by our Theosophical literature. We do not, as you know, go in much for pro- selytising." " How soon are you leaving this country?" "That I do not quite know, but I sail for India on the 29th instant from Mar- seilles. I have just received an invitation to lecture to the Burmese Theosophists, and, as I told you once before, I have been asked to go on a lecturing tour in China, and again in Japan. But I have no time. The society has grown to be such a gigantic affair, I am literally swamped by the success of the move- ment." " I suppose that you will begin soon to compare the sacred books of the northern and southern sections of the followers of Buddha?" " Well, that will be as soon as the Buddhist priests whom I took to India from Japan have mastered Sanscrit, and Pali. Pali was the language, you know, that was spoken in India at the time that Buddha lived, and in that tongue the sacred books are written.'' " Has your mission in Great Britain been a success?" "Undoubtedly. My lectures have called attention everywhere to the work of the society. Up till lately Theosophy has been too much an affair of the boudoir. By-the-bye, you remember my lecture at South-place Institute? It was then that Dr. T. Bowles Daly first took a fancy to Theosophy, and made my acquaintance." " Another question, Colonel. Is there to be a theosophic monastery in Switzerland?" "A house is to be built near Lake Maggiore on some highland ground offered by Dr. A. Pioda, commanding splendid views. It will be a retreat- a place of reunion; it will be situated in a free country, in pure air, far from the madding crowd. It is intended to shelter students of Theosophy and Occultism, and to assist them to live a life conformable to the rules of universal brother- hood. The house will be open to all-of what- ever creed or opinions. The interests of vegetarians will be regarded as well as of others, and the general charges will be moderate. The place will be run by a company with the name ' Fraternitas,' and a capital of 50,000 francs. Tho Countess C. Wachtmeister will be presi- dent. Shareholders will not be paid interest on their capital, but will secure the right of living at such a desirable residence. Of course, there will be no vows." "MISCELLANEOUS. "In France," says Mr. Lang," Avriting leads to everything; in England to nothing." It seems to be much the same in Italy, if wo may judgo from a biography of Signor Crispi whioh is appearing in tho I?cvii8 Internationale. There was a timo when the Italian Premier cultivated literature on a little oatmeal-a very little oatmeal. He got expelled from Rome and went to Malta, Avhence he came to London with two sovereigns in his pocket and a limited English vocabulary, Signor Crispi has, oi course, boen more than once in prison. Nobody would think much of a Continental journalist statesman Avho had never been under lock and key. After seA-enteen j-cars of fruitless investiga- tion, there is every reason to believe that ono of tho murderers of General Prim has been discovered. A nativo of Madrid named Ramon Martinez j' Pedragosa, who died recently in the hospital at Buenos Ayres, authorised the chap- lain to publish his confession. He also told the priest that one of his aooomplices was in Moxico. This news agrees with the version given in Madrid in 1874, by Signor Tamberlik, who was an intimate friend of General Prim,. The two chief assassins went straight to Lisbon, and thence to South America. The Duo d'Aosta has most of the papers referring to the subject, amongst other sad historical souvenirs of his, brief reign. Queen Isabella (late of Spain) is discouraged by the Brazilian Revolution. " Providence," she says, " is against us. No matter what a monarch now does, it lands him in exile on foreign soil. Dom Pedro was an ideal monarch; nevertheless, a revolution has swept him away, though even those who dethroned him wished him well and speak of him and treat him handsomely." Many readers will recall when they hear of Sir Percy Shelley's death the dedication of Mr. Stevenson's last'book, " The Master of Ballan- trae." It Avas addressed " To Sir, Percy Florence and Lady Shelley," as fellow " sea- farers and sea-lovers" with the author, from " the loud shores of a sub- tropical island near upon 10,000 miles from Boscombe Chine and Manor ; scenes which rise before me as I write, along with the faces and A-oices of my friends." " Well," continued Mr. SteA-enson, " I am for the sea once more ; no doubt Sir Percy also. Let us make the signal B. R. D. 1" There is something pathetio in this dedication now that Sir Percy has put out on his last A-oyage-" to sail the seas of death." Sir Daniel Gooch's will disposes of £053,492 personal estate after the fashion of most rich men who leave little to the publio and every- thing to their children. Each of his children get £25,000, and the balance, after some other annuities and legacies are paid, is settled upon his eldest son, Sir H. D. Gooch. His widow has a life annuity of £500 in any case, but her remarriage is guarded against by settling £2500 per annum upon her during her widowhood. If it were not so common there would be some- thing grim and ghastly in this provision for the gratification of post viortem jealousy. Surely a constancy that requires to be bound over to eternal fidelity by a sum of £2500 per annum ia not worth much-least of all to a dead man. In conversation with Mr. Edward Jenkins, best known as " Ginx's Baby," the other day( he told a correspondent of the Pall Mall Gatette the following curious and characteristic anecdote of Ralph W. Emerson:-There was a great centenary festival to take place, at which Emerson was to give the chief address. Con- sequently all the literati of Boston-Long- fellow, O. W. Holmes, Charles Sumner, and many others-hastened from far and near to be present on the great occasion, Ginx's Baby amongst the rest. All were assembled, every- thing Avas eager expectation intentique ora teuebant, and Emerson rose to his feet, butnot as Subsequent events proved, to the occasion. After a dry and decidedly uninteresting exor- dium he passed to the main subject of tij address, got slightly involved, stopped dead short, shuffled tile leaves of his MSS., and at last, after five minutes' painful silence, coolly and quietly remarked, " My daughter has made rather a mess of this," and then descended from his perch. The audience dispersed and sought their trains, whilst Charles 6umner turned to Jenkins and said, "Oh I that a .nothing. He often tre«ts his audience to to*» *--* of thin«.'" 