'? BROADBRrM' ON THF WPfi AND* DEATH OF BION BOUCIOaULT. [From the Kapunda. BeraldJ} \- Dion Boucicault is dead,. struck down by a severe attack of acu'e pneumonia early in the we-k, and after a1 brief struggle he eave up t!ie ghost oa Thursday. '' His death was riot ahexpesl'ed''; 'it has' been iviHeni to those who Saw shini during- ? the rpasfc-year that he, W6sa:very;=siek man^*ni be, himself felt that ther end was. not far off. He wilH°pg be- rememb'eredias.pne:©* the jmost proiinc njia., spcceajsiui, piay.rigms,. ui We'' «g# in' which *he lived; a osan j»Jjio),ha& furnished amusement for many millions of psrjple'fn all parts 6f the cl^Jbe, and'ha\in!j «aid that yoff haV^ifald a*l 'that «in - trtily be said in Dion BoaJicault's commendation. H« fend: tbe 'instincts of « literary pirate, and heiappropriat:d]ihejcre3tiiEms.of others' genius with as , little ; companctioa as a 'foolpad fllches a purae. 1'he, inan was morally unbalanced, naturally vicious and depraved, the slave of his appetites ana /his passions, ' without a sinele ? redeeafin^ feature in his ehnracter, Perhnps he was not altogether responsible for tbis, as his mocai' defects w^re a terrible f «ase of heredity. ; His, -father. ^Vforo: Jhim,,. who Hesides'. bein» pna,ojf the-mnst distinguished siiholars and scientists of his time, w'is also bne^o'f the^ most 'notorious Jfetcji^rs :and debauchers' .In?5 'EnSrlan'd :'6r t Ireland. Dionvsins Lardnar ?' Boaeicaolt ,w»B'Jthe , natoral^on .pf Professor ^Diony/dus Lardper who-graduated. witb:bigh;honor.;ftt-fTr:i^Hy College, 3r-abjinA;rin 18J7;,4 &e; jcontinued his .conne/ition wjtn'' JTrinitV Cdllege till 1828 and i havirig ent*td' in ho^yp'r^?rs acted' for 'a' tinie r^'as' chaplain of ^tho. college; but his life .became *o uotbribus^: in , Dablinthat be was^onipeHed to drop the title of reverend, and was ever after wards known a^dpetor or s prsifcsspr.^i V^We ne was chaplain of Ihe college he becaow acquainted with , a Swiss, woajaff^aanwd Bofceiorti and' took #» his qnait»rsf W;ith ;the~ family. It was during tnis time; that Dion Boucicalt was born in 1822. Bpitor liflrdner' continual a member of the- Bore- cbrt household till 1828, when he went to London to accent a ; professqrehip; -in the L melon University, Be ^waa; followed a lew- years' after by his son,:' whom, he placed at Dr. Hessey's school at Harap stead. -; Hg contioaed 'there till his 'father ran away from'Ehglahi' with; the wife j of .Captain Heavyside bf the British' Ariny;in l§10. .Communication was npt. as' eaoy fifty years ago as it is. to-day/ There were' no nveanaa natiuay^ieamerstanu^iuuuanu cablet, so that it was some weeks before the news of his escap'ade reached,. New York. In the meantime - he had intfco duced' Mrs; Heavyside a6 'bie- wifei apd was received by the1 late A:. T. Stewart slnd Phillip Hone, at -tbjat time tne of tiia society leaders of New .York. When . th? news reached here, there was. a terrible explosion, and Dr. Lardner was driven from tbe city. He wan lered about the country for five years, earning a precarious: living by lecturing and' 'writing, and 'in . 1819 returned to Europe ahd- settled ia. Paris, where he died in 1857. . ? Captain. Heavyeide recovered damages against him to. the amount of forty thousaud .dollars so died an .exile, never daring to; set -foot in England asain. Meanwhile his. son, deserted by his father, was couipelled to. leave Dr. Hessey'd school and 'wandera'd up to Liindon. .ir&ere; tor a ume ne suffered much 'privation1 fwhen'.he met John Bronghaai, ? one of the finest specimens of au Irish i gentleman fhat this country 'has seen. He was, a man of Urge heart .and ge'neroos impulses;, and feeling the' keenest «yinpathy: for nls un fortunate ypunfr Countryman, 'introduced hi aa to his friends, and' wrote the greater pftrt of the comedy of ^London AsaoVRnce, Whi«n Dion Boucicaule afterwards claimed as his own. The play was :an .immense success, end ; the ponrj Bohemian became a recognised power is the theatre, .!« 1352 he was a stage mana?et in the theatre in Glasgow. C Juries Kean andhiB wrfa Ellen Tree were playing an 'engagement iere, and' with them 'was them was their adopted daughter r Agnes,.' who ^always accompanied Mrs. Kean to the theatre. Slie wiis.the daughter of a -dead friend, and the Kean's adopted her. JShe was a l°J?\y innocent j;irl with no guile in, heart Dion BoucicBult took advantage of tbe oppofr tunities afforded him while tbe Keans were on the stage,, and ene day the ' girl 'was missing and Dion also. The blow nearly killed Mr3. Kean: Like his father before him he fled to the United States, and in 1853 Agnes . liob-rtson appeared at Kim ball's Boston Museum, her bnsineq manager being Dion Boucicault. She created an immense sensation, and the museum was packed for weeks- The pipers wrote whole columns about her, she was a standing- toast at the clnbs, and all the young bucks went wild ever her, f. -r at that time she was supposed to be a young girl. At ihe end of her engagement, how ever,. Dion BoQcicault appeared before . the curtain and returned thanks on Mrs. Boucicanlt's ' tehalf. She remained hia true and loyal wife for th.rty j ears. Sbe was tha mother of the cnildre'n that hear liis name. Through abuse, contumely, slander and privation, she hid her sorrows and her tears and clung to him for tbe sake of her children. They grew to honorable manhood and womanhood, children of whom any father might have been proud ; but tbis man at the age of nearly seventy branded his wife as a har'ot, and stamped ignominy and charne on the brows of his owu cmiareD. x-iicre. is no ci*^t»™01 or more dastardly than this jecorded in oisiory. He wag. followed to his grave by doetow, lawyers, literateurs, and actors, moit of whem neither knew nor cared about his history. Orations may bs pronounced filled with gilded expressions and lies, and literary Bohemians may cover with the mantle of si'ence hi* 'shameful, lecor'', but the infamous critns against his children will never be condoned or forgiven till . ? the Judgment D y. .To Sportihg Men. — It should he in the hands of ev.ery one of you who are desirous of success, and something eennine to invest money on. Mander's weekly opinion on coming events, with. hiDte on same, horses in training worth watchirijr, &c;, &c;, &c;, Sub.. 5s. per week.— Having considerably-, increased my staff of horse' watchers, &c;, in more than usually confident of another successful season. I have also retained the jservjpfts of the most &accessfal; turf writer .and 'sporting prophet oa the press. These, arrangements coupled with special facilities I eni'Vy, as Turf Telesrraobic Agent places me in speedy possession of all sporting in formation from all quarters of the colonies. Sudden changes in the. betting, market unexpected Kcratchings, sansathnai galops will be wired to my qonsiituants, in many cases hours before tlKt'iKfornraion has arrived in Melbourne. I do notciiiim iiiFall'bility pei{,hcr ? ^o I ^-r».tenji to invariably send :t\y clieujs the absojure wjo.nyr Sf'aVeVy race, bat wha-. 1 profess ti d.) is this— I 'first i'f all warn my c'ieiUs wliat horsos not ti- back. Prior to eauh impirtant race 1 send th3tn weekly conesp.'iideooe if necessary, or in tbe event of exiiedition being impei-Jtivu I coimnuiiicate hv wire informine; them wh»t I iii'd my' traininjj touts c-.-i»--i -r ii»ii lilc^liusi miiinms. Tnes.i lioi-sos in nine c.»»es out of c-^n come l.i kIi. -it prices, a,id if tiielr ha^kiiis elect la h.'dg-? iliay oaii do s 1 and s ill stm:.i t' win n Dip »-taki: io ii'iiiii'!,' Almiii -S M.ind^r.-, Tuif vJorrespiii-iuiit. M-i;!.!^,-'. UuSlLS. li-jUi'^ii Stltiut E., liox 7j G.i'.O 