CHAPTER LXIII. Lady Octopa's diplomatic overtures had been renewed over and over again ; she had tired many different forms of approach, but as yet with signal failure. One day, coming to Hans Place, on one of these missions, after an interval of ten days, she was startled be the change in Esme's appearance. ' My dear child 1' she cried, ' what is the matter ? You look like a ghost.' ' Nothing,' said Esme. When the whole life is brought down to the level of utter wretchedness, — when everything is the matter, — we find it hard to particularise, and we say, ?' nothing.' ' Nothing ! why, you are thin and pale and — oh, you are dreadfully ill ! Any one can see that. I must have Sir Cavy to sec you at once. Where is your papa ?'. '? I believe he is in the next room ; but he is unwell.' 'I'll go and see him, at once ; I never be held such an object as you have become !' So flying, the vigorous dame went to the lion's den. 'Good morning, Germistoune !' she cried, bouncing into his lordship's presence. ?' Hush? hush I Lady Octopa. Pray don't speak so loud. I am in agony — in torment. This accursed foot — oh !' ' Gout again ?' Lord Germistoune rolled this agonised eyes upon her, but, for reply, he only groaned. ' I wish to speak to you about Esme,' said Lady Octopa. ''Now, Lady Octopa, let me tell you, once for all, that I will have no more of this con founded intriguing,' cried the old lord, forget ting bis foot, for the moment, and sitting bolt upright ; ' let me add that I won't have the Glencairns' mentioned in this room. There !' ', My dear Lord, you've got ' Glencaim' on the brain. I should like to know what possible interest I can have in them ?' 'I didn't mention them. Don't be a baby !' ' You ladyship forgets yourself.' ' Not a bit ot it. It is about Esme I wish to speak to you. She is very ill.' 'Rubbish!' ' For you, perhaps, but not for her, or those who really love her. I tell you the child is alarmingly ill : and you most have a doctor to see her at once. Her colour is gone ; she is half the size she was ; she looks like consumption, but I have tested the action of the heart, and I find that the mischief is there.' ' It is a little odd, I think, that I should be the last person to observe all this.' ' It would be, in any other man, but not ia yonr case.' ' Why, pray ?'' ' Because you ore entirely engrossed with yourself. There ! that's frank. Now, now 1' she cried, holding up her hand, as Lord Ger mistoune was going to break out. — 'don't try to shout me down and frighten me ; you can't do it ; no one can. I tell you the girl is alarmingly ill.' ' I tell you she is nothing ot the sort.' ' Will you use your stupid old eyes ?' 'Lady Octopa! I ? ' But here he was interrupted by a terrific spasm, so that his sentence evaporated in miscellaneous howling. . — ? Lady Octopa, seeing him thus impracticable and feeling that the thin edge of the wedge was inserted, left him, and went promptly to Sir Cavy Bolus — the eminent physician who advised both families. The doctor was bland and politic the private friend of all his patients, and the confident in many domestic mysteries, as doctors are wont to be. He was a kindly man. as it is also the wont of doctors to be, and, in fact, ' a good man all round' where it was a question of managing obstreperous patients. With him Lady Octoppa dealt astutely ; a ray of light had flashed upon her ; she beheld a new point of departure for her manoeuvres, and the doctor must be pressed into her service if it were to be utilised. She told him, then that she had come to talk to him about Miss Douglas, whose condition caused her anxiety. She told him that there had been, a love-affair (it would never do to mix a family doctor up with a love affair in esse) — that there had been a love affair through which Esme' had suffered, not merely from disappointment, but from the tyrannical conduct of her father, who, though the affair was past and gone, continued to treat her with extraordinary harshness and even cruelty. Under this, and the absoluteseclnsion in which he kept her, her health was breaking down : — the doctor would see that for himself, at a glance. The great thing was to get her away from her father tor a little while ; so that while she had change ot air and scene, and general distraction, her parents bitterness might have time to evaporate. The doctor must drop in, accidently, as a private friend to see her ; he must be shocked by her appearance, alarm her father, and instantly order change of air. He ought to recommend sea-air ; and, since the best kind of sea-air was notoriously to be found at Torquay, be ought to suggest Torquay. The doctor smiled subtly, and said that his directions must always by guided by the symptoms of his patients ; but that, if the symptoms were as stated, change of air would doubtless, be a wise prescription. As to the seaside, in, in nine cases out of ten, a change to the seaside would be very beneficial. (TO BE CONTIN0ED.) 