CHAPTER XIX. A MYSTERIOUS VOICE. This was an incident to give one a deal to think and talt about. Certainly little imaginable cov-d be stranger than that we, being in thase of a fore- and-aft schooner yacht, should fall in "with a vessel so resembling the object of our pursuit as to deceive the sight of men who professed to know the Shark well. I should have been glad to ask the Dutchman about his craft, yet it was a matter of no moment whatever. The thing had happened, it was passing strange, and there was an end. Lakely enough she was an TSnglish vessel purchased for some opulent trader in the is aud of Cura<joa, and on her way to that possession in charge of the porpoise who had honoured us with a visit. The incident signified only as a disappointment. All dinner time I had been fretting over it, for since sunrise I had been thinking of the vessel ahead as the Shark ; counted, in a sort of unreasoning, mechanical, silent way, upon capturing Lady Monson out of her, which, of course, would mean a shift of helm for us and home again. Wilfrid bore the blow better than I had dared to expect. He made a good dinner, for which he had the excuse of having fasted since breakfast, and broke into a noisy roar of laughter out of the air of, gloomy resentment with which he had arrived from his cabin on my describing the Dutchman, and repeating his questions and my answers. In short, his weak mind came to his rescue. With the schooner had vanished an inspiration of thought that had served his intellect as an anchor to ride by. His imagination was now fluent again, loose, draining here and there like water on the decks of a rolling ship ; and though he spoke with vehement bitterness of his disappointment, and with indignation and rage even-of Finn's ignorance in pursuing a stranger throughout the day, he dwelt very briefly at a time on the subject. Indeed, his talk was just an aimless stride from one thing to another. If he recurred to the Dutch schooner, it was as if by mere chance; and, though the subject would blacken his mood, in a very short while he had passed on to other matters with a cleared face. Miss Laura afterwards said to nie that the strain of the day had been too great for him, and that when the tension was relaxed the strings of the instrument of his mind dropped into slack fibres, out of which his reason could fiddle but very little music. Well, I could have wished it thus for everybody's sake. Better as it was than that he should have shrunk away scowling and hugging a dark mantle of madness to him, and exaggerated the abominably uncomfortable behaviour I had witnessed in him all day. He arrived on deck after dinner to smoke a cigar, and whilst I s$t with Miss Jennings—for it was a quiet night after the stormy blowing of the day, with a tropic tenderness of temperature in the sweet gushing of the southerly wind, the curl of moon gone, and the large stars trembling through the film of their own radiance like dewdrops in gossamer—I could hear my cousin chatting briskly near the wheel with Finn with intonations of voice that curiously proclaimed the variableness of his moods to the ear, sometimes speaking with heat, sometimes in a nofce of sullen expostulation, sometimes surprising the attention with a loud ha, ha 1 that came floating back again to the deck in echoes out of the silent canvas, whilst Finn's deep sea-note rumbled a runningcommentaiyas the baronet talked. "What do you think of this chase now ?" said I to Miss Laura. " I wish it were over," she answered. " I want to see my sister.rescued from the wretch she has run away with, Mr. Monson, but this sort of approaching her recovery is dreadful." " It is worse than dreadful," said I; "it is tedious with the threat of a neat little tragical complication by-and-bye—any day indeed—if Wilfrid doesn't stow that gun in his hold or heave it overboard. The Dutchman might very well have answered our. f^ict liad he mounted a piece or two or «;■ ■yen alongside and plied us, as they used to say, with small arms. Now one isn't here for that sort of thiiig, Miss Jennings." "No. Is there no way of losing the cannon ? " I laughed. "If Wilfrid will reserve his fire untd he is sure of the Shark instead of blazing away at the first craft that resembles her, the weapon might yet prove something to usefully serve his turn ; for I doubt if anything will hinder the Colonel from cracking on when he catches sight of ng, sliort of iron messages from the forecastle there. But we shall aot meet with the Shark this side the Cape, if Ihere." . "I fear it will prove a long voyage," said she, with the sparkle of the starlight in her eyes. " You will be glad to return ? " "Not without my sister." " But shall you be willing, Miss Jennings, supposing us to arrive at Cape Town without falling in with the Shark, to persevere in this very singular and unpromising sea quest i " " I will remain with Wilfrid certainly," she answered quietly. "My duty is to help him in this search, and where he goes I shall go." " But he will be acting cruelly to carry you on from the Cape unless able to certainly tell where to find the fugitives, fixing the date too for that matter." " 1 see you will leave us at the Cape, Mr. Monson," she exclaimed with an accent that could only come from the movement of the lips in a smile. " Not unless I prevail upon you to accompany me home," said 1. She shook her head lightly, but made no answer. Perhaps it was her silence that rendered me sensible of the unpremeditated significance of my speech. "Well," said I lighting a second cigar, "whilst you feel it your duty to stick to my cousin I shall feel it mine to stack to you. Not likely I should leave yon alone with him. No." At that instant the harsh, surly voice of old Jacob Crimp hailed, the skipper, who still stood aft talking with Wilfrid. All was in darkness forward; it was hard upon two bells ; the canvas rose as elusive to the eye in its wanness as a dim light in windy gloom far out to sea, and the shadow of it plunged a dye as opaque as blindness into the obscurity from the mainmast to the forecastle rail, where the stars were sliding up and down like a dance of fire-flies to the quiet lift and fall of the close-hauled yacht upon the invisible folds brimming to her port bow. " Capt'n," sung out Crimp's melodious voice—plaintive as the notes of a knife upon a revolving grindstone—from the heart of the murkiness somewhere near the galley. " Hallo ! " answered Finn. " Can I speak a word with ye 1" "Who is it wants me ? " " The mate." " Tell liim to come aft," Wilfrid bawled out. " If there's anything wrong I must know it. Step aft, Crimp, step aft, d'ye hear ? " he cried. Old Jacob's stunted figure came out of the darkness and walked along to where Finn sto<Sd. " What is the matter, I wonder ? " said | Miss Laura. I cocked my ear, for there is something in a hail of this sort at sea on a dark night to put an alertness into one's instincts and nerves. Besides, there was no sounder snorer on board than old Jacob, and his merely coming up on deck during bis watch below, though he should hare stood mute as a ghost, was something to raise a little uneasy sense of expectation. His voice rumbled, but I could not hear what hie said. Wilfrid shouted " What d'ye say ? " with an expression of astonishment and incredulity. Finn laughed in a sneering way, whilst old Jacob again rumbled out with some sentence. Then my cousin bawled out " Charles, Charles, come here will you ?" " What tiie deuce is the matter now ? " said I, and Miss Laura followed me as I went over to the group. " Here'sa nice pickle we're in, Charles," cried Wilfrid. " What think you ? Crimp swears the yacht's haunted." " So she be," said Crimp. " Pity your mother didn't sell vinegar, Jacob, that you might have stayed at home to bottle it off," exclaimed Finn. " Haunted ! That may do for the marines, but you won't get the sailors to believe it." "That's just what they do then," remarked Crimp. " All the watch below have heard it and can't sleep in consequence." " Heard what 1" I asked. "The woice," answered Jacob, "the same as you and me - heard 'tother night." "Have you heard a voice, Charles?" exclaimed Wilfrid, suddenly fetching a deep breath. "A mere fancy," said L " Te didn't like it anyhow," said Crimp gruffly as though speaking aside. "For God's sake tell me about this voice, Charles," cried Wilfrid, agitated all j on a sudden and restless as a dog-vane, | with the twitching of his figure and the shifting of his weight from one leg to another. I related the incident, making light of it, and tried to persuade him that the mere ! circumstance of. my having said nothing about it proved that I regarded it as a deceit of the hearing. " Did you know of this, Laura ? " said j Wilfrid. "Asa joke only," she answered. j " A joke/' cried he, breathing deep 1 again. " The voice sounded off the sea, < hey? and two of you heard ifc ? "What did it say ? " and 1 could see him by the starlight looking towards the starboard- quarter in the direction whence the syllables had floated to us. "What did it say?" he repeated. " Why, that this here yacht was cussed," rattled out Jacob defiantly, " anddumme if I don't think she be now that the blooming corpse belonging to the wreck is » jawing and .n-tlireafcening of all hands down in the forepeak." " What is this man talking about 1" I exclaimed, believing that he must either be drunk or cracked. " He's come aft to tell as, Mr. Monson," answered Finn, " that he and others of the watch below have been disturbed by a woice in the hold saying that there's a ghost aboard, and that the only way to get rid of him is to sail straight away home and end this woyage which, saving the lady's presence, it calls blaisted nonsense." I observed old Jacob's head vigorously nodding. " You're heard the voice too, Charles?" said Wilfrid, flitting in short, agitated strides to and fro beside us. " Mr. Monson heard it twice," growled Jacob, " off the wreck as well as off the quarter." " Speak when you're spoken to," cried Finn. " Why, spit me, Mr. Monson, if it ain't old Jacob's grandmother as has signed on instead of Crimp himself." "Look here," said Crimp, "let them what disbelieves step forrards and listen themselves." " Charles, inquire into this matter with Finn, will you i" exclaimed Wilfrid. " I—I—" he stopped and passed his hand through Miss Jennings' arm, immediately afterwards saying with a short, nervous laugh, " the sound of a supernatural voice would cost me a night's rest." "Come along, Finn,"said I. "Come along, Crimp. If there be a ghost, as our friend here says, he must promptly be laid : by the heels and despatched to the Red Sea." " What did'ee -want to go and tell Sir ■Wilfrid about that woice you and Mr. Monson heard, 'tother night ? " grumbled Finn, as we moved forwards into the darkness towards the forehatch. "Cause its true," answered Crimp in his sullenest manner. " 'Sides it's time to end this here galliwautmg ramble, seems to me, if we're going to be talked to and cursed by sperrits." Finn made no answer. We arrived at the forehatch and descended. ^The Bride's , forecastle was a large one for a vessel of lier size. On either hand abaft was a small cabin partially bulkheaded off from the -sailors' sleeping-room, * respectively occupied by Jacob Crimp and Cutbiil. Whether the mate ate with the captain, whose berth was just forward of the one that had been occupied by MulSn^ with access by means of a sliding door to a \- small living room through which he could pass into the forecastle, I cannot say. It was a rough scene to light upon after the elegance, glitter, and rich dyes of the fittings of our quarters affc, but the more picturesque for that quality as I found it now, at least on viewing the homely and coarse interior by the light of a small oil lamp of the shape of a block-tin coffee-pot with a greasy sort of flame coming out of the spout, and burning darkly into a corkscrew of smoke that wound hot and ill flavoured to the upper deck. There were bunks for the seamen and two or three . , hammocks slung right forward; suits of oilskins hung by nails against the stannous, and swung to tlie motion of the vessel like the bodies of suicides swayed "by the wind. The deck was encumbered by sea-chests cleatedor otherwise secured. Here and there glimmering through die twiliglit in a bunk I took notice of a little framed picture, a pipe rack, with other odds and ends, trilling home memorials, and the artless conveniences 'with which , .poor Jack equips himself. ■ -There wdre seamen lying. in their beds, a vision of leatlieiy noses forking up out of a hedge of "whisker, -with bright -wide- awake eyes that made one tliink of glow-worms in a bird's nest; other equally hairy-faced figures in drawers and with naked feet, huge bare arms dark with moss and prick\x=req-\ ings in ink, sat with their legs over the edge of their bunks. It was with difficulty J that I controlled my gravity when on casting a hurried glance round the forecastle on entering it my gaze lighted on the visage of Muffin, whose yellowness in _^£he dull lamplight showed with the spectral hue of ashes. His bunk was well forward ; his bare legs hung from the edge " like "a couple of broomsticks ; his hands were clasped ; his head slightly on one side; his posture, one of alarm, amid which} however, there still lurked a native Equality of- valet-like sleekness with a suggestion of a respectful ^polbgy for feeling nervous. Sweet as "the Bride was, no doubt, as a pleasure vessel compared with other craft of those times, the odour of this interior, improved as it was by the j flaring snuff of the lamp, not to mention : < a'decidedly warm night, was by no means of the most delicious. Added to this was the lift and fall of the yacht's bows which one felt here so strongly, that, coming fresh from the tender hearings of the afterdeck, you would have imagined a lively head sea had sprung up on a sudden. 'That Muffin should have stood it astonished me. Sleeping as he did, right in the " eyes," he got the very full- of the motion. Besides, such an atmosphere as this must needs prove the severer as a hardship after the lummons and flower-sweetened air of the cabin. 'Finn took a leisurely survey . of the occupants of the bunks. ■: " Well, Lads!" said, he, " what's the •mogjiing of this here talk about a woice ? Mr. Crimp's just come aft to tell me there's somewhat a-speaking under foot here." " That's right, sir," remarked Cutbill, who stood feolt upright like a sentry in the entrance to his little berth. " I beg your pardon, Mr. Monson, sir, but it's nigh hand the same sort o' speech as hailed us from the wreck." *"Tis the same!" said a deep voice from one of the bunks. " Bala,!" quoth Finn, contemptuously. " Never yet met with the rat as could damn a man's eyes in English," grunted Crimp. " Not in any otSier lingo, Mr. Crimp, said a idngulagdooking seaman, whose face I had before taken notice of as resembling the skin of an over-ripe lemon. He lay on the small of his back blinking at us, •and his countenance in that light, that •was rendered confusing by the sliding of -shadows to the swing of the yacht, made one think of a melon half buried in a blanket. "Well, but see here, my lads," exclaimed Finn, in a voice of expostulation, " what did this here woice say ? That's what I want to know. What did it say, men ? " " I told ee, growled Cnmp. But old Jacob's interpretation did not tally with that of the others. The sailors ! were generally agreed that the voice had :exclaimed m effect that the yacht was cursed, and that their business was to make baste and sail her home ; but some had apparently heard more than others, whilst a few again manifestly embellished, ■with a notion, perhaps, of malring the .most of it; but there could be no question whatever that human syllables, very plainly articulated, bad sounded from out of the hold ; all bands were agreed as to that, and proof conclusive as to the sincerity of the men might have been found iii the looks of them, one and alL " Silence, now !" cried Finn, " let's listen." We ail strained our ears. Notiiing broke the silence but the' sulky wasli of die sea outside, seething dully, the lialf\x=req-\ siafled respirations of the sailors, who found it difficult to control their hurricane lungs, and the familiar creaking noises breaking out in various parts of the fabric to her swayings. Impressed as 1 was by the - agreement -amongst the men—aadl bad come besides , to this forecastle with the. memory very fresh in me of tie niysterious. voices I had before heard—I could scarcely hold my face as I stood listening, with my eye glancing from one hairy countenance to another. The variety of the Jacks' postures, the knowing cock of a head here and there, the un\x=req-\ winking stare, the strained barkening attitude, the illustration of superstitious emotions by expressions which were rendered grotesque by the swing of the lamp, the half - suffocated looks of some of fiie fellows who were trying to draw their breaths softly, formed -a picture to appeal irresistibly to one's sense of the ridiculous. Three minutes passed ; it might have been hours, so long the time seemed. " Seems it's done jajying, whatever it is," said Finn. We listened again. I "Tell 'ee it's rats, lads," said Finn.. "As the cuss was meant for this 'ene craft," exclaimed the deep Toice that had before spoken, "perhaps if"her owner was to come below, the sperrit, if so be , it's thai, 'ud tain to and talk out again." " Tell 'ee, its rats!" cried Finn, scornfully. "Rats ! " exclaimed Crimp, with great irritation, "if that's all, why don't Sir Wilfrid lay forrard and listen for liisself ?" ".Won't he come?" said one of the men. "Come! 110," rattled out Crimp, "and why ? 'Cause he knows it's the truth." " Well," exclaimed Cutbill," speaking ivith all proper respect, seems to me that what's meat for the dawg ought to be meat for the nta.n in the likes of such a liumble-come-tuiuble out of the maintop into the main-hold sort o' job as this." There was now some grumbling. Crimp .had enabled the men to guess that Wilfrid -*v-as afraid to enter the forecastle, and suudiy sarcasms, with a mutinous touch iii them, passed from bunk to bunk. " Avast I" roared Finn ; ''listen if lie'll tpeak now." , But no so;md resembling a human syllable entered ihe stillness. " It's rats, I tell 'ee," shouted the skipper, making to go on deck. " Come along, Mr. Monsoa. Blamed now if I believe that Jacob is the only grandmother as has signed articles for this here woyage." But as I followed liim the exclamations I caught determined me on advising Wil- ] frid to come forward. He had left Miss i Jennings standing alone at the rail, and j was walking swiftly liefe and there with an irritability of gesture that was a sure symptom iu him of a troubled and active imagination. Oil catcluug sight of me as .1 emerged out of the blind shadow on the forward part of the yacht, he cried out eagerly, "V>~eil, what have you heard? Is it a voice, Charles ?" ] There is nothing to hear, 1 answered. " Finn disrespectfully calls it rats." What else, your honour ? " exclaimed Finn, '' the squeaking of rats ain't unlike a sort} o' language. Put the noise they make along witli the straining of bulkheads and the like of such sounds, and let the boiling be listened to by a parcel of ignorant sailors, and I allow ye'll get ■what might be tanned a supernatural woiee." Wilfrid burst into one of his great laughs, but immediately after said in a grave and hollow tone, "But you, Chai'les, have before heard something pretema- ! tural in the shape of a hail off yonder "quarter, and from the dead man you found on the wreck." " Fancy, mere fancy,"I said. "Gracious mercy ! am I- making this voyage to cany home with me a belief in ghosts ? But I wish you'd go into the forecastle with Finn, Wilfrid, and listen for yourself. Make your mind easy : there's nothing to be heard. A visit from you -will pacify the men. They hold that you admit the truth of what they allege by declining to satisfy yourself by listening. Their: temper is not of the sweetest. Tliey: should be soothed, I think, when it is to be so easily done." 1 He hung in the wind and said m a hesitating way, "What do you think, Finn ?" " Well, Sir Wilfrid, since, as Mr. Monson says, there's nothen to hear and notlien therefore to cause ye any agitation, I dorn'fc doubt that a wisit from you would please the sailors and calm down their minds. I'm bound to say they're oneasy,—yes, Fin bound to say that." " Come, then," cried my cousin, and he strided impetuously into the darkness, followed by the skipper. I gave Miss Laura my arm and we started on a little -walk. The awning was furled and the dew everywhere sparkled Eke h<fer frost. The quiet night wind sighed in the rigging, and the yacht, a point or two off her course, and every sheet flat aft, softly broke through the Mack quiet waters with dull puffs of phosphor at times sneaking by like the eyes of secret shapes risen close to the surface to survey us. The sheen of the binnacle light touched a portion of the figure of the fellow at the wheel, and threw him and a segment of the circle -whose spokes he held, out upon the clear, fine, spangled dusk in phantasmal yellow outlines, dim as the impression left on the retina by an object when the eyelid is closed upon it. My fair companion and I talked" of the incidents of the day. One thing was following another rapidly, I said. 'Twas like a magic—lantern show; scarcely had one picture faded oat when something fresh was brightening in its room. " What manner of sound could it be," she asked, "that the sailors have interpreted into cursings and dreadful warnings ? " " It was no fancy on my part anyway," said I, " let me put what face I will on it to Wilfrid. I-f what the men profess to hear be half as distinct as what I heard, there must be some kind of sorcery afc work, I'll swear." (To be continued.) 