PARLIAMENTARY PICKLES " THE man who has no opinion is a fool ; the man who has an opinion and is afraid to express it, is a, knave." Gone from our sight, vanished even us a dream. Our William, has left us. His visit was even such as the angels pay us. Remarkably short. But even in the short time he was here he did good. He made a lot of speeches.— Patronized the local tuning-up industry— and generally restored a heap of the lost confidence in the hearts of our community. —o— But he will soon return and then for Ructions, Elections and Glory. •— 0 — The advent of the new Boss is a red chalk mark on the official political calendar. Those who trembled in their number nine shoes, are once more able to pull their socks up and wait with a trusting heart for future events. —o— George, Tom, Dick and Harry of the Red Tape, Bottle-Washing, India-Rubber- Stamp and Gum-Licking departments, can rest in their little four-posters without any fear, until the elections take place and the new Ministry is formed. No alterations, at present, is the order of the day, and with the exception of dusting out the pigeon holes and tidying up the papers, no volcanic eruptions will take place immediately. There have been many trembling hearts of late, and many a tender conscience has pricked itself with the thorns of remorse during the last few weeks. Little reminscences of being late at office—neglected work—days taken off— and other little trifles—have crowded one after the other like ghosts of Mother Nemesis—only rather more so. With the monthly bills in one hand and the fear of immediate sack in the other, the officials have been so energetic of late that it is only to be prayed for, their old constitutions will not be injured by having a new constitution. " Tidy up your papers and dust out your pigeon holes" is the proclamation issued by Our William" ; and as he is not to be trifled with, we may expect to see all the fraternity on the pinnacle of political cleanliness in less than five wags of an infant sheep's tail. —o— To quote the words of the immortal bard : " Oh what a tidying up was there, What brushing of coats and combing of hair; What smoothing of hats, and other things brushing, When to Government House the crowd are rushing." — o— So our dear old friend Sir Malcolm is going to take a holiday. Well he deserves it, for he has worked hard for our little colony and has thoroughly earned every good wish for his future welfare. We should indeed be wanting in the balance, if we did not wish him good luck. What a stirring time we shall have of it directly. Imagine the whole of Western Australia's internal economy" being convulsed by the political volcano of a general election. Why trade will thrive like wildfire. The Devils (the printers) will have a glorious time of it, printing the praises of each candidate ; and general prosperity will reign supreme. The good old days of parliamentary quibs and circulars, have passed away; Ave are too aristocratic for that style of business now, but still the venerable posters with Vote for Annanias &c.;, &c.; are bound to appear. We have still happy days in store for us. We note Sir Joshua Reynolds is likely to be opposed by Quinlan, for the Wellington District. This will make the Venn-erable artist twirl his moustache and look lively. York also is to have a lively time of it. Some people call lawyers Sharks, possibly this is the reason another member, Fyke, of the finney tribe is about to contest the election. Said the P to the Pyke, I shall go out on the strike ; If you fish around to try and gain the seat. Said the Pyke to the P , How is it you fear me, When at angling you always are so neat ? — o— Amongst others we see the Albany district will not be a walk over for the Little Tin Soldier, as Graham is going to have a shot for it. He says he is going to give his oponent a drilling this trip. Well Albany requires to be fortified so it is only right it should be well protected in the Council, independent of the " Roosians." " The Essence of Macauley," alias Richardson has at last consented to have a walk over for the DeGrey. The Saints preserve us when he gets on his understandings to enlist the sympathy of the House for the introduction of mosquito nets for the protection of the natives. The "Retired One"—Mr. Loton—is going to contest the seat for the Swan, with Sammy. Its five to four on Sammy if we kno anything about it—and a very good member he will make. —o— Many new candidates are springing up,, just on the eve of the event, and as the poet says:— ' " For like the merry mushrooms, " They spring up in the night ; " Down comes the foot of Common Sense, "And then they're out of sight." (Saraceus, 1st Book—Chap. 1.—Verse 1000.—• Line 2.—Word 4th after comma.) Its rather rough on " Alas those Chimes" —when he finds himself opposed for South^ Fremantle, by Symon of that Ilk. A nominee seat is a very unsafe thing to hold at any time and to make use of a stale joke :—Only a Symon, Pure can hold it. Contrary to all traditions " The Sleeper" is never at rest. Or at least he is still Keane for advancement. This is noticeable in the fact that he is seeking the suffrages of the Geraldton constituents. It is to be hoped that he is not doing what a correspondent suggested to us Having them on a line. —o— The new laud speculator, the stockbroker and the Insurance Agent, are going to run for East Perth. The question naturally arises which candidate will be the most suitable. The one will take our lives, the other our land, and the last a share of everything we've got. So Silas the Rowdy, and Billy the Silent are going to have a walk over for North Fremantle and Fremantle Proper. Once more our Council will have a gay and festive appearance, and at least, one honorable gentleman will be intoxicated with exuberance of his own verbosity. 