MY UNCLE'S ADVENTURE. AWansxre To Ax.rQua nrAN EsrrimsUAss. MI uncle had a large nose, which was often the occasion of irreverent jokes at his expense. lie was also a man of antiquarian tastes, and was often victimised by those who palmed off upon him worthless articles which he was persuaded to believe were of ancient origin atd of priceless value. With these " curiosities " hle filled his house, much to the annoyance of my aunt and the amuse ment of his less credulous friends. But lihe was suddenly awakened from these absurdi ties in a manner so remarkable that he invoked my aid in reproducing a story often told by himself at his dWn flieside; It w:as a stiltrydfterndoti in the i?dith df September, "blien my uiclb bent his steps across the comnimo diid through the meadows to visit a neighbouring farmer friend. On the occasion df this visit, and just as lie was leaving, after having par taken of the usual hospitalities of the place, he espied in a corner of the farmyard an old iron pot, nearly spherical in shape, which had formerly stood on three legs, but could now only boast of two. Owing to its unsafe condition it had lon, since been disused, and had been consigned to its resting-place on the principle th£at for all the ills of life prevention is better than cure. A somewhat minute inspection of its ex terior revealed the figure 11ii followed by something which could not readily be de ciphered; and iistead Of conclitding that these marks probably represented nothiig. more tlhan the size df thb.article in qutestiOn, the great antiquary rashly concluded that the 16 with tle .obliterated marks repre sented nothing. hort df the date of its manufacture. A pot wlidse early existence was probably contemporary with Cromwell could not be permitted to remain in such a place. Accordingly my uncle determined to transfer it to Stanley Court, there to keep company with the many relics of days long ago. But 1iis burden proved more inconvenient than lie anticipated. After taxing his in genuity to the utmost to discover a means of carrying it with a maximum amount of ease,it finally occurred to him that,inverted, it might rest on his head. Accordingly, it was so placed, and my uncle proceeded with the queerest helmet that ever pressed the brow of. a htlumaii betiig, lis path lay along the batik, dc a Small ri8er, and so down to the mill. Here, it may be men tioned in parenthesis, lived an old sweet heart, who, otit of patience, I suppose, in waiting for the question from my uncle, had accepted his rival, the miller, fully twenty years before. Across the stream a dam had been constructed for the purpose of diverting the water to the mill, and thus a pond was formed at least five feet deep. The water often flowed over the dam, form ing a beautiful cascade from six to eight feet in height; and when the water was low, people frequently passed over the wooden platform of the dam to save the walk to the bridge, which stood more than a hundred yards below the mill. IBut, doubtless, my uncle had aiotlher reason fOr selecting this route, a rdason which received additional force from the strange appear ance which he now presented. As may be readily supposed, the action of the water had rendered the platform very smooth and slippery. Along this dangerous path, however, my nucle proceeded, but whether from the effect of the aforesaid hospitalities, or from the weight of the pot on his head, lie became unsteady in his gait, and suddenly slipped. A fall of eight feet to the bed of the river was no joke ; besides, such a fail could only end in the destruction of the pot. Now, divided attention is al ways to be a-oided, Wlhere the possible issues are serious, as under even ordinary circumstances, a slip in stich aplace was no trifling matter; but with the object of his solicitude firmly fixed on his head, what wonder that his safety was doubly jeopar dised? Be that as it may, the fact remains that lie stumbled upon the slippery plat form, and the pot slipjuing over his nose, enveloped his entire head! Practically blind, he was now less capable than ever of recovering his footing; and his attempts to do so ended in my worthy relative tumbling head fret into the mill pond. Thus was he brought literally face to face with an ignominious death, nio better than that of the vilest cur which leaves the world with a stone tied to its neck. But the dark est hour is riot unfrequently the hour of deliverance. It proved so here. The at tention of Joe, the miller's man, had been attracted to my uncle before he reached the dam, by the strange head-gear worn by my relative. The unsteady gait, the slip, the fall, the plunge, were all observed; and having reached the pond as qiickly as possible, Joe succeeded, after considerable difiiculty, in extricating my uncle from his perilous position. Whenever the old gentleman related the story to his friends he moralised here on the vanity of human wishes. " Yes, nephy," he would say, turning to me, " that was the crisis in my history, not merely as regards the unexpected extension of my existence, but more particularly with reference to the folly which was the outcome of the mania which had seized me. I never felt how use less my life had been till death stared me in the face under such ignominious sur roundings. iMy punishment appeared to me as complete as it was deserved. Drown ing seemed only the secondary cause of my death, the real cause being the ruling passion which had prompted me to possess the pot. The idea of dying with my head in such a position, humiliating though it was, bore no comparison to my thoughts as I felt the air rise in bubbles from the pot in solemn mockery of my life, and thought how, in breaking upon the surface, they wrote my epitaph, ' Emptiness:" Having rescuedmy uncle, Joe carried him to the house of the miller, where he removed the wet garments,placed him in bedbetween the blankets, and applied those means for his restoration generally resorted to in cases of suspended animation. It was fortu nate that Joe was familiar with the treat ment, as hlie was the only person on the.pre mises, and the nearest house was fully half a mile distant. lie persevered in his efforts and ere long was rewarded by returning consciousness. But the pot, the terrible pot, still canopied my uncle's head in spite of every endeavour to remove it. "The nose was the cause you see," the old gentle man would say, playfully tapping that pro tuberant organ with his finger, "and appeared to be little short of a bolt, which detied the removal of that ungraceful head gear." N"ow, of all places, the mill was perhaps the last which my uncle would have cared to visit under the circumstances. Hie could not endure the thought that the miller's wife, his old sweetheart, should witness such a spectacle, and was really distressed at the idea that her eyes might even now be resting on his misfortune. The old pot refused t'lat assurance to him which his eyes would have supplied, and so he had to rest content with the repeated avowal of his benefactor Joe:-" Keep yer mind aisy; the maister and his wife and the whole lot of 'em be gone to the fair. But don't ye be afeardon the missus. She be mighty kind and'udhelp ye heaps if she was here. And now ye be safe and a-comin' round a bit I can't help a-laughin' just a little bit. I zeed ye go in headrurmost, right down like, and yer legs a-kickin' up zummat like the ducks when they go a-divin' after what 'em can catch in the pond. Then there's that there pot aboutyer head. La I never zeed such a nihtcap in all my born days. Don't think I m a-makin' fun on ye, but I've a-tried to get'n off, and 'er won't come, least-ays without a piece o' yer nose, and I reckon you don't want to spare a slice o' that." With these and such like speeches Joe enlivened his patient, introducing paren thletically such hearty bursts of laughter that my uncle speedily recovered himself, but his increasing strength only inteinsified his desire. to get clear away before the miller and his wife returned. As a first step in this direction he emerged 'from the blankets in which,barring his head, he had been enveloped, and with the assistance of Joe as his valet, hIe dressed in the garments which that worthy supplied. There was nothing remarkable about these, with the exception of a smock-frock of snowy white ness, which extended to my uncle's feet, and played a not unimportant part in the sequel of the story. But here arose a difficulty. Joe being left in charge of the premises could not leave until his master's return., Every argument which his ingenuity supplied to detain his patient, and everyprotest against my uncle's injustice in believing the miller's wife capable of aught but sympathy, fell upon my uncle's ears "like water on a duckl's back." Finding that he could place the pot in a position which enabled huimn to see his feet, and consequently the path bit by bit along which hlie had to travel, beides being ab!e to raise tl!he plngy apparatus sl \- .: ':, cientl- to enable him td'rieatht ; arid seeing that Joe could not tccpnipany liri at. d. guide and protector, lide teisdified to makd the attempt to reach tlih villagi alone: Being naturally anxious to avoid, as far as possible, the public gaze, all thought of taking the turnpike-road was abandoned, though he need not have been under such apprehension, for nwho- amongst the many returning from the fair would be likely to recognise in that strange figure Farmer Bloomfield of Stanley Court ? Indeed his objection to this route might have been over'come but for his dread of meeting the miller and his wife, who, so he thou tli t;mIht pssibly recognise the garb feel unipleasanitly inquisitive about the in dividtal J Ithini it; Yet it talk of three miles throdglh iiieidodiw' and across a Com mon after sevdeii o'cldck ca a Spptember evening, Under such circdmstaicess,appdlcred well ng?s pdotsible fdr's blind man. Any thing, howbvr, rippetred prefdrable td the disclosure h'i so much dreaded, and so, trusting to his circumscribed vision, he departed with slow and steady steps along the old familiar pith, deter;mined, by a happy thought, to make his way to the village blacksmith, whose ingenuity lie had no doubt would speedily remove the en cumbrance. The keenest foresight is, however, unable to anticipate the circumstances which may befall its. For some time all went well, and the dantlquicry s progress thiougl slow, was sure. Dut what itLh t?ie sultriness of the evesirig; the defective ventilation inside the pot, Slld the weight of that at other times useful article, my uniicle iias compelled to sink td.thd gidin.iii ia faint, jiust as he had reached a shalidw lbrooi, oyei which he had to piass; diid fhei? lib, lay until conscidous ness returned. How long he had been in this position he did not know, but he soon became painfully au-aidof the fact that the shades of night lihad closed around him. Nor was his anxiety diminished as a thun der-storm burst over his head. Heavy cloisds overspread the sky, and deepened the dark ness; so that when my uncle rosh to his feet, lie found the path completely hidden from his view. In so helpless a condition, what wonder that lie wandered froni the familiar track I To add to his discomfort, the rain came down in torrenits; whilst the liahtning, dfashitg Siroup:d him, filled him witll a new terrUr. Still lid cdrikinued to trudge his weary wu ; aiid rt, lenIgthl to his intense delight, hi heard the fait tiltt -welcocme sounds whlich ci'ni?i from the anvil of the village.blaiCsmith. Sweeter music he hald never he-id. lie lisetened intently to the sound as it vais wafted across the gloomy common, and with his ears as a pilot, walked on, cheered by the fact that every step brought him nearer to the man who wodul remove the load from his head - and heart. He had not proceeded far in the direction of the smithy, when lie became aware of the approach of a man, and in the snatches of song which fell upon the darkness, he recognised a familiar voice. It was the village schoolmaster, who, being fully occu pied liy daty inl leceping other people's spirits down, r'sblvGd .thla iis cCenings should be spent in keepiig hisa twn spirits lip, wliiih he siucceeded tolerably i-el in doing at the cldb whici met nightly at the village inn. A ldad of anxiety fell from niy uncle's heart as the schloolmasterapprbacle&d; him. But, alas I the relief was onljy momen tary. Whether the darkness hid my uncle from his sight, orwhether lie was so occu pied with his thoughts asto be unconscious of such a person's presence, we need not stop to inquire. A vivid flash of lightning for an instant lit up the scene w-lien they were but a few yards apart, revealing my uncle shrouded in garments of snowy white ness. The song suddenly ceased; a shriek rent the air, and the tremulous voice of my belated relative, intended to remove the schoolmaster's fear, served only to quicken his flight across the common to tihe village inn, which he had left only half an hour before. With a face ghastly pale, with drops of perspiration like peas standing on his forehead, and trembling and gasping for breath, lie threw himself into a chair, per fectly overcome and speechless. In the hands of the landlady he recovered in a few minutes sulficiently to explain the cause of his terror. Ile had witnessed that night, he said, such a sight as never before met his eyes. In passing the spot on the common where, ih the remembrance .of most of his hearers, a murdered man had been found a spot he confessed he never passed at night without nervous excitement-just as lhe had commenced a song, by way of diminishing the loneliness of his situation, a horrid being stood befdre him. It was clad in white, but had a head as black as night, from tho.top of which projected two short horns. It was impossrble to be mistaken. A flash of lightning revealed all this too plainly, and seemed for an instant to dance around the head of the Satanic spectre. Besides this a voice, sepulchral in its tones, plainly called him by name. Surely the evidence of two of his senses could not be rejected. His associates at the inn gave a ready ear to the statement, and after partalking of some Dutch courage, at the earnest request of the schoolmaster, they consented to accompany him across the common to his home. Amongst them was Joe, who, on the return of the miller, had walked to Stanley Court by the road, professedly to bring my uncle's clothes, but in reality from a feeling of anxiety about his safety, Finding he had not returned Joe started off in search of the ivanderer, and on his way stepped into the village inn just in time to hear the school master's account of the ghost on the com mon. lIe might easily have removed the schoolmaster's fears, but being of a frolic some turn; and wishing to test the courage of his bodyguard, he remained silent and followed them unobserved when they left the inn. IMeanwhile the ringinr sounds from the anvil had guided the exhausted wanderer, and before the party from the inn lhad pro ceeded far thie supposed ghost was encoun tered. Dutch courage proved unequal to the slhock, and Joe lhand the satisfaction of seeing them scamper away as fast as their legs could carry them, each one doubtless as much overcome as had been the school master when he sank speechless into a chair but a few minutes before. The faithful Joe, lhown-ever, was soon at my uncle's side, and under his guidance the smithy was reached. A consultation now took place as to the best means of effecting a release; and nothing appeared so practs cable as to place the pot on the anvil and with a sharp blow from a hlammer to shatter it into fragments. A hazardous proceeding, but desperate ills require despe rate remedies. Itwas therefore not without forebodings of evil that my uncle, supported by Joe, placed the pot as directed. Down came the blow; and my uncle stood erect, a happier and a wiser man. The kind hearted and faithful Joe lived long in my uncle's service as farm bailiff, and never wanted a friend as long as the old gentle man lived; and, in repeating these extra ordinary proceedings to eager listeners, he would assure them that" he never zeed sich a nut afore, nor sich a kernel." 