B E A T R I C E . BY RIDER HAGGARD. (Author of "King Solomon's Mines," "She," &c.;) CHAPTER XVII. GEOFFREY WINS HIS CASE. Before 10 o'clock on the following; morning, having already spent two hours over his briet, which he had now thoroughly mastered, Geoffrey was at his chambers, which he had some difficulty in reaching owing to the thick fog that still hung over London, and indeed all England. To his surprise nothing had been hoard either of the Attorney-General or of Mr. Candleton. The solicitors were in despair; but he consoled them by saying that one or the other was sure to turn up in time, and that a few words would suffice to explain the additional light which had been thrown on the case. He occupied his half hour, however, in making a few- rough notes to guide him in the altogether improbable event of his being called on to open, and then went into court. The case was first on the list, and there were a good many counsel engaged on the other side. Just as the judge took his seat, the solicitor, with an expression of dismay, handed Geoffrey a telegram which had that moment arrived from Mr. Candleton. It was dated from Calais on the previous night, and ran, " Am unable to cross on account of thick You had better get somebody else in Parsons and Douse." " And we haven't got another brief prepared," said the agonized solicitor. " What is more, I can bear nothing of the Attorney-General, and his clerk does not seem to know where he is. You must ask for an adjournment, Mr. Bingham; you can't manage the case alone." " Very well," said Geoffrey, and on the case being called he rose and stated the circumstances to the court. But the court was crusty. It had got the fog down its learned throat, and altogether it didn't seem to see it. Moreover the other side, marking its advantage, objected strongly. The witnesses, brought at great expense, were there; his Lordship was there, the jury was there; if this case was not taken there was no other with which they could go on, &c.; f &c.; The court took the same view, and lectured Geoffrey severely. Every counsel in a case, the court remembered, when it was at the Bar, used to be able to open that case at a moment's notice, and though things had, it implied, no doubt deteriorated to a considerable extent since those palmy days, every counsel ought still to be prepared to do so on emergency. 01 course, however, if he, Geoffrey, told the court that he was absolutely unprepared to go on with the case, it would nave no option but to grant an adjournment. " I am perfectly prepared to go on with it, my lord," Geoffrey interposed calmly. " Very well," said the court in a mollified tone, " then go on! I have no doubt that the learned Attorney-General will arrive presently." Then, as is not unusual in a probate suit, followed an argument as to who should open it, the plaintiff or the defendant. Geoffrey claimed that this right clearly lay with him, and the opposing counsel raised no great objection, thinking that they would do well to leave the opening in the hands of a rather inexperienced man, who would very likely work his side more harm than good. So, somewhat to the horror of the solicitors, who thought with longing of the eloquence of the Attorney-General, and the unrivalled experience and finesse of Mr. Candleton, Geoffrey was called upon to open the case for the defendants, propounding the first will. He rose without fear or hesitation, and with but one prayer in his heart, that no untimely Attorney-General would put in an appearance. He had got his chance, the chance for which many able men have to wait long years, and he knew it, and meant to make the most of it. Naturally a bril liant speaker, Geoffrey was not, as so many good speakers are, subject to fits of nervousness, and he was, moreover, thoroughly master of his case. In five minutes judge jury, and counsel were all listening to him with attention; in ten they were absorbed in the lucid and succinct statement of the facts which he was unfolding to them. His ghost theory was at first received with a smile, but presently counsel on the other side ceased to smile and began to look uneasy. If he could prove what he said, there was an end to their case. When he had bsen speaking for about 40 minutes one of the opposing counsel interrupted him with some remark, and at that moment he noticed that the Attorney-General's clerk was talking to the solicitor beneath him. "Bother it, he is coming," thought But no, the solicitor bending forward informed him that the Attorney-General bad been unavoidably detained by 6ome important Government matter, and had returned his brief. "Well, we muse get on as we can," Geoffrey said. " If you continue like that we shall get on very well," whispered the solicitor, and then Geoffroy knew that he was doing well. " Yes, Mr. Bingham P said his Lordship. Then Geoffrey went on with his btatement. At lunch time it was a question whether another leader should be briefed. Geoffrey said that so far as he was concerned he could get on alone. He knew every point in the case, and he had got a friend to " take a note" for him while he was speaking. After some hesitation the solicitors decided not to brief fresh counsel at this stage of the case, but to leave it entirelv in his hands. It would be useless to follow the details of this remarkable will suit, which lasted two days, and attracted much attention. Geoffrey won it, and won it triumphantly. His address to the jury on the whole case was long remembered in the courts, rising as it did to a very high level of forensic eloquence. Few who saw it ever forgot the sight of his handsome face and commanding presence as he crushed the case of his opponents like an eggshell, and then *ith calm and overwhelming force denounced the woman who with her lover had concocted the cruel plot that robbed her uncle of life and her cousins of their property, till at the last, pointing towards her with outstretched hand, he branded her to the jury as a murderess. Few in that crowded court have Jorgotten the tragic scene that followed when the trembling woman, worn out by the long anxiety of the trial, and utterly unnerved by her accusers brilliant invective, rose from her seat and cried : « We did it—it is true that we did it to get the money, but we did not mean to frighten him to death," and then fell fainting to the ground—or Geoffrey Bingham's quiet words as he sat down: " My lord and gentleman ot the jury, I do not think it necessary to carry my case any lurther." There was no applause, the occasion was too dramatically solemn, but the impression made both upon the court and the outside public, to whom such a scene is peculiarly fitted to appeal, was deep and lasting. Geoffrey himself was under little delusion about the matter. He had no conceit in bis composition, but neither had he any false modesty. He merely accepted the situation as really powerful men do accept such events—with thankfulness, but without surprise. He had got hit chance at last, and like any other man, whatever his walk of life, he had risen to it. That was all. Most men get such chances in some shape or form, and are unable to avail themselves of them. Geoffrey was one of the exceptions; as Beatrice had said, he was born to succeed. As he sat down, he knew thai be was a made man. And yet while he walked home that night, his ears still full of the congratulations which had rained in on him from every quarter, he was conscious oj a certain pride. He will have felt as Geoffrey felt that night whose lot it has been to fight long and strenuously against circumstances so adverse aB to be almost overwhelming, knowing in his heart that he was born to lead and not to follow; and who at last by one mental effort, with no friendly hand to help, and no friendly voice to guide, has succeeded in bursting a road through the difficulties which hemmed him in, and has suddenly found himself, not above competition indeed, but still in a position to meet it. He will not have been too proud , of that endeavour; it will have seemed but a little thing to him—-a thing full of faults and imperfections, and falling far short of his ideal. He will not even have attached too great a weight to his success, because, if he is a person of this calibre, he must remember how small it is, when all is said and done; that even in his day there are those who can baat him on his own ground and also that all worldly success like the most perfect flower, yet bears in it the elements of decay. But he will have reflected with humble satisfaction on those long years of patient striving which have at length lifted him to an eminence whence he can climb on and on, scarcely encumbered by the jostling crowd; till at length, worn out, the times come for him to fall. So Geoffrey thought and felt. The thing was to be done, and he had done it. Honoria should have money now; she should no longer be able to taunt him with their poverty. Yes, and a belter thought still, Beatrice would be glad to hear of his little triumph. He reached home rather late. Honoria was goings out to dinner with a distinguished cousin, and was already dressing. Geoffrey had declined the invitation, which was a Bhort one, because he did not think that he would be back from chambers in time to avail himself of it. Tn his enthusiasm, however, he went to his wife's room to tell her of the event. " Well," she said, " what have vou been doing? I think that you might have arranged to come out with me. It does not look well my going out so much by myself. Oh, I forgot; of course you 3 are in that case." " Yes—that is, I was. I have won the T \ T \ B a ver J fair re P or t ot it in the St. James s Gazette if you care to read " Good heavens, Geoffrey; how can von dressing 1 ?" 40 ^ ^ 8tuff when 1 am T " I T D U N ' T expect , J™' Honoria; only as I say I have won the case, and I shall get S plenty of work now." "Will you? I am glad to hear if perhaps we shall be able* to escap froni this hornd flat if you do. There, Anne ! l i s r e S n ? , b , e n d i t >^eneme - J^Mais, milady, la robe va parfaite. " That is your opinion," grumbled Lady Honoria. \ " Well it isn't mine. But it will have to do. Good night, Geoffrey; I daresay that you will have gone to bed when I get back," and she was'gone; Geoffrey picked up his St James's Gazette with a sigh. He felt hurt, and knew that he was a fool for his pains. Lady Honoria was not a sympathetic person ; it was not fair to expect it from her. Still he felt hurt. He went upstairs and heard Effie say her prayers. " Where has you been, daddie ?—to the Smoky Town V The temple was euphemistically known to Effie as the Smoky Town. Yes, dear." " You go to the Smoky Town to make bi ead and butter, don't you, daddie V Yes, dear, to make bread and butter." " And did you make any, daddie ?" "Yes, Effie, a good deal to-day." "Then where is it ? In your pocket?" " No, love, not exactly. I won a big lawsuit to-day, and I shall get a great many pennies for it." " Oh," answered Effie meditatively, " I am glad that you did win, daddy. You do like to win, doesn't you, daddie dear ?" "Yes love." " Then I will give you a kiss, daddy, because you did win," and she suited the action to the word. Geoffrey went from the little room with a softened heart. He dressed and ate some dinner. Then he sat down and wrote a long letter to Beatrice, telling her about the trial, and not sparing her his reasons for adopting each particular tactic and line ot argument which conduced to the great result. And though his letter was four sheets in length, he knew that Beatrice would not be bored at having to read it. CHAPTER XVIII. THE RISING STAR. As might' be expected, the memorable case of Parsons and Douse proved the turning point in Geoffrey's career, which was thenceforward one of brilliant and Btartlingcucess. On the very next morning when he reached his chambers it was to find three heavy briefs awaiting him, and they proved to be but the heralds of an uninterrupted flow ot lucrative business. Of course, he waB not a Queen's Counsel, but now that his natural powers of advocacy had become generally known, solicitors frequently employed him alone or gave him another junior so that he might bring those powers to bear upon juries. Now it was, too, that Geoffrey reaped the fruits ot the arduous legal work which he had followed without cessation from the time when he found himself thrown upon his own resources, and which had made a sound lawyer of him as well as «brilliant and effective advocate. Soon, even with his great capacity for work, he had us much business as he could attend to. When fortune giv?s good gifts, she generally -does so with a lavish hand. Thus it came to pass that, about three weeks after the trial of Parsons and Douse, Geoffrey's uncle, the solicitor, died, and to his surprise left him £20,000, " believing," he said in his will, which was dated three days before the testator's death," that this sum will assist him to rise to the head of his profession." Now that it had dawned upon her that her husband really, was a success, Honoria's manner towards him modified very considerably. She even became amiable, and once or twice almost affectionate. When Geoffrey told her of the £20,000 she was radiant. " Why, we shall be able to go back to Boltbn-6treet now," she said, " and as luck will have it, our old house is to let. I Baw a bill in the window yesterday." " Yes," he said, " you can go back as soon as you like." And can we keep a carriage ?" " No, not yet; I am doing well, but not well enough for that. Next year, if I live, you will be able to have a carriage. Don't begin to grumble, HonOria. I have got £150 to spate, and if you care to come round to a jeweller's you can spend it on what you like." " Oh, you delightful person !" said his wife. So they went round to the jeweller's, and Ladv Honoria bought ornaments to the value of £150, and carried them home and hung over them, as another class of woman might hang over her first-born child, admiring them with a tender ecstacy. Whenever he had a sum of money that he could afford to part with, Geoffrey would take her thusto a jeweller's or a dressmaker's and 6tand by coldly- while she bought things to its value. Lady Honoria was delighted. It never entered into her mind that in a sense he was taking a revenge upon her, and that every -fresh exhibition of her rejoicings over the good things thus provided added to his contempt for ber. Those were happy daysi for Lady Honoria ! She rejoiced in this return of wealth like a schoolboy at the coming of the holidays, or a half-frozen wanderer at the rising of the sun. She had been miserable, aB miserable as her nature admitted of, during all this night of poverty; now she was happy again, as she understood happiness. For Lady Honoria, bred, educated) civilized—what you will—out of the human passions, had replaced them by this idol worship of wealth, or rather of what wealth brings. It gave her a positive physical satisfaction; her beauty, which had begun to fade, came back to her; she looked five years younger. And all the wliile Geoffrey watched her with an evergrowing scorn. Once it broke out. The Bolton-street house bad been furnished; he had given her £1500 to do it, and with what things they already owned, she managed very well on that. They moved into it, and Honoria had Bet herself up with a sufficient supply of grand dresses and jewellery, suitable to ber recovered position. One day, however, it occurred to her that Effie was a child of remarkable beauty, who, if properly dressed, would look very nice in a drawing-room at tea time. So she ordered a lovely costume for ber—this deponent is not able to describe it, but it consisted largely of velvet and lace. Geoffrey heard nothing of this dress, but coming home rather early one afternoon—it wa6 on a Saturday—he found the child being shown off to a room full of visitors, and dressed in a strange and wonderful attire with whieh, .not unnaturally, she was vastly pleased. He said nothing at the time, but when,at length the dropping fire of callers had ceased, he asked who put Effie into that dress. "I did," said Lady Honoria, "and a pretty penny it has cost, I can tell you. But I can't have the child come down so poorly clothed; it does not look well." " Then she can stop npstairs," said Geoffrey, frowning. " What do you mean ?" atked his wife. "I mean that I will not have her decked out in those fine clothes. They are quite unsuitable for her age. There is plenty of time for her to take to vanity." " I really don't understand you, Geoffrey. Why should not the child be ^handsomely dressed?" " Why not! -Great heaven, Honoria, do you suppose that I want to see Effifc grow up like you, to lead a life of empty pleasure-seeking idleness, and make a god of luxury. I had rather see her"—-he was going to add, "dead first," but checked himself and said—"have to work for her living. Drera yourself up as much as you like, but leave the child alone." Lady Honoria was furious, but she was also a little frightened. She had never heard her husband speak quite like this before, and there was something underneath his words that she did not quite understand. Still less she did understand when on the Monday Geoffrey suddenly told her that he had £50 for her to spend as she liked; then acompanied her to a mantleshop, and stood patiently by, smiling coldly while she invested it in lace and embroideries. Honoria thought that he was making reparation for his sharp words, and so. he was, but to himself, and in another sense. Every time he gave her money in this fashion, Geoffrey felt like a man who has paid off-a debt of honour. She bad taunted him again and again with her poverty—the poverty she said that he had brought on her; for every taunt he would heap upon her all those things in which her soul delighted. He would glut her with wealth as, in her hour of victory, Queen Tomyris glutted dead Cyrus wfrh the blood of men. It was an odd way of taking a revenge, and one that suited Lady Honoria admirably; but though its victim felt no sting, it gave Geoffrey much secret relief. Also he was curious; he wished to see if there was any bottom to such a woman's desire for luxury, if it would not bring satiety with it. But Lady Honoria was a very bad subject for such an experiment. She never showed the least sign of being satiated either with fine things, with pleasures, or with social delights. They were her natural element, and he might as soon have expected a fish to weary of the water, or an eagle of the rushing air. The winter wore away and the spring came. One day, it was in April, Geoffrey, who was a moderate Liberal by persuasion, casually announced at dinner that he was going to stand for Parliament in the Unionist.interest. The representation of one of the few Metropolitan divisions which had a Home Ruler had fallen vacant. As it chanced he knew the head Unionist whip very well. They had been old friends since they were lads at school together, nud this gentleman, having heard Geoffrey make a brilliant speech in court, was suddenly struck with the idea that he was the very man to lead a forlorn hope. The upshot of it was that Geoffrey was asked if he would stand, and replied that he most have two days to think it over. What he really wanted the two days for was to enable him to write to Bea^ trice and receive an answer from her. He had ac almost superstitious faith in her judgment, and did not liks to act without it. After carefully weighing the pros and cons his own view was that he would do well to stand. Probably he would be defeated, and it might cost £500. On the other hand it would certainly make his name known as a politician, and ho was now in a fair way to earn so large an income that he could well afford to risk the money. The only objection which he saw was that if he happened to get in it must mean that he wonld have to work all day and all night, Well, he was strong, and the more work he did the better—it kept him from thinking. In due course Beatrice's answer came. Her view coincided with his own; she recommended him to take the opportunity, and pointed out that with his growing legal reputation there was no office in the State to which he might not aspire, when he had once proved himself a capable member of Parliament. Geoffrey read the letter through ; then immediately sat down and wrote to his friend the whip, accepting the suggestion of the Government. The next fortnight was a hard one for him, but Geoffrey was as good a man on the platform as in court, and he had, more over, the very valuable knack of suiting himself to his audience. As his canvass went on it was generally recognised that the seat which had been considered hopeless was now doubtfnl. A great amount of public interest was concentrated on the election, both upon the Unionist and the Separatist side, each claiming that the result of the poll would show to their advantage. The Home Rule party strained every nerve against him, being most anxious to show that the free and independent electors of this single division, and thereforeof the country atlarge, held theGoverninent policy in particular horror. Letters were obtained from great authorities and freely printed. Irish members, fresh from gaol; were brought down to detail their grievances. It was even suggested that one ot them should appear on the platform in prison garb—in short, every electioneering engine known to political science was brought to bear to forward the fortunes of either side. As time went on Lady Honoria, who at first had been somewhat indifferent, grew quite excited about the result. For one thing she found that the contest attached an importance to herself in the eyes of the truly great, which was not without its charm. On the day of the poll she drove about all day under a bright blue parasol in an open carriage, having Effie (who became rather bored) by her side, and two lords on the first seat. As a consequence the result wrs universally declared by a certain section of the press to be entirely due to the efforts of unprincipled but titled and lovely women. It was even said that, like another lady of rank in a past generation, she kissed a butcher in order to win his vote. But those who made the remark did not know Lady Honoria; she was incapable of kissing a butcher, or indeed anybody else. Her inclination did not lie in that direction. In the end Geoffrey waa returned by a magnificent majority of 10 votes, reduced on a scrutiny to seven. He took his 6eat in the House on the following night in the midst of loud Unionist cheering. During the coarse of the evening's delTate one of the members of the Government made allusion to his return as a proof of the triumph of Unionist principles. Thereupon a very leading member of the Separatist opposition retorted that it was nothing or the sort, " that it was a matter of common j notoriety that the honorable metnbers's return was owing to the unusual and most uncommon ability displayed by him in the course of his canvass, aided as it was by artfully applied aristocrat feminine influence." This was a delicate allusion to Honoria and her blue parasol. As Geoffrey and his wife were driving back to Bolton-street after the delaration of the poll, a little incident occurred. Geoffrey told the coachman to stop at the first telegraph office, and, getting out of the carriage, wired to Beatrice, " In by ten votes." " Who have you been telegraphing to, Geoffrey ?" asked Lady Honoria. " I telegraphed to Miss Gaanger," he answered. " Ah ! So you still keep up a correspondence with that pupil teacher girl." " Yes, I do. I wish that I had a few more such correspondents." " Indeed. You are easy to please. I thought her one of the most disagreeable young women whom I ever met." " Then it does not say much for your taste, Honoria." His wife made no further remark, but sho had her thoughts. Honoria possessed good points ; among others she was not a jealous person; she was too cold and to indifferent to be jealoas. But she did not like the idea of another women obtaining an influence over her husband, who, as she now began tc recognise, was one of the most brilliant men of his day, and who might well become one of the mest wealthy and powerful. Clearly he existed for her benefit, cot for that of any other woman. She was no fool, and she saw that a considerable intimacy must exist between the two. Otherwise he would not have thought of telegraphing to Beatrice at such a moment. Within a week of his election Geoffrey made a speech. It was not a very long speech, nor was it upon any very important issue; but it was exceedingly good of its kind, so good that it was reported verbatim, and those listening to it recognised that they had to deal with a new man who would one day be a very big man. There is no place where an able person finds his level quicker than in the House of Commons, composed as it is for the most part of more or less wealthy or frantic mediocrity; he was an exceedingly able and powerful man, and this fact the House quickly recognised. For the next few months Geoffrey worked as men rarely work. All day he was at his chambers or in court, anci at night he sat in the House getting up his briefs when he could. But he always did get them up; no solicitors had to complain that the interest of their clients were ne~ glected by him ; also ho still found time to write to Beatrice. For the rest he went out but little, and except in the way of business associated with very few. Indeed he grew more and more silent and reserved, till at last he won the reputation of being cold and hard. Not that he was really so. He threw himself head and soul into his work with a fixed determination to reach the top of the tree. He knew that he should not care very much about it when he got there, but he enjoyed the struggle. Geoffrey was not a truly ambitious man ; he was no mere self-seeker. He knew the folly of ambition too well, and its end w&s; always clearly before his eyes. He oiten thought to himself that if he could have chosen his lot, he would have asked for a cottage with a garden, £500 a year and some- body to care for. But perhaps he would coon have wearied of his cottage. He worked to stifle thought, and to some ex' tent he succeeded. But he was at bottom an affectionate-natured man, and he would not stifle the longing for sympathy, which was his secret weakness, though his pride wou'.d never allow him to show it. What did he care for his triumphs, when he had nobody with whom to share them ? All he could share were their fruits, and these he gave away freely enough, It was but little that Geoffrey spent upon his own gratification. A certain share of his gains he put by, the rest went in expenses. The house in Bolton-6tieet was a very gay place in those days, but its master took but little part in its gaieties. And what was the fact ? The longer he remained separated from Beatrice the more intensely did he long for ber society. It was of no use; try as he would, he could not put that sweet face from his mind. It drew him as the magnet draws a needle. Success did not bring him happiness, except in the sense that it relieved him from money cares. People of corse temperament only can find real satisfaction in the worldl\ triumphs, and eat, drink and be merry, for r to-morrow they die ! Men like Geoffrey soon learn that this also is vanity. On the contrary, and his mind grew more and more wearied with the strain of work, melancholy took aa ever stronger hold of it. Had he gone to a doctor he might have been told that bis liver was out of order, which was very likely true. But this would not mend matters. " What a world," he might have cried, What a world to live in when all a man's happiness depends npon his liver!" He contracted an accursed habit of looking on the black side of thing6; trouble always caught his eye. It was no wonderful case. Men of large mind are very rarely happy men. It is your little animal-minded individual who can be happy. Thus women, who reflect less, are as a class much happier and more contented than men. But tbe large-minded man sees too far, and guesses too much of what be cannot see. He looks forward, and note tbe dusty end of his laborious days; he looks around and shudders at tbe unceasing misery of a coarsc stiuggling world; the sight ol tbe pitiful beggar babe craving bread on tottering feat pierces bis heart. lie cannot console himself with a reflection tbst the cbild bad no buisnpss to be born, or that if be denuded himself of his last pound be would not materially help the class which bred it. And above tbe garish lights of earthly joys and tbe dim reek of earthly wretchedness, he sees the solemn firmament that veils bis race's destiny. For such a man, in such a mood, even religion has terrors as well as hopes, and while tbe gloom gathers about bis mind these are with him more and more. Whan lies beyond that arching mystery to whose horizon be daily draws more close—whose doors may even now be opening for him ? A hundred voices answered, but no two ugree. A hundred hands point out a hnndred roads to knowledge—they are lost half way. Only the cold spiritual firmament, unlit by any guiding stars, unbrightened by the golden flood of human day, and unshadowed by the veils of human night, 6till bends above bis head in awful changelessness, and still his weary feeet draw closer to the portals of the west. It is very sad and wrong, but it is not altogether his fault; it is "ether a fault of the age, of over-education, of over striving to be wise. Cultivate of searching spirit and it will grow and rend you, shaking its tenement as with earthquake shocks. The spirit would soar, it would eee, but the flesh weighs it down, and in all flesh there is little light. Yet, at times, brooding on some unnatural height ct Thought its eyes seem to be opened, and it catches gleams of terrifying days to come, or perchance discerns the hopeless gates of an immeasurable night. Oh, for that simpler faith which ever recedes more far from the ken ot the cultivated, questioning mind. There alone can peace be found, and for the foolish who discard it, setting up man's wisdom as a sign, soon the human lot will be one long fear. Grown scientific and weary with the weight of knowledge, they will reject their ancient Gods, and no 6mug-faced Positivism will bring them consolation. Science, here and there illumining the gloom of destiny with its poor electric lights, cries out that they are guiding stars. But there are no stars, and they will flare away. Let us pray for darkness, more darkness, lest to our bewildered sight thev do but serve to show that which shall murder Hope. So think Geoffrey and his kin, and in their unexpressed dismay turn, seeking refuge from their physical and spiritual loneliness, but for the most part finding none. Nature, still strong in them, points to tbe dear fellowship of woman, and they make tbe venture to find a mate, not s companion. But as it chanced in Geoffrey's case he did find such a companion in Beatrice, after he had, by marriage, built up an impassable wall between them. And yet he longed for her society with an intensity that alarmed him. He bad her letters indeed, but what are letters! One touch of a beloved hand is worth 1000 letters. In tbe midst of bis great success Geoffrey was wretched at heart, yet it seemed to him that if he once more could have Beatrice at his side, though only as a friend, he would find rest and Lappiness. When a man's heart is thus set upon an object, his reason is soon convinced ot its innocence, even of its desirability, and a kindly fate will generally contrive to give him the opportunity of ruin which he so ardently desires. (To be continued.) " PjysiciinB cf mil schools ore and recommend Dr. Sonle's American Hoi Bitters. Test them."—fADVT.J 