Metropolitan Mixtures. by THE FAItCEUIt. Parliament is in full blast once more, but no to tlio present date nothing sensational iu tUe way of figlitiug lias been done, louug Frank Farnell claims tho first knock down ; lm having defeated the Government by 8 toles oSis Abolilioii of Tolls M.M seems to bave expected that the Ministry would collapse on tbo spot after tins, as six Ministers were amongst the slain, but it will take a stouter knight than the Central Cumberland champion to bring ^about the downfall of Parkes, even though SirChailcs Dilke may liave been' correct in tho now suppressed statement which said, "Tlio nolicv of tho Parkes' party is cheek, and its consistency,is_ that of sand." There is . a deal of cunning about that party, also, of which Sir Charles seems to bave been ig norant, and it is safo to say that it will not rcsitrn tlio spoils of office -without a roost do-, termined struggle. However, Mr. Farnell. deserves a cheer for his victory. Tolls are a dernecl nuisauce, anyway ; especially/ when they occurr just as a man has got his hi^h-stepping (.trotter into full swing (and more especially when ho doesu'i happen to hold the necessary small: change) so let us pelts up our hats for Young Franks maiden win. * " # # # < While it was safe to do so': tlio/'. good and ! pure Government" was never, tired of, tell-, inrr us that they were only too willing to ; ioin with the Opposition on the all important question of Free-trade v. Protection; in fact Treasurer McMillan: positively promised : that the revision of tho Customs Tariff, and \- that of direct taxation would bo amongst tho first subjects tackled this Session. In : spite of all this, however; these matters were not even hinted at in the opening speech put: in to the mouth of " our trusty and beloved Carrington,''although that speech was as; ?long and dry as lawyer's bill for a big disputed; will case... Everything else under the sun, from leprosy up to Australian Federation; received special mention, but tho fiscal policy of the Government was shunted in a; decidedly significant manner. The bold front shown by the Government at tlio' opening of tho 'last Session ^as altogether: absent this time.: 'Throe years ago tho .doughty champions in office., declared their ; intention of planting the Free-trade stand ard on every hustings in the colonybut ;all they seem anxious to donow is to plant themselves in their official seats as firmly as they can, and let our fiscal matters right themselves. Tho strangest' part of this business is .that the Opposition does not ap pear inclined to force tho fighting either ; Mr. Dibbs apparently distrusting the fidel ity of some of his foilowors ;: and not with out reason either,, for £800: a year, is not so easily picked up just at vpresent. Both, sidos are iu:.straitened-..positions^--:and the situation may be summed up in the schools boy's declaration that " one feller is frigh tened and tlio other isn't game.": . * # * Treasurer McMillan tried on a little gamo of bluff, but it. was a shade too; thin for- the: present inclement weather, and the"' House saw through it afc a glance. ." I have an amendment to make," said:the canny; Scot; " which, I have no doubt, wiU'be particul arly pleasing to my friends on tho-other side, and that is,' that1- the "surplus for the first four . months of the' present year amounts to £128,000." This, of course, was 'received with Ministerial cheers"; but there , were a deal of men of the doubtful Didymus type on the other side of the House; Tand they excitedly called upon tho Treasurer to put up his figures for -inspection; . Mr; McMillan was seemingly .too: dcaf in that ' ear to hear tliem, . however, and so the matter passed. Mr. McMillan did well to cock a deaf ear to the demands of the Oppositionists, for his figures were as false.as those -.of some of our own society ladies who patronise patent palpitating . bust . and such -like . fooleries. When propped evenby his own statements, Mr. McMillan's" boasted - surplus turns .out to bo decidedly shaky. On April Fool's Day (rather ominous date) the .Treasurer issued an official.return showing that the receipts for the March quarter amounted - to £1,941,065, and the' .expenditure. . to £1,870,210, the statement .thus. showing a paper surplus of £70,805. At the same.time however, Mr. McMillan carefully, forgot to mention that he had -not charged: against tho Consolidated Kevcnue the-full - amount payable on account of loans and debentures.. Iu round numbersthe sum is £450,000,.but. the amount paid was: only £178,152so. .that if tho proper proportion ofinterost for. the March quarter had been, paid 'the result would have been'i-at.deficit , of: £211,000.: This bursts up the Treasurers rosy surplus statement in ono act,- and goes far to prove the truth of -the - old adage that nothing can be' more .misleading than figures, except facts. . Mr. McMillan may be ablo to fooHhe-House, but he. will requife; to arise a little earlier from his-downy couch il he wishes to fool the Press. , | # # # As a refef to the dreary;part of the open ing%iisii/ess some of our lesser legislative lights provided a few bags of " cbaft " which; they sprinkled very liberally over eacliother.: A Mr. Lakeman, for instanue, dealt our gal-; laht Premier a nasty punch below tho belt by: declaring that there were two stages of life when a man went frantic", about .women. One was when ho -was- about' 25, and tlio othor when ho was about 75-but, continued Mr. L., " men will find that if they have to rub up against women at election times and jostle thom.for their votes they will soon lose their respect for the sex;'1 - . » * » Everyone laughed most consumedly rat this, and everyone also turned towards Sir Henry as they did so, as if they, thought the cap fitted hiin to a nicety. The fact of his 1 having recently .been made a proud Papa may have had something to do with this; especially if it is true that sonic one found under his official blotting pad a. froggie doggie ode beginning- . Ring out wild bolls-and tame ones too ; Ring out'the lover's moon : Ring in the little worsted socks ; Ring in the bib and spoon. Ring out the Muse ; ring in the nurse ; Ring in tne cup of sparkling joy, Away with cai-cs of politics, I've got a boy ! .I've got a boy 1 It isu't every one tliafc can claim-"the. honor of being a Pa at the ago of 79, however, so let us congratulate Sir . Henry, and hope that ho may rival Father Abraham and have another son when he becomes accntenarian. : # # * Mr. Jonathan Charles Billings Poekington Seaver-I think this is all. the title he claims at present-came forward in a dole ful humor, and delivered himself of a long. Jeremiad in which ho denounced the Govern ment, and declared it's history was a sombre record of broken promises and forgotten pledges. Nearly every Government - is treated to a dose like that, but as the Premier sharply pointed out, it came came particularly bad grace from Mr. Jonathan Charles &c.;, after the pitiful, stylo in which ho went back . on the Protectionist party last Session. . The splen did consistency of- Mr. Seavcr's inconsis 'tency was dwelt upon at some length,- and, altogether,: the man with many names had. a decidedly sick quarter of an hour of it; Sir Henry fairly knocking, liini out. by de claring that he did not want'tbo vole'of the Gloucester genius, and if he could not hold office without 'his support'ho would .not hold ?office at al'. ? This niude Jonathan Charles Billings Poekington Seaver very sad, and he filed out of the House- soon after with , tho subdued air of a.man . who had been nino days drowned at the bottom of our lovely harbor. The sparkling Harry Levien was in grand form, and: slogged about liim with all tho reckless vim of tho Donnybrook .man who felt in duty bound to belt^a baldrhend every time lie saw one. Mr. Myles McRae having --refused to " . pull.down his vest." when requested by Harry to do so, quite a lively " mill " occurred-between the pair, the Tamworth terror having all the better of it at the finish. After this he turned his unbiassed attention.to Parliament in general .and declared there woro '' men there who wbuld hit another below the boltand even: ?kick him when ho was down-all:for po]ui larity." Quite a number of Oppositionists shouted, " is it I, Harry; is it I ?" upon which Harry: flattened out- the lot by retort ing, !' yes, and:they came fronv this sido of the House: too;'' "Then a siloncovilwo feet thick fell on the House, broken only by sobs and sounds of Et tu brute- Harry ! .# * * Mr. Levien's reproach was sultry, but not altogether undeserved, and it somehow re calls tho story told of the late Baron Dowso of Dublin. It Beems there was an action once tried for damages in which the chief strength of the plaintiff's case was the un remitting kindness with which he had been treated by tho defendant after the accident of-which ho complained. Mr. Dowse, P.O., -was counsel^ for tho defence, and amongst other-things said : " There are a class of men .who, iftboy were wounded by tho road side, would bring an action: against the good Samaritan who succoured them, anp would put the oil and the wine and the twopence in evidence as an. admission of liability." That sentence - decided the action, and it would seem that, in Mr. Levien's' opinion, we have a few prime samples; of the sort: of man described by Baron Dowse out here.- - * # # \- Now that we are ^talking of extending.the franchise to women, it would? be a happy thought if we sat down in.' a- quiet"spot and. endeavoured to ascertain if<all the men who now enjoy that blessed privilego are deserv ing of it. Bitter experience. seems to say they aro not, and many instances can be proved in which men have been rounded up to vote without having the ghost of an idea as to what principles they were advocating. In spite of all,precautions wholesale bribery occurs at almost every election, either di rectly or indirectly, and votes are -bouglit tho same as turnips. Gur excellent ballot box system, however, makes tampering with the more intelligent of tho " free and inde pendent'' a somewhat risky game. This was,, tully proved during a recent northern elec tion where a certain labour employer drove 18 of his men t oplump for his favorite candi date, Every one of tho " baker's dozen " promised-faithfully to do so, after being proporly " wined up," and yet; when all the returns for that particular polling place were totted up it was discovered that' the candi date referred to had secured but seven votes altogether. Of course every man of the 18 swore.he went straight; but the boss was sot in the soup all the same. # # # This, by. the way, recalls tho story of two citizens who met ' (in>a foreign. land, of course), and having " damped the enemy,"i tho first man said '-' are you* goin'> to ? voto' for Schuffler this -time 9" " To be''sure I: am," roplied the second man: lie's our party's chosen ^candidate, and, of course, 1 '11-go for him right.out,". That's very-well,"' said - tho other, but . then he's - such a confounded rogue ; : lie's been through three fires and two insolvencies already; lie can lie like a cable correspondent, and he's mean enough to steal-' the pennies off tho eyelids of a corpse.',! ; ".I'm awaro of that,." was tho reply, '! but it does'nt affect the principle of the: thing at all. ,> Liko the flowers that bloom in tho spring, trr-la, it has nothing to do with tho case./ Schuffler will act as our party bids himwbqcause it will pay him best>to 'do so.v . Theifact of liis keeping.a lot of; supernumerary wives, ; rigging the share 'market/arid having done a1 spell'for forgery' -might? militate against his election as . a church elder; but . not as a member of Par liament. You surely don't want to send an archangel into the House do you ? If lie did get there he'd be so demoralised in a week that he'd pawn his: golden trombone for a gill o' rum in a. ginger beer bottle, so that you'd only spoil a good angel to make a deuced bad Irgislatoiv Schiiffler is just' the man for my money ; : he'll stick out for my interests, as they chime in with his, and so I'll vote for Schuffler even though he was an advance agent for Old Niclc himself." This is true ; and pity'tis true. 