MONDAY, A I/O (IST 11, 1890, Cable messages inform us from time to time of the progress which is being made in Great Britain with the important legislation regarding limited liability companies now before the Imperial Parliament In passing, it may be remarked that, while more enterprises are being placed upon a limited liability basis than ever in Great Britain, the feeling against the abuse of the principle is very strong In a recent discussion in the House of Commons Sir Itoji.ri fOWLER described the bill before it as a measure to " smash limited liability companies," and he declared that the contrast between the public opinion of to day and that of twenty years ago was something extraordinary Twenty years ago a popular Lord Mayor lost his re election for the city because he was hostile to limited liability, and to day a seat would be endangered by opposition to reform There is surely, however, nothing surprising in this The situation merely means that the public still accept the principle, but are determined to get rid of its gross abuse There are two measures under con- Federation in Great Britain The one introduced by Sir MICHAEL HICKS Recit would of itself effect a salutary revolution It refers to the winding up of limited liability companies and it provides that a judge in! officer of the Board of 'I trade shall report on the causes of a company s failure, and shall, if necessary, conduct an investigation into the formation of the company and the manner in which its operations have been conducted Any promoter, any a director, or any officer of the company may be called before the Court in order to drag its history into daylight, and the Court may order commissions to be returned or profits handed over, or it may direct that compensation shall be paid to persons who have been duped by either a prospectus or a balance sheet As this bill is a Ministerial measure, and as it has been approved of by the Standing Committee on Trade, there must be every prospect of it becoming law, and it will then demand serious consideration here. We are timid in our commercial legislation as a rule ; but, on the other hand, English precedent is valued, and properly, and for this particular law there is everything to be said. Had it been operative here during the recent feverish period of inflation, a good many companies, it may be shrewdly suspected, would have gone into liquidation when the collapse came, and the restora- tion of commissions and illegal profits by promoters and their tools would have been conducted on a wholesale scale. It need not be said that this community is more in need of a law to keep company promoters honest than other communities. but certainly we are a speculative people, and where speculation is, there the sharper is usually to be found also, and his most noxious form is that of the promoter. The second measure is that known as Mr. WARMINGTON'S bill, and to it we have already alluded as one which might be adopted here without delay. "This "bill," says The Times (June 19) is " the answer to the recent judgment of " the House of Lords in Peck v. Derry. "The House of Lords held that a director may, with safety to himself, " issue a prospectus containing untrue " statements, so long as he honestly " believes them to be true This is an " intolerable condition of the law, " especially if the burden of proving a " guilty knowledge is thrown upon the " shareholder who is suing for damages. " How can he probe the recesses of a director's mind, except by appealing to the misleading character of the " statement 1 But even if a misstate " mont is innocently made, principle " demands that a director who gets his " capital subscribed on the strength of " it should be responsible for its in " accuracy, unless he shows that he has " taken reasonable steps to verify it." As the bill left the House of Commons it provided that the statements in a prospectus should be held to be guaranteed by the directors and by every " person who has authorised or is " responsible for the issue " of the document, unless the director or the pro- motes proves " that he made reasonable " inquiry and examination into the " statements, and was fairly entitled to " believe in their accuracy." And in the defence time allowed, there would seem to be a sufficient protection to all honest promoters and directors. It can scarcely be alleged that directors' names should be given as vouchers for enterprises without due inquiry, and merely in return for sums paid by the vendors to the public. And if there has been due investigation, then the director, no matter how sudden and severe the collapse of the company, goes free. The House of Lords, however, is said to have interfered with and to have amended the further provision that the directors should be held responsible for the published passages from the reports of experts, engineers, and valuers unless they could show that these passages were fair extracts, and that the reports were made by persons who could fairly be assumed to be competent. This also seems to be no intolerable burden. We can say with The Times that " the " prospectus which consists of a num " ber of highly-coloured extracts culled " from professional reports is a familiar " friend." And it seems difficult to imagine why directors and promoters should not be held responsible for keeping back those parts of a report which would have enlightened the public and would have enabled the investor to grasp the situation when they can go free by publishing the document as a whole. No honest man would gamble a report in order to attract the believing many. And those who do gamble are fairly answerable for the consequences. Even if the House of Lords forces the hand of the House of Commons and of the Standing Committee on Trade, and compels some concession in this direction, it may be for us, with our special experience of manipulated reports, to adopt the original provision. TheoneargumentusedinGreatBritain against the two bills is that men of standing will be disinclined to take the position of directors if the conditions of office are made too stringent. But if men of position are only to be used as decoy ducks, the best thing that can happen is that they should no longer appear on the scene. And it may be further replied that there is nothing whatever in the two measures that need disconcortoralarmthe honostcitizen who gives his support to any honest venture. We endorse the opinion of our London contemporary that " the " only persons likely to resent very " much the proposed change will be " those who have been led to believe " that somehow or other the Companies " Acts absolve people within certain " limits from observing the ordinary " rules of morality, and that limited " means limited capital, limited veracity, " limited honesty, limited diligence, " and limited good faith." The Ministry of South Australia now occupies a peculiar position, and if the politicians of the other colonies are not too busy with problems of their own, they will doubtless be interested in seeing" how long it can be kept in office for the express purpose of doing nothing The House of assembly is unwilling to upset the Government, and is at the same time resolved to accept none of its proposals For some reason a nominal-afiguiehcad- Premier seems to be wanted, and Dr Cox K BURN, who is personally amiable and politically futile, suits the requirements exactly During the two months that Parliament has been in session few measures have been introduced by the Government, and none at least not one of any consequence, has been adopted As a matter of fact, the most important measure on the program has already been rejected by a decisive majority of the House At the last general election Dr COCKBURN advocated a progressive land tax as the most important item in his policy, but the progressive land tax has been summarily thrown out after a very brief debate, in which the Premier hardly took any trouble to defend it. There are no parties, however, in South Australians Mr HKM v GEOI GI- has been recently pointing out, and Dr COCKBUI v does not feel called upon to stake the late of his Cabinet on such an insignificant matter as the principal proposal of an electioneering manifesto This may prove to be a patriotic attitude Jt mu j be that a hann less Premier, who has very little control over the Legislature, is better than a leader who could command a majority for any scheme that he might suggest As long as Parliament does nothing in particular and does it with that excellent good nature which is shown in Adelaide, the people of the colony will have an opportunity of setting about their own business without any fear of unnecessary and unjust legislative restrictions. The quick rejection of the progressive land tax by the South Australian Assembly may be taken as an example of the spirit in which such facts as those that are derived' by Dr. COCKBURN from the cursory reading of magazine articles will be met. The tax, which was intended to range from 6d to 3d. in every pound of the capital value of estates which were estimated to be worth £5,000 or more, could only be carried by appealing to a selfish prejudice and an ignorant sentiment. In proposing it, the Treasurer, Mr. HOLDEN, attempted to cajole the House into agreeing with him by declaring that there are only 716 landowners in South Australia who would come under this new impost, and by promising remissions in the Customs duties which would relieve the burden borne by the other 40,000 taxpayers of the colony. There was evidently no necessity for raising additional revenue. It was not because of any deficiency in the public finances that the progressive land tax was proposed, for the amount needed from this source was to be balanced by reducing other duties, which are now included in the tariff. But why, as Mr. PLAYFORD asked trenchantly, should the man who is doing his best to use the land, and is stock- ing it with herds of cattle and flocks of sheep, be heavily taxed, while the speculator, who lets the land The unused, and who is waiting until by the increase of population he can get a larger price for it, escapes scot free 1 Or is there any justice in levying a special tax upon a landowner, whose possessions may be mortgaged to the husband who has to contend against seasons of drought, while the capitalist, whose wealth takes the unencumbered and safe form of bank shares or gas shares, is left untouched ? To such questions there can be but one answer-the progressive land tax is a class tax of the worst description. It would impose a duty when there is no necessity for it it would tax one form of wealth and reduce the responsibilities of all other forms ; it would be levied on the capital value of a property quite irrespective of the fact that the income might be absorbed in mortgages or destroyed by droughts. It would be aimed at a small number of men whose only crime is that they have bought and used lands which the original holders sold because they were unable to make a living on them. But it was further urged by the Government, anxious to appeal to an irrational and incoherent sentiment, that such" a tax would reach absentees. It seems that many shares in a large South Australian land company are held in England, and the members of the Cockburn Ministry are vir- tuously indignant at the fact that the English shareholders are receiving a larger interest than they could obtain from investments at home. They are filled with grief and anger at the bare idea that an English investor can get 6 per cent, by buying shares in a large pastoral concern, and they argue that half of his profits should be taken away by taxation. The argument is so ridiculous and childish that one is amazed to hearitfromaresponsible politicians. Why should the landowners of South Australia be taxed because there are a few absentees? And why, in the name of common sense, should a South Australian Government deliberately try to discourage the English investor from sending his money to help the enterprises of that colony South Australia is not a land so favoured by nature that it can afford to do without capital and without improvements. Nor has it reached such a stage of development that it can afford to quarantine every capitalist who visits its shores and send him back again by the first steamer. We should imagine that it required to divert some of that surplus wealth which flow to countries like Guatemala and the Argentine Pie public; and there could be no safer way than that of allowing individuals to invest at their own risk instead of borrowing at the expense of the state. It is certain, however, that no man will risk a shilling in South Australian land if he is told that he will receive no more interest than he can get without risk in London. But such considerations have not yet occurred to Dr. COCKBURN. He may begin to think of them now that his proposals have been swept away by the common sense of Parliament. The Cockburn Ministry, however, has a Spartan character, for it is not affected by defeat. Another important matter that it treats with the utmost nonchalance is what is known in South Australia as the Barrier policy. An agreement has been proposed for a term of years between the Silverton Tram way Company and the Barrier mining companies on the one hand, and the Government on the other, with the object of reducing the railway freights and securing for Adelaide the whole trade of the silver fields. But this arrangement has been challenged, and Dr. COCKBURN contrives to stave off any detailed explanation of it in such a way that he is evidently doubtful of finding a majority in its favour. Parliament is entitled to ask a few questions before it gives its sanction to a scheme which would greatly reduce the freights upon the railways from the Barrier district. In the first place it is not likely that New South Wales will construct a railway to the Barrier for two or three years, and during that time the trade of the district must flow to Adelaide, whatever the freights may be. In the second place, if no private agreement is made with the companies, the South Australian Government will be able to negotiate directly with that of New South Wales. Fortunately, the very weakness of the Government will ensure a full discussion on these points, each member being free to advocate his own opinions. The visit of Sir CHARLES and Lady HALLE to Australia stimulates thought on many subjects pertaining to music, and particularly on the cultivation of the art in this part of the world. It | suggests, for instance, that we should admire the wonderful principle which perpetuates the inspirations of great composers. The masterpieces of the ages would be as nought were it not for masterly interpretation, but it has been provided that what is great in one eye shall be great for all time. BACH and Sons and BEETHOVEN live again when accomplished players tender their works in such a way as to prove themselves gifted with the keen perception and artistic temperament necessary to the comprehension of a grand idea and facility to express the conception what it has been gained. This applies to music more than to any other art. The noblest paintings ever known endure of themselves and SHAKESPEARE and MILTON will survive as long as there is language. But in music it is essential to continuity that each generation shall contain interpreters endowed with the special ability to preserve all that is best in composition, to ensure immortality to rich and grand works " born to immortality." In Sir CHARLES and Lady HALLE it has been a privilege to recognise artists who are bearing a part in the fulfilment of this design. And their visit also possesses an importance from the fact that it assists us to gauge the progress we have made in the divine art. Sir CHARLES has expressed surprise at finding that the taste for classical music has developed so greatly. He was prepared to meet a demand for what has been misnamed popular music, but that portion of his repertoire has remained locked. We have out- grown the time when excellence in a pianist was measured by the depth of feeling manifested in the rendering of " At Maiden's Prayer," or in the volume of sound produced in the performance of "The Battle of Prague,'' even at risk to the piano. The higher education of both men and women in music has raised the standard, and Sir CHARLES and Lady HALLE have found that the Australian audiences take rank in the matter of taste and judgment with the more favoured audiences of England. It has been fortunate, too, that we have had the advantage of Sir CHARLES HALLE'S advice on two important questions in relation to music in Victoria, the present position and the future of the Victorian Orchestra, and the establishment of a chair of music in connection with the University. The Victorian Orchestra em- bodies the aspirations of the lovers of music, and is national in character. Its first year has closed, but not without gloomy forebodings as to what will be the position at the end of another 12 months. It is literally on its trial, and the governing committee and the subscribers must soon determine what is to be, its future. Sir CHARLES HALLE has dealt with the subject in an interview in which he very properly justified the offering of his opinion by referring to his experience as the organiser and conductor of one of the largest permanent orchestras in England. Certainly his suggestions were the more valuable because they were based upon such firm ground. Primarily he is in favour of almost doubling the strength of the band, and the very boldness of the proposal assures for it serious consideration. It is necessary to make a good impression in connection with orchestral concerts, and Sir CHARLES HALLE'S experience has convinced him that success is more likely to be gained by challenging attention in an enterprising manner than by. being half- hearted. Certainly a band of 30 performers would meet the requirements of the most enthusiastic, and would arouse an interest in the concerts which might otherwise never be awakened. The organisation requires expansion terri torially, and Sir CHARLES HALLE recommends that. it should be trans- formed into an Australian Orchestra. If this were done, it would be easy to bring together a magnificent band, which could at different times of the year give concerts in Adelaide, Sydney, Brisbane, and Melbourne. The support would be wider than now, the orchestra would consequently be more firmly established, and the excellence of the entertainments would be assured. The monotony which, in spite of good playing is felt now because concerts are' given twice a week all the year round in but one city would then cease. There would be seasons in each city, and the visits of the band would be well-timed and welcome. The subject of the establishment of a chair of music has been disposed of for a time by the selection-or what practically amounts to the selection of a professor. But in the light of Sir CHARLES HALLE'S criticism, it is very much to be doubted if the scheme will succeed. Theoretical dissertations on harmony, counterpoint, and the other branches of musical knowledge will not do much good. The art has largely to be learnt by practice, and the instructor of the future will not be well taught if they merely attend lectures. In other and older countries the schools of music have done the best work, and Sa CHARLES HALL: is convinced that we shall not travel on light lines until we follow those examples. The difficulty is that the chair was founded by a public spir acted gentleman now deceased - the late Mr. Fin M i-> ORMOND-and that the purposes for which he made the munificent dona- tion cannot be varied. We are there fore practically committed to the chair, and the University Council will have to make the best of the position. By and by, perhaps, it will be possible to give effect to Sir Ca VULLS HALLIS'S suggestion. Several of the cable messages published this momma appeared in a portion of S uur day's issue. The li. M S Oruba arrived at Adelaide yesterday, and her mails were sent on by special train. They will be delivered in Melbourne this afternoon. The Legislative Assembly only will meet this week, the Council having adjourned until Tuesday, the 18th Inst. The first order of the day in the Assembly to morrow will be the resumption of the debate on the second reading of the Railway Construction Bill, In all probability some announcement will be made by the Premier in regard to the proposal which has been approved of by both sides of the House that the bill should be referred to a select committee, for the purpose of taking evidence on the question of the expenditure involved in the construction of the lines mentioned in the bill. Mr. Munro, the leader of the Opposition, ft as in the country on Saturday, and so far no conference has taken place between him and Mr. Gillies on the subject, but they will no doubt discuss the matter together before the sitting of the House. Mr, F. R. Godfrey issues an address to the electors of the Melbourne Province for the Legislative Council this morning in our advertising columns, and refers to several topics at present engaging public attention, He is of opinion that the Hallway Hill should be submitted to the joint scrutiny of a committee chosen from the members of both Houses of Parliament, whose duty it should be to examine expert and other witnesses as to the advantages of the various lines, and recommend those only which would cause may mg traffic either at once or in the near future. The establishment of a Metropolitan Board of Works, The urges, deserves the first and most earnest attention of Parliament, because the hygienic condition of Melbourne and its suburbs can never be good and suitable provision is made for sewerage and drainage, the want of which produces the typhoid and diphtheritic outbreaks which occur every summer and swell the death-rate of our population ; but whether this can best be promoted by the central government or by local trusts is a question worthy of serious consideration. The postage on pockets to the United Kingdom has now been reduced to 4d. for every ounce or fraction of an ounce. The rates were formerly Id. for 4oz. or under, 2d. over 4oz. but not exceeding 2oz., and 2d. for every additional 2oz. or under. The new system of charging is not only much simpler, but represents a practical reduction on the old system. To-day the new railway time-table, which was published in The Argus of Wednesday last, comes into operation. Some important alterations have been made in the Ballarat and Western district! and Geelong and Western district services, and suburban travellers will find that changes have also been made in the suburban services. Mr. J. -J. Shillinglaw, the secretary of the Board of Viticulture, will be appointed secretary of the Horticultural Board which the Government propose to bring into existence shortly. This body will have a good deal to do with the administration of the Suppres- sion of Insects Act when it is passed. In the first instance, the board will be a nominated one, but when the necessary regulations are framed an elected body will take its place. Arrangements have been made by the Lands department for the subdivision of two blocks of mallee land one containing Band the other 30 allotments, n mile square in extent. Plans showing the subdivision are being prepared, and applications for the allotments will be invited during the present month. The land is situated between Wyche- proof and Lake Tyrrell. The demand for small allotments is evidenced by the fact that 600 applications have been received for 18 of a similar area situated on the west side of the Yarriambiack Creek, These will be dealt with by a local board in about a fortnight's time. Sometime ago Mr, M'Lean, M.L.A., made the suggestion that bill should be laid before Parliament providing that when land is subdivided and sold there should be a re- vision of the tax levied on the whole block, with the view of allocating the amount to be paid on each subdivision. The Attorney-General has brought the matter under the notice of the Cabinet, with the result that it has been decided not to take any action with reference to it at present, The wreck of the barque Carlisle, which struck on a rock in Bass Straits on Wednesday evening last, but fortunately not been attended with any loss of life. The captain, first and third mates, and 10 men landed at Woodside on the Ninety-Mile Beach, and this left two boats and eight men unaccounted for. These men reached Cliffy Island, on which there is a lighthouse, 12 hours after the vessel foundered. The gig was abandoned, and those who were in her were taken into the pinnace, and in this boat they pulled for 11 hours without food or water for Wilson's Promontory. Becoming exhausted they ran down to Cliffy Island, and landed there after much difficulty. They were hospitably treated by the lighthouse-keeper and his wife. The Lady Loch, which was despatched by Mr. (Musgrave, the collector of Customs, as soon as advices of the disaster were telegraphed, reached Cliffy Island on Saturday, and took the men aboard, landing them at Williamstown yesterday morning, from whence they were taken to the Sailors' Home. The captain with the remainder of the crew have not yet reached Melbourne. The Mayor of Melbourne (Councillor Lang] entertained a large company at his quarterly luncheon in the Town-hall on Saturday, Amongst the visitors invited to meet the members of the City Council were the President of the Legislative Council, the Premier, the Commissioner of Customs, Sir Charles Harris, the chairman of the Harbour Trust (Mr. N. Thornley, MLC), Mr. F. Stuart, MLA., Mr. li L. Zox, M.L.A., the Railway Commissioners, and other well known gentlemen. In the speeches matters political were touched, but lightly and pleasantly. Sir Charles Halle responded for the visitors, and expressed the gratification of Lady tralia and himself at the unvarying kindness with which they had been received in these colonies. The proposal to erect an Eiffel tower on the plantation reserve in Viuana street, between Nicholson and Gisborne streets, came before the City Council on Saturday Some time ago Messrs Reid and Gross applied to the Fitzroy Council for leave to erect a tower on the sun, and the application was sent on to the city authorities The public works committee on Saturday recommended that a letter be sent to the Fitzroy Council stating that the City Council could not give its consent to the granting of the application 'the recommendation of the committee was adopted Yesterday morning a meeting of the newly formed Railway Employs' Union was held in the Gaiety Theatre for the purpose of electing officers During the progress of the election Mr W H. Mitchell, the stationmaster at Clifton Hill, who was the initiator of the movement, delivered an address He pointed out that as the Shearers' Union had called upon the labour organisations of Australia to help them in fighting the battle of unionism the Railway Employes Union would be called upon to consider whether they would follow the examples of other unions by refusing to handle non-union wool In considering this question, although bound to protect labour, railway employes must not forget their duty to the public, and would have to see that the innocent did not suffer for the guilty 'the question of affiliation with labour would also have to be considered In New Zealand the railway employes had affiliated with the Maritime Labour Council, and were boycotting on the railways the goods of a loan which the council decided should be boycotted Air Mitchell condemned the ballot system 01 appointment to the railways, and his remarks were received with applause He pointed out that one of the duties of the union would be to get r system substituted which would be a happy medium between the political patronage and ballot ed stems Other grievances were fired, both 1)) Mr Mitchell and a shunter from the Melbourne yard throughout the meeting was most enthusiastic, and the speeches were listened to with grave attention. In connection with the recent outbreak of insubordination at many College we under stand that on Friday the following apology was presented to the warden by those of the offending students who had not already apologised individually - "We regret exceedingly that we have been compelled by force of circumstances to participate in an act which in itself we are unable to defend as right thinking- men, and we WISH. to emphatically state that we in no way wished to offer a personal insult to Dr Leeper' This apology was sent to the warden on receipt of the intimation that the order expelling seven students had been cancelled the warden, although authorised by the council to decide the matter himself, felt that, as the offence committed was of so personal a nature, it would more fitly be dealt with by the council of the college than by himself He therefore laid it before the council at a meeting held on Saturday morning, at the same time stating his own strong wish to accept the apology After much discussion the following resolution was adopted -"'that while the council feel that no circumstances could extenuate the effects of the burning of the effigy, yet, since the warden has expressed his wish to accept the apology of the students, the council approve of his doing so " It was also resolved "That at the warden a request a committee of the council be appointed to assist the warden in inquiring into the alleged grievances of the students " the case which had led to the outbreak, that of a student who had not been allowed to return rooms in the college during the third term, was also referred to the warden had informed the general body of the students that the reasons for his action in this matter had been conveyed to the student concerned, and had stated to them that it would establish, he believed, a most mischievous precedent if he were to accede to their demand that these reasons should be communicated to them in order, however, to satisfy them that nothing arbitrary and capricious had been done, he stated that he would be willing to impart these reasons to them if the council would approve of his doing so. The warden accordingly left the matter entirely in the hands of the council without giving an opinion upon it, but the unanimous feeling of the council found expression in a resolution emphatically disapproving of the proposed communication to the students being made A notice from the warden was posted on Saturday afternoon, accepting the apology which had been tendered A number of old students of Trinity College have presented to Dr Leeper an address in which they express their sincere sympathy with him, and their regret at the insult offered to him, and state that, while ignorant of the grievances alleged to exist, they cannot conceive any circumstances that could justify or excuse the conduct of the students The following names are attached The Ven Archdeacon Green, LL D , the Rev. T., H. Armstrong M.A., the Rev E J Barnett, M.A., the Rev H S Hughes, B A , the Rev. J. J. Smith, M.A., the Rev W Hancock, B A ; the Rev J F Stretch LL B T AB Weigall LL M , H W Bryant, LL M , C J /ich) Woinarski, LL M , W Campbell Guest, LUM ; W. Lewers LL B , W W arnngton Rogers, LLB , 1 C Cowle, LL M , Donald Mac Million B A , Dr H li. Salmon Dr J C Baird Dr A Mackay, and L 1 Williams, B A Archbishop Carr with Bishop Moore, of Ballarat, attended South Melbourne yesterday afternoon, for the purpose of opening a convent of the Sisters of Our Lady of Loretto Accompanying the bishops were a large number of clergymen, among whom were Dean O Driscoll, and the Rev M P Carroll, in whose parish the convent is situated ; the Revs J Stephens Dr Graber (inspector of schools), J L. Hegarty, J O'Malley S J, J Browne, S J, M Watson S J, C Nulty, S J, J Leahy, S J and others The convent is a Three story building of Gothic design, and contains on the ground door admirably arranged CLUBS rooms which, by an ingenious arrangement of folding glass doors, can be formed into one large, ornamental and commodious hall This hall yesterday was made the reception room for visitors, and was richly decorated with ever greens Ranged around the walls were a series of handsome banners on a white ground, each bearing an aspiration from the Litany of Jesus At the rear of the class raoniB isa corridor "giving access to a staircase The first floor is reached by a massively constructed Staircase which parted at the rear of the building, into two commodious lights, given access to the reception room infirmary, a handsomely arranged chapel, with the accompanying sacristies and confessionals the second floor contains the nun 8 cells and community room. The roof is arranged to form a promenade, and is reached by a well Btaurase Surrounding the promenade is a brick balustrade, and using above the roof is a tower, reached by open mr steps The view from HUB tower extends to every point of the compass only the high ground of Carlton and Eastern Hill; intercepting the view lil any direction immediately in front being Albert part, and lake with portions of St. Kilda and the bay in the distance The buildings were designed by Messrs, Tappin, Gilbert, and Dennehy, and the contract was carried out by Mr W G O'Meara under the superin- tendenceofMr W Brain, and cost a total of £8 SOO Shortly after the time appointed, a procession of acolytes followed by the Archbishop of Melbourne entered the front hall and after a few moments prayer before the temporary altar, the Archbishop attended by the Rev. Dr. Moore (Bishop of Ballarat), the Rev J L Hegarty, the Revs Dr Graber, and M P Carroll, proceeded to bless the building, both externally and internally, Upon the conclusion of this ceremony the Rev J L Hegarty preached the occasional sermon taking as his text Go ye therefore teach all nations, hap tising them in the name of the Father, and of the Son and of the Holy Ghost, and behold I am with you all days, even unto the consummation of the world the preacher remarked that Mary Ball, after visiting many convents on the Continent, formed lated the order of Our Lady of I emetic, but it was not until 1932, when Frances Bedingfield was in prison, that Pope Urban IV blessed and approved [In order, and in lGjd Frances Bedingfield opened the first convent in work, which from that day to this has existed A young Dublin girl went to work to be educated, but she was destined for higher things, for the famous Dr Murray, Archbishop of Dublin recommended her to continue in the spiritual life, and under his auspices, on the 10th August 1821, of which yesterday was the anniversary else, with her three companions, entered Dublin to found the order there and from that house over the whole world the blessings of the higher education of women had been dis- penned They had met to celebrate the opening of a new house of the order, and concluded with an earnest appeal to pay off the debt After the collection had been taken up, Pontifical benediction of the blessed sacrament was given by the Bishop of Ballarat, the Archbishop of Melbourne presiding The Te Deum having been sung by the choir of the children under the train ing of the nuns, the visitors made an inspection of the building The amount of collection, including promises, was £600 A monster comet ozone was held at the South Kensington Museum on July 2, under the patronage of Her Majesty the Queen, and in connection with the jubilee of uniform penny postage, in aid of the Rowland Hill Benevolent Fund for the relief and assistance of post office servan IS Between 9,000 and 10,000 persons attended by mutation (says our London correspondent), in- clusive the Duke and Duchess of Edinburgh, the Marquis of Salisbury, Mr Raikes, Mr. W. H. Smith, and Mr Goschen, and the following ex- Postmasters General -'the Duke of Argyll, the Duke of Rutland, Lord Finlay, the Marquis of Hartington, Mr Shaw Lefevre, and Sir Lyon Playfair. 'there was ample and varied entertainment provided in keeping with the special occasion celebrates. The commemorative Jubilee envelope and Rowland Hill correspondence card sold freely at Is 'the envelope shows in appropriate and artistic design the North Mail in 1700, with four horses and a guard with a blunderbuss, making for Highgate at eight miles an hour, and beneath it the North Mail in IS JO, approaching Carlisle at 48 miles an hour, with all the perfections of sorting offices, nets for catching mail bags en route, and other con- veniences nowadays carried an an express train The correspondence card sold with thin envelope bears on it a portrait of Sir Rowland Hill, beneath which is the legend, " He gave us penny postage During the evening a number of telegrams containing congratulatory addresses were received by Mr Raikes from the President of the United States, and from the Postmaster General in Washington, and from the Governors of New South M alla, Victoria, South Australia, Queensland, New Zealand, and Tasmania, Telegrams were also received from the Premier of the Cape of Good Hope, Sir John Gordon Sprigg, from the Postmaster General of Newfoundland, and, lastly, from the telegraph office at Balta Sound, in the Shetland group the northern- most point of telegraphic communication in the British Isles, 715 miles distant from London A correspondent of the San Francisco Chronicle states that the recent death of a lad named '1 Demas Sutton ends a case which was without parallel in America A year and a half ago the boy, then a bright lad of 14 years, fell from a butcher's waggon, and hurt his spine For a time he improved rapidly, and seemed in a fair way to recover from the accident, but about four months ago paralysis set in, his stomach became affected, and for OG days, ending at the time of his death, not a morsel of food passed his lips For a While a glassful of wine was given each '24 hours His stomach toon refused even this nourishment Unen soda- water was substitute and for the last 30 days only pure water had been used to moisten his lips During this long fast the boy had lost Uesh constantly, and at the time of his death he weighed but a trifle over fifty pounds His shrunken skin barely covered DIB bones, and he presented a ter note picture of emaciation Through all this terrible struggle with death young button retained his consciousness He recognised his friends and relatives and the Sisters of St 1 Francis, whose school he formerly at tended He was too weak to speak, but would thrust out a bony little arm to shake hands in welcome The physicians are as founded at the length of time the little fellow lived without food His Excellency the Governor, the Countess of Hopetoun and suite, have announced their intention of being present at the Theatre Royal this evening to witness the performance of Mr Darrell a new play The Lucky Lot ' Mr W William Rignold and hisdramaticcom pany repeated their performance of ' Held by the enemy at the Opera house on Saturday evening, and their efforts met with the cordial applause of a numerous audience Mr Rignold concludes his season in Melbourne on Friday evening, and on Saturday there will be a revival of " Fun on the Bristol," with Mr John F' Sheridan as the Widow O'Brien. The very amusing comedies " Kerry and " The Balloon, now being played at the Bijou Theatre by the Brough Boucicault Comedy Company, attracted a full house on Saturday evening Both pieces were represented in a bright and vivacious manner, and the second piece kept the audience laughing incessantly The same programme will be repeated during the present week till Saturday, when Sydney Grundy's comedy, The Glass of fashion, ' will be produced Many hundreds of persons visited Kreit mayers Waxworks and Museum on Saturday, and displayed great interest in the per- formances of the phonograph now being exhibited there. It is announced by advertisement that tickets of those crowded out on Saturday night will be available to day or to night. Messrs MacMahon have been in duced to briefly extend the season, which is now in its eighth week For the future the exhibition will take place every evening, at 8, and at three special matinees only, viz , this afternoon, Wednesday afternoon, and Saturday afternoon, the arduous nature of the duties that devolve upon Professor Archibald in exhibiting the phonograph twice daily having necessitated the modification of previous arrangements. The popularity achieved by Mr Slade Murray's Burlesque Company at the Gaiety hall remains unabated, and on Saturday even- in the hall was, as usual, packed in all parts The new programme was a men torious one, and was received with the most hearty approval Rod ley and Swifte, who made their first appearance on Saturday evening in character songs, proved a decided acquisition The burlesque "La Sonnain hula, presented by the principal members of the coming, created considerable merriment, and terminated a very pleasant evening The attendance at the Cyclorama on Saturday evening was the largest for some weeks past and the atten- dances during last week were very good Je H announced that, by special request naval and military men may take their lady friends to the Cyclorama during the remainder of this month at the special rates they have themselves enjoyed during the last three weeks A comic opera in German, entitled " ITotte Bursche ' will be produced at the Melbourne Deutscher Turn Verein this evening, at 3 o'clock. On Saturday afternoon there was a con viv tal gathering of musicians at 137 Elizabeth street where Messrs Atkin, Crawford, and Co , who represent the London pianoforte manufacturing firms of John Broad wood and Sons and Collard and Collard, have just commenced business special interest attached to the proceedings on account of the presence of Sir Charles Halle, whose preference for Broadwood pianos is well known The speeches usual on such occasions were made and good wishes for the success of the new firm were warmly expressed To morrow evening the second concert or the North Melbourne Choral Society, under the direction of Herr G S de Chum et, will be given in the North Melbourne town hall, commencing at 8 o'clock. The programme will include the conductor's cantata, ' Vie town, repeated by special request Messrs John Slater and Co have sent us a cheque for £1 for the Church of 1 lighted soup kitchen Competitive designs are invited in an advertisement elsewhere by the committee of the Melbourne tinned Friendly Societies Dispensary for past presidents certificates The usual monthly meeting of the field Naturalists' Club will be held this evening at 8 o'clock, in the Royal Society s Hall, Vic tuna street In aid of the fund for old soldiers and sailors we have received in from Dr Thomas Embling, and 10 from Surgeon H A Embling The report of the Homoeopathic Hospital for the week ending August 3 was as follows -New cases, CO, admitted into wards, 10 remaining in wards, £8, attendances, out patients, left, out-patients remaining under treatment 341 No deaths occurred The Chief Justice of New Zealand has appointed Mr Ernest M Godfrey, solicitor, a commissioner of the Supreme Court of New Zealand for taking affidavits in Victoria The monthly committee meeting of the Hebrew Ladies' Benevolent Society was held at Mossgiel, Brunswick street, Fitzroy, on Wednesday, 10th Inst. Presents Mrs L Abrahams (president, in the chair), Mrs S Davis (treasurer) Lady Benj min, Mesdames E Moss, H. P Harris, M Rintel H Marks, S Tartakover H Goldberg, and 11 P Levy 1 he expenditure for the mouth amounted to 142 and 30 cases of very great distress were relieved Mesdames H P Harris and b MOBS were appointed as visiting committee for the ensuing month 