THE INGLETHORPE MYS TERY. CHAPTEEXXIV. HE. WABRISTON REPORTS PROGRESS. ( dnntinitp.il. ^ \ — i 'Edgar has, indeed, been kind,' said. Mr. Warriston ; I'm sure I ought to be greatly obliged to all of yon. Did I ever tell you that I placed great confidence in Lucille's intuitive perception of character P You know thot I have a remarkable gift that way myself. When I meet people, I seem to see their mindo, end not then' bodies. I can t help it. Woil, 1 vo remarked the same thing in my child. She is so young and inexperienced that she cannot ex plain hop own impressiong. She has her own instantaneous partialiaies, and I have noticed that she leano towards true natures like a flower towards tho light, and away from the false as if they were shadows. I hardly expectsd she would be so intimate with young Henderson.' I remember the carious effect hia first addreas had mode upon her, but I did not repeat it to her father. I was sensitive about appearing in any manner jealous of Edgav. If he could win any friends from me, even that little girl whom I had loved for her pure sweetness, 1st them go ! | I was too proud to uolicit them to reconsider j their opinions, j 'Do you know,' continued my companion, ' he j is performing a marvel with my little Lucille, He haa gained a great ascendency over her in these few days, Thia morning, For a purpose which you may readily imagine I considered highly important, I endeavoured, alone with her in my own apartment, to place bar in the clairvoyant state. For the first time, I failed. Her mind is no longer a pellucid mirror, reflact iDg truths without colour or confraction. She is under the influence of a counter-will, aa strong as nay own — and mine moves mountains,' he added, with d laugh. 'I shouldn't think you would like It P' 'I don't Bat she is going home to-morrow. I will tell you why I wiehod to procure Lu cille's aid again. I have succeeded in tracing Bessie Donovan to this village. She came here the day after we frightoned her from Birken head. That is, she left the train at o little sta tion about sis miles from hero, not daring to show herself at this station, and, I have no doubt, started on foot for Inglethorpe, coming hero in the night.' 'That aunt of hers is in the work,' I ex claimed, ' We are justified in taking any step to compel her to tell us where that gul is con cealed.' ' I am convinced that her ount knows nothing whatever about her. Ha3 Mrs. Boon kept a sharp lookout, jvt Vale Cottage ?' ? She hes not seec ha? since that fir&t; day, and I believe it would be difficult for nor to Get her foot in tho pluce without beiug discovered, for tho woman haa got it, ia her head that the place is haunted, aad olio ia on the look-out night ond day.' ♦ Haunted ?' Mjft ?Vtaiston pat down m& drew up hio chair with en appearance of intaresfc, which led me to recount our experiences at Vale Cottsgo, and my intention of completing my researches that night, in hia company, if he had no objec tioa. He said, s Of course; it would givo him pleasure ; ho liked nothing better than an adven ture of the kiad.' In fact, the idea evidently ploased him im mensely. Hid faco brightened, and after that, for the rest of the dny, for tho Jlrafc time in our briof acquaintance, I saw him a little flurried and expectant. One of his mottooa was — ' Learn to labour, and to wait.' His was one of thoso minds which would havo kept silence seven years, rather than speak a moment too soon. He was seldom in a hurry, no mattar what was at stake ; but the fancy for lyintr 'perdu' in a haunted house to 'nab' a ghost was a novelty in his detective experi ence which inv/srdly amused him. Ho smikid to himself more than once during the intervening hours. Aa soon ss tea was over we excused ourselves to tho family, kissed Lucille, and, saying that Mr. Warruton would stay with me all night, we took our departure. I left the arrangement of our proceedings in his hands. When we cached the cottage, we found Mis. Boon disposed to regard the non-fulfilment of my engagement on the prevoua ni^hfc as proof that I was frightoned from the pursuit. She made us, moreover, gomo of her excellent coffee, to aid us in keeping &wake;, and gave us her prayers for our protection, along with the keys of the house, 'Treat a ghost ao you would any ether bur glar,' said my ompanion, ng we approached the house, in (he darkness, by tho back entrance. ' Steal a march on him if you can,' It was a wild night for on enterprise like ours. It reminded me of that night upon which William Staunton was murdeved. One of those sudden chong0- ia tho weather, common to cur climate, had taken place in the day, and now the warm, wild wind which often precedes a thaw was blowing about tho place, making every door and window r&ttle;, and rubbing the bare branches of tho trees against each other with a grating sound, Black clouds, with ragged edges, scurried along tho an1, with the lar^o Rtars looking down between, with wide, bright eyes, as of fear. While we stood outside the great drops began to patter down, and presently it was running violently, as it rained that night. As gently es if he wore a robber making a felo nious entrance, Mr. Warriston turned tho key in the lock. We entered the thick darkness of tho house, closed the dcor, and stole noiselessly, I taking the lead, along the entrance hall, and up the stairs, until we came ta William Sttsun ton'a room. This we entered, and finding chairs, sat down upon either side of the little table in absolute silecce. Eat we might safely have knocked over half the furnitere xvithout giving alarm to any inmate, had there been an inmate of the room or house, such a tremendous uproar was now mode by the elements. As the rain dashed fitfully against the windows, and the wind shook tho solitary building, I was nearly overpowered with tho memories which the place and the fctorm so vivified. I was in a fit mood to become a convert to a belief in the appear ance of nocturnal spectres. In that honi* of gloom and tenapett, under a roof of the mur dered, the material world aaemed not so far re moved from the wwful and ^h&dov;/y confines of the spiritual as it appeared in the common routine of daylight life. As my heart thumped loudly with the agitation of feelings almost too powerful for mortal endurance, I was glad to consider that my companion was cool, calm, and vigilnnt. Ho had no such memories of the wind and rain to overwhelm him as I had. This uoof was not the roof of his friend ; he did not know Beatrice. It was rather impressive to the dullest imagi nation to be fitting there at night, in that empty mansion, in tho darkness, with the storm boating around it— waiting for— we knew not what. To mo with my ardent temporamsnt, and uadei: tho peculiar circumstances, it was exciting in tho highest degree. For g long time there was but ono interrup tion to our silent watch, Ms\ Wavriston leaned over the table whispering— ' Did you hear some gr3 singiyg ?' ' I hoard nothing but the wind and the croak ing of a tree against tho aide of the house, ex copt tho raia, that I could bo sure of. Hark !' I did think I heard a soft, angelic nofo of music, swelling in tho air above mo, but at that moment tho tempest redoubled its clamour, beat ing oat all lesser sounds. ?Unless I am mistaken that was a human voice,' ho cont niied, in the same whisper. 1 Or a heavenly one,' I muvmurod. I believe Mi1. Warns 'am said ' Nonsense !' but I am net certain. Again there waa a long inter val of waiting. Wo both leaned over towards oach other at the same imt*i;t, as the sound of something being pushed along tho floor overhead attracted out1 attentive) earc. ? It must be rats in tho garret,1 add I. ' Mrs. Boon soys they are in the house.' I 1 hardly think that noise was made 'by rats : but we will wait awhile/ r CHAPTEE XlV. THE NIGHT IN VAtE STitEE'J?. Wo sat in tho darknoou thai enshrouded T19, listening anxiously for a repetition of the sound that had attracted om1 attention, Mr. Warris ton had brought a lamp and matohsa go that we could hnvo a light when wo wished it. If we heard anything rnoro ovorheodj I know he would examine the attic. There was a lull in the rain. Aa we cat oxpectant, tho pushing sound was shortly followed by p. light regular patter, an of soft foGt- Tops along the floor of thogtm-et I had heard rat* make preciio'y similar nounds travers ing a ceiling ; and though my heart beat a littlo faster, I was ttill quite certain it waa these troublesome voroain. The next thing which fixed our attention was a glioamsu of light. I think the most spectral visitant could hardly havo effected me as did that sudden say of light shooting through the keyhole and under the door. Silently it crept along the carpet, moving as if the objeot which. threw ifc was carried in the hand of a person walking. I did not know exactly what I did expect when I paused in front of the door, ex cept that the door would open aad I should see the aayatery. An instant of suspense, then the flickering light wavered and moved around to the opposite angle from that at which it had first appeared— it was goiug Through the pas saga and downstairs. 'All right,' breathed my companion, in a scarcely audible whisper. ' Wait !' The hand which he laid on my own waa cold with excitement. As the lost yellow gleam trembled end disappeared, the elements con spired in a grand ntfceck upon our citadel ; we could hear nothing but the roar of their artillery, the trfimp of their batlalung, We waited per haps five minuta.*, 'Now !' and I arose, following Mr. Warriiton through the darkness, as he silently opened the door, crossed the la iding and leaniDg'over the balusters, looked down into the lower ball. We could see nothing until, as we descended the stairs, a faint effulgence from some disUnt room penetrated the obscurity. With cautious steps we followed it up through (he hall and library to the morning-room, from which, it will be re collected, Mrs, Boon assured me she heard the mysterious noiees. The door was open a little distance, bat not sufficiently to give us a view cfi the interior, As we paused on the threshold we heard si pigh— a^deep, long-drawn, tremulous sigh. With a deft hand my companion pushed tho door ojav, so th&t; we could Rtep in, and we both silently entered. This room, in summer, was the favourite sitting-room of Mrs. Stauttoa, and here, upon the walla ohe had tho portiaits of her little family. In Front of nn as we stepped in hung the likeneas of William Staunton. Be fore it stood a woman, one hand holding aloft q lighted csndle, in a small chamber candlestick, the other pressed upon her heart, as if to keep down thoso painful siehs. Motionless, yapt, absorbed, she stood. We made no sound, and il we had I do ncl think oho would have heard us. Her back was towards us ; the light was thrown fall on the picture upon which Ijjr gaze waa bont. Tho woman was Bessio Donovan. I knew Iiss? at once, though her faco waa turned from no. Here, at last, we had found the fugitive wo sought, haunting the homo of the man of whoso murder my thoughta accused her, standing be fore hia portrait in the dead of night, unwitting who wore the witneaoes oi her secret, as ahe betrayed it now. How she had obtained access to the house, or how loag she had been its in mate, I loft to future inquiry to develop— the present scene was all-engrossing, A long, long, long time she stood there. We did not intsrrapt her. It was probably the expectation that she would utter some soliloquy which would be of importance to us, ao reveal in?, what was on her ruind, which kept my cota panion quiet. She said nothing, however, only drawing those deap sighs ; urtil, at the last, shc» net the light on the little table beneath the picture, and, lifting up both hands with a pos aion&ts; gesture toward it, sobbed one word — ? ' William !' Then, slowly, as if her eyes yefusad to leave the object of their attraction, she began to tarn away. We had one instant's glance at her face before she discovered us. There was a burning spot upon either thin choek, and two great tears frozen, aa it were, upon her eyelids ; and a tremulous curve to the full, red lips of the tender and beautiful mouth, as if they quivered with grief end love. There was nothiag wild or severe about her at that moment. Taming slowly, she perceived us, standing there in the shadow— two cruel men, hunting lies? oven in thia sacred solitude. That was the feeling she gave us by the look which passed over hot countenance. I felt ashamed, ond unable to justify what I v/as doing, until I forced myseli to recollect all. Sho did not scream. She hnd passed through too many shocks and vicissitudes to betray any fright, She only turned white, ani put hee hand on tho table to steady herself, 'You two men have come here at last, have you? Why do you interfere with moP It's only c littlo while I have to stay, and I wanfc peace.' ' Peace only coraoa with a pure conscience/ said Mr. Warriston, stornly.. ' What are you doing in thia house ?' ' I know I havo no right here ;1 nb whei'e elsa will s on let me stay P Not eyea by bio grave — no, not even by his grove ! You want to drag me foitli before the world, to fixpesa my foolish secret, which I havo hidden h'om everybody— to pui mo in prison— 1 3 murder me ! This is tho busi ness of yon t??o moil ; and you have tho power, I suppose. I am go poor and. I'rioadleae it makes me a fit object for your porgooution. Well, i£ you can justify yourself, do ns yots will with me!' She folded her hands, looking as lull ia the face with eyes which absolutely blazed, ' If you had no guilty secret, why did you fly from friondE and enemies? Why did you not seek an interview and explanation which would fiiave been satisfactory to ueP' aekad Miv War riston. 'You would net believe me if I told you the sreaeon,' she said scornfully. ' It is not in the minds of man— the gross, suspicious minds of men— to conceive ov credit my excuse, I will not moire it to sack people.' SeaHy, thai'9 was a mejeEty about tha girl which quiSo awed me. Ao ehe confronted us, the undaunted spirit pp&ikling; through he? slight, wasted face and form compelled a sort of acquiescence in me. I was not the one to Rub dae or handle this powerful nature. Mr. War iristou was. ' This is not the proper hour nor the proper place to enter into explanations, Mies Donovsn. You must go with ra6 to Mrs. Boon's cottage ; Bhe will ttke care of you till morniBg, and then we will have a talk together. You will not find me harsh, nor shall I teke any step without good cause. All I want is the truth, end that I am bound k) have,' * Let me a ay here tc-night ; I promise you I Will not attempt to leave the place. I will wait here UDtil yon think lit to come in the morniDg.' ' I cannot, there ia too much at stake,' he said, with de lamination. ' Then lefc me go and get the child,' ohe said. She took up the lamp and wo followed her ; up and along the garret staircase, mounting the narrow steps which led into the attic. There, upon the pile of maitressea which I have men tioned as I y in ft in the corner, reposed tho baby girl before spoken of, sleeping sweetly, as only infanoy can rest. * We were under this when you paid ua a visit the other day,' said the poor girl, with a sort of bitter smile. 'I had hard work to keep baby from crying out. She did make a fuss at lost ; you said it was a cat. ' How scund the little creature sleeps,' sasd the detective. He had a gentle heart, which ehrank from disturbing the Blumbering infant. ' It's too bad to startle her up so,' murmured 2ier nurse. * Yes, it is. I'll tell you what we will do. We ?will lock you up here, and keep guard in the house until morning, if that pleases you.' ; I don't care to take Effie out in the storm.' ?Tell me one thing,' said Mr. Warrhton, his bright eye fixing itself on her own, ' are you the mother of that babe ?' For a moment she answered hit) look with one o! astonishment ; then the rosy blood rushed up to neck, cheek, and brow— a virgin blush, which showed all the soft and girlish side of her character. 'Am I Effio's mother?' she repeated. 'I thought you know I was not a married woman.' The defective stood, a little embarrassed by the perfect simplicity of her reply. 'It is understood to be your deceased cousin's child— an orphan, I believe,' he said. 'Well, Miss Donovan, wo will leave you horo, undis turbed, for the remsindor of the night.' We descended tho first floor, turning the key in the garrot door, well satisfied to keep guard ontil morning, sicco we had secured the mys terious inmate of the haunted house. (To be continued.) Mi?. James White's celebrated racehorse Crar brook haa been Bold to Mr. Henry White, of Mudgee, for lOOOgs. Pygmalion, tbe crack two-year-old racehorse of New Zealand, has been purchased by the Messrs. Wilson Bros., of Melbourne. Sir Frederick Darley and party have discovered a -way down into the Jamieson. Valley from Ka toomba. A bill legalizing marriage with, a deceased wife's sister, contracted in the colonies, is to be re-introduced into the British Parliament. A Eubsian conversion loan of .£9,000,000 has been issued. According to Sir Henry Parkes the annual value of the natural products of Australasia amounts to .£95,000,000 in round numbers. An old man named Patrick Cotter, wretchedly clad, was arrested this week at Shcpparton for begging. On searching him the police found in his possession bank receipts for between .£800 and £900. Dave Dillon, a New York boatman, who was once champion oarsman of Australia (writes a San .Francisco correspondent on January 15), was drowned late in December. The line by which his boat had been attached to a barque parted during rough weather and his boat disappeared down the bay. A i'ew days later, a fishing schooner picked up the after half of Dillon's boat, which nad evidently been run down and cut in two in the dark by a steamer. You can make no mistake in buying Pemell's Snow- we iT-y Patent Eollkb TPv-qw It lias no equal in the Sydney Market. Ask voter grocer for it. — Advt. Insist on having ALLCOCK'S, when you ask for a Porous Plaster, and' let no solicitation or ex planation induce you to accept any other. They are recommended by Eev. Mark Guy Pearse, Geo. Augustus Sala, Mrs. Henry Ward Beecher, &c;, but their recommendation only, applies to ALLCOCK'S, the only genuine Porous Plaster. The Standard Kemedy for Astlirna, Bronchitis, Lum bago, Sciatica, Weak Back, and in all aches and pains they generally afford instant relief. They are applied externally, and can be worn with com fort and ease. Gordon Stable, M.D., says, ' Ten times more sensible than so-called pain-killers.' Sold by all Chemists in various sizes, from Is ljd to 22s 6d. See you get Allcock's. — Advt. Hollowat's Pills and. Ointment exert a rapidly favour able effect in all diseasos -winch ore induced by exposure to damp or by great changes in temperature. They will theroforo be found eminently serviceable to those who work in iron foundries, copper mines find collieries. These well-known. remedies|present manifest advantages iu respect of use and effectiveness, being entirelytjompounded of. vegetable drugs selected with, tho greatest cavo and re gardless of price. When used in accordance with the ample printed direotions which accompany thorn, they ant surely but mildly, and do not iutorfere with the daily work. There are but few diseases which are not capable of cure— ov, at all events, of great relief— jf Hollowtiy's remgiiios are peraoverjngly used,— Aj»yt» 