"ON GOLDEN HINGES," By DORA RUSSELL, Authoress of "Footprints in the Snow," "Beneath the Ware," etc. CHAPTER XLIV. TuE OLD LOVE. They carried her the same afternoon to the wells of Abu A le. For although the deepest indignation swelled in Graham's heart when he thought of the cruel decep tion that had been practised on him, still 'he did everything that a man could do fur the poor helpless being thrown upon -his hands. -As Winny lay fainting for Icss of blood Sid his arms, he called one of the bearers to him, and sent him with an urgent message to a young doctor with whom he was personally acquainted, and in a few minutes this gentleman was by his aide. "So this is the lad they say you risked your life for, eh, North I" said Dr. Western, who was a smart, good-looking young- tman, fresh and cool amid the Sterrible carnage around. " Well, layhim Sdown and let's have a look at him-not mouch life left it seems to me." He unbuttoned poor Winny's coat, he pulled open the shirt over her white breast, and in a moment discovered her secret "So," he said, looking round at Graham, who was standing behind him, "this is a young woman I see1" " 1 hare just learned it-she is a girl I knew long ago, Westere-keep her secret for my sake,. thoogh God knows that it is not my doing that she is here." "She is badly wounded-look, a bullet has shattered her shoulder and is lodged somewhere here-and she' hit on the brow, too, continued the doctor, going on with his professional examinations "Fancy, the false moustache and all!" And the doctor gave a little laugh. " Will she lire 1" asked Graham in a low tone. The doctor shrugged his shoulders. "My dear fellow, how can I say I At home perhaps she might, but knocked abouat, and she has a fair prospectof being here, whatchince has a delicate girl ?" "Poor, poor Winny;" aid Graham knelt down beside her and took her hand, and as he did so she stirred and opened her large wistful eyes. "Take this off her face, Western," said Graham, touching the little false dark moustache which had formed part of Winny's disguise, and the doctor now easily removed it " She must have had a pretty face," he said. " Well, my girl,".he went on, now addressing Winny, who htd slowly moved her eyes from Graham's face to his, " hrow do you feel now 1 You must keep up your heart, and we'll pull you through yet." "I don't want to live, sir," she answered, and again siteo looked at Grahamt ; "but you won't leave me, Graham, till I die 'she added in pleading. accents. "I will not; I promise you I will not." A feeble smile quivered over Winny's pale lips. \- '"Thetet I will die happy at last," she murmored, and she clasped his hand aind' drew it to her face; and softly kissed it "Oh! mly poor child, my poor, poor child !" murmnuredGraham deeply affected. The doctor turned away his head and called to one of his bearers to bring him what he wanted, and then he proceeded to dress Winny's wounds and administered a restorative to her, and did everything that lie possibly could for her. And Grahlam also did everything. He got a blanket from somewhere and Ire propped up her head,; and he was standing by watching her, waiting until she could be removed, when Major Despard; with all the bloody fray yet upon him, ap proaclhed 'tho spot, picking hii way amonsg the wounded and the dead, and evidently looking for some one amongst them.. Suddenly his eyes fell on Grahlam, and a stern smile lit his face, which however faded away when he recognized Winny lying ton the ground. - But it was only for a moment he was disconcerted; tihe next ite approached with mocking words uponhis lips. '.'Sol" he said, looking down at the girl's face, "Romeo antd Juliet have met at last on the field of battle I' - When Winny heard his voice, and looked up and saw him, a bright colour rushed into her face. "I hIave told him!" she cried out in her feeble accents; "Graham knows al' now, Major Despard,-ktmows how you made me try to frighten hinm." Despard gave a bitter ringing lagh. "01h, he. knows, does he l" he said; and he turned round and looked at Graham, who Ihad become pale with anger. Y'es, Major Despard," said Graham, sternly; "and may I ask your motive for the gross deception you have tried to impose upon te I" "My motive 1" echoed Despard; .'that was not far to seek nor difficult to Snd, MI Graham North; it was to part you from tmy cousin." "You could have fouand an easier way," retorted Graham bitterly; "had I known this poor girl still lived, she would have been my wife." "Your wife!" "Yes, ty wife-was it nothing io me, do you thintk-, the bitter anguish that her supposed death caused me II would have given my life to know she: lived- you need not have taught her to act so vile a part" "Is this true, Graham l Is titi true e" This came from the ground; the poor girl had partly raised herself up 'in spite of her pain, attd Iter large eyes were fixed wildly and appealittglyon Graham's face. "It istrue," 'ho answered 'graely and sadly; " Winny; my niuther too deceived me-they told me when I was ill that you were saved-and my Srst act when I was well enough.was to write to you, to ask you to marry me." "Oh, Graham, Graham, htad I but knowtt ,' She strelched out' 'Itr arms, tears rashed from' hier eyes, and Grsham bent dawn over- her and fried to conapose her. "Oh, is this true, true 1" she subbed; and she ptit her Itands round tis throat. " Hush, yau must noet cry," said Grahaot 'gently; "but it was crucl ttf you to deceive me, Winny." "He said you would neaer marry Miss Despard if I did," wept poor Winny; "Oh,- Grahtun;- Grsham', bad -hIbi known t' Major Despard had moved away'a few paces during this little scene, but he now came back. During tIhebattletltat had just ended,. he had acted with extra ordinary gallantry and bravery, snd htad been twice nlightly' wounded.' In tile early part of the day he Itad beet actittg as a" alstf allicer, but as the Arabs approachetl nearer to tite 'Iritinit oqtusre he had diamounted atl goneat tlte guns, and it was whtile hl.linttg his Itorse that pottr Wintyl htal reueived hier wouund, as durinsgthe whltle march she hod iaossod as his servant. As he appreached Grahalm and Winnty with a grim emile ott iti face, Grahltstt drew hiatself up tai his full hleisltt. W Well, cir, I sttppose now it's ovr to the knife between ytttm on-i I l' oidd D a pard. addressing Grah'm. " You have acted itt a way that no man coulol forcive or pardtttt," tttnstered l"ra ham:"but this is ott a time to itndulge in personal qttirr-ls. WVe hare both sited blood tto-d.y. Maj'or Dasparti nold rerhaps to- morrow either iou or I will bh lying lowas these (toil Greltatot poineed Itsnme of the dead), hut I will ask one favour from you. If I fall, will you look after the ssf'ty of toi' ptor oirl i" "YVt neeol too' ht toule he triqursto; of cotroc I sh oIl look aft r lter. I comett now to look after hler S yoou hate for given her, Itoot you, f r pltyin; lhe ghost 1" "Icannot conci-e eith uer your motive or hers 1' " Mine was simply to make you believe that you were a haunted man-that your victim could not rest in her grave-hers, poor little fool, was because she was still in love wit h you, and would therefore play very conveniently into my hand." "And you took her to Wargrave with you 1" "Of course I did, and 1 left her there with the little Ballairs until we embarked for the Soudan. I had my revenge you see, Mr Graham North!" "Yes, an unimanly cruel revenge," said Grahan bitterly. " You spoilt my happi ness with Katharine, you embittered my life nasew. I do tnot envoy you your past time, Major Despard, for I had done you no wrong." "Done me no wrong !" repeated Des pard passionately, "You who took from , the woman I lioved. the girl who would hare been toy wife but for you. And what right had you to comne near Katiharine 1 Was nort that child enough 1" (and lie pointed to Wiony). " You hlad iwrvnged andcl ruined iher, and then camse wooing my cousin for her wealth, and you call it no wrong 1" "I have sinned andl I have suffered," answered Graham. "How deeplysuffered none but God can tell, and I was ready to atone for my fault. Had you given me one hint that VWinny lived, all this might have been spared." "I did inot believe that you see. I do not believe it now. When I sawe the little fool drifting under the bridge at Castle Hill yon January afternoon, I be lieved that mine enemy was delivered into my hand. I guessed the old story, the false lover, the girl's despair, and I had a tough job, too, to drag her out of the flood." "And you took her to Castle Hill 1" "I took her to the boathouse first, and theta when the coast was clear, to the stables. But she was more dead than alive; however, my old ally Ben and I managed to bring her round, though she only escaped with the skin of her teeth. And the little fool wanted to die, and abused me for saving her! It wasn't till I promised that if she lived that tog ther we would contrive to separate you from Miss Despord that she consented to get better. Was it, Win ""And' Despard bent down over the poor girl and tookher hand not unkindly.. "I am sorry now," said Winny, lock= ing at Graham. I . "But I have not' treated 'you badly, have Il" continued Desparilt: "It was her own idea to come to the-- Sondan, when she heard you were going Mr North.' She's a faithful little soul at any rate, iand the only time lever saw her in stage was once when I tried to make love to her. Don't look savage pray-she wouldn't liet me, and there was an end of it." " I am grateful to you at least for that;" said Graham.- .a' ' " She madq a tidy little servant;,I can tell-you, but: she'd stand nio nonsense. Poorlitttle Wit ! I am'i strryto see you' lying hlere, but I auppile yeou wiuld rather your old love looked after you than Ididl" "He has 'promised itnt to leave me," said Witny. : "Thank pyuo,'1 joir Des pard,.for you' lihave always been kind to me. but I will slay witth him.l Despard laughed, and again bent dswn and shook her hand. "Good-bye, then, little woman," he 'said "I-leave hei ins yar charge air," he added, looking rounad at.Graham! asnd you aad I cant settle our quarrel at a more convenient season,"' and with a little niod he strode away, and both Graham's a eyes 'and Wintty's followed him aslie went. " It is quitetrue what he said, Graham," she whispered a moment later; " he wos always kindto me-but-butht I wish he had let sse die-before I gave you any pain." " Hush, dear child, the thought of your death was my bitterest pain;, but try to, live now, WVinny, for my sake." "Oh, Graham, you never knew hliowI loved you-never, nevert-oh,,Graham, I would like to live now !" He knelt down beside her, and lifted her hiead pon his breasts; he pustheld back the shoit dyed hair and kissed her brow. "'And where is all your pretty hair, Winny il he asked. A little tender smile flitted for a mt, meit over her lips. SHe had it nmade intoa a wig," she said and nasshe spoke, Grahani remtaebereid the long fair hair he bad seen glias eting in the moonlight at Wargrave on that terrible highi when he believed WinVty had risen from the dead. (To be continieeL .) 