TIDAL PHENOMENA AND OCEAW CURRENTS. **-*?*» Sib,— The article you publish in this ?veiung s Inqutrer, based largely onin formatiMi furnished by CaptauT Croot as you say. contains a wide field of interesti I bave felt positive that the recent wrecks of steamers on the coasts of Victoria and N«w South Wales-those of fteL7^mS andRivenna to wifr^njghf some dav » touna tq nave been the result of electrical disturbance in the sea, and perhaps some abormal development of local inajnietism in the rocks of the coast itself. Wrecks de and will occur, no doubt, as long as shiot remain to be wrecked. Steamers one after another, in command, not of masters who lave a first acquaintance with the coasti bus captains who have grown erey in fee coastal service, are poked here and there ashore, nnder lighthouses or upon headlands, which one w«uld think they could not hit against were they to try Such mishaps sometimes happen almost without any apparent cause-often, seem ingly, without any want of skill or care on the navigator*, part, though perhaps upon official inquiry into tie cwuTbf a. casualty it is discovered that had ?opn/^8 been taken the misfortune might have been avoided. Bat it may be that the astronomical influences by which according to tiis explanations given b^ astronomers, the oceans of the wocM ate affected, are not sufficiently borne in mind and allowed for in regard to their mode of operation, and perhaps it is open to ques tion whether the stranding of ships, which so frequently occurs, may notkometimei .A arise from causes connected with the tidal* condition ef the ocean, as to which no satis factory solution has been arrived at by as tronomical and geographical experts. A. affecting navigation, then, it would mani festly seem to be a safe role that, with re ference to any coast or shallow water which a ship may be approaching, or in the proxi -~v ~* .u« Bue may nappen to be, it is neversafe to rely upon tte ship's dead reckoning, or npon anythingdse than actual verification of positaoa, whether by unmistakeable lights or landmarks or by the use of the sextant. If hgnts or land marks, and the bub, or the moon and stars, are obscured, a navigator, even in waters which be knows full well at all times of the year, may discover, when it was too late, that the tedious process of plying his Imd would have saved him from disaster. In these dafs of iron ships, and the cargoes of machinery or other iron goode or ores, with a break-neck pace rf steaming, it would seem especially desirable to bear in mind, not only that the magnet has its vagaries, bnt that tidal effects are ever varying, and are extremely insidious in character, for they may be «m»i'g a ship to be imperceptibly stealing on towards danger, or they may be mysteriously shallowing tbe water beneath her. And when to these possible incidents are added those connected with the progressive and retrogressive, or it may be the permanent though gradual changes in the direction and velocity of currents wlrch are ever taking place, the adoption of all available precautions against casualty would seem to be the more peremptorily expedient on the navigator's part. Instances of traitorous local magnetic influences— a potent cause of mitytiief ? have not been wanting in various parti of the coast of Western Australia— notably between the Murray Heads and Garden Island and between Mt. Hill (Irwin) and Mt. Fairfax, in Moresby's Range, at the back and to the northward of Geraldton. Along these portions of our coast the de flection of the needle is always varying , alike by changes of wind and curre nt and at the same time erratically— so that any special sailing directions to navigators to adppt an inshore route could only ba hazarded at great risk to Jife and property. The best advice the master of a ship— and especially of a steamer feHilt «of iron— can possibly act upon is to disregard all abstract propositions with regard to local magnetism and give everything a wide berth, thereby making certainty doubly sure if even at the cost of an extra ton or two of coal or an hour's extra delay in reaching port. MEECATOB'S GHOST. Perth, February 26. 