A FREE HMARKET. The literal meaeihn of the word "Fair," In its commercial sense, is a' "free market." In other words, a "fair"meanai market~at which all and every may.'purchase or not without being subjectedJto feedor tax, and also where alliand every can sell with out any such disabilities as attach to ordinary markets. At.one me the fairs in England were great features in the social and industrial life of the people; but, since the establishment of railways, and the quicker int' co .uniucation which has resulted, these fairs have rtty well died out,amatterperhaps for regret, In some respects, but inevitable under th.' anged condit -' of the national lice. Here n Australia faire are unknown, indeed verylittle of the old fashioned methods obtain in thesofastgo-a-headcolonies. Life fs not so slow and lethargic as in Europe, and business is done with a movement and force to which, even in this day, few provinclal folk in the old country are accustomed. This, however, is a necessity, following upon our freer and more prosperous condition, as well as the awakened energies and Intelligence of the last half century. Life, too, though longer in its average than our worthy forefathers enjoyed, is still too short for slow or cumbrous methods; and the art now is sought in all directions to doas much in an hour as 100 years ago was accomplished in a week. This, however, is not a matter for marvel. If we live at higher pressure, we obtain higher rewards than the old folk could possibly earn. The average earning capacity, and therefore of expenditure, is a hundred fold greater, and is more equally distributed than in those "good old days" which sentimentalists are continually regretting-people,by theway, who are of similar sapless constitution to that of Lord Manners who wrote:- "Let science, learning, arts and commerce die, But give us back our own nobility."' People nowadays have money to4epond, and as educa tion and a higher intelligence have taught them how to spend it wisely, we find great establishments, such as Foy and Gibson's, of Smith street, Collingwood, springing into existence, whose purpose it is to supply to a well-to-do population, the comforts, ,the necessaries, the elegancles and refinements of home life. Here we pause to make a correction. We have said that fairs are unknown in Auestalia. We are wrong. At this present moment, the firm we have mentioned, - Messrs. Foy and Gibson, area [conducting a? giganti Fair, : and to use: =a graphic, though perhaps somewhat vulgar, expression, "it is a sight to do sore eyes good." Any theatrical manager 'who mayhappen past Mesers. Foy and Gibson's great shope during the.day must, indeed, have a large: and generous mind if he forbear from' a sleh of envy as he notes the throng and press of people into and out of those places. All moved by the one impulse--anl!eger desire to availthemselves of the advantages offered by Foy and Gibson to purchasers during their great Fair. To the benevolent it ust give pleasure to reflect that at least 90 per cent. of these crowds are rendered happier by their attendance at this Fair. The young wife who has become possessed of one of those elegant mantles, of which such numbers of surpassinog beauty and grace are exhibited, will have a sweeter temper and more contented spirit than has hitherto ruled her. The matron who has secured. one of those splendid Brusoels carpets at 48.6 d. per yard will feel a greater pride than ever in her home. The country gentleman who has pur chased his suites of furniture for the home o which he shall presently conduct his bride, is filled with a sense of importance and repoenslbility, to which hitherto, during his shittless elovenly bachelor days, he has been an utter stranger. In a word, it is] imposaible for a reflecting observer to look on at the ceaseless influx and out - flux of visitors to this show to be insensible to the circumstance that these fairs serve a higher purpose than perhaps ever entered into the calcula tions of the originators themselves. We do not sup pose that Mesmsr. Foy and Gibson, when contemplat ing the establishment of these faire, took into rec koning the philanthrople aspect of the matter. But as a rule moral good follows upon all honourable en terprise, and Messrs. Foy and Gibson when they reckon their profits, may, if they please, add to them the important, though intangible balance in creased popular contentment. There is another lessontolearn fromthese fairs,and that is, that in the hands of capable men, no affairs however intricate or complicated, are beyond the influence of method. The rules by which this great establlshment is governed, are even as the laws of the' ]Ledes and Persians. A fixed system-result of' long experience-mnd large business ex perience, controls every detail of the busi ness, so that matters go on like machinery, and to our mind, with much of the throb and pulse of the steam engne. Some ideamay be formed by those who have never visited Foy and Gibson's premisce of their sire when we inform them that the frontage extends i 220ft. to Smith street, and that there is a depth to Little Oxford street of i0ft. The grea a show rooms, filll with thepcostlisat of feminine raiment are enormous apartments. We wonder if ghosts of departed belles assemble here o' nights and, midst dainty silks and velvets, and laces, and other bewildering matters, taste again some slight flavour of the delights which once moved them in the flesh. We do not believe in ghosta, but, as we have Mr. I Shakespeare' nuthority that there are more things 5 in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy, it may be on the cards that ghosts of de- h rnted fair ones do revisit these scenes of first delights and mingle In spiritual sympathy with the a substantial throng at Foy and Gibson's F;airs. b Ieopl--ladiMcs in particular-who want a new eensatlon, oughtto spend an hour or two at Foy and 0 Gibson's Fair; and if they, having done so, do not experience a sensation as of one who has beheld anew rovelation, all we can say i that they must be very blast and plnyed out. For such people there is but o one resoure--patent-mcdicines.-lAnuvy.l P 