itmnnt |lotrs. The resolution arrived at by a meeting of civil servants held in Brubane, the other day, to form & 9*^? Service Association is bnt another indication of the prevalence of that spirit of mntual assistance and support so noticeable in the present day. Formerly trade societies were limited to very few voca tionm. The lawyers, the parsons, and the doctors were the fiist to fonnd them. Then came the artizans, and it if not witiiont interest to remember that, u a body, the memben of the older associations bitterly opposed the formation of these new organisa tions; endeavouring, first by law, and then by a system of boycotting— although the .term was not then known — to prevent tradesmen allying themselves together for mutual belp. Now we have the latest development in tile aroodattonj formed by those in the service of the SUte. Here also some little .opposition was experienced ; the old idea that an iron discipline saonld be maiDtained in the public semos,' «nd that any combination savoured of mutiny, m not whotiy exploded. Bnt that also has ai length been dispelled, and within little over a yearwe have had formed in Queensland three distinct Aswistiwis, the members of which ate all drawn bom the Civil Service. The fiat of these was the Teacher's Aasociatian, the second tbe hallway Servants, and now we have tie 4Xvil tSemee ftisMititniin There ia a large number of officers in the Education and Rail way Departments, and these very properly f«rmed distinct oodetiei to guard their own interests ; the other Department*, however, while employing a large number of officers in the aggregate, nave but small detachments singly, and it was therefore wise tojormone large Association embracing all eemnts not entitled to irembersulp in either of the other two oiKanbations. That there is not the slightest hint of antagonism to the State in this action of the Civil servants is amply shown from the objects of the Association, as defined in the first resolution, and also Irdm the farther tact that one of the Minister! of the day, Mr. Donaldson, presided at the open-' ing meetinc. 1 he Associitian has been formed 'for the purposes of facilitating the ducussion of matters affecting the welfare of the mem bers of the Civil .Service, for the promotion of -their interests generally, and for the en couragement of a spirit of onity and fellow.* ship throughout the service f it is to be of an '* absolutely non-political chancter.11 - It may be thought it will be seldom any need will arise for the assistance of such an Association in determining the relations between the State and its Bet-rant*. -That may he true ; still the necessity for such a society was experienced last session, when the Civil Ser vice Act was passing through Parliament. At that time Parliament was asked to put the entire Service on a totally different footing, without any opportunity of discovering the opiniuns ot those chiiBy affected by that change. That Act will require amendment some day, and other matters, unforeseen at present, are sore to arise, in which thie Association can be of very material assistance to both Ministers and Parliament. Then the social benefits of such an organisation are not to be derided ; there is otten a hauteur and exclfuriveuess exhibited by tome of the senior officers that tends very seriously to discourage junior men. The Association will have none of thii. As Mr. Woodcock vciy pointedly put it: 'It was one of the ideas of the promoters that tab was not to be simply a ' bosse-i ' association. It was not to be for nnder-aecretaries, chief clerks, and such like swells. It was for everyone in the service, and all were to have a vote in the management of the Associa tion.' If the Association attains even in a modified degree to the aims of its founders, there can be no doubt it will prove of great service to both State and servant. At length there is a prospect of the now ancient quarrel concerning the proprietorship of the Murray watera being disposed of. For long the colonies stood on their dignity, New South Walti* especially, and declined to make any advances l-iwirds u settlement. But tliis has f-rowu tiresome at last, aud the other day Sir Henry Parkes intimated that N'ev Sooth Wales would name arbitrators, who would sit with others appointed by Victoria and South Australia, to decideon this much vexed question. It is not a little remarkable that the lawyers are chitfly ia blame for this dispute. When the boundary bettreeo New South Wales and Victoria B*aa determined it was not fixed, according to custom, down the middle ol the stream, u^t ru the Victorian b^nk thus nutting the wlicle bed of the river in -Iiiew ixmtb Wales. Bat if the latter colony owns the bed, it is Victoria that mainly ?opnlief the water, and herein bare we the chief pomfai fn tills - tixoeedmgly laetly quarrel. Waters cannot get along very well . without a bed of some kinds andarivet bed without any water is not much of a po»-( session. For years this legal divorce of the river from its bed did not cause trouble ; , there was water and to spare for all. But' with the drawing away of enormous supplies by the irrigation colonies at Mildura and Kenm&rk; there arose a scarcity which threatened to become a positive drought, and then came appeals, protestations, and bad blood generally. How the rival claims will be disposed of it would be idie at present t surmige. From the first the owe was one eminently suited to arbitration, and it is matter for congratulation that this baa at length been recognised by all parties. The resolutions passed at a meeting of the residents of Hughenden, held on Tuesday night, and reported in this issue, illus trate veiy forcibly the difficulties met with whenever special advantages are granted to any section of the people. It makes little difference whether tfaoee to whom these benefits are extended have a good claim on the State, or whether it is to the advantage of the State, quite, aa much as the individual, that any reduction in the dnties or rates usually charged should be given. The fact stands out prominently that Brown is charged less than Smith, and immediately the latter concludes he is in fnil possession of that much cherished property — a grievance. 1 he Hughenden people are fully convinced that the fiailway Commissioners, in making them pay 25 per cent more railage than those who live, one hundred miles west of that township, are treating them very badly. With the selfishness peculiar to such people they ignore altogether the fact that those to whom the reduction is granted, will stOl pay much more for die conveyance of «ay a ton nf flour from the coast to their own door than the people of HuEbenden.* Vay more, so utterly blinded are the people of the northern township to all but their own conoann, that they actually have the effrootry to ask that the rednctaon should be given ' irrespective of distance from the terminus'— in other words that the people of Enghenden should Set a rebafes of 26 per cent, bat the residents of every fownship. along the railway . ahonld be charged frill rates.' It has been argued that all differential rates are era. Sweeping assertions like that generally carry tear .own refutation. JUffenmtial zates' : are abnpl/ ?pedal rates nnder another name,. and if , the first abrald never be given, then no case can' be madeontfortteseoond. ' If the ddlarBntial rates granted oa goods ooming from, or going to, some pl.oe distant ?? specified -dittauoe trout the terminus ought xo be abolished, then so also ought the special rates granted for wool and other cmda. The fact that the ex ception is for Suttame, instead of bo some special article, does not alter -tin ab ?traet wisdom or foolishness of the reduction. The whole qnes&mof; the expediency of the grant is determined by the reasons advanced in its favour. In the present instance' the Hallway XJommnanonen save a. remarkably sound defence for their action. Toe differen tial rates have been struck for the purpose of securing to Queensland railways the trade of tfce colonies of Queensland ; that is rarely a legitimate object. -At present* large portion of the traffb of tbe extreme south-western part of the colony «oes to Hew South Wales. In order lo attract' it to their own railways the Commissioners offered special inducements; were they not wise in so doing! Again, the .western districts of the Central Division trade almost wholly are the Cemmissiohen to ait with folded hands and aee this traffic, which rightly belongs to them, pass away to enrich another colony ! Th. Commi«siwMTs evidently think not, and in this they will have the hearty support of the colony, except perhaps the residents of such little Fedlingtous as finghenden. 'How doth the little busy bee,' Ac, are lines with which we are all familiar, but it will be new to many to learn that the tiny boney gatherer is about to be elevated to a position on a level with that occupied by Uolloway's Pills and Warner's Safe Core. Though the climate of Queensland is a splendid oue for people afflicted with certain conlSiaints it is not unfavourable to rnenmatism. Indeed, that is an ailment of which persons of certain constitutions are unable to get rid. They will hear with pleasure that a few stings from bees form an almost instantaneous and com plete cure. A doctor in America, and one in Viennai seem to have made the discovery of the curative effects . of bee stings almost simultaneously, at least intelligence of their operations reach us at the same time. The latter declares he has had upwards of ISO cases, and all have been successful. The Yankee medico, of course, throws a bit of humour into his account of how a rheumatic nigger underwent the curative operation, while ignorant of the actual operator. While powerfully sharp, the medicated lancet did ia work effectually, and Sambo, who had been a supple in the forenoon, was fit to nlav font. bill in the afternoon. All that is necessary is that a few irritated been be applied to the seat of the rheumatism. They immediately ia&ert; their subtle implements in the soft rieumatic flesh, wliicli makes the patient fidget at the time, but the relief afforded is so quick that, like Slavin in tbe prize ring, he comes up smiling, and goes away happy. It does not appear that auy particular kind of bee is needed to do the job. to it may be worth Mr. Whiteley's while, when he makes a trip to the Emu Park to as3ertaiu if there are any rheumatic p.tienta about, to whom he could lend his Italians. No doubt under a little stimulus they would prove themselves ministering anijeli to the afflicted. EUht or ! fen »tin;-« bare been found eufficient in each casa. Should this new cure for rheumatism become popular, we shall have our apiarians pBt a line «, their Hie ldt» 'Bee, toVri^! matmm.' A. the Cyprtos »re' the Mt wicked, and apt to i£|« .tte **2** ' ? notice, and wiSoutpro/ocation,*hey will be , regarded as experts. No doubt aome.of our , rheumatic subscribers win try tins new omelor their affliction, and our readers will be pleased to hear the remit. ? In one of the most charming of bis novels, George Macdonald laments that all through life, oue is continually, and with much satis faction, putting away some troublesome pro- f blem as at length finally solved and settled, only to discover a short time after that the question is as tangled as ever ; and what was l-mdly believed to have beenfiniabedanddone with, calla loudly tor attention. This evil fate seems to be tne.lot .f two or three well-known gentlemen' in thU city. A short time ago mnch indignation «ai«-^. pteawd at the unblushing manner 4n wlajh , ...: we wen being robbed of cur trade by the ; differential rates prevailing on the Southern ; and Western BaUway. * The Chamber of Commerce took np the matter enetgettcaUyj; -. Mr. Archer went down to Brisbane *pemally. .- , to put the ease before the Commissioners, and . atlengthcameUienewsthattbewholetbingwM settled— Mr. MaUdeson had agreed to grant ' similar concessions to the Central' BaUway, - and the new table would be issued forthwith., .-, Then followed universal congratulation and,, hand shaking. But alas, the joy was short' lived. The table is out; ana1 as a result, the ' ghost which everyone thought was finally laid j walks the streets of Hockhampton.as boldly as ever, to the no amall perturbation ,of . . certain timorous souls, feomeone, with' an abnormally developed faculty for discovering fearful thing*, pnt it abroad that the new regulation, granting a rebate of ,SB per oast. . on the lapsse charges of all goods sent to pr from places distant one hnndred mfles and over from Snghenden, Saltern anc Ghario-' ?' vflle, would n-b Kookhaiipton of *oth Hhe :? i. Mnttabnrra ana Tambo trade,' It «e aajdv . , that as.Mnrtshnrrs was over one hundred . miles from Hoghenden, and less than that dis tance from' Saltern, ill the trade oT Bre -' ' district would go to the northern tenuinnfin'i .-. order to smare the rebate. Again, .wtm Tambo, that district is far «ast of pattern., .s and to trade, from. and to Sere conla not. : '' claim this reanoHoo; hat -ft i. ' 5mo*V - b An wh* ^OurievlBe,: 'eaeV ovar i ? --- hundred miles; d»»-anV. aad-owe -«jg»' -?-? onunosVoid wrOToomnmilv^ ' f ' ' Orssabafoner'a recent circnUr.aod pre»iiu»'-.;:; ' ordora. i nsirilnasi lasiss ii.snilsiail ??!» siisi . . '1^'tL'M5StiS_?PW(l IWmSfc **2t- ''' ££!&?&&&?&&& ? Tambo trade -firrt: the re»afa5cshbejll.a«(ll,!-.. at OUrlevaie,:on^ tarsttafic^wisj^hjar, j.:: due wriatito the'Souft AnsfaaHaa -boritri'; ra- Those who imagine that Tambo earn benefit *y ,:tr.: a regulatioa^och as that muat have an,«Xj»j -. ceedingly Jiazy notion of ..the geography, of ~ {QQeensland. Then ae to Saltern anfl ilA^iinti'H ' -1 den. The regulation «il«tiHotiy:etat«s' that ° the jvbate (hall apply oniy^s plaoea, oX.tbr.v -:? required distance, aiuated Vwsat, snath*. , . west, and north-west' of these termini., , \ Bow «m.e«rth .'any penon with even an' elementary acquaintance ?with tte diatAct - -'a-j eonld bring . tbemaelves . to bsiiem jtoati ;i . Mnttabona lies to the west -of » Jine , . . drawn scnth-west Jcom JBnghenden passes' . . comprehension. If anyone wilt tain the '* trouble to draw on the map two lines, '? one naning . aouth-weat ..from . Ungben-* . : ??_. den, and the other north-west iromSa&n;,, ,,.r he wiU discover that, afnttabnna Mies jfar to ? the east of either ;'~and not only that, imt he ':' wiU fina that while' Wfiiton lies east of toe ~- r. line drawn from Hughenden, it U aituatsa-, . west of that stretching from Saltern. , XJw ,, . . remit, therefore, of the xegulation is that Tambo and Mnttabnrra are quite unaffected by it, while the Winton people wfll reoeive a ? ' rebate of 25 net cent« thev send and rebeira ' their goods ria Saltern, but not a penny of a , reduction if they patronise Hughenden. Will this information soothe to rest a few sorely troubled mortals resident in this city! If not, we hope the Commissioners will issue a map, with the lines beyond which rebate may be claimed clearly marked thereon. To do ao would be an act of purest, charity, and the Government might fairly charge the coat against ?' medical oomforts.' 