GHOSTS IN CHINA. A Country in Which the Super. natural Forms a Feature of Life. There io probably no country in which ghosts play so prominent a part in tile daily lifo of the people as China. There is no question as to believing in grhosts. Everyone in the Celcslial Enmpire does that. If a man faile in bonineas le sets to work wondeorng whose spirit or ghost was resporsible for his misfortune ; if he is exceptionally eueiCCeSIu he does not forget to be thankful to tile denti zen of spiritlnnd to whel;e special aid he at trihutes hie ucceeos. Travellers among the Ohineeo have been struck with the authenti city of some of the ghost stories. though on casionally they have come acrose instances in wlioch tihe belid was father to tLee fact. In one of these It guilty conseience csaued a man to believe he was hanteld by the ghost of his formrer partner. The former's name was Chang and the latter's hli, and on one ocoasion they were bothl out on the river. Li was leaning over thle edge of tie boat, and Obhang pushed him into the water, so as to ccsurs the thwhole business for himself. No. thing was heard of the unfortunate victim, and the survivor took hllarge of the businless, abstreating enough clash and secreting it to make any possihls inquiries fruitless. As the anniversary of the tragedy approached, ChanOt became very sick and was grcatl rnrmed hbun apparition which threatened lu,,,,·'Lo,,=jl'urwwz?uco was re. ptealed lhe year following, and this time Chang was so imprsesed that hae lost no time in making not only full, but even exceasive restitution. But a fatal ban seemed to be upon the man, and, business falling to a minimum, hie decided to move. tie loeated in a distant city, and while huntingt up a re. aideocoe he met what he supposed to be Li's ghost. At might have been expected, he protested warmly against the persecution to which le was subject, and asked what more wans expected of him. To his surprie tilhe supposed ghost repudiated his ghostliness, and assured Clhanig that he was no spirit, but flesh and blood. liThe terrilied Chang ex. plained what had happened, whereupon Li, with Oriental stolidness, remarked : " So my fallinginto tire river was not an accident I I had neglected to pay duo respect to tie spirit of my father, and whent I tumbled into tihe river and was nearly drowned, I thought it a punishment nor my impiety." Tihu the ex. planation itself allords a proof of the general belief in the appearance of spirits and ghosts. Extraordinary precautions are taken to neutraliso the evil influence of ghosts, and thi is specially the case when one man has killed another. Then the glhost of the mur. derod man is supposed to haunt the mur. darer both day and night and to thwart hir every undertaking. The man thus haunted is oareful to Irkeep idols i his sleenoping apart. ment and even to carry a miniature god in his pocket. Ilo does not fear death at the hands of the ghost, for hbe is satisfied that the date of his death is written in the book of fate, and that rno power, divine, spiritual, or material, can change that record or expediato iris demise. But short of death i ist i his be. lief that ihe ghost of his victim can and will do him avery injury in hlis power. The ghosts of suicides eare distinguisthed by wear. ing red silk handkerchiefs, aend is a good do. fence in a trial for murder that the deceased's ghost hae been seen thus bedecked. Only the foolish are supposed to be in danger from ghosts, and it is a severo re. preach to say of a man, "I o is afraid of ghostsl" The ordinary epctreo is looked upon with mingled pity and contemrlt, and is believed to i?t?tdilly cowed by anyone eon do.eal with an average amount of seltlpos. ermsion, the only trouble being that few bpeople ar', Iall.possessed wa(ur confronted with a epirit in rsemiemnaterialitsd form. Tihe most dicrepeutable class eof ilhots are those of deanerred prspere, andl thero is a peenilar eoremony known as loto "appreaing of the burning mouths." On the day oet ap urt for the purposa plaBten ero filled with cake and labelled with invitations to thel rhonorable homeless ghoost"'-a title which includer tho spirits of these wholo surviving relativer in tile flesh either cannot or will not provide for threm. 