FOREIGN. The last descendant of the great Italian family of Farnese, Prince Forncse Arif-bcy has died at Constantinople, aged 62. The family is now extinot. The art critics of tho great Brussels journals are unanimous in pronouncing the Waterloo monument not only a remarkably tine, but, what is more, a really original, production of artistic genius. Six grooms and a coachman have already con veyed to St. Petersburg a hunting carriage, which is one of the presents destined by tho Emperor William for the acceptance of tho Czar. It is mado on the model of one belonging to tho emperor, which theCzar used and admired when he visited Berlin. A nest of malefactors has been discovered in Rome, mostly makers of false paper money. The rooms in which they used to meet were dis covered to be museums of stolen objects, and many valuable things have been recovered. All tho mnchinety for stamping the false notes was received and destroyed. By the late cyclone in Finland, almost unpre cedented in so northerly a region, some 120,000 trees have beon blown down between Viborg and Vilmannstrand, The sound in the forest of the crashing timber, as whole alleys were swept down, is described by those who were witnesses as tremendous. Tho sea from a dead calm was lashed into a maelstrom, and no fewer than 45 vessels were wrecked. The ghost scare which lately arose in a num ber of schools in Berlin, and lias since spread to the Buburbs, has assumed the character of a nervous disease. In ono school a panic has been created by a young girl who was frightened by a window curtain flapping in the wind, and there have been similar occurrences in several schools attended by children of the upper class. The educational authorities have taken energetio measures to allay the excitement. The number 3 has always played an impor tant part in Bismarck's fife. Tho arms of his family bear over the motto 44 In trinitaterobur" three trefoil leaves and three oak leaves ! all caricatures of him represent him with three hairs on his head ; he has three children, Her bert, Wilhelm and Marie ; he has three est&tos;, Friedrichsruhe, Varzin andSchonhausen ; ho has fought in three wars, and signed three treaties of peace; he arranged the meeting of the threo Emperors, and established the Triple Alliance. Finally, he lias had under him three political parties, the Conservatives, the National Libeials and the Ultr&montaues; ; and he has served three German Emperors. A German officer of high rank who played a not uuimportant part in the Franco- German war, and who in military matters is an admitted authority, has recently returned from the Russian military manoeuvres. "While admitting that man for man they wore not a match for the Germans, lie said, u Their quality is so good that I fear their quantity." His belief was that the Germany army was far from being as efficient as it was in 1870, and he did not conceal his im pression that another war with France would be a verydifferentaffairfrom tho last one, even if it wcrcconfined to n duel between France and Ger many, while be regarded with grave apprehen sion the possibility of a Franco-Russian alliance. Owing to cold weather in the district, wolves havo already mado their appearance in the Department of tho Haute Marne. At Pr6s-sur- Lafauchc a young man on horseback was going through the woods the other night when he sud denly perceived a pack of wolves almost at the heels of his horse. Luokily the traveller wa9 accompanied by a watch dog, and had a good revolver in his possession. The determined attitudo of the canine companion and the judicious use of the revolver frighiened the wild animals, and thoy scampered away as the traveller approached the nearest village. Iu tho day timo the wolves succeeded in carrying off several sheep from farms in the same district. The peasants regard tho presence of these pests as a sign of a severe winter, and have resolved to org&aiso; hunts on a large scale, with a view of preventing future depredations among their flocks. Tho horrible sight of a man slowly roasted to death by a livo electric wire was witnessed recently in Thiry- fifth-street, Broadway, by thousands of people who were powerless to aid liim, bciug afraid to to touch him. For fiftocn minutes thoy watched the awful sight of a man caught and held among tho network of wires strung overhead at the top of a pole by the safety straps which prevented his falling. The spectators who had poured out of the neighbor ing theatres, which had just closed, stood rooted to the spot with honor wliilo the fatal fluid passed through and through his body. Tho blue flames issued from his mouth and from within the clenched hand?. The snarks appeared at his knees and began to slowly burn, while a cry of agony could bo heard by every ono near. He hung there till an oxport eleo- trician happened to pass, borrowed a rubber coat, climbed the pole and cut the man down. Beforo reaching tho hospital ho was dead. The latest development of duelling is begin ning to prove too much even for Frenchmon themselves. The veteran Julo Simon has just given utterance to his scntimeDt9 on the subject, in a manner which ought to go a long way towards putting an end to the so called 44 affairs of honor." 44 1 should like to' know," he says, 44 what a duel proves beyond the fact that So- and-so has had a better fencing master than somebody else, or else that ho was in better con dition than his adversary on the day of the encounter. When ono of tho combatants is killed, what must bo tho reflections of tho victor as he returns home ? Of those two men wlm wAnf. imi nnlv d nnflflAr rtf an hour A£0. ono is a corpse tho other is a murderer. Tho provocation must havo beon very great if his conscience can reassure itsolf over so littlo. For a long time he will have no sleep. Every day he is liable to meet a woman whom ho has mado a widow, and children whom he has mado orphans." An amusing and absolutely true story is run ning tho rounds of tho Press in South Araerioa, and it is one which is peculiarly characteristic of British pluck and insoucnmcc. "Whilst tho Government and insurgent forces were fnco to face in the recent Argentine abortive revolution, pouring deadly volleys of bullets into each other's ranks, an English tourist and his wife, arrayed iu all the traditional equipments of puggarees, &c.;, quietly pushed thoir way througli General Boca's troops, and, taking their stand in tho very front, coolly levelled their field-glasses to survey the fight, with tho same sany froid which they would havo witnessed a sham combat at home. General Roca — viho sinco has beoomo Minister of the Interior— was so struck by their courage and inveterato lovo of sight-seeing at whatever risk, that, turning round to an aide-do- camp ho remarked, 44 No wonder tho English are the ruling race." This incident occurred w tho Calle Levallo at. Btionos Avre 