^AN IRISH STORY. BY 0. 81. Beautifully situated in a pleasant vnllcy of tho Whrto Knight'n oountry, at the foot of the Cralter Mountains, was tho oabin of Liny Dodd and his wife. Thoy routed ft onbin nnd n few acres of l&nrt;, which they oultivnted vith great care. Thoy \ ero in dependent, nnd resptoted by their neighbors., they lovedehoh othei1 in a matrimonial sort of way, and fow had moro appearance of contort about thom. ; iiarry was n ham woruing, and oooasion ally hard drinking, Dntoh-built Iittlo man, with a Uddlo head and n round body, a Btoady-going, straight- forward ftllow, only when he carried too much whiBky; then, it rnust ba ooiifessed, ho pould not walk tho ohalkod lino with perfeot acouraoy. Ho had a moist, ruddy oouutenanoe, rather inclined to an exprcBGioii of gravity . Toko it alto gether, he was genernlly looked upon an ft proper person, notwithstanding tho fact that io had every day in tho ye'nr, u oort of un holy dew upon hia face, even in tho ooldeat weather, whioh gave rise - to a Buppoeition thatLirry wan apt to indulge in Htrong po tations. Howcycr, nil men of tulonts have thoir fiiulta — indeed, who is without them ?— and Larry, letting noido hia weaknets, wua n :moat diHtinguis-hed man. Ho was a man, of mixed hab'tg, in his mode of life, his drink ntd his ooBtume, Ilia dress accorded with hiB oharacter—a uort of halfnnil-balf between farinci' und horeo jockey. Ho wore a blue cont of coarBO olotli, with shott ekiitb nnd n Btanding collav ; liis waitooat wsb red, and hia lower hnbilimonls were nindo of leather, which, in oourso of time, had shrunk bo muoh that they lilted like a cccond okin, nnd long uao had abiorbod their moisture to ouch n degree that they made a crackling boiso us ho moved alone. A hat covered with oil akin, a whip, nil worn nnd pnfind at tho end, a pair of second-hand, or, to epotik moro oor rectly, necond-footed, grensy lop-boote, that seamed never to havo aeon n blaoking-brush, nnd ono spur with n rowel, aouspletcd tho everyday dices of Larry Dodd. Tlma equipped wan Larry returning from Oiishol, nionnted on n rough-oontcd and ono eyed nay, though, notwirhatundint; theeonnd a few oilier triflint; blcmishcH, n well-built nnimal ; having just purchased the imid nog, with n fancy tlint ho oould make his own money ngaia,nnd maybe turn an odd penny moro by it ad tho coming Kildorry fair. Lirry, well plenned with himanlf, trotted along tho road in the lingering twilight of a lovely Juno evening, thinking of nothing nt nil, only whistling and wondering would horsnn always bo so low. ? ' If thoy go at this rate,' said ho to him self, 'for half nothing, and that paid in butter-buyers' notes, who would ba tho fool to walk?' This vory thought indeod waa passing through hia mind, when bin nttontion wna nroi'Bed by n woman paoing quickly by tho sido of his homo, nnd hurrying on no if endeavoring to ronoh her destination before nightoloBcd in. Her figurn, oonaidoring tho ongBtricies bug tooit, appeared to bo under ;hc oommon size — rather of tho dumpy irder, bnt whether the damEelwns young, old, !air or brown, pretty or ugly, Larry could 'orrn no notion, owing to the faot ot her wearing ft largo oloak, tbo hood of whioh was turned up and completely aonoealod every feature. Enveloped in this maBB of dark nnd con jenlinR drnpery, without much exertion tho atrnngo woman contrived to keep up with Larry Dodd'a stood for eomo time, whon hia master very civilly offered hern lift bahind him ob far aa he was going her way. ' Civility begets civility,' they sny ; however, ho ro oeived no answer, nnd thinking that tho lady's Bilonoo proceeded only from bashful nesB, liko a man of trua gallnntry,not a word moro onid Larry, until ho pulled up by tho Bido of a f/ap, and then said ho : ' My Iittlo girl just jump up behind mo without n word more, though novor a ono have you epoke, and I'll take you nnfa and sound through iho loncfomo bit of rotul that ia hnforo us.' Shu jumped nt tho effor, suro enough, nnd up with her on the baok of tbo horso, ns light as a feather. In an instant sho was seated behind Larry, with hor hand and arm buokled around his naist, holding on. 'I hopo yon'ro -oomfortabla thoro, my dear?' naid Larry, in ilia good-humored way. ' ? . ,: -.-. . uuo mero. \7as no answer, and on thoy wont— trot, trot, trot,: along tho road— aud all wofloofltill that you might havo hoard tho sound of tho hoofa a tuilo off j thora wna nothing else to hear exoopt tbo moaning of a distant stroam.that kept tip a continued crooning, like anurao hushing a babe. Larry, who had a keen oar, did not, how fjver, riq'iira so profound n fiilenoo to deteot tho eliok uf ono of tho shoco. ' Tis only looso tho shoo ip, said he to hiB companion, as thoy woro juat entering on tha lonely bit of.road, Some old trees, with br.anohea foatoonod with ivy, gio«v our a d \tr pool of water, whioh hud been formal nn a drml ing plaoo far oattlo. Horo tho horoo made a.rleud halt, andLany, not knowing what vioious tricks hia now purchaio nnj-ht h \\\a aud unwilling that, thruin'i inv odd ohancn, tho yourig woman uhould get' spilt ' in tho water, din mounted, thinking to lead tho animal paat tbopool. ' By tho piper's luolc, that nlwnys found what ho wanted,' said Ltrry, recollect ing himself,' I'\o n nnil in my pocket ; 'tis not iho first timo I'vo put on a shoe, and moybo it won't bo tho last, for here ib no want of paving Btonos to mako hammora in plenty.' No aooner waa Lury off than off with a Bwmg enmo tho woman, just at \m tide. Her feot touched tho ground without making the ltnet noiso, anti away she bounded, lilce an ill mannered creature nu slo waa, without Baying ' By yourloftvo,' oi uo matter what clue. Slie ueemed to glide rather than run, not along tha road, but across n field, up toward tho old ivy covered walla ot liiluaslattery Church— and a pretty ohuioh it wo,'. ' Not bo fast, if Gyou please, young woman, not bo fast,' cried Lirry, calling att»r her, J Out away ^ho ran, nnd Lwiy fol'owed, his leathern ' garments already desoribod oiaok, oraok, oraokling at every ctup ho toOlr. i f , ?? '' V/here's my wagCB ?' Baid Lirry. ' Givo mo n kiss, my gul ; Buro, I've earned a kue from your.,protty lipi, and I'll bavo it, too \'\ I3ut eho wont on faster nnd faster, rognrd Icbs of thcBB nnd other ilnttwring Hpceolus from horpurmor. At last nhoo«nioto tho ohiuchyntd wall, 'nnd thtn ovci with her in an Instant. -? i' ^Yell, well I Shorri a might^smart oron tnre., npybon I To bo fluro how neat elia stopg. Hid anyone o\f\ Bee Iho liko of that before? Bnt^I'lI uot bo baulked by any woman thatjtvci wore a head, ov any, ditch, eilhei I 'ccyfaimed Liny,nH, with adespernto bound, / ho vauliei), scrambled and tuinbl'fl over Iho wall mto Iho ohuroh ynrd. Up ho got fiom tho olngtio sod of a nowly made RravL, in whioh Yodo Leary that moininj. \h\b buried— ipst bin soul I— and on wont Larry, .tumbling ovor hoadotones and footatonee, over old graves and new s/rnves pieoes of oclllnp, nnd tho skulls niid'boneB of daad men— the lord Bnvo us I— that were eoattcrcd about there na plenty ns unving Btoncs, flouudering amid grunt overRronn dock leaves nnd, braniblcii that, with tbeir long, priokly nrma beenmo tangled around hui limba aud held him back with n fearful grnnp. Mcnntimo 11: o marry woman in tho olonk moved through nil these obatruolionu ns evenly nndUa gaily as if tho'ehuiohyn--d, oiowded up |r it w«o with (fmYea and grave! plonrp, had brcn t^e floor of u dino ngroom n mud md round tho v.alla of tin old ohuroh Bho we t. 'I'lljujt \wirt,' cm 1 Liiry, Bcotnj,' thib nnd thinking it a'l nothing hut a tnok to frifhten him. 'When buo oamen round again, if 1 don't take the kuo 1 won't thiitM all , nnd horo tibo is I ' Lsrry Dodd oprang forward with open aims nnd clasped in thorn — n woman, it ib truo, butn woman without nny lipu tp kiss, by renson of hor lmving no head I ? JIurdci I' criod ho. ' Well, that aa oouutB for her not speaking I' Having iittetud these wordn, Larry him self became dnrcb with fear and nstonioh ment ; hia blood Bcemod turned to job, and a dizziness oamo over him. Staggering liko a drunken man, ho rollod npajnot tho broken window of tbo ruin, horrified as tho oon viotion that ho hnd held a ghost in hia em-. b»acG. . . ' When ho returned to aomothiog liko n fool ing ot eoueoiouoncas hoalowly opened hiu eyos, nud then indeed a scene of wonder burst upon biro.. In tho midst of tho ruin stood an old' whoel ot toituro ornamontod with heads. This was plainly visible in tho Btrango light which npread itoelf around. It wan fearful to behold, but Larry oould not ehooab biit look, for ho was powerless through wonder nnd fear. Ho would have shouted for help, but his tongue oleaved to tho roof of. hia mouth, nnd not otio word oould ho day. nil) oyco almost smrted from their B'ockets, his bri'Rct re--ted oh the thinknesnof thowftll, over whioh, on ono Bido, bin head nnd out s'trctched r.nelc prr-jictcd, nnd ou tho other, although ono toe touched the ground, it de rived no Biipport from thenco ; terror,. ns it were, l;c|ii Jum bslanosd. Sirango noises appr.iled hin earn, until nt lnst they tingled painfully to tho sharp olatter of lit.tlo holla, whioh iippt up u continual ding-ding-ding. Jlnrrowlcsa boccs rattled and clanked, and tho derp nnd solemn sound of n great bell ccmo booming on the night wind. : ? It was Btranyo musio to dinco by ; novcr; tholoan, moving, to it, round nnd round the wheel sot with ukullf, wore well-dressed ladies nnd gentlemen, nnd soldiers nnd sailors, and prieats nnd publioun.i, nnd jtiokpya and Jennica, but nil without their iiendf'. Lirry did not know what to think. Ilia brninn were all in ft mift, nnd looing the bnlnnco which he hnd bo long maintained, he ti 11 hand fniimioet into tho midst of tho com pany of ghoBtp. 'I'm dono for nnd lost forever I' ronred Larry, with hia luela turned towards the BtarH ; niidBOUEel down ho o&mo.; ' Weicomp, Lirry Dodd, welcome !' oried cvory head, btAbiug up nnd down in tho nir. 'A drink for lurry Dodd I' Bhouted thoy ns with one voioo, that quavered liko a shako on thn bagpipef. No eooner eaid than dono. Ono of tho number presented n. brimming oup to Larry, who, to Bhow bio manners, drank it off liko a man. ' 'Tis capital stuff,' ho would have said, but ho got no further than ' onp ' whon de capitated wna ho, nnd hiB head begnn dniioing over hiB shoulder. Larry, however, wnH not tho first man v/ho loat Iub hond through tho temptation of looking nt tho bottom of a brimming oup, Nothing moro did ho re membor clearly, for it scorns body and head being parted is not very favorable to thought. When bin BenaoB returned his first not was to put hin hand to vchero hia head formerly grow, and to his groat joy thero he found it still. Ho that], shook it gently, but bis head remnined firm enough, ami, oomowhat ro assured by this ho prooeedod to open hia eyes and look around him. It wna broad dnylight, nnd in tho old ohurohyard at KihinBlattery ho found himanlf, with his head ' upon the lap of earth,' Could it have been nn ugly dream ? ' Oh, no,' said Larry, ' A dream oould never havo brought ha here, utrctohed on tho flat of my back, with the death's head and cross-bones tormenting mo on Iho fine old tombstoco of Pat Kearney of Kileroa— but wbpro is tho horeo ?' Ha aroso slowly, every joint aching from tho bruises ho had rcooived, and went to tho pool of watoT, but no horBe was thorc, . ;. ' ;. ' 'Tis homo I must go,' Raid Lirry with n rueful countenance. ''But how will I face Nancy 1 -What shall I toll her about tho horso, and tho two pounds he coetine? 'Tib thorn ghosts that havo mnde their own o£ him from mo, tho horse-stealing robbers of the world, that havo no fear for tho gallows I But what's gone is gono, that'a n olear (JUKU. ? _ So saying ho turned his steps homownrd, and arrived at his onbin about noon without encountering any further adventuroa, Thero ho found Nc\noy w1io,rb ho expected, looked nn hlaokasfgn thunder-aloud as him for being out all nisjht. She listened to hia marvelloua relation which ho rbvo with exolnmntionfl of astonishment. When ho had ooncluded, with expressions of grief at tho loss of tho horso ho had paid for liko an honest man, she saiii ':' ? ' ' Bit what took you up to the old ohurch at all, out of the road at that timo of night, Larry V' Lirry looked like a oriminal for whom thcro was no ropriavo, Ha Bcratobed his head for : ah exouBO,' but not one aould ho muster up, bo he knew not what io E.iy, -. ;; : ,' .;.'.-' ??.??.' ? . ' 0 Lsrry, Ljrry,'mutterod Nanoy, nfter waiting for Borne timo for hio answer, ' it's talkingwilh a g'rl you were — an' you a married man 1 Confess tho truth I' Lwry shuddered at the tempest whioh ho peroeived was now about to break upon hia devoted head. ' Nnnoy,' enid ho, ' I do oonfees, It was a ivomnn without nny head — ' ^ Hio wife hoard uo more. '' A woman— I knew it wns I' cried bIio. \- i-us a woman wnuout aliead.liirtv I Well, it ia long beforo Nanoy Gallagher evor thought it would oorao to this with her I That nho should be left desolato nnd alone hero by hor ba'itG of a husband for a woman without a head I .0 father, father, nnd mother, mother, it is well you nro low to-day, that you don't eoo this eiUiotion and dis grace to your daughter that you rnred deoent and tender I 0)i, Larry you villnin I' You'll bo tho 'Jenth of your lawful wife, talking with suoh vilo oraythers !' _' Well,' said I.nrry, putting hia hands in his ' coat poukotn, ' lonst Fiiid is soonofit mendod. Of tho young woman I know nothing!, but this I do known, that a woman without a head may well bo oallod a Good woman, becnuso she has no tOllRHOl' How thia remark operated on tho matri- monial disputo I will leave my readerH to im agine. It ia, however, roportnd that Nanoy had the last word. Mvflratword to nil raenai-.d boys who cam to hear mV io, Dau't get into debt, Btarvo ami go to lioavcn, but don 'c 'borrow. Try (hot begging, I don't mind, if il'a really needful, stealing I But.doa'c buythingn you can't nny 'tor !— It jiikin.* ?- . .-'WiiKstha BongM gono out of your life- you can't start anolhor while it'n a ringing in your ears'; it'a hont to have n bit of siknoo, and out o' that innybo a psnlm'U eomo by nnd by.— Edward O.\rrett. ' Tim maelstrom attracts moro notico tlian the quiot fountain , a ojmet draivs mnro attention thnn tho jitoady star, but it ia hotter to bq mnelatrom, nnd star than comet following out the uphora and orbit of' -iuiet UHofulnesa in whioh God plneia us.— John Hall. ' i '» ? AiTiiOTATio.vs in any part of our oarringo ia lightini? up n oandlo to our defeotn, nnd ncvor fnila to mako un tnko notioo of it, cither ns wanting cenne or einoerity, ' Mobt people would auccGCd in small things il they wero not troubled with (jrouVambi Uona.—konijtcllow, 