A Year's Probation. ' BT BTANLEY MORTON. ... -I'taix aUEEBSLAED.BlOBIS.BSSaBVBD. I I t,",1 i- .. . In Five InsTAiatBHTa. ir. \- . One evening, when I bad been complaining with mote than. ordinary bitterness, the baron suddenly drew; forth a moroooo wallet from his .breast pooket and threw it at mv feet, then 'knblt before me. " My adored one," he exolained, " the time iB oome ! . I will no longer-permitonoso fair, so fitted to shine in, Courts, to reign 'as Baroness yon Vogue in "my oastlo on the Rhine to suffer as yon do' here. 'Bee — this wallet contains banknotes three ' times tho amount of tho fortuno you seek to' Win. Take it, and come with me ! We will find some good olergyman who will make us man and wife. Then wp will, go to tho mother yon bo much love, and carry to her the gift I now be stow upon yon. Afterwards we oan journey to my CBBtlo on the Rhino." " Never— never !" I oried, as soon as I had reoovered from my astonishment. " How dare yon, sir? Marry you? I ' would rather die first!" - . I wrenohsd my hand from his grasp, and would have fled, but he Boized my- arm and de tained me." : "Not so fasti"' ho said, wiih an' insolent laugh. " After, coming hero to meet me night after night, thus giving no all the en couragement a man could desire, you cannot throw aside my olaim. You are bound to marry me !" " Never — never !" I oried fiercely. "Weil, well. I will not bandy words; but listen to me. To-morrow night, at 10 o'olock, ' a post-chaise will he in the road half a mile from the park gates. It will wait half an hour, and you will meot me there. The stars fore token it — adieu 1" He relinquished his hold of my arm, pioked up tho wallet, and disappeared. I ran wildly in an opposite direotion, till, panting and trembiiDg like a hunted creature, I stood in the hall of tho. Manor -House. Even Aunt Deb's presence was weloome then ; but it was a sorry greeting she aooorded mo. . " You are late niece Dorothy," she said, with unusual suavity; " and I have pleasant news — may it act as cordial on your spirits! The vicar, to whose saintly ministrations you ware bo greatly indebted during your illness, left Kingalea to-day. _ He has gone to briag home a bride. Wo wish him every blessing, I ain sure." ' I felt as though an icy hand were laid upon my heart, and my head seemed to swim round. " Prithee, girl, do.you see a ghost ?" da- manded : Mrs. Deborah. - "My oordial has made you grow pale, and you litter no good wishea." Her mocking laugh roused my pride. Making a great effort, I dragged my weary feet slowly up the stairs to my own roam, ana cast myself face downwards upon the bed. I knew thea why the Baron's proposal had so exoitad my indignation. I had given my love to another, and had given it unsought. All through tho dark silent hours of that night I lay wounded and striokeu, givibg.expiossion to my,woe in an occasional groan. The morning did not bring mo muoh relief. Dreading my aunt's sarcastic inferences should I fail to fill my accustomed plaoo, I went down- staiis and set. about my ordinary dutiea. I might have spared myself the pains. Mrs. Deborah had heard of my " disgraceful esca pade,'' as she was pleased to term my meeting with the Baron von Vogne, and all that summer . day she kept me busy labelling jellies and pre- . serves while she harassed me with acrimonious reproaches. Much that she said I failed to understand, bnt I learned that, aocording to her code of morals, I hud in some way, incom prehensible to myself, compromised my fair name, upon which an ineffaoeable stigma of dishonour would rest for ever. She said she intended to lay my deplorable oase fully before our spiritual counsellor, when the festivities that were sure to follow his return should per mit him to attend to parish affairs. ' At even tide nothing but the prospeot of a penitentiary, as tho only place where Imigkt to some extent retrieve my fatal error, remained. I was not permitted to seek my ohamber till after supper. A fow moments of quiet con sideration might have prevented my next aot of folly. As Ienteredmyownroom, the great olook chimed the half-hour after 9. Without a moment's delay, I seized hood and oloak and stole softly downstairs again, out of the hall ,door, and intq the park. Ten olear strokes rang out as I roaohed the entrance-gates. A . rapid walk quiokly brought me to tho plaoe of rendei- vous. . The baron had not failed. Opposite to the pairk palings, inihei deep Bhadow of a clamp of trees, tho post-ohaise waited. I oould hear the impatient horses champing their bits, and could discern a man pacing to and fro. The baron did not come to meet me, so, with the- courage of desperation, I ran aoross the road. Befqre I realised what had happened, I . was taken up and lifted bodily into , the ohaiae. The man took his seat beside me, and the horseB started at full spaed. Then, when it was, alas,' too late, some idea of the conse quences of what f had done began to dawn upon my mind. : Very shortly the oarriago stopped. My com panion 'got out, and, without a word, lifted me out too. A faint hope of deliverance mads me look-round. I was in front of "the old Manor House, with Jonas bv mv side. ' "Saved— saved!" I ' dried, in joy at my esoape. " Jonas— Jonas— how oan I; thank you ?" -r! ... a . .... « Foolish, igirl, : you : do. ' not 'deserve the resouo!" ' . ' , "Xdo hotdeBerve it," I agreed, hanging my head meekly. ..it: . 1 I olung tightly to His arm while he led me: into the house. He took me into' the. kitchen and pnt me in alow ohoir on the Hearth ; then, raking together the . embers of the dyin> fire, bnsied himself in . preparing an appetising repast. Not until I had taken some food — I had oaten nothing: all day-uffid' he allude to the oiroumetanoes-in whioh he found me. ; . V Nowjlet me know the troth with regard 'to this, affair,'.'< he-maid quietly. > I told him the' truth-; but- 1, did not speak of /the Vioar'a marriage. . . Oh. ohild; why. did you aot sdmadly ? Why 'were you not -patient a little longer? It. was so unlike; you i f he continued, atter a pauso. " What made you do it ?" 'i I could not answer. : . I felt the crimson 1 tide -rush into my tingling, oheeke; I co vered my f aoe -with my hands, trembling, vielontly; . . ,1 I ".Well, welij" eaid Jonas gently,- now go to bed, Fatienop shall bring yonr breakfast in jtho morning. -Do-not. ooma down till- 1; send for you. j.-I.have.a -word to say, toyour aunt whioh .would be better spoken' in your absohoe." ,. : /'. And the Baron?'.', L ventured to inquiro. . " Girl, :the man yon met. in the - shrubberies wae no-foreign-nobleman, bnt a.drunken groom ! whom— whom MatthewiMaddisen'-dlsoborged a year ago.) You cannot -be too grateful for yhuf ..deliverance." , , , ... 1 ; .-. A: day or two. afterwards tloained that the Vioar had not left Kingalea, andthatiho report ; .of his marriage was false. . i : ' ,, 0,1 >> . if.you please, . Miss, . Dorothy, ;,.yqu;re wanted," said, tho under-housenjaid. - ilt was a! dull November evening; and I was just folding upmywork.- ,, , ; What isit,, Joan?," leaked, following the girl into the. hall: , , : ! ."La, it isn't I who wants you, Miss Dorothy! ITisDamo Burton." ,.f " Dame Bnrton,— that queer old .womaujwho'' lives on the hill ?' What oan she want with me — endtOTnight,-too?" ; y,-._ ; "Says Bhe's dying— leastways, . sont a£ boy tosay itforhor.".., .... . , . "Dying! Then, of courso, I must aoqedolto Heirro'jiWBt:" 1 ' \- I 'set adt dCclining Joan'o offer to aooompony me; -'Tho hiti' iipon 'wHicK'-Damb :BurtonV , dwelling etoodrosepreolpiWuoly frdm ; thd dell — .\i jt-; i -.a:, at abont a. mile from tho village . of Kingslea. In, tho summer , time, when ' its' stoop sides, oovercd with broom .and bracken, wore aglow with colour , and beauty, the cottago at its ' Bummit was by no means an unpleasant : habitation, bnt toiling up tho rugged' ascent on this dreary night, I decided that no ono in thoir senses would choose such a homo. Standing in the dark porch of tho solitary dwelling, I for tho first timo felt ssrious mis givings as to tho wiadom of the enterprise, and was very muoh disposed to turn 'my hack upon the cottage and retrace my stopa at once. But the rain, which began to fall softly with the dnsk, was no w_ descending in a ateady down pour, I was fatigued by my long and bnrried' 'walk, and the reason of my oomiag had lost. none of its urgency. . ' ' Summoning all my courage, I knookedatthe ' door'; ' hat there was no answer. I knocked again, stilly there was no reply. I tried the lateh ; it yielded to my toncn. Crossing the threshold, I found the cottage in perfeot order, and a great fire burning brightly on the hearth, bnt no one was there. Throwing aside my wot oloak, I sat down in the dame's armchair aad waited. Minute .after minute passed ; still no one came, the silence being broken only by tho noisy ticking of the. old Dutoh olook. to be concluded To-Monnow.' 