A BROKEN HEART. (Br ' Tasma.') ' CHAPTER II.. LADT CHABLTON'S BALIi. _ It is three weeks since Maud Munroe listened with such eager interest to tho story of Violet Leigh's revenge ; and it is also the night of Lady Charl ton's ball. All is glitter and excitement at Charlton. House, for .this is the last ball of the season, and everyone is invited, and amongst those is Maud Muuroo ; and there is also a special invitation for Violet, or old Lady Charlton had taken a great liking to her sad, Ivautiful face the very first time she saw her. ' Why, Violet !' Maud said, as sho handed her tho invitation, ' once I was a favorite of Lady Charlton. but you have completely eclipsed me ; I shall really be-r gin to feel jealous.' Violet gave her a quick, questioning ??? glanco, as though she were trying to find out if Maud's words contained any hidden meaning, and then smiled sadly. .. , .' 'z ' 'Don't bo jealous of me, dear Maud, ,;. ipr really you have not the, slightest ?: cause ; it is only out of pity that she has ' .invitod mo,' she said, bitterly. ? ., ' .Oh.i Violet, do not wrong her so, for she is a good old lady, and a kinder friend you could find nowhere. I know her ' bettor than you, and I know it is because she has taken such a fancy to you, ani not out of pity, that you are invited.' Violet Leigh smiled bitterly as she an- . swered— .. 'Do not talk to nio of friends, Maud, because I do not believe , in friendship ; it is all shallow, selfish deceit.' ' Oh! but you must come, Violet, really you must not think of staying at home,' Maud said quickly. , ' Oh, yes, Maud, I will go,' Violet an .swored, and thus the discussion ended i and' accordingly at the appointed time, Maud and Violet arrived at Oharlton Houso. Old Lady Charlton came bust ling forward to receive them, and wel comed them cordially. As they entered the reception room a general murmur went round as to who the beautiful young lady was. Violet, was a graceful dancer, and she was soon surrounded by many partners begging for the next danco. Many an admiring eye followed her as she waltzed gracefully , through the mazy waltz. , 'Whoever the young lady is,' said one. old veteran to, another, 'she is decidedly the handsomest woman in tho room ;' and, just as he spoke, Maud Munroe passed, leaning on the arm of a tall, handsome man,' about twenty-five years of age. ' Miss Leigh is about the loveliest woman I have met,' he said, as they passed out of hearing: ? A pained, jealous look flashed into Maud's face as she answered, ' Yes ; she is very pretty.' ?'? 'No, it is not altogether prettiness/ was Captain Armstrong's roply, ' but she looks as though she had a sad. history. As if,' he added, ' she had at some time suffered a great deal.' At this juncture another partner claimed Maud, and tho Captain crossed to the place where Violet was standing and claimed her for tho next waltz. , ' The Captain seems charmed with your friend, Miss Munroe,' said Maud's part ner ; ' see how enraptured ho appears to be !' Maud looked in the direction indicated by her partner, and her face grew pale as. death. ' Heavens ! Miss Munroo, aro you ill P*' he cried, in the greatest alarm. ' Do sit ? down. Can I do anything for you !' ' No, I thank you, Mr Jonnings, it is only a passing faintness. I shall be better directly ; but I should like a glass o£ water.' : . ' Certainly, Miss Mnnroe, I shall be back directly,' was tho reply. And Maud eagerly drank the water and tried to appear as calm as usual. She . had partly succeeded, when she becamo aware that someone was singing. Sho looked up, and saw Violet seated at the . piano and Captain ArmstroDg turning over the loaves of the music-book, and as she listened she thought sho had never . heard anything so beautiful. 'Twas a . love-song she was singing, and it seemed like tho wail of despair coming from a broken heart. These were the words of her song: — I cannot mind my wheel, mother ; I can not mind my wheel ; Tou know not what mv heart must know, ' you feel not what I feel. Mythreadis idly cast, mother; my thoughts are o'er the sea ; My hopes are fading fast, mother, but fear you not for me. I cannot mind my wheel, mother ; I can not mind my wheel ; You know not whnt my heart must know, you feel not what -I feel. I had a dreadful dream, mother : 'twas of a ship at sea ; I saw a form amidst the storm, I heard him call on me ; I heard him call on me, mother, as plain as now I speak ; I thought my. brain would burst, mother — I thought my henrt would break. I ,cannot mind my wheel, mother ; I can not mind my wheel ; You know not what my heart muBt know, you feel not what I feel. ? I cannot mind my wheel, mother ; my true love's o'er the sea ; And yet one word — one word from you would have kept him here with me. I cannot mind my wheel, mother ; I con- ? not mind my wheel ; You know not what my heart must know, you feel not what I feel. The beautiful voice rose in such a wail . .of despair, and then sank to such a sad yearnmg, that no one could doubt that the words came from her hoart. It sounded like the cry of an imprisoned bird longing to be freo, or the cries of rher poor aching -heart as it struggled to free itself and fly to that absent one. As' the last notes died away, IViolet Tose from the piano, and congratulations flowed in on all sides, and they begged her to honor them onco. more'; but she firmly declined, saying she really could not sing just then. The ball? at length was over, the guests departed, arid the great recoption-roonis looked empty and deserted in the palo moonlight. Maud anA Viniof wprfi t.hfi first to tro. for Maud had no heart to stay and watch Violet's conquests. For the first time since she had known her, Maud was irritable and constrained with Violet, but Violet did not notice her coldness, being weary with the night's oxcitement. Next day the captain called, and Maud seemed so annoyed after he had gone, and seemed so relieved when Violet left the1 room, that the latter was surprised ; then all at once the truth dawned on her. ' Poor Maud, you love the captain, an'cf you are jealous of me ; but you need not fear, darling,' she murmured. 'I am not so ungrateful as to forget a friend, for although I do not believe in friend ship generally, yet you have proved yourself a true friend to me, and I will never stand in your way ; and though I did break one girl's heart she deserved it, and you do not.' Then she slowly made her way to the drawing-room where Maud was seated, and kneeling by her side she put her arm caressingly round her neck. 'Maud, dear,' she said gently, ' do not think ihe ungrateful for your kindness, for believe me I am not.' Maud Munro looked at her companion in surprise, and Violet continued — ? Maud, I want to leave you and go away from here altogether,— to go again into the cold, cruel world, and find fresh scenes and a new home.' Maud, now thoroughly aroused, looked up in astonishment. 'How is this, Violet ?' she said', 'Have I been so unkmd to you that you wis'2-- to leave meP Has my home' been so un congenial that you would find a new one P Tell me why you have resolved so sud denly to leave me.' Violet answered hurriedly, ' Believe me, Maud, it is better that I should go — better and wiser to go than stay ; and do not be angry, for perchance we may never meet again after I leave you ; but I have guessed your secret — you love Captain Armstrong, and I must not, dare not, stay. And do not grieve for me, dear,' she added, ' for I shall be quite safe and will write to you.' Maud Munro's face flushed, and the tears gathered in her eyes. ' No, Violet, you are a dear, unselfish girl, but you must not go ; what would I do without you,' she said, passing her hand over her companion's sunny head. ' No, dear,' Violet said quickly, ' rn,y mind is made up ; I cannot stay — I ^ugt To to'inGrfdw.' ' ' ' Tomorrow ! Oh, Violet, you never mean to go so soon ; surely you will stay a little longer,' said Maud, reproach fully. ' No, Maud,' was the sad reply ; I have caused enough misery, and i can not, daro not, stay- I will go bytrain to-morrow to Statham, dud stay With; Iny sister Ada- until I see my way clear ;' and rising as she spoke she tenderly kissed her companion's brow and walked slowly from the room. ? Violet passed slowly out of the draw ing-room up the broad staircase, and.' enterinu her room she shut the door and sank wearily in a chair by the open win dow. ' Is it to be always thus P' she said, Tjitterly ; ' is love to be always tho hane of my existence? Am I always to be so cruelly persecuted for my childish folly P 'Would to Heaven I had died before I met Oharlie Darrell, for since I saw his false, handsome face, everything that made life bright has vanished ; even my trust in God has deserted me. Oh, it is a cold, cruel world. Charlie ! Charlie !' she cried, ' why did you ? deceive me ? — why did you win my heart only to trample it under iootr Uut tor your false vows I should now, perchance, be happjT and contented ; but, now ? ' Here her head sank wearily on her breast, and hard bitter sobs shook her slight form. But, by-and-bye, she be-' . came calmer, and rising from her seat, she began slowly to pack her belongings. ' Ah, dear old room that has seemed to me such a haven of rest, never more will you witness the storms of this broken heart,' she falteringly said. ' Soon shall I go f torn here to a home no one knows where. Would to Heaven my next home were the grave, for I am weary of this torture, weary of the world and every thing in it — longing for that dreamless sleep that comes to us all, sooner or later, and knows no awakening. Mother ! Mother !' she wailed, ' can you see your child now, as you look down from the Heavenly Home that vou used to sine of to me. Are you looking down from Heaven and grieving over your sinful, re bellious child P Oh, my heart 1 Are you so weak that you cannot forget the false face of the man who despised you and trampled on your love P Will you never cease to grieve over one who has, no doubt, forgotten you? Oh, but it is a weak foolish heart that cannot forget it. -- ' ? ? ,._ » .. n _ -I »n ? _. _ ? iiij.'J tne one wno irmeo. wim you so urueuy. Then, rising from tho bed where she liad flung herself, she bathed her flushed face and brushed back her beautiful curling hair, and after taking another sad survey of the room, she descended the stairs, and slowly and sadly made her way to the dining-room. 'As she entered the room, Ifaud turned a woeful, tear stained face to her. ' Oh, Violet ! How lonely I shall be. when you are gone,' she said ; ' I shall feel lost Jcannot make myself believe that this tfme to-morrow I shall be alone.' ' 'Nonsense, Maud,' was, the *eply ; 'you will get another companion livelier, more cheerful, and altogether an improve ment on me. And nowi dear,' she added, ' shall I ring for tea P' ;1, 'Yes, please, Violet''; NI suppose .to morrow evening I shall behaving a, soli tary' nieal here,.' .was the mournful reply. Neither ate much'; both were in a deep,re,verie;, Maud was thinking of- the lonely days in store ,for her. /for? she was an' orphan, and her only, relatives were living in the country. And .what was Violet thinking , of P Triplet Leigh is again brooding . over , the' past, and her face' grows .'darte as night as' the past in all its. mournful gloom rises before her. 1 Tea was at last over, and the two girls drew near' the fire to have a last chat to gethbrj'but neither cared to talk.; both were silent and gloomy, arid they soon separated for the night. 'Goodnight, Maud,' Violet said, ten: derly embracing her companion ; ' plea sant dreams and sweet repose,' and then she glided quickly to her room. Next day Violet Leigh had gone f rop Granville' House for ever, and the train that steamed, slowly into Statham station bore her once more to the scene of her childhold. What sad memories the once familiar place recalled ! There was the atty, old-fashioned church in which she i worshipped, and here was the school where she first learned to read. She walked up the village street with a slow lingering step, stopping often to gaze at some familiar object, and it was almost dark when she lifted the latch of her sis-, ter's little garden-gate. Ada Ellsworth was standing at her cottage-door when Violet opened the gate. She looked_ at the stranirer for one moment in surprise, and then, running forward with a cry of delight, she threw her arms round her, sister's neck, exclaiming — 'My dear Violet, can it b3 possible that this is really you?' ' Yes, Ada, it i3 really myself, and not my ghost that you behold,' was Violet's reply as she returned her sister's- em brace. ' You cannot tell how glad I am to see you, Violet; it seems a life -time since you went away, but why did not you let me know you were coming— I would have £iet you , at the station,' Ada Ellsworth saia, firawing her sister into the pretty little pastor. 'I coulo. *°* 1°* y°u know, Ada, be cause I only knew myself yesterday,' was the reply ; '$*& truth of the matter is, I have left Miss i\5»nro-' 'Oh, I am so glad, her slster said cordially, ' for now you ai*0 hero I Shall keep you.' ! Justthen her husband came in, and he gave his sister-in-law such a hearty wel come that she felt at ease ; directly, 'So rou aave come back to us again, Violet,' he said after tea, when they wore gathered round the fire chatting. ' Come back to settle down and grow old like the rest of us ? You are tired of the world's foll^g &nd; long for a quiet, peaceful life —eh, Violet?' ' Yes, Phil., I have come-back, but. not to settle down ; yes, I am tired of ,the world's follies, but I do not long for a quiet life, for I do not expect peace on this side the grave.' 'Violet, Violet, my child !? Phil. Ells worth said, eagerly, ' you really must not give way to such gloomy thoughts, for there is not.only.peace, but much happi ness in stpre for vou.,' Violet Leigli snook her head sadly, and her brother-in-law continued. ' You must not judge the world by one man's deciet, Violet, you must turn your back on the past, and begin life afresh. Surely you have fretted enough, cannot you let the past lie ; must you make yourself miser able, all your life because' of one man's shortcoming ! Believe me, Violet, this is folly; you must not waste your life. Give ud erievine, and rest in -peace. ' ' Peace 1' Violet said in a tone of the bitterest contempt, ' where am I to find it, Phil P there is no such thing as peace for me, nor do I deserve it, I have sinned ; and I must pay the penalty. But why do vou pity me, Phil? for'I do -not pity myself, but I hate, hate myself for being a weak infatuated child quite deserving of my fate.' ' Ada my dear sister, why are you cry ing ? . Surely you are not weeping for me?' she said, suddenly happening to catch a glimpse of her sister s tear-stained face, ' for am not I quite happy,' and she broke into a carolling song. ' For,' she argued, ' I must appear happy, I must not make Ada miserable.' And she suc ceeded to such an extent that her sister dried her tears, and was once more her old cheerful self. ' Ah, Violet, though your sister could not see the bitterness of your heart ; yet there is One above, who saw it all, and was longing to comfort and console you, and draw you to Himself. (To be continued.) 