CHAPTER XXVII THE MARRIAGE EVE It was busy day, the 4th of December, at Rossmore, and the sun shone brightly Buring the morning, and the wedding guests arrivel without acudent n[?] delay I® S ,rJ ' 1 . Maud mci Alice Lee, had on pj, the long, cn'd j mrney, because Lord ,J ne i b) Non’s arrangement, had them at Kdmbuigh, where they had JtjHl the night, and iscoited them the rest , "‘J But Lady Baibira, who had . ,*i " on b n, th Her maid, had found the ]. a ltß e ''iH md drear, and the journey ru °i B'ddnlph had met her at the inn ne nest Rossmme, but she wis some Tinian -rntihle mood 'Mni 11 11 ' ras so ft') au, l the Lino' 0 » utl,n ?. Ineier would lm\e come, n '!° B ’ t ran tell jou that,’ she said, as her tatrlV ber out of the railway • " m * her rugs and furs after lier nr fathsr was quite right ’ ' To mai' V ' lS " l " <ru ' t ’ o re y headed, keen eyed tliai ’ P as t middle age, and was supposed E )i e " to ‘ i P o 'k her mind She did this as at rJ Crei the softly lighted drawing mom dulnh IT, r< \- ,laif 1,1 l,our liter, When Bid pronii, c j | iUK I introduced her to his 6 »nf T "ij 6 l- ,Lnnol n Istewai t, ai c y’ou ’ ’ ‘Well ' V H' lr bari, keenly regal ding her. ‘ He' ll . lre 2''oil to look at, anyhow.’ Bab *. °i i are m,t the Best of her, Annt Ptnn'ilKi is his eyes rested chme; 5 a ' Ul fomil y on the woman of bis m ,n truth, looking very hand olndi ti 11 6 ® Xu t e,l ient had lent a lovely to n tr r' '° r * illr cheeks, and she was dressed Her m.? I0 " 111 *1 gmen plush and otter, she cIj.J"! r .’ loo » " ,8 i ery ~ charming, is ‘lt i Pe ' Birbara’s bonv hind Barbin'’ *n ~f y nu to come, L idy ‘lf I I i, t l°"g wav,* she eanl ud “iiown it would haiebeenso cold, answered Lady Barbara, ‘ as I have been telling tins nephew of mine, nothing should have induced me to come. But, as I am here, I have no doubt I shall enjoy my as much as anyone does at weddings, at least.’ s Nora laughed softy, and saw about Lady Bab’s comforts. Then she took her up to the warm, comfortable bedroom that ass prepared for her, and Lady Bab glanced round approvingly. ‘ Yon have a nice place here,’ she said. The old Colonel’s place that James inherited, is not far off, is it ?’ ‘Just across the loch.’ ‘So jon two were neighbors, aud fell in love with each other, I suppose? Well, I think James has made a good choice, as far as I cm see, and I hope he will make a good husband.’ ‘I have no fear.’ ‘ Quite right to stand up for him; and I expect and trust that he mil. But don’t let me detain you from jour other gnestp. X shall make my appearance at dinner time.’ And a vety good appearance it was. When Lady Barbara re entered the drawing room, she wore velvet and point lace, and, with her grey hair and diamouds, looked a very dignified lady indeed The whole party soon assembled, aud Jock Fraser, with Jus shy, pretty, fair Minnie leaning on his arm, presently entered the room Nora led him up to Lady B*b, who received him graciously. \- ‘ And are -you to be at the wedding to morrow, Mr Fraser’’ she asked. ‘lam to have the honor of giving away the bude,’ answeied Jock ‘ She’s a handsome creature,’ said Lady Bab ‘ It’s a pity she’s a little lame ’ * But that was an accident, you know, and will nil go right in time I shall never forget the d>y it happened;’ and Jock sighed, and a far away look came into his kind biown eyes, for he was thinking of his boy Mrs Jock had refused to come, and also had declined to appear at the marriage ceremony ‘ Don't ask me, Nora, my dear,’ she said, when Non was piessmg her to do so, and teais came into her blue eyes as she spoke; ‘it would only upset me. Jock will take Minnie I am better at home ’ And Nora felt that perhaps this was true Mrs Jack’s jealous love foi her son would have made her miserable, seeing another occupy a place she had fondly hoped would have been his. But she had sent her Minnie; and this fair girl, with a blush and a start, h id recognised Lord Glendoy ne, whom she had not expected to see. He crossed the room and shook hinds with her in his usual languid elegintvvay ‘And how have you been’’ he said, just ns though he patted with her yesterday. ‘Very well—>t leist, not very well,’ answered Minnie, with heaving breast and trembling lips She was wondering if he knew all the dreadful story about poor Malcolm, and of their tiouble and grief. Glendoy ne did know all vbout it Oo the viay fiom Edin burgh Maud Lee had told him the sad details, and said she was so sorry for ‘poor Minnie ’ ‘ And so am I,’ he h id answered; and he felt really soiry, but the little girl who had b“en telling him did not Maud Lee remem as she gi ipluc illy detailed the tragedy in the Glen, that Lord Glendoyue was supposed to admire Minnie Fraser, so she though it as well tint he should know all the disadi autages of the family. But after dinner was over, to Maud Lee’s annoy met, Glendoyue found his way to Mu nie’s side msteau of hu own. He was a icry gentlem inly m in, and the thought of the poor girl’s trouble made him more attentive to her than, perhaps, he had in tended to be ‘Minnie looks very pretty and very b ippy,’ w hispeied Nora to Biddulph, who was be tiling over her ‘I know someone else who looks very pretty, mil veiy h ippy too,’ he answered. ‘I don’t knn v about being pretty, but I know I am very happy,’ <die said, softly, looking up at lus h indsome f ice She felt pioud of him—pioud of his loie, and Ins go nl looks There vv is no one like him, she thought; and Lady Birhara, looking at these two at thw moment with her keen grey eyes, u is sitisfied til it their affection foi each other was eery great They kept the party up late, hut at last Jock Fraser rose and said it was time for Minnie and himself to be crossing the water Buhlulp'i ilsa was going to return to Dun bum, as it is not considered lucky'for the bridegroom to sleep in the house the night before the mintage. Nora i ent out of the dnwiogronm with Minnie, and, after she hid pirted with her h ilf cousins, she was re crossing the hall, when she encountered Biddulph ‘ I li u e waited for one last sweet kiss,’ he said, diawmg her mm through Ins ‘Come down this co udor, Noi.i, and we shall be alone.’ She went up to him and he took her in his arm o . ‘ I like Aunt Bah,’ she said, softly’, lifting her dewy ey es to his ‘ I did not come here to talk about Aunt Bib, my dearest, my sweetest love. I thank heal in this is our last parting ’ About an hour liter, perhaps, Biddulph vvasetting in Ins own library it Dunham, thinking of Noi i still, md no man eiei thought of Ins fntine wife with mine com plete content Nora Stewart satisfied eieiy wish of Ins hent, and ciery desire of Ins soul She w is a perfect woman to Ins mind, physically and mentally—the fnrest, puicst, and most loiable lie hid eier known And tomorrow was Ins wedding cl iy 1 lo morrow, by this time, he and Nora would he fn away fiom here—far away from a place limntid f> r th*-ni both with such pniilnl iccolleetious still He got up !o stir I lie fire and light Ins pip" He h id not been in the ronm many minutes when he did tin-, and is lie hent oier the hie a slight noise behind Inin attracted Ins attention He turned shaiply round, and as he did so he staggeied back, the poker fell irom Ins hand, and a look of unutteiabli nonoi md diead came oier Ins fme ‘ Was he mad > H id Ins brain suddenly reeled oiei <’ lie thought, with quick fear. Ihere, s’mding between the half parted window curtains, winch bill been closed when he enleied the mom, was the form, the mocking face, of toe iionim who had once b cn h s wife, whom lie had seen 1 un in her grave in the kirkyanl of Balia. Biddulph was a brave man, but an inex pressible shuddering dread pissed over him at tins moment He put Ins hand up to his load, Im nibbed his eyes; it might he a de lusion It was there still, and the next moment the familial voice, the voice of the deni sounded on Ins shocked ears ‘lam afraid I hav i gn on y ou a st irt ’ ‘ W man’ fiend' why are you heie?’ now hmst from Btddulph’s white lip» ‘ Mhy hive you risen fiom the dead to distiub my peace’’ ‘ Pei Imps I have not ris-n from the devil, answeied those mocking lips, and the form slowly advanced towards him ‘I am awfully coin, James, may I come beside the file and have a ch it ’’ , , , , Biddulph stood staring at her, bewildered —horrified 1 You think I am a ghost, but I m not. Ihere, feel my hand and my arm; they are substantial enough;’ and she laughed She put out her hand and touched Bid diilph’s as she «poke; the hand was win m And the man, with wide distended eyis, With loathing, With sudden anguish, gazing at her face, caw it was seemingly the face of a living vvoman—-the ficeof Natalie. Oh, 6 id, the face of Natalie ' * What h deons farce is this? he cried. ‘ I saw you die; I saw you dead 1 How how arc y ou here’’ « My pool James, do you know I feel quite soiiy for you. I admit you have been the victim of a shabby tuck, and, on ray houoi. ,f I had not been obliged to do it, I slumlii have let you believe I was dead still It vv as not me you saw die, it was not me you saw dead; it was my twin sister, Josephine, and no one could ever tell the difference be tween us ’ , . „ ~ ... ‘Your twin sister’ repeated Biddulph, hoarsely, atilt staling at her fme. ‘lnever heird of a twin sister—of any sister The woman shugged her shoulders . No we did not mention the name of pool Josephine m the family circle. The truth is, Jami ~ that my twin sister Josephine made a sad fonl of liciself in her youth, some years before I saw yon, and ran away with a married man, and went down, down, I don t know where —very low, at anyrate, and my mother would never hear her name men tioned, bhe was supposed to be dead, in fact, but, strange to relate, she cast up last year, when I was at Monte Carlo, before I came down here to see you, you know, alter yon got jour money; but naturally I said nothing about her to you.’ ‘ And you mean to tell me,’ said Biddulph, forcing himself to speak, and then pausing, overcome by the horror of the position in which he fouud himself— ‘ you mean to tell me—that you are ’ ‘ I am Natalie Biddulph, if everyone had their due But I declare I am sorry for you. I did not know until I got here to night that to morrow was to be your second wedding day. You have been pretty quick about it, you know, James, for a l despairing widower;” aud again she laughed This misplaced mirth roused Biddulph to sudden fury. ‘ I believe it’s all a hateful lie !’ he cried. ‘I believe you are a fiend—some fieud in that woman’s shape ' I saw you dead. Go! don’t speak another word, for jou are dead to me V But the woman did not flinch. ‘lt’s all very fine talking like that,’ she 'aid; ‘ but I’m not dead, and I’m forced to come down here and tell you the whole story, because lam so h ird up Them— don’t swear, but (hit’s the truth. I’ve had afnghtful run of ill luck at Monte Carlo, and could only scrape enough moncj to gether to get back to England and come down here—indeed, 1 had to borrow it—and I must hue some, James Au 1, i£ you like, if you will pay me well for it, I'll pie tend to be dead still ’ I No word came from James Biddulph’s writhing lips Ho covered his fvce with his hand, intense* anguish overwhelmed his soul. ‘ Come, j on need not break j r our heal t about it I admit it’s rough on jou, but I can’t help mys'lf And it was not rnj scheme, but poor Josephine’s own, that m.vue her come to such an awful end. You re member the letter j’ou wrote me, telling me that it had got blown about here that I was really jour wife’ Well, when I got that lettei I was in a great rage, because you said in it you would put me back on my old allowance, if the story of our marriage came out Josephine was with me in town then, and she mged me to go dovvn to Scotland again, and get more money out of jou, is she said, jou evidently would pay’ my amount to keep the mainage a seeret. But 1 was ill at the time, and, as I told her, our interviews were never over pleasant. Then "he proposed to personate me, and declared jou would uevei fand out the difference ’ Biddulph put his hand down, and igain i began staring at the vvoinan’" face with a stern, searching look in his ej es ‘ We were the living image of each other, that’s the truth—even to the little brown mole on my cheek You remeinbei the little mole, don’t you ’ ’ Biddulph shuddered, spoke no word, but kept his eyes steadily on her face ‘ Poor Josephine had little or no money, and wanted to raise some to try* her luck at the gambling tables, as we had fixeil to go to Monte Carlo together. Well, to make a long story short, we settled between us that she was to go to Scotland aud eudeav or to get a thousand pounds from j'ou as a little extra hush money; and she was quite sure you would never find out the difference between us. I wrote the letters, but poor Josephine was the woman you were sus peeled of murdering. So, you see, I am not a ghost aftei all ” As she paused, Biddulph started to his feet, went up to her, uid, seizing her by the hand, drew hei beueath the bright lamp light ‘ Let me look at you,’ he aud hoarsely, gazing gloomily at her face * How do I know you ire not 1\ mg now, ns you hive bed alljoui life ’ Theie were two of you, you say—two devils. How do I know which y ou ai e ’’ ‘ I am, Natalie,’ s vid the woman, moving uneasily. ‘ You look changed. I begin to douot I shill seevou both face to lace —the living aud tne dead Then I shall know ’ ‘You won’t di ig the poor vvomiu out of hei gnve, sniely, will you’ Oh, James, spaic me tins’’ ‘Hive you spared me’’ he ansvveicd, in a hollow voice ‘ Do j’ou know what you have done’ lo tnoiiow ’ A groan broke fiom his white lips as he utteicd the last word, and his expression was so terrible tint it moved even the woman’s callous heart to some sort of pity ‘ Don’t make such a row about it,’ she said ‘ Get m lined tomorrow, as you in tended, mil I’ll not say a single word I’ll go away early m the morning, if you 11 give me a cheque for five thon»ind pound', and no one shall iver know I’ve bei n heie, ex cept that old man of youis, and you can bribe him too ’ Bidnulph flung back her hand, which he had been still holding in Ins fierce gup, as 'he 'aid lilt', aud once more sank down on a chair, and again envoied his face with Ins hand. A tempt itiou powerful, horrible—had rushed into his heart. Should he take her at her word ’—piy her, and let hei go away’, whoever she mijit be’ Her face sieiued dung'd to him—older, harder, but still the same face, the foe that had been tin bl ick bine of hi' life, and hail now come to snatch tne cup of joy from Ins lip» vthonld he do tins’ Agnn he looked up J he woman hid tinned her bvck to him, and was warming hu feet at the hie as he remembered at this moment «cemg N italic do, when she h id been in tins room hefoie Blit how did In know this was Natalie’ ii is hideous doubt—this likemss v Inch the vnman admitted was so stiong, nude the difference to him between mi'erj and joy, hetvv in happiness and u mttcrable shann ’ And Noi t ' At this moment Biddnlph’s eyes fell on one of Non 1 ' phntogr iph', which was standing fiaincd on the mantel piece, and as nc looked it it, at the fair, noble, gentle face, tint dark mil doubtful e\pie"ion passed away from Ins own. ‘I will imt he to hei, I will not deceite her,’ he mentally decided ‘ I 'hall go to her now, and tell her the truth; and to morrow, the woman that is jmg deni at Bdla and this woman shill hi put f ice to fine—then I shill know ’ He made up Ins mind He moved slightly, and tin woman at the hieplnci linmd inimd and looked at him ‘ ell,’ she said, ‘ will y ou agree to tins’ Give me five thousand pound', and I’ll not inteifeie with yon I suppose this is the hidv’’ and she pointed to Non’s poitiait. ‘ Ves,’ answered Biddulph, with intense biltei ness; ‘ that is the 1 idy;’ and he < inssed the mom as he spoke, and took Noias picli.ic in Ins hind, ‘Look at her face 1 ’ and he held the photograph while the woman could more plainly see it—‘ the face of a pure woman—of a vvomvm with an angel soul—to whom ivil is an unknown thing, and sin but a name 1 Tina woman was to be my wifi to Minnow; anil when we talked of our futnie life, how do you think we plumed to spend it’ ‘ As most people do, I suppose,’ nnsvveied the woman, with a shrug ‘Not in gambling, nor diunkeimess,’said Biddulph, with sculling -corn ‘Wc planned to spend it in honest vvotk, and trying to do some little good And do you think I’d de ceive such an one foi you ? Di yon think I vvou’d bribe yon tn go iway to night, mil fear y ou always like a mghtm ire ’ Don’t I 1 now what you would do if I vveie to put the hush money’, as you call it, into your hand’ Yon would lose it at your fav onte gambling tibles, and then come for im ic 1 — come with a threat—a hint, pel haps—m (he cars of-my pm e wife' 1 ‘ What do you mean to do, then V ‘ I w ill tell y ou vv hat I mean to do. 1 shall go now and tell the tiuth to the woman I was to many to monovv; aud I shall have the grave opened, where I believe Natalie is sleep ng still.’ ‘Then yon don’t believe a word of what I’ve been telling you ’’ ‘I do not I believe you are this tvvin gnter—this Josephine yon pretend came here ’ ‘I sweat I am not, James. And just think what you aie gnu g to do; think what this poor young lady will feel, and—and all the dreadful scene you will make if you open poor Josephine’s grave. Whit IS a little money to tins’’ And she ipproachcd him and tried to lake his h uid, but he pti'hed her away’. ‘Give me two tlion sind then, less even, rather than all this ’ Biddulph gave a harsh and hitter laugh. ‘No,’ he said, ‘I will know the trutn. You Imve brought this "ii yourself, Josephine—or Natalie, whichever you be— and I mean to lock you up here until I return from Rossmore—you shall not escape me now.’ ‘I should never have come if T had not been reduced to my last shilling Will you give me something to drink, for I am half fainting ?’ He crossed the room and opened a small cabinet, where wine and spirits vveie stand ing, and the woman eagerly drank some brandy. B ddulph watched her curiously as she did so, and her look and ittitude seemed terribly similar. ‘ That has done me good,’ she said, draw mg a long breith. ‘I can’t get on without it now.’ ‘ Yon had better take «onie more, then,’ he answered,’ ‘I am going now. I shall not be long away ’ He left the room as he spoke, locking the door behind him, and putting the kej into his pocket Then he opened the house door and looked out It was a dark and stormy night, fieice gusts of wind and ram diivmg past linn. ‘lt is no in itter,’ ne thought gloomdv; ‘what can anything matter to a in in going on an errand such as pane 11 ’ (To he continued ) 