HAUNTED STREAM. (P«03I Our Owx boHRESX'OJfDKN'T.).. Saturday " nat poor uulaiil ghost was over seen' wandering about these mountains'’and gullies to give'rise to so lugubrious’a name as appeal's at the heading Of this coiniiiuiiica tion I am yet at a loss to discover, hut as the inhabitants are by no means disposed to be either melancholy or superstitious, ;I qaunbt wonder that tl|ey changed the appellation bt the township iiito somctliiiigmo.i'o lively. and called it Stirling.. This; at least.sounds yjjll; since it agrees with the sterling gold that is found there, ; \- myHelti rambling amongst the mountains and gullies around, what a pity it is that some men of capital and energy, such as those pioneers'; of enterprise who established deep 'mining o.ij reefs in .Sandhurst, cannot l^e induced to givu this promising plane a fair trial. Surface reefing, however successful at times, is not sufficient in a country like this to test its true diameter. One of your correspondents hit the right nail on,the head when he pointed, out thr,t deep sinking is what we require here, itemombernig how well wl;aj, may be Called surface-reefs have paid lieie already, surely there is good reason • to hope that if followed down far oipnigh to reach the tree; formation and riiaiij reifs.'n golden". harvest would reward' the Isold adventurers. ' . Somewhat strained relations have existed for some time past’ between the prospecting .committee here and the prospectors, owing, 1 believe, to soine’ misunderstanding about the powers of the former anil the. duties of the -bitter, but. the 'dfsj.iitc'(jus been ssjltstauwrifr Settled atpis'tl aiiil if niay now bo hoped that in future they will pull together' inofe pleasantly. I must not omit to mention that we had a very pl-asaut social gathering at the me chanics! institute last night, where, blooming maidens and voiithfi’l swains joined in the lively dance, and '-we1 rfiay' be "fiiii-e—‘/’Soft eyes looked'loyi to etes w.hicli spake again’’ Without question foo “ Al} ■ ‘wc.ii jr.' n^rry. qj' g marriage 'bell’’ dxd-.'pt' perhaps to’ a few crusty old baelielors like myself, who look upon all these things as vanity—sour .grapes!. 