FICTION. From Engllth, American, and Other Period I call. I THE WIZARD^ LEGACY. CHAPTER VII.-(ContinucoT.) The lamps, the oomfortable feeling of being away from the moon-lit gallery, brought some relief, and Daffodil entered the dining-room with a breathless haste that made the gentlemen look at her in wonder. "Grandpapa!" she said-but then she became silent, for there were three listeners instead of the two she had left behind her. A handsome, dark-eyed, dark-complexioned man stood close to her. Major Chesham saw and under- stood her wondering look. " Daffodil, child," he said, " this is your Uncle Manuel-Manuel, this is your little niece, poor Harry's child." The dark-eyed gentleman made a very low how, and just touched the girl's cold finger tips with his own. " Poor Harry's child," he repeated, and in what a musical voice, " and the heiresa of Chesham," Daffodil lacked from her grandfather to the stranger, and back again. " He has given us all a surprise," said the Major, "stepping in like a ghost. And what ails yeu, Daffodil '-you look as if you had seen one." The girl was reluctant to explain her fright; had the Major and the Doctor been alone, she could have done so, but the presence of this splendidly handsome gentleman, this uncle, of whom she had heard, but who was well-nigh a stranger to her,¿ kept her lips sealed. " Sit down, here, child," Baid her grandfather, taking her hand, " bless me, you are like an icicle. Your uncle has just stepped in at the window, and nearly frightened us out of our senses !" "I really ask pardon," said Manuel Chesham. " I am aware that I am almost a stranger here my own fault, of course, but it is a fact-I should have driven up to the great door in etate, or in such a state as the funds of a younger son allow of, and then I should have sent in my card, and thus broken the ice." "Pooh, pooh, nonsense !" said the old gentleman, with a reddening cheek and rather an uncomfortable air, for in Mannel Cbesham's voice and manner there was a curious mixture of jest and earnest, so blended together that you could not distinguish where one began and the other ended. " I'm very glad to see you, Manuel, very, and you know that you're always welcome here. Of course you are ! ] If I had known that you were coming, I'd have «ent to meet you to the station." "Yon are really very good, father, quite too good j I like walking, I enjoy it. I came through the park, and when I saw the light in these win- dows, I made for them, and so-behold me !" " You had a long walk, if yon came round by the j avenue," said the Major. " But I did not. I got over the wall, and saved a mile." " Over the wall ! you are an active fellow, Manuel," said the Major. " It is not so very high. I have left my lug- gage, animate and inanimate, at White Water !" " Oh ! it can be Bent for ; but what is the live luggage ?" " Only Pedro ; I hope you won't object to him ? He is quite quiet." " Oh ! a dog ! I see," said the Major. "No, not a dog, a man, a servant. I can do without many things, but Pedro is a necessity." " Very good ; ho ia welcome, too '" said the Major, " and now, Manuel, you can't have dined ¡ I'll ring and have some soup and some cutlets up.'* "Not for rae, thank you!" said the courteous Manuel, who had by this time disposed his hand- some person in a chair. " I do not dine so late as this. How charming everything is here! My niece," a bow to Daffodil, " no longer a child ; my father, and this g»od doctor !" " Upon my word '" said the last-named gentle- man, bluntly, " You did give us a start, gliding in at the window so suddenly, yet so quietly. I drink your health, Mr. Chesham, and congratulate yon on your return home 1" There never waB a more graceful, nor a deeper bow than that which Manuel Chesham made in re- turn for Dr. Hamilton's little speech. " How am I to deserve such wishes, and such goodness! Perhaps it will be a passport to your favour, Doctor, if I tell you that I am a member, a very unworthy member, of your noble profession j" then turning to the Major, he added, " I am Dr. Manuel Chesham, now, father. I am a mere roll Iing stone, it is true, but I may hope to gather a little moss. " And very glad I am to hear that you have, at last, chosen a profession, a noble one, as you say ! Have you come home for good, Manuel?" A queer look flashed into Dr. Manuel's hand- some eyes. "?For goodP I hope so; but I do not mean to settle in England. I took out my diploma in Mexico ; I have friends there. So do not be afraid that I shall spoil any one's practice here. I take my holidays now, then, when winter comes, I go with the swallows." " Well, if you'll neither eat nor drink, we may as well adjourn to the drawing-room," said the old gentleman. They went into the drawing-room, and the Major took his own particular easy chair, and Daffodil sat by him. Dr. Manuel took his place exactly opposite to hiB niece. " You are very much grown, and very much im- proved," he said. "I left you a rosebud, now you are a rose, or a lily, yes, a lily." The Major put his band to her round chin, so that he could look into her face. "Upon my word, yonr uncle is right! Why, what has become of your pretty pink colour, child ? You are as white as your frock ?" "I hope," said Dr. Manuel, softly, "it was not my sudden appearance that scared her roses away ? If BO, I most humbly beg her pardon." i s " She had all her roses in fall blossom when she went up to the picture gallery-why, child, how you start. She's setting up nerves, I vow if she isn't. You'll have to prescribe for her, yon two wise men !" "Pardon me!" said Dr. Manuel, "I never 'venture to prescribe for any member of my family. I \ Dr. Hamilton must have that honour and respon- J, eibility." j I " Very good !" said that gentleman, " I flatter myself that I understand Miss Daffodil's constitu- tion. If she has nerves I shall know how to cure them. Come, miss, let me feel your pulse." Dr. Hamilton was laughing as he spoke, but ho ctuld not help noticing the unusual pallor of the girl's face. " She has been peeping at my famous picture," said the Major, " and has got it into her foolish head that Margaret's story was true! Ha! ha ha !" And he fell back in his chair, and laughed long aiyl merrily. "What, then, is this famous picture ? and who, or what is Margaret ?" asked Dr. Manuel. .' The story about the picture," said the Major, speaking in the comfortable voice of one approach- ing a favourite tîieme, "is a very long one, and if s too late to begin it to-night, fut we had a fool of a honsomaid, a girl with no more brains than an owl. And she went one day into the picture gallery to duBt it, or some such thing, and she ran out of it, crying and making a terrible fuss ; she declared that the picture had come to life." " A peculiar picture," said Doctor Manuel. " A peculiar girl you mean, with a head crammed chock full of ghost stories, fortune telling nonsense, and all the rest of it. She had a sweetheart, my under gardener, and I suppose she was thinking of him, and takes this fad into her head. She declared that the head and hand suddenly disap- peared behind a curtain." " It's the easiest thing in the world to account for," said Doctor Hamilton ;" you could get a giri like her to fancy any thing-anything ! She has no edu cation, and very little sense ; what she reads is rubbish, and she's ready to believe that the moon is made of green cheese; and that unless she turns her money in her pocket when there's a new moon she won't have luck. All that sort of thing," con- tinued Doctor Hamilton, very loudly and emphatic- ally, " is nonsense, and worse than nonsense. Only a silly fool like that housemaid of yours would for a moment allow herself to fancy such stuff." By this time a little colour had crept into I Daffodil's cheeks. " Why, Doctor," said the Major, with a smile* " how very much in earnest your are. I hope you don't think for one moment that any one here is such a fool as to believe the girl's story ?" " I hope not, I'm sure," said Doctor Hamilton ; "any one that would take such a notion'into his or her head, should be shut up in Bedlam." Manuel Chesham was a silent listener to all this. His fine darkeyes-all the darker because of the long lashes that shaded them-took in every particular of the surroundings. Nothing escaped them : neither the costliness of the furniture, which happened to be new, nor the ring of betrothal upon Daffodil's slender finger, nor the look of perfect astonishment, and even of alarm, so plainly visible on the face of the footman, who saw a strange gentleman, who certainly had not come into the house by the hall door, sitting at his ease in the drawing-room. When the clock chimed eleven Doctor Hamilton rose to take his leave, exclaiming at the lateness of the hour. He shook hands with Daffodil, bade her go to bed and not spoil her complexion by sitting I up to late, then he diew the Major aside. " Just one word," he said. " I fancy that your Granddaughter may have taken some silly whim about this picture of yours into her pretty head. Girl's are fanciful, easily impressed-they believe in this, that, and the other-they have nerves, and shadows become realities to them. Did you notice how white she was, and how dilated her eyes were, as big as saucers, Major, when she entered the room ? I was startled, sir ; we doctors are accustomed to watch our patients, so I suppose we get into the habit of watching other people. Then, when yon spoke of this absurd story that your former servant set going, it occurred to me that Miss Daffodil, who is, after all, little more than a child, you know, remembered the house- maid's romance, and took it into her little head either to fancy that she saw something, or to sup- pose it possible that she might see something. She certainly looked as if she was very much frightened when she came in." " She was very white, and she generally has a .pretty colour," assented the old gentleman. " But bless ¿ne, doctor, you don't mean to tell me she'd be such a goose. Why, sir, she might just as well believe in witches riding on broom-sticks, or in ghosts. I hope she's too sensible for that sort of thing ! A child of ten years of age at the parish school knows better than to believe in such a cock-and-a-bull story as that fool of a housemaid told.'" " Well, well, I may be wrong, but if I were you, Major, I'd lot that silly story die ont. Speaking of it before your granddaughter keeps it alive. There is no saying what may, or what may not, frighten a girl. And frightened she was, or my name is not Antony Hamilton." " Shall I ask her what frightened her, Doctor ?" " No, better not ; she may tell you, or when day- light comes she may laugh at her fears, and so get over them. Of course should she volunteer any information, so much the better, but unless she does, your best plan will be to pretend that you noticed nothing." " Very good, doctor ; after all this is rather a lonely house fora girl of seventeen ; it will be some- thing brighter now that my son has come home." " And'what a handsome man he is," said Doctor Hamilton ; " a good portrait of him would be worth having." "He is very well-looking," said the old man. "A little eccentric I am afraid ; fancy his walking all the way from White Water and coming in at the window !" " Yes, he made a very theatrical entrée," said the doctor, " but I dare say you want to chat with him, so good-night. By George ! what a moon-good- night!" And off went Doctor Hamilton at a brisk pace. (To 6c continued.) 