OUT OF THE EAKKXESS. " GeorgeX believe in gliosis, anil I've lost my <i"g." This ivas the lcniarlv with which Paul Western greeted inc,and however much I might, have felt inclined to ridicule such a double barrelled announcement, I was restrained by the genuine distress visible in my friend's maimer. The night was cold and stormy, and I was sitting alone in my chambers ill Gray's Inn, getting uji a theatrical brief, when Western walked in and made the ahovc statement. I at once pushed papers and programmes aside, wheeled hiin an easy chair round and hade him unburden his mind. " You know Gipsey."' " Why. of course I do, Paul" " You know how much I cared for that dog, you know what a fund of humor, right down doggish lniiuor.he hid beneath that black and white coat of his: and as for lighting, for downright regular mill ing with the gloves off. why that fox terrier hadn't his match this side of XV hit Week. The way llc'd go and lean his neck up against another dog's—which wasliis way of invitation to a scrimmage— was per fectly human and lovely. And then the ways ho had with him. ' Xn dog.' said lie to himself, ' crosses my master's thres hold.' It's true he permitted 110 dog to enter my studio : it was awkward at times I admit. Early this year when I was in Cromer I took him with me, certainly. Well, he got to look upon the hotel where I stayed as belonging to me—as :i new kind of extended studio, in fact : maybe lie thought there wen: rather more visitors than usual: hut the other dogs—it was tremendous you know, other people had dogs coining with them, naturally enough, and, moreover, there was one lived in the house. Of course it was shameful to go for that one dog. but lie did. I think they compromised the matter afterwards. It was a big brown retriever, called llusco, and it used to tliug Gipsey round the room like an old slipper, lint, bless you, be liked it—he used to fasten himself cm the retriever's ear like ail earring, wliieh grew mighty awkward for lloseo. 3 tow ever, they compromised. Xodoulit Uoseo explained that he laid lived there ful some years: but the other dogs, George —it was awful Often T had to leave lunch hurriedly, owing to a frightful racket in the hall. I always knew what it was. 1 always found a couple of waiters, the bootbov. and ail interested stranger trying to separate a couple of acrobatic dogs, and one of the performers was invariably Gipsey. The worst of it was I never could persuade anybody it, was all luunuur oil his part—just: sheer good animal spirits, born of much ex ercise in racing over sandy Hats and in haling too much ozone—-—" '• Xow. look here, l'aul. 1 thought you said when " •' Wait a minute. T must tell you this. You know I've just returned from Plunders. 1 couldn't well take Gipsev there, though I know hi "d have given the rest of his tail to have worried a poodle. Another tiling, lie never hit a dog less than himself: he'd lnirrv tliem into the gutter, maybe, and leave them there, hut lie never fought them. Xo. lie always preferred one the size of a haystack, some thing that la- could leap at " '"Xow. Paul, just pull up. You said when you came that you believed in ghosts, and I imagined 1 was going to hear some conclusive reason or either." His manner changed a little as he said. "I will tell you now." "Western re-lit his pipe, look a few pre liminary wind's, and began. "A fortnight ago 1 was at, llruges. be fore starting I had left Gipsey at my uncle's house in Itegeut's Park, and it seems that during my absence the dog bad been in the habit of visiting H.-iiirp stead once a week, where lie spent most of the day- sitting on the doorstep of my shut-up studio; lie always turned up again sit night a little dejected mid very hungry. The night before 1 returned from Pa-ages, no my uncle told me afterwards, the dog bad escaped from the stable-yard and presumably gone on his usual detective errand to the studio. This time he did not come back. A week went by. but Gipsey never retained. I visited the surrounding police-stations, and paid a couple of visits to the. Dogs' Home at jBnttcrsea, but no Gipsey ever greeted me; lost, stolen, or killed. 1 gave him up. "Late one dark night, as I was entering my door, something brushed hurriedly past, and then turned on me—a strange gaunt dog. that I.-it once kicked out of the place, and closed the door upon—then I heard a whine. George, I scarcely like to think of it now. but t knew at once who it, was so madly scratching to get in. and when T opened the door, in bounded thegaunt dog again, poor old Gipsey, as ibin as paper and as black as a broom.lint so glad to sec me and so forgiving of those ruthless lacks, that he did not know how to testify his joy for the next two hours. He concluded no doubt that it was en tirely owing to Iiim that I was found : you understand I don't for one instant suppose lie over dreamed tliatbeliad been lost, and lie had been working hard to liliearth mo—I suppose dogs do reason—" "I say, Westem, you distinctly said you bad a ghost storv.and here you are wind ing on ineffably- about this dog."' "All right, I'm making for the end, T only wanted to explain the intimate re lationship between my dog and me." "Hover mind the intimacy; you told me you'd lost your dog.now you've found it again ; so lay tlie dog aside and call up the ghost." "It's true," replied my friend, gravely, "and it happened yesterday. We went to my uncle's that night, where T.-im stay ing at present. The room I generally occupied was being cleaned, so tlu-y put me in the Strafford l-ooni. so called he cause there is a picture there of Lord Strafford.'painted by V.-nidyek—a big picture, life size. Well,! could not get, Gijiscy to leave me—fancied I'd get lost again. 7Je was put in the stable with the oilier dogs, but somehow got out again, and came whining anil scratching outside the dining-room windows, latent night. 'Let him stay in your room to-night." Said my aunt. T assented of course, and Gipsey, just as pleased as Punch, came flying upstairs like a. butterfly. Tie lay down on tlie mg by the lire,and narrowly watched me till I climbed into bed, tlicn bo stretched himself with a. contented smile, basked in tlie blaze, so to speak,and closed liis eyes. "I think I must have slept for some time, for when I awoke, as I did with a strange suddenness, I found tlie lire long gone out and the room in total darkness. X heard the hall clock chime and then strike three. Somehow I did not feel at nil sleepy ; there was a watery moon struggling through drifting clouds, some times plunging all in murky blackness. At the foot of the bed was this great picture of Yandyck's. In a few minutes I ^became conscious that there was a tiny light gleaming on the canvas — some high light on tlie armour, I imagined ; and thought : ' Well,if that fellow Vandyek could paint Iris high lights like that, there was not much chance for modern men to ever heat him.' Then all at once the moon was hidden behind a blacker veil than ■usual and the room became quite dark. I then experienced a most unpleasant sen sation. The light in the picture had not moved. At the same rime my hand, which lay outside the coverlet, was touched by something clammy and cold. " For one brief second I was horror struck, and then—what do you think ?— well,I knew what it was—the dog's nose 1" " I say, Paul, excuse inc interrupting you, but I want to ask if " Put my friend waved aside the interruption, and continued: " Putting my hand outside the cover let again, I found Gipsey with his fore paws resting on the bed and trembling violently. I patted him and soothed llim, but how can I explain to you that I had an instinctive feeling that there was sometliing in the room besides our two selves, an unseen presence by the groat picture—you know it Wits quite close to me just at the foot of tlic bed—and there !is I gazed was the stance little light grown brighter, actually Huttcring into a hluo plume of ilamo ; an<l as T still looked it grew longer and lighter ; and I give you my word of honor, George,there was a hand holding it —a long delicatehaud,lhe aim of which seemed merged in i lie darkness of the painting. I stared in a faseinated way, waiting I suppose for what might happen next ; all this time I had my hand on the dog's collar, then I attempted to lift him 011 the lied, and curiously enough^ found I could not; strangest of all the animal seemed to he making strenuous efforts to get nearer to me. It was horrible to think I was contending with some force that chained Gipsey to the ilocr : anyway, I was obliged to de sist, and when I took my hand away it seemed as if he slunk under the bed. though it sounded as if he was running round the room--sn niueb so that at last T angrily called out 'lie down,' after wliieh he was quiet. "Then T saw the hand was fading, the light grew gradually less till nothing was left, and the grey blaekness]tilled the room, again. For a wholehotirl layspeculatingon that mysterious light, half believing, half in doubt, till T fell asleep again; for when 1 awoke the still was shining brightly and the servant, knocking at the door. I got up at once, intending to send the dog down. I called and whistled, when there—oh. Georgi—all lying huddled up in the farthest corner of the room lay my poor dog ilead—dead, and stiff, and staring, with a horrified look in his faithful eyes, and his tongue black and bitten through. " The coachman came up-stairs and bathed Gipsy with warm water, but what was the use r illy Uncle Stuart came, and after breakfast 1 t old him my strange experience of the night. He went lather pale. I thought, ami finally asked nie not to tell his wife, as lie s:|id there was some idle legend in the Stuart family, and it might upset her. He has had (liepicture taken down, and the room searched and locked up. " That is my story of the ghost and the dog and it all happened yesterday. As wet wo men sat therewith meditative pipes, watching the tin-light flicker among the castles in the coals, 1 suddenly bethought me of a book 1 had. Some-, tiling in T'.-niTs storv had struck a chord of remembrance, and going to my library j shelf 1 searched and found the book. Tl was a rare old work, one that T highly prized : the title-page bore the date llit.S. with the name: "The Papistry liisjiioviil in the Iteisrn of Charles 1. iv I'i ' 11 v I'iers Geston. Imprinted at the Plow | Hell." Turning over several pages, 1 at last, found what. 1 wanted. "Paul,"! exclaimed, claiming his attention from a reverie,"justlistciiquiotly to this ; it's very strange, to say the least of it." Then prefacing lay extract, with a few explanatory remarks. 1 read the following;— " The King that night, lay at Oxford with his courtiers about him. his body guard and pages in He aute-ebamber, when toward the middle of the night there came a furious ringing and a-calling which awoke his -vrn-tary.iM .Ashburnham and a page, who forthwith east themselves o the' el info the chamber. Charles, girt with every appearance of terror, demanded ol them, why they had let any person puss into his l-nuiti, at wliieh they much astonied and denyed it. calling upon the Captain of the Watch and tin- Soldiers, who in like manner swan- no body had passed them. •• Afterward the King eonlided to Sir John Ihirgnine lie had seen the iigure of Cord Strafford enter the room in armour such as he wore and stretch to liini liis ungloved hand, and say. M know how to look death in the face, he ye ready too.' whereat tile king was much disturbed, for no great, time had gone by since Stratford was executed at Tower Hill on May 12 Kill. In the morning before they took horses for York it was found in the king's room a dead dog lay which was considered an omen he some." AVlien T had finished reading 'Western asked to see the book, and perused the tale himself. "That." he said, de cisively. ' must be the germ of the " idle legend' niv uncle alluded to. I never heard of it before." " Well, do you think there is anything in it— " What can I say f Are there not strange instincts, strange presentiments and warnings in this world of ours to those that heed them—is it not; a strange coincidence that, my cousin Charlie Stuart gave mo that dead dog before 1m joined bis regiment in India Now I understand my uncle's uneasiness lest I should have told the story to the mother, who idolizes him. Ho you remember reading in one of the Loudon papers some few years ago, when the question of ghostly warnings was mooted, the story of a Scotch family to whom a black dog always appeared when death threa tened a member of the family, or the more famous legend of the " drummer's tatoo,"and bow a ladv, a stranger liewly arrived at the castle, mentioned to her ho tess at dinner the strange music she had heard playing hencuth her window as she dressed, the consternation of those guests that knew the family legend, the swooning of the hostess, and the tidings of a son's death in a foreign land! T helieve there are warnings to those that heed them, in however strange a guise thc.vmay be brought to us." ami then Paul Western got up, and after lighting Lis enormous } iipe sallied out into the night.aud I was left alone in my chambers round which of a night the rats raced,and Hie faces of dead men looked at 1110 from the walls, fur I could not all at once divest myself of the story T bad beard when my eyes fell on the pictured porliuits with which mv room was tilled. G. Little in the full Mull I!,,,!;;,!. 