Roses and Diamonds. I! BY AGNEs BEtT. B They lay before her-a necklace of ex- a quisitely wrought gold, set with fleshing t diamonds, that g'ittered and sparkled in the light of the morning sun, like eyes of living t fire, and a bouquet of rare white roses, pure and dainty, interspersed with sprays of ieathery smilax-fit ornaments for a queen. Estelle Gordon raised the case which con- v tained the jewels, and from it drew a tiny u piece of folded paper. She opened it, and Ia read for the second time the words it con- c tained. As she returned the paper to the cage,a flush of Irismph stained her beautiful le face, and an enhl:ant light leaped into her p leark eyes. She bent her raven head above h the flaming rtones, and a emileo curved the U scarlet of her haughty lips as she said a softly: I "At lasct-st last! From childhood it has been mydream. Wealth, soeinl position h -in xchohu.ge for these, surely beauty and a youth should be gladly given. As Roger g Wolverton's wife, I Ehall be forever freefrom poverty's gaiiing chain; my life will be v bright and beautiful as a butterfly's summer. q No longer dependent upon the bounty of v others, mistress of an elegant home, first in a the heart of a noble, honorable man-what i more could women desire 1" But the smile slowly faded, and the jewel csee stiprcd from her hand, as her eyes fell a on tire rovs, white and fragrant, sending d out their mote appeal for tihe donor. She f raised the card attached to the bouquet, and i as she read the one line written thereon, the lig'it of triumph fled from her eyes, and in- I steal there came an expression of tender, wistful yearnisg. "I wonder what life would be without him," she murmured, as she buried her face I in the roEts, " without the sound of his a voice, without the touch of his hand. Could old Roger Wolverton and his diamonds eom pcnsate for the loss of his love?" Her eyes fell again on the card. "ESTE.re :-Will you wear my roses to night, as a token that I may some day call you wife ? "HIIorn.D L.ect." "Roses and diamonds," she murmured. " R:aes and diamonds 1 Which shall it be ?"' WThen Mies Gordon, accompanied by her uncle, entered the Csrrington drawing-room that evening, all eyes were turned toward the tall, graciful figure robed in gleaming white satin. Her beautiful face was aglow with smiles, her dark eyes were flashing with excitement; she had never appeared more lovely to the somewhat indistinct vision of MIr. Roger Wolverton, who now appeared be fore her, and offlred his arm with an evident sit of proprietorship; for around Estelle Gordon's beautiful neck was fastened a diamond necklece. With a laughing glance she placed the tips of her white-gloved fingers on his coat sleeve, and together they moved down the room, the cynosure of all eyes. From a curtained recess Harold Lacy watched them. When they were nearly op posite the spot on which he stood, he leaned eagerly Icrward and scanned closely the form of the woman he loved. His roses were not there! He passed his hand across his eyes, as if something marred their eight, and looked again. No, neither in tire raven hair nor on the white breast lay the flowers he longed to t eec. Two men were standing near, and as in a dream their words reached him. "Our 'queen rosebud' has at lest been plucked,'' tsaid one. "What do you mean i" queried the other, carelessly. " Why, my dear boy, where are your eyes ? Do you not perceive the 'this is my pro perty, I have bought and paid for it' air with which old Wolverton is regarding Mies Gordon? And surely that necklace has not ecsaped your observation? Pauper uncles, however fond, are not, as a rule, given to be stowing costly ornaments upon the children of their dead brothers. You may rely upon it, that necklace is not the outeome of Cap. tain Gordon's generosity. Don't you think it looks like old Wolverton ?" Lacy waited to hear no more. Surely he must be dreaming. She had told him her love in all but worde; the man had lied; she had forgotten his roses; they had never reached her, perhaps. No mistake shou!d wreelk their lives; he would allow no jealous I anger to part him from the woman he adored. With a few quick strideshe reached her side, and al id quietly : "Will you waltz with me?" Mr. Wolverton was not an adept in the art of dancing, ano his betrothed very well knew. It was not quite the proper thing to )Iave his side at so early a stage of the even ing's proceedings, but involuntarily she murmured an assent as she met the steady gaze of L.ey's eyes, and the next instanu they were floating down the room together, to the strain of an enchanting waltz. It was for the lant time-to-morrow shel would bhe bound in all honor to another; eatcr to-night he would go out of her life forever, and henceforth their paths would diverge. Well, she would forget in time, and he Like the sharp thrust of a dsgger came the thought that some day he would love again. She had not thought before that the heart she so ruthlessly cast aside might come day be offered to another. Ah, how blessed the woman who would listen to the musie of his voice in that word " wife." But ehe had chosen, and chnesn well, the told herself, with a determined flash of her eyes. She would abide by her choice between roses and dimonds. The mueic eCased and they stood together near a window which opened on a verandah. Without a word he drew aside the hangings, and led out her out into the sharp, chill air of the winter night. The stars looked down upon the esnow. wrapt earth, and from far away there came the clear, sweet Eoundi of a bell. Estells felt her heart bound violently, and a tremor of delicious excitement thrilled her from head to foot. Would hire tell her of his Iove? Should she listen to the music of his pleadings? There was something akin to pleading in his voice, hobut his face was stern and cold, as he said slowly: " e wish to know if you received the roses and the card attached, which I sent this afternoon I" "Yes," she murmured, faintly. His face whitened visibly as he put the next question. "Did you wear his diamonds in preference to my roees 1" "Yea," sle answered again, but in ro low a tone that he heard it with difficulty. For a moment neither spoke; then Laoy offered his arm with a frigid bow and Ssmile. "Shall we return to the drawing- room? The night air is exceedingly cool." " Close the bl'nd', Margaret, and then lay out my dress for ,he evening." "Yes, madam." Mrs. Wolverton's maid moved swiftly about the room until the command of her Smistress had been obeyed, and then stood re. uspctrully awaiting further orders. "You may go now; I do not wish to be disturbed for an hour." " Yes, madam." As thIe door closed behind the woman, IMre. Wolverton leaned languidly back among the uenshions of her easy chair and Splaced her daintily slippered feet upon the fender. The firelight fell upon the groce!fl figure clad in a crimson satin dressiong.gown on the slender white hands decked with rare jewels, on the raved hair fallingin curls and Swaves about her, and on her proud, dark face which had lost none of its old-time beauty, though five years had passed over Eslelle Gordon's head since the nigh of the Car. rington's ball. After an engagement of three months she Sbcme the wife of Rsger Wolverton, and in a distant city, removed from all early naeoci. atiens, far from aught which could serve to recall the memory of her poverty.stricken girlhcod, the days paspcd on one mad giddy whirl of EaVor ceaoing gaiety Her marriage brooght all she had hope. fcr, and every longing which had filled her young heart was gratified. Queen of the world in which rho moved, feted, admired, men vied with each other for her smiles, and all that wealth could purchase or position command was laid at her feet. Just as she began to weary of the life she led, when the pleasures of society began to pall, when she was tired of playing with the hearts of men, she was suddenly set free. Death claimed Roger Wolverton, and as toon afterward as possible his widow sought foreign lands. After two years of tr vel she returned to her native village, and was now, with her maid, installed in her former home, the guest of her uncle, Captain Gordon. Her return was gladly hailed by the village society, of which she had once been queen. Old friendshastenedto welcome the wealthy Mrs. Wolverton, old admirers. crowded in, and from these shd gathered' Harold Locy's history during the past five years. Her eyes sparkled with pride, and her dark face flushed as she listened to the story of his ceaetlees etruggle with fortune during the years she had devoted to senseless frivolity. Success had crowned his efforts, however; the fame he had covetedi the wealth for which he had labored so faithfully had come at last, and now, as a member of the legal profession, his namne rang over the land. As she sat touday before the glowing fire, her dark eyes fixed on the dancing flames, a smile parted her lips, and the habitual expression of mockery faded from her face. " He is mine I" she said softly. " Mine, mine I Ah, life is still full of promise I We shall meet to.night; every bitter thought will be forgotten in the greatness of hie love, and henceforth life will be heaven. I wonder if time has changed him I Thank Heaven, my beauty is undimmed by years I The woman of twenty-five is as fair as the girl of twenty, who won and cset aside his heart five years ago. Yes, my marriage was a success; it gave me the experience without which I could never have been content, and now fate ciffrs the love of the men who alone can fill my heart." Three hours later, firs Wolverton entered the drawing room mi which, years before, Estelle Gordon had sold herself for gold. Lire. Carrington hastened forward to greet her. " You are late, my dear ; but since you on narrowly escaped being a stranger, I shall pardon you. Come this way-several of my friends are wild to meet you. I have also an extremely interesting couple to represret, Harold Lacy and his wife. What is it my dear Estelle, you are as white as a ghost, and oh I you have broken that beautiful fan." " It is nothing," murmured 3Ire. Wolver ton. With a mighty effort she steadied her voice, and said carelessly: " Is not Mr. Lacy's marriage a recent event ?" "Quito reeant and very sudden, though not altogether unexpected. He has been be. trothed for a year to Alice Lennox, whom he met while on a visit to a neighboring town. They were married yesterday, and came directly to Harold's home in the village. Fortunately I was informed of" what had taken place in time to have them with us this evening. But they are coming this way now-is she not pretty?" For a moment a sound like the surging of many waters filled Estelle Wolverton's ears, and eho was blind to all around her. Then self-poseEesion returned, and with a smile and gesture that betokened a thorough woman of the world, she advanced with her hostess to meet IIsrold Lacy and his wife. There were but few in the room who were ignorant of Lacy's former devotion to the fascinating Estelle Gordon, and all eyes were upon the trio when they met beneath the brilliant lights of the chandelier. Mrs. Wolverton, resplendent in black eatin, diamonds fleshing on her breast and in her hair, her queenly form drawn to its full height, gazed for a moment searchingly at the woman whom Harold Lacy called his wife. She saw a tiny, childish figure arrayed in some white, clinging, silken stuff, a pure dimpled fae framed by a soft mass of golden curlse, a pair of innocent, honest blue eyes, a small white hand on whi:h shone a wedding ring, and oh, irony of fate I white roses and similax in the lace at her throat. They soon moved on, and with apang like the bitterness of death, Eatelle Wolverton realised that she had lost Harold forever. He loved this golden.haired wife of his, and she, the woman whom five years before he bad adored, was naught to him. She soon withdraw from the brilliant throng, and when she reached her chambew, dismissed her maid and bolted tho '---. Alone with her dead hopes, her ruined ',o, her stained soul. Alone with the tortLu: . regret which seemed to stifle her. Witt head bowed on her arms, her hands olaes her bosom heaving with a storm of past" " ate sobs, she sat through the long hour: the night. " My lady here alone, May think, till her heart is broken, Of the love that is dead and gone, 01 the days that with no token Forovermore have flown ." Harold Lacy was aver ed, for in"?de. unutterable his old lov;'repented her ch-:c between roses and di.monde. 