NEW ANGLICAN XHUROH, ASCOT TALE. The new Anglican Church of St. Paul's in Bloomfield street, Ascot Tale, waB consaorated by the Bishop, of Melbourne, Dr Goe, the ceremony of dedication—in which the Bisbop. was assisted by Bev. D. M. Berry, Rev. W. McKle, (incumbent of the new church), Rev. W. ParkeB and' other clergymen—being witnessed by a large congregation. Tbe service was of the usual impressive kind. The church choir rendered the hymns ' The Church's ono Foundation ' and.' All Poople that on Earth do Dwell' very effectively. The Bishop took for hiB . text Habaknk 111, 2—' Oil Lord, revive thy work.' The works of God sometimoB languished, bnt when they revived it was a beautiful sight to witness. A few days ago the land everywhere was dry and barren, and there were great fissures in the earth gaping for rain, the beasts of tho field and the. plants .drooped their heads, and all nature was depresBBd by the intense heat. God's work needed to be revived. Then the blessed rain came, and tho wilderness rejoiced and blossomed like a rose. God's work was revived. It was a beautiful thing to witness the man who had boon stricken down by Biokness recovering his health and strength. But the work of God in Nature was not the work of God referred to in the text—the passage occurred in one of the noblest poems in the whole range of the inspired book— the Prophet referred to God's work in the revival of Israel after a period' of perse: cution and captivity. By . the common consent of the church in all ages the. text was recognised n3 embodymg • a-.;.prayef for the: xevivaV of the spiritual' work "of J God, . In times ofthe.greateBtdepression, in the.days ot persecution, sohiBm and evil—aa in tbe time of Noah and Elijah— God always had his confessing, witnessing chuich; and it would be well if we remembered this, and not take a pessimistic or despondnt view of the fortunes of Ohnst's Church. People told us that infidelity wae spreading that snpBrstition was gaining ground. Never believe it. It is not in accordance with the truth that we should be ever looking at the dark side of the fortunes of the Ohurch of Christ. Tbe church, like the earth, had its seaBon of languish. Our Lord predicted BUchaBtate should preoede the second advent. The BiBhop then alluded to the terrible torpor, lethargy and indifference which prevailed in the . ohurch .in BiBhop Butler's time, which period of spiritual depression was followed by the work of Whitfield and the two Wesleys—when the churoh began to lift her head, and earnest Christian peoplebegan to multiply. Tho Lord's table began to be frequented —and .there were other eigne that God was reviving.his work. ... . - Not long ago, they celebrated Christmas, they had their family gatherings and all the usual secular and social adjuncts of that season, but how was it with their souls ? In the cose of some, be feared j the celebration did not awake any Bentiment of gratitude at all. : What multitudes of people there were who never went to churoh at OhriBtmas, or cast one thought of regard upon the Blessed Saviour: who died on that day. Some there were who regarded Ohrist as a. celebrated philosopher, and bis life a mere matter of .history, bush persons had need :to.call upon God in the words of the text:. /When the Churoh of God revives it beoomes evidentin the inoreasn of holiness and zeal on the part of the ministers and congregation—men askod what they -must do to be saved;' hearts and consciences could .not'rest until.they had found peaoe in God; •' Like the 3000 on tho day of Pentecost. / WaB it a very learned sermon that-.was preached on thst occasion ? . It' did not appear.to have been—certainly it -was not.a long'sermon—it wan-not-one of. those modern . discourses, which people, (after.referr'Dg'to tho.wonderful eloquence: OF/Z+HEVPREACNER};/^ morning. At St. .Peter'S wordsmen were pricked to tho heart, they could .not .rest untih they got an answer to :tbe great question, and there were added unto them ^r-gathered into the church—3000 souls, who lived afterwardsaBGod'S adopted and faithful esrvantB. . The Bishop, in conclusion, referred to the tremendous diffionlty of- getting both ends to meet in -thuir churches, and' thiB, too, in/-a nation-BO prospBrous that there waa scarcely a chapter ia |the . world's history that chronicled similar prosperity. Nothing showed more forcibly than this the urgent need, for the revival " of the work of God. : If the work of God revived there would be.money enough and to spare for all: the agencies of tbe Ohurch of :Christ in.all the-colonios. .... They thanked .God for. the great earnestness and.foresight' o£^ the promoters and founders of: that little ohnrch ereoted to the glory of God. \ He was struok by the suitableness of the site—it waa like a city: set on a hill—and when they saw the piles of-bricks, and mortar creeping up to the very, borders! of: the church they might hope. tbat':.it: wonld/.soon become. neceaBary.to erect a:new one and'to devote the present structure to: the.purposes of. a Sunday/School. It WBB .quito. clear.'the church-was needed; and.; that .the site wes well choBen—but .what : was most needed was that the ministration of God's service therein should be clothed in power/; and that the pews might .be filledi. Sunday' after Sunday with men and women in earnest about-solvation ; that.the house of 7 God bo.filled with devout worshippers;, and that the prayers ^offered .up were'frtich as would be answered? They" needed" jnst what the^/text suggests, a, revival (of the work of God. Lot; them pray for such revival. :: Could thoy do better than BBSBinblB together from time, to- time in order to signalise , the dedication of the church by their earnest prayers—prayers, like that of the text, that God may revive h'lB work. They might fill Melbourne with churohss and render them aB attractive as was possible, and yet if tbe work of God was not revived eaoh oharoli would be like a vessel with its sails spread to catch the breeze which never comes. It was of no USB spreading the aail if all was still and calm—tbo vessel could not rogress. So it was with the church. gut when the breath of God oame, when the olergy and congregBtion were filled with the Holy Ghost then there was a revival of tho work of God. May God grant auoh a revival in connexion with the new ohnroh for Christ's sake. Amen. 