Her Favorite Book. In answer to the question what book has j given me meet pleasure, I reply, without! hesitation, '■ Pilgrim's Progress." It was when I waB nbout seven years of age that I passed from " Cinderalla" to Dunyan't; matchless work without suspecting that it was not a child's book. And, possessed of the precious volume—new books were rare in those days—I climbed a tall;i secretary " to escape the younger children, who were too small to scale the back of a chair and follow me. We were a noisy set—nine in a3J—and secured in comparative quiet on my high perch, 1 dreamed dreams and saw visions such as no fairy tale ever unveiled to me. j Types and shadows there were none. The g actors of the drama were not creatures oi 3 fiction; they were positive substance, ruy I familiars, and now are placed with my I peisonal recollections. | I The narrow path, straight as a rule comu { [make it, was plain to my eyes as the foot- J paths which streaked my father's orchard! under the apple trees. I hung entranced I over every step in the marvellous journey, j and saw clearly, as I see this pen and paper, { j the very stately (he name of Wfaieli I tyas 33;autiful, and it siocd by the highway ■ nf6-' • my young heart rejoiced when j Christian /ound the iiozss guarding it were [ chained ! As he dpappsd t>3 load into a sepulchre and gave tkne leaps for joy, my soul leaped too, only to sink ag*in when he fell into the clutches of Giant Despair, and was beaten vrith the grievous orab-trce cudgel in the awful courtyard pnved with skulls of pilgrims. How foolish of him to forget the key Promise, which would open and lock in Doubtiug castle, and how I longed to twist my bat-da iu the hair of that Flatterer wito his net I Delicious to imagination were the good things the travellers had to eat by the way. Tae raisins an-.} pomegranates, the cordials] wine red a3 bleof, end thore wrnlerfuf grapes that po doan so sweetly as to ca;:fc the lips cf them that are asleep to speak. The feast3 almost made up for the lights «uih sealy dragons and ferriiij sbswea com jDg out cf the burning :.i\ ictrorr, ma.it> bideous the. roafl lhroug'i ]>j;k V^lry an.l sat:^.'i;d r.;v jjv2::;Ie love cf the rnvs'eriea and horrible, £5 .vec-t to cbiliirli inncy wers tisn ririti s and lair si.ws cf tka }n;rrn:; t<Y* house - j the It tier cf the kirg which tfintlt £?ttr tVu j manner of the bait perfumes; the orchards j and vineyards o; Jhe D.l.-clsLl-j mountains (then I had never seen * mor.uui; )t &r.A; t'::e tovefy suopbeida r,~ Z^cuF-i) \?b<j ;;iic^ed Ooxeia before the fe:t of pilgrims bound for the city cf tfciir prince. Here and ihe»e I had to spelt out hard word?, rssny things were piizzing, but the very wonderments added to the charm of the story. What was a quagmire, what was a muck-rake, what wrre f.tockr, a civet-box; how would crc prassboprer burden a msn, and what sort of shoe3~wcre they which never wear ont, and how could tho Shining Ones drefs in gold clothes ? I shivered at the passage through the cold, black river, forever flowing; tha river that has no bridge, but, oh ! tha rapture in the triumph beyond ! The ringing bell?, tho melodious noises, the singers, and bnrnera with their haips; above ail, that O^e v:ho sas on the great wfcita throne vrifa the rainbow round His hea-j. Those pa^ea thrilled ine like an outburst cf triurcyhant rniisia. ih? exultant fed.'ng cne ?iss m cathedrals je sounning with seme mightv anthem. It was winter iimv, ana 1I10 pl^.nsnnfer for \- deep snow3 without wrre tfc audits cf warm ! pal see room®, tho celicsta plain carp, the J shady firoor, and the mc-tow curiously j baiu'.iGed with lilies, grren ell tho year 100?. j At subset I looted through " ~*c ;ir;~ towers 1 on ffo;ty window pices, ss mr.>;y yesra afitr 1 wards I watehed the domes .-.?><? rpirrs ci old ' Sismboul floating in eilvery iws'.s of the | BorphciuP, and rccrwltd tbo tr;?:i;;;lGU3 1 slimmer in the ehephcru'a perspective aiass. j Oa the top of a high in'!! called Cic:r, ""tisc-v {could not look steadily. yet thev thought I they siw fomething iiVe *th* fate of the 11 C-eUstisI city, and also some or tho glory of the place. Nothing was faint cr rn.porcw, Near at hand, not high and dist^-r, was the city of the king—an r.ndinimed si-lr-nclor. j When I went to b;:l that nlghi lovely (shapes, walking, floslirrf. Cyisg, went with j me, and angel ejes witched over my sleep. | Tbo supremo delight of tho took was Great heart, my hero in the brip.hi armor and helmet with plumee; tho gl&ct; killer, the lover of women and children, who marched up to the lione, cot miDding if they wera chained or net. The warricr-imnge Las not | changcd in the waste cf years, cor c.'.n it change. He lives wbil-o relatives have died. I loved him then, I Jove him yet. Familiarity h-.s cot duikd tho ehcrm of the wondrou3 taie. and still deen tbo mvetic touch of memory eound tho ardent strings. Ia & half ciEtury of pilgrimage I hava repeatedly met tho very bmk ]8d named Ignoraccs, who came from the country of Conceit, hays caught glimpses,, on several continents, of Midame Dabble Veiling her vanities, a tall, comely dame, with something of a swarthy complexion. A?:d, in strange lands, while under the friendly rooi of our missionaries, I bethought ma cf the iarge I upper rooms where the pilgrims elfpt and I Jleroy dreamed her p.lcricua dream. Its j window opened toward tha sun rising, the j name of the chamber was Peace. Fi'om 15unyan,the change to " The Arabian Nights " was easy; tfcence I turned to Shake speare, where I remain unto this day. Xo shrine outside of I'alestine moved me like the poor little house where he spent his boyhood, unconscious that he was to enrich the human race with its greatest literary in heiilance. I As I write the name there rises before me i the cool gray day we spent at S-.ratford. The j waters of Avou go scltly past the old town, ■ which is spec-kleesly clean and botvered in j vines and creeper?. On tho Lucy estate, j hard by, is t-ie Shakespeare stile, made in 'the ancient fashion, so the upper b&r; drops and catches the feet of the poacher trespas sing on the deer p rk. We registered our j names in the book, always open, where, every year, 12 UtX) are written, many by visitors from the dear land we love to call cur own. Txo quiint women keep the i place, and (ell thc:r story with a freshness ; that cheers tho tired traveller. Again I j touch the ceilirg of iha room were "the fforemost hi3n cf all this world" was born, j and mark the low doorways, the cramped I and crooked stairs leading ic the loft in ' which he used to sleep among the rolls o£ iwcol. Not one thought of the endless ! dedate came near us that day- Among the i green haunts were many shadows, but the cloudy spectcr named Bacoa did not ap : pear. AVho wrote Oihello ? The most pathetic j of human compositions. As well ask who made the woild. j Next to Shakespeare stands Scott. '* Ivan hoe" is a peifect romance, snd the last conversation of ilibecca with the teimplar is worthy the preat master himself. The sylvan scenes, with scented woodB and rush ing brooks, are reminders of the deep forest where Jdcques mused, and lio3alind laughed at love till he ciught her in his net. It ill becomes one who has not read J" Robert Elsmere" to criticise the modern I novel, or tell, even in thiB strict confidence, j how, in the general deluge of literature, the I only rest ia fouud with a few souls counted j worth saving from the flood. Eead mean books and you think the whole world mean. Better to seek the demigods of Plutarch, or read tales of brave men near our time, who were etirred by deep impulses to endure sacrifice for a noble end. Though there is no opportunity for heroio deeds, we can admire and revere the herces who heard | heavenly voicss and thrilled with the sense ■of great thing?, visible and invisible, to be struggled for. So shall we, too, be I uplifted. The brief space allotted me forbids more than a bint of afternoons filled with the music of the poets. Familiar are the melo dies cf " Pensercso" and "Allegro," the words ef the "Ancient Mariner," of "Mar mion," the" Prisoner of Chillion," and the voice, "hollow like a ghost's," of Arthur—the ideal yet most real of English kings—bles Eing the queen with milk-white arms and golden hair, low lying at his feet." When the lamps are lighted then comes the hour for the household einger. the Cam bridge poet, most beloved man of letters ia our generation; who spends evenings with him keeps good company. " And thus, from day to day, my little boat Eocks in its harbor, lodging peaceably. Blessings be r.ith them, and eternal praise, Who gave us nouier love3 and nooler ^ares. The poets, who on earlh have made us heirs Of truth and pure delight by heavenly lays 1"' 