A GREAT deal may be learnt by any one who follows the evidence given before the Standing Railways Com mittee The most unpromising testi- mony of the whole—that of the pei manent officers of the construction department—is valuable and sugges tive, as it shows very clearly that the supervisors of our railway system absolutely refuse to accept new ideas, even when they are accredited by long and profitable experience elsewhete. It may be all the better in the end that the countiy should well under stand the almost overwhelming passive resistance which the chiefs of our Rail way Depaitment oppose to the most piofitable and obvious reform. We have evidence, perfectly conclusive to its amount and credibility, that things are better and more cheaply done in Europe and America, and that these better results are obtained under conditions less favorable than those of our own. But the controlling officers of our Railway Department constantly interpose a stupid and obstinate non possumus. The one valuable result of all this is the fast growing public conviction that either we must submit to a continuance of costly mismanagement or else recon sti uct the department root and branch. It is most significant that the evidence of the chief administrative officers, so far as it has been taken, has been, more or less, consistently and decidedly to the effect that no improvement is piacticable on affairs as they stand It is no matter whether the question be of fencing, or crossing gates, or otation buildings, or geneial equip ment, the answer is always the same, that things are very well as they are, and in fact cannot be.betteied. In fact, the testimony of the chief executive officeis is plain and square, to the effect that any furthei railway extension must be made on the veiy lines which, during the past six years, hav e resulted in a serious deficit in the railway balance sheet, and promise now to permanently damage our credit as a progressive and a borrowing colony. It has been represented over and over again that we are facing the altei native of cheaper construction and woi king, or else a disastrous stoppage of railway extension. The Railway Commissioners and officials know all this as well as we do, but their only rejoinder is that, in our particular case, refoim is impossible. As against this stolid and uncompromising atti tude of the chief departmental officers, it is well to remember what has been alleged on oath by civil and railway engineers who are not bound hand and foot by departmental red tape. Mr E. C. Christie, foi instance, has no hesitation in saying that the weight of the average goods truck or passenger car might be re duced by from 20 to 60 per cent. In some of our passenger carriages, he says, there is 10 tons of dead weight to each passenger. And he further states that the heavy passenger locomotives bring a pressure on the rails of 30 tons to the square inch. This enormous load, said the witness, overpowered the elasticity of the rails, crushed the fibre of the steel, and, in fact, destroyed the pei manent way. "We have been accustomed to hear that where speedy transit is demanded the rails need to be made heavier and heavier, and we are over and over again told that rails of 501bs to the yard are not a safe track for our ordinary rolling stock. Mr Christie av ers that not only can the weight of the ft eight waggon or pas senger cai be reduced by 50 per cent, but that the tiead of the locomotives can also be ieduced by one half by doubling the number of bearing wheels, as is done in America, and so working with a pressure of 15 tons instead of 30 tons to the square inch of rail. Assuming Mr Christie’s contention to be correct, and it is not, so far, dis puted by the railway authontes, it fol lows that we have been sinking and wasting money on needlessly heavy permanent way, and that every ordi nary train has dragged with it a perfectly unnecessary amount of dead load to the amount of about 50 per cent, of the gross weight of tke trucks or cars. It is not for us to decide between professional experts, but we cannot overlook the fact th.it if Mr Christie’s formal testimony be even approximately tiue, the mis management on our lailways is mare indefensible than the seveiest critic of the present system has hitherto diearned The evidence, so far as it has gone, can be referred to one or the other of two hostile and hrecon cileable classes Independent but .ac ci edited testimony declares that lines can be built and worked at about half the usual departmental estimate for building and working This would mean an indefinite extension of our national railways without adding one penny to the present burden of the taxpayer. Official evidence is as consistently to the effect that (the only possible method of extending our railways, and de veloping our unsettled country, is one that means immediate national loss, and proximate national bank ruptcy. At a late meeting of the Standing Committtee, returns which had been demanded were produced, and these, although doubtless arrayed to put the best face on matters, showed a deficit of earnings compared with working expenses of fiom 30 to 70 per cent It is admitted, even by the Commissioners themselves, who were supposed to report upon and to some extent guaiantee the financial result of the working of every piojected line, that there are scores of other offshoots of the infamous “octopus” bill, which will show similar results. And they further, and most plainly, infer, that of the big schedule of lines included in the notorious “ cockspui ” bill of last session few, if any, could be expected to'do much better. And yet the Com missioners decline to report unfavor ably of any project submitted to them, and would, by all appearance, have cheerfully lent their aid to the imposi tion upon the colony of a load of debt fiom which it would have taken ye'kis, and pei haps decades, to i ecover. The long adjournment of the Assembly has apparently given any disappointed or hostile members time to cool down and act on second thought. The foie cast is fulfilled that the House as a whole accepts the new position, but the large migration to the Corners in dicates that a watchful scrutiny will be made of the action of both the Government and the straight Opposi tion. There is nothing amiss in this so long as the sciutiny is fair and above board, but the aggregation of neutrals in the respective Corneis curiously illustrates the effacement of old party lines. Mr Mdxro, with commendable brevity, stated the inten tions of the Government with respect to the business to be undertaken, and this is in close accord with the fore casts which have already appealed in our columns The estimates are to take precedence, and when these are disposed of the House will be asked to deal with some urgent legislation and, to gam time, early sittings will be proposed. The preliitntiaiy business having been disposed of Mr Gillies commented on some of the Piemier’s utteiauces at Geelong, in winch he implied that the ex-Treasurer had traded politically on a factitious sur-; plus, and bnbed the House by promises which he had not the power to fulfil It was unavoidable that Mi Gillies should make some rejoinder, and he did it with much spirit and ability, carrying the war into the enemy’s camp by declaring that Mr Mdnro had made grievous misstatements, which weie highly unbecoming in a gieat statesman who was Premier and Tieasurer of the colony. The House enjoyed the encounter, but the matter of dispute was clearly regarded ns ancient history, the immediate inte rest in which had died long ago The necessity for a committee of public accounts is being acknowledged on all sides, and the establishment of such a body will be one of the useful by pro ducts of the late political turmoil. The matter of pioceeding with the building of the north east wing of Parliament House was dealt with, and it turned out that one, at least, of the reasons pressed by the Park imentaiy Buildings Committee was that a number of highly trained aitisans should be le tamed on the spot. Howevei, as the Speaker, who addressed the committee from the Government Corner, said the work could be well postponed in view of the rather low condition of the public Tieasury, and that existing accommodation would be sufficient for some yeais to come, the woik was eventually postponed. In the Council the change of Government was leceiied with gene ral acquiescence, but Mr Service remarked on the undesirability of nominating so mauyhon. gentlemen to portfolios without office. An unscru pulous Government might, said Mr Zeal, nominate half the House to honoraiy Ministerial positions, and so acquire a dangerously poweiful hold over the couise of legislation. It is suggested that some clear understand ing should be come to that in no circumstances should the number of honorary Ministers be more than two, and with this the country will readily agree. Altogether the new Ministry may count on a fair and peaceful entry into recess, with the assurance that the House and the public will reserve final verdict until their full policy is declared, and the amount of refoim they aie prepaied to initiate fully ascettained. The wuter in the whole of the reservoir wis running over the hywashes on Tuesday night. Yes enlny’s heat, however, o iused a decrease m the levels As one of the tramcars was coming down the Sturt street hill yesterday afternoon one of the horses fell and cut his leg so badly as to render the animal unfit for further ser vice with the company. The mishap some what alarmed two or three passengers. In the opinion of many the cars are driven down the Cunp Hill at too rapid a pace, and they consider it a wonder that accidents have not happened before It was at first intended to drive the horse back to the stables, but Constable G L M‘Pherson compelled the emploj ds to take it out, and the car was drawn back empty by one horse. The acceptances for the Bdlarat Turf Club Spring meeting appear in an >ther column, and are very satisfactory. The whole of the horses left in are nearly certain to start, and the racing promises to 1 be of a most interest mg diameter. Fine we ither seems assured and this most important circumstance now ensures the success of the meeting Most complete arrangements are being made as the attendance is expected to be very large. —- A meeting of the general committee for the celebration of Foundation Diy was held last night; MrJ Kirton, president, in the chair. Ihe business connected with the celebration was furtheied in several details Hie liltraiy sub committee were authorised to have copies of the programme for the literary and musical competition printed and distributed, -It was mentioned that several gentlemen who take an interest in intellectual culture had promised donations towards tho pn/e list, and it was expected that others would come forward The sports subcom mittee agreed to meet on Monday evening, and the concert sub committee will be called together m a day or two. Everything is progressing satisfactorily, and a successful demonstration is looked forward to. —Shortly after the arrival of the Stawell tram at Ballarat West last evening persons on the platform complained of an unpleasant smell The evening being waim, the foul pises almost caused several ladies to faint. Enquires were, of course, made regarding the bad smell, but the railway folk, as usual, could give uo information. A gentleman connected with the medical profession, how ever, determined to ascertain the cause of the unpleasant odor. He was successful in his search, as in the guard’s van of the Stawell tram were discovered a number of bullock hides with decaying meat attached to each. The guard, when interrogated, re fused to answer questions, but a glance at the face of the unfortunate man showed that the smell from the skins had made him sick. 1 It was ascent lined from a passenger that the foul smelling consignment had been placed in the van before the tram reached Stawell, and that it was more than probable that the hides were for more than a day contammat the other goods m the van under the heat of a summer sun The practice of placing objectionable consignments in the guard’s van on a passenger tram should bo jliecon turned in the interests of the public health. For a long while past complaint Fas been made of the thoughtlessness displayed by the department in oirrying from the sea board in passenger trams large quantities of fish, the smell from which, when packed in a close van, is must unsavoury. The jockey, William Jones, arrested in Melbourne on Monday by Constable Roger son, was yesterday brought before the City m igistiates on the charge of the larceny as a bailee of a cheque for £3, tho property of Catherine M’Dermott The accused was remanded uutil Tuesday next. An amateur art exhibition aad conver sazione will be held tonight, at the Fine Art Gallery. Numerous exhibits—some of them of considerable merit—have been entered, and a most attractive display will be the result. Tickets have been issued to the utmost capacity of the hall, so that it is hoped recipients of cards of entry will eon fine themselves to the numbers mentioned nn the invitation forms; otherwise an un pleasant crush must ensue. Tha cniver snzioiie will commence at S, and the doors will be open at half past 7. Ycsteiday was the anniversary of the Eureka nnts, and in various pirtsof the district the revolt, which now bgurcs pro mmently in Victorian history, formed a leading topic of discussion among old pioneers At the Old Colonists’ Hvll, Lydiard street, a flag was yesterd ly hoisted in commuiioration of the encounter at the Euicka stockade. A meeting of the Lied°rtafel committee was held last night to consider Mr John Robson’s resignation as conductor, and the (manual position of the society. In the face of the fact that a public meeting will probably be called in a day or tw o bj the mayors of the City and Town to consider the matter, it was resolved to postpone the committee meeting until after the result of tho other gathering is known. Ihe correspondence per R M.S. Auslrvl reached the Ballarat Post Office by tram from Adelaide at 6 30 yesterday morning The plant of Sport office was seized yester- day afternoon by virtue of a writ issued under the Printers and Publishers Act, at the instance of Mr W. P. Bechervaise, post and telegraph master, Ballarat West. The writ was taken out by Mr W. P. Bechervaise, and was issued because the plant was not registered. Mr Bechervaise took action in consequence of certain paragraphs that appeared in Sport concerning him, and which he considered reflected on him as a public officer and a citizen. The publisher, Mr A. A. Herberte, was asked to apologise, but instead of doing so published another paragraph of the same nature as those com- plained of. Messrs Fitzgenld, Shaw, and Lord, J’s.P , • presided yesterday morning at the City Police Court. One inebriate was ilealt with Francis Gunn, an infant born recently m the Lying in Hospital, was committed to the care of the department for neglected children. Six entries have been received for the pre pared speech on the subject of the Euieka outbreak and its results, for a prize to be given by MrJ A Kirton, president of the City branch, AN A. The competition will t ike place at the next meeting of the branch, on Wednesday night, up to which time entries will be received As the contest is open to all, whether members of the A N A Oi nob, it is hoped the list of competitors will be enlarged. Two well-known characters named Catherine Banks and Catherine Miller were in the Bdlarat Eist lockup last night on charges of vugrancj At a Warden’s C on Tuesday, before Mr Warden JLliomson, Robert Liw and party (writes our oorre spondent) ipphed to have forf-ited a mining claim situated at Victoria Reel, Browns, taken up by John Dvvey and another, upon which work was commenced and discon tinued, the defendants having suspended work for 14 days. Jt was now sought to have the ground put in possessiou of the plaintiffs. The case was not bend, the warden having intimated that it would be dealt with at Ballarat, Edward Here, jun , applied far a lease of 2 acres of laud at FraZ“r’s Hill, Soiythesdale, for mining pm poses. The application was opposed by tho mayor of the borough, on behalf of the borough council, nn the ground th it sluicing cirned on in that locality was filling up the mam creek, and injuring the property of Mr C. Birtels and others The npplicition was withdrawn, and the court rose. The Bacchus Marsh races take place to day. John Mcuigan, a groom employed at Mrs Powei’s Saley.vrds hotel, Aimstrong street, sustained a severe fracture nf the right ankle yesterday through being kicked hy a horse. Ue was taken to the Hospital and admitted. A Licensing Court (Messrs Thomson, Heron, and Oime, P M’s ) has been held at the Ballarat East Police Court Renewals of lic“iiseß for the Gordons and Warrenheip district were granted. An application for transfer Hughes to Ronalls (Gordo is) was refined with £1 Is costs, and the name of Ddy’s hotel, Gordons, was changed to Williams’, on the application of Mr J. C. Sh iw. A picnic party from the Daylesford Church of England arrived m Ballarat yesterd iy by tram. There was a large comp my of v isi tors, whb at once proceeded to the gardens The weather being very fine all enjoyed themselves, and everything pissed off most pleasantly. The Alfred Hall and it* adjuncts present a very busy appearance at present, and the prep iratinns for the exhibition are progress mg i ery fust. The truck for the Pi c* nx mmiiture locomotive is now completed, as is also that for the immature traction engine alongside. The mam building is being fast filled, and the staging of the exhibits m the hall and other parts is in a forward state To night a company, under the manage ment of Mr E 6 Russell will perform that stage poem, “Little Lord Fauntleroy,” in the Academy of Music The cast appears in our advertising columns, and, it will be seen, includes several well known and sterling players. Miss Mabel Russell, who has already won golden opinions for her acting in difficult parts, will fill the title role. The following casualties were treated at the Hospital yesterday: —Rowland Richards, Talbot street, suffering from dislocation of elbow, caused by a fall; Sarah West, Hill street, injuries to finger of left hand caused by being caught between two tollers at the Ballarat Woollen Mills; and Amos Males, York street, injuries to right hand, caused hy being canglit between two pieces of timber at tbe New Kohmoor Company’s mine. The council of the Old Colonists’ Associa tion met on Tuesday night to complete the arrangements in connection with their Charity Sunday service to take place on Sunday next at the Eastern Oval, Coin municatiuiis were received fiom the two branches of the Australian Natives’ Associa turn, intimating their sympathy with the cause, and their pleasure in joining the pro ccrsion, and kindly volunteering their ser vices m any way that may be useful to render the gathering a success The two brigades and the bands likewise sent very satisfactory replies, and the Ven. Ar„lideacon Green will kindly conduct the service Ihe hymns are being printed for distribution, mil the singing will be accompanied by the bind of the 3rd Battalion of Militia (by the kind permission of Colonel Greenfield) Full par Honiara will be published m Satui day’s paper. The social tea party takes place this evening, at 8 o’clock, at the hall Tickets are going off satisfactorily, and it is advisable those who have not already procured them should do so from the secretary, at the hall, so ns to enable the committee to make satisfactory arrangements with the caterer. Several amateurs have kindly promised to attend. At the Smythesdale Police Court on Tues day, before Mr Thomson, P.M , and Mr John Lynch, J P., Thomas James (writes onr correspondent) charged a man named Martin Maher with trespassing on his land at Ross’ Creek on the 24th November last When spoken to the defendant replied that he was acting for another person. Be (the complainant) had occupied the land referred to for about two years. The evidence was corroborated by a young man named Owen Williams. William Stockton deposed that lie had instructed Maher (the defendant) to fence in the land, and called Mr John Lynch, district mining surveyor, who stated that he had received instructions from the Linds Department to survey an acre of land on behalf of William Stockton, which he did, the complainant being ptesent at the time In the meantime the complainant applied for the whole block Case dismissed. We are requested to draw attention to the sale by auction to day of luncheon, citenng, temperance, and fruit booths in connection with the Juvenile Industrial Exhibition to be opened in the Alfred Hall on the 17th lost. The privileges will be offered for sale at 12 o’clock by Mr J, W Latter. Alluding to the report of the Mining Managers’ Certificate Board, just received, the- dije s iys:—“lt has taken seven gentle men a little over a year, and after putting 4319 questions to 124 witnesses, to come to the following conclusion.—‘Having fully considered the whole matter, we are of opinion that the evidence taken by us shows that the mining interests involved in this question object, by a majority, to the pro posed certificates, and, as compulsory certi ficites to mining managers would be new legislation, we cannot lecommend their adoption until it is shown by a change in public opinion to be desirable ’ This sapient conclusion is embodied in a report extending to 169 pages, in which the farcicil ami needlessly expensive practice is adopted of recording w ith most vveinsoine minuteness and useless iteration every question and answer to the 4319 queries put by different members of the board. A radical reform is absolutely necessity iu compiling leports of the proceedings of such boards as tins, not only with a view of presenting the evidence of witnesses in a concise form, but in order to put an end to the wasteful extravagance incurred in publishing voluminous docu ments that are nut worth the paper they are printed on. Members might well enquire os to the necessity for printing 1000 copies of this precious document, and it would be in terestmg to know who gave the order to the Gov eminent printer.” It is asserted that a lymph which has been in use for some time by Dr D'xon in America is identical with that used by Dr Kicli in oases of consumption _ In the widely read “ Echoes from the Sinokingroom ” in the S. A . licyistcr , “Scribbler’’ write-; —“We have much to be thankful for The Smoking room truth turns speik in awe of a serious man who was not only patriotic, and therefore valuable as a curiosity’, but who watched the manceuvr mgs of politicians in a certain Australian Assembly during five sessions, and still did not become cynic il or sceptical, or tiy to ste il his neighbors’ firewood on the sly But when he hid endured pirtof the sixth svssi m that man give up at the snne tune the unequal struggle and the ghost The alternative to death seemed in his f nicy to be contempt for, distrust of, and disbelief in almost everybody’. Before he finally departed he siw coiitmu illy in his troubled dreims long files of public men with axes to grind, and an endless procession of people in the peculiar shapes if the gnndstones for those ixes That spectacle affccti and his head. He became too weak minded even to mingle w ith politici ms. A meek man may endure a prolonged seren ide upon an asthmatic street organ, inn still continue to be i consistent though sorely tempted Christian; a strong min in ly sue * tain the dire tribulation of 20 minutes’ con secutive comers ition by telephone, and come out of the ordeal with some shreds of self respect and sanity, even though the atmos phere should be sulphurous and the ho ir frost of worry should have prematurely whitened his hair; but it is harder for a loafer to pass a post without leaning against it, or fur a boy to watch a football match without yell mg, or for a woman to sit in church without criticising her neighbors’ bonnets, than foi a man who is proprietor of the average stock of hu nan natuie to closely study things political, and still possess the capacity to look nut artlessly upon the world with an unsuspicious eye, and not try to trick anybody’ or even be mistrustful of the motives of most of his fellows In these remarks, ot course, South Australi i is ex How thankful we ought to be, and —how prou I' ’ An Adelaide telegram says —“ No little excitement has been occasioned here to day by the news that a well known miu on the St ick Exchange has been concerm and in a rape case The specul itor in question at one time occupied a more lowly position in life, but he made a rise in silver stocks, and now he weirs tall hats and a corresponding amount of dignity. The case was to have c nne on at the police court this morning, but an interested party got it adjourned until Friday. It seems that the speculator, who is a mirried mtn, has an all too attrac tive servant girl, and the other c.ening he, so it is stated, attempted to assiult her The girl stoutly resisted, and brought a ch irgf against her master of attempting to commit a criminal assault. The police court was crowded this morning, when the cise was to have come on; but without any public pro ceedmg, was adjourned for a week.” The Board for the Protection of Aborigines presented to the Legislative Assembly on Tuesday night their 26th report. It stated that the in enge number of aborigines and half castes who had resided on the different stations during the p ist year was 422, the number of half cast»s who left the stitmns and uie earning their living with the assist nice of the board was IS6 The number of half oa-te girls in service was 28. Several boys hid been apprenticed, and six oiplums had been transferred to the orphanage and industrial schools Ihe actual cost of the respective stations was as follows:—Coran derrk, £1952 4s 21; Framlingham, £l5Ol 12s; Condah, £1291 4s 7d; Ramahyuck, £1073 16 1 44; Like Tyers, £1286 19s 7d; Like Hindmarsh, £733 17s 5d There are occasions (says the Arqns) when members should think well before making int-rjecnons. Mr Munro, being naturally impetuous, does not always bear this rule in mind For instance, Mr Gillies on Tues day stated that some remark by the Premier in his Geelong address was mai apropos. “ Oh, don’t quote Latin," interposed Mr Munro, “give it to us in Scotch” The learned members of the Cibmet exchanged significant gl inces, but although Mr Munro was at one tune Minister of Education, he did not see the mistake. Mr Rockefeller, a New York “ million Hire,” has expended upwards of £50,000 in lighting lua estate on the Hudson river with electricity. The wires are all carried under ground, and the lights have been arranged among the tiees and rocks in a wonderfully picturesque manner. Mr Rockefeller has only to move a small knob in his library, and in an instant the whole of his grounds are brilliantly illuminated. 