An Ocean Tragedy1 BY W. CLARK RUSSELL. \--- CHAPTER XXXII.-(continued.) CONCLUSION. AT last, one morning we found our selves in the English Channel, bowling over the green ridges of it before a strong south-westerly wind, and within fifty hours of making the Lizard Light the brave little barque Sfar of Peace was being warped to her berth in the East IndiaDocks. Down to thatverymoment. incredible as it may seem, Lady Monson had given neither her sister nor myself the vaguest hint of what she intended to do. As we stood waiting to step ashore she arrived on deck and approaching Laura, exclaimed : "iMr. Monson, I presume, will escort on to a hotel." "Won'tyou accompany us, Henrietta 1" sister asked. "No, I choose to be independent. I shall go to such and such a hotel," and she named the house at which she had stopped with Colonel Hope-Kennedywhen she arrived in London on her way to Southampton. "You can address me there or call upon me, Laura. I have not yet decided on any steps. In all proba bility I shall return to Melbourne, but not at present." She extended her hand coldly to her sister and gave me a halghty brow. Laura bit her lips to restrain her tears, Iut her pride was stung; disgust and 4mazement too fell cool upon her grief. The last I ever saw of Lady 1Monson was as she passed along the quay towards .he dockyard gates. As she paced for -nard, stately, slow, her carriage queenly i "nmd easy as though, sumptuously clothed, *.nd in the full pride of her beauty she *.rod the floor of a ball- room, the scores of ,ailors, labourers, loafers who thronged ,.he decks turned to a msan to stare after .re. A stnilugo and striking figureo adeed she made, habited in the dress I which she wore when the Sharl; foundered, and whiclh, as you may suppose, by this time showed very much like the end of a long voyage. The brown veil concealed her features and to a certain degree i qualified the outlandish appearance of the sailor's grass hat upon her head. "So !" said I as she disappeared, " and now, Laura, it is for you and me to go ashore." We bade a cordial farewell to Captain Richardson and his mates, and to Finnsi and Cutbill, both of whom promnised to call upon me. I ihad the address of the owner of the vessel, and told the skipper that next day I would communicate with the office and defray wlhatever expenses we had put the ship to. I further took the addresses of the captain and his mates that I mnight send thelu soune token of my gratitude for our deliverance and for the many kindnesses they had done us during the long and tedious passage. A few hours later I had comfortably lodged Laura in a snug private hotel witlhin an easy walk of my lodgings, to which I forthwith repaired, and took pos session of afresh with such an esmotion of bewilderment excited insme by the familiar rooms, and by the feeling that I was once more hi London, with no more runaway wives to chase, no ilore Dutchlrlen to fire into, no more duels to assist in, no mnore volcanic rocks to split upoln, and no more galleons to sleep in, that I felt like a man just awnkened from some wild and vivid dream whose ilnplressions continue so acute that the familiar objects his eyes open upon seeml as plhallntasms that mulst presently fade. My first act was to send a milliner and dressmaker to Laura, and to see in other ways to her immediate requirements ; my next to address a letter toWilfrid'ssolicitors, in which I acquainted them with the loss of the Bride and the death of my cousin. Whom else to write to at once about the poor fellow I did not know. I asked after his infant, a:nd requested them to tell me if the child was still with the lady with whom my cousin had placed it before leaving England. I added that I should be pleased to see one of the -partners and relate the full story of the.voyage, the object of which I could not douht Wilfrid had informed them of before sailing. I spent the evening with Laura. All our talk was about what she was to do until she had heard from her father, to whom she told me she had written a long letter within an hour after her arrival at the hotel, "so as to lose no time, Charles." She had no relations in England, scarcely an acquaintance for the matter of that; with whom was she to live then I Even had Lady Monson settled down in a house shel was not a person with whom I could have desired the girl I was affianced to to be long and intimately associated. The notion of her returning to Australia alone was not to be entertained. There seemed nothing then for it but for me to overhaul the list of my connections, to make experi ments in the direction of relations, and endeavour to find a home for her with one or another of them until there should some day arrive a mail from Australia giving me leave to take her to my heart. NVell, it was next morning that I had finished breakfast and was sitting musing over a fire with a newspaper on my knee. My mind was full of the past.. I re member looking around me almost incre lulously with eyes that still found the sarniliar furniture of my room unreal and indeed almost impossible, listening with cars that could scarcely accept as actual the transformation of the roar and beat and Wash of the seas into the steady hum of ceaseless traffic in the great London roadway into which the street I occupied opened. Years had elapsed it seemed sinmc that night when my servant had ushered in my cousin, and I saw in fancy tho wild roll of lhis eyes round the aparnt meat, the crazy flourish of -his hands, his . . . . 2 -'. '- ? ? - ." - - posture as he sank his Ihead upon the table battling with his sobbing breath. I was disturbed by a smart knock on the door. " Come in." The landlord entered: a thin, ison-grey, soft-voiced man who bad for Imany years been butler in an earl's family, and who had retired and started a lodging-house on discover ing that he had married a woman of genius in the shape of cook. " There's a person below named Muffin would like to see you, sir." I stared at him as if he were mad. "Muffin ! " I whispered. "That was the n:ame he gave, sir," he exclaimed; astonished by my amazement. " Mullin ! " I repeated, scarce crediting my hearing ; "describe him, Mr. Cork." " A clean, yellow- faced man, sir, hair of a coal-blackness, looks down when lihe speaks, sir, seems a bit slinky in the ankles; a gentleman's servant, 1 should say, sir." "Show him up, Mr. Cork !" I ex claimed, doubting the description as I had the name, so impossible did it seem that this person could be Wilfrid's valet. In a few moments the door was opened, and in stepped Mnflus!-the Muffin of the Bride. Muflin the ventriloquist, Muflin the whipped and ducked, and, as I could have solemnly swr. rn, Muffin the drrowned! He stood before me with the old familiar crook of the left knee, hold ing his hIat with both hands against his stomach, his head drooped, his lips twisted into their familiar grin of obsequious apology. His yellow face shone, Iris hair was as lustrous as the back of a rook; he wore large loose black kid-gloves, and lie was attired in a brand new suit of black cloth. 1 know nothing in the way of shocks severer for the moment that tells more startingly upon the whole nervous system than the meeting with a iman whom one has for months and months believed dead. I was un allo to speak for a few moments. I shrank back in my chair when he entered, and in that posture eyed him whilst lie stood looking downwards, smiling and suggesting in his attitude respectful regret for takin-g the liberty of intruding. " Well," said 1, fetching a deep breath, "and so you are Muflin indeed, ch?7 Well, well. Why, man, I could have sworn we left you a corpse floating close to a volcanic island near the equator." "So I suppose, sir !" lie exclaimed, " but I am thankful to say, sir, that I was not drowned." I motioned him to sit ; he put his hat under the chair, crossed his legs, and clasped his hands over his knee. A sudden reaction of feeling, supplemented by his strange appearance, produced a fit of laughter in me. The image of his radish-shaped form, half-naked, quivering down the ranks of the seamen, with Cut bill grotesquely apparelled compelling him to keep tilme, recurred to me. " You seem resolved that I shall believe in ghosts, Muilin," said I; "and pray how came you to learn that I was saved from the wreck, that I had returned to England, was here in these lodgings in short, where I only arrived yesterday ?" "Sir Wilfrid received a letter from his solicitors this morning, sir, enclosing your letter to them." "Sir Wilfrid!" I shouted, is lie alive?" " Oh yes, sir, and very much better both in body and mind, I'm 'appy to say, sir. He would have called upon you him self, sir, but lie's suffering from an attack of gout in his left foot, and has been obliged to keep his bed for two days." 1 junmped from my chair and fell to pacing the room to work off by locomotion something of the amazement that threat ened to addle my brains. "Wilfrid alive ! " I muttered. " What will Laura say to all this ? Muffin," I cried, rounding upon him, "what you are telling me is a miracle ! a thing beyond all credibility. Why, we saw the yacht go to pieces ! nearly the whole mass of her in fragments camue ashore, along with four or five dead bodies. How in heaven's name did Sir Wilfrid escape ? " He responded by telling me the story. Johnson, the man who had died upon the island, was perfectly right in saying that lie believed a number of men had rushed to one of the boats shortly after the yacht had struck. I myself, remember being felled by a gang of people flying aft in the blackness. Mutlin was one of them. The white water over the side en Iabled them to see whalt they were about. The boat, a noble structure, of a lifeboat's quality of buoyancy, was successfully lowered, seven men got into her, one of whom was Muffin. The yacht was then fast breaking up. The men, to escape being pounded to pieces by the battering rams of the wreckage hurled on every curl of sea, headed out from the island straining their hearts at the oars ; but they were again and again beaten back. There were but five oars, and Muffin and one of the seamen having nothing to do, sat crouching in the stern sheets. Sud denly a figure showed close alongside crying loudly for help, Muffin grasped him by the air of hIis head, the other fellow leaned over, and between them they dragged the man in. It was my cousin ! By dint of sustained and mad plying of oars, they drew the boat clear of the wreckage, bringing the white line of the thunderous surf on the island beaclh upon their quarter ; they then gave the stern of the little fabric to the wind and seas and fled forwards like smoke, and when the dawn broke they were miles out of sight of the rock, A day and a night I of dead calm followed; they wore with out food or water, and their outlook was I horrible ; but at sunrise on the third day ; they spied tie gleans of a sail toswards Swhich they rowed, and before the dark Sness fell they were safely on board a large I English brig bound to Bristol. Sbuch was luffinl's story. He said that SSir Wilfrid, on being told it was Muffin Swho had rescued himi, prosmised to take him back i~to hIis service on raching SEngland. He added that my cousin hadl entirely lost the craze that had possessed him concerning his bulk and stature. The yacht on going to pieces had libe rated him, and with his sudden and startling enlargement his mad fancy entirely passed away. So that poor old Jacob Crimp came very near the truth when he had suggested to me that my cousin's senses might be recovered by a great fright. Muffin asked me the names of the others who were saved. I told him who they were. "And Mr. Cutbill wasn't drowned, sir?" said he. " No," I replied. " And Captain Finn is saved too. I'm so glad, sir." But the rogue gave me a look that clearly signified he was verysorry indeed. An hour later I was sitting by my cousin's bedside. He was stopping at an hotel near Charing Cross. I will say nothing of the garnth of -Our meeting. The tears were in my eyes as I grasped and retained his hand.- He was perfectly rational, had a more sensible look in his face than I had ever witnessed in it, and his smemory was as clear as my own. It seemed to me that the shock of ship wreck had worked wonders in him, though, to be sure, strong traces of con genital weakness were still visible in the quivering eyelids, the occasional irrele vant loud laugh, the boyish eagerness of Imanner, with now and again the passing shadow of a darkening humour. For a long time we seemed able to talk of nothing but the wreck of the Bride and of our several experiences. I very deli cately and vaguely referred to the delu sion that had imprisoned him in his cabin, but his stare of surprise advised me that he had no recollection whatever of his craze, and it was like a warning to me to instantly quit the subject. He told me that Muffin had behaved with a touch ing devotion to him whilst they were in the boat, pillowing his head when he slept, cooling his hot brow with water, sheltering him from the heat of the sun by standing behind him with his jacket outstretched to the nature of a little awning. He asked tenderly after Laura, and made many inquiries after the men who had been saved, bidding me tell Finn, should he visit me, to call upon hiin that lie might obtain the names and addresses of the survivors and enable them to replace the effects they had lost by the foundering of the yacht. "You do not ask after your wife, Wilfrid," said 1, a little nervously. "Oh, you told me she was saved," he answered languidly; then, after a pause, he added, " Where is she ?" "She refused to accompany her sister," said I; "she loves independence. She has gone alone to such and such a hotel, where, Ipresume, she is still tobe found." His face flushed to the name of that hotel; he instantly remembered. He bent his eyes downwards, and said, as if to himself, " Yes, she is of those who return to their bonnet." " What are your plans ?" said I. "As regards Lady Monson, do you mean ?" " Well, she is still your wife, and what concerns her concerns you, I suppose, more or less." "1 shall not meddle with her," said he making a horrible grimace to an involun tary twitch of his gouty foot; "she can do what she pleases." "She talks of returning to Australia." " Let her go," said he. And this, thought I, is the issue of your wild pursuit of her ! Had he but waited a few months, disgust and aversion would have grown strong in him. He would have been guiltless of shedding the blood of a fellow- creature-hlie would have preserved his noble yacht-but then, to be sure, I should probably never have met Laura ! His eye was upon me while I mused a little in silence. "My solicitors advise proceedings in the Divorce Coaut," said he, "but I say no. I certainly should never try my hand at marriage again, and therefore a divorce would serve no end of my own. But it might aniswer her purpose very well in deed; it would free her, and I do not intend that she shall have her liberty." "You will have to maintain her." " Oh, my solicitors will see to that," he answered with a curious smile. "Wilf," said 1, "she may fall very low, and then, when nobody else will have anything more to dowith her, she will return to you as your lawful wife, and play the devil with your peace and good inamne." " I aii not going to free her," said he snappishly. "Do you mean to make any stay in London l" said I. "I am waiting till the gout leaves me," he answered, " and shall then go abroad. I have been recommended to do so. It is pretty sure to come to the ears of Colonel Hope- Kennedy's friends that I shot him in a duel. He was a widower and child less, but lie has a sister, a Lady Guthrie, who adored the 'ground he trod on, and thought him the noblest creature in the universe. Iy solicitors advise me not to wait until I am charged with the fellow's death, and so I am going abroad." "Humph," said I ; "and how am I to be dealt with, as an accessory ?" "Pooh ! " lie exclaimed, t one never hears of seconds being charged." "You will take baby with you, I presume?" He answered no. During his absence a cousin of hIis had lost her husband, a colonel in India. She had arrived in SEngland with two grown-up daughters, Sand was so poor that she had asked F Vilfrid to help her. He lhad arranged I that she and the girls should occupy his Sseat in the North and take charge of his child. This in fact hald been settled, and Mrs. Conway and herdaughterswere now I installed at Sherburne Abbey. On hear Sing this it instantly suggested itself to me that Mrs. Conway would provide Laurau Swith the very home that she needed until ,we heard from Mr. Jennings. Wilfrid of course acquiesced; he was dlighted; he Sloved Laura as a sister, and Iris little one I would be doubly guarded whilst she was r with it. So here was a prompt and happy Send to what had really threatened to prove Sa source of perplexity, and indeed in some Ssenses a real difficulty. And now to endthil narrative. A fort Snight later WVllfrid went abroad to travel, as he said, in Italy and the south of France, and with him proceeded Mr. Muflin. SDuring that fortnight Laura and I were I frequently with him, but it was only on the day previous to his departure that he Smentioned his wife's name. In a careless \- voice and off-hand manner he asked if we Shad heard of her, but neither of us could Sgive him any news. We had not chosen to learn by calling if she continued at the \- hotel to which she had gone on her ar Srival. She had not written to her sister, nor lihad she communicated with Wilfrid's :solicitors. However, about a fortnight Safter I had returned to London from Sthe north, whither I had escorted Laura; there came a letter to my lodgigs admd I dresse to may sweetheart: I guessed the handwriting to be Lady Monson'a. I for warded it to Laura, who returned it to me. It was a cold intimation of her ladyship's intention to sail in such and such a vessel to Melbourne on the Monday fol lowing, so that when I read the missive she had been four days on her way. For my part I was heartily glad to know that she was out of England. Soon after my arrival I sent a descrip tion of the volcanic island and the galleon on top of it to a naval publication of the period. It was widely reprinted and ex cited much attention and brought me many letters. But for that article I believe I should have heard no more of Dowling and Head.. It chanced, however, that my account of the island was repub lished in a West Indian journal, and I thinik it was about five months after my return to this* countiry that I received a letter from the master of a vessel dated at the Havanna3 and addressedito a-sat the oflice of the journal in whichr ay har rative had been published. This man, it seems, having sighted the rock about three weeks after we had got away from it in the Star of Peace, hauled in close to have a good look at an unclhartered spot that was full of the deadliest menace to vessels, and observed signals being made to him from what he was afterwards in formed was the hull of a fossilised ship. He sent a boat and brought off two men, who, it is needless to say, were Dowling and Head. They very frankly related their story, told the master of the vessel how they were survivors of the schooner yacht Bride, and how they had declined to leave the island because of their expec tation of meeting with treasure aboard that strange old ship of weeds and shells. Day after day they had toiled in her, but to no purpose. They broke into the piles of shells, but found nothing save rottenness within, remains of what might have been* cargo, but of a character utterly indis tinguishable. There was not a ha'porth of money or treasure, so there was an end of the poor fellows' princely dreams. They were received on board and worked their passage to Rio, where they left the ship, which then proceeded to the Havannas. There can be little doubt that shortly after this the volcanic rock subsided and vanished off the surface of the sea, after the usual manner of thesoedesperate crea tions. The editor of the naval journal received several copies of logs kept by ships which had traversed the part of the ocean where the island had sprung up, and it was gathered after a careful com parisori of these memoranda that the rock must have disappeared very shortly after Dowling and Head had been taken off it, for the log-book of a vessel named the Martha Robinlson showed that three days later she had passed over the exact spot where the island had stood and all was clear sea. My time of waiting for the hand of Laura was not to prove so long as I had feared. Very unexpectedly one morning I received a letter from my darling from the Abbey. Her father had arrived on the preceding day. She could scarcely believe her ears when a servant came to tell her that Mr. Jennings had called and was waiting to see her. Of course he had not received her letter. s He had taken it into his head to visit England, both his daughters being there, mainly with the intention of taking Laura back with him when he returned. He was alhost broken hearted, so Laura wrote, when ste told him about Lady Monson. However, lihe was in England, and after waiting a few days so as to give him time to recover the dreadful shock caused him by the news of his daughter's behaviour, I went down to Westmoreland, was introduced to the old gentleman, and fomid him a bluff, hearty, plain-spoken man. He told me he could settle twenty thousand pounds upon his child, and seemed very well satisfied to hear that I was not without a pretty little income of my own. He ap proached the subject of insanity with a bluntness that somewhat disconcerted me. I assured him that so far as I could pos sibly" imagine I was not mad, that my cousin's craziness came from a source which did not concern me in the least degree. He was pleased afterwards to tell Laura that he could see by my eye that my intellect was as sound as a bell; an observation upon which I thought I had some right to compliment myself, for to be suspected of being "wanting" is often to involuntarily and unconsciously look so, and I must say that whilst Mr. Jennings and I talked about Wilfrid's craziness and where it camle from, he re garded me with a keenness that was at times not a little embarrasaing. Laura and I had been married two years when we heard of L.ly .Monson. Mr. Jennings had returned to Australia, but in one or two letters we had received from him he never mentioned Henrietta's name. Then came a missive in deep mourning. Lady Monson was dead. She had been received into thile Roman Catholic Church, so wrote the father in a letter whose every sentence seemed as though he wrote with a pen dipped in his tears. She had, apparently, given up all thoughts of this world and devoted her days and lighlts to ministering to the poor. One day she returned to her home looking ill ; two nights later she was delirious. She broke from the grasp of her attendants and marched with stately step, singillg in her rich contralto voice as she went to an upper chamber that had been Laura's bedroom, where, planting herself before a mirror she fell to brushing her rich and beautiful hair, singing all the while till on a sudden she fell with a shriek to the ground, was carried back to her bed, and two hours later lay a corpse. TEn END. 