REMARKABLE CATS, \ THE. following feline gossip we have gathered from various jounces, and now ay before our readers for their amuseifc. Utile cats have been known, like the M esinthe cat and three kittens has been seen in Edinburgh. Tortoise-shell cats especially are clever at opening doors; others deplorable poachers on weekdays, become the very pink of propriety as soon as Sabbathday conies round. Besides being capital hunterB and.mole-eatchere, others can fish, ring door-bells, steal cream, and break eggs in a most systematic manner. But let the following anecdotes speak for themselves:— , The eat that gfately laid & poftion of its dinner in front of a mouse-hole and then retired to aWait the result,. had surely Something in conimOtL With the human Speculator âhd quMk who does jitetty nearly the same thing ^ through & -newspaper advertisement While hlhck cats are supposed by thé iupeistitiôUs to have Some connection with the . Evil One, others make capital ghosts. A farinhouse in the north country was haunted % an invisible ghost* which, for a consîderàbîe time, had been in thé habit of ringing à certain bell, and the most lamèntable results were about to follow, when the famer with the family Biblé, àfid & fctudént with a bottle of whisky, sat up all night and effectually laidthë ghost it jva^ ais- ©oyered, very muchtO tlieîr MUifactabn, that the bell had been twig by puss.in her efforts to seize the handle, which consisted of fe hare's foot Ifàfay péojplè bàvcîieard of the ploughman's wise and affectionate cat Mysk. A plou^hmafL at the foot of the Ochils had been long ill—his home was in poverty—when the doctor said the poof man would die if his strength was. not kept lip by Stimulants and animal foôd. Let the sequel be told in thé words of the ploughman's wife. "î put àwa' my marriage gown and ring to get him wine ; but we had naethihg in the house but milk and meaL Surely, sir, it was the Lord Himself that put it into that cat's head; for that same night she brought in a fine yoiing rabbit, and laid it on the verra bed ; and the next night the same, and_ every night the same for a month, while's a _ • till George was rabbit and whiles a bird, till George was But up and going to his work as usuaL she never brought anything liame after that' The ingenuity shown by cats in opening doors is sometimes remarkable. A large cat in the country was in the habit of opening the door for himself in the following manner. The handle of thfe door was one of the old fashioned hooped kind, which required to be grasped and the lateh pressed with the thumb. He leapt on to the window-sill, which was near the door, sprung from their and caught the hoop with his forcpaw, and hung on until he pressed down the latch with the other— this operationrequiring considerable force— when tlu door swinging open, puss_dropped to the floor,and quietly walked in. In a like ingenious manner, a oat lias been known to open a kitclien-dresser door by working flie bar which acted as a fastener round from a horizontal to a perpendicular position, and thus gaining ingress. A correspbndent sends us the following : " A friend of mine has a cat whifch gives a double knock at the street-door when it wants to get in. The house has a side door which lias the upper panels glass, and the knocker is placed below this, so that by standing on its liind-legs it can reach the knocker, which it takes hold of with both paws and gives a regular double knock. Visitors who do not know Toms knock do not notice anything in it different from that given by a human being, and find it very difficult to believe it is the cat, until, Waiting till the knock is repeated, the door is opened, and Master Tom walks in. They are obliged to look pretty sharp to see that he is in before the house is shut lip, as he has several times returned home in the middle of a cold bight, and knocked again and again, until someone has been compelled to get up and let htin in. Occasionally whèn the door is opened in answer to his" summons, he will stand purling for a short time and then walk away, as if lie enjoyed the fun of giving them the trouble for nothing." Another contributor writes: "We had a horse which was kept in a stable not far from the house, and into the stable my man introduced a kitten, and a very close intimacy soon grew up between the kitten and the horse. I have often seen her on his back, which lier equine friend quite seemed to understand, and she made her bed ust- under his manger, and we have frequently seen them having bits of fun together. The horse would advance his head towards her, when puss would put up both her paws and prctêhd to scratch his nose, which he seemed rather to enjoy ; and then hë would seize grimalkin by the skin : of her neck in his teeth, : nd lift her up and quietly drop her, only to repeat the game, Which both seemed to enjoy. After a while we sold the horse, whereupon t-lie cat seemed quite disconsolate. Previously the stable had been her home, where she always stayed except for an occasional run in the garden. But now she could not be induced to stay there, and for weeks she lamented the loss of her friend by fretting and mewing about the house." " I am tempted," says a third correspondent, "to inquire whether instances are common of cats showing affection for strangers at first sight. Twice this has happened to me ; once on return from India after eight years' absence, and (lie second time on Matueran Hill, near Bombay. "On the former occasion, having reached home in the forenoon, I was taking a solitary walk in the garden after lunch, when a strange cat trotted up to me, rublied itself inst me, rolled on the path and frisked mt in front of me, n'ever ceasing its demonstration until I re-entered the house and room, into which it accompanied me. I was on the point of expressing my surprise and gratification at the warm welcome their pet had given me, when my father exclaimed: " What ! a cat ! you never saw cat in this house," and poor Puss, frightened at the tone of voice, flew out of the room,and was never seen again. Precisely tlie same extravagant tokens of regard were shown me at Matlieran on entering a house that had been closely shut up during the rains. In this instance the cat belonged to the Mallee who lived on the premises, but it was a recent acquisition, and had never seen me before. Tlie attachment was also short-lived like the former one, and ended that morning by Puss being caught With its head in the butter- dish when breakfast was announced. Both animals were full grown." An anecdote which has just reached me, from America," -writes à fourth contributor, " seems to outdo all former records. About. a year ago, a cat, unheralded aud unknown, came to thé house of, Mrs. Leonard, a lively Irishwoman, living at 93, Fifteenth Street, ^ South Brooklyn, United States; and the! •day after Pussy's arrival she was found on a nest of eggs -which a hen bad dessrted. Madame Puss was driven off the eggs repeatedly, for fear she would break them, jut persisted in, returning and lying on them. At last, tothe astonishment of the household, she appeared with four chicks, which she had succeeded in hatching! Since then, she has hatchcd four broods; and çn November 8th, when my cortespondent wrote to me, slife Was hatching A fifth ! The writer says : " When I called to see this chicken-hatching cat, I found in one corner of the kitchen a large bird-cage, around which a dozen good-sized chickens were strutting and' picking up a meaL Inside the cage, on some straw, was tlie cat, covering four eggs. In order to do this, she stretched herself Tidl length over them, and so tiidthem from view.* Mrs. Leonard says: t ' She le&ves; them at intervals, but only for short time; and the chickens she has « world sho w M much filial affection forher as & generally shown by chicks for their natural' mother.* The cat has always evinced great Vîn^noss towards h» offspring. When hèr first brood apeared, she carried one chicken up a stair, taking it cat-fashion by the back of the eck. The chicken's Skin being tender, lood flowed from the young biped; hut he cat applied her tongue to the wound aily until Ik healed, and now die chicken s à fnllrgrfrwn hfen." In the course of an animated discussion n the columns of 'thé Scotsman newspaper n the subject of ommol intelligence, everal good cat stories were related. We uote one or two of them. SbmÊ. iwéhty-five years ago a young ady residing in the €rown and Anchor lone, Carlisle, while alt At the fireside, fell awakened'by the cat, her back, -and was violently tearing her hair, to discover that her clothes- had oauflMr.iire to such an extent, that she escaped bemg burtft to death, tenacity of life in ited in the follovringstoi Water, given in the Greatly to tlie " cat, a lialE Pers and lier accustom the hearth, 4 ' knew her no more. 1 waB ttttdé high and low, but no trace of puss could be found. As time went on wé conjectured either that our favourite had been stolen by a sailor and taken fora voyage, or killed, and so resigned ourselves to our loss. Great, then, was our surprise làst Fiidày oil seëuàg pass quietly 'SSlK fâ, scarcely able to stand, a veritable skeleton, covered with fur, and take her seat before the fire. I need not say she was fed. and caressed ad libitum. The next day we learned her adventures. It seems on the 24tii of Febniary. pùss had strayed in to pay a neigjlboûr a visit, and then finding.a plank of thë flooring^tip-^a màn was aiterluc thfe gfis-pi|)<?ë-^Md rètifed into this hdlÈ to seek tnicë. In due iàjUrsé Ihéplaôk frûfi n&il;ëd dtrttfi, find the cat made A prispuéf. Sere théiû, without food, drink, dr air, pti&s; retained until the S0lh (if Mâfch, wllen her incessant scratching màdé tliè Oétupiër of thé honse fancy a rat muet hàfe a ûést thëfe, and take up the flooring out ^nMderably inote dêad tlidn alité; but kindly attfsed and fed with little dtopâ of beef-tea, and the next day found strength ctaWl hothè. Aftfcf her twenty*ïii days Ë fet, I think poor puss fully, entitled to & most absolute indulgence durihg thë remainder Auotliet- Of correspondent Lent." to thé {Scotsman, -, gives â brief biographical aceouht of several of liis feline friends. ""No. 1 was à she-cat of tlië gray brindled kind, which I believe is the Scottish breed. Shé, liké Klmrod. Wag a mighty hunter. Hares, rabbits, and partridges all fell victims to her sporting propensities. What is remarkable, is, that wliatctei* she kiiled she invariably brought home, and laid at my mother's feet If they were worth keeping, as they often were, they were appropriated, while puss sang her song of pleasure ; if they were no" worth keeping, they were given back to her, and she devoured them with relish. She ate none till tliëy were lifted and then thrown down to her again. She Was fond of fish, but unlike other cats, she was willing to Wêt lier feet for them. Often has she been watched sitting on the burn-r bank until a trout came within teach, when down went her paw and out caine the trout, almost without fail. "So. 2 was a Tom- cat, red find White. Like No. 1, he was a mighty hunter. At first he brought the fruits of the Chase home.; but afterwards became more selfish, and devoured what he could on the spot What was left lie kept hidden until it was required. Perhaps y our feadefs may consider what follows about him as incredible but it is a fact nevertheless. He seemed to become weary of the lying-in-wait process of catching game, and actually endeavoured to run down hares by speed of foot 1 Ever after that we considered him as having ' a want.' He was shot because, when a certain gardener was shooting partridges, Gib pounced upon a covey, and deprived the sportsman-gardener of his game. Out of revenge, he lodged the shot in poor Gib." A lady in Norfolk writes as follows: "We had a cat that always came to faihily worship. She knew tlie bell, and Would race from the garden or yard to reach the door ere it was closed, then takfe her place demurely on the hearthrug, and sit erect with tail curled gracefully roundhèr paws. When her kitten was old enough to enjoy the privilege, the mother made lier come too and sit by her side in precisely the same position, gravely reproving any inclination to play." We Close our selection with the following extraordinary instance of a cat drownin; itself, the facts being vouched for by ; correspondent in Perthshire who writes as follows: " I have never been able to find a prop solution for the pithy saying,'Care Killed a cat;' but recently a circumstance occurred which may. throw some light upon the matter, and prove an interesting addition to your anecdotes of animals. " Some of us a few days ago were looking from a club window which Commands à fine view of the North Inch of Perth, and were struck by the erratic movements of a large black cat. Tlie creature was wandering about upon the Inch in a listless and it seemed an aiinless fashion, sittiug down now and then, and after a brief pause resuming its loiterings. Presently it moved down the river-side towards the bridge which spans the Tay, and we lost sight of the animal and also of our speculations. Next day, as I was crossing the bridge, an acquaintance laid hold of me, and told me that he had something curious to com*- municate in the way of natural history. During his constitutional, his attention was arrested by the figure of a black cat sitting upon a heap of 6tones and wearing an aspect of the most strange dejection. Passing on, he turned round after a little and perceived the cat following slowly in his track. Then it came close up to him, gazed piteously in his face, and gave utterance to a low waU of peculiar anguish.- Holdingout his handout to the distressed creature he said, " Poor Pussy ! what's, the matter with you?" It looked at him steadily for a moment, and then descending to the river in silence, leaped in, and keeping its whole body resolutely tinder, was l h o a t k m M t b drowned in two minutes -without one. attempt to escape from it6 fate. Is it known to any one of your readers that animals are addicted like men and women to the sin of suicide? We have all readôf the scorpion putting an end to its agony by tlie keen poignard of its own sting, but we are in the habit of identifying suicide with those of the human species who cannot bear to face their own actions. Could it be that poor grimalkin was under mental aberration, or had care really killed tlie cat ? Were the cares of life too much for this unfortunate of the feline tribe? When we think of the proverbial dislike of cats even to wet their glossy paws, tlie act recorded evinces a deep determination of purpose and a fixedloathing of life. 