Sales and Sketches. [FOW FIBST prjBLDJHID.] BY ORDER OF THE CZAR. TUB TRAGIC STOEV OP AHNA KLOSSTOCK, THIS QUEKN OP THE GHETTO. BY JOSEPH HATTON. Author of' Cruel London,*1 *? The Three BecrnitB,' 'John Needham'e Double,' &c; [all sights bessrved.] pabxiil Chaster V. — at Venice bt Moonlight. ?' Make the acquaintance of the city of the ?e-v as a. matter of choice by eea and In the canshlne,' says Yriarte. Bat approach Venice how yon may, or when, her aspect it tmprenive beyond description. If it Is magnificent to sail into the lagoons from the Adriatic, it U bewitching to glide Into her waterways from the mainland and by moonlight. Furthermore, whichever way yon may approach yoor destination, yon will find it equally impossible to analyse the antsations that overcome you z in the end yon ?ill probably turn to Rogers, whom you hare regarded as a writer of men pr^e, tricked oat in Msnk verse, and recalling yonr unjnst estimate of the banker's Most, will in imagination plaoe a chaplet upon bia brows as tribute to the poetic picture of your waking dream. ' There Is a etoriom -Stv in the 6ea. 1h Sea is in the broad, Uie narrow streets, nibble and flowing : and the salt-seaweed Clings to the mtrblc of her palaces. Mb track m men, no f oototops to sod fro, Xeadteiter.catfl«. ? Tbe path Ite o'er the Sea Inidathle ; and from toe land we went. As toa noatinfr di j— ateermc in andjrlldioa; up her streets ss to a dream.' Across the long viadoct that joinj Venice to the ia.lnl.~l, the train glided over a world of swamp and marshy flab that reminded Dolly of the flata about the great rinr in .Norfolk, where it enters into tbs wide Bee. It suggested to Philip some faint menmiy of Hie Russian steppes, all unlike though ft area; and while Walter Mflbanke faroTit inore Patch than English, he took the approach to fairyland made upon Philip and Daily ; for be and Jenny knew Italy welt and -had already visited Venice en two occasions. Walter waa theatrical in bis «ucea.andtie found the approach to Venice Bke the prea'miaaries io the transformation arawof a Drnry Uo« paBtomine, beginning with dark mysterious gauzes, that suggest Gbnmriaa darkness, swamps, strange waters, and slithery ahorea of ooxe and weed, 'Hie nooa «hooe upon the vast mad-banks. Par wway there waa «. gUmpse of ana ; and farther stm, a pasting hint of a distant aaO dose unon the borison ; b«t do dty, jio lofty campaniles, no silvery cupolas, do golden doraeaand towers; only aanoraaa lighted by -thfrwjooo, a flat watery waste, through which the panting locomotive seemed to feel ita way ; and athxstwhentt gBdedintoan ordinary rafl arsy station— with snalighta and porters and aU1beetei»fei- ginga«fleeomotIvetiavel- tbangh^uy had attired at the glorious 4*57 Jnthe'asa, to both Dolly and Philip it atfll ?aeasedinrther away than erer. '?JfcUflbanke/salde stalwart Italian, stepping ap to the partyhat is hand. '? AfcTBeppo I' waa Waiter's response. 'U m a .-joy to ase yon,' aaM the Italian ; ' I wDl attend to the luggage.' . ?'la your gondola here I' 'Close by,' said Beppn, 'and I have my comrade with me.' ' That is good.' said Walter, handing him thewrapa, whtofa were of the lightest, and at the same tuna giving him his tickets for the baggage. Beppo waa a gondolier, picturesquely attired. Ha spoke Koglish with a soft pairing Und of aooent Walter UUbanke bad employed him daring his previous visits to Venice; andon this ocoasian had alao hired Beppo and a oaoirarifi, with a special gondola* to be at the disposal of the party during their star. He had also commissioned an especial uniform, with a bit of oolonr in it, on acoount of the royal festivities. When first Walter had suggested the Italian trip and the Venetian holiday, he had not counted npon arriving at Venice on tile occasion of a royal fnnobon and a fine art exhibition; but discovering it to be en fete he aeoored the best suites of rooms at the Hotel Bean Bivage and a gondola and gondoliers. The larger of the two hotels on the quay was already fnll of guests, when he made his dispoaitionB for their stay in Venice ; bat the same proprietary controlled the smaller and here the Milbanke rooms were ample, and almost facing the grand statue of Victor Emanuel, which the King and Queen of Italy were to inaugurate, and in connection with which ceremony the city was to revive some of her ancient glories in the way of fete and pageantry. Presently the Milbankes and the lovers stepped into the Venetian cab. It was lyiog by the station steps. It had no wheels, nor any horse. It was not ' the gondola of the London streets ;' it waa the gondola of Venioe, solemn looking enough, but not so solemn as others with their hooded deck*. V^elter had been minute in his instructions, *' for,' said he, ' I always remember my rw father's first and last visit to Venice ; was winter, but daylight; the gondola to him waa a floating hearse ; to enter it when it is in its full panoply of aervioe you have to back into it; my father lost his hat in doing so; the weather was wet and cold, it rained, the palaos where be was lodged was chilled wfth a Uttle charcoal etove; the next day he left the city in the sea ; and tier* you have the proUeat possible idea of Venice/ ' Walter, be sHl,' said Mrs. Mabanke ; 'the relation of that reminiscence is like throwing a atone at a lovely monument ; don't you see we are afloat!' ' I only wanted to cap Philip's disappoint ment at the start ; to put the finishing touoh to the mudbanks and the stark prosy realism of the railway station.' Philip made no reply, for by this time they were in those quiet streets, ' Asiaadream So amootbly. suently— by many a dome Ho-qne-uke, and many a stately pordeo. The atataiu raaotd along an aznre sky ; By many a pue in more than Eaatern pride, 01 olltie residence ol merchant long! \; The fronts of some, Ibougil lime had shattered them £'01 riotriur with the richest hne» of art. As ttiongh the wealtii within tAem had ran o'er.' Philip said not a word. Dolly's band had somehow found its way to his. She sat beside him. He was wrapped in the spell of his first sight of Venice. Sne, too, felt the stranse witchery of it Dolly's waa not exactly a poetical natore; but like the dullest of ns she ?ad her moments when the mind soars and feels a oonsdoosoeaa of its divinity. The air was balmy. There was no breeze. The moon ahone ateadHy down upon them* It was an azure sky u the poet hath it, though it was night. 1 he bine was dark but blue, and the more blue for the one or two silvery stars that twinkled about the silent reneotiTe moon. The queen of night waa surely contemplating the qneen at cities. 'We are the two queens of the world,' it might have been saying, so high, so lofty, ao dignified, ao proud, ahe looked np in the heavens ; and ao majestic, so pathetically majestiu looked the dreamy city of the sea, where moon and painftti glassed themselves in the calm waters. Xhe one or two gondolas that aocompauied our friends when they started, disappeared myatedoualy round bends of the Grand Canal, where lamps glimmered now and then in a half-hearted kind of competition with lighted windows tiiat aent anreaks of gleaming darts or broad beams of yellow down into the deep, ''H'C the rippling wavelei* that accom panied the gondola rise and fall with apUahes of colour that had the effect of molten gold. But tab waa only momentary ; the gondola slipped sT'^ atole along, like aomc shadowy boat in .ftww jinafip^T city, where the rjl««*M rose jike architectural apecbrea out of the bosom of the dreaming waters. . Philip, pressed Dolly's hand, f^he responded faintly* 'Somehow ahe felt innKnvA to cry. Walter .had lighted a cigar; he had one arm around Ida -wife ; he waa thiiA.ng of tile aupperhe had ordered, and wandering whether he would ask Beppo to atay .nd take them out later. There was music on the water far away. It fell upon their ears like the moaning of an ioiuui harp. From one of too palaoe windows there came the ripple of laughter. Beneath the balcony there abot forth from a little canal, a gondola gaily lit with lamps ; it aped away with great awiftneasa, and Philip watched the fading light* until they disappeared as H the aea had .wallowed them. How aotannly beautiful it all was I Pelaflee **' ^jtti^r *»?— V carrjnnff the w««'E back to the most mmantu days of the world's strange life, fall of heroic passages of human history, R»y with love ditties, red with tragic story, ramping with war and blatant with de fisst transpets. And oh I how poor the modem lay of Uie Venetian glories, how dim tha words that burned, bow intermittent tha thoughts that breathed when Venice has been the theme. Byron, Otway, Hosset, George Sand, how flat in ?— p*' with the reality ran Philip's thoughta i how wise that American writer, HoweUs, who did not strive to describe H,.p,^-^rfh.Kl.j hntwmti.lvw* nf thmiohl. and facts and impressions ; for Venice is a fact ; it was a dream to Philip, though ha fully realised that it was a fact— It and ita palaces, its Doges, its great wars, its rebellions, its Bridge of Sighs and ita historic Bialto, its pageants and its pictures, ita San Marco of the grand old anrtimt days, and ita Florians of tha frivolous present ' Bat who shall paint it!*1 he thought, 'and why has the poetic Buskin tried to catalogue and aet forth the details of ita heantif* aa if it were a pile of architectural brie a-brac I' There waa one thing Philip resolved, and that was, not to paint Venice, llie queen of cities, ahe waa to be suggested not painted, ahe was an Undine not to be limned as an anatomical study but to be indicated, to be dreamed ; the very thought of Canaletti'a pictures of her serene beauty made him shudder ; but he felt that Turner had under stood the city in the lagoons with her sinkus sun, her ahimmery waters, her white and golden towers, her lazy sailing boats, lumbering in from the sea. Philip was hardly responsible for what be felt or thought If he had eaten the insane root that takes the reason prisoner, he could not have felt more unlike himself, nor could he have been happier in his dreamy helplessness. In the shadow of a great steamer from the Eastern sea flying the flagB of England and the P. and O. they pulled up at the stairs of the hotel ; and on their left, like a great white ghost, waa the robed statue of Victor Emanuel, waiting the coming of the Ring and Qoeen to have Its fair proportions disclosed to the people. ' Supper '.' said Philip, when Walter invited him to that necessary repast. *( I feel as if it were a sacrilege to be hungry.' ' Not at all,' said Walter. ' It would be if I had not taken care to order a repast ; but just as nothing makes one so hungry as a gooi play or the opera, nothing iB more exhausting than the first impressions of Venice. I remember when first I came to Venice, that trip down the canal made me as hungry as my first experience of Don Giovanni.' Jenny and Dolly appeared at enpper with bright eyes and in bright costumes. Dolly was not so radiant as Jenny. The troth is Dolly was not quite happy. Alone during those last touches of the toilette, which Dolly and Jenny often performed together, Dolly had said to her sister, ' I really do not quite know whether Philip does not bos a little too much in nature and art outside me, I mean, of course to be quite happy with me ) I don't want to have nature and art always in com petition with fashion and me.' ' My dear,' said Jenny, kissing her, ' you are in yourself the highest embodiment of nature and art.' ?? Not at all ; if we were both put ap to auction, I shouldn't have a ehanee in oom petition with one of those old palaoes or with a moonlight night on the Grand CanaL' ' Tou are a queer girl, ' Jenny replied, ' he will get tired of Venice in a week. Venice is always the same ; a beautiful woman is alwaya different.' 'Now, girls,' aald Walter, putting bin head inside the door, 'supper, and shall I keep Beppo for a floating siesta afterwards!' ' Yes,' was Jenny's reply, ' what is the timer ' Ten,' aaid Walter. So Bemn and his oomrade ate their nolenta and drank a measure of wine, and smoked their cigarettes by the quay, while the merry English party had their aupper near the Hotel balcony, where you could see Carlo, the bead waiter, flitting to and fro in his dress coat, enjoying tho chatter of the guests. Beppo and his comrade agreed that the ladies were very pretty girls. 'They are so free and pleasant,' Beppo said, as he lay back in the boat looking np at the hotel windows. 'Most English ladies ?j-e, they are like our Queen ; ahe is for a queen wonderfully free and pleasant-spoken, nst the queen for a free people, eh, Bettjna?' Beppo called bia comrade by bis nickname Bettina, which had been given to him, because he was supposed to be womanish in his manners and had never been able to grow s. beard, but who in his build and in his strong arms was quite unlike a woman ; and be was still more unlike in the fact that he rarely talked, only as a rule said ' Yea ' and ' No1' when he was not simply 'nnt*.nt to smile or frown his yeses and noes. ' yes,' said Bettina. ' 8be will be here to-morrow, Bettina, and tiie king will unveil that noble statue of his royal father, Victor Emanoel, under whose banners we fought in the war, Bettina.' 'Yes,'aaid Bettina. ' Ana conquered, eh, Bettina P ' Yes,' said Bettina. 'And at the base of it there is fealy to chains and Italy free j and we helped Of break her chains, eh, Bettina r ?' Yea,' said Bettina. 'And these EngUah people an oar beat friends, Bettina, and when next we hare to fight they will fight with as on shore and at *°^ Yes,' said Bettina. While Beppo waa romancing about what Italy would be like after the next great war, the EngUah party came out with pretty cloaks and «auzy wraps npon their anna, the man with cigars in their months. Beppo hat in hand, waa ashore in one moment to be handing his passengers into the gondola the next, and helping Walter to arrange the 1^.1Ph».. ao that Dolly and Jenny should be at their most perfect ease, with Walter and Philip at their fact, the moon dancing away down in the aea beneath them, and sailing majestically above them with two attendant atara. 