? m And; made the Premier-IB ;^ He called it influenza, but u." It was a mental «hill. ^ lightmare of the annd, i daily rade, It followed him tbe city thro Wherever Duncan strode ; And to lus own abode. jH^phantom heavy weighed rub adamantine lead, It mounted to bis And vrben he laid it down and ran The phantom with him fled. At last the Horror found a veice, ""^""'And spakempariiamantf-^- - ~ Sut when its author let It speak, i A yell the city rent, And to the country echoed far, ' And awfbl bowlings se 1 The haunted lçadèr of the' . Fttim out its pwtals ran. The fearful vision In bis brain c: 'ApB^r bowl be^pï,~r I The jiâ[ft'i/uM wi^f it rôt» \- Dinning tiie haunted man-. i 'JpB cried, " I must be quit of this, !I11 run^themonsUr downf^««j® 111 racç^and dodge, andhide, and eut Uip Iloeethis iAit^^ii In country, bosh, or town." Alas ! wherever Doncan Tan The Spectre followed him, ' At every turn with Toiler voae It gathered language gjinL . ~ And yelled it» claims within viis ear Till reason tottered SMB. A In every path suburban, that The feet of Gillies :trod, New voices echoed in his ear, " Oar claim is first, and good, Grant us our boon," till Duncan vowed He oould not, if he-would. Tbey chased biro,with emphatic oaths, There voices fierce and loud, 191 phantoms many as were in Poor Tarn o' Shutter's crowd, Pursued him—onoe so dignified, But now no longer proud. ed with the mud of rage, mire of disrepute, HM bannked traveller rushed away To pick a grateful fruit, Ills thanks of gratified demands . Where growlinga would be mute. But le in «very country .part . Bough goblin bands did push ' The weary phantom-ridden one : In every mire and bush, Aad voices howled in bitter tones All through the gloomy bash. The voices of the swollen streams Roared in the Premiers ear, 14 The Railway Bill, the Bailway Bill Is not in favor here." " Thon traitor," howled tbe native dog With echo far and near. The laughing jackass screamed in scorn, "Thy spirit shall net rest, Thou art not weloome in the bash As any farmer's guest, Nor in the forest," and its young Laughed loud witjin tbe nest. The Premier trembled, full of fear That chartered into rage, u I will destroy this wretched Bill, And put this ghost in cage ; And so he rent, and rent, and rent To tear the haunting page. Tbe wretched parchment would not tear, He rent till hot and red, Thé thing was tough, and in despair He crushed it 'neath his tread, The foolscap with a magic life Lept quickly on his head. Then with his shouts commingled in The Phantoms awful shrieks, The talons of despair fixed ia a p i m h jo » r i g t t ^ p I i His br»io, and horror leaks, Tbe doomed man rushed the country o'er Pursued» an i rode for weeks. Dissatisfc. ction bent its hands And made tbem goblin fists ; On either side of him who fled Boiled horrid balking mists, Which Duncan Gillies ran between, Their gyves upon his wrists. Their fetters on his sorry heart, . Their nightmare on his brun. He, crying, " If I live through this, . I'll never seek again , - . The shimmering bubble of repute .. Which bursts in loss and pain." Still wanders Duncan-in, bis mists, In mirages, and ill,. With phantoms stirring up his blood . Like antibHious pill ; Ne feet until that land is reached That knows no Bailway Bill. July 8th. 1890. M.E.F. 