mrisH she sroi. fi 2J3fiB OF E3B EUKF. BTT 'BEOES.' Spbcialis Wbitteh fob ihb ' Eefdobh ' o— All Bights Bbbheved. CHAPTEE XXXV. HEWS PBOH.HOIIE. Smirk received hearty congratnlationa on oil Bides for his daring capture of Fletcher. He was tho hero o£ tho hoar, and oeo enterprising nhowman had even /jono so for as to offer him £S0 a week it ho would allow himself to be exhibited among his numerous and varied attrac tions. Smirk would have proved a big draw, but ho declined the oflor indignantly and considered he had been most grossly inouirea. ljoia.iuojuoia nauaea emiric a ahcaue tot £1000, end Marston supple mented it with a hundred more. It was now January, and tho CalooU party, os they may be called, were all safely located onoe more at Hawk's Neot, and right glad were they to leave Melbourne, where such triumphant and tragic BceneB had taken place. On their anival at Bandnick it was found that the lad Willie had quite recovered hia reason, and there could bs no doubt, from hia explanation of what occurred the night Edith Eingdon saw a ghost, that Fletcher was tho man who nearly did for Caloola, ?Willie, and tho whole party generally. Wells too had got over bis dosing, but it was a very soie point with him that ho had not ridden Coloola to viotory iu tho Cap. Lord May field still felt his loss severely, bnt the first bitterness of the blow had passed awr.y, although it had left a deep scar that time alone could heal. The wily Smirk aa soon ag he had settled with Fletcher had cabled to Squire Droyton that he had found Mareton (the Sqnire's son) and Ike Thnrton, He had received a reply to the effect that he was to bring his captives home at once. Smirk cabled back that he would do so aa soon as po3sible. He had said nothing of thia to Maieton, and decided to remain quiet. He called at the Post Office one morning for any IetterB there might be for him, and found one in tho Squiie's handwriting. He opened it. The note was laconic. ' Dear Smirk,' ic ran, ' you have done well. Yon Bhall have a hearly welcome to DrajtoD. Give tho enolosed to Jack. Mohican 13 first-rate.' Smirk could hardly forhear railing, although he would have liked a little more explanation as to what the contents of MarEton's letter were. However, he must make the best of it now, and give the letter to its lawful owner, with some kind of an explanation on his own account. Smirk went to Hawk's Nest and found Hor&ton;, as luck would have it, alone in Eingdon's Gonotum. He at once plunged into the business he had in hand. ' Mr Marston, I have decieved you,' he commenced. 'Indeed, Smirk,' said Jack, with a i mile. . ' ' . '?Yes, it ib the painful truth. I cabled to your lather that; I had found you both directly I had done for Fletcher.' 'The deuce yon did,' eaid Jaok; and Smirk, who had expected an explosion, was surprised to see him take it bo coolly. ' Smirk wont on with his explanation, and wound up by saying : 'I havo thia morning received a letter from the Squire, and——' 'Where is UP Let me see it,' said Jaok exoitedly. ' Oh for a sight of dear old dad's handwriting1!' ' Here it is,' said Smirk, as he handled the Squire'a note to his son. 'John Dray ton, Esq.' When Marston saw the familiar name in the old familiar hand he loved so well, he looked at it intently for several minutes, hia oountenanoe betraying signs of deep emotion. Smirk waa a keen observer, and saw he was not wanted. He went out of the room, and Marston never miened him bo earnest was his contemplation oil the missive. At last he opened it. He tore the enve lope gently; he handled it reverently. NewB from home. Who does not welcome it t After years of absence what a thrill the eight of some familiar handwriting creates. The old Squire's letter was long and closely written. Jack perused tie contents with, a varied and oft- changing txpreBeion of countenance. This ia what he read :— ' Drayton Hall, ' Derbyshire, 'December 2, 18— . 'My long-lost but nose the less beloved boy'— (' Dear old father,' said Jaok, and he kissed the letter), ' I feel I havo found yoa once more. Come back, Jack, to your old father and your fond mother, and be locked in their embrace. Your Bister joioa in the supplication. Canyon ? withstand it longer my noble, illused lad P I know all Jack (a sigh of relief from Marston.) Your brother is no more. He died a repentant Dinner, and confessed hia bae'e ! trenoheiy to mo before he expired. Had he not been on his death-bed I could have; strnok him down to my feet for the stain he had put npon our hitherto unsullied name. The Drayfcono have never been disgraced before. But I will not malign the dead. He caught a severe ohill after hunting, whioh brought on rheumatio fever. In his delirium I heard (enough to prepare mo for whet too to follow. When he became consoious . h& told me all. Oh 1 my ooor Jaok. How my heart bled for you. What you must have Buffered. ' And all to save the honor ot our name and shield & brother's treachery. To think he should shoot you down and leave yon for dead.. I know not the after talo but fancy good faithful Ike must have caved ^four life. Tell him for me the old post awnits him at home. I wont my 'old retainer' back once more. Boberts is an ass. ' He doeB not understand the hones. The Eooner Ike comes baok the better. Pardon the outburst of feeling my boy. I can't control mycelf when I speak of that con founded man. I've* no one to look after my papers. Hero's my dratted lawyer jwt come in. I believe he thinks I'm mad. I told him to go book home aal fake his muaty, jpapars' to his, iniquitous den. Soidl'was writing to my son. 'Pjb imy word I .'?- think he fancied I|WaB; 'gone. Probably I did cot da n lunatic,! jnot the first timo either. Bat) to. resas-f. . I cent for that bigoted old idiot ScOhir as soon as Fred conf ejBe,d his villainy. ? He deoliiied to come.'v' The dld^ outniudgubn, thought it a ' hoax: ; Said he'd -see me' ? ', — ? first,' '(Jaok smiled., The' wiy fc -?' ?! !e.tterwas written .was so characteristic .of. ' the Squire's impetuous hearty, manner that ? hio son almost fancied he could henrhim ?tpeakisg;)-'^- -,???' ???? ; ? J I ;had' to go myself and fetohhim. He ; actually dared to. refuse to see me'. Tha ; blood o£ forty. Dray tons was in me at this. ,' I- kiolsed— don't laugh boyl— I literally Iltioied the. stupid butlar on ono side. ,A Btoimy scqno ensued^whon, I mot St.Clair, lutl dragged him of! in trltsmph. c- Wiaen, ho beard poor Fred groan mid pitooujly t ak hiB pardon tho old fellow fairly broke down-. Beoiiadlike at-Vijltl. D — him, ie made me ory, sir, Wo wept like two old fools. We're bettor friondo than over now. What idiots wo havo been never to speak for five yeara. St. Clair said ho could never forgivo himool? for thinking yon wero tho cause of all hia trouble Ho ashed mo to send bis deep jregret and his moot ataplo opologics. He oaid n lot more mbbioh whioh I must omit, or yon will think tho old mnnio in hia dotage. Begad, tir, he'D flvo yeoroyonngcr than myBolf, now I think ot it. 'Tour dear m other— Heaven bleao hor, Jack— never doubted you, and E030, our trcttp Eose, ha3 prayed for youovory hour of tho day, I believe.. ('Heaven bless them,' said Jaok,) And now that tho lost one is found he must return at onco. Smirk Ib, I verily believe, a mass o£ inge nuity and detective eagaoity. Ho shall bo rewarded for hia trouble, I didn't liko him on 1 first appearances. He's an acquired taste, but, by Jove, he's all there, timirk shall bo an honored guest at Drayton. And old Ike must return. And bring oil youc friends with you, my lad. Charter a ship, buy a steamer, do anything in reason, bnt for goodness sake come baok to civili cation and your dotin(r.parents. Eecollect I have only yon now, Jack. Tour placo ia beside yonr old dad in hia declining years. Don't bo alarmed, I feel good for. another half-score yet. I can hunt, Jack, and I can ride in the first flight so far. Mohican a a beauty. You don't know him; Ike does. Come over and I'll introduce yon to tho winner of nexfc year's Derby. Ton must see that run, Jack. Some good year lings id the paddocks, and iE Roberta does not drive them all mad as well as myself we ehall have some great racers. Your dear mother and Bosie send more love than I can cram on to paper. Have you found her yet, Jaok ? Ia she good looking and well bred ? If she's your choice shs'il do. Biing her home, too. If Bhe is an Auotra lian it can't be helped. Great Soot, I never thought of it, she's not dark-skinned is ehe t' A roar of laughter from Jack Marston fairly made tho room ting again. ' Diar old Sqnire. By jove, won't Edith fmile. Not dark-skinned. Oh, lor, well I fanoy Edith will surprise him.' Jock continued tbe letter, ' I can put up with a good deal, my boy, but no balf-caate please. Your old father is halo and hearty for sixty- five Bummers, and ia eager to welcome ypu back. You have acted nobly, Jnok, and you will reap the reward. Adieu, my boy, your loving father awaits your arrival. Dbayton.' ' Coble when yon sail.' 'That's the Squire all over'' said Jaok. ' Wbb there ever Buch a father ? Wbat's to be done ? We must all pack up and go home. Let me .see, there's Cnloola to take. Who'll beof tbe party P I must get Kingdon and then Edith can come, and we can be married in the dear old church at home. Mayfield will go. Then there's Ike, Wella, if he'll come, and Willie. I must read the Squiie's letter to the assembled multitcde. Ac least a part of it. Poor Fred. He's paid, the penalty of hisfolly. Well, I forgive him ; but he once did me a great wroEg. I'll show that part of the letter to Edith and Ikq. ? She will know what it means, and faithful Ike will be mad with joy.' That night there were assembled in Kinpdon's drawing-room tho host himself, and Edith, Marston, Lord May field, Ike, BDd Smirk. HniBton read most of the letter to them. ikewaB hardly master of himself when tho Squire referred to him bo kindly, and they were all ' highly amused at the reference to Smirk. But when Edith was alluded to 88 a dark-skinned beauty the laughter was irresistible, and Edith joined in it as heartily as anyone. 'Now what's to be done !'' said Maraton as he finished reading. Dead silence followed the Squira's letter. Those present were all in deep thought At last Smirk spoke. 'We mustge home at all events, Mr. Morston,' Baid Smirk. ' I have a duty to lulfil. I have captured tho two men I ceme to Australia in seavoh of, and they must return in my charge to be delivered Bafely to Squire Drayton.' 'All right, Smirk,' laughed Jaok, 'I eboll have a nice talo to tell the Squire when I do rf ach home. I wonder what he will eay when he hears of your exploits out here, and how long you kept him in the dark. I should not like to be in your shoes, I can tell you.' ' I trust, Mr Marston,' said Smirk with ludicrous gravity, 'that you will refrain from caBting aspersions on my character. I kept silence at your request.' ' It all depends how yon behave,' said Jaok. The affair was earnestly talked over that night, and it was finally settled that early in February & start should be made for England. Eingdon had agreed to accompany Lord Mayfield, Moreton, and Ike, and Edith was of con, Be nothing loth to fall in with the plan. At Ike's earnest suggestion it was decided to ask Wells to go with them, and Morston felt sure the jockey would accept. Calooln woo, of course, to be taken home, asdliord Mayfield said he would like to take a good horse end two' or three well bred yearlings with him 'just to ahow what sort of cattle they had out hero.' ' If 3 Hobartville sale;th3B month,' said Jaok. ' Well inn up ond see if we can pick tip a decent youngster or two. They turn cut same goad ones there, and I hear hey are a fine lot this1 year.' 'That will suit mb esaoOy,' said Lord May Sold. ' Ike lad bettor come-too, and tthen we can't make any mistake.' And so it came about that in the space of a few ehort weeks the Eingdon party hed decided to cbaoge their quarters in Sydney for the; oldlond. '? ... .?':-,' ?? '' How do yon like the proBpeot, Edith P'* raid MorstoD, as they sat on the lawn en joying the cool evening breeze that wafted' across from tho sea.0 ; . : ' Oh, so mnoh, Jack, You know I coald go with yon anywhore, and it waa go good to press father to como. T am- rather frightened at thoproDpeotof meeting tho Squire though. ' He must be ouch a proud aristocrat; and' of . course will oxpcot bid only son to make a great matob.' . 'You need' hnvo no'feara on that ac count,'' said Jack. 'My father is a good old country squiro.. He is impetuous, bnt one of themoBfciraim-honrtcd and generous of men. He will welcome yoa to Drayton no my affianced wife, for I shall writo and tell him all partlonlora at once, and when we start. : Kose, dear little Bone, she will boa sweet Bister to yon, Edith. And my mother will find infyou a second daughter Yonr father will be welcomed for my saka bb well no for hie own.'-., ,..:', ?? ? . -,'. ' I hopo I shall do you oredit, Jaok. ,Ee member, before it is too. latev I otu only a bootmaker's 'daughter,' she ea'.d.with a' sigh.. ..'. '?'?'; ' ',v ' .-'? '?'??: '? .':.'??? : . '?' ' 'Yonare my affianced wifei Edith,; and your father is 'nj'nst and lioiiorable'man.' I oball never regret the choice I have made; I shall bo proudes o2 toy wife than it I had morried the riohest heiress in the land.*'-;. ':Bo jonJvvpiBSBO very mtjch,' Jriok f '- shocaid. - ; -.':..!?: .V-1..''^''-.1^.'. Mtf: . .......;;i; V. Ho Icoked her straight in the eyes as he eaid,' Better. I. believe, than -man ever loved before.1 I could not live withe at yorj Edith. Do you not trust and believe -tfieP.'. ' I do,' ' sho eaid,, slowjy, Mond ,,ga,ve .hipa; hf r hand. It^waa'isis'imple.geBcurej.ii'uu.-ic-' (oldMaittonhow deeply he was Joved ia rtiuru, . ?'1 tmoll itrpatienco to sail for home sowitiseettled'we shall go,' Baid Jaok, 'How dolightid I aboil bo to ceo tho old place once more. Yoa cannot imagino the lee i go, Edith, of returning homo of tar five yi oto wanderings.' 1 'It moat bo pleasant, vqiy pleasant, moio ecpecially when it io euch a home, Bid such paients as yoaro, Jaok,' ohe said. ' Aid Ebnll yon not regret leaving Auo iralio, Edith P' ho said. ' Certainly I eholl. I love thia ounoy lo&d.; I liko tho people. I love the dear lomiliar scenes. Bncoll would bo blank without yon, Jack. I shall feel qnito s. c'oi ciled in England if I havo yoa by my Bide.'* '? ' Dearest Edith,'1 ho Bftia, 'I will ropisy yon for all yonr oacrifloo for my Bake, a hnubDHd'e love shall make up for the losses yon sustain.' ???'?'? : They, sat in the cool, otill night for on hour or more and talked over the events of tho comiBft months. Eingdon joined them, and Lord May field alBOsanntered np. 'Fanoy if Mohican wins the Darbv.' said Jack. 'It \rould be almost too muoh good lack. The,' Squire never won taac i;reat race yet, and he's sot Mb heart 'upon ii. I hope we are. all there to see it.' 'YeB, Ihopo he'll win it,' said Lwd Mayfield, sadly. ? , ' I must leave you, gentlemen, tit the night,' said Edith. ' Father, I waac ' to have a talk with you.' Mutual 'good nights,' and Mayfield and Marston were left together. 'Jack,-' Baid Lord Mayfield, ' I can see her to-night as plainly as 'when I first clasped her in my aims. Is it true, old friend P Can it be trne t Jack, do you believe in a hereafter P' 'Yts,' said Maroton, solemnly, ' fche's there, Jack,' said Lord Mayfield, pointing to the starry sty. ' I wonder if ehe can see me here. I Wonder if she knowB the agony I have suffered. If ever Ism tempted to forget ker I wonder if oho would forgive.' ' Msyfield, I believe that poor Daisy would be the fiisfc to Bay to yon, could Bhe ccme back again for an instant, 'Don't mcurn for me. Be hoipv in your future life let me be a memory of the past, 'lia better ao it ia.' I don't mean to be harsh, Msj field. I liked yonr wife. She waa a noble wemsn, and she ended her life heroically. You, Mayfield, are a Peer of England. You must take your place Bmonget sour cIbbb and your order, it is your duty to your noble house to per fatuate their name. You are the lasc of yonr race. Tbe title must not pass away with you.' '? Perhaps you aro right, Jack,' saidLord May field, atter a pause. 'But I can never love another woman as I loved Daisy; The thing's impossible. For Heaven's sake don't talk about it, Jaok; its sacrilege.' Maiston eaid nothing, but somehow or other the image of his sister Bose came before him, anoV he railed. 'It will suit the Squiie,' thought Jack. 'Mayfield,' he said aloud, ' the future is not in our hands. We will leave that to Providence. Once in England you will plainly see the duty that lies before you. lam afraid I shall lose my friend in the great gay world of London.' 'Never; by Heaven, Jaok. You have been my best frieud. Come what may we shall be brothers for the future. . Oa the honor, of a Mayfleld I swear it.' : Maiston knew he meant it and that the fervid words needed no other response on bis part than, a hearty graap o£ the hand. : ? ; ? : ? ? : ??-? . (to be continued.) 