! OFFICIAL POLYTHEISM IN CHINA. (Sir Alfred Lyall, in the "Nineteenth Century."} The notion that the soul leaves the body during a trance or lethargy lies, according to Mr- Herbert Spencer, at the root of con ceptions of a second life after death; a soul may go and return, until to the body it .finally returns no more, but it nevertheless exists and can be communicated with in an invisible region beyond. To that region, whenever a message is to be sent, the second idea of liberating some unlucky soul from its body, naturally follows among-those with whom human life is of no more account than spilt water. It is upon authentic record that human beings were formerly slain in China at the obsequies of great persons, though the practice, which was evidently the survival, of earlier tribal customs, softened down into the milder form of voluntary self-sacrifice, usually by self-inhumation with the deceased. It then entered the symbolic and fictitious stage, when the custom of interring with a corpse images of wood or of straw became universal; until it now seems to have dwindled down into the burning of paper dolls at a funeral. And thus, from the bloody immolation of victims at the funeral of a savage warrior, up to the tranquil self sacrifice of the Chinamen, who agrees in re morseful expiation to accommodate his sovereign by delivering a present in Hades, one may trace the upward modification in form and sentiment of this antique custom, which, in the present writer's opinion, indi cates one of the principal and earliest motives of human sacrifice. In a ruder society poor Lin Chu'an would have been violently despatched to the infernal gods; while under the civilised Chinese regime it is at least assumed decorously that he hap pened to be going that way on his own affairs and might do the Emperor's bidding without personal inconvenience. Among savages the "other self" is occupied during a swoon in some congenial manner— usually brutal or absurd; among the Chinese it is passing an examination, discharging municipal functions or engaged in some other business that ac cords with the day-dreams of a highly-edu cated and much-governed people. It is easy to perceive how all this vivid realisation of two existences with similar en vironment and occupations may fall in with and support the cardinal political theory of subordination, for all administrative pur poses, of things spiritual to the temporal authority. For if the two states of being ad much resemble each other, if intercourse be tween the two worlds is not much rarer th,-ih between two strange countries, and if the spirits who haunt the visible world are merely disembodied men whose previous his tory is perfectly well-known, and who are open, now as formerly, to official manipu lation—this leaves little room for pretension on sacerdotal or supernatural grounds to in dependence of the soveieign power. Hades itself can be treated like Thibet, as an outly ing province of the empire under a mysterious kind of hieratic home rule; and, within the Emperor's terrestrial dominions at any rate, any tendency of spiritual per sons, disembodied or divinised, to insubor dination or local disaffection would be incon sistent with their accepted position under his Government. As politicians who can com mand success do not aiways trouble them selves to deserve it, so a potentate who be stows distinctions upon divinities need not be at the pains of securing tbeir approbation or mitigating their anger by any such self humiliation as has been practised by priest ridden kings. The religious policy of the Chinese is thus a powerful pagan realisation of Hobbesism; and though it seems to have been carried further in China than among the empires of antiquity, we may conjecture that the prin ciple has prevailed more or less in all Govern ments that have had to deal with religion in its inorganic state—with Natural Religion,as it grows up out of the free exuberance of man's fears and fancies. In Western Europe where we have been for centuries accustomed to treat religion metaphysically, it may be surprising to find that even towards poly theism a Government should be able to as sume so dictatorial and cynical an attitude. But we have to remember, in the first place, that polytheism has in fact never been treated seriously by statesmen or philoso phers; except possibly by the English in India; and secondly, that this practical way of handling it is warranted and partly ex plained by a right appreciation of the ideas which, from the day of classic paganism, underlie the popular worship. Piety, says Euthyphro, in his dialogue with Socrates, " is an art which gods and men have of doing business with each other." And so in the "Pekin Gazette" we find the ritual and worship of polytheism treated as the art of dealing with the unintelligible in fluences and incalculable forces by which the ignorant multitude finds itself to be sur rounded. So long as these forces are be lieved to be more or less under the influence of the beings who rise to distinction in the domain of ghosts and spirits, this art con sists mainly of propitiation, by prayers, gifts, and honours; and when wider experience and more accurate observation of con sequences prove this method to be at least uncertain, religion tends naturally to with draw within the sphere of metaphysics and morality. For morality, being a genera* lised experience of the right way of living, may in this sense be regarded as a wise and far-seeing appreciation of the conditions of the struggle for existence; the moralist utilises the blind forces reasonably instead of battling against them; they are made con ducive to human welfare, like a river that is drawn off to turn a water-mill. In the same manner the Chinese Government, conscious of its inability to dain up or disregard the floods of superstition which saturate the Chinese people, endeavours to treat this kind of religion as a natural phenomenon like the rains or the shifting rivers, and makes Hie best of it by taking the matter under ex ecutive control in order to direct the inun dations into fixed channels. 