GOOD FRIDAY. Yesterday being Good Friday was observed as a holy day rather than as a holiday, and business was almost entirely suspended. Indeed, many who seldom enjoy a Sunday's rest were relieved from their daily task yesterday. The omnibus traffic was stopped for the day, and a number of the men availed themselves of the opportunity to enjoy a day's outing. The city were a comparatively deserted aspect, but the religious services at the Anglican and Roman Catholic churches were well attended. Amongst the other denominations the Wesleyans hold services, the Baptists made Good Friday the occasion of opening their half-yearly meetings with a sermon preached in the Wharf street Church in the evening by the Rev. W. Whale and representative gatherings of Sunday school teachers were held both in the afternoon and evening under the auspices of the Brisbane Sunday School Union. RELIGIOUS SERVICES. ANGLICAN CHURCHES. No less than six religious services were held at St. John's Pro-cathedral, which, with short intervals between occupied the entire day from 7.30 a.m. to 9 p.m. The congregations were fair in the morning, and were large in the afternoon and evening. Litany and ante communion took place at 7.30 a.m., the Rev. B. R. Wilson officiating. At 10 a.m. there was a special service for children, conducted by the Rev. J. Stone-Wigg. There were matins at 11 o'clock, at which the Rev. B. R. Wilson and Rev. J. Stone-Wigg officiated, and the Bishop of Brisbane s preached, his sermon being specially applicable to the day which was being celebrated. From noon until 3 p.m. there was a continuous service conducted by the Rev. B. R. Wilson, and this was followed by a second children's service, which was well attended as the children's service in the morning also had been At evensong Rev. B. R. Wilson officiated and Rev. J. Stone-Wigg preached. At All Saints the curate, the Rev. J. Berry, preached in the morning, and the rector, the Rev. C. G. Robinson, in the evening, the latter taking as his text, " The Seven Last Words." Both services were fairly well attended. Morn- ing and evening services were also held at St. Andrew's, South Brisbane ; St. Mary's, Kangaroo Point ; Christ Church, Milton and Trinity Church, Fortitude Valley; and other churches in the suburbs. WESLEYAN Cncncn. Service was held in the Albert-street Wesleyan Church yesterday morning. The attendance was up to average on Good Fri- days. Rev. Henry Youngman preached, the subject of his sermon being the words uttered by the Saviour after having been nailed to the cross. ST, STEPHEN'S CATHEDRAL. The solemn offices in connection with the celebration of Good Friday's ceremonies commenced at St. Stephen's at 8 o'clock yesterday morning. The church was crowded. The Mass of the Prosanotiflod was celebrated by the Rev. Father Breen, of St. Kilian's, the Rev. Father Canali being deacon, and the Rev. Father O'Shea sub-deacon. His Grace the Archbishop presided, and the Rev. Father Fouhy, administrator, acted as master of core monies. Amongst the other clergy present were the Rev. Father Dorrigan, Red Hill ; the Rev. Father Lonergan, Charleville ; the Rev. Father O'Reilly, Logan; the Rev. Father Morris, Fortitude Valley and the Rev. Father Barry, Maryborough. The church was draped in black, and the vestments of the officiating clergy were of the same colour. The ceremonies of Good Friday in the Catholic Church are all indicative of a profound sorrow. The Church for the previous seven weeks had prepared the faithful by a strict fast and has enjoined upon them the observance of a solemn recollection, so that a change of life may take place previous to the joyous Easter Sunday. Scarcely had the priests put off the gorgeous vestments of silk and gold on Holy Thursday than preparation was made for the Good Friday's celebration. At the appointed time the celebrant deacon and subdeacon entered from the sacristy and prostrated themselves before the High Altar, where for a short time in this position they meditated on the sufferings and death of our Divine Lord. The altar was denuded of all its ornaments, and no candles were lighted, typifying the bereavement of the Church. A solemn stillness reigned over the vast congregation. Whilst the priests were prostrated two acolytes covered the altar and a deacon read the prophecy, Oseo, vi., having reference to the sacrifice of the Saviour and the goodness of God. Then a tract was read and a lesson from Exodus, xii., followed by Psalm 139\. The whole history of the Passion was sung by three deacons, from St. John, xviii. Each deacon sang separate parts of the Gospel narrative. One took the words of our Lord, another the part of the Evangelist, and the third the part of the people, as recorded in the Gospel. When the deacon came to that part of the Gospel, " and bowing down His head, he gave up the ghost," the whole congregation knelt to meditate on the great work of man's redemption accomplished by the death of Christ. The deacon continued the Gospel, after which the solemn prayers of the Church were read aloud by the celebrant. The first prayer was for the Church, " That the Almighty and eternal God, who in Christ hast revealed Thy glory to all the nations, preserve the works of thy mercy ;" then the prayers for the Pope, the Bishop of the Diocese, the Queen, " That our Lord and God may for our perpetual peace subject all barbarous nations to her," followed. A prayer for catechumens, for those who are afflicted, for those who are outside the Church, " That God may recall them to our Holy Mother the Catholic and Apostolic Church," were road. A prayer was said for the Jews, " That God would withdraw the veil from their hearts, that they may also acknowledge our Lord Jesus Christ." The last prayer said was for Pagans, " That they would be converted to the true and living God." At the conclusion of this prayer the celebrant removed his chasuble or outer vestment and received from the deacon the cross, which was veiled, and, facing the people, sang, "Behold the wood of the Cross on which hung the Saviour of the world." This was sung three times, a portion of the cross being unveiled each time. The kissing of the feet of the cross took place immediately afterwards. The celebrant and the deacon took off their shoes, and, kneel ! ing, kissed the feet of the image of the Crucified. During this ceremony the following verses were recited :-" My people, what have I done to thee, or in what have I grieved theo? Answer me. Because I brought thee out of the land of Egypt, thou hast prepared a cross for thy Saviour." The choir sang alternately, in the Greek and Latin languages, " 0, Holy God ; O, Holy, Strong One ; 0, Holy, Immortal One." Other verses were sung by the choir having reference to the goodness of God and the ingratitude of the Jews. The hymn, " Crux Fidelis," was then sung, after which the "Miserere," that psalm of mercy and compassion, fell upon the ears of the people. If no other means remained by which the Latin tongue should go down to posterity than the great song, it would alone be sufficient reason for the survival of the language, as it clothes the meaning of the words with a majesty and dignity which no other language as capable of. The rendering of the solo verses was all that could be desired. The " Vexilla regis product," of Venantius Fortunate, written about the sixth century, on the arrival of a piece of the true cross, sent by the Emperor Justinian to St. Radegundes, Queen of France, was sung by the choir with a feeling and pathos well worthy of that great hymn. The procession of the Blessed Sacrament took place during the singing, from the Altar of Repose to the High Altar, where the mass was finished. At the evening service there was present a congregation that was probably more numerous than any which has ever assembled in Brisbane. Long before the hour at which the ceremonies were announced every seat in the church was occupied, and chairs and forms had to be placed in the aisles. Even the steps of the altar had to be used as seats for all who could find room upon them. By 7 o'clock there were hundreds of persons standing in every part of the church and porches, and the sacristy was also filled The service was conducted by the very rev Father Alphonsus, Archbishop Dunne presiding As is customary on Good Friday evening. in Roman Catholic churches, the sermon was on the seven last words uttered on the cross, and as each formed a separate text there were in point of fact seven distinct sermons Father Alphonsus, whose vigorous eloquence has been admired by all who have had the privilege of hearing him, was even more earnest than usual His descriptions of the sad scenes with which he had to deal were most powerful and realistic, and he frequently brought tears to the eyes of a large proportion of his hearers so fervid was his language and so stirring the appeals which he made on behalf of the gospel of which he is a minister In the intervals between the discourses on the words the choir sang the music of Rossini's " Stabat Mater " Athough the choir was not very strong in point of numbers, all the portions of this exquisite composition were finely given The particularly Bond character and extended compass of the solo music renders it a heavy task, for even highly trained professional vocalists and amateurs almost invariably denude it of all pleasurable interest This was not the case last evening, for the Solos were all very well sung, and the choir, the organist, and the instrumentalists who assisted are entitled to much credit BAPTIST ASSOCIATION MEETINGS An inaugural service in connection with the half yearly meeting of the Baptist Association of Queensland was held in the Wharf shoot Church last evening, when there was a fairly good congregation The devotional exercises were conducted by way Revs. Messrs Whale, Poole, Glover and Bloodwood, and an eloquent sermon was preached by Mr Whale from Acts, xx , 28-" Take heed therefore untoyoutaelvcs, and to all the Hock or of which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the Church of God which he hath purchased with his own blood " He reminded his hearers that they were that evening not under the auspices of the Baptist Association, an association of churches, not of individuals money. They were met in their capacity as representing churches, and he had long thought that the Church ought to occupy a lad got and more important place in thou con siderations. They had regarded the idea of the Church more as a matter of sentiment than as the actual teaching of the word of God and the basis of the practical operations of God in the world, and was suffering in consequence The New Testament was principally given to the Church, and the Church was the pride and glory of Christ Speaking of the Church in relation to the redeeming work of Jesus Christ the preacher said that the Church was the special purchase of the blood of the Son of God Every one connected with the Church of Christ hold, or ought to hold, that they were redeemed by the precious blood of Jesus Christ It ought to be realised more than it was that the Church was itself identified with the redeeming work of the Lord Jesus Christ The Church was the only society on earth-and he made the statement with great dohboralion-thatdistmc lively led into or unto the name of Christ, and whose meetings got their particular value and all thou authority from the fact that they were gatherings in His name Considering the Church in relation to its personal Head and Lord, he said that the strength of the Church did not he in its numbers or wealth, but in the Head that moved the members and in the life which manifested itself through them I dont fication with Christ mount the coming into fellowship with him, and because of their communion with Him into communion with one another. Referring to the Church in its relation to the ministry, the preacher contended that there could be no such thing as a one man ministry 'The members could not put the responsibility of the Church upon one man, and could not easily release themselves of the privilege of serving Christ They would never do the work of life by refusing to do the work of the Church. Mr Whale asked the representatives and members of the various churches to do all in their power to make the conferences and services a great success 