The Dying Year. FROM AN ETHICAL POINT OF VIEW. On Sunday last the Rev. G. D. Buchanan, of the Wickham-terrace Presbyterian Church, preached special sermons appropriate to the season. In the forenoon he chose as his subject "The weaver's loom and the web of life," taking as his text, from the revised version, Isaiah, xxxviii., 12, "I have rolled up like a weaver my life: He will cut me off from the loom." He said:—The words of Hezekiah: the effect of knowing that our days are numbered; of realising that the years of our life are in the misty past. What is this little life? and has it been worth the living? Hezekiah represents it as a day, and at once we see humanity as the ephemera, with the dawn growing into noon, retiring into evening and deepening into the night of oblivion. Again we have life repre- sented as a tent. At best the tent-dweller is only a sojourner, and at any time may receive the command to "move on." But where? "Into the shadow." If this be all, truly life is not worth the living. The figure of the text gives a higher and more hopeful view of life, though one that might well set the soul to trembling. Life is as a web, the past weaving is rolled up, as upon a weaver's beam, man under God has been tee weaver, at say moment the web may be declared finished and the weaver dismissed from ths loom, but his work will still remain, to be revealed when God un- rolls the web. We can see how forcible this illustration most have been to the Oriental mind, since so much of the life of the Eastern people was associated with the loom and the weaver's art. Egypt speaks of the antiquity of the art, and shows the skill of the weavers in the mummy cloth, which we may see to-day. That the Patriarchs had an eye to the beautiful, in weaving, we can see by Joseph's coat of many colours, and at a later period, when the Tabernacle curtains were of the most delicate material, and wrought with exquisite skill. This leads us to consider the weaver weaving the web of life with such materials as God hath given him. What shall we call the materials that can be woven into such a web? What better name for them than "Capacities and Opportunities?" As each and every one has something peculiar to his own personality, and experience, it is easy to see, that each web of life, bearing the mark of the weaver, most differ from all others; e.g., one has a vigorous constitution and steadfast principles with a brilliant intellect and comprehensive mind, and withal perhaps the genius of the poet or the artist. All this will be woven into the web of life and unrolled in the life to come. But another is a weakling in body and mind, and without force of character, besides being hardened with hereditary taints, and possessing only an imbecile will, while compelled to con- tend with fully developed passions. What chance has such a one in such a world as this? When all this appears in the web of life, as appear it must, will not the greatest of all blessings be that the judgment is not in the hands of man, but with an omniscient and merciful God? Again looking at opportunities, see how one has all the benefits of a good social position, early education, and religions train- ing—born with the proverbial "silver spoon" in his mouth—while another from birth feels the cold blasts of adversity — born in slavery, or in a heathen land, of heathen parents, and absolutely without encouragement, or hope in youth, while in later years , he sees nothing but the grim black clouds of misery. With this view of living no wonder the Buddhist ideal is to escape life in the unconscious existence of Nir- vana. But if God supplies the materials, how is man responsible ? Manifestly for the use he makes of the God-given materials. The blackest stains on the web of life will, no doubt, be privileges abased, and talents unused, while the greatest credit will be given to those who have made the most of few talents and small opportunities. How often, even in this life, do we see this law in operation ? so that with the turning of the great wheel of fortune the upper goes down, and the under finds the top. God can only expect the web and the material to correspond-—only the best possible, under the circumstances. But how can this help us? An honest view of ourselves, at the close of another year, can but make us tremble. We have received the finest of material for our weaving, yet who of us would want to be present when our web of life is un- rolled ? Will it not everywhere show the coarse thread of selfishness, and the black thread of passion ? To be honest, is not the whole web stained through and through with sinful thoughts, words, and deeds ? Men often tell us that their creed consists in the belief that " every man who does the best he can will be saved." True, says conscience, true, says reason, the law, and God; but where is the man who does the best he can? No man living who wishes to be honest with himself can make such a claim, for if he did there is the web of life to condemn, and though wound on the beam of the past, and mostly hidden, yet the stains are there. For examples of weavers, and weaving, look at Judas, with such choice material, yet weaving through it all the black thread of avarice, and can we cast stones at him? On the other hand, look at Paul, weaving through all the troubles of life, the threads of love and consecration. But we must look to Jesus for the ideal of human perfection, and to his life to see the web of the finest quality—the only one of spotless purity. If this life comes from God, and returns to him where and when he wills, how will mine appear ? The question of questions for the dying year, because the past unrolled determines destiny. Such is the teaching of conscience and revelation. Can any web of life stand the scrutiny of God's eye, if it is to appear just as woven, with all the coarse, black, weak, and broken threads of our own choosing? No, no, echoes a world in despair. Man's greatest necessity is to find some gracious power by which the past may be amended and cleansed, and by which the future may be woven only with God-given materials. God has made this provision, and thus satisfied man's necessity. This is the essence of the gospel " good news." But even this has increased man's sin, for the blackest of all sin is the rejection of the offers of infinite love. How often have we done this in the year just passed ? All will appear in the unrolling, but the best life will reveal much more of Christ's work of correction than man's work of construction. In the evening Mr. Buchanan preached on, *• The Weaver's Shuttle, and ths Flight of Time." His text was—Job 7, vi., "My days are swifter than a weaver's shuttle ;" and in the coarse of hie sermon he said,—ln this oar last Sabbatb and servioe in 1889, it is well to oo—aider the flight of time, and the fixed record of the year, for good or evil, of opportunities improved or lost. Tbe longer we live the more we must realise that in our earthly life we are ersatores of time that flies, and of space as yet undefined. That time snd spsoe are related to the visible universe we learn from John's vision of the angel of God, witb one foot on the ssa and the other upon the land, declaring that "time was, time is, but time shall be no longer," but aU enveloped in the indefinable eternity. In whioh condition of things tho sea is to be no more, and tbe heavens aro to be rolled together like a scroll. But whst is time, and whst space? Simple words, and often uttered, bat too deep for human thought to fathom or human philosophy to define. Some philosophers have ventured upon these defini tions—namely, "Tims is the negation betwixt the boundary lines of motion," and "space is the negation betwixt the boundary lines of form," bat suoh defining is not intelligible to tbe multitude, and still the question is asked. Then the posts and essayists set themselves to deeoribe time rather thsn to define it thos:—Cowpsr—" Time as he passes has a dove's wing, unsoiled, and Swift, aad of s silken sound." Cicero—" Tims is that whioh destroys the speculations of men, bat oonfirms ths judgments of God." Shak* spssre—"Time is the old justioe tbatexa-nass all offenders;" " What's past and what's to some is strewed witb husks, the form less rain of oblivion." Colton—" Wisdom walks before time, opportunity with it, snd re* pentanos behind it/ Young—"Timein sd raace, behind him hides his wings, and seems to creep, decrepit witb his sgs. Behold him when passed by; what then is seen, bat his broad pinion-, swifter than the winds?" "Tims wasted is existenoe, used is life." "We posh tuns from ue, then we wish him baok." ''Time's a god; hast thou ne'er heard of time's omnipotence?" When the posts sad philosophers are done, let the Christian answer: " Time is the sncoeseion of moments, given for duty, and that I may prepare for eternity; time to me is s commodity for use, a book for instruction, a ladder by whioh I may climb the watchtower of serene, truth-loving contemplation and reverence*, but alas, how often men use it as a ladder by whioh to desoend into some deep dark pit of human passion, each day finding them one rung lower _t depravity. The text brings us baok to the loom, and tbe web of life, and fixes attention upon the swift-flying shuttle carrying the thread whioh is to sppear in the finished web of life. Tho flying shuttle and the woven threads naturally lead us to the pleasant, or unpleasant, duty of retrospection, and here questions of transcen dent importanoo present themselves to every earnest soul, anddomaud serious answers, e.g., in the light of heaven, where nothing oan be hidden, how docs my life appear? In my secret soul, what has been my ohief object in living this year? What effect has my living had upon my body, mind, and soul ? If my object has been obtained, has it been worth the effort, and is it likely to have any permanence for good? Haviug asked and answered these questions, in all seriousness, we may pass from the subjective to tbe objective, from experience to observation, and ask what the world has to teaoh us at this point. The first answer of the passing years is, that there is some unseen, but ever-operative force constructing, destroying, and reconstructing, as the seasons come and go. As Nature in tbe past made a record for the reading of tbe scientists of to-day, so we would fain believe nature is writing now for the readers of generations yet to oome. Thus death is not destruction as we had thought, aad dying is only the apparent, the reality being stepping-stones to higher forms of life; from physical existenoe to thought, and from the mental conception to the highest form of spiritual snd eternal existence. And what hss eaoh person and every nation to teaoh us bat that all sentient life is directed in the psesing years hy an overruling power, and that all are asking a record to be read at the final judg aunt. What will it be ? God as vet covers it as with a veil. We must wait until he draws the carta!-, when the mysteries of the s___ight will be clear in tbe noonday. -bat is -fst- rospsetion of no practical use to me now? Deoidedly yes; for if it produces its n-roper fruit, it will for ever banish envy and all thoughts of revenge, as well as every Snordinate desire. By retrospection wa may understand Addison's meaning when he says,-— •■When I look upon the tombs of the great, •very notion of envy dies. When I read the •pftaphs of the beautiful, every inordinate ossirs forsakes me. When I meet with the •grief of parents upon a tombstone, my hesrt melts wit- compassion. When I sse the tombs of the parents themselves, I reflect how vain it is to grieve for those whom we must so quick.- follow. When I see kings lying be-ide those who deposed them; when I hshold rival wits, placed side by side, and the holy mon who divided the world with their content * aud disputes, I reflect with sorrow and a-toui-h \--_tent on the frivolous competition", factions, and debates of mankind." Without envying tbe past, or unduly fearer the future, we may make use of the golden now. The fatal mistake of so many is that " to-morrow " appears in the distanoe as the ghostly ghost of " yesterday," and by its shadow of terror paralyses the action of "to-day." Because something adverse happened " yesterday," therefore do nothing " to-day," but wait until "to-morrow." O man! Knowest thou not that "because" and "wait" are twins in the destruction of all that ia noblest and best in the possibilities of humanity P By this means a false philosophy of life is produced.-— namely, that life is too short to do any thin•» of importance, and too long to do nothing; henoe the chief end of man becomes, not "to glorify God and enjoy Him for ever," but to seek out some new in vention for "killing time," and thus to many this becomes the chief business in life. To introduce a serious subject in conversation with such is either to drive them mad or speedily from your company. "Time enough to morrow" is their constant pies, though they may know that countless liven, and even king doms, have been lost through procrastination. Yonder in a lake fanned by the summer breeze is a little boat rooked by the gentle wavelets, and within the boat is a maiden fast asleep, all unconscious that ths string of pearls around her neok has beoome detached, and one sod of the string having fallen orer the side of the boat, with eaoh rook of the tiny craft a pearl is shaken off and disappears in the crystal depth. One by one they are nearing the pearl of more value than all the. others. Something startles the sleeper, she awakes just as the chief pearl is trembling down the string. A gra*p— her hand plunges into the water—gone—a moment too late. Who oannot see in this picture au experience of 18S9 ? While asleep to possibili ties, opportunities have been slipping away, and the awaking has been too late to save the prize. With the gliding years will we also allow the "pearl of grsatprios" to psss for ever beyond our reaoh P While ever careless about the present, we are all anxious to peer into the unknown future withont stopping to reflect that while memory isa blessing prescience wonld be an unutterable curse. Suppose we were endowed with a faculty hy whioh we oould sse the future, suoh a gift would paralyse all present aotion, for if our future 2s to be better than the present, how we would chafe with discontent, and think the time long and heavy, whereas, if the future was to be worse, should we not always be saying ** what's the om, seeing it is all to snd in* failure?" And so also, if we were able to sse the unseen, for if the glories of a better world were open to our vision, how unbearable would our present life become, snd all oar momenta would be spent in wishing to die. If we were endowed with microscopic vision, how we should be terrified with the food we eat, and with the water we drink; seeing only great monsters in tbat whioh we regard as neoessary to Kfe. Therefor*, ths greatest ef all charity is the curtain which hides the future, snd the veil whioh covers the unseen. We oan only wait until we are able to sse sad hear things too wonderful for us to understand, as yet. Buffi* cient for us now te sse and know tbat without Christ all is darkness, and that with Christ " all is well." To sum it all up, thsre are three views of time, any one of which may be ours—namely:—l. The view of the world ling—Tho Past: Oh; never mind it; it has flown. The Present: We'll enjoy it; that's our own. Ths Future: It's remote; let it alone. 2. The view of the sceptic—The Past: A maze, too endless to explore. The Pre-ent: An enigma and a bore. The Future: Fog and tombstones; nothing more. 3. The view of the Christian—The Past: A sad memory of human sin. The Present: A time to repent and labour in. The Future: Eternal happiness to win. Which will you chose for a. d. 1890 ? 