IRovcKst. THE SQUATTER'S DAUGHTER. By Harold M. MacJcciizie. fcOPVBIGHT SESEKVED.l CHAPTER V. Tint SQUATTE&S;' COP. The day of the Finbaurne race meeting was ushored in with all the appearance of wet weather, but after a slight shower or two whioli was jast enough to lay the dust, tile sun which had been hiding be- hind a thick bank of clonda issued forth, making all bright again. Everyone was np betimes ; some were to ride to the course and others drive. Amongst those who rode were young Dalrymple and Miss Seacombe, the latter attired in a dark green babit, than which, per haps, nothing could have snited her better. Eric, of coarse, was to drive his team, and great wae the anguish amongst the remaining ladies when they saw Ida Fordyce assisted on to the box- scat. These little attentions, which, perhapB, may seem nothing, arc not thought lightly of amongst single girls who fancy them selves slighted when perhaps, as often happens, a married woman usurps what they regard as their right. In this case, however, Eric did not wish to give of fence. He felt himself privileged, being an engaged man, to citoosc wliomsorer iie pleased, and with that in view chose the best lnokinir to ornament tlin f rein t sent of ilia drag. , It could not be denied cither that Mrs. Fordyce was very sweet to look npon. She had when analysed no very great re deeming features in her face, yet withal, there wasan iudesnrihablebeanty of expres sion which leu ; a charm to her eyes, and a mouth just a thought too large, per haps. The recent showers had drawn a sweet vitelline fragrance from the pine and eucalypti trees which lined the track that led to the course over which the drag ssil four bowled. Rabbits, th.es-! posts of the rqnatler, scud-lcd across the road in huuarcds, as r e noise of approaching hoofs starthd them from their ambush. Cockatoos, magpies, and the irrepressible jackass v. nil its mocking laugh greeted the party from the neighboring clumps of wattle Tied gujn. The morning was just such a one as makes the heart cf man rejoice, and now that the little Fordyce episode had been forgotten, the party under Eric's charge v. a3 laughing and talking merrily. "I mast really lay claim to much . honor in being fivored with this seat when so many girls arc present," cx- cliimed Mrs. Fordyce, in her most win- " You most not. forget, however," answered Eric, " that you are the ri-ht p. rson in the right place, seeing that- you are acting the part- of cha- jcrjne." At this speech an amused little smile played rouud the corners of her mouth, knowing that if that term could beap- pl ed to her in theory, practically her chnperonage was a farce. ' T.dkiug cf chaperons, Mr. Rymans- couvt," she continued, "do yuu believe, the company would behave themselves any the less were I not present. Is itnot in these days, when girl3 are allowed so much independence, just a trifle absurd? We iiarc not the eyas of Argus to watch, th'cm everywhere." 4 Weil, realty now, you come to put it in that way," touching up the near side leader, " it does strike me as being such, jiiorc especially when the chaperone in question receives cs much, if not more attention, than those under her charge. " At this remark the large black sunshade of Mrs. Fordyce was gently lowered in <i'ui-r to coac-'al front Eric tho mischievous smile on her face. Very m ally put, Mr. Rymans- court, it wouldn't do to say that such a speech coming from an engaged man is out of place. You arc a privileged being, ami cx-rcisc li.at right to perfection; were you otherwise J should order you to turn I tiie horses' heads." ' Eric knew just how much of this last, . apparently withering retort, to fcelieve. i 'iors was the kind of disposition that he 1 fancied he conld fathom so easily. To i put lu-r -ut of temper was impossible, so -whatever else people might have eaid about the pretty Mrs. Fordyce, this at least, could not be laid to her charge. Her hiiBhand who was. Boated at the hack of the vehicle, poring over a race card, was in her eyes of as little import ance as the leaves which strewed the track ahead of them. Sha bad made a bad marriage, and mora sensible than iimsc of her sex, was aware of it. . Bat j never did die by a ghost o£ a chance ap- j >e a r so before the world as anything but the happiest of mortals, Sha looked - -upon ill display of temper, when -her hus band did something to exasperate her, aa the worst of form, only suitable as Bhe would say, for cooks and servant girls. Scenes of nil- descriptions were her positive aversion, and she avoided them. She waa without children, and rather congratulated herself upon the fact, be lieving as ahe did that, if there had been amy they would moat certainly have taken after thair father. Whatever faults Mrs. Fordyee now possessed were doe to the result of this unhappy alliance. Her marriage, like many another, had started under the most favorable auspices, only to grow as time wore on, utterly intoler able. That trust which she bad so im plicitly placed in her husband had been ruthlessly betrayed. All her proud nature revolted at the treatment she had received from her partner, and unable to show proof of his basement, was content to suffer in silence. " What about your chance of winning to-day, Mr. Ryin anscourtr ' ahe exclaimed, as scarcely more than two or three miles separated them from the coarse. "Ah, that is more than I can say, bnt if training can do anything and "Tear- sway" doesn't show temper at the post ni be bound to say we'll make a good race of it." " Why are all these exciting pleasures reserved for men," continued Mrs. For- for something of the kind can only look on. It makes me far more nervous to watch a steeplechase than if I really rode in it." " Gome, now, Mrs. Fordyce, plucky as you are, no one would care to see you risking your life in that fashion. Imagine your head not perhaps an eighth of an inch off struggling hoofs. It makes one shndder to think of it." Mrs. Fordyce had never regarded the situation from this point of view. " Well, I can assure you there will be no pleasure for me to-day until the Cup is over. - My heart' will bo in my mouth at every jump your horse comes to." This last was said with almost a pathetic tone in her voice, to which Eric, nut un- fiattered by the remark, replied : " NonBenee, it will be the moat glorious fan out, and remember from your bands and no other will I take the ribbon of honor if my horse wins." jut o g't/iu/w nvuiu uatp i»ibu«u wa nothing better than to have been able to crown Eric Rymanscourt with vic tory's reward. In many ways and by casual little speeches let drop, she bad shown her cards to this astute yonng man, who now rattled ou to the course in the midst of a varied assortment of people who had flocked to tho Fin bourne meetiDg. In front of what was generally known as tke "Grand-stand" the " Earatoo- mab drag and its living freight came to a halt. Had the day been made to order, none better conld have been provided. The course was alive with life. Bookmakers, louJ-tongucd, and ar rayed in garments of wonderful and fear ful make, shouted the odds in one's ears. Grotesque negro minstrels wandered about front carriage to carriage, going through the usual buffoonery. Aunt Sallies, three-card trick men, thimble- riggers, and the thousand and one honest and dishonest distractions of a race course were here in abundance. Within the saddling paddock, where Eric, accompanied by Ronald Gregory and others of the party were, walked the horses, swathed from head to foot in warm rugs- Jockeys and trainers stood about iu knots here and there, deep in consultation as to the likelihood of the patient training bestowed on their re spective horses at lomrilt resulting in success. Around a dark: iron-grey hunter, clad from head to foot in a thick navy blue rug with the initials " E.R." worked in the corners, stood Eric, Dalrymple and others. " Strip him," said the former to the stable-boy, whose arms were neatly pulled out of their Buckets from the con stant habit which Ten ra way had of throwing liis head up. Presently was revealed to (heir gaze the satin-like coat of the grey, whose veins, standing out like thick cords, and bold eyes, clear as crystal, denoted this picture of equine grace aud strength to be in tke pink of condition. " What do you think of him V en quired Eric of Ronald. "Couldn't be better," remarked the latter, whose judgment in matters of horse-flesh was much respected. " How about that off fore-log, looks to me a trifle puffy. Has lie had bandages on enquired the manager of Timboora, walking up to examine the limb more closely. " You've a sharp eye indeed, Mr. Gregory," answered Eric. " That is the only queer- looking point about him ; there is nothing really wrong, however. I've hunted him twice a fortnight regu larly with the Melbourne hounds without his showing the slightest sign of weak ness." The ho.-ts by this time were taking their preliminary canters before the first race, and Eric, having instructed the. stable-boy to put the rugs on again, and not keep the horse standing, sauntered back with liis friends to the drag. The grand-stand had since filled to re pletion, and alongside the feuces which lined the -course a perfect sea cf faces watched the animals as they strode past in majestic sweep. The race itself was of not much im portance, being one of those fivo-furlong bursts in which from start to finish the horses pounded along like steam engines. It was soon over ; the winner weighed in alright, and once more the running track was given over to the crowd. A crowd of the oddest collection of lmman beings it was possible to imagine. Acrobats were herb earning ah honest penny in showing to the coterie of on lookers to what extent they could bend their flexible backbones, which is more than oould be said of the lynx-eyed in dividual who declared that speculation was the footstool of fortune, and that the monkey who picked out the winning number conld do nothing deceptive. Yes, truly a buzzing, merry, excited throng is that of a raoeconize, where one cansLudy human nature in all its varied forms. . At the close of the third event an hoar and a half would elapse before the race of the day, during which time the party on the drag were lunching. Well stocked hampers were now unpacked and their contents discussed. Champagne-fiorkE, without whiah no race luncheon-party is complete, flew from the 'bottles as the golden liquid sparkling in the sunlight was poured into the gbsftes. " Can I tempt you 2" said Eric.io Mrs. Fordyce, placing before her a sandwich and glass of Pommery. " Many thanks, Mr. Rymanscourt, bnt really Z conld" touch nothing just now." - Tins was no affectation on her part as might have been discerned by her looks. .Her whole face wore a pale aud anxious expression. But really should advise yoa to take one little sip of 'tis, if nothing more;" with which pressing -request she raised the glass to her lips more to please him than anything else. Presently the saddling .bell rang, re minding Eric that he must not delay longer, as there were many things to be looked to before the race started. "Remember,"' he said to Mrs. Fordyce at parting, "yon are to have the ribbons all ready. ' Tearaway 1 looks as fit as a fiddle, and if I'm not first past the poBt at the finish, may I never win another race." Ida Fordyce dared not trust herself to make answer. Her heart was too full for speech, bnt as she cost one longing look upon the speaker, - who . had now swung himself to the ground, her eyeB, if ever a woman's breathed love in them, spoke volumes. "Ah, how wrong it is of me to f eel like this," she thought to herself aB Eric's form vanished in the crowd, " he an en gaged man, and I a married woman." The thoughts of her own position, how- over, did not trouble her much. She would have left her husband to-morrow for all she cared about him, but to Bother affections npon a man who was pledged to another, mode all her better feelings rise np in reproach at the idea. Such waa her train of thought when she was startled from her reverie by seeing the Eric was now giving final orders to Tipoo about the tightening of a girth, or adjusting a throat-band, during which operation "Tearaway," now workefl up to a pitch almost bordering on insanity, showed his decided objection to. " Give him his head/' Eric said quietly to Tipoo, as he swung lightly into his seat, "and bring my ulster down to the scales when 1 come in." With this last command Eric rode ont of the paddock, htBblackand gold satin jacket and cap, and faultless boots and breeches, making the finishing touches to a perfect picture. He was almost the last to make his appearance, aud as he put " Tearaway " into a gentle canter a murmur of admira tion broke from the assembled crowd. With the exception of young Sefton's "Sprightly," and a horse called " Lamp lighter," ridden by Jack McNangbtcn, Eric felt that he bad little lo fear. The rest of the field for the most part was comprised of hunters, well bred enough, though without mnch pace. There were ten altogether. The starting bell by this lime had rung, and the horses were making their way io the post. The " Timboora " party were nil eyes at this moment, levelling ield-glasses, laughing, talking and mak ing finol wagers as to the result. Amongst them on thereof of the drag stood Mrs. Fordyce, her tiny mother-of-pearl glasses trembling in the small gloved-hand which held them. She saw or cared for nothing but the black and gold strides which glanced in the sunlight, as fretting aud fuming " Tearaway " wheeled round and i 'round in his impatience to be off. Every- j body's gaze was turned in the direction of the horses, and nearly everybody, it may be said, had an interest in the race. Tiicjine was almost complete, except for that brown colt who, letting ont with : his heels, made all confusion again. The starter, with flag in hand, stood rigid aa a sentry awaiting patiently his oppor tunity. There was scarcely a whisper now amongst the crowd as they strained their eager eyes. Time after time the horses wheeled into line, when, just'at thecritical moment, one or two overstepped the chalk mark, ' and had to be brought back again. " It's very aggravating," exclaimed Ipsa Seacombe, who, perched on the highest coisn of vantaee the drao could afford, almost bit the end of her pencil in two. " That lanky, brown colt ia doing all the mischief, 1 wish I had him for a season, I'd teach him manners." Scarcely had she loade this remark when the magic words, "they're off," burst from a thousand pairs of longs. On they came like a flock of tropic birds, steadily and well in hand, for the race was three miles in length, besides stiff fences to negotiate. _ It was hard to tell which horse looked like a winner as they dashed past the stand for the first time. Real work had not begun vet, the riders steadying them down in order to restrain their too eager rush at the first jump, which consisted of a thick log-fence with anything but a nice landing on the other side. Mltii acclamations of delight issuing from the crowd in general, all the horses had cleared the first obstacle, and were now getting well under way. The brown colt was making the run ning, being about five lengths ahead, and pulling like a demon ; behind him came .litres ia a clump, amongst which was i young Sefton on " Sprightly," holding hard, and knowing just how much rope to give him. Then followed the rest, at the head of which '"Tearaivay "and " Lamp, lighter " were conspicuous. " Take you iu half-crowns," said Miss Seacombe, in answer to odds offered her i.y Ronald Gregory, about the brown colt. Soou all glasses were levelled again on the steeplechasers as jump after jump they flew. " Heavens ! what a fall '."shrieked Miss Eltrood, as a huge bay horse came crash ing to terra jirma with its rider. But there was no time now for watch ing events such as these. The field swept on, utterly unmindful of everything hut what lay before it, and for tho second time they rushed past the stand. Tiic pace was now beginning to tell npon them, and comments wore freely made as to who would pull it off. "Lamplighter " was leading and going like a bird, then followed a dark little roan which no one had dreamed of back- ing; after these came "Sprightly," "Tearaway," and a couple of homes of not much account, with the rest no where. This boing the last round, tho water- jump, a nasty-looking ditch lined on one : side with a prickly thorn fence, had to be faced. As ' Lamplighter " approached it and eventually cleared it by yards, followed by the roan who did so, too, a ringing cheer went up. But what dis may amongst the remainder who, with the exception of " Tearaway," " Sprightly," and two others . all -came to gncf. Fall after fall as crashing over the fence head long into tho Water, with riders mad- bespattered and dreuched, they emerged from (heir bath. Yet, who coald look back at theSe now, when the finish for tho " Squatters' Cup " lay between the six siruggting an. At the next jump two more came, to grief, one of them, breaking Jtis back, thongh his rider escaped unhurt. Aire. Fordyce at this moment almost grew sick with anxiety as she tremblingly gazed at the four now left. The race now lay between " Lamp lighter/' "Sprightly," "Tearaway," and the roan horse, .with two more fences to bB. cleared before xseachtqg home. Eric was calm, cool and collected, as now viewing the situation) took second place in the qu»riet? 200 "Afy. beauty,'" he uttered, as lifting' "Tearaway " at the second last fence he shot to the front amidst deafening cheers. " The grey wits !" " The grey wins !" shouted evecy voice as the black and gold stripes followed by the primrose hoops of "Lamplighter's" rider were "been close upon his heels. The excitement now was intense as (he horses approached the last jump, " Tear- : away " looking as if he mnst win. In on instant a heart-rending shriek broke from the lips of Mrs. Fordyce;- aa the "grey," making a bold effort to clear the paling fence, struck heavily and came toppling to earth. His rider, flung high in air, was viewed for an instant with arms outstretched, then was seen to lie tin the sward an inanimate mass. All interest now seemed to have vanished from the race as " Lamplighter," with "Sprightly" and the roan- second and third respectively, galloped in a winner. Mrs. Fordyce had tamed the color of marble, and clutched for support at the railing beside her. " My God," exclaimed Ronald Gregory, "he hasu't moved-a muscle yet," as pre paring to start for the scene of action he dismounted from the drag. Soon everybody was rushing in one di rection ; a stretcher carried by two men with a doctor in attendance, was hurrying Different accounts reached the ears of the ladies on the drag. Some said that he was killed, whilst others affirmed that he was only stunned. Whatever it was, the suspense which Mrs. Fordyce endured was agonising. Presently she saw carried past, to all ap pearances, the lifeless form of Eric. She knew no more. Everything swam before her. Tho buzz of voices grew less dis tinct, tents, carriages, horses, were, one indescribable mass of confusion. In an other second Dalrymple had rushed to her aid and was bathing her temples, whilst another administered brafidy. Mrs. Fordyce had fainted. CHAPTER VI. AT T31E " HOUSE AND JOCKEY." The fall which Eric Rymanscourt sus tained seemed indeed to be a fatal one. As the melancholy procession wound its way slowly along from the scene of the disaster not a heart amongst the crowd viewed the death-like face with anything but pity. Eric was a prime favorite amongst all thuse gathered at the meeting, his chance of winuing had been a good one and now that he was possibly breathing out his lost moments, sorrow of the deepest kind was observable. As the stretcher on which Eric lay was borne through the crowd, eager questions were asked. But as yet the most skilled practitioner could not dare hazard an opinion as to tho re sults. Strange to ray, Tearaway, beyond a shaking, received no injury, and as Tipoo led him in his honest black face was the very picture of grief for the master he loved so well. The thoughts of the black and gold stripes astride in the saddle bnt a minute or two ago compared sadly enough with them new. The ladies; so eager in their sympathy to do all they could, found themselves perfectly useless for the present. Rouald Gregory in hia kind waycndca.vored to put the matter in ?he best light, after r< turning from the casualty room, in which Eric lay, "A bad fall without doubt," hec an swered, in reply to Mrs. Elwood's en quiry, " but it may only be concussion and not a fracture, in which case, with his strong constitution, we need have no fear of a total result." Mrs. Fordyce, who by this time, under the influence of Daliymple's kind treat- meat had regained consciousness, remem bered everything that had taken place. " I am not generally considered a nervous subject," she remarked, thanking Daliympie, " but really, to see him in that state was more than I could bear. Mr. Dalrymple," she continued, "could you not take me at once to see him 7 I am quite myself again, and might be able to afford him some help." Dalrymple made no reply, but after considering the proposition, thought that it would be better for Mra. Fordyce to remain by the dtag for the present. " Yes," she remarked, in a scarce audible tone, " women are so helpless, just when they think they might be of some use." Mrs. Fordyce sank back' on her cushions, with the largo dark circles sur rounding her eyes, a very image of despair. The gay bunting fluttering in the breeze on the tents yonder, the babel of voices sounding in her cars, and the wretched j strains of a " iiurdy gurdy " produced by a grinning Italian, were to her a cruel mockery. She hated the course and everything connected with it, and wanted 'to be away. Never in all her life until now had site felt such a doll, deadening pain at her heart, as her thoughts went back to that one image, who seated be side her but a fstr minutes ago, the picture of manly beauty, was now lying bleeding and maimed on the stretcher. In ail instaut she rose to her feet unable to beir longer this forced inactivity. All her passions were roused to their fullest extent, and arguments were of no avail. She had decided, despite all the en treaties of Dalrymple aud others, to seek Eric once more. ' Oh, he cannot be dying," she said to herself, aa hurrying through the crowd people turned to stare after the Blim graceful figure in its well-fitting gown. Heedless of the many vulgar eyes turned upon her, and having only this one con suming thought in her mind, she rnshed on so fast that ere Dalrymple had time to overtake her, she hod reached the stewards room. " Kindly allow me to speak ' with the doctor for one moment," she exclaimed : to a member of - the club who offered her ' a chair. In another moment there entered the room a small, pleasant-featured man, with black moustache and whiskers, who bowed to Mrs. Fordyce. . " Tell me,'' she uttered, in her excite ment, "is there anything I can do for him?" For an instant Doctor Bidthorpe stood amazed at the awc-si ricken expression of this woman before him, and endeavoring to calm her demeanor, quietly re marked : " Madam, there is little yon can do jnst now, but as we are thinking of removing Mm presently to the inn at Fin bourne, you might offer your services then." Mrs. Fordyce at these words resumed her former tranquility, and feeding that at last she might be of some use, rose from her seat, saying : "Thank yon, .Doctor Bidthorpe, 1 wjll anticipate your coming there- These country inna have nothing Intbe way of comforts For sick- ness/to please let me see that everything » ready at oaco."— fo fit Cfewtinsed. 