SIMONSENS OPERA COMPANY . 'GIROFLE GIROFH.' Opora companies visit us so seldom that it would bo strauge if tho advont of ono amongst us wftB not groetod heartily by thoatro goers, , and bo it was a mattor of courso that a good house assomblod at the Academy of Music I last night to look at and liston to tho por- I form*ncn of Lecocq's charming opera ''Giroflo , Girofh.' In reading that thore was a good houso it must not bo understood that tho attendance was commonsurate with tho ex cellence of t-ho performance, because although tho hall was comfortably filled the receipts might woll havo beon increased by thirty por cent, without foar of too large a measure of reward boing bostowod upon the enterprising entrepreneur, Tho fact that ' Maritana ' was resorved for to night had probably a great doal to do with determining tho attendance at last night's performance, as thoro is no doubt that where it was a matter of clioico as to which opora should bo seen Balfe's celebrated production woald havo tho call. A five and I twonty pound house is good support whon | accorded an ordinary company, but with tho ! largo combination that is necessary to stago opora with any offect at all tho sum is little more in this cato than is required to mako the ghost walk. Wo hope, thorofore, that as a roward to Mr Simonsen for his vonturo, and as an encouragement for companies of an equally high standard to visit us in the i futaro, tbo support exten'dod to tho company 1 to night and to morrow night will be as ' generoos as it will bo merited. Last Night's opera was woll pat upon the stage* The properties of the hall aro, of course, meagre, but the most possible was made of them, and tho abteuce of appoint moots of a richness moro suited to the social rank of the characters of the opora did not materially reduce from tho onjoyment of the performanco. Both chorus and orchostra wero namerically weak, but the presonco of a violinist like Mr Simonson in tho formor and tho uniformly good voicos of the singers went a tong way toffardi making up tho defioioooy. Indeed, taking into consideration the numbor of stager* in tho chorus tho various en semble parts were reraarkablo for their falness and balance. The ohoruB to' YouSoo a Happy Father,' ' We Must Dissomble,' the Kissing Chorus, and 'Now's the Day and Now's the Hour,' were especially well suog. In tho title role Miss Elsa May was pleasing from start to finish, uctiog and singing with verve and spirit, albeit in her efforts sho was palpably hamperod by a temporary cold, which somewhat militated against. her success. Herbs ot numbers wore ' Doarest Papa ' and the famous ' See how it sparkles.' Miss Julia Beaumont was in the happy position of playing a part that fitted her liko a glove, her impersonation of Aurora boing true to typo and exceedingly entertain ing. The scoro, so far as this lady's part is concerned was somewhat modified, but tho music loft to her, especially in the conoertsd i parts, was well rondorod. Miss De Vero as ! Pedro, and Mits Morton as Puquita, also acted and sang their parts intelligently. Amongst the menfolk tho . prido of place mast be j awarded to Mr Pore? Shannon, whose singing , of the part of Mourzouk was marked by fine dramatic force, tho effect of which wag heightened by the natural possessions of M Shannon, consisting of a robust tonor voice au an excellent stago presouco. His rendoring of the interpolation ' The Bedouin Lov Song' and ' My Girofla, my Bride,' wero good enough for any city eta . o. Mr Shannon's sus tained vigour of action, which is so essential to tho proper playing of the character, combined with his good singing, made an allround suc cess of the part. Tho humoar of the evening was supplied by Mr l-red. Wentworth in tho part of Don Bolero, and the continuous merriment of the audience at his occentricitios is tho best testimony to the success he achiovod. While giving evory attention to the fanny side of tho character ho sacrificed nothing to buffoonery, and his musioal contributions wore on a par with hit clever acting. Mr Joles Simonson, who took the part of Marasquin, is a gentleman whose youth was somewhat of a surprise to the audience. While a little wanting in histrionio ability, his singing of the part was capit&l;, a rather faulty onunciation boing compensated for by an uncommon softnoss and sweetness of tone. In the pa't of Marasquin youthful noss in appoaranco and manner can scarcely be os teemed a drawback, nnd MrSimonaen's rondcring of tho part was an acceptable ono. Tho minor characters wore woll filled, tho chief number which foil to their lot to coo : tribute, viz,, tho pirate ohorus, being a capital 1 performanco. 1 Between tho acts Mr Martin Simonsen played a violin fantasia on popular air*, tho performance comprehending some very difficult movements. Tho exquisite melody of Mr Simonien'a playing cannot be described. It must be hoard. His playing was listened to last night with rapt attention, and it undoubtedly constitutes ono of the chief numbers of the evening. To night, as slated, tho company appear in Maritana, and to morrow night in The Bohemian Girl. ? 