MY PARROT ACQUAINTANCES. I MwsT iBegin .by stating diat Iioever eared for pairots-in fact, as a child, I dis tinctly fearid and disliked them. One of. my e?rliestrecollctions is that.of a parrot' keplt by one of my ypunts i~hom 1. often visited. It seemed peaceable and quiet' enoughi and had much freedom, when it wouldi,meander gently about the room, neither taking notice of nor molesting any one. Emboldened by this conduct, I thought I might venture to tense poor' 1'olly, so, creepig under_ thectable,-l veryI gently pnlled?.lt t.il.:~r ?'Deply'? ?:ý d ant. incensed by this insult, Polly flew straight at me and bit my finger. acknowledged the justice of the punishinenti still, in frigit miiiF pliin;"siae"d tmt iildo whtd i my aunt and nurse tlew to the rescue and restored the outraged parrot to her cage. The next day, on being let loose, it flow 'straight- at metnnrt'triod'to 'peck "luy oyes out and bit my, cheeks ; it never.forgot nor forgave the nijursy,t bttti tri'to biteo me whenever it was'. looo, flying at' me and pecking wherever it could, till 't'last it became -a sort of nightmar and terror to me, and I rod.entiedme in tears of the wrong I had connmtted'against it.' Full of years and hatred, it:at last yieldedt'U) the ghost; to ,my pence" of mind! lind itks- fnistress's Ihe next parrot I . became aeqttuinted with did liotlsing to- exalt his race in my: eyes.; lie belongedt to"a seancaptain; and we ecamie across hint in lodgings at tihe sea-' side. His Ihguage .was profalnity itself, and besides' that "he was a tale-bearer. "Robert kissed the cook; ol, flo!" 'was screamed out by him sudldenly one day, and by this a discovery was shade of a love story,.which" shook the pillars of domestic pe1ae ;" a jealous housemaid having taught ihit'tho pllhrase: . " I: ithtys thinik of this parrot 'a a. "hini," for I should' be 'grieved t',tliinik of any respectable lady- bird disgracing herself and sex by vry 'big; big D 's thlit umrighteoudi biird ued dailys:'.s'h ' My third paurrot friend' was a' grey onie, rnd belonged tb Adtniral llank -albo a sea going'bird, lint how different had been' hsis education I lie was nathorough gentleman, futll 'of coiiversatibit~ on manry topics, clever at whlillinig, ind able to stng a good songi when occaiot' offered: 'It was iu the Btralils .I nietlhint '" Wohll-lived.in a lovely uarden attached to the luitel; whelre seliarate little' houses were built, each with sitting and bed rooms, acic.rding 'to' the rdquire mnents of tihe guests.' We liad one house and Adinindll lalk another, and l'olly iised to spiend his time in 'a largo cnge prched up in a tree, where lie was very liappy and conversational, antl became luite friendly with imse as I' gave- him fruits and other delicacies. ' Now, there was a huge negro slave, up wards of six feet high, as: blaIlc as it coil, but a great' swell, attired always in most slpotless lily-wihite dtick suits, andi a' tall white lit, who was told off to attend to these garldeun' louses. his nanme was "White," on the' litcits nt ni?lr Iucendo prin ciple, I presnie and "Whitel Wlhite!" might often be heard sliouted through the garden in the stentorian' tones f Adminiral ilhank; when :White would" fly with an obedient start from the kitchen 'of thie hotel hard-ly.-' One morning I liad seen tile admirnl start off, respledldent in uniform, lund knew lie as' gone; I was surprised, therefore, to hear' "White! White!" called in his tone'of voice.' I could not:under stand it, as 1 lind never left the garden since he went away anti lind riot seen him return: Neither: could White. lie enne' rtu-ining and perspiring, went to Admiral lsinl:k's' house, lnd tllen looked about the garden, but could not find him. Then, sup positig lie had imsade a mistahke, lihe returned to the ivory-teethed,griniingigblnck laundry maids, in the courtship of whom li hadl been'inten'upted. "White White!" once mnoreresondled through the -gardens, this titme in ver'y angry tones ' White came in fear andl haste to fthud--no'oine; anli the illusion was repea!tel several times that day. I speedily discovered that l'olly was the ealler, and, aln.sl!, ext .day so did White; dind in his anger aind spite he swousld have killed the bird had I not been there to protect' him. a' inny a fruitless runi did 'olly give him aifter that, for muasters's "White! " and l'olly'i "White!" were abso-' litely indistingitisliable. Soon after this it fell to my lot'.to blie possessor 'of two parrots, and bitterly I' r-ebelled against the decree. It happened thus: We went to India, and I was.com pletely fascinate i bly the browds of green piarrots we saw in the plilns. It wias a never-failings'ource of delight tome to sce' tlhem flying in flocks, often huindrdsrat a time, wit ih the rays of thie ldesceliditig 'sun glistening on their etnerals-green plumage ; or to see ia tree destituite of leaves made green by reasin of the multitude :of parrts thast hail settled on its branches; or si in, ait sunset, to Fee the green lhirrotsl fing about the white mnarble minarets 'of the glorious Taj-selhal, ordalrting about,frolick ing in the exiring riays. To me they were tire most lovely of Intdia' s birds. One scene cinnectedlwith lparrots is, fromn its perfect beatty, often presient in mynimind. At a certain residency, one of the finest in" Northern India, there is a fountain coix stantly playing, siand in the early't morning the p1lmn'ots gather toglether si vast nauubers to drink and bathe is its runnisig waters andl basin. To see their graceful curiresand. upward flighlts before .dishilng throtigh and just skimiinng thu surface of the water, with their unbounded joy and delight in so idoing, was a picture of cstatic, ideal, living lnppiness dillicult to surpass,. The parrots alt this residency are almost tlllne, for every 'morning four or five ceged ones mre let lhose to lie fed, and down come all the wild ' ones to share their feast.: The early smoonisng is the tiste to see these birds ait ~lheir brihitest and' best. At tie first 'glimpse of the rising sun tlhey iorsakle their Iniglt's resting-pilaces and fly shrieking for1th in search of food, anid lon many a tree tlhey uyilh be seen pulling off tihe precious berries snd fruits. Alas! the malli's (girdeuier's) Ileart does riot wvirm tb linriots, for tlheir inatlture is to work 'destriction wvlhreveer they go, and tlhey pick'off and 'lestroy far miire than they'ent-as thie Uin ripe inmaigoes lying at the foot of a maigoo tree wvill testify . ' ' Scibing m?ny asdliration of and enjoyment in theese green Iparrots, my. friends, withl vwho I wa ss stopping, decided it would l:be nice for ne to lhave two to ttake .bnck to lnglhni wvitlh Ie. Ih vain I represented to them thant it'wis the beauIty and lifo of the "wil ones I adlisired, and tlit. I tlhoueglt caged ones would be sorry representatives of their kild. l:But no, the fates would hIave it otherwise. :. Some niisgitided lparrots built their. nest in a hIole in thie saddle-rooni wall, nud lsome of the young birds were takedn out and Isrought into the Ihouse. Whcn 'I inspected tlsems I could hardly believe tley awere psr rsts. Thlmey looked like very yellow, ugly, skiinny frogswith whtite clsaws an a red beak, sand .not at vestigo of a feather, and m iore mrlyttlhan ever I declined- tolhavo; lytyling to say to.them. HIowiever, they were 1put1 in a basket sand fed every two hours ou ai system of dou"lgh pills poked down their thlrosis and washed udo 'n. wiith w-aiter, nid to my' disgust I was expected to 'assist tlhem to thse delicious repnsts. 'To ladd to ny troubles one day a msan arrived 'ith a cage full of hill parrots, two piarentl birdls, andsl a family of young ones. They seemed in the last stage of exhaustion and starvation, so we fed tlhenm all alnd said we 'would buy some;, nndi retrnedith' othllgrs. Tire man sent back a polite messago that now we hadl touched tlhe birds, it wuhitl' brea'k Iis caste to tnlo theim back, and iunless 'we vould buy thcm sll lie must lidll thelm. .3 We felt grieved to thinsk of their un timely fiate, so purchased the whole family; thiogll it was no light nmatter to contem plato stufing six more 'birds withl pills- the young hurds were even uglier thsnoir own, thougll thle parent birds oere lovely, bright green with red on each wiig, ands a reoid ring rounds the necle. Well, thi time formny departure srrivcd, and I'said noth ing alsout thIe pairrots, and fonLdly hIoped they hadi been forgotten; w'hen as tie train was .abount to move off, lup cname a servant vith n little enge con taining two yaomg birds and a Ibrown paper parcel containing d'lough. I felt a gooRti deal, bIlt Ipoliteness made me offer thie best tllnnkls I coul'l mnister mip in my vexatioun. .Off we started, and very sonn the' birds began to make a crooning noise-an sound I laud learned to detest, for it meant that they were hungry and that tihe time had arrived for thle hough to ie utiliscd. Witll a bad grace I took them on my lapl, opened their bills, turn about, and oliked the bohulscs down. At nlast the "Torpledo" took a header amongst my skirts, a sign that hlie was saetisfied, arnd thle "Whale" rolled his eyes and looked as if hIe were' dying, which was his sign of repletion. Teo 'above were the names of my new prtqgfs, ' the Torpedo having gained his soubriquet by his singular habit of bolt inug headforemost anywhere and in any thing the moment he had eaten enough. There was a popular song some years ago called "The .Torpedo .and the W1hle," so the latter name followed naturally for my friends, though I had never heard the ditty. This meaol was the beginning of" similar repasts administered about every two hours "day. and"night for"sonme days,.,when qluite siuddenly Torped0&ipit;, on an e-tirely? new suit- of the ,vividest green with long bluaotdil-featlhers,j which' 'with his little. rbri'gllted bill tiansforiin~ d liimn froin being. ugly to a thin of beauty; and one day, at Watson's IIotel Bombay hlie suddenly flew Ifrir?fiti??ildcony right round the roomso in fear lest lie should fly away, I cut his wing. The Whale continued ugly, sulky, and of an uncertain temper, much bullied by'Torpelo,Imlf-its'size-. They still re quired feeding with the pills. The voyage honie they ,performed _ns a basket;,and Torpedo becamie so tame, he would follow ma about the.ship like a little dog. At this time "they acquiroedalabit of shrieking ear-piercing yells. They reached England' in stummer, and seemed very well 'while the ,warnm weather lasted; ' but suddenly 'in tensely'cold frosty' weather set in with sleet' and snow,' and 'the poor pairots looked and seemed miserable.' One night. the thermometer sank to 28 deivees below zero.' About eleven o'clock at night I heard the little Torpedo rustling about and trying to get ut' of its cage. So I took it to the fo, 'warmed' and fed it, and it w'ent fast asleepiolt miy: knee. At'last I put it back 'rits cage, covered it well up, aind went to bed. Tile next morning Imy German hotuse maid canme to my bedroom and: said, "Oh, madamn , I have such ferry bad news to gif you. Yo0u'vill be so sorry." I conjured her to tell me the worst at once; but'she :kept me in suspenise some time longer, repeat ing how: grieved I should be,: and at last handed lme a newspaper parcel'containing my"littloeTorpele lying dead. ' It appears she found tile 'por little soul 'on' the floor with its'head between a bookcase and the wafll, frozen to death stinding upright; I tried to reviveo it in every way by putting t neart the fire, &c.;, but' all :in vain-life was extinct. : It' is now stuffed: and under a glass case, but it hias lost all hold on mv'ffe'ction; ,as it is not one whit like my' living,!' saucy,'' loving,- mischievous Torpedo. ..Tlhe Whale was now left alone in ilris glory, and rapidly imliro-'edin position;' 'eU was allowed to sit in the upper pdaces of his imniense cage, Whereas ii the time of the late lamented-Torpedo, hodhld always' been compelled toWtake the lower room; had'all the tit-bits to eat,"and developed in wisdom and good looks, and produced red feathers on' his wings and a" rosy ring around his neclk; his temper became genial; and lie learned the noble 'art'of conversea tion, and, to the' servants' delight,' called then all by their'names. Both parrots'lhad a O'onderful facility for making themselves respected, but at the same time ingratiating themselves with other animals. 'Many a tinle I havrdgone to the kitchen and found it empty of domestics, 'but the whole floor swarming with animals, viz.: six pugs, father, mother, and four little ones, one eat and one kitten, a huge"Mount' St.' Bernard dog, and a canary; and amongst them all, proudly strutting about, Torpedo' wrnd the Whale. ' If' Leo, tre big dog, were in front of the fire, the parrots Would calmly pinch his toes or 'his tail till ihe made place for them; -and the kitten and parrots plaJed games together, rolling over analover. '. The Whale; amongst other ac complislhnents, possessed a love of music, and whistled just like the canary. '1le also grently enjoyed iny music when I played, bit. heipreferred scales and exercises, his taste being purely classical. Whenever I began' the former he would 'clinlb up my diress on to my shoulder, and theroe :flutter about just as' if' lie were taking at' bath. Then one by one he would'abstract may hair pins, till at liast my hair would' fall down, and in that lid would plunge aid'bathe with extreme relish: This was not an imusenment he wias often permitted to indulge in, how ever. At this time we 'had a "buttons,"' Rblinson by name, who was the cross of everybody in the house except' his master, who continiually took' his ,part; and 'ex plained' that all his shortcomings arose from too: mich petticoat- government in the kitchen: One day the Whale 'wis iuttering to' himself'a good deal;n andmlht last clearly delivered himself of the follow ing: "Robinson, Robinson i wlihite'er are you doing, ;you 'bad boy! 'You'roa :veiry' naughty boy; :Go to bed at dtc'e, sirl 1 Dol you hear? " and this exactly in the cook's` voice; and ld' used to scold]lobinson loudly in other words alsoshowing the frequenc3y of the thing in his hearing in the kitchen ihereo he lived.l" He lovesrto lie out in the gardenn and would climb a' tree with great agility and joy, pulling much of the bark off as "he ascended." ' 'li': and the ' Torpeld enctirehlf icked to pieces and deimolished a favourito 'wicker armcliir' 'which' my nrmother-in-lhiw had given ius to keep 'anild that she greatly valued, which wits sad! : :We decided upon irevisiting Inidii,' aid the question arose, Whait was to 'leconio of tihe Whale? lie had many ,lnglisll hearths tind homes t 'lthis disposal, for lid ilcd o -' deared himnself to ninny people by his win-' ning ways and clever talkl. ut we'resolved to let him once moro enjoy the gorgeous 'hnastiad t ohesceneof liscarlyyouth. ''Sowe 'got a siuall cage, cutoff his long tail so that lhe might fit in, male a red Unite cover'to show off his complexion--I mean.his greden feathers-bounglit some bird seed,'and there ws: l'olly, ean grsiend cmnplet for the voyage. 1ie'liked thile sel, and itws 'very hilarious, talking and whistling a"ay Ind nitikinig friends with 'everyone. lie used to sit porched 'up on'my deck- clhair, 'While :very' one'brought him dainties frii :thable tind thie various ports 'we stopied at.: There was an actretss on board, the eelehirited Mlle. Dashl, " thie Sylphl of the Arena." She wani not a faivourito an thli shilp. She ins. loud in'her dress, speech, andt manners, arid' of a thlirsty tcinperiment One day aslo had d fallen sweetly icsleep on a dock-chair,' with her mouthi aid 'open and snorinig' -ith 'a umost' lavish display of flesh- coloured silk stockings. I slw .the Wusalo 'observ ing her, andi presently, before. I could catch Imm: hel climbed °down msy chiir, skurried across the deck, and' climmbed mii. lier shiny shoes and" pink silk legs. It mitst': really have 'been:-very; pnan 'lul for'hers, -as 'his "claws wero very shiarp. She woke up with 'a loud scream of Ibntterest anguishi and I hurried up to' apologiso and to rescue 'hIr from her awk 'ard position. I regret tb say 'that-so inmceh the iworme for human nature--mniny of the passengers rejoiced loudly ait her iTisfortune.! Thus, making friends and foes, thi Whale and we arrived at Madras. Theire, 'it the end of our sitting-room, was an immense verandah, and here the Whale lived, pleased to renew his acquainitance with sugmrcaneo, bat disgusted with tlhe eits andi crows. lIis foodl had constantly to. be changed on account of the former, and thie latter used to come and eat his bread and:water; then his rage andt fury were terrible to wvitness, and all the scolding lie. had learned, intended for Roobinson, he'' levied st their heads, and inally learned'to cnaw exactly like tley did. lere we Siet upi a imIdrasso "ioy," and he' kneptCt tt un fortunate servantpnittyylmsyrunninginlmiut as lie learned to call "boy?I" hoth tin hisl mamster's and mistress's volee: Ile. visited Calcutta, :Ceylon, and "various plaees 'ii Imdiar, and gained health, strenigth and new words in iis' native lianid, nud .letinalt to' flat ter:me by:calling olit "Prdtty,prett.y'" whenever he sawme. Durinnghisresidence at the above-inentioned northern presidency the poor little fellow hieeamo very ill, gasped for breathrefused niall food except mwhat ihe toolek from mylips, fluffed upimis featheri, nnd looked piteonesly at me forihelp; lie seemed perfectly miseramlle except'm when ]ercllett upon imy hland, themonly time hlie ever seenied to sleep,, and in spite of everythinig we tried, hlie expired one monming, to our great' grlief. We'felt as if we had lost a mdeir friend, and truly we had, for he had chdeered us up in many ap gloonl' amoment by lia cheery and affectonate ways. lid as huriies in a lovely garden bright with varied andl fragrant clusters of Muossoms-a. fit resting-llanee for such a child of nature. 