JOTTINGS. sunivr, 'oixt:d a xd hvilltaxt. Looal. BANQUETS : Otiu at Katoomba, The other at the Mount. Fop mil ralzi again for a few days. Knt<x)inln roads In a fearful ptatc, no The booncr the Council get to business the better. Penrith Snowflalcc minstrels performed in the Katoomliu Odd Fellow' Hall last Saturday nigh1, to a fair audience. The Salvation Army hand was a treat ; they are fieri -ela musicians, and deserve a trifle more than 2s. a week and keep. The drummer can use the EticlcF. We liave no faith in Kgeson's prophesy. A typographical blunder — We rioted in the re port of the Wesley au Concert that the organ was unpaid for. This is incorrect, for the organ is the bona fide property of the church, the debt being wiped off some time ago. The young man who purchased the harts at the Katoomba Flower Show is Mill alive, but the (arte were demolished before Sunday morning. Jtiriroad Mr. Kellchcr's advt. ami then go and V.'t measured for a Fuit.. The Sat unlay evening excursion train only come# as far as Katoomba and doe not give the 'Heath and Mount Victoria half a show. Now, this sort of tiling won't wash in Australia. Mr. R.O.. and the sooner the other towns rorcirc juhUcc the better. Women swallow flattery as babies swallow buttons, without any idea of the trouble that may follow. r.cware of the young man who smokes penny oguretlo and risks you lo give hiin ticic. Soma people have cheek enough for anything ; just clip the bird'- wing before it is too Lite. A travelling company who visited Katoomba not quite a hundred years ago burrowed a looking glass and n few brushes and combs from a kind hearted publican and forgot to return them. To asc an ol 1 adage, the leader is "n sadder ami wiser man." The i\;itooniba brass band are to have a new bandiu.i>tar. A voluuteer for the big bass piece 18 required. All truths are not, to be uttered, still it Is always good to liear tkein. (Jive Friek his due, he is honest ami does not toady, and dmt i>> more than cveryb-rir who Inunga nhout Maequ iric-stri!et can say. That Brokeii Hill buMne-1- should he watehol by electors. A e.jur;igeous foe in better than a cowardly friend. (live? the Railway CniuniNsinners plenty of breathing tune and we will have such a beautiful railway si, U am at Katoouiua. If we ilo not have ko murli- promi.scd btetum next year, it will be erected some day. The pas and the new railway station will have a rae.L but neither have storied yet. It is hard, therefore, to say how tlic betting will run. Katoomba Wesleyan young people are forming a Hand of J tope. l.i wis Henry Unwell and Henry Gunthcr Rii'mln have been appointed trustees iu place of Messrs .Tuhu Reason (deceased) and A. Hooper, who has left the colony, of the portion of the Mount Victoria general cemetery, set apart for a general b urry nig gi ouiid. The Railway Commissioners arc calling tenders for lvatoouiha Railway Station and overbridge. The t .mlers close on December I. Constable .lohn Hamilton appointed Registrar of tho Small Debts Court, Kntooinba. Mr. Nidi. Delanoy' entering was greatly appre ciated on Tuesday last. There are to be numerous petty debt cases next month, Next Tblwlay evening the Katonmha Municipal t'uuticil will hold their lijbt mcotiug in the new Council Chambers. Some hitch luiving occurred nt the Penrith water works the contracts for the reservoir filbcrbcd and pipcluying have been cancelled owing to the delay oms.qui'nt the run. Mr. Kgown may be a very clever man in hip pro fession - but the ruin comes all the same, and there is not much chance of a drought working in this year. MLiekhenth Amateur Minstrels nre willing to jjluy for the beuefit of any local charity without fee or reword. This is a flrsl-elas- company, aud wo trust thev will " still united be " when au occa- At tlr: monthly meeting of the Lithgow Single Tax Leaguo ou Monday night a motion was passed instructing lim secretary to communicate with the rWdnvv brunch aud urge concerted action to secure the stoppage of the alienation of public lands and the substitution of the leasing system. New hotel at Modlow approaching completion, .an 1 when tiaishil will be u good ml. Lari Monday, <a little "boy, aged 8 years and 9 iiumth.s. son of. Mr. Newman, of Katoomba, died after a short illness. A Mountain guide — Mr. C. B. Luffioan. We wish Mr. Nich. Dclancy Burprincd all his friends nt the "Mount on the occasion of the banquet, by his singing, and Mr. Wlnltall chimmed in, "Why this is really om- thing new. he's been lndiug his light under neath a bushel." Illackhc-ith was well represented at the Mount en TucK-lay evening, and seducd sorry when the 4 mail" arrived, which meant "Lake your scatfi please." Only a dog case at the Katanmba Court last Wednesday, aud the owner of the unregistered can i no had to hand overlap Oil. towards the reveuue of the colony. Happy Mellow— Von have the pushing tnnn amongst vou, aud JU'lging by the uuincrpus rijfn boards he \ueans business. Now, he hught to give u an advt. after this little bit of " puff." Christmas is fast approaching, and Mr. Kitch is petting ready sonic very nice cards representing Australian scenery. The young man who whines and wvvb he is sitting in a chair with taeka sticking in the seat, must 1 a clump to suffer bo much. U would be bettor to give up the ghost straight away than to suffer a lingering d'lath. The Assembly era. Tuesday negatived, by 48 votes to 17 a motion by Mr. Walker, for the advance of Government loans to trades union purchasing mines, starting manufactures and inaugurating re productive works. The kind friend who receives onr exchange copy of the Illustrated Sydney News will oblige by bringing the paper to our oflicc in future after he has carefully looked over It. It is scut regularly, but seldom reaches us. Mr. Love, mother of Mr. John Love, of Rylstonc, died last Wednesday week at a go»l old age. We have been sending a «>py of our paper to Dr. prybf Sydney, whose advertisement appears In another column," regularly through the post, bat it never reaches its defctinatioa. Why iB this ? Tin's , week Mre. Town, of K&toomba.; loat her child. . A big skating carnival at Rlackheath, on KeVv Vc-irs night. A tailor recently in the employ of Mr. Kbllchcr KatoomUi, cleared out at midnight after ho had pullcvl himself together and got paid up, thus making things rather unpleasant for our Blue Mountain tailor who has plenty of work. Auction sale At Thomson's Hotel this (Satunlay) afternoon at 2 o'clock. Cows, poultry, sucldng- pigs. &c.;, Mr. J. IT. Mitchell being the auctioneer. The Katoomba Municipftl Council askerl tlic Municipal Association of N.8.W. whether they could close drains running on to roads or streets, when hu cli drains were a nuisance ; also what household drainage 16 considered not. a nuiwincc ? It was <Ie- cideil that the Council could not close drains, but could prevent proporty-ownera from discharging offensive drainage into the streets by passing a bylaw prohibiting this. What's the matter with our "Blachbwith corres pondent this week? 