SPIRIT PHOTOGCIAPIS. (reaTr. xAt. rnn:Do?r.) Spiritualism has received a great impetus by the exhibition of photographs of spirits since the Paris Congress. Credulous people at once began to have strange visions, foundel on the belief that however tricky mediums mnight be, the photographic plate cannot lie. jBut it has or can be made to adopt the Balfourian habit of concealing the ruth. IIowever sceptical a person masy be, should he visit the studio of Mir. Salmon, n East Putney, he will be inclined to exclaim "There are more things in heaven ad earth than are dreamt of in ourphilo sophy." There will be shown by the cour eous artist a plotograph of a young man who eomfiitted suicide ina gardein, the bottle th?a onta?tlcd the ftal luaudanum -ing on Itah ground near his hand. Over te body hovers the disembodied spirit, its face ex pressing pity for the clay beneath. 'The spirit, inpalpablo and misty, is what the Scotch call the wraith, a belief that has been handed down from the ancient Egyptians. Another photograph is that of a man seated at a table, while opposite, with the head resting on its elbows, sits a spirit. So immaterial is the latter that the part of the table between its body (if a spirit has a body) and elbows can be seen throngh the arms. Scores of other photo graphs were shown to the interviewer-spirits hovering round persons, floating in the air, mysterious hands in all positions, some sulky, some sad, some with uplifted finger as if warning against disaster. " But surely the people whn receive such visitants suffer considerable nervous prostra tion, and they certainly look happier than the spirits? " The artist, with a laugh, replied, "They never see the spirits at all. Imanufacture the ghosts myself. I cxpect you to be surprised, but I hope not as indig nant as a celebrated hady in the spiritualistio world, who called upon me a few days ago. She was a firm believer in spiritualhsm, and was partly converted by some of my published photographs. Having hunted me for some time she found me here, and wanted me to photograph the spirits who visited her. She regarded me with some amount of awe as a dealer in the uncanny sights of the world; but her reverence soon disappeared when I explained my process." " How do you produce a spirit photo graph .*'-" W1ell, there are several ways. This one," he said, pointing to a man in a chair asleep with a spirit standing near him, " was done by first photographing a man in the ordinary way with a black cloth back ground. Then another person draped- in ghostly garments stands in the required position, but a little out of focus to prevent the outlines being too sltharp and cor poreal. Light is then only On the spirit, anid the same negative as used before is ex posed a second time, and all the rest of the ield being bhlack, the spirit only is .photo graphed. Of course, the second exposure is longer than with ordinary amount of light, but this adds to the ghostliness." "But how do you make them so impal pable and uncanny ?" " The oom must be perfectly dark, and on the ghost only a ray of sunlight falls ; while close to the lens a seet of fine gauze is hung, and it is the gauze which gives a cloud-like, luminous appearance to the spirit's outlines." - " This cannot be done in adorlkroom, for it is broad daylight, and yet the spirit is ad dressing the man in the garden seat, and the rails of the seat can be seen through the spirit's form ?"-"No, in such a picture I have to take the photograph and expose it a second time, the .man still in the same position, only the ghost is added. If ghost and man were taken together, the rails would not appear through the spirit's form. I ha've still another method. Look at this." It was a pathetic photograph of a lady looking with piteous eyes at ioe head of a child posed as of coming headforemost from heaven. "This is a popularone," said the artist, "sugges tive of the intenrourse between living and dead, but the most material of all in prepara ion.. The spirit head is only that of a wax doll, rather out of focus, to prevent it being recognised as such. This is photographed first, and the place on the ground glass out side the plate -is marked, so that when the sitter comes she takes sunh a position that the angel head ready to greet her, when it is priatdeoff, is not interfered with at the second exposre. A similar methodis used in this one. It was called ' The Ghostof the Bil liar-room,' in which the "forerunner of Robortis standing at the elbow of a player, whether to mar or make the stroke does not appear." " Mediums do not bless you, Mr. Salmon, I suppose?" " No, I am anathema to them, but next month some spirit potoggraphs are to be reproduced in the ' medium' of a girl seen at several laes? ? and marked with a sabre eat onlher face,.proving: her identity. I shall also with a stroks of paint on my spirit's.face prodese eome photographs similar to those promisedsoext month, and ,I am quite sure they will be produced in the. arneway. The abve easiktoh- wae. taken yesterday, the. hand ef death eovering the: lady's facee, which can be seen through the bony arms in the photo-. graph." 