Sketcher. Adolphe Cadol's little Plan 1 ' Bat w^y should you. hate Zeph Sawyer? I have a reason. On Thursduy lio wUl pro bably wrest from me the prize I have sot my v heart on for j ears. Bat you, how has he in jured you ?' .Ban ! inoa ami. rcpbod Adolphe Cadol : « hato ! you tujk of hate ? What is your fool ing about a studont's competition, which to day had throe linca ia thu Figaro, and to morrow is buried in oblivion, to my endniinjr passion ? Listen. Three yours ago I went to board at the pension of the Veuve Perrot. Lived there in the house, an English girl, fresh-hearted, coble. I loved her, and the might have loved mo. Sho would havo lifted me out of the slough of cynical selfishness into which we Paribians are sinking. Six months after there comes this accursed American. Ho has the ridiculous namo ? ^cpbnniah ; he speaks through his noso : hut lor all that his none is well-cut ; ie has bright eyes— you know tho rost. Now the English girl has no longer eyes for mo. Thoy aro engaged. I -would have died for her.' And Adolphe smote the table in impotent wrath. 1 *ne two younpr men woro dining in the upper rouiu of a Parisian restaurant. There was no one else iu tho room but an imperturb able waiter. Tho first speaker was a tall, handsomo but weak-looking man of tlrco ?nd-twenty. IliB name was Eugene Bas tura, Mid ho wus a sculptor. Ilia companion ? was a short, dark Mureeillcais, somo seven ysarg older. Hot Southern blood coursed through his veins ; but ten years oi Paris lifo had told its tulo, atid ho was worn aud P»k. Adolpho CUdol was houso physician ?t a Paris hospital: singularly clover, and a groat biologist. After this outburst, thoy l»t eilontfora few seconds, thon Cadol said — ' Tell me Bostaird : supposing Sawyer were to bo beaten at tho Eoolo Artistiquo, would hu bo disappointed f ' 'Bitterly,' replied tho other. 'Hois, as you know, no bavord ; but ho knows that I am his most dangerous competitor, and ho knows that ho has llttlo to foar from mo.' ? ' The statues will, I assumo, bo returnod P' ?Yob, immediately after tho competition— that is to suy, on tho Friday ovoning. There will bo no exhibition of them at tho Eoolo, so that tho winnorof tho inodnl can bo ablo to ?ot to work at tho murblo in timo for next Salon.' 'AU ! the oasts therefore, aro returned tho next morning.' ' _ « Good Go3, Cadol ! you would notkillhimi' ?Caroon,' oriodtho doctor, ' nnother bottlo of Chambortin, blue soul. Bastnird,' ho exclaimed, whon the room was ontiroly ?mpty, - I havo an idea ; do you understand poisons P' ' Kill him ? but no— at least, not intention ally ; and there aro things worso than death. 1 nato that man'— tho word was spoken with Southern intensity— 'but I do not kill him. If Monsieur Zoplmniah is beaten iu tho com petition, I will regard that as oarnost on tho part of Fate for moro disasters, and will loavo the matter to Providonoo; but if ho gain, I ?will seek vengeance, on myself. Havo you ever heard of ouraro 1 No ? It is a curious drug, originally usod by South American In dians. When takon in non-fatal dosos, it paralyses tho ends of tho motor norves, and ^ praotically, though not really, paralyses tho nmsolos ; but — and hero is the point— whilst :? aestrtying the motor, it does not destroy tho *fl?n8.ory norves. Thus a man whilst under the influence of cururc, can sco, hoar, and feol . but cannot spoalc or movo. I shull wait . until his statuo is roturnod, thon I shall put V him under tho influeuco of cururo, and smash it boforo hie oyes.' :??;?_? MonDiou! Oadol, it is too dtvilish. .Wero you an artist— did you regard tho Iranian form oxcopt as a subject for dissec tion, you could not think of such a thing.' ? ; ' Xt is a duugorous gaino,' continued tho other, thoughtfully, not heeding tho inter ruption. ' Tho ovordoso is fatal. AIho, it ia usually given hypodorraically. But it is ?oluhlo, and I Imvo studied tho action of poisons foryears, oapooially of oururo, which Is so much usedinvivisootion; and I know to the thousandth part of ono grain tho exact dose, not sufficiently largo to kill a man, nor sufficiently smull to bo destroyed befonj ab ?orption — just onough to mako him helpless .yet perfeotly conscious. This I shall do. I ?hall naturally call upon Mr. Zoph, to oon gratulato Mm on his viotory. Your coucicrgo Jcoows my face, but not my identity— atloast I hope not; it might be awkward. I shall _ suggest his health, and shall bribe a couple of oitvriera, at a sign from mo, to raiiko a noiso below tho window. His attontion is distrao ; UA.. -? I plaeo the drug in tho wine. And tVoi/a ,' tho thing is done.' ! ;?;- ' It was a horriblo sohome : and Bastaird, 'who, though weak und jealous, was not utterly depraved, made somo f oeblo protests '..but in vain. Adolpho Oadol wus a man of strong will und no scruples, nnd ho laughed ?this friond's protests whioh gradually grov. woakor and weaker ; and thus boforo thoy loft the restaurant he had acquiesced in tho ?ohcnio to promino Oadol that ho would go to his aunt at Amiens on tho Thursday, so that if troublo camo no suspioion sould attach to ;, him. As Cadol was himsolf going to Mar seilles on tho Saturday evening, and ns the statues woro to drrivo baok homo on tho Fri day evenings, Saturday morning, boforo lunch time, would be tho most suitable) hour. t'hat ovenlng, whon Bastiard -wont up to hU rooms in tho Hue Casset, ho did not stop ?9 Ubuul at Sa wyoi's door. Weak und vindic tive as ho was, ho oould aot face tho ohoory welcomo of tho kindly-natured American. ? Two ywirs ago thoy had boenfollow- pupils in tho atolinr of M. Lookroy, tho famous sculptor. Thoy struck up a grout friendship and whon thoysturtcd on their own account they loit their respoctivo pensions and tool' zooms iu tho sumo house— Snwycr on tho first flour, Bustuird immcdintcly above him vAt first tho latter was tho bottor artist ; but of luto ho could not hido from himself that tho American waa easily outstripping him. Hence, tho hatred and jealousy, of which Zeph Sawyer was ignorap-t. In Paris it is tho custom of tho directorate of tho Eoolo Artistiquo togivo nn annual prize for tho best statuo in the plaster cast modelled by : artists whs havo nover exhibited in tho Salon. The subject is a study from tho nudo. Tho prizo is oiily a sold medal; but sucoess in the competition is usually regarded as a por tal of future greatness. Both Buataird and Sawyer had entered ; they both chose the same subject, and worked fram tho same model ; but as their work progressed, Bas tairod acutely realized tho artistio Bupromaoy of his rival. JJostaird'sforobodiugs wcro eventually real ised ! the committeo awarded the gold medal to Sawyer, and tho sooond prize to himself. He had congratulated his old friend with ?verted oyes, and hastened to Ainions with a ?tokening senBO of fear. ' About butt- past 11 on tho Saturday morn ing Zoph Sawyer eat in his studio modelling ? head iu day. He was a tall, well-knit, bright-eyed fellow, keen-witted nnd pnrposo lul, and an artist to his fingor-tips. Houring ? knook outside, he wiped his fingers on his blotuo and opened tho door. In bounced 'Adolpho Cadol.' ?.'.;?. ?Mon cher Mr. Zaph, ton thousand oon gratulatious 1 . Ah 1 and that is tho young lijdy, ho continued, pointing to a plaster oast ?tending in tho room. - Madamo.'X respoot lully salute you,' and ho raised his hat with mock solemnity. , Tho Yankco smiled grl=ly at tho doctor's grimaces, _ and handing his guost a ohair, ho offered him hif oigurotro ou»o. Bat Cadol iiud no lime to spare. Ho wanted to get tho buainoFR over nnd some hundred miles be tween himself imdthoRtio Cussot. So ho re f usod thu oigarottos, but added that ho had a thirst that would du credit ta a milliner, and that tins would bo a most suitable occasion to drink Zopli Sawyer's oontiuuod success. ' Why, certainly,' said Zopb, walking to a oupbaurd to produce a bottlo of champagne na glasses. He prjouedod to open the ' ottle ; but eoarcoly ha*, he filled the glasses, i ?when his attention wbb arrested by Adolphe Cadol. ?LooV, look, Sawyer, there on the other side; tha two ouvricrs; they quarrel — tho little ono kicks the bigs one's shin's, lion Dicu, quello courage ! Ah ! but the big smite. Sucre r' Tho ruse was successful. Tho Aroeiican moved to tho window to watch tho row. Quick an thought, Cadol produocd a vial and emptied it into one of tho glasses. ' Allons ! Zeph. Nover mind those bri gands, let us drink.' ' One moment, doctor. I guess tl is year fumily disturbance will end in the lock-up. Hero cornea the gendarmo : kite as usual. Why? Croat Cicsai's ghost ! he's pointing up to my window ; he can't think this is a f rco show for tho benefit of my friend ? The gentleman with the patchwork pants explains — ho also hus his oye up hero.' Cudol trembled. Gould it bo that thoy had deceived him? He orcpt to tho oasement, and peered through a crook in tho obutters. Ho wus safe ; tho men kissed each other effu sively, and the gondarmo put up his pookot book.' But it had given him a scaio. Ho turned from the shutters, und found tho American just sipping his wino. ' No eceping, friends Sawyer. No eol-trap as tho English say. ' They clinked glasses, drank the contents with a gulp, und sot them down ompty. Tho doctor, in a puroxycm of suspense, watched his viotim. Had hegiven too much, too ltitlo, or just enough? Tho problem was soon solved. Iu o few moments the American's voice died away, his mouth dropped, his limbs grow limp, ho fell, but there was still consciousness in tho eye. Dr. Cudol's researches raid not been fruitless. He removed his dust-coat, and plucod it on a peg behind him ; no turned up his sleeves, and began to oxeeuto his little plan. First grasping tho limp and helpless body in his arms, heplacoditin adoepaim chair, taking care Sawyer's eyes ?woro turned on tho statue. 'M. Zophuniah Sawyer, you look like one corpso, but you are not ono: you feel, you hoar, you see. I tweuk your noso, oomrao (,'a, it hurts ; I pinoh your our, com ma (,a, it pains ; but you can do nothing : that is unpleasant. You think mo your friend, but no, I am your enemy, and now you shall sco my rovongo. You have spent days on this statue. I shull embellish it for you. It* noso is beautiful. I tako this mallet and it is still more beautiful. Crack ; it is now in tho stylo of Timbuctoo. Tho custom to omit pupils to tho oyes ? With tho knifo I repair tho ominaion. The chin a littlo musoulinp ? I reduce tho roundness. Ah, I shull not talk ; I shall work.' And with diabolical gleo tho littlo French man duncod round tho statue, lopping now on ear, smashing now a wrist, and redlining tho rosult of hours of study iuto a porfeot wrcok. At last, hot nnd exhausted, ho flung a brokon hand iuto tho faco of tho holpless American, und went to the end of tho room for his oout. While his baok was turned ho hoard a eliok. Whooling suddenly round, ho gavo a shriek of terror, Zoph Sawyor, tall and erect, was turning tho koy in tho door. ' Graoo au oiol ! What shall this moan P' cried the Frenchman. ' H means,' replied Zoph, speaking with calm deliberation, that you'vo had your in nings, and now I guess I'm going to havo mino. It moans, sir, that tho partitions in Paris rostaurants aro occasionally thin, and that in some of thoso partitions aro biggish ventilators. I happened to bo dining with a friend tho other night ; I hoard my namo ; I listened. Thoro aro occasions whon falsa doli oaoy is to bo deprecated— this was ono. So I dismissod my waiter, and standing up on a chair listened by tho open ventilator to your instructive romarks. You bribed tho navvioB to dlstruot my attention ; I bribed tho gen darmo to distract yours. AVhon my back was turned you put in tho hocus : whon your baok wus turned I chuoked it out again into that big dollop of wet clay, and refilled my glass. The artistio collapse was tho rosult of somo research and much pruotice. Seo ? and now, Dr. Gadol,'as I generally work from a model, this year statoo stands handy. Whon I have finished with you, with duo allowance for sex or coatoome, there won't bo muoh to choofte botwoonyou.' Oadol roalisod tho grim significance of tho jest and, pallid with fear, slung himself boforo tho American, and implorod moroy. 'Git !' was. tho laconic responso, accom panied by a premomitary wuggle of the right boot. Dr. Cadol 'got.' Ho know that he was doomed ; bo, turning upon tho Amorican, who was divesting him self of his blouse he shrieked ' You may beat mo, you may kick mo, you may givo mo the box ; but I havo broken your statuo. Ho, ho, I havo broken your statuo ! ' 'AVha-at !' said Zeph Sawyer ; ' do you suppose that I should havo lain in that ohair like a mummy of King Bamosos II. whilst you was smashing a statuo of mino? No, sir. This yoar ludy that you'vo boon pleased to im prove is the work of a friend, M. Bastuird. I took tho liberty of exchanging our statuos this morning. This is tho rownrd for his sharo in tho business. And now, M. Adolpho Cadol' as I don't want to wasto timo, tako thatl' JSeph Sawyer's knowledge of boxing was limited; his stylo was not striotly academic;, his arms hud a tendency to desoribo curves which would havo offended the critical eyes of the fanoy ; but tho result was none tho less effective : and after all, as far as AI. Cudol was conocrnod, a blow delivered iu a hetero dox manner was quite aspainf ul as that which does not violuto tho orthodox cunons. In vain he struggled, kicked, bit, cried; uflirmod ho was beaten ; that ho cried enough ; that ho ' projootcd tho sponge.' Zoph Sawyor was lnoxoi able. Ho regarded th» function in tho light of nn oxooution ruthcr than of a fair fight. By tho time ho had opened, tho door, and kicked M. Adolpho Cadol down tho stairs, tho latter gentleman's approheneion lrft ho should bo recognised by tho concierge was entirely superfluous His largest creditor would havo passed him by in the light of the noonday sun. ? 