THE CENSUS. Ox Sunday, 5th April, 1891, the census of the British Empire is to be takeiu It is a wonderful undertaking, as the empire iu ex tent, population and wealth hps never been equalled since the creation of time. To re cord all that greatness in figures means an enormous expenditure of money, the em ployment of tens of thousands of collectors of the statistics, and the use of tons upon tons of paper. In Victoria the preparations for this important numbering of the people and all their belongiugs, are so far advanced that the householder's schedule to be used on the occasion is completed. A copy of it has been forwarded to us by the Government statist. It is a sheet of stout white paper, 20 inches by 15i inches, ruled in line? aud columns. On one side are the columns to be filled in by the householder with very plain directions at the head of each column how the filling in is to be done, while in order that no mistake may bo made by even the most simple minded individual he can refer to the other side of the paper, and will there find a model return filled up to suit the particular circumstances of his case. Sunday has been chosen as the day best fitted for this registration, probably as it iB the day of all others on wTiich families are at home, and from its quiet and restful character there is likely to be a better op portunity for getting a more complete and correct return than during the bustle and worry of a working day. It is important to remember that only those persons in .the dwelling on the night of the day in question are to be entered in the schedule, absent members of the family will be entered at the particular house at which they haypen to be residing at the time. ■ Room is given in the schedule for entering the names of even the largest families^ as twenty names can be filled in. These names will, of course, include every one on the premises commenoing with the head of the house, thnn. tho tcifo, ..toHilclx-oi], 1 ehi - tives, visitors, lodgers, servants, down .even to strangers, tramps, sundowners and the unexpected class generally. From this column the total number of persons in the colony will be ascertained. The next column separates the sexes, an M being marked for male, and F for female opposite the respective names. This will show whether there are more males or females in the country. The adjoining column is one of special interest, as it relates to the condi tion of the sexes, whether married,widower, widow, divorced or never married. Such returns have an important bearing, e? they ptjicjite in a marked degree, ^by'the propor tion of married to single, -whether the country is prospering or not. With prosperous times the marriage rate increases aud by as natural a law morality'and popu lation and all that tends to the advance! cf r; new couutry are thereby promoted. Tho column in Which' the ftg^s of the people are marked iB the one over which in many instances some hesitation "will be dis played in filling in, but as the-enumerators are bound to secrecy there need be no-fear of annoying rovelations. People wish to be always young. It is strange how general this feeling is,like tho religious impulse-it is worldwide, The soul lougs not only ' for eternal life, but for the joy and gladaes? of. eternal youth. The column aiiotTed- for filling in the profession or occupation of- tha people is one of nn o.rdijWj' interest'. It vail -ihovr how mitny enipioyero there are, how many -'wage c'ar«ejs. iia» hauy are in oooiiieaa on their own account, and how many are unemployed, besides daUiliiig aU the pursuits of ti;c people, and the average weekly vi)ge paiij to' workers.' ' All tliia vijl show the tendency of labor in tho colony. It will iilso anurd a stanji pojp.t (jojr, ivliipl; to judge v.'hr.c uhsnaolii of labor arc- un occupied, and whether a better end moru profitable direction may not be given in many cases to the efforts of thn workers. " Where born " heads another column, and the information here gained will show the proportion of native born to those from foreign parts, also Uio proportion of town to -country births. From this also may be learned how many of the population drifts from the country to city life or contrary wise. The religions of the people fcre also to be set down, not in general terms Buch as Christian, Protestant, Catholic, but by stating the particular denomination to which .each person beloug3. Those of no religion are also to be numbered, and any one having conscientious objection to state his religion is to have the word " object " entered in the proper column opposite his name. Space is also given for marking the number of teachers and scholars in Sunday schools. It is very desirable to ascertain how far the educational system of the colony is succeeding, and consequently columns are included to show how many j. people can read and write, or who cannot do either, and who are University graduates, while the degree aud University are to be stated. A cross in the proper column will distinguish those receiving edu cation at a State school, a private achool, or at home. A column is, of course, set apart for detailing the diseases and infirmities of the people, from which much valuable information may be gathered for their pre vention. How the people are housed must also be shown—whether the dwelling is of brick, stone, wood, iron, canvas, or other material, and including the number of rooms. This has all an important bearing on the laws of health and general comfort. The acres of land in occupation and in cul tivation, aud tha number of live stock and poultry kept are aieo to be duly specified. To ensure correctness in the return, any person who refuses or wilfully neglects to give the required information to the best of his information, knowledge, or belief will be liable to a penalty of £20. Eight Pages.—Our issue of this gtnornin consists of eitjht pages. The Supreme Cooet.—His Honor Mr. Justice Hood had a heavy day's work in this court yesterday. Commencing at nine o'clock in the morning, Hi3 Honor disposed of the criminal cases by half-past ten o'clock. The civil cases were then taken. That of Wood v. the Tramway Company, resulted in a verdict for the plaintiff for £750 with costs. The other civil cases on the list was, as intimated in the Advertiser a couple of days ago, not gone on with. After sentencing the prisoners who had been convicted during the sitting, His Honor dealt with an application for a divorce—the first case of its kind heard in this city. The petitioner, Mrs. Bessie Eastman, applied under Shiels' Act for a dissolution of marriage with her husband, William Eastman, ou the grounds of desertion. His Honor granted a rule At the expiration of thirty days, if no action is taken by the respondent (who did not appear yesterday) the order will lie made absolute. The court adjourned sine die between six and seven o'clock. The Bksdigo Building Society Frauds.— Solomon Herman, the late secretary to the Bendigo Building Society, surrendered to his bail and appeared in the dock at the Supreme Court yesterday, to answer a charge of larceny as a servant. The accused, who appeared to be utterly broken down in spirits, pleaded guilty, and was sentenced to two years' imprisonment in the Sandhurst gaol. Owiug to the state of his health, the presiding judge, His Honor Mr. Justice Hood, did not impose hard labor. An extended report of the proceedings appears in another column. Tributors and Middlemen.—An amicable arrangement (writes our Melbourne correspon dent), has been come to between the directprs of the North Woah Hawp Company and the Messrs. Pearce Brothers, from whom the former held a tribute, the ground being mined bv the company. This fact was yesterday communi cated to the Minister of Mines by the directors, who requested permission to withdraw ilieir objection to the renewal of the lease to Messrs. Pearce. Mr. Outtrim, who has thus been re lieved of a very disagreeable duty, immediately gave instructions for the lease to be renewed for another 15 years. Accident to a Boy.—Yesterday afternoon a boy named Hickey. employed driving a water cart in Pall Mall narrowly escaped being seriously, if not fatally injured. He was sitting on the tank, when he accidentally fell off, and while lying on the road, one of the wheels of the cart went so near to passing over his head, as to graze the side of his face, and cut off a piece of the lobe of one of his ears. He was at once picked up and taken to the hospital in a cab by Constable Meehan. The medical officers at the hospital upon examining him, failed to find any injury to his skull. He refused to re main in the institution, and after being attended to, he was removed to the residence of his mother in Bridge-street. ^ A Notorious Criminal —Yesterday Detec tive Sexton arrested an incorrigible criminal named Henry Hewlett, alias Shirley Brooke, on a chaige of being illegally at large in Victoria. Hewleet came to Victoria from London in 18/6, and ever since then his career has been one of crime, his principal offence being larceny. His record list shows that he has served the following sentences in Melbourne : 1S7G, larceny, six months: 1S77, larceny, six months: 1SS0, larceny, three months; 1SS1, reputed thief, three months; 1SS1, larceny, three months; 18S2, larceny, three months; 1SS2, larceny, three months; 1884, feloniously receiving, four years hard labor. Being discharged at the end of 18S7 Hewlett went to New South Wales, and on the 14th January, 1888, he received six months' hard labor for larceny. He returned to Melbourne on the 29rh July last, and received three months' imprisonment for being a rogue and a vagabond. Jle was also charged in Melbourne with being illegally at large in Victoria, but on promising to leave the colony he was discharged. He was given a week to clear out, but he did not do so, coraing to Sandhurst instead. He recpiv^d employment from Mr. Spittle, pt^blican, of Bull-street, who thought Hewlett was a respectable man. When Mr. Spittle learned yesterday that Hewlett was a notorious criminal, he was astounded, The accused will ba brought before the Police Court this morning. Under the Crimes Act he is liable to be imprisoned for three years in irons. AN INQUEST (writes our Melbourne corres- pondent) was yesterday held on the body of A. Kortum, who on Tuesday morning last was found dead in Prince's Park, shot through the head. Kortum, who had formerly been a farmer in the Sandhurst district, was about 70 years of age, and had been in a despondent state for some time, and as it was shown at the inquest, that he was suffering from consumption — a rather remarkable thing at his time of life — it is presumed his despondency was caused by this disease. The jury returned a verdict of suicide. Iiendigo • Art Gallery —The following paragraph from the art' columns of the " St. James'Gazette" of the 28th October, affords a pleasing oviiicu.o lIiui, even so modest and modern an institution ai the Bendigo Art | Gallery is considered worthy of notice by our English friends, and that art, as well as com merce assists in drawing closer the bonds of natural federation between ourselves and our kindred in the old country " We referred the other day to the assistance which the permanent galleries that were springing up in bur pro vincial towns wore proving to artists; hardly less so are those which are being founded in the colonies. With many .of these the Easiish public are fairly well acquaijitid. Qttawa Toronto, and Montreal, in Canada; Sydney' Melbourne, and Adelaide; in Australia, all have drawn largely upon British art; one, the Sydney iyational G.allery,'having now-purchased over £50,000 worth of pictures. The I'atest addition tt> the lut 18 Sandhurst, known as the 1 Forest City, owing to the ninoty miles of English trees of splendid prowth which adorn its stieets. There haB been iately quite an art boom amongst its 35,000 inhabitants, enriched as thev have been by teeming goldfields. Aided by i grant from the Victorian Government, a very hand Bume , gallery has been erected, which, artists will be glad to hear, >V4U refine Bleflfy.offill 1^8:" |5fproVINQ. —George Hayes, the miner who wa3 very seriously injured at Kangaroo Fiat recently, has considerably improvod, and his medical attendant, Dr. Penfold, is hopeful now that the sufferer will ultimately recover. At first it was considered that the injurlos would terminate fatally. Wood v. the Tramway Company.-This TvVAWn'Ch th£ PIaln»ff. Mr. C. Wood, jun. of Mitchell-street, jjued the Tramway Corona-v for tlie recoj-ry of £1,000 com,« juries sustained by hlJ$ & in accident while riding an one y,* company's cars in July last i*»me-on'for hearingin the Supreme Court ves ^ulted in a verdict for the plain tiff lor £/o0, with costs. Militia. Members of the A and B Com panies will parade at a'cipo.^tfts afternoon at the Order!;' hoom, "instead of at the rifle rauges, the latter being engaged by the Cavalry 'The Myers' Flat Sports, ^ A digest or the programme of the Myers/ VM suo'rts announced for Kaxituj in aur mlvertising toiumnj, and several very interesting items are tncrem contained. Particulars regarding time oi arrival and departure of trains with fares, ate,* will b« advertised in n few days, Illness ok Mk. Rohk.s.—The many friends of Mr. Chun. Rohrs (of the firm of Hansen and Rohrs, of Charing Cross), will be sorry to hear that he is dangerously ill. Art Union.—Sir. H. Credgington, watch maker and jeweller of fall Mall, is getting up | an art union to dispose of the valuable oil painfing for some time displayed in the old j .Art Gallery, belonging to Mrs. -T. F. Lewis, and entitled " A question of Propriety," or " The Dancing Girl." 100 tickets have been issued at 5s. each. The picture will be on view at the Beehive Exchange to-day. Bendigo Athletic Club.—A meeting of the general committee was held last evening at the Town Hall, w hen a large number of members attended. Mr. A. S. Bailes, M.L.A., was in the chair. The executive committee submitted their j report which was received and adopted. A meeting of die executive committee was subse quently held, when the following tenders were accepted :—No. 1 and 2 publicans' booth, Mr. T. O'Uonnell; sports programme, Mr. M. Phillips; fruit and lollj' stalls, Mr. W. Lane, Sailors' Gully. It was decided to add a novice bicycle race for all classes of machines, minimum weight, 40 lbs. It was finally decided to adopt the Melbourne Bicycle Club rules in the con tests. A special prize is to be given for quoits. Through the kindness of Superintendent Rvall, the gates and fences will be guarded by mounted police. The convenience of the public is to be studied in providing seats throughout the sheds from where a good view of the sports can bo witnessed. During the next fortnight the arena is to be properly cleared up, and the racing track relaid. The date of nomination for the novice bicycle race will be noticed in our ad vertising columns, also the extension of time for bicycle races and several other added con tests. The tickets for membership are going off well. The Bendico Auction* Mart.—On Monday Messrs. G. H. Hobson and Co. will hold their opening sale in their new auction mart in Hargreaves-street, next to the Arcade Hotel. The building is a commodious one and is welt adapted for an auctioneer's business. There is a large front entrance from the street, and in the mart special accommodation has been made for the conduct of sales, of poultry and dairy produce. A large room in front has been set apart for use as a private sale room. Behind this are located the clerk's office, pay office and Mr. Hobson's private room. Then there is a spacious store room for furniture, etc , 135 feet long by 30 feet wide, with a splendid cellarage, in which butter, etc., can be kept as cool as possible. Altogether the mart is about as con venient and well appointed as any other in the city. A Young Bexbigonian Cricketer.—Master James Andrew, sou of Mr. James Andrew, of this city, is now at home, studying at the Sixth Standard Harris Academy. In an account of a cricket match played bj- the Sixth Standard Harris Academy against the Standard Morgan Academy, the "Dundee Telegraph " states that the former won by S3 runs, Masic:- Audrew making top score, namely, 46 not out. The School of Mixes Imbroglio. — A special meeting of the Administrative Council of the School of Mines will be held on Monday evening at half-past eight o'clock, to consider the position of the council, and to decide upon the course of action to be adopted in view of the resolutions passed at the recent meeting of life governors and subscribers. The General Markets.—The City Council invite tenders for leasing the general produce market and weighbridge for one year. Goldex - square Fire Brigade. — The monthly meeting was held on 2nd December, Captain Houston in the chair. 24 active mem bers were present. The resignations of two active members were received with regret, and one struck off for non-attendance. Four new members were placed on the active list. It was decided to procure GOO feet of new hose, 0 pair couplings, 2 branches, and 1 new hydrant. Accounts amounting to £4 14s were passed for payment. Sandhurst Temperance Volunteer Fire Brigade—The monthly meeting of this brigade was held on Thursday eveniug; Mr. D. Andrew in the chair. A letter was read from Captain Reed, apologising for his non-attendance, and furnishing several matters of detail in connec tion with the Maryborough demonstration and business transacted at the annual meeting of delegates at Melbourne on Tuesday last. Two nominations for membership were received an! the re-instatement of an ex-member deferred. The chairman then presented members J. Davey, J. Little, P. Q.uin, and H. Blair, each with a handsome silver medal, the work of Mr. E. C. \\\ elch, the donors being the Rev. K. Mackay and members D. Andrew and F. Mauger. The recipients were the winning team in a four men's competition amongst the members. Accounts were passed for payment and the meeting closed. The Refrigerating Cars. — Consequent upon the remarks which appeared in Thurs day^ "Age" regarding the use of expensive refrigerating cars for the carriage of tir&wood; and wheat, whilst applications which had been made for them to convey dairy produce re mained unheeded, the Railway Commissioners have given instructions ta have the 16 vehicles of that type now available placed at ones at the service of consignors of perishahle floods. The commissioners relieve themselves from blame ia conneotian with the bungle by explaining that they had relied upon the traffic authorities to U3e the oars as the demand arose for them, hut that eoonomioal consideration induced the traffic branch to refrain from putting them into run ning Each car requires about 3 tons of ice per week. The remaining 14 refrigerating cars which are under construction at Newport are to be completed as soon as possible. Professor Golledge's Visit.—Mr. GolIed"e who has publicly given such satisfactory evi dence of his ability as a physiognomist, will ter minate his visit to Sandhurst either on Monday or Tuesday morning. This being the case, tho=e who purpose obtaining the valuable information he is able to give should do so without delay, or they may be too late. A gentlemen s evening ■' in connection with the Primitive Methodist Rowan street Mutual Improvement and Discussion Society was held in the ashoolroom on Thursday even ing, the Rev. H. Bride Barber, president, in the chair. The following programme was i gone through :-Whistling overture, company; three choruses, company; reading. i\ir. Bright song,- Mr. E. Vickets; dialogue, Messrs. White lock-and Vivian; song. Air* Bright; two recita. tions, Mr \iukersi sung, Mr. Whiteloefc* ! recitation, Mr. Vivian; recitation, Mr. Eiaher* ! duet, Messrs. Bright and E. Tickers; sang, Mr' j Uonng; reading, Mr. Barber; dialogue. Mr." ! Fisher, and others. Mr. Goring presided at : the organ. The gentlerrvwi had a raised plat. 1 platform, which w^ nicely decorated with flowers for the lesion. usua' f°rtuightly meetinn 0f the iia^hurst Catholic Young Men's Society [ was held m St. Kilian's Hall on Thursday even ing. There was n. good attenda^e of mem -r" "ti G-'jbs (President) being in the chair. The president reported that the mook banquet, ' held recently, was a decided success in every respect. The" secretary waa in structed to purchase a ballot box for the use of the society. Two nominations were received for membership, and one me^Lw was elected and welcomed in the usun\ The following nominations for afiiotvb^rer, for the ensuing hall-year were wceived r-President, Messrs j H. Skehau iX figanand T. Grelis; vice-presi dents,^) Messrs. J, M'Ginley, T. Flood, B. brelis, H . Crawley, Hanruhau and T. Grellis warden, Mr. R. Hogan; hon. secretary and treasurer, Mr T. Barry; committee, Mess'rs. \V. M'^hane. T. \y o n. oaenan, i. Dunnellau, J. M'Ginley, George Saunders. R.. krai, T. Robinson, J. Dowd, D. Egan, Riley, B. Grelis, B; Ward, P. Commons, V Keating and Dr. Burke Gaffnev Ampgktant Clearing Salk.—J^taors. 0. H. Hobson and Co. have beep, uiatructed by the executors of the late 'yjiavSea £,. Stoneman to sell by public taction gp Thursday, the lS&i;, instant, tii^t Ujo^ti desirable and commc&ous; premises known as G. L. Stoneman's, Sa.udhu.rst Carnage Factory, together 2> mwst com plete carriage .guilder's pi a^s,6. Ifb-e sale will be held on'the f>j:emise.\ aii particulars of which will be adv&rt;&iii; ia a few days. Twnv»xY OoiiEGK Inquiry.—The committee j of the Anglican Church Assembly appointed to inquire into the charges made by students of Trinity College against the warden (Dr. Leeper) (states the " Argus ") presented their report on Thursday to the Bishop id Council. The to?KS of the report were as follows :—" 'Ji&a; com mittee beg to report that, a?tyr iienring the evidence brought forward by. atwtants at Trinity College, in ^u^ti&catiou; of their utter v.ant of coat^Qen&c; in the good faith of the warden, together with the warden's replies and expla nations, they are unanimously of opinion tuat, whilst sundry irregularities, rash promises, and serious errors of judgment have been proved against the warden, which to some extent justify the studsnr~ in such want c^ ctmiidence, tha •wttrd".j has not be&js; uMuated by any dB'.!,oerate intention tQ fticsive," ' Tee Growtu, at IiOSDOsr.—One of the most singular about the growth of Londou is . regularity. It may be roughly taken 1 month about a thousand houses to London. YCLE Tide.''—^frustrated journal has been lorwar^^A u3 ^ Sandhurst agents. Ales ft}. i\\. J. Smith and Co., Tall ilalL It ia aa admirable illustration of Christina time in the old country, and the v&Y;$>as, pictures a work of art. The large tj&fOred; supplementary picture represents parting of " Prinw. Charlie aud IJltjfa IvWiioDald," and it is ex««.ti inglv y.;e<l exeoutedi i^MUa\Tio.\s Received.—TVe ha\^aeceir e(j from Mra. Ellen Fairlie, M'Cra>sareet.i t|le Sandhurst agent, a copy of the 41:Auaf ra];an Almanac for 3S91. It is, iweediar |v weu arranged and useful \vhtv>. contaiain'. "V hu'»e amount of iufc,r$u\ip;* in suuiU <xjrilpassi has also a num^sr, of uostaahi noted Irish men Cm Council. The ii„anoe at the usual hour yesterday aften.o™ i" Aew «.xTliyor Hoskins ' r Abbott, O'Neill and Hayea 4" ' J';" received from Cr. Cirolin ' Thp fin J g> Wus for the week ending on the ° e rePort r"n;TbVbT0"Dt-:pttid i^fttassvsf ,?*"«•«y L';; account No. 2-In bank, £369 43 3d f°si: deposit account—In bank. ^ i07 r„ 0i.n The tender of John Du ^ ^£1*TT recommended for acceptance for eV,',l «. ",5"«bS '¥ ment by Cr. O'Neill 'tl^V i.- , amen.i was lost. The deferred lprrp f clerk, Esaendon, "ecTuttinftL m tllet°"" and . assistance "of Pni-r co*operatictn tatives in favor of th^fE? repreSer" tion was aj,ain bronclu llo!.?Frrean>' Premier be requested %n ' ■. * "ne any amendment of the PubHc £°V,IS.,on '» 1S90. which may hereafter SmUfwvL J'' councils power to u»*ue giving the of cariying out priva p .' ^ the PU^ under thfir Xol ' rt !a maPiciP^"fe eidered that the matter >, 1 c«'.n'™ttee con the counci. 'and'^onsepSf 'P*??° vith simply received. Mr j q oiinh let,ter "as cation for a renewal nf L i 0hPh?nt's appli SMsawePF^Wt <• «j"kc« «« prune mover, in the matter Cr W ' the that out of courtesy to CVrJVsUt^ defer the subject for I wek so tha '7 ah°Uld attend and submit the >,hpmfi • ^le coulJ S'-fSttS^ii'SSt0be Hoskina) and [' f'' which the court rose ^fosed of, alter . STF.AriIFIELr.SAVE SlIIRK COCVCIL Th , journed annual meeting 1 e ad" o'clock this afternoon at the Town ^llV"0 Sandhurst. ovvn -Hall Hotel, BeXDIGO DEDTSCHER Vetttv Tk general meeting of this society' J^heW?' Thursday evening at the Blar-L- <■„. ?r ld 0D was largely, attended, the pr^ident AJr Heinz, in the chair Th , K!"uent, iUr. (_. the quarterly receints and r submitted and also the 3-balaLe'P1end,l"re duly certified ^theSdftoftA.' and Dietrich. The »r t ' f ^ Jenit'' amounted to £G9 ]Si • 1, ,r tbe JMr s;s ™ *35- v!7 1 * aa. xgsrrz took clace ' with" tfj f l) .montns -hen President, Mr C W*; results elected! • vi™ ' Heinz (unanimously re elected; , Mce president, Mr F f f ■ treasurer and librarian Mr' T Vi ,Junck; elected unopposed) ;• secretary,' ^ H j assistant secretary, Mr. C Snarl-.", hi' tee, Messrs. F. Becker ri r [, 8; comiu>t' and E. Manermann; trustees I A. .Ludffe and W n v m 'j Jacob Loho, D,«,ricK jLS ' i'Knjte.11-'' to the secretary who in inri . . a® voted promised the sum of £1 is to anv^m™ K°' Sa?" would introduce the Wr n 6mbe- who members during the next S^ncia^Ir'°' The Foresters' Picsic.-a meet; Foresters _ picnic committee '",= oi" l'le last evening at the emporium. ,!°ak , P^e ines. Jlost encoura^tni' re* ' 1 Hi'Ilti ceived from the deleaates ''"r£s were re tickets are going off ' , e art Union picnic ground at RaveDr japidly, and the be looking graqd. .4 J"'°™ n'^ reported to to Westphalen's P ,v<Jte °' 'hanks was passed play selections^'. ,t r ?neir kind offer to this evening.'ri, 6 emPonu,I).Bath Buildincs, rilles, a pro?I"amnie consists of quid St- Paul's r,?ne' P')lk"S'iinda q«ck march. next t '.ie choir of St ^77- -,Taesday evening sacred oratorio " rt, • 3 \vlTJ.rencier Fanner's the first time in 9!lri3^an(! His Soldiers," for k>' - when he had endured part of the «i\tl, «v Jt that man. gave up at the" same time the aT deathelLaD^-£hi-ghost- The altera**" ■ j. seemed in his fancy to be comir-r >e distrust of and disbelief in almost *>" 'P1 [Pr' Before he hually departed he saw- cr ;,yh("!;'' la his troubled dreams Iou* tiles.^' 'OMually with axes to grind, and an endW publlC n.leu or people in the peculiar sha-cs ' Pf0263810?1 stones for those axes. Thri w- 01 tne "nu,!" his head. He becaix.-' jj- ctiicle1 aile«ed even -to mingle- with, poli'ii - weak-mlndt,d man may endure a. Vo' A upon an asthmiviic. sireefc or '0DSel' serenade tinue to be a consistent. tV , BtlU con" Christian; a strong man , JU;: sorel>' remPa'l! trihuluuon of 20 miuiito* ■''" sustain the dire I tion by telephone, aa<i CODSecutl.ve con versa I with some shreds. c>£ C<?-1,e out 01 t,ie or,iea! even though tha aelI're3pect and sanity, sulphurous uud.th- b "7osp"e^ should be have prematurely \r' % 1°". °*, worr-v snould harder for a loafer £ * D'S hlllr; but Jt '3 inn agaiust it. cr- fnr Pps a Post w"hout lean match without/eii;n '^nr°f t0 watcb a footba!1 1 church wilhoj/;' »!.:/• •' - I * woman t0 sit in nets, than fa/a ■ nelShbors bou averaiwsto/. nf h, 13 Propnetor 01 the things Dol/riA ? nature to closely study look" om , * d, lU Possess '»e capacitv to ' ZZsZ anleSSly Vpon the world With' an or evT h -ye' anfd,no"0-to trick anvbociv his /^ellmva mTStrUuSt 0f the motfves °i most o'f Av 'afr r 'hese remarks, of course, South fr l . V3 ,eicePted- Ho«" thankful we ou^ht ! tr' be, and—hoB- proud !" pJon F)^VerS?,?'^f St- Gary's Church, at Kan paroo Flat, will bt- celebrated to-morroiv the preachers being the Rev. H. J. Mitchell in' the j mornmp;, and the \ en. Archdeacon MacCullach , in the evening. There will be a tea wteuas and enchainment on Wednesday eveninir Lientenant Dickinson, of the Salvation Army to rn™? eWeU t0 tbe people of SandimrL 'tawiS^' v°ca,"t, or^nist. son- be fel r'f 1 to c'",nduct S0°P services'm the V\e»Jejan Churches to morrow, at Golden square a» 11. Jorest street at 3 and 7. Mr. Whitehead i» to lecture every night next week. H« is xt a»d " I The scholars and teachers of the Indepfnaena; B;ptist and Wesleyaa Sunday schools are r... | quested to attend Mr, Whitehead's children s s(;r. vie •, to-mor.ow afternoon, at three o'clock ;.a the TTorest street Weslevau Church. The "Austxaliac Shorthand Journa>'"for De cember, from the publishers, Jinf — o--«. j u-ii -=. 13 "J iiwil. It concaius besides shorthand notes, interletterpress Attention is directed to au. arivertisen ent in I another column by Mr. C. Botta, manufacturer and importer, Mitchell-street. Messrs. Danpharty and Parker, auctioneers, will hold a -large sale of castle at Echuca, ea Monday, the loth inst. Messrs G. H. Hub-ion and Co. have beeo in j structed to sell by public auction ou Thursday, the lsith inst., property in Williamson-street, belong ing to the estate of the late Mr. C. L_ Ssoneman, Messrs R. O'Neill and Co. have received in structions from Mr. T. Gregory, wiio is relinquish ing farming, to bold aclearins 3. iw at Pyramidoa Wednesday, ths l?th inst.. Mrs. John White. is lea-ving Sandhurst, has instructed M»s»s. G. H. Hobson and Co. to sell by public auction, without the sllghtwt reserve, ho;-two storey brick house and fr^inld' allotn>S!A situated in Raglan-street, Wbk» Hills; Tl^-sale. will b«.held on the premises, paste two o'c'oct, &n; Wednesday next, jjntisuSars li wliicV, are advertised in our auctio*. columns Messis. Jas. Andrew and Cc.., by instr.KCT" of local growers.will sell at t^ir rooms, oo. >i»* ,n! two,o'clock, a lar?e quantity o( pot 7fl»- 3" bloom,. On Mondays &> 11 o'clock, th«>j V -j!1? u sy larga sale sew and second-b/ssJ , B and at two o'clajfe they will offec of carpe-A^Vtools. .twocheats 