THE GLOBE-TROTTER. Letter Carrying in China. Abooi tlio moot' curious institution ip China ia tho postal service/ * It'inclndca'twp qnito distinct systems; one f'r tilt 'govern ment ('flioiala and tho other [or every one else. Tho dispatches of the government ore carried by mounted'postmen with' tolerable swiftrfef s. Their carriage and' deliveryare under the direct supervision of tho Minister ot War in PiSln.; •' Tha' people ariargoare □ot allowed to'eond mail by tho ofliiial carriers. They are obliged tolranract'all their postal business through' a much slower medium. ■ "' '■'■' '' '. ""'' "' : In every Chinese city there are sbvmJ post ofliees' which' receive and' deliver, in their respective district tho mail matter' of tho general' public Each guarantees' tho cafo delivery ot everything intrusted to its and in aaso ol loss of valuablo papers or poods reimburses tho sender without delity. Tbo contents ot. every package, however, must bo exactly declared at the timo of mailing, as tbo postaga varies with very trivial variations ot value. ■■••'■• ■ Tho postmen ol thin branch o( tbo mail service walk or rido on asses from el.ition to station. With some eighty pounds of miil matter a postman co7crs about throe miles an hour. Tho minute lie arrives at the end of his route ho -transfers his burden to the shoulders of another poßtman,'who, what ever the time of day'and whatever the weather, hurries oil to deliver it at tbo next station. "■' : ■■"■'' '•''' ' '• ■^ :i'1" | ■ To keep himself ready for all emergencies, the Cbineso ppstman never fuddles bis wits with over-eating. Etc always tskeß very light meals. "Eats bimßell or.ly tcven tenths full," the Cbineso Bay. Ho ia usually a man offioo physique, ard: less nfr»id of. ghosts, witches, etc, than fotty-nino out ol' every fifty cf his fellow-countrymen. ;Tn' fact, an applicant for admission to ; the scrvico is generally subjected to a kind'of civil service examination of his eourace ip trithstnndiag tho horrors of supernatural phenomena. If he stands the test without quailing and proves that he has not incurred the enmity ol any spirit bad that might inter fere with him in the dischargo of bis duties, be has taken a long step towards procuring ' his appointment. This singular condition for admission to tbo service, ia nnivcrpally considered to bo quito proper.for tbo average Chinaman ia also afraid of ppirits and tbe dark that the slightest noise by the wayside at night would cause him to drop whatever ! ho was carrying and dart off liko a BhoLto! tho nearest settlement. ' ; An ordinary lector may be cent one hen •lrrd and fifty miles or more for about 33. I Thirty per cent, ot tho postage ii collected in advance from tho sender. . This amount covers the cxncnro of transportation, and is a guarantee, against fraud on the part of the euidcr. Tlo other sevent y per cult, ia col lided from the icceivcT, and represents the prf.at of Iho Fcrvice.- . : The po'tuicn often carry very valuable mails. Tho traders intrust to them drafts and silver bullion without hesitation. To protect Iho most important mails, small guard 3 of soldiers are often used, or troops ot righting civilians oro always ready to 6i;ht at least a dozen highwaymen. The manner in which they prepare themselves for such uneven combats is an elaboration ot :n pugilist* training in punching tbo bag. l'roin the roof of tho empty ohtd in which the practice is taken hang on ropes tin heavy Findbagn. Tne man who id learning; to tea guard stands in the midat ol these bogß, while bis ioetructcr ou tho nutaide sotn them to swinging. Tbe m»n amorg the bag* then strikes out right and left with Iris fi its for tbo purposo of punching tbs bags awiy from him. As coon a-> he learns to k«n ail tbe bags in motion without letting them I touch him be in pronounced ready to go on tho road to knock out "mil robbers. , 