ROCKHAMPTON. WEDNESDAY, DECEMBER 17, 1890. AUSTRALIA AND AMERICA. A recent cablegram from thc United Kingdom informs us that Sir Clmrles Tupper, High Commissioner for Canada, is taking activo steps to establish a direct Hue of fast-sailing steamers between the United Kingdom and Canada. After what we have already written, this, it will be seen, would bc the first section in the new mail and trade route between the seat of empire in Britain, and the colonies in the west and south. Two of the sections are already, we may say, open for traffic. From tho seaboard of the eastern colonies of Canada the Canadian Pacific Railway carries passengers to Van- couver on the Pacific coast of British Columbia.. Tiience steamers of a con- necting line already established carry them to China and Japan. When swift steamers have been placed on the Atlantic section, it is calculated that the countries in the " shining Orient " will be reached with far more comfort, and in less time than by existing routes. There is contemplated in connection with this new route a trans-Pacific line ' of steamers from Vancouver to Aus- tralia. This matter hos been repeatedly referred to in our columns, and we have shown that by it mails and traffic could be carried as quickly as by the routes now followed by mail steamers between Britain and Australia. This new scheme, if carried into effect, would interfere withexistingarrangements,and it is therefore meeting with opposition in niauy quarters. We hod scarcely antici- pated, however, that the republicanism and American sympathies of a Brisbane journal, which, aspires to lead public opinion on questions great and small, would have led it to belittle thc advantages to be accrued by cul- tivating immediate trade relation- ships with the Canadian Dominion. It is boldly asserted that the projected mail service between Australia and Canada will not be regarded with mucl enthusiasm in this Colony. We wondei what would be regarded with much en thusinsm in the Colony at present; bul we make bold to say the prospect of thc establishment of a lino of fast mai steamers between Keppel Bay and Bur rard's Inlet would be hailed with greal satisfaction. The gross subsidy for thu new line is £40,000 from Australia, anc it is contended Queensland cannot aflore to pay its quota of that, and keep up i doubleservice monthly by Torres Straits Our contribution to this subsidy woulc never bn felt, and the possibilities of tin new trude it would create have nevei been fully estimated. There are ad vantages of direct trade with Londoi possessed by the Torres Straits route, anc it is an objection to the Canadian rout« that transhipments would be necessary but the delivery of mails and merchandise by it would be as quick as by the former With competing lines in existence tin cost of carriage would be kept at lov rates. Thc assertion that the Canodiai route is not " traversable with comfor during six months in the year" is i gross misrepresentation. Comfort woulc not affect the mails,and as forpassengers they would be carried across t-hi American continent, in comfortabli cars, with the accessaries of moderr travelling attached, in little more thai three days. Most travellers, wo an told, would prefer the American routi from Sun Francisco in tho winter, bu' most travellers would know better, be cause the American lines are not so safe and are oftener blocked by snow thai the Canadian Pacific, which runstbrougl regions where thc snow falls more lightly and lies shorter thanitdoes farther south Experience has demonstrated its superior comfort and safety. To spca! of the projected mail service as Í through service merely, and then assen that " the conditions aro not favourable for thc establishment of a remunerative service," is not treating tho subject fairly. Why should thc possibilities oi increased trade between the Dmninior and Australia not bo taken into account? It may bo quite true that New South Wales has refused to con- tinue thc subsidy to thc mail service between Sydney and San Francisco. For tliis there aro obvious reasons. Thc protective turin's of tito United States aro barriers to the cultivation of trade between tho countries, and objectionable to the free traders of New South Wales. Then the steamers are in thc hands of a firm, which have not bestowed that enre and attention to the cultivation of thc trade on liberal principles, which would have led to its greater success. Wc quito agree with our contem- porary that a cable service between America and Australia would be more popular in tho meantime. We would not have it laid from San Francisco to Brisbane, however, but from Vancouver to Rockhampton. The latter would be tho shortest, the safest, and most con venient route. There is a good deal of misapprehension about the probable ad- vantages of . tho American connection, and of San Francisco as the key io the 65,000,000 of people who inhabit the American continent. Canada, accord- ing to our contemporary, is not a part of the American continent. It is close alongside of it: divided only by an imaginary line ; yet the people of the Dominion do far more business with the United Kingdom, from which they are separated by the stormy Atlantic, than they do with the near and more numerously peopled United States. Our contemporary, with respect to the cable, considers one in which Britons and Americans had proprietory rights would he less liable to interruption than if it were owned by Britons alone. We do not think so, for though we arc unlikely to quarrel with the Americans, tho unexpected often happens, and in such an event communication would at once he arrested. Public feeling in some circles in Australia may incline scarcely less cordially towards our kins- men in the United States than in Canada. Suppose this were the case generally, which we doubt, what evidence have we that responsive feelings are entertained towards us by tho people of America. There is none in connection with the projected mai and cable services. The establishment of these is being promoted and financed by Canadian statesmen, and their prac- tical endeavours are worth a great deal of hifalutin sympathy. Americans would no doubt bc glad to deal with us, but it would have to be on their terms, and they would take good care these -were to their own advantage. By their protec- tive policy the Americans have given us to understand they do not want much intercourse with us. Wool, almost the only thing we could send them in quan-1, I tity, has liecn excluded by their prohibi : tive tariff. With our kinsmen in Canada it is different. They are anxious to trade with us, and are urgent in their endeavours to promote the means of doing so. Instead of doing aught to abate their enthusiasm, therefore, our statesmen should meet them with cordial encouragement, and practical assist- ance. . Ministère of Finance on troubled with tho state of the public funds in moro places than Queensland. The restoration of equUibrinm in thc Budget has been matter of serious concern to the French Chamber, and 'the"1 Minister ot Finance has hit upon the idea of making the salo of alcohol, in all its .varied and attractive forms, a monopoly in the hands of the Government. Among Btrong argu- ments used by tho proposer in favour of his schemes aro, not only will it secure a large reveuuo to the public rands, but it will afford a guarantee for the purity of the article sold. Consumers will also have their liquors at a cheaper rate than they can now bc obtainable. Whether the last argument would commend tho proposai to our tem pevancc friends may bc doubted ; bnt even tlicy would agree with the preceding one, for if people will get drunk they must desire they should do so on good drink. Indeed, this latter argument would minimise hostility to public houses becoming the property of the public There is a fine socialistic ring about tho scheme, which, shouldcnmmend it to our latter day philosophers. In Paris a tax on dogs has been very successful, and it is proposed to impose one on pianos. If the latter ne tried in Queensland we hope it will bo graduated, so that the worse the piano the greater the impost. Performers might also be called upon to pay a license in the same way. Neighbours would then lie spared a great deal of un- avoidable Buffering. The thunderstorm of Monday evening was followed by fine weather, which has continued ever since, though at times it has been cloidy and threatening. Yesterday it was very elrae, though again the thermometer registered only 88" in tho shade. Tho storm that passed over Rockhampton on Monday night appears t» have extended over a wide area ; in fret thunderstorms soein to have been experienced in all parts of the colony. In roost instance! tho rainfall accompanying them was light, though, os will he seen from the accompanying reports, heavy downfalls took place here and there :-Rockhampton, 0-070 m.; Brisbane, 1-250 in.; Mackay, 0*130 in.; Duaringa, 0-080in.; Raglan, OflSOin.; St, Lawrence, 0-880 in.; Marlborough, 1*080 in.; Nebo, 0-300 in.; Rolleston, 0 03in.; Keppel Bay, Sea Hill, Emu Park, Yeppoon, Mount Morgan, and Stan veil, thunderstorms «Ith light rain; Walton, thunderstorm, with heavy rain. The readings of tho thermometer for. thc twenty-four hours ending at 9 a.m. were as follow :-Rockhampton, maximum 89*4°, minimum 62" ; Brisbane, 85°-57° ; Mackay, 81°-«"°; Bustard Head, 82 -07°; Emerald, 93°-00° ; Alice, 98°-80°. From tho (Tinton. Herald we take tho following particulars regarding tho terrifie storm which recently visited that place. It says that early lu tho morning, after a very hot preceding day, tho inhabitants were awakened hy a brilliant flash, followed by a crash of thunder, and before the sleepers could regain their scattered senses thc wind whistled through their dwellings, and crash followed crash in rapid succession, Ro!*£ commenced to fall, when a tierce gust of cola air shook every building in town, and a regu- lar bombardment ensued. The noise was deafening, and could he likened only to a con- tinued cannonade by artillery, interspersed with tho rattle of small arms. Tho cause of tho uproar wa8 soon apparent. Instead of tho expected rain, pieces of irregularly shaped ico ana small hailstones were battering the roofs and windows of the houses, smashing through the iron as if it were brown paper, and causing general destruction. Hailstones as largo as a lieu's egg were picked up after tlie subsidence of thc storm, and pieces of icfe tho size of a man's douched hand were un- earthed. Within fifteen minutes tho storm was over, and the damage accomplished. lavery limlding in town suffered. Several of tlie more provident collected tho ice in lmckets, and it lasted sc-eral days. It is computed Hint SOO nines of glass were shattered, and as a natural result glass is at a premium, and griers in demand, hut tho stock of glass has run out. At thc Imperial ' Hotel every window facing the south was smashed, over eighty panes being broken ; there vas great damage to furniture and clothes hy thc rain. Tho Commercial Hotel was roughly handled, thc damage being esti- mated nt £20. T. J. Cooks emporium suffered severely. A largo stock of fancy goods had been laid out for inspection on tables, in readiness for Christinas, and when tho windows fncing tho Eolith were smashed, sad havoc was made hy thc wind, rain, and hailstones. Mr. Cool; estimates thc loss at £75. At thc house occupied by Mrs. J. Thompson, tho verandah was lifted bodily over thc house, and landed in the adjoining allotment. Mr. Lynnot estimates tho naniago done to his store aud hotel nt £70, caused by thc min and hail. Mr. \V. ll. Steele suffered to the extent of £50, and unfortunately several of his largo galvanised iron tanks were bored by tho ico and the water lost. Those who havo resided in the district for fifteen years atato that they never experienced snch a storm. Thc Chinamen gardeners at Mistake und Pelican liare lost all their fruit trees, and everything appealing above ground. Tho Wiles « ero stripped as it by locusta, and tho peaches, bananas, &c.;, completely ruined. Pumpkins and water-melons were smashed into pulp by the hail, mid the gardens pre- sented a scene of utter desolation. Tho loss to thc gardeners must be hoavy. Tho Mayor and aldermen of the Rockhamp- ton Municipality will leave thc Council Ch nubers this morning at eleven o'clock, to pay a visit to tho Botanical Gardens, the Waterworks, and Victoria Park. At tho Waterworks thc Council will inspect tho macliinory, which is »aid to be seriously in need of repair, and at Victoria Park a site will be selected for the caretaker'* residence. Tho petition to the Minister for Railways praying for tho construction of a branch line of railway to Blackall was forwarded to Mr. F. R. Murphy, M.L.A., on Thursday morning lait for presentation to thc Hon. T. O. Unmack, says tho Barcoo Imhnemknt of the 11th instant. Thc signature sheet to the petition was 42 ft. in length, and con- tained 705 names, including 171 from Blackall, 118 from Barcaldine, (il from Rock-1 hampton, 32 from Tambo, 10 from Isisford, kc. Tho stations in thc district were well represented-Alice Downs, 31: Northampton, 33 ; Terrick Terrick, K.i ; Lome, 33 ; Isis Downs, 58 ; Malvern, 31 ; Listowel, 15 ; Ravensbourne, 13; Portland, 13; Delta, 7; and Evora, <J. Wc arc glad to hear that tho man M'Cluiky, who was reported to have boen lost in tho Marlborough district a few days ago, has turned up again all right. He was discovered hy Senior-Constable Skelly, of Marlborough, who was sent out in search, and, apparently, none the worse for his wanderings. Thc full details are not lo hand ; but tiley will no doubt I» interesting. M'Clusky, who is a saddler by trude, is » ell known in the district, having gained his livelihood for many years by travelling from station to station" doing such repairs as were needed. On thc 25th of November he left Mr. Frank Beardmore's Balcomba Station, Sresumably in the vehicle ho usually travels l, intending to go on to Rookwood Station, a distance of nlwut sixty miles. Ho never arrived nt the latter place ; but his dog re- turned to Balcomba without its master. The annual examinations in connection with ' the Presbyterian Sunday schools of thc colony were held as usual this year on the first and second Saturdays of October, under the auspices of the Sabbath School Committee of the General Assembly, says thc Brisbane Courier of Saturday. Tho results were only recently made known, and thc distribution of the prizes and certificates then gained took Elace on Tuesday evening last in the Wick am-terrace Church. The Rev. C. J. Legate, convenor of the Sabbath School Committee, in announcing the results, spoke of the increas- ing interest manifested each year in the ex- aminations by additional schools being repre- sented, and a larger total of candidates. Tho schemeof examination embraced four divisions, with Scriptural and essay competitions in each.- The subjects for the senior 'division were doctrinal examinations based on the first part of tho Shorter Catechism and essay on the Life of Luther ; and for tho three other divisions, Scriptural examinations (graded) on the lessons for the third quarter of the year, and essay on the Life of Daniel. Among thc prize-winners are the following, who aro residents of Rockhampton :-Lower middle division (ages twelve to fourteen years), John H. Turner (Scripture lessons) ; junior division (under twelve years of age), Henry Cochrane (Scripture lessons). The annual examinations in connection with the Education Department, for tho Central District, were commenced at thc Rockhampton Central Boys' School yester. day morning before the District Inspector, Mr. J. A. Canny, who waa assisted hy Mrs. Roberts (North Rockhampton Girls' School), Miss -Buzacott (Central Girls' School), and Messrs. G. Potts, seor. (Central Boys' School), J. A. Briggs (North Rockhampton Boys' School), and F. W. Smith (Allens- town School). There are seventy-four examinees, of whom sixteen arc for grammar school scholarships, twenty for pupil teachers of the first year, seven for pupil teachers of the second year, three for pupil teachers of the third year, six for pupil teachers of the fourth year, fourteen for teachers of thc third class, and eight for teachers of thc second ¿lass. The candidates for scholarships aro from thc following schools:-Rockhampton Central Boys', 0 ; Rockliampton Central Girls', 2 ; North Rockhampton Boys', 5 ; Mount Morgan, 1 (girl) ; Emerald, 1 (boy) ; Cawarral, 1 (boy). The examinations will be continued daily, terminating ou Frida}' after- noon. The subjects in which the candidates are being examined are arithmetic, grammar, geography, history, school management, algebra, geometry, drill, and vocal music, with the addition of needlework in thc case of thc gentler sex. Mr. Canny, to whom we arc indebted for thc above particulars, expects that the results will bc made known «bout February next. Samuel* Cox, a powerfully-built man, a labourer, was charged before the Police Magistrate yesterday with having been drunk, with UBing obscene language, and with thc wilful destruction of property. Thc defen- dant, who has been working on thc wharf ever since the strike commenced, admitted the drunkenness, pleading, however, that it was not so much drink os it was the heat of the day which had affected him. Ha liad had a sunstroke in India, and hot weather always overcame him. As to the other two charges, ho remembered nothing about them. Captain H. W. Fossey, a master mariner, gave evidence. He stated he resided iu Weiti holt-strcet, next door to thc prisoner. Late last night he was aroused hy a disturbance in the prisoner's house, and his wife and family could be heard shrieking for him (witness) to go in and assist them. He did not like going into another man's house, however, but shortly afterwards Mrs. Cox aud lier family ran Into his house for protection from the prisoner. Cox followed them, but Captain Fossey threw him out into the street. The prisoner then got a tomahawk, with which Le chopped down his (Fossey'») front gate, and smashed in thc panels of the front door, at the same lime saying bc would " toma- hawk all hands," ni«) set fire to thc house. There was a great disturbance in thc street, and tho prisoner used thc most obscene language. Eventually Senior-sergeant Howell -who lives in tho neighbourhood - was brought on to thc scene, and he arrested the prisoner und conveyed him to thc lock-up. The prisoner, who was very loqua- cious, pretended to bedcaf, saying someone had struck him on thc head with a brick. He said he was sorry for what he had done, hut it was all through thc sunstroke. Ile was very willing to pay for thc damage ho had done. Tile Police Magistrate asked whether the prisoner had been very violent with his family. Souior-sergeunt Bowen said Cox had behaved like a madman, and his family were afraid he would commit murder. There was nothing known against the prisoner here-he had been in Rockhampton three yearn-but it was staled on good authority that in Knglund he had re ceivcdtwelvemouths'iiuprisonnientfor assault- ing Iiis wife, and another six ninnihs for throw ?ugachild of his down a well. Mrs. Cox,who appeared with two bad black eyes, thc result of lier husband's brutality thc previous night, said BIIG was afraid to live with him again. He was very cruel when ho drank, and bc was always drinking. She would never live with him again. Thu Police Magistrate lined tho prisoner '¿Os. or seven days for being drunk ; 20s. or seven days for the obscene lan- guage ; and 20s. for ihc destruction of pro- perty, with £3 ila value, or a mouths' imprisonment. The prisoner said he could pay if time were allowed. Thc I'olicc Magie trat« saíil tho money would have to he paid forthwith. Prisoner appealed to his wifo to get the money for him, but she point blank refused, saying ho liad treated her cruelly, and now sho was done with him. Cox was then roinovcd in custody. The Mayor roceivod a requisition yester- day, signed hy tho bank managers, and tho representatives of tho leading mercantile houses, asking him to request thc Colonial Secretary to gazette Saturday, thc 27th of December, as a public holiday, and so enable places of husinoss ta have an unbroken holi- day from tho Thursday till thc Monday. On its receipt thc Mayor sent a telegram to tho Minister, to which no answer has as yet been roceived. A home paper says about a gentleman who visited Rockhampton some time ago : " Mr. Luscombe Search, author and composer of "Thc Mack Rover,' now running at thc London Globe Theatre, and also of the opera ' Estrella,' never received a lesson in music in his life. With thc aid of books bc taught himself music and thc piano, and then he taught others. Mr. Searcll is also thc author of a metaphysical poem in blank verse, 1 Thc Dawn of Death." It will bc remembered that meetings of settlors were hold at Mr. James Crook's resi- dence, Deep Creek, and Morinish a few months ago for the purpose of urging tho Government to bring tho coastal railway northwards from Gladstone through tho Agricultural Reserve, thence on to St. Lawrence and Mackay, and it was decided a petition should bc prepared for signature in tho district. On inquiry wc learn that since thc meetings nothing has been done in thc matter. Who is to blaine for this neglect it is hard to say ; but it is cvidcntly tho old story-what is cvorybody's business is no ono's. We hope, however, that now thc question has bec» brought forward again, the leaders in thc movement will take action. A serious accident befel Mrs. Pattison, wife of Mr. Joseph Pattison, solicitor, about five o'clock yesterday afternoon, in D°uham strcet, between Bolsover and Ka st Streets. Mrs. Pattison was riding thc racehorse liutchor Boy. In Bolsovcr-strcct the animal became restive, and after turning the corner into Dcuham-strcct swerved to the right, and ran on to the footpath opposite Dr. Voss's residence. Tho way was slippery, and it fell, rolling over on its side, with Mrs. Pattison underneath. Mrs. Pattison was picked up immediately by a friend who ac- companied her, and Dr. Macdonald sent for. She was then taken home, and attended to by Drs. Macdonald and Stuart. An examina- tion showed that the left leg had been broken just below thc knee, while on thc head there was a slight scalp wound. Thc bone was set in thc course of tho evening, and at a late hour the sufferer was progressing very favour- ably. Much sympathy is felt for Mrs. Patti- son in her mishap. A meeting of the Rockhampton Fire Brigado Board was held yesterday ut the offices of the Secretary (Mr. R. L. Dibdin.) [ There were present :-The Mayor (Mr. T. K. Higson) in the chair, and Messrs. T. Kelly, W. G. Thompson, G. W. Greenish, and R. M. Hunter. Tile Secretary and the Brigado Superintendent (Mr. J. Wakefield) werc~also in attendance. The minutes of thc lost meeting were read and confirmed. A letter was received from Mrs. J. Ferguson, inti- mating that she had forwarded, for thc use of thc Brigade, an ambulance stretcher and carrying chair. The Secretary was in- structed to acknowledge receipt of thc dona- tion with thankB. Tho Superintendent handod in his usual report, in which he stated that tile plant was in good order, all that was required being some fresh hose. There had been one fire only since his last report. That was on thc morning of thc 12th instant, at tho premises of Messrs. Barry and Cn. ; thc members of thc Brigade turned out, but their services were not needed. " We have met for practice regularly," he added, " and I feel confident that the members will give a good account of themselves should occasion require." He also drew attention lo his report of the 17th of January last, in which he recommended that a fire escape should lie Ímrchascd in place of tho old hooks and adders, which had completely perished and were not at all safe, aud suggested thc advisableness of liaviug a larger bell erected at thc Central Station and re-erecting the old one nt some suitable place at the south- eastern end of the town. Thc report was received, and it was decidod to defer con- sideration of the matters referred to therein until tho appointment of the new Board. Thc pay-shoet, amounting to £51 18s. Sd., and tlie wages-sheet, amounting to £52 15s., were ordered to lie paid, and £10 were donated to thc Brigade towards defraying thc expenses of the anniversary picnic. Tho Secretary reported that after ail moneys due had boen paid there would still be a credit balance in tho bank of £250. It was decided to request Messrs. R. Foulkes and A. S. Tompson to act as auditors. This concluded thc business of thc meeting. Telegrams have repeatedly appeared in our columns nf late reporting plagues of grass- hoppers and locusts in various parts of Aus- tralia. It would seem that Rockhampton is not to he left unvisited by these pests, for large numbers have recently appeared, even in thc streets, and in some cases wc hear that considerable damage lias boen done to the fruit gardens. Still, the plague-if it is so had as to call forth that name-is not so grievous as elsewhere, even in tho Central Division. At Winton, for instance, tho local paper states that myriads of grasshoppers Lave been on thc warpath during thc week, travelling in a north-west direc- tion, and Hint they must have proved a source of great annoyance and loss to pastoralists. At Riverina, one of thc most favoured agri- cultural districts of New South Wales, thc havoc from thc same source has been immense. A writer in the Jliccriiia Grazier says : " Vines with healthy leaves broad as a man's hand have been eaten, und only green whiphandles arc left. Fruit trees have been bereft of foliage, and now look the ghosts of their former selves. Vegetables of all kinds, cabbages, lettuce, carrots, parsnips, green peas, flowers, and even beds of pungent onions, have disappeared. One gentleman, Mr. Hillman, saved bis vines by placing sheets of iron all round. Thc vast urmy of locusts coming up dashed themselves against this barricade, which sounded aa if dry peas had been pelted at thc iron. Another, Mr. Pearce, took the precaution to fence his garden with calico, then bestrewing rags saturated with kerosene around, which being lit served to give the dense inu9s thu wheel about, causing them to hop olí quicker than they carno. Those who have crops to cul aro at it with all their might and main beforo tho pest relieves them of thc trouble. Some crops will hardly bo worth cutting after this visitation. Early thc other morning I saw a crop of wheat with fine cars, and every car was black with locusts. Wiudow blinds, curtains, and clothes have had to be taken down out of reach of the devourers, which swarm into every room and corner. Ulinda are perforated and mos- quito curtains riddled liko a cullender. I walked along for two miles thc oilier day, and thc ground was alive all the way ; every step carno down on dozens, so very thick were they. A gcntlcmnn from the Lachlan in- formed mo that thoir onward march was stayed hy the river, and for a chain breadth an thc left bank their density battled descrip- tion, being several inches thick, and they could be scooped up in bucketfuls. Around here several WCIIB have got polluted with them ; they came so suddenly and in such swarms thal people were taken by surprise, nor could ono guess they would have leaped into thc wells in such millions. Their dead bodies emit a most repugnant stench too, and the wells must bo emptied oro the water may bo used," Local merchants might take notice that a homo paper says:-The latest novelty in tho willow-ware business is a honeymoon basket, also known as tho wedding basket, but in realty best suited for a camping, hunting, or picnic party. It is a miracle of compactness and convenience, a complete outfit for a tea being packed in tho smallest compass that one could imagine for the reception of four cups and saucers, four plates, a caddy and com- partments for cream, sugar, biscuits, knives, forks and spoons, besides a kettle and spirit lamp. The kettle and ail thc fittings aro made of lacquored brass, and the rest of the furniture of white metal lined with gilt. Thread-like jets extend from the lamp by means of which thc kettle eau bc kept bolling hot. His Honour Mr. Justice Harding hos been relating to an interviewer in brisbane an account of his proceedings in tho old country while on a visit there recently. He said "On eovcral occasions, at thc invitation of Sir James Cockle, I dined and spent the evening at the Savage Club. There again I found Queensland in the ascendency, as the president when he calls thc company to uttai tion and says " You may smoke," uses a Queensland "nulla-nulla as a "gavel." Amongst thc social gatherings at which I was present one was especially well carried out. That was an entertainment given by Mr. D'Arcy, of Mount Morgan fame, who, by tho way, occupies one of the largest houses in St. Jamcs's-siiuarc, und also owns a very fine country residence, which, however, I was unable to visit. In pursuance of his invita- tion, myself and others of my party assembled on Derby Day at the railway station, where we were joined by Mr. and Mrs. D'Arcy and their other guests, to tho number of upwards nf 100. Several railway carriages had been reserved for us, and when wo arrived at Epsom we found enough landaus awaiting us to convoy the entire party to thc course. Wc were set down immediately opposite the grand stand, where Mr. D'Arcy had a private en- closure. In th¡B enclosure there was erected a immature stand, and back of it a gigantic marquee. We newed tho race from thc stand, and afterwards partook of a sumptous repast, served in tho tent under thc auspices of Gunter's establishment. The table was deco- rated with cold and silver plate and flowers as if it hail been a set dinner at a private houso ; every delicacy that was in season was on the table, and every possible requirement of thc guests throughout the day was supplied with the utmost liberality." j CADnnnv's COCOA.- "A light, refreshing, and digestible beverage - absolutely pur Cocoa of tho highest quality."-Medical Annual, 1890.-ADVT. It is wiso to provide against emergencies which are liable to arise in every family. In sudden attacks of cold, croup, asthma, etc., a bottle of Ayer's Cherry Pectoral will prove a never-failing remedy.-Ami. Hardy's No. 1 Claret-the Best Australian Wino.-ADVT. Hardy's Angaston Port. Very strengthening for Invalids.-ADVT. Hardy's Adelaide Wines. The best drink in Queensland.-ADVT. CADBDEV'S COCOA.-" A Cocoa possessing valuable flesh-forming qualities, and imparting strength and staying power."-Health-ADVT Marriage a failure without Lahcy's Arrow- root.-ADVT. The latest rage down Brisbane way is to take Lahcy's Unrivalled Arrowroot.-ADVT. 