The Haunted Husband; OR LADY CHETWYND'S SPECTRE. Bt Mrs. Harriet Lkwib. CHAPTER XVIt— (rmifimm!.) BAGRE AND UER VICTIM. Her objeel si thus rrm«inii-g oh at tlic Pork she did not know herself. She only fell thai she cciilil tint go. She woe bound bj an oath, which she wns too religions not to hold sncroi, not to reveol the fact thnl she lived to \wr hneband, except with Gilbert Monk's consent. He hail had re fused thnt consent ; mul, indeed, slie would not now have nEk.il for it. «he had no wish to return from the (irnve ninvoleomcd. She licliered Hint nil mnimimglor her wns pnsi, that her place was fill.nl, mid that 6he was forgotten. She would not return to claim n |ilnce in which another had been installed. She only wished that she linil died.. She Imd borne the closeness and dingi ? ness of her gnnet until a longing Imd come over her to inhale ngain the fresh nir and to wnllt in the park. Slio -vas troak Crom want of rxrrcw, anil on Iliis niplil liad robed liem-lf in her viliito Imrial ro!-r, as umnitpr of precaution iipsiinst detection, and had thrown obuiil her her blaek clonk, and bad stolen out into tie park nnsren by any of Ihe inmates of the house. Ar rived in the park, and finding the nir mild she had flung aside her cloak, and uus carrying it on her arm. If Chilwjnd's sensation at beholding her was one of rnpinre, hers was one of tenor. She trembled in lii-r fear of dis cover}'. Tli'ev regarded enrli other for some moments in a slrungc silence. Clu't vjnd's lircnlli came linivy and |nnlingl.v. His eyes were wild :md starting. Sud denly, without a word or cry, he Imped forward and ran toward her headlong. Bernicc relreatid belore him in instinc tive flight. He pursued. Blu- could almost hear his frenzied brca;liing. He came on with a swift null, as if )-e Hiram to seize her whether she were human or spirit. Bho turned into the wide avenue and fled like a deer. She would not be taken. Turning into an obscure path near at hand, she caught up her Jr. si and flung around her her black clonk. Then she halted behind a tree, concealing herself. Ohetwynrl went by along the path swiftly in n blind pursuit. lie had lost sight of tlic glorious vision, but be prarei) to see it ngain — only once again. Bernicc listened until the sounlofhis Ircnd had dird nwny in Ihe distance. Mic was panting and friglitenci1, wild eyed and trembling. She crept lonh from her con cealment and entered the pnrk again. She did not ghnue behind her, else she would have seen ihe tnll, shadowy figure of the old East Indian woman 'stalking silently -in (lie (Jink bonier of tlie path. But Ku^ee saw her and knew her. And cnddcnlr, as Bernice stole along the lonely path — L'lietnynd fnr bejoml hearing — the old woman launched heivclf forward in a swift ponther spring, and hurled herself upon Bernice, bearing her to the earth in the violence of her onslan^bt. ' I've got you at last, ham I ?' hissed the witch-like old womnn, l.ol ling die girl in her iron grip. 'Ami now, if you please, we'll conic to a settlement.' The suddenness of the old Eafct Indian woman's attack upon her for an instant paralysed the yonng Marchioness of diet nynd, but she did not faint nor shriek. The moment her briel stupefaction began to clear nwny, she turned upon her assai lant, fighting like a little tigress. She wa6 in a pnnic of mortal terror, and she strnck ont blindly, with all the energy of an nlttr desperation. She speedily discovered that she was lint us a child in Ilic iron pras,. of her assailant. Ragee's muscles were of steel. A desperate fury animated the Hindoo woman. She had the advantage also, not having relaxed her first hold on Bernice, and the girl panting and hrenthess, wild eyed ami trembling stood siill at last, and looked uver her shoulder nt her army with a wilu and horrified gaze. ' Who is it ? ' Iieruice whispered, panlinff. ' It is I — old Kngee,' hissed the Hindoo woman in the girl's ears. The expression in Bernice's eyes dee pened into amazement and terror, blie made another vain cfl'nrt to free herself. Then she whispered : ' What do you want of me? What is the meaning of this assault 7' ' Perhaps you think I don't know yon,' gold the Hindoo woman, tauntingly. ? It was I Tvho dragged the shawl from jour shoulders that night in the great house. I knew yon,' and lier tones grew fierce and liatcfnl. 'I know you, my lady. You were ' supposed to have died ; yon lay in state in your burial robes for six days ; ... you were buried in the Chetwynd vault. .._ An9 yet here yon are olive ! It is you, T' »ird none other! It is yon, and not a . , ghost - It is. yon in the flesh, alive, sU*.ng, well. ' How happens this, that 1 ?? ??.-,- you lire who have been mourned as dead ?' :- ???.?*-'.' The fierce, vindictive ,»j'ojce failed to _??'. ? kindle a spark of anger mSfrmce's breast. ' : , , Her heart throbbed I$trp% keen paiu. :- ... .Uliewas lx- wildered, ' ilifczj; and still ?,:/,V ? :J.' trembling.- JBhe did not answer. . „,-.:«*?_ .j! -SV- 'Bjicalt!' cried the Hindoo woman, ?..-? ??**?-?- tibalting ber. 'Do you i3ofiy that you are ^ ;;i j,;|A«li-- Marchioness of ClietwySa ?'..?:' . ' ; sj': ;' Bi'niice's oath prevented her declaring : .Lv..; 'Aer ' Hpiitity. Not even: to old Bagee ? ' ! V J''-^™1''' 8nu confess licreelf ? the Marcbipnras * :C'.'.;j»it,Ghctwynd. : ?''. '. '.',' ', ' - ' jjk '^'v ^?fiPe'k ?' reiterated the old woman. £'¥&%ipwVi)-r I will drag yon up to the great ~ ?/^?li.iiw, olid into my lord's presence.' y:.r?ll-K«1| lio? cried Bernice. ? I will not go tlirei What do yuu want of me ?' 'Von acknowledge that you me La ly I |jk. Chulivyiul ':' I ' No,' snid Bfiniee, ' I cannot acknow ledge thai I qin Lady Chelwynd.' ' It isn't necessary. 1 know yon. Who rescued yon from your coffin 7 Wns it Gilbert Monk? What wns the matter w;lh you in yonr illness ? How come he to rescue you ?' ' Why do yon ask me all these qnes tious V asked Bernice. ' 1 cannot answer them. Let me go. Let me go, I suy.' ' By no means. I haven't begnn to speak to yon yet. We are likely to be in terrupted here,' said Iiagee. ' Come with me. Do not hang hack. I shall not hurt yon.' She grasped Bernice's arm yet more tightly and hurried her forward with swift impatience. Th»y plunged into portions of the park which BerinVc had never visited. And at last they came ont upon the border of a lovely little lake, formerly much used in winter by (he Chelwynds nndthcirgucsts as a skating pond. The lake wns lower than the surface of the park, and wns enclosed by high banks, which were covered with stntcly trees. The borders of the lake were in shadow, hut its centre lay in the full sheen of the moon light, ana looKod liKe some- great pellucid pearl. There was upon one hank of the lake n small overhanging chalet of the Swiss order -if architecture, which has been built for the use of skaters in winter. Its lower ftory opened dinclly from the lake, and was warmed in time of use by a little German porcelain stove. Its upper story, reached upon the landward side by a flight of stairs, was provided n iih a great wide bniinny across its entire front, where spectators bad been wont to sit and view the skaters. The upper room of the chalet was com pletely furnished, and was usually kept locked. Old lt.ngec had lately supplied hcrHf willi the keys of the building, with a view to her present nsc of it. bhe half ltd, half dragged her victim up the Ioiijt, airy flight of onteide slnrrs to the upper balcony of the chalet. The roof wns wide and projecting, and the balcony lay in deep shadow. The Hindoo hurried Bernice along in the glomn to the door that gave upon the upper room, and then halted. There were rustic chairs and sofas in profusion upon the wide balcony. Kagce seated her rapiire npon a sofa and sat down beside her, keeping a close hold npon her. They were npon the water side of the building, and Ihe entire structure concealed Ihii)) from view from the direction whence they had come. The lake lay before them, nn.1 was under tbjir very balcony, and beyond were the dark and wooded shores also belonging to the park. Rngee shot a keen glance into tlic.se distant shndows, and then, cominced that in the deep shade of the overhanging room she conld not be seen even from the lake, she turned again to Iiit ycttiig captive. ' We are alone,' she soM, in a voice that thrilled Iieruice with a 6lrange terror. ; A'one, my lady ! Do yon comprehend ?' ' Vi-s/ faltered Bernice. ' We are alone-' ' Are yon afraid ?' ' No. Why should I he 7 Bnl it is all so sirange. Let me go, Ragee. Oh, let n.e go !' ' There, you hnve confessed in the utter ance of niy name, that yon arc Lady Clietnynd. Now I ask yon ngain, anil I ask it for the last time, what was the matter with yon in yonr illness ?' She sli nek a taper, which she drew from a box in her pocket, and the light to the girl's face. The face was very pale from emotion and weariness, but there was a brave and dannlless light upon it, that cminnted from a brave and dauntless soi.l. And though Bernice, as before, re fused to answer ihe question, the old Hindoo woman searched her leatures in vain for any knowledge of the wicked ali--mpts upon her ladyship's life. It was cvidert that Monk bad not betrayed to her his sister's guilt. ' If yon were to ask roe these questions all nialit,1 said Bernice, ' I still conld not answer you. You are wasting time on me.' Something of the Irnlh began to draw on the mind of the astute Indian woman. She began to prcceive that Bern ice wns f. tiered l.y some promise given to Gilbert tlmib. Evidently he was keeping the girl secluded Tor n purpose. Did ho mean trcni-hery to bis sister ? 1 1 suppose,' Rngee said ronghly, ' that you are bound by some oath, my ladv. What arc yon doing at Chelwynd Pnrk playing ghost 7 Yon have changed, grown beautiful, too, I suppose; but what will yorr beauty avail you ? Perhaps you yon think (o win back yoni former hus band 7 Yon might as well tiy to win hack yonr lost babyhood.' The light of Ihe taper flickered and went out, and the two were again in the shadow. The Hindoo woman couhl not 6ee how her words affected her hearer, anil went on harshly : ? Lord Chelwynd is greatly annoyed at the appearance of your supposed apparition. He threatens to leave the Pnrk if he is further haunted. And it is natural that it should be bo,' continued the old Hindoo woman, with a fierce inlonotion. ' When people die, they shonld slay dead. The must violent grief will wcai away, and the mourners fill the dead one's place with a new love, and tbe re.tnnijof the dead to life would prove most awkward 'and embarrassing. 1 am sorry for yon, my lady.hnt -for the sake of others I must tell yon the truth. Lord Uhetwyiid. don't want yon lapk. ,Hc is. huppy with his first love, and; she ndores liiin. You will come back lo Ihe home slim yon have long since ceased to lie missed, and where yon are not wanted. Your return to life nnd Jipnic will cieolc tnpro misery than ypnr supposed '4cpl.li.* '.- livery wind of this speeclnpfirced to Bi'miucV very eonl,'yct slifaid not cry or moan. Tbe words were-but a rcpelilion .if iliose with which -Gilbert, Monk hno1 so ii nelly stnbl-«1 her. itTiaB nsho had said — lwT plncc was filled, and tlhe -v«6 for gotten. ? I The girl arose- Ragec loosening her grip upon her — dud walked unsteadily up the low railing of the balcony anil leaned upon it. She was too weak to attempl escape. The old womnn watched her some mo ments with a singular gleam in lier eyes, and a look of hatred so intense that it was edd the girl could not feel it. Then Ragec rose silently and crept across tiie balcony toward the girl till she arrived within some three or four feet of her. And then, with the bound of n wild bensl, and an inarticu late cry on her lips, she hurled herself for ward npon the slender grrl, caught her up in her arms, and flung licr over the bnlcony into the waters of the lakp. Bernice's scream and her splash in the cold water were simnllaneons. Old Rngee leaned upon the balcony, and looked over in the darkness. She was not prepared for ihe sight that met her eyes. Bern ice mis striking ont with one arm feebly, bnt with the skill of a swimmer, for a distant point of the shore. The girl's instinct warned her to avoid the banks adjacent to tbe chalet, where her enemy would be likely to prevent her lauding. The old woman muttered a curse in her native tongne. ' She can swim like a fish,' she mut tered. ' I bad forgotten that she was taught lo row and suini and soil a boat at St. Kilda. She strikes ont for the deeper water. She seems to land at that jnnglc-likc point .yonder. What courage ! 'What coolness f She'll outwit me yet. Ah, she begins to flnpr. She nses liut one arm in swimming. Why is that ? She must have struck Ihe other on that pilu of stones just under the surface of the water. Perhaps her arm is broken. She stops. She is hurt, or chilled, or has a cramp ! ' She was right. Bcrnicc hail ceased to exert herself. She flonti'd on the nalcr as i) helpless, and then threw up one arm wildly. The next moment, with a wild scream, she sank slowiy in the dark waters which closed above her. ' Bhe is drowned ! ' muttered the Hindoo woman, with a jubilant laugh. ' I'll come to look Tor her body in the morning, and every dny until I find it. No one must \- ver know thnt she came back to life. I rather think, Mr. Gilbert Monk, that I have frustrated yonr schemes. The ghost of Cbetywnd Park is laid, and my Missy will be Lady Chetwynd, with no one to molest her. We'll see how my lady will raise from her grave the seeond lime.' With a horrible laugh on her shrivelled lips, the old Hindoo woman (lilted down the steps of the balcony and plunged into the shadows of the pnrk, Inkinp n borai ward direction, and leaving Bernice to her fate ! CHAPTER XVIII. DEPAIlTDnE NECESSARY. We will now return to Lord Chctwyn.l, whom we left flying through Uhetoynd Park in pursuit of the supposed sjieclre of his lost yonng bride. When Bernice bad turned aside into a yet more oliscnro palb, Ihe yooni; marqnis d shed on in ihe wider avenue, unconscious thnt she had changed herennrge, nndsoon left her far behind, as we have narrated. His progress was toward the great Itonse ; and when at length he slackened his speed, with the conviction that tbe apparition had indeed vanished, be wns in the edge of tbe park, upon the very border of the wooded lawn. He halted a moment in indecision and bewilderment. And ji'st then Gilbert Moult enmcacross the lawn nith a 5 wilt stride, and ap proached him. Lord Chol»yiu-, in his excitement nnd agilntion shrank back into the shadow, not raring to be Been; but Monk had caught a glimpse of the ontlincs of his dark figure, nnd called to him softly, and in a suppressed voice : ' Hallo, there ! Is it yon, Flack 1 I've tracked my game into tbe park. We must look lively— Ah ! — ibe devil ? Is it-yon, my lorJ 7' His swift stride had brought him close to the marquis. He recoiled in horror as he recognised his lordship, and grew deadly pale lest he had betrayed himself. Bnl the inarqniu had scarcely heard Monk's singular address, and had certainly given no heed to it. He was alisorlicd in his own bewildering experience, ami had no thought save for that. ' Have yon m-cn. anything — anboily — coming this w«y, Aloiik'?' asked his lord ship. ' Not a soul, my lord,' answered Monk, cugerly. ' Are you looking for some one V ? ' Yes— no. It must hate been my imnginxlion — no, I swear it was not that. I cannot explain or undcrslHnd it, but I saw her again bnt now, Gilbert, in the park !' ' ? '? '? ?. ' Her— Bernice 7 Impossible, ray lord. You most hare seen one of tlio house mniils coining from » Iryst — ' ' What ! Do I not know every feature of the face that has lnin so often in my bosom ? — the face that is graven on niy very soul ? I tell yon I sow her, Moult, bhe flitted on before me and vanished into tlio shadows.' - ' Where did you seo the lnncie-1 sceptre 7' ' In the Little Beech Walk, just out of the Beech Avenne.' ' I'll Inlce a.ron in that direction jiiet lo satisfy you, Chetwynd, that the appear ance was that of a houxcnimd, or else n hallucination. Yon should get into the 'house immediately and sit by the fire, Chetwynd. Let Sylvia dose yon a little. I nm persuaded that yon are not well.' ? Without waiting for a reponse, Gilbert Monk turned away abruptly and hurried to :ilie Little Beecli Walk and to its junc tion 'with the Beech Avenne — two well known points in the. extensive mill well kept park.' Ho followed the Walk lo its jo .ctiph'iwilh* the narrower 'and: obscure path iutn-hjoli JJeniice haiUnrned. Hu J)siisei3 4rero;;Jivjih'1a;«ouvii.lipn Hint Bcr^ liiee Knd -plunjied ;into ? tliU jjmiIi. So KtronKWUsbisiouvictinn tllut lio struck a inisee, and hy^is; light* examined narrowly the shadowed. Jinth into which Lut few ' beams of iiiuuiiligbl pmclulud. His feeen eyes speedily discovered traces of the struggle between the old'Uindoo woman and Bernice. 'lsee,' ho muttered. 'She has been here — and so has someone else. There are marks of a struggle. Flack must have seen nnd captured her. That's it. She is in Flack's hands. But where has be taken her? He has probably taken her lo the skaters' chalet by the Wide Waters. He has keys to the chalet, which I procured from him. Yes he has gone there.' Without an instant's further delay ho flung his burned out fnsce upon the ground, and struck out through the park by a short cut toward the shatcrs' chalet. As he neared his destination, a wild scream — that uttered by Bernice as ehe fell into the lake irom the balcony of the chalet, when hurled over the parapet by the old Hindoo woman — smote his bear He quickened his speed into a run, muttering : ' Curse that dolt 1 Why does he let her yell like that ? Does he mean to let her arouse tbe conntry ? Cbetwynd may be behind me, for anght I know. Why doesn't Flack gag the girl ?' He almost flew along tbe path in his engrrness to reach the scene, his ears strained to catch the sound of voices or-a repetition of the scream. He saw nothing in his pathway — lieord nothing. But suddenly— so snddenly as to de prive him of his breath — became in abrupt and forcible contact with a person running in the opposite direction. This person wns old Rngee. The collision was equally un expected to h-r, and hurled her to the ground half senseless. Monk caught his breath and put his hand to his chest, against which the old Hindoo woman's head bad bounded as if projected from a catapult. He believed that the partially stiiuncd creature at his feet was Bernice, who had escaped from Flack. He bent over tlie prostrate figure, and the old woman made an effort to arise. ' Bernice,' said Monk, in a gasping voice, ' are yon hurl ? Good Heaven !' A stray beam of moonlight fell upon the dull red turban nnd dusky visage of the old Hindoo ayah, revealinghcr identity most unmistakably. He stood as if para liscd, as she slowly rose to her feet mouu ini- feebly. ' What are yru doing here, and at this boor ?' demanded Monk. ' Wlmt arc yon after, Eagee V The old woman unclosed her lips to make response, but at that instant came ngain the shrill, frightened scream of a woman in mortal peril. Monk waited lo ask no qnestione. He comprehended that Bernicc was in danger. He swept the cowering old Hindoo woman from his pntli «iih one povcrlnl arm, and bounded on toward the borders of the lake. He gained the bank. He directed one kenn, sweeping glance at the chalet, and then scanned the lake, npon whose su-face save at the shadowed borders under the trees, lay the broad sheen of the pale moon Uht. Ah ! what was that ? A dusky head in the bright skimmer of the moonbeams ? A human head bobbing like a cork npon the waters 7 It rose— it fell ! And now a low, shuddering cry came from it. And mm it begun lo sink slowly ruder the shimmering Balers ! Monk did not wait to reason, or to think how Bernice. came lo be in the lake, and so far ont. He saw that she was there, and pulled off his boots and com ami plunged into the lake, striking ont and making toward her with the skill and swiftness of a strong and powerful swim mer. He was soon at her side. Her eyes were staring. She looked like one dead. He drew her to him wiih one arm and struck out for the little submerged pier under the chalet. He gained the pier and climbed npon it, still holding his burden, lightly, lie waded along the pier to tlie lower cud of tlic chalet, in the shadow of tlic wide pro jecting balcony overhead. He produced keys from his pocket and unlocked the door, and entered the lower room of the chalet. He staggered across the room with his burden and laid her down npon the sofa in the darkness. Then he secured the door and struck a fusee. By its light he ob tained from' a corner closet a lantern, which he lighted. He turned the light of this lantern full upon the face of the half drowned girl. ' She looks like dead,' lie muttered. ' If she is dead, my gome is nu ! My fortunes hang on her life I' (To be continued.) 