"HOW I AWOKE IN HELL." LEAVES FROM A DEAD MAN'S DIARY. The anonymous dead man, writes our London correspondent, who commenced his phenomenal reminiscences in the February number of Lippincotts, gets to serious business In the next line, When be fint returned to life the aabject seemed too solemn to tarn to account for .copy, and each of the several yean which have elapsed since he died have taken away some part of the recollections. He asserts, however, that his reminiscences, vague and fragmentary as they are, have been acrnpnlonaly kept within tie aeon rate limits of his recollection. He|hts never filled In a mtalng outline, bnt has given the pletnre exactly as he Bees It. Besoming his narrative be tails tv that although he-remained in the spirit realm only two days, It seemed to him weeksand months and yean since his real death, and the honr hy becai?e conscious of that death. THE VISIOK OF MV PAST tIFE Whether my death was succeeded by a seaaoa of slumber, In which certain ap pointed and divinely•ordered dreams were caused to be dreamed by me, or whether God caused tin bands on the dial of Time to be pot back for a space In order that I might see the past as He sees Ik, I neither knew nor know, botf I distinctly remember that the fint thing of which I waa oon sdons after my dissolution was that the events of my part life were rising before me. * Yes, It was my past life which I saw in thai awful moment, my pass life etand- Ing oat In Its own naked and Intolerable horror, an abomination in the sight of God and of my a/hkt conscience. The hands* an the dial of Time went back half a score, a score, and finally a score and a half of yean, and ones more I wa? • young manof2L. The chambers in which I was then living were situated In one of the well-known Inna cfl Holbom, and the housekeeper of th?-wfag where I was quartered was a. widow, who, with her daughter Dorothy, a girl of 17, resided on the premises. The tragedy of poor Dorothy can be imagined without being told. Bath were young, impressionable, and opportunity was not lacking for an acquaintance which a thunderstorm ripened In a moment Into ungovernable rysrlon She ocsupied die room over his chamber, and after long straggling with temptation he fell. My passion had but atmnlated defeat, as passion often doea, la order that It might tun In an nngnariad moment, and rend me with redoubled fury. The next moment I saw my last gasping effort to will what waa right and true sink amid the tempestuous.sea of sinful wishes, as a drowning man smks after he has risen for the third time * and deliberately *hrn?t-,lng away, In the very doggedness of despair, the invisible hand which yet strove to stay me, I rose and sought the room which I bad prayed I might never enter. MY FQtST CLDtrSE OF HEIX. You may wonder perhaps how It la that I am able to recall so vividly the circumstances of an event which hap pened many yean ago. Yon would cease so to wonder had you Bean, as I have seen, the ghost of your dead self rise up to cry fcr vengeance against you, and to condemn you before the judgment-seat of God and of your own conscience. For this was my first glimpse of hell; this was my day of judgment. The recording angel of my own Indestructible and now God awakened memory showed me my past life as God saw it, and as it appeared when robbed of the loathsome disguises with which I had so long contrived to hide my own moral nakedness. WHAT KEErs iIEIX HELL. The one thing of all others which added to the unutterable horror of that moment was the memory of the false and lying excuses with which 1 had striven to pal liate my sin to myself. This is the way In which I had re peatedly striven to silence my conscience, and it Is but one Instance of the way In which many others on this earth are now striving to silence theirs. "For God's sake," 1 would say to them, " beware !" Such hardening of the heart against the Holy Spirit, such God-murdering (for It u> the wish to kill God and to alienee His voice for ever) Is the one unpardonable am which Is a thousandfold more awfal In its consequences than is the crime which it seeks to conceal. It was the foulest stain on the soul of him who hung by the djing Saviour ; and it Is, I believe, at this moment the one and only thing which still keeps hell hell and Satan Satan. TUZ AGONY OF XH£ DAMJSED. I remember that when the realisation of what 1 waa, and what I had done, was first borne In upon me, I fell to theground and writhed in convulsive agony. The tortures of a material hell— of a thousand material hells—l would have endured with joyfulnes? could such tortures have drowned for one moment the thought agony that tore me. liere physical suffer* tog in which, though It were powerless to expiate, I could at least participate by en during, I wouid have welcomed with de lirious gladness, but of each relief or diversion of thought there was none. To annihilation, had such been then within my reach, I would have fought my way through a thousand devils. But In hell there is no escape. I remember that I rote up In my despair, and stretching vain bands to the impotent heavens, shrieked out as only one can shriek who Is torn by hell-torture and despair I fell to the ground and writhed and foamed In convulsive and bloody agony. But not thus could I rid myself of the sights of hell, nor could mere physical pain wipe out from my brain the picture of the ruin I had wrought, and then—bnt no, I am tick, lam 111, I am fainting, I cannot, I cannot write more. 