Amusements. Theatre Beyal. ' THE " Irish Detective " was repeated last night before a crowded audience, many people being quite unable to obtain entrance to the popular parts of the house. The drama was evidently written to give one man all the show, the plot being in in itself as lively as would be a perfor- mance of Hamlet sans the ghost and the Prince of Denmark. ? It is only fair to say that Mr. Biggs, in his seven character«, is an actor of no ordinary kind." His rapid changes as a detective unravelling the mysteries of a terrible crime are really excellent, and if the whole of the remaining characters were struck out of the piece altogether, Mr. Riggs would still be deserving of support, if only on account of his ability in taking so many different parts and per- forming each so well. Messrs. George Dean, F. C. Appleton, and 0. Seagrave, in the parts of William Hoyt, Richard Stockton, and Johnny Lemons, respec- tively, did everything in , their power towards tho success of the piece, while among the ladies the Misses Emma Bronton, Maud Appleton, and Lillie Clitherow, whose parts were ably sus- tained and carefully played are deserving of praise. But the centre of the attrac- tion of the drama, as its name suggests, is undoubtedly the Irish detective, whose final triumph in arresting the villainous doctor, whose time appeared to be taken up in getting suitable victims into his power, and putting them out of the way in his dungeon-like cellar downstairs, was admirably calculated te bring the house down, and the truth of this was testified to last night by the audience,who applauded the actors to the echo, and grasped the many points in a way that clearly proves the blood bound masses for the sensational. To-morrow night the emotional drama, "The Shadows of a Great City" will be pro- duced. Look out for th« BARRIER MIXER on Friday next. Fresh tenders are called for additions to the Broken Hill courthouse. The present libel law affecting news- papers is 110 years old. Just old enough to die. The sum of £9,238 Us. 5d. was paid by Sydney newspapers in the year 18S9 for press wires. Tho world's production of silver has increased from 73,746,0Ö0oz. in 1878 to 126,000,000oz. in 1889. The Kev. T. Piper will lecture at the Bible Christian Church to-morrow evening on " A Trip to the Sun, and what is to be seen there." Look out for the BARRIER MIMER on Friday next. The A.M. A. consider it only right that the working men should ha/e a represen- tative on the hospital committee. And so say all of us. Violet Fitzpatrick, who, not having sufficient raiment to appear in public, was remanded yesterday on a charge of drunkenness, was fined £1 or seven days at the Police Court this morning. Mr. Gannon has been selected by the National Protectionist Association, and Mr. C. B. Teece, brother of the late member, by the Freetrade Association, to contest the vacancy in Goulbourn. The Postmaster-General's portrait, in oils, was unveiled, on Friday last in the telegraph operators' new. room at the General Post-office, Sydney. The genial Dan is very vain, but not at air a bad fellow-when you know him. Mr. Sleath spoke some home truths about that exclusive clique, the hospital com- mittee, at the meeting of the Broken Hill branch last night. The MINER has more than once given them hints which they have not had the sense to take; hence their present deplorable financial position. Look out for the BARRIER MINER on Friday next. Smith's Pile Ointment give» immediate relief and speedy cure. A positive cure for blind mucous, bleeding, or external piles. Prepared and sold only by Arthur Smith, pharmaceutical chemist (hy cxanu nation), Argent-street. 