MR. BORCHGREVINK'S NARRATIVE. Most people who have been in the Beau- desert district know Mount Lindsay by name, and they may have seen its majestic top in the south-eastern horizon from the town of Beau- desert. The mountain is a basaltic rock rest ing on wild, rongh, and ridgy country. It rises suddenly from steep and narrow spurs with a slope of about 30deg. till, when the rock at the top is reached, the angle becomes about 70deg. The spurs are partly covered with dense scrub, partly with open gum forests. From these spurs the real rook rises with more or less vertical walls to a height of 5711 ft. above the level of the sea. On Saturday, the 5th July, Mr. W. E. Brown (son of Mr. Villiers Brown, of Beaudesert) and I reached the very summit of Mount Lindsay, and we found no mark of a human being having been on the top before. Numberless attempts have been made to reach the top, but all in vain, though many a brave man has risked his neck for the purpose.* Mr. Brown and myself resolved to have a try at scaling this moun tain, and on Thursday, the 3rd July, we * Since writing this Mr. Borchgrevink has keen made aware that Mr.T. Murray-Prior and Mr. P. W. Pears reached the top some years ago. made a start. There were three of us with five horses. Besides provisions for five days, we brought a fly, our sandshoes, and two ropes. The first night we pitched our fly at Tamrookum Creek. It was a cold but beautiful moonlight night. In the gray morning we were in the saddle again, and at 5 o'clock in the evening we pitched our camp at the south-eastern foot of Mount Lindsay. Twilight came on, but we could still see the dark mass of the mighty rock above us. Watery clouds danced like ghosts away up round the summit, and from time to time hid the upper rook from our sight; but after a while the moon rose, and a fresh westerly wind dispersed the clouds. At 10 o'clock the next morning we started. Having lost our best rope, we only brought with us a manilla clothes-line about 25ft. long, a toma hawk, and our sandshoes. Two hours' hard climbing up the scrubby and steep eastern spur brought all three of us safe to the foot of the gigantic rock. High, threatening, and silent, it rose before us, while still higher up a lonely hawk gave voice to a warning cry. Large rocks which had fallen from the top of the mountain were lying round us, and far up from an over hanging rock water poured down and reached the ground in the form of fine misty rain. We passed places where the tracks of men and the poles which they had cut showed that attempts to ascend the mountain had been made before. At about 12 o'clock we reached the place at which we considered it best to attempt the ascent. Onr bags were left, most of our clothes taken off, our sandshoes put on, and Mr. Brown and I, saying " good-bye" to our friend, started on our way upwards. At the height of about 15ft. our struggle began. About 100 ft. above us we saw a sort of green sloping terrace, and the question was—Could we reach it ? Between us and that place there was a straight cliff, but more to our left there was a crack in the rock. Far up in this crack there seemed to be an old vine hanging down. Here we must make the attempt. By great effort we found ourselves at last a considerable distance up this straight cliff. The least crack, the smallest plant, and the tiniest creeper served to help us, and where we could get the chance our rope was fastened. Over our heads a big rock was hanging, and down under us we could only see the tops of the old gray pines. At our left and within reach there was a piece of loose rock, which looked as if it were in the act of falling. There was a clear crack to be seen between the real cliff and this overhanging rock. The rock is about 6ft. high with sharp, thin edges and a convex centre; and on the other side of it we thought there was a chance that we might find a way. Mr. Brown, being the lighter of the two, got on the rock first. When he first clung to it the piece where he took hold gave way, and a stone half as big as my body whistled over my head; only his great presence of mind saved him. Quicker than thought, while sliding down he caught his fingers in a narrow crack, and so supported himself till he got a new hold. Eventually he got over and let down a string. The rope was sent up and made fast, and for the first time since we started we were resting on a place big enough to hold us both. At this resting place we had under us a nearly perpendicular cliff 200 ft. in height. On we went, always up, always higher, but still the top seemed to grow above us. Our arms were cut by rocks and creepers, and I think the creepers must be poisonous, as my bare arms were swollen, and a weakness hitherto unknown to me seemed to come over them. Mr. Brown, whose arms were covered, suffered most in his hands. We struggled on and on; creepers broke under us, and rocks gave way with a dismal noise and dis appeared in the depths below. At last we got a chance to rest, and we threw ourselves down flat on the top of the first cliff. It was about 4 o'clock, and in the short winter day little time was left us; for we had yet the last rock to climb. Should we give it up? We were getting weak, we had nothing to eat, and the darkness might overtake us on the way down. We had few clothes on, and our handkerchiefs wire the only things we had been able to bring with us besides our rope and knife. It appeared to be the wiser course to give up the game, but to that we could not reconcile ourselves, and we decided that we must go on. Under us we had about 250 ft. of precipice, and above us about 100 ft. of almost straight rock. The place where we were sitting seemed like a great gallery erected that this enormous panoramic view which was spread out before us might be seen to the best advantage. The gallery or terrace carries a good black soil, and there is a luxuriant growth of vegetation. We started again. We traversed about three chains of a sloping and narrow ledge along the foot of the upper rock, when we were blocked by a precipice, and had to come back again to a resting place. We went down a little, and shouted to our friend to go to camp, as we might camp on the top if we got there at all. Then we worked our way towards the north-eastern part of the upper rock. Again we were blocked by a precipice, but about 15ft. above us we could see a resting place. We had only one way left to us if we were to reach the top. I took as good a footing as the narrow place would allow, and putting one hand into a crack in the cliff, with the other took hold of a creeper, and Mr. Brown climbed up on my shoulders. In another moment the rope was down, and I worked my way up. Onwe went again, and the top seemed a good deal nearer. At this time my arms pained me very much. We had to put forth our most determined efforts in climbing this last part, but in another half hour we were at the edge of the upper cliff of Mount Lindsay. Dense low scrub covers the top, and the soil is rich, deep, and moist. We had a great deal of trouble in working our way towards the summit through the wilderness, but at last we reached the very top—and as we shook hands we could not help expressing our admiration of the sublimity and grandeur of the scene that had been disclosed to us. The trees vary in height from 10ft. to 30ft., and the higher we climbed the richer the vegetation became. West of the actual summit there is a swamp, in which ferns of different kinds and other plants abound. Surrounded as we were by trees and scrub, there, was no view obtainable from the very summit, everything being shut out by the dense vegetation. The grand views are only to be got from the edge of the precipice. From there the country lay like a coloured map before us. Peak after peak and range upon range were seen around us; and, like soft green mosses, the trees seemed to cover the dales. We could see the rivers and creeks, like silver ribbons, gliding along in the distance, now hiding behind a peak, then again coming into view on a plain, till at last they disappeared in the far horizon. Far, far in the east we could see the ocean as a narrow white border. But it was growing late. It must have been 5 o'clock, and the sun was sinking fast. We felt too much worn out to spend the night there, without food or clothes; and if we remained we might be too weak to descend in the morning. We had therefore to start immediately, and leave our work but half done. Both of us regret this very much, especially as we should so much have liked to give Mr. Bailey, the Colonial Botanist, some assistance in his great work, and had not the want of time made it impossible for us to do so, we would have brought him a collection of plants from the top of the mountain. At the summit of the mountain I tied my handkerchief round a tree, which we marked with a big B, and Mr. Brown marked some other trees before we started to descend. Both of us felt at this moment the seriousness of the situation. We could not stay where we were for the night, and darkness might overtake us on the way down. For a little while we paused at the edge of the preci- pice, and looked down in silence. When we started we intended to use the line double, fastening it to any tree or root we could find, but it proved too short, and we had to use it single. We let ourselves down by our hands, using our feet as much as possible to lighten the weight on the line. It was difficult to find a resting place, and we had to work our way to right and left along the cliff as occasion demanded. Downwards we went, and reached the well-remembered resting places again. Here we saw some creepers broken where we got up, and we had to lower ourselves down an overhanging rook, where we had nearly 200 ft. straight down below us. To find a footing where our short rope would help as we had to work our way to the left of this overhanging rock. I fastened the rope round Mr. Brown's waist, and having made a double knot, I got a very good footing between a strong tree and a creeper. A moment more and Brown is out of sight, working his way downward, singing out from time to time to lower or to pull. I felt his weight and his struggles to find a resting place. At last he called " All right," and by the help of the rope I was soon at his side again. We were then at the loose rock which I described before. The sun was down, and the twilight just giving way to darkness. With the rope round my chest, I made my way down to a tree which, though small, was strong; but I could only find a resting place for one foot there. Mr. Brown came down with a line through his belt, but he could not find a place to stand. I therefore clung to the little tree with one hand while he was fastening one end of the line round my chest and the other end round the tree between his foot and my hand. I lowered myself down by my hands while the line was hanging slack under me and up to my chest. By this time it was almost dark, and an over hanging rock was between Brown and myself. I was some 6ft. under him on the straight cliff, about 70ft. from the foot of the rock. Sud denly that strange weakness came over my arms again, and they were getting cramped and stiff. A second more, and I felt that I must let go my hold. My fingers gave way, and I held on to the rope with my teeth ; but with them I could not carry my weight, and I felt that I must drop. My bands would not move to my assistance. What could I do? I dropped straight down, thinking "this will be my good-bye to the world." The line, however, tightened under my arms, a creeper caught one of my legs, and for the moment I was safe. How the line did stretch! How it contracted with the sudden weight brought to bear upon it! As the rope tightened with a jerk under my weight, Brown felt the shock on the little tree, and sang out to me. I, however, found foot-hold to the right, and Brown was able to join me there. By this time we were in darkness. The rope was lowered slowly and we descended; and at about 7 o'clock we were at the foot of the rock. Here again we shook hands, and some moments afterwards we were sitting at a merry fire, waiting for the bright moon to come out. In about an hour and a half we started to walk down the eastern spur, and arrived in camp at about 11 p.m. We both very much regret that time did not allow us to fulfil more than one half of our purpose. Thus we were unable to make a collection of botanical specimens for the Colonial Botanist; and the want of instruments pre vented us from taking the angles of the dif ferent mountains to be seen from the top of Mount Lindsay. But we are both willing once more to ascend the mountain if it will be of any practical use; and having now learned how to make the ascent, we should be able to reach the summit a second time with less risk and with greater results. CARSTEN EGEBEBG BORCHGREVINK, Beaudesert, 7th July. 