SPIRIT PHOTOGRAPHS. (pill, lUtt, feTOSBT,) Spiritualism has received a great impetus bvuie exhibition of photographB of spirits since the Paris Congress. Credulous people at once began to nave strange visions, founded on the .belief that however tricky mediums might be, the photographic plate cannot lie. But it baa or can be made to adopt the Balfourian habit «f concealing the tram- However sceptical a person may be, ehonld he visit the studio of Mr. Salmon, in East Putney, he will be inclined to exclaim " There are more things in heaven and earth than are dreamt of in our philosophy." There will be shown by the courteous artist a photograph of a young man who committed suicide in a garden, thebottle that contained the fatal laudanum lying on the ground near his hand. Over the body hovers the disembodied spirit, its foes ex. pressing pity for the clay beneath. The spirit, inpalpable ana misty, is what the Scotch call the wraith, a belief that has been handed down from the aneient Egyptians. Another photograph is that ef a man seated at a table, while opposite, with the head resting on its elbows, aits a spirit. So immaterial is the latter that the part ef the table between its body (if a spirit has a body) and elbows can -be seen through the arms. Scores of other photo- graphs were shown to the interviewer—spirits hovering round persons, floating in the air, mysterious hands in all positions, some sulky, some sad, some with nplifted finger as "if warning against disaster. " But surely the people who receive such visitants suffer considerable nervous prostration, and they certainly look happier than the spirits? r ' Th( I manufacture job to be 6i The artist, with a laugh, never see the epirite at all. e ghosts myself. I expect but T hope not as indiglady in the spiritualistic nant as a world, who called upon me a few days ago. She was a firm believer in spiritualism, and was partly converted by some of my published photographs. Having hunted me for some time she found me here, and wanted me to photograph the spirits who visited her. She regarded me with some amount of awe as a dealer in the an canny sights of the world; bnt her reverenee soon disappeared when I How do "yon produce a spirit photo? ?"—" Well, there are several ways, ne," he said, painting to a man in a ehair asleep with a spirit standing near him, " was -dvne by first photographing a man in &e; ordinary way with a black cloth background. Then another person draped in ghostly garments stands in the required "ion, bnt a little out ef focus to prevent outlines bong too sharp ana corporeal. Light is then only on the spirit, and the same negative as used before is ex- 1 a second time, and all the rest ef the being black, the spirit enly is photographed. Of aourse, the second exposure is longer than with ordinary amount sf light, bat this adds to the ghostliness." " Bnt how do you make them 30 impalpable and uneanny ?" '' The room must be perfectly dark, and en the ghost only a ray of sunlight falls; while close to the lens a sheet of fino. gauze is .hpng, and it is the gauze which gives st' ejotu-l&ei; lomippus appearance to me spirit'a ootSnes." I " This cannot be done in a dark reomj fer it is broad daySgfct, and yet the Bpirit is addressing the gardai Beat, and the rails ef the seat «aa be seen through the spirit's form?.'?—^'Ho^ Ih eaeh A piekuip I fbave to tale the photogsaptT and exposelt a second time*- the-nan--still in the -same position, only.the ghost is added. If ghost find man wese taken together, the rails would not appear {hrra^t^epiritrs form. I have still another me&od.; Lock at this." It was a-pathetao photograph «f a lady looking with piteojas eyes at the headUof-a child posed as if coming headforemost Xraxn<beaven. '' T&B; TS a-popofer'one," said 'the artist, " suggestive of JHML iBteEOBBlsa, betefltt.liring and dead, but the most material pt. pll in preparation. Hie epiijtrhead is only that «f a-wax ^lolVrather^©nt of -^fcfius, to prevent it being reoognised as such. This is photographed first, and the place on the gzotmd glass outside the plate is marked, BO that when the sitter comes she takes sueh a petition that the angel hepd ready to groet her, when it is _pribBted;Ciffi Is sot interfered with at the second, exppsure. A similar method isssed in this one. Itwas.<called < The Ghost of the Billiard-roon,' in which the forerunner of Roberto is standing at the elbow of a player, whether to max or make the stroke does not appears"' " " Hcdnnjis do not bless you; Mr. Salmon, I suppose?" "No, lam anathema to them, but next jnonth-some spirit photographs arc to be reproduced in the ' medium' of a girl seen at several tittncee and marked with a sabre cut bar identity. I &all; al^^ififs stroke of-jjaint on my spirit's face pr6dhae ;«vsne - pbotog^bphs similar to those promised next month, - and I ara quite sure they will be produced in the same way. The abeve sketch was taken yesterday, the hand of death covering the lady's face, whieh cam be sees th««£fa-the bony eSwas.' - 