Mrs. Jinks at Home. [HY HEB HUSBAND"!. OMS feature of the late inundation waa tho large number of lizards the water brought down, and tenements whioh were immersed deeply were over- run with them. Other reptiles, too, are common, and not in the least snakes, many having been destroyed within the precincts of the town. Speaking of lizards, that reminds me that I witneaaed a fight between two of them the other day ; and though dog-fights, cook-fighta, and even man-fights may be common enough now-a-days, perhaps the novelty ot a lizard fight ia worthy of notice. One waa largo, 'tether small ; but their blood being np and business meant, perhaps they hadn't time to enter into the question of weight. After intently watching each other for some few seconda, the larger modo a sudden rush at the smaller, and taking a firm body grip with his month, it seemed aa if the first round wonld suffice to aettle the matter ; but what the little fellow lacked in weight he compensated for in gamoneas, and with equal viciousness in like manner grasped the larger by the belly. For foll two or three minutes they engaged in a thorough rough and tumble : but in the end weight told, and the little 'un, seizing a valuable opportunity given him by the larder's apparent exhaustion, made tracks aa fast aa lega wonld carry him. May bo that's a fair illustration of human nature-ita natural to fight ; and if Mrs. JINKR and I do have a " boat np " sometimes, well its human nature. Dogs delight to bark and bite. But hunraus tnusn't do so j Nor they condemn tho laws of men Which Adam didn't uso, tho'. WHAT a ourlons scene our Temple of Justice Presented dnrlng the late flood. How different rom the solemn state of Law ! Fanoy a motley orowd of some 200 within its precincts : here a whole family huddled together ; there a white headed man, friendless in nia aged Btate. Elderly dames, fUBsy and atout, perohed in rigid attitude in the jury boxes, with drowsy youngsters at their feet. The legal table not now oumbered with a mass of legal lore, but the much-prized couoh of seedy tramps, whose heada, in seeming oomfort, reposed on some others legs. Where prisoners oft with beating heart have stood, a father and two little sons, in peaceful slumber, laid. The Bench, where new-fledged Ja'.P. proudly peroh, and Judges sit in solemn state, was atill esteemed the prido of place on that eventful night-for there maters, with ooy maidena 'neath their paternal winga, found a safe haven from the watery foe. Hasty blankets, and old clotlios profuse. Whore silk and ermine oft have been in uso. The Clerk's box graced with swags, old boots and "billie*"; while two or three feeble candles bravely essayed to throw a fitful glare upon this weird scene. Mrs. JINKS there a refuge found, although not rest ; for all through the weary night no juror on that identical seat ever paid more attention to dieoourae from a Judge than did Mrs. JINKS to the legal dook, nor did prisoner ever feel more relief from olear acquittal than did Mrs. JINKB at the approach ot day. That wonld indeod have been a good view for our local photographers ; but I can't say that Mrs. JINKS would patronise the art whioh oould only reproduce her in snoh an un Jinks-like position. INSURANCE SOCIETIES nowadays accept risks of almost every description, and property owners aa a mle are careta! in availing themselves of the pro- tection suoh afford,-and largely so in tho cue of fire. Now, Mrs. JINKS ia particularly anziona to know whether any of these enterprising companies wonld insure in the oaae of flood, and lt ao, the amount of percentage, «Seo. " If," she says, " it ia necessary to insure one's property from the ravages of fire, then how much more necessary to insure against the ravages of floods, especially when the Clarence seems to have dropped into the fashion ot having more of the latter than the former." Perhapa some enterpriaing company will take up the suggestion. When Mrs. JINKS gets auch wild- cat notions aa these into her head, I am painfully reminded that she ia a half-blooded Yankee. Her father waa a " Tank ;" and I am certain that lt wonld need all the " go" of a full-blooded soion of that extra 'ente race to sncoessfully introduce such a system in this land o' floods,-although I have not the slightest doubt that, with recent experi- ences so fresh in memory, the pnblio wonld soon go flood- ineuranoa mad in pursuit of the notion. Mis. JINKS has taken the prospect of not having speedy railway communication granted na greatly to heart. Among her other accomplishments, she is rather rythmical (if I may call it so) and baa taken the trouble to pen the following Byron(hio) That Byron Bar, has had Ita way, No matter how unjust ; That noted Job, by moneyed mob. Wa gaza oa with distrust. Ballway bashed, and O raf ton smashed Bight into smithereens j No more silks, ezpenaive plush, Nor aven velveteens. ana nutoners ana Dakers, tintera ana tailors, DeUghtfally mix in tho mette Ballway vanished, firla half famlahed, 1 Now what are wo to do f Work ao short, and coin nought I gnett "tis rather blue Bald railway themo I it now doth seem , We've followed it in vain t Its image here, once hold so dear. Well ne'er roven again. Tho railway ghost, is now to most, A spectro plain apparent ; "Then rattle itaOranes over the atones," To tho tuno of "Parkes, knight arrant." Bury it woU, as desorvee ancha aeU, Forgotting for aye such abortion : And I and my giru (four blooming big pearls) Will nobly contribute our portion. Ba lt politically blest-ita bonos ara at rest In the tomb, 