Stenograms. BY ALLEGRO. The evening had closed in sullen and sombre. The clouds hung low over the city. He was a poet, and he had been telling her, as they walked along together, how all the moods of Nature were dear to him, and how, especially when she was with him, even the gloomiest pall of cloud appeared to him a " most ex cellent canopy." Learnedly and Ruskinishiy he discoursed upon cloud-beauty, yet refraining in the meanwhile from directing her attention on high for practical illustration of its principles, for the streets in their suburb were muddy from recent rain, and it behoved them to pick their steps as best they oould in the gathering dark. At length, when they came to a cleaner spot, •'Look up now," he said, "look up, and with Instructed eye read for yourself the teaching of the clouds." And she looked up; »nd he looked up; and, flaming athwart the sky in huge crimson letters, the teaching they read was this, GIVE YOUR BABY JOHNSON'S FOOD. They parted on the spot, and for ever; she in sulted, and he insane. All this happened not very far in the future, perhaps only a few months hence, and it was—l mean, will be—all •long of that infernal Yankee inventor, who is even now actually collecting the capital to run his electrical magic lantern whioh is to show advertisements reflected from above when olouds at night hang dark and low. Will Go vernments, will humanity, actually permit this iniquity? A doleful author has written a dolorous poem called " The City of Dreadful Night!" Suoh, indeed, will that oity be where this Yankee miscreant gets his way. What a City, what a Night, when the whole canopy o'erhead is flaming with Beeoham's Syrup, and Mother Siegel's Soap, and Pears's Mustard, and Colman's Coraline Corsets 1 On suoh a night—ay, and surely it will happen on suoh a night—it will come as a positive relief to every right minded man to see "the heavens wrapped together as a scroll" 1 It is only namrw-minded and nnamiable persons who would oppose the admission ot women to professions for the work of whioh they have proved themselves qualified. But that is a very different thing from allowing them to take the front seats. If they capture the front Mats by their ability, good and well; but to allow them to take the foremost places on account of their disabilities is quite another affair. This view of the oase is presented pretty conspicuously in what is taking plaoe in ihe operating theatre in certain hospitals in Sydney. Just as in other theatres where comedies and tragedies are ena/sted it is desirable to get well to the front in order to get a satisfactory view of the performance, so is it likewise in those theatres where comedy has no place, and where the object is to defeat tragedy with its own weapons—or something cruelly like them. Now the feminine medical students in Sydney are keenly aware of this, and on the occasion of an operation they make straight for the front seats, and, what is more, they get them. That is to say they are suffered to occupy them, not on aooount of their ability as students, but on aooount of their disabilities as women. The male students grumble, inaudibly inside and audibly outside, but naturally they cannot bring themselves to the stioking point—that, namely, of stioking their elbows into the ladies in the crush for places. Now, if women are to get into the professions because they are strong, and are to be allowed to push them selves to the front because they are weak, it appears to me that this is not a fair game. t am afraid we shall have to revise the con ditions of the play, and don't let us forget that fair play is all the woman-emancipators cry out for. If this instance is typioal of what the sort of thing is going to be all through, it may be that we shall have to raise the standard of the "Revolt of Man." I should be sorry to be considered capable of counselling anyone to jostle a woman, but, on the other hand, it is for those whom it may concern to consider whether it is fair to enter for a jostling match on the sondition of not being jostled. But the fact is that the woman-emancipation movement is inconsistent all through, and it is only in virtue of its inconsistency that it manages to advance at all. What is more, it 'Is the most advanced leaders who are the most inconsistent of the lot, and who, after preach ing the downfall of man, are the loudest to complain when hiß protection is withheld from them. I only know of one woman who carries out to the bitter end hef idea of " putting men down," and " keeping them down." She is the only one I know of who really succeeds in " getting even with the men." She is the sole representative of her sex who nover fails to -■make men And their level." Other women have occasionally oome oat victorious from an argumentative struggle with one ot the stronger sex, but this one never tackles a man without " putting him in a hole." Many men come to her, unwitting of her prowess, but, whatever may be the antecedent record of their prowess, when onoe she has taken them in hand they invariably "get left." And, as I said before, she carries it out to the bitter end, for when she has done with a man ahe literally tramples him under foot, and then leaves him plantg-Ut. I regret I cannot give you her name, but if you want to witness her performances you have only to go to Louisville, U.S.A., and inquire at the cemeteries of that oity. At one of them you will find a female grave-digger deep in the practice of her profession. That is she. It has often struok me when reading the lives of missionaries that clergymen exhibit muoh more fertility of resource when dealing with the heathen than when ministering to ready-made Christians. The same man who, in a Christian land, has no idea beyond •• conducting services" in the ordinary conventional way is no sooner transplanted to a parish of naked savages than he gets up to all sorts of dodges for (not to speak it profanely) getting his wares disposed of. But why not try some of these dodges on the heathen, the Christian heathen, at home ? I find it stated that in a recent evangelising tour of the island of Formosa " it was not an in frequent preliminary to religious services tor the missionary to extract fifty or more teeth." Of course the sufferers who came to howl remained to pray, and no doubt the wrench and the reaction of relief had a great effect in preparing their minds for the reception of doctrine. What is to prevent our olergy men at home taking a hint from thisFormosan experience? I doubt if the method could be made applicable in collecting congregations, but it evidently contains a potent instrument ality for dealing with individual souls. Let dentistry be made an indispensable subject in the curriculum for the ministry. Let the Reverend Dentist put his plate on the door, and his " card" in the newspaper—at home from 10 to 12 and 2 to 4. Let the only price for extraction be an attentive hearing of the Word, and if such opportunities were not largely availed of and profited by, why, human nature must be different here from what it is in Formosa. My only fear is that the practice might gradually lead up to auricular confession. I am quite sure that if I found myself in the power of a man armed both with a forceps and the sword of the spirit I would be ready to confess anything. Still there are many who would find in this consideration an additional argument in favour of olerical dentistry, including no doubt the clerical dentists themselves. To be sure the secular dentists would complain of the innovation, but what are they among so many ? The world is getting about tired, I guess, ot hearing that History repeats itself. For all practical purposes the statement is quite use less unless some principle of recurrence oan be established by a knowledge of whioh we may be enabled reasonably to expeot the repetition of a given event at a given time. It is evident there is a whole Science latent here. What is wanted is for some person of poky habits, and liberally dowered with patience, to take a similar pair of historical events, find the period between them, and try to catch other pairs o similar events with just the same period between them. His first cycle failing, let him try another, and another, and so on till he gets hold of the right one, and astonishes the world with a true historical principle of recurrence. What is most required is a good start. I observe in a recent issue of the Melbourne Argus a very striking instanoe of History repeating itself whioh may help us to just what we want. In 1559, a oertain Sir Henry Loch was sacristan of St. Giles's Cathe dral, Edinburgh, and one of his duties was to ring the bells of the cathedral. In 1880, Sir Henry Loch was the first man who rang the bells of the new cathedral of St. Paul's, Melbourne. Here is certainly a curious coinci dence, and the period between its two terms is 830 years. Let us start with that as our cyole. It ought to be a good one, for 11 and 83 are favourite numbers with oyole-mongers, and all figurists love ihe number 10:—830 contains them all. I take a History of England and open it at random at the death of Edward the Sixth, 1653\. Now it would be too muoh to expeot such a ooinoidenoe on the death of a King of that name just 330 years afterwards. It will satisfy the case to find an instanoe of mortality in the royal family of England in 1883, and, strange to say, on turning to that year I find it to be the date of the death of John Brown! Shall I try 330 again ? Try it yourself. I remember Judge Haliburton's story of the man who hit the hat hung at the yardarm first shot. He knew better than to try again. Enough if I have shown the way. I have not a word to say against matrimony attained through newspaper adrertisements. If marriages are made in Heaven, Heaven will bring tho predestined parties together by means of an advertisement just as surely as by leading them to become teachers in the same Sunday sohool. On the other hand if marriage is a lottery, an advertisement is as good a matrimonial lottery- picket as any other. But there is one condition the non-fulfilment of which renders such an advertisement altogether reprehensible. It Bhould promise nothing whioh the advertiser cannot make good. I have only personally known one couple who oame together through the means in question, and the combination was a failure. He had advertised himself as a gentleman, and it was discovered—too late, of course—that even the last syllable of the word would have been too good for him. But here is a perfect model of an advertisement whioh leaves no room for after-objection. I take if from a local con temporary in which it appeared last week. " Wife wanted, small capital, rare chance, con fidential. Address X., Ao." No room for sub sequent reproach here! There isn't the ghost of a promise in it. Whether the small capital is in X.'s possession, or comes under the "wanted," even Lindley Murray couldn't tell. Whether X. is the rare chanoo, or seeks one, is equally obsoure. Assuredly Mrs. X. will get the worst of the argument if she should find occa sion hereafter to " oast up" that advertisement. [A correspondent, to whom I am muoh obliged for his information, tells me that the verses I quoted last week from the Annual Re port of the Hongkong Public School are by the late celebrated Arabio scholar, Profesor Palmer. Mr. Bateman, however, does not give them as an original production, though he introduces them into his report in a somewhat ambiguous manner. "Ask him," he says, "to put in English what he has read, and you will get something like the following"—and then oome the verses. I certainly did think them rather too good for either Bateman or a Portugee hobbledehoy.—A.] 