Story Column. The Great Mill Street Mystery. BY ADELINE SERGEANT. nthor ol " Jacobi's Wife," " Roy's Repentance," "Deveril's Diamond," " Under False Pre tences," &c.; . UA QUEENSLAND BIOBXS BESSBVSD. CHAPTER XXIV.— (Ciwli«r«f) " I thought yon lived in this hoase, here, in Backstreet?" asked Jess, rather doubtfully. "So I do when I'm at 'ome," laughed Biaok Sal. " But I've got another hole, too. It's convenient sometimes. Do yon know them three houses in Mill street where the folk were all toxned out a little time ago ? If yon go to tne tmrd one, yon 11 always find it open and empty — except when a tramp gets in now and then. And there's stairs and a trapdoor iato thenext house, which makes it a good place to goto when p1 lice has their eye on you. I'll show you the whole place some day if you'll come along o' me ; and it's a handy spot to know of, specially if you wants to gp»t away from anybody. You goes up the stairs of ooo 'ouse, you know, and the p'liee follows you. But they can't find you — for why? Because you've got into the next hous3 through the door in the roof. And the people in the lodgings always covers up the door with coats and things, and swears that nobody's been there, so you see you're safe, for the p'liee don't know of that little door. You come up there if you're in a megs any time." 'Thank yon, Sal," arid Jess. 11 1 don't think I shall ever want it." # "You never knows," replies the more saga cicus Sal. It's all ers well to look oat for squalls." Je.«s agreed, although with a very vague notion of what she meant. But the informa tion which she had received was destined to be of ree to her. She was passing down Mill street one night in January — it was a cold night and there was stow in the air— when she caught sight of a figure that she knew well. It was that of George Eastwood, muffled and enfolded in great coat and sarf, with his hat pressed down ever his eyes o that his face was scarcely recog- ratable — but Jess could not be mistaken ! It was George Eastwood, surely ; her lover, her husband, the father of her child ! Aud he was lingering at tbe doorway of the house in which she used to live! Could it be possible, then that he loved her fitill. "George! George !" she cried, and, running after tho cloaked figure, she laid her hind upon its arm. The man turned, looked her in the face, and threw her hand away. " You false woman ! how iara you speak to meP' be eaid. It was George Kiatwod in deed, but never had George Eastwood looked at Jees with a faoe so foil of rage aud fury as he looked at her now. "George, don't be angry with mi!" she pleaded. She never knew the mOit effesfcivo thing to say. " Why should I not he angry with you, you vile creature? Havo you not wreoked my life as well as your own ? Your shameless conduct has brought misery on my head, and will bring misery on your own. Perhaps it has brought misery on you already— I could almost say that I hope to God it has !" "Yes, I am very miserable," sobbsd Jess, "especially when you talk to rae liks that. What have I done, George? Oh, you don't knew— you don't understand——" " I understand that yon left ma— left me for another man?" " Another ! — Oh no, George not in that ww ; not as yon think. I was obliged to go ; I was trapped like a wild beast — I was taken prisoner and kept away from yon. I could not help it —indeed I eould not. It was not my fault." "Not your fault?" said Eastwood, gripping her fiercely by the arm, and turning her tear- stained face towards the light of the lamp. " What do yon mean by that ?" "It's true, George. I was kept away from yon by force." "Who kept yon? That accursed ruffian Ejre?" The look of f ary in his face saddenly struok JeEB dumb. She was afraid. What was she doing after all ? Dared she tell George quite the whole story ? He would killStephen, or Stephen would kill him ; and Stephen had done what he thought waB right. A sickening tsar took possession of herandsealedherlips, ani Gsorze Eastwood looking down into her fair frightened face, swore that never was woman so false and frail as she. "Speak!" he said sterrly. "Tell me the whole story, that I may punish that raffitn if he is to blame." " I can't toll yon, George " " Can't tell mo ! My God ! is it so black a story ?" "It was not my fault," said Jess, cowering and biding her face in her hands. " No, perhaps it was not your fault at the beginning," eaid George, bitterly, " but it has been your fanlt every since. Why, if yon are blameless, could you not have o?mo back to mo? Yonr actions condemn yon, while yon try to excuse yourself. Don't touch mo! I loathe you ; you aro a wicked woman, and you have no olaizn on me. I loved yon, Jess— once ; how could you do this thing?" " I love yon still !" she cried, clinging to ths arm with which he tried to push her away. " I our love is worth very little," he eaid in bitterpst scorn, " when it dceB not save you from thei o unimaginable depths of shame. Jess ! Jess ! you have broken my heart and ruined your own life! What can there be between us now?" She stood sobbing, but holding up her hands to him imploringly. "I will tell you," Bhe said indedpair. " I will tell you everything— if you will listen." ' I do not want to hoar," he answered, trying to reoover his oompoeure, and averting bis eyes from her ploading faco. " It is all too blaok— too bad — too awfal. Bat I will help you ; I will domy best for you, if you want to lead a better life. Do you needmonsy? lean give yon as much as yon want now." " I don't want money — I have— plenty," said Jess with quivering lips. Ah, yeu are kept well supplied, I snpposo," said George, regardless of ths start of pain with which she received his taunt. " I have nothing moro to offer. Bat— in memory of oar old love .for one another, Jess, will yon not coma sway with me and let me place yon whero you will bo oared for and protected? I will take care_ that yon havo all you want. I cannot forgive yon — but I will never let you know hunger or cold or discomfort any moro. You look poor;- you mast want many things that I oan snjjly ; oome with me, and yon shall havo "I want only «me thing, George," said Jess, softly, " and that is yonr love." "Yon have forfeited that," said the young man', ' growing rather white about tho lips," and you oannot expect to get it baek. Will yon oome with me or not ? I will take yon to a lady who will bo kind and good to yon— if you will oome now — to-night." "Not to-night," she said shrinking back. "Why not?" She thought of her ohildondmadono answer. George knew nothing of the baby girl whom she had ealled after him. " Oome now. Jess— to-night." " If yon will come here to- morrow night," Bhe faltered, "I will come with you then. And then I will tell yon all." Bat George)' with a stern and angry look upon his face, ehoolc his head and tamed away. Hefr heaitation was inaxpUoablo to him, and ho was too sore and siok at heart to ba patient. So, with a hitter feeling that she was lost to Mm for evor, and oonld novor be reclaimed, ho 'tamed away into tho night. CHAPTER XXV.— The Empty House. Jesa went back to her homo in Bnok street with fainting heart and (streaming eyes. Why was George so unkind to her? How was it that be did not believe her word ? And was it possible that he wonld not listen to her story, that he would not come to meot her again or I V take fier homo ? For e a sicn aa ehe spoke to him she forgot all her scruples, and only wanted to be loved and caressed as she used to be. Stephen and his warnings went completely out of her mind. Sbo was conscious of nothing but her love for George Eastwood, her lover, her husband, the father olhor child. She took Mcenie into her arms and lay on her bed, sobbing far iato tho night. Alico was away from homo, and no ono therefore interrupted her. Sho wopt until the baby cried too, and then she quieted herself a little, and finally fall asleep without undressing, and with Mecnie's soft cheek pressed agiioat her own. Daylight brought her no comfort. Sqo thought ovir all that Georgo had said, and could see no way of letting him know the truth. For Stephen, or Alice Drew, or Dick, alone conid justify her ; and none of these would be willing to plead with George for her. She thought at one timo of throwing herself on Alice's mercy, and begging her to tell him how it came about that she had be3n detaice-d against her will ; but tho thought of faciog Alice's incredulous soorn turned bar hot and cold with shame, and she was obliged, though very relnotantly, to give up tho idea. Besides, she said to herself, she had promised not to say that sho was George Eastwood's wife until he gave her leave to speak mid he had not yet given her leave. In fact, George Eastwood and Jess were playing a game of cross-pnrpcs-s. If East wood cad boldly avowed that he wa3 married to Jess, and had songht for her as his wife, even Stephen Eyre would havo been obliged to give her up to him. But being, in the first place, Jsomewhat ashamed of his ''low" marriage, and, in tho second, fully convinced that Jess had left him and betrayed him. ho was unwilling to let tbe world know that he had been, as he expressed it, "such a fool," and therefore held his tongue. "While, Jess, afraid to stand up for herself, and not at all compre hending the binding nature of the short cere mony in a registrar's office, kopfc silence even when she was out of Stephen's clutches, and only wept quietly at finding herself, as sho believed, deserted and betrayed. But as tbe day wore on a little courage re turned to her. Perhaps after all, he would return. Sho bad implored bim to come back to the same place at the same hour, aud per haps his heart would grow Bofcer to her, and he would come He had said that he would take her away. 8he did not kuow whither he meant to take her, but she had a fond foolish hope th&t; he might take her book to the pretty little house in Maida Vale, or per haps to hie home in tho country, where the fine people lived who had spoken to her so gracionsly in tho picture gallery on that last ill-fated day of her life with George. That Georgo himself should despiso hor, and think badly of her was almost incredible to Jees. She was sure that if she could talk to him quietly for five minutes he would believe her ? So, in the course of the lay, she began to make a few stealthy preparations for depar ture. She put some of the baby's clothes iato a bundle, round which 6he tied a shawl of her own. She did think it worth while to pack up her own things. Georgowould buy new ones for her she suppesed. Aad when Alice was out that evening — for she was again going to apond the night at the bedside of an old wnmiu who iras ill— she would steal away to Mill street, with Meenio in her arras, and the sordid, piccbed life would be over, never, never to come back ! Aud nobody should separate her from her husband any more. Alas, poor Jees ! During tho night, snow bad fallen, and during the day it 3gain fell pretty steadily. There was u sharp north wind, and the froBfc was hard and keen. Jes3 looked anxiously at her baby, as night drew on ; for the child was wheeling and conghing as if it had caught cold. Dared she take it out with her into the night ? She might carry it a little way, but she did not like to stand about exposing its ten der frame to the bitter wiudf for she wq? more thoughtful for hor child's welfare than moat women of her class- Aud yet ehe wanted Georgo to see Mcenie when he cams— -if he came. "What could she do ? Suddenly she remembered Black Sal's words. There was that empty house close at hand. She would make up a little bed for Meeuie in one of the lower rooms ; she could leave hor there for a little while, so long as she wa watching for George. Indeed she , could eeat herself juBt inside the door, and would tbrn hear her if she cried. Meenie's bed could be placed on tho passage floor, and then Jess could speak to her, if neces sary, and watch for George at the same moment of time. Of course she wag liable to be spied by a passing policemaa and ejected without ceremony, hut policemen were few and far between in that region, and they one and all avoided Mill Btreetand Baldwin's Court as much as possible. It was about 9 o'clock, therefore, that Jess, having made hor small preparations, took Meenie in her arms and sallied forth. She left Backstreet without a sigb. If sbo were suc cessful in her queBt, it was possible that she might never see it agaiu, never again behold Alice who had really tried to be a true frioad to her, or Stephen who had loved her from her child hood ; but all that she was consuous of was a distinct joy and relief at iho thought of escape from her gaolers, and a fervent hope that she might never enter tho room again. She crept unobserved into the empty house in Mill street, and established hersolf just iaeide the door, where throngh the crack, she oould watch the passers by without being herself perceived. The wind howled through the p-iesages and down the stairs of the old deserted house. The boards of tbe rooms creaked as if people were walking over them, the doors and the window- frames rattled as if they were shaken by invisible hands. Shrill shrieks and whistles came down the chimneys and through the key- hcles. Jess, listening fearfully to the weird pounds, thought of some old ghost tales that 6ho had heard, and shivered more from fear ihan from cold as tho wind swept by. The snow fell obliquely with a soft occasional swish, ag-tinst the wudow-panea, some whioh were broken and stuffed with straw or raga. The noise of the London street was already becoming deadened by the pnow, and few persons were o be seen jassiug along tlio thickly covered pavements. Jess watched and waited for half-an-hour, with her baby on her lap. It was about half- past 9 when she saw tho figure of a man whom the recognised coming down the street. Her heart gave a sudden leap, and then began to throb painfully and fast. For it was George indeed, George who had oome to meet her, as she had begged him to do. She placed Meenis gently on the Bhswl that she had spread for her on the floor, and slipoed out into the street. " George," she said, " I am here." Eastwood turned and looked at her. Sho had thrown off her bonnet, and hor ahawl was wrapped round Meonio, bo that hor fair faoe and golden looks had no disguise. The snow that fell against her oald oheoks only touohod them to a livelier red. Tho lamplight Bhone in hor uplifted eyes. Georgo Eastwood won dered with a duU senBe of bewilderment whe ther she had ever looked so beautiful before. " Yes," he Baid, trying to speak coldly, " I have eomo, and I have Bomothiag to say to you." She had held out her hands to him, they now fell to her side. The fight died out of her eyes. " I oannot say it here," he went on harshly. " Have you no place of your o wa that you oan take me to? There is something I must say." " We can come inside jthis house," said Jess, timidly. It is empty, I— have something to say too— something to show you." "Come in then," said Eastwood, " out of this oold wind." She opened the door, and he felt, rathor than saw, that sho was groping for somothing iu the dark. "What is it?" ho asked, following her. "Nothing— at least I'll ehow you," said Jess, catching her breath a littlo. " Shut the door." Ho hesitated for a moment. Tho thought ocourrcd to him that ho was perhaps in a trao — that Jess — poor Jees ! — was perhaps in league with a gang of thieves, who meant to strip him of all tho worldly wealth upon him at the time. It showed how little ho knew of Jess's real nature that each a notion should over oross his mind. " Ihero's nobody in the house. You ncodn't mind coming in," said Jess. Sho led tho way into the hack room ; a room in which sho hod found that some sort of a , blind had been left in tatters across the widow. The shade it' gave was scanty, hut better than nothing at all She had a candle with her— i ' was one of the thing which she had provided, in careful thought of such a moment as this. And aa Georgo groped his way after her, sh « Btruok a fight, and turned to him with the child in hor arms. " I called her Georgina— afte: you," she said simply. Georgo started haok a little. Ho looked at kcr and then at the sleepy ohild. " It's our little girl," Jess went on in her soft voice. "I thought you didn't kn >w She's been a very delicate baby, but she's a dearlittlo thing. I think you wonld love hor, George, if you saw hor sometimes." "I i.over knew— I never thought—" George began, hut he looked too dismayed to go on. So Jess proceeded without waiting for the end of his sentence. " She's more than a year old now — a year and a half. She was born the summer beforo last, in June. I think 1 should have died before now if it hadn't been for baby — what with losing yon and not being able to get away. But I'm glad I didn't, now." "Losing me? What do you mean?" said George, in a low voice. "Yon never came to look for me," Jess answered, ber lovely eyes filling with tears as she looked innocently into George's darkening faco. "I thought you would be sure to find ma and get me out." " Do you mean to say that you oould not get out ? That you could not get back to me if you had chosen ? " "Of course I do. Dou'tyou know," said Jess, vehemently, " how I love you, Giorgo ? " Ho was silent. He looked aghaet. (TO BE CONTINUED ON MONDAY. 