Cta ’IQcralil. THURSDAY, JUNE 12, 1SOO. Our Wodonga contemporary in its last issue was quite lachrymose over the action of the Towong Shire Council in reporting the Wodonga Council for its shortcomings. It will bo remembered by our readers that at the April meeting of the Towong Shire Council it was re solved that complaint bo made to the Minister of Public Works, under the 519th section of the Local Go vernment Act 1874, with respect to the .action (or rather inaction) of the Wodonga Shiro Council in declining to make good the public highway leading from the Mitta Mitta bridgo on to the Bethanga road station, and that tho Minister be requested to mnko an. order upon tho "YVodonga Council to execute the necessary works .on tho said road without delay. This decision was come to after repeated polite requests had been treated with contemptuous silonee on the part of the Wodonga coun cillors, who only vouchsafed an an swer when the determination of their Towong confreres was placed beyond doubt by the passing of the resolu-. tion above quoted. Tho tardy reply received at the May meeting of the local body set out that tho Wodonga Council were reluctantly compelled, tlmough lack of funds, to postpone improvements in the locality in dicated. The letter further stated that the Wodonga Council fully appreciated the generosity of the Towong Council in. olferiug them sufficient material with which to make the required improvements, and “ hoped in a short time to avail themselves of . the offer so oppor tunely made.” The Towong coun cillors expressed surprise that this explanation had not been mado long before. The reply and explanation came too late, however, for tho Towong Shire secretary had in the meantime carried into effect the com plainant resolution above referred to. A copy of the complaint forwarded to the Minister of Works was read at the last meeting of tho Wodonga Council as follows:—“Shire Offico, Tallangatta, 23rd April, 1890.—Sir,— I have the honor, by direction, to lay before the lion, the Minister of Public Works a complaint from this council respecting the action of tho Wodonga Shii*e Council in failing to make good i portion of road between the bound iry of this shire at the Mitta Mitta River and Bethanga Road Railway Station. The portion of road referred 0 is on tho main trunk road to the [Jpper Murray. Repeated attention i las been drawn to its dangerous state. This council, on the 7th Novem- 1 ior, 1889, and 7th March, 1890, 1 requested the Wodonga Shiro Couu- < iil to improve tho same, and offered : svery facility in the way of procuring 1 naterial for that purpose. As tho : louncil referred to has failed to 1 mprove the road or furnish a reason i for not doing so, I have to request < hat the hou. the Minister will be < deased to make an order on the < iVodonga Shire Council to executo 1 he necessary work, in accordance ‘ vith the 519th section of the Local f lovernmont Act 1S74, as it is im lerativcly necessary, in tho interests 1 the travelling public, that the oad should be rendered passable icforo the winter.—Joilx Colbert, ihire Secretary.” The Wodonga 1 ’ouncil naturally did not relish being I irought to a sense of their obliga ions by such a round turn, nonce j: hese tenrs. Two of their number t ilaintivcly remarked upon tho “ very rj ad grace ” witli which such a com- v uiuication came from their neigh- I oriug municipality ; adding, pettish- s “ that the Towong Shire Council I liould mind its own business.” As . ) tho remark concerning bad grace f i tho mutter, that is all sentimental a ulge, and, coining from a body }, kicli had not tho common courtesy o to reply to a polito request in the '• first place, seems rather inconsistent. ; Anti with regard to tho insinuation ! of intermeddling, any right-thinking ■ person must admit that tho-Towong Council did not in the least exceed its functions in tho matter. Polite requests-to tho peccant Council woro treated with scornful indiiforenco, and our local legislators, in order to uphold their corporate dignity and conscrvo.,, tlio interests of their con stituent*, wore porforeo obliged to make the last appeal, as made and provided by tho Local Government Act. Wo do not at all wish to pose as apologists for tho Towong Shire Council. Tho members of that body have clearly shown that they are alive to tho interests of tho rate payers. And until they were mado aware of tho straitened circumstances of their neighbors, they wore quito within their-rights in insisting that the Wodonga Shire should render a small portion of a main road in their territory in such a reasonably fair condition as to givo tho Towong ratepayers access to a contiguous 'railway station with somo dogree of safety-and comfort. Indeed, a good many ratepayers consider that tho Towong Council might reasonably have;gone further and taken similar j action’* “against tho Yackandaudah muniiSpality with regard to Huon’s Lane:’. 'Neither bodj- should be al lowed to shirk its responsibilitos, especially when neglect of its obliga tions causes trouble to its neighbors. Tho confession of inability on tho part of tho Wodonga Shire to do the needed work of course put a different complexion on tho mattor. Had tho Wodonga Council made a clean breast of its financial embar rassment at the outset, all tho sub sequent troublo might liavo been spared both municipalities. But the Wodonga body appears to havo been so putted up with false pride that it could not bring itsolf to confess its impeeuniosity. Tho official organ of tho Wodonga Shiro chimes in with tho querulous chorus, dwell ing at length upon tho exceeding poverty of that municipality, which is tearfully contrasted with tiio posi tion of the “ wealthy” Towong Shire. Ratepayers of this largo territory who have been clamoring in vain for necessary \vorks, and councillors who have been obliged to dony those claims, for want of the “ needful,” and who have evor hinted at schemes of retrenchment, will doubtless fool some what fiattorod by tho reputation for wealth which the municipality enjoys abroad. At'tor indulging in a lugu brious complaint conceniiug what it considers the unfairness of tho alloca tion of the Government subsidy, our contemporary takes tho Towong Council to task for endoavoring to obtain as much as possible from tho Treasury coffers. Parliament in its wisdom- has seen fit to specially sub sidise a number of municipalities which have been harshly dealt with by Damo Nature; and because tho mountainous Shiro of Towong avails itsolf to. the full extont in participa tion ot'rthnt special subsidy, it draws down upon its unoffending head the charge of robbing its poverty-stricken neighbor. That the first-class shires have been allowed to participate in the augmented subsidy only goes to show that they mado out a good case for entitling them to such special consideration. Our Wodonga con temporary’s hysteria reaches a climax . when he upbraids the Towong Coun cil with the additional and dreadful offence of “ compelling Wodonga Shire to expose its poverty to the Government!” This puerile remark is arrant rot, and is worthy of notice as showing our contemporary’s logic to bo as erratic as his memory. It is not so very long ago since tho councillors of Wodonga Shire them selves pleaded tho most abject poverty to the Minister of Works. Tho famous utterance of a deputation from that body, who threatened to throw up the sponge—to yield up the municipal ghost—unless the Government accedod to their request to tako over tho 'main tenance of a certain high road, is a matter of history. Our contemporary drops the subject with a fitful shriek, more iu angor than in sorrow. “ The worm will turn,” and imbibe the sweets of revenge. Dark hints and dismal forebodings aro uttered con cerning the favored Shire of Towong. This “ wealthy” municipality, with all its ‘‘ flushnoss of cash,” is already fast crumbling to its fall, because forsooth, the Wodonga Shire is going to furnish an “explanation” to the Public Works Department, on the subject of municipal subsidies, which will havo the effect of overthrowing the Shire of Towong from its lofty pinnacle, of wealth and importance and exalting in its place the humble “ dead child of the Victorian border!” Unfortunately, .for the credit of our croaking contemporary’s vaticination, there-is an old proverb that a prophet ! lias no renown in his own country. The AYodonga shire organ glibly quotes an old-time fablo. Wo would respectfully remind him of another trite domestic saying, advising tho folly of reckoning chickens before they are hatched. We shall patiently wait our humiliation. Pending tho j lonsummation so devoutly wished by )ur Wodonga “ friends,” the coun- I fillers and ratopayors of Towong may 1 Ind solace iu the optimistic reflection ‘ Sufficient unto the day is the ovil ;hereof.” 