! .MR. AND MRS, BOWSER. • '• f .,-7 • i ' <1 / V •€ ; {BR MBS. BOWSER.) (DETROIT EEKE PHESS.) I suppose Mr Bowser is just like all other husbands in regard to money matters, and I bope no one will get the idea tliafr I am speaking in a complaining tone. It is the duty of a wife to put up with whatever queer things her husband's nature may develop, and no wife must wonder over a husband's inconsistencies and incomprehensible actions. A few weeks before we were married he himself brought up the subject of money matters, and that to my great embarrass m ent. In'a sudden burst of i^endit^he said: ; "There is one thing winch shall never happen in my house. You will never be obliged to ask me for money. I know husbands who treat their wives as they would collectors come for an outlawed account. They pinch them down, to the last shilling, and even "then demand to know; how that w.as expended. Such husbands as those deserve the contempt of every decent man." " Yes," I replied, not knowing what else to say. "When we are married," he continued, "half my income is yours. Why not 1 We are the same, or will be the same, as partners in business. Although I may carry the money about for mutual convenience and safety, you have the same right to it as I have. When you want any, just go to the pocket-book and help yourself." We had been married several weeks i when I wanted a couple of dollars, happened to think of it as Mr Bowser lay asleep on the lounge one evening, and I therefore took out his pocket- book, removed a 2 dol. bill, and teplaced the rest as I found it. As did so he jumped up and yelled out: " Well, if that isn't cheek then don't know what the article is Married only six weeks, and you are robbing your husband ?" " You told me to help myself." " Never I I'd look pretty telling you to rob me, wouldn't I ?" " But you said half your income belonged to me, and that I iiever need ask for money." "You must be crazy. What on earth could you do with money ? Why, if you had 15dol. or 20doL per week you'd run us to ruin in three months. I don't want to pinch you down as some wives are pinched, but don't you ever have the audacity to put a hand on my wallet again. When you want change I'll give it to you." In the course of a week or two I asked him for a dollar, It was at the breakfast table, and the way he suddenly looked up almost caused me to choke on a mouthful of potato. " A dollar *" be exclaimed. "Yes, you said I should ask you when I wanted any money." " Humph ! Here is 40c., and I hope you will exercise good judgment in expending it." Two days later he inquired how I had used the money, and by way of reply I said : " Mr Bowser, we have been married eight weeks. Your income, as you have informed me, is 40dol. per week. "W-what's that to do with this - case ?" " A great deal, sir. You have had SSOdol. come in since we were married. How have you spent it? Please get out your account book." " Are you talking to me ?" "Certainly. I am the same as a business partner. How has that money gone ?" He tried to say sometliing in reply. But words failed him, and he put on his hat and walked round the block to cool off. When he returned he had calmed down sufficiently to say: " Mrs Bowser, there must be a head to every house." "Yes." "That head must see to money matters." " Yes." " I don't want to pinch you down, as I said before, for I despise a husband who will do that. While my money is your money to a certain extent, it—it—" " It is not money to a another certain extent V " Well, the proper way for you is to confer with me as to what you need." " If you want a cigar or a drink of beer or a street car ticket, do you confer with me ?" " But that's different." "Oh! it; isl Very well—let us confer. Get out your pencil and put down: 1 strap for petticoat, 2c.; 1 darning naedle, 1c.; 6 agate buttons, 3c.; 1 corset lace—" " Stop !" he interrupted. " As I said before, I don't want to pinch you down, but I hope you will exercise good judgment in making your purchases. Here's a half, and you needn't show me any bill cf items." We had not been married three months when I observed some very peculiar actions on the part of Mr Bowser. He would count his money the last thing ; at night and rthe first thing in the morning. On two occasions I found his wallet in the halltree drawer when I came down first. Again, it was under the lounge in the sitting-room. When I asked for an explanation of these queer proceedings he replied that it was to guard against burglars. One night, when he thought I was qsleep, he got up and took his wallet s 'from under, the bureau and hid it between the mattresses of the spare bed. An hour later I went in and found it and removed its contents, about 40dol. This money I placed in his pants pocket and went to sleep prepared for a surprise party. One came. I was down stairs when he got up, and presently I r ; heard liim dancing about amjLshouting: " By the great horn spoon!" but we've been i robbed, Mrs Bowser !" ,. t f Well?" "We had burglars in the house last? night 1" " Yes, we had !" " How do you know ?' " Because my money is gone !" "Where was it?" " It was " He checked himself there and mumbled something I could not hear, but when he came down he was white as a ghost, and his voice trembled as he said: " Mrs Bowser, do you think the cook is honest?" " Why, of course. How could she come in our bedroom «nd take your wallet out of your coat ?" " Strangest tiling I ever saw. They took the money, but left the wallet." At this moment he began searching his pockets, and when he found the money he looked so foolish that I felt to pity him. Since then I have found his wallet in the washstand, in the bed behind the bureau, under different chairs, in the clothes hamper, and behind the clock. Once he left his coat to have ;i button sewed on. I had not got around to it yet, and he had b?en gone an hour or more, when 1 looked out and saw him coming up the street on the keen jump, with everybody turning to look at him. I supposed the house was on fire, and grew so weak that I had to fall into a chair, He jumped against the front door with a great bang, fussed around to unlock it, and finally i ushed in to yell out: " Where is my coat ?" " Is—is the house afire V I asked. " Thunder, no 1 Where's my coat ?" " Why, hanging on the hall-tree." " And you've been into my wallet ?" "No, I haven't. I haven't even touched the coat." He gave an awful grunt of delight as he found the wallet safe, and, as afterwards ascertained it contained exactly seven dol. and no more, 