CHAPTER XII. THH FIGUHE IN WHITE. . From the low, rustic Beat upon which ^Gilbert had flung himself, he could look "into, the bright drawing-room and hear the V murmur of voices. 'VI wish Chetwynd would fall in love -with' Sylvia," thought Monk ; " but he .remains wedded to his fiist love. I wish 'lie would feel bound In honor or compassion to propose to Sylvia this very night. If sbo : were very skilful I should think she might lend him on. If he were really and actually engaged to Sylvia, 1 think I could manage .Berniee." . It seemed as i£ the fate3 were playing , into his hands that night. While ho lurked in the great conser vatory that flanked one end of tho house nnd opened upon several state apartments, Sylvia sat in alow'ohair before the fire, her gay bit of woollen embroidery on her knee, the soft light falling in a flood upon her ; swarthy, handsome face, red cheeks and :glossy black hair, conscious that she was .looking her beBt, and presenting a pretty picture to the long homeless young lord. " I am glad to be back again," said tho marquis, his grave brows shadov.-ed by hid ceaseless unrest and bitter longing. "I thought >n Abyssinia that I wiiuld give all I owned to transport myself in nil instant . back to this dear old home. And now I nm \- here, in the. rooms she brightened -with her joyous presence, and the pain of being here ia greatcr than I could have dreamed. It seems as if Berniee weile near me, Sylvia. I , have never had that strauge sense of the nearneBS of her presence since I lost her. It Beems as if sbo were in these rooms-as if she might appear to me at any moment-as if I might hear her voice calling." "That is very natural, and very easily explained," said Sylvia, in her Bmooth, silvery voice. " You left this place so soon after dear licrnice's death that her presence still seemed, a? one might say, to pervade the honse. You come back after n long absence, and everything reminds you of hor. You have not grown used to the house withJJ out her." " Shall I ever get used to the house with out her?" asked Lord Chetwynd. " The edge of our grief must woar off some time," said Sylvia, softly. It must lose its first sharpness, and become a vague' and tender memory. Perhaps when I'm gone you will find repose in "your fond memories of Berniee.' I lova.. Clietwynd Park, arid all the people upon tho estate. This is the only home I nave in.all the wide world. But I must leave it., I am going away, soon, next week, if possible,. and I ebnll never return again." ' rr .v .. ?' ?" Why is this, Sylvia? :i Why ubotild; you lcftvo'-your liomo?.'-; ?« ??".Ah, that is it," cried Syliia, passion ately. .." It is not my home. I have no right hc-re. Can you not setv Roy t Do you. not nniieretand 1 , You forco mo to ?speak pliiinly. ' I have-no claims upon you. ltoy, and I .can. no lunger liyo upon yotif [bounty. Besides," ami her voice tremble'' | with the eo'.iscipnsncss that she was - p'ay ing her la?t rani no'w, "thy pood name is mv most cherishcd p'lKsiFsion, Hoy ; it is, in truth, all 1 have, and people talk because I remain here." "What do they dure to sty to the pre senco of my step sister in invjjouse?*' "'i'iiey. 8:iy," replied Sylvia, drooping her head still lower, " that I wm ciicc betrothed to you, and that you jilted n:e. They siy that-that T love you still, and that I am staying on here in hopes to win you';' Aml so I mast go, Hoy. 1 coiiUl not stay on here, so long us, a spark nf true- womanhood remains in me. And' so-and so-I'm going." Sha. covered ber face nud seemed to sob in an utter ' humiliation ; and an guish. ; . t. ... . s. " Thcro is only one way in ,which you can or _ will remain, 'I suppose," "he ex claimed, impetuously, " anil that is-a"s my wife."/ //'.' .? "'?:' ..' ? . ? " Oh, Roy I"'cried Miss Monk, raptur ously,cresting her-head in 6erpent fashion, tier dull eyes burning with, lambent flames, her red,che'iks flaming into deeper carna tion. ;?/?.?.' /For aniofilant Cbetwyrid paused, ba wil^erod; . Miss . Monk waited , for-, bim to sa7-raore.' lie comprehended that his un guarded outburst; had been interpreted as a half proposal of, marriage. lie was sick at heart for a biiof space._ Recover ing himself, he said, with unconscious stern ness I '^Sylvia, I ne^er loved but once. My heart is buried with my wife. All my hopes rest in licr colli*. We'wera on«« bsCrothtd. Toh pat an end to ear cngr.gvmakt, ns.I fansied tb«M, btcaaie y#n had <Use«rsred that you did not lovo mo, and I married Bernice. My mother desired you and me to marry each other. Bernice, dying, urjrod me to marry you. Did she fancy, in that last hour, that you loved- me? The dying see clearly, it is said. Perhaps she bad heard of our former engagement, although that is scarcely probable. My. mother loved you; Bernice loved.you. I cannot permit yon to go forth to a life of toil and hardship. Sylvia, sister,' knowing what I.am, and that I have no heart to offer, will you become my wife 1" The color flamed again in Miss Monk's face. . .. J " Oh, Roy I" she breathed again, in rap; trire.' "I love you/ ,'To bo your wife' is, more thnn>I had .hoped, /- But I will.dovoto my life tp you. AVe, will ,'work . together, .and I know that-1 can" bring /back .to you a portion at least , of your' lost happi ness." / . .; / / - /. Ohetwynd smiled sorrowfully. " Such n marriage is a, one-sided affair," lie said. "Ihave so little to give in return' for your Jove. But I can spare you tho toil and/hardship of a governess's life. I .can shield you from contact with tlio. busy world, and I will try to make you happy." J ;Miss. Monk , aroee swiftly and rushed toward Jtjini _witii her . soft,, undulating movements, /, and flung. herself upon :liis breast.- ./'. / ' He started back. with a geatura of lepul sibn, but recollecting himself folded one arm around her./ They yrpre betrothed again,-and he could give her .at least a brother's caresses.. - r " Oh, Boy,, this hour pays me for all I have endured;!" cried Miss Monk. ''All I ask is to be allowed to inako ycu happy. I cannot hope ever.to tRke the .place of dear Bernice, but in-time I may come to All a little nichc. of my own' in-your-heart. -'I have suffered so .much. My life basjbeen one. long . death ^ without'.'you'. Take me closer, Roy,- and givo me ' the kiss of betrothal. At last-at last," she,wont on, " I am yours." . . ' ???.: Chotwynd put both arms around her, and said,'in a broken voice : " God bices you, . my promised . wife my .dear Sylvia! And may yourfuture happiness atone. for, tho sorrows of your past.''. -.. : , .lie bent bis'noble head and.presscd.akiss upon.her w.illing lips. , She held him to beiV .showering liisses upon, .him ? in strahg'e! un reservel. ' . . ? ? ,? .A.sigh, a- breath, a faint rustle, like the 'brusliing 'of ,a wing or the movement of a woinari's dress, came.fluttering.'.through. the room. ' ; ... ClietWynd, still holding Sylvia - to his .breast, involuntarily looked up. i, . . His a])palled eyes behcld a sight that held~ :j)ira dumb and motionless,.. lie snw'standing in the wide archway of the open sliding doors that which he be lieved to ho_ the apparition of bis lost Bernice. . > ' She stood against a faintly lit back ground of dusky blooms, perfectly revealed, yet in the midst of an odorous twilig-lit that made her seem indeed a vision from another world. \- She was dressed in white, as at her burial.. C'hetwynd's fascinated eyes noted that she wore a long, white silken robe like that.in which he.had consigned her to the tomb. He rccognised the peculiar fashion ing" of the dress, for Bhehad worn the one in which she had been buried at her first dinner at Ohetwynd Park-that memorable dinner upon the very evening of her liomc ciming. Tho low, square-cut Pompadour corsage, with frills of point lace standing up about the slender throat and fair bosom; the short sleeves ending at tho elbow in a frill of lace; the bared arms: he recognised each eoparate feature sf tho toilet he had thought so charming. But the face 1 It was strangely changed, and yet he knew it, and his heart leaped up within him at sight of it. lJcniice had been plain, with but the possibility of beauty, but this vision was gloriously beautiful, with the radiance of a rare and perfect loveliness. Spellbound, he continued to stave at her, noting the pure, frank brows shaded by crinkling masses of floating hair, the Boft and perfect contour of her face, the tender witchery of the sensitive mouth, the^ unutterable yearning and longing in the great vivid eyes of dusk. Slie looked as if she longed to speak, but was restrained by sonic invisible power. . . /;' Sylria's head bad been buried in Ohet wynd's breast. She wondered at his silence, and looked up, crying'fondly : ? ' "Call me your promised wife again, dear Roy. Kiss me again. ? Am I not to^ bo your wife 1 Arc we not to be happy jit/last ? Oh, my darliiig-" ; . /? /", , She broke off abruptly, Boeing'the shadowy figure in.tho door-.way. She.stared at the vision as if it had been Home demon sent to call her to her, eternal homo. Her hair seemed to rise on end. Her tongue was glued to ber mouth. Tho countenance of the seeming appari tion changed to an expression of ineffable despair and anguish. She opened wide ber arms as if to embrace Cbetwynd, and so, with outspread arms, and yearning, anguished face, she slowly retreated bark wan! like tho airy vision she seemed, until she bad vanished into the gloom be yond. '' Not until the seeming spectre had disap peared did Lord Ohetwynd arouse from his frozen silence. But then, as if galvanised, he flung Sylvia Monk from him in an titter forgetfulness of her, bounded across tho room .and into, the conservatory. Tho wax lights were burning dimly in tho great arched dome of glass, aiid there were dim. nooks and shadows on every side. The mar quis dashed down a wide flower-bordered aisle like a madman. The glazed doors at the lower end of the conservatory and open ing into the garden Were open. .> IIo mauo for them, uttering strange and incoherent . cries, ;. Giibert Jlouk was standing near the door, os if brought to nsudden halt. He had seen Dcmice enter the conservatory, but had been unable to nrrest her movements. He had seen her but now depart like a shadow, and ' he was in the act of pursuit when Lord Chetwynd's swift approach made him halt. The Ethemcr know that a crisis had occurred in the fortuiK'3 of himself and Sylvia, and .pon his present coolness his own future und hers depended. He was equal to the occasion. . " Why, what's the matter, Chetwynd?" lie asked, in the utmost apparent surprise. "Good gracious 1 is the man mad? Where are yon going? ' Why are you running? Great Heaven 1" you look as if yon had seen a ghost I" . . Chetwynd turned upon Monk, eager and impvtuous. ' " Did you sec hor?" ho sried. l'Hasany one-passed out this way "No one. I have bacn standing in the doorway here th^e fifteen minutes," replied Monk.wiliisecuiinic truthfulness. "Whom doyoaseek? Sylvia?" . " It was Bcrnica I'1 said the marquis, nil excitement. " I saw her as plainly as I see you, Gilbert-my dead wife, Btrnice 1 Help me io seareh the eonservatory-" Monk put on a look of alarm. . '. My dear Chetwyad," lie cxclsimed, "you aro the victim of soma singular hallucina tion. Tour brain is turned. Hara you for gotten that Iiernice is (land? IIow, then, hare you seen her? Do tha dend return from their graves? My dear boy, let me send for Doctor Hartright. You have got a brain-fever." Chetwynd shook oil Monk impatientlyi and searched tha conservatory in every nook and corner, but he found no traco of this strange visitant. He dashed out in (bo garden, and Monk went with him, but thay did not ane again the slender, girlish, white robed figure of the sscming spectrc. At length they re-ontered ths cousarratory, the marquis palo auddi^tractsd.aad r«t*rn«d to the drAYsriaf-r*»B]. Mies Meak stood before Uia/lra, hor chceks agai&clowiiig;, but fcher* wits a loek of awful rfraad anfl berror still in her eyes. She imagined that the spirit of the woman whom she believed she had mur dered had returned to haunt her for her crime. In her first horror she had been n very coward. Shu had crept away upstairs to her room, and had there given way to all her terrors. The old East Indian nurse had given her her usual remedy-a soothing draught-and had comforted her, and in spired her with fresh strength and courage. Under all her superstitions and peculiar I weaknesses, Miss Monk possessed an iron will and a remorseless nature. Nothing had, ao far, stood in her way in her attompts to win Lord Chetwynd. Now that ho was fairly won, and again betrothed to her, she determined that not even a visitant from the other world should tako him from her. Having thus resolved, she returned to tho drawing-room only a moment before Lord Chetwynd reappeared. She welcomed his return with a look of gloomy reproach. Then, as if relonting, she swept toward him, caught his arm, and cried out: ' " Oh, Roy I why did you throw me from you ? Why did you daTt away so abruptly ? You frightened me. How ray heart beats still I -What is the matter?" j " Did you not see Bernioe?" he asked. I " Were you not also'looking at yonder arch way?" - " I was looking at the archway," replied the consummate actress, " but no one was near it, Roy. What do you mean by your allusionto Bernice? It cannot bo that yon fancied you saw her ?" "I thought I saw her yonder, Sylvia. It is strange. I conld have sworn that I be held my lost wife. And ycu did not see her? Can it have been an allusion ? Gilbert was standing near the doorway of tho con servatory, and he says that no one came in or wen tout by that way." Sylvia swept a sudden, keen glance at her brother ; but his face was impassable. She determined to have an interview with him upon the subject later. Chetwynd was staggered in his belief. He put his hand to his forehead, saying, hollowly : ? " Can I have been mistaken ? Was it all a freak of my over-excited brain? It is easier to believe that than to believe that the dead can return. And yet, conld my imagination, have pictured her in all that splendour of loveliness, in the glory of a perfected beanty, the lustre of a beauty such rts I bavo never seen? I cannot explain it." He leaned against the low mantel-piece, and Sylvia laid her red.cheek on his arm in a cnrcssing fondness. "Gilbert," sho said, proudly, "my placo is here, at Hoy's side, henceforth. May I tell him,Roy? Yes? ' Listen then, Gilbert. Our old betrothal-Roy's and mine-is re-' newed. We are to be married-Roy and I!" . "I congratulate you, Chetwyn'l, upon having, won a true and loving heart," said Monk, extending bis hand to the marquis. " This renewal of old relations will assuredly prove for the best; I suppose Sylvia won't mind my telling you now that sho has loved you all along with a rare devotion. I hope you two will be happy." " I am not myself yet," said Lord Chet wynd, with a troubled smile, " I seem sud denly to make the discovery that I have nerves. I'll go to my room, if you'll kindly excuse me, Sylvia. I am greatly fatigued after my journey," and he withdrew, going up to the rooms ho had occupied with Ber nice. Gilbert Monk made a movement to with draw into the conservatory, but Sylvia de tained him. He was anxious to Bearch the grounds, in hopes of discovering Beruice, and he submitted to hiB detention with an ill-grace. _ t " What do you want?'1 ho asked, with an exhibition of surliness. .' I want to know if you were in tho cen servatory during some fifteen minutes pre vious to Lord Chetwynd's 'optical illusion?' " demanded Miss Monk, with sarcastic em phasis. Monk replied in the affirmative. " And you saw no one enter or go out ?" Monk hastened to utter a negative. .' I den't believe you," said the refined Sylvia, with considerable rudeness. "I know better. I saw the ghost, if it . was, a ghost, and so did you. What is your object in denying the fact to me I have no object. I saw no ghost, and I can swear to my denial, if you choose. You must have been reading Mrs. Crowe. You would do better to think of tho great victory you have WOD, I advise you to hasten your marriage. I have nearly run through my thousand pounds, and I want more. You remember that you promised me an annuity of a thousand pounds on your becoming Lady Chetwynd. Hurry up the marriage. That is my advice." He kissed his fingers to her carelessly, and sauntered away into tho con servatory. Miss Monk looked after him with a puzzled frown... "I wish I knew what scheme occupies him now," she thought.,Gilbert has changed during the past year.' -I must confess he is getting too deep for me. I can't fathom him. What prompts him to deny that ho saw that figure in white? * If it was a spectre, he must have seen it, since it was visible to both Roy and me. If it were not a spectre, what was it? On my soul, I believe Gilbert knows." With this conviction Misa Monk went up to her own rooms. She found old Ragee in the dresiing-room, just unlocking the doors of tho precious East Indian cabinet. The old ayah started at Miss Monk's entrance, and hastened to lock the doors opening; into tho "hall. She then returned to the cabinet, and opened the secret compartment and todk but the tiny gold box of rare East Indian D01S0X1S* ? - % "What are you going to do?" asked Mibb Monk, sinking into an easy chair. .. " I want to see that my glnlmks lmve ii'it been tampered vith," responded old llngec. "I feel uneasy, Missy, about that ghost. It can't bo possible that 1 made a mistake in the vial, but I intend to see. If I had made a mistake the girl would have died in her coffin all the same-no, alie would have recovered her consciousness, nt the end of three days. It's alright Missy, but I'll just mate sure." Miss Monk watehed her attendant with languid interest, while tho ayah opened the two viala vc have just before described. "There were one hundred globules in each," muttered tho old woman. "I took one out of vial number two, leaving ninety nine. 1 will count thom." Sho proceeded to do BO. "It's alright," sho announced. "There are just ninety-nine remaining. I can't tell wbai made mo so foolish, but just as soon as yon fpoko of tho ghost I felt a desire to look at these vials." " Look at the vial number three," said Mi&s; Monk. " Still, that's all nonssnso. It's alright, only tbsre's ona thing sura, Rftgee-Gilbert knows something about that ghost, or whatever it was. He swears he saw nothing-. I wish I knew what gams of bia owa he was playing. Thore'a OHO thing ears-he knows the seeret of that mysteri ous intrnderof to-night. The old ayah's weird eyes gleamed with a Budden light. She hurriedly seined upon the third vial, opened it, and began hastily to count its contents. A look of dismay camo over her faco when she had finished. '. Can't yos make it count right ?" asked Mios Monk <»ith Bndden interest. " There's only ninety-eight globules here," answered the old woman, blaukly. " And there were a hundred ?" " Exactly that-a hundred in each' vial." " Ton may have dropped a couple and Miss Ifoak btjfftH to scarcb. " Stay, Missy," said tUo old ayah, in a tone »f deo» aigaifiaaaeo. " Aw<rw me a qscatUn : Was Silberk at bane »m fcfca tho day that Lady Okotwvnd was takoH ill ?" " Yes. Don't yon remember that he was in my boudoir before dinner?" " Was he in yourbondoirbefore we opened this cabinet, and had our conversation about Lady Ohetwynd ?" " Yes ; he went out, and I called you, and we came in here." " Ah! And he wns back in three day's time ?" " Yes. I telegraphed him that Lady Chetwynd was dead. Yon knew all this. Why do yon ask bo many unimportant questions ?" " Simply to confirm my own suspicions and remembrances," said the old woman*, her black face growing yellow. Missy, Gilbert Monk ia as keen as a tiger that ccents blood. He&uspeoted; us. When ho went out from your room that day ho must have slipped in here. The doors were locke.d, it ia true. How did he get in f Witha'bitof wire, perhaps. Qe is keen, is Gilbert- Monk. He hid in there; he beard all wo said. I remembor I went to my own room for another vial. Only one link is wanting to make the chain of my suspicions complete aud deepen them , into dead ccrtainty. If yon bad been absent from this room a moment-" Miss Monk uttered a singular cry. 111 was absent," she ejaculated. " Lady Chetwynd camo to the door of my boudoir for a pieco of music." " Then all is clear. Gilbert changed the globules, and took an extra one out.of this vial number three. He was back in three days. He gave her ladyship more of the drug. She was buried. He rescued her. He has liiddeu her somewhere all these months. Lady Chetwynd lives. It was no ghost, but Lady Ohetwynd herself, whom you saw to-night I" 