B EATRIC E. Br RIDKR UAOQABD, Author of "She," Allan Quatermain," " King Solomon's Mines," &o.; CHAPTER XI. BE&TBICE; MAKES AN APPOINTMENT. Lady Honoria leaned back in the cab, and 8ljhed a sigh of satisfaction. "That 13 acapitalidea," she said. "I was; wondering what arrangements you could make} for Ithe next three weeks. It ja ridiculous .to! ptof three'ipineas a week for rooms just'for? you and E£5e. The oldgentleman only;wants, row for board and lodging together, for taskddr him." • , „ "I daresay; it will.'do," said Geoffrey.' "When are we to shift V ' '" To-morrow, in time for dinner, or rather supper. These barbarians 6at supper, you. know. I go-by the~morwn<jtr» ; n, you see, so art© reach Garsington by tea time, I daresay you will find itrather dull, but you like being dnlL • The old clergyman is a low stamp of man and a bore; , and as for the eldest daughter,r Elizabeth, she's too awful—she reminds me of a ; , rat. But Beatrice is handsome enough, though I think her horrid too. YouH have to oonsOle' yourself with her, and I daresay you will suit eaoh other." • '' Why do you think her horrid, Honoria!" t *JOh, I don't know ; she's clever and odd,! ana I hate odd women. Why can't they be' like other people? Think of her being strong : enough to save your life like that, too. Shej 'most have, the muscle of an Amazon—it's downright Vmwomanly. But there's JIO doubt : j atooather beauty. Sne is as nearly perfect as ai&girl; lever Saw, though too independent' • looking. If only one had a daughter lite that,' how one might, many her. I wouldn't look at • ; anything under twenty thousand a year; She : is too good for that lumbering Welsh squire ."she's engaged to—the man who lives in .the. ' s&yheig; fairly tiaL." Geoffrey, "how do yon engaged?' "Oh, I don't know it at all, but I suppose ahe is. If she isn't, she soon will be, for a girl in that position is not likely to throw suon a' chance away. At any rate, he's head over ears in love with her. I saw that last night. He Waa hanging about for hours in the rain, outside the door, with a face like a ghost, till ho knew whether she was dead or alive, and ho's been there to enquire twioe this morning. Mr. Granger told me. But she's too goodjtor him' from a business point of view. She might many anybody, if only she were put in the' way of it," Somehow, Geoffrey's lively interest in Beatrice sensibly declined on the receipt of this intelligence. Of oourse it was nothing to him: indeed he was glad to hear that she was in the way of such a oomfortable settlement,' but it is unfortunately a fact that one cannot be quite as much interested in a young and lovely lady who is the potential property of a " lumbering Welsh squire," as in one who belongs to herself. The old Adam still survives in most men, Tiowever right thinking they may be, and this is one of its methods of self- assertion. "Well,"he said, "I'mglad to hear she is in suoh a good way; she deserves it. I think the Welsh squire in luck; Miss Granger is a remarkable woman." "Too remarkable by half," said Lady Honoria drily. "Here we are, and there is Effie, skipping about like a wild thing as • usual. I think that child is demented." On the following morning—it was Friday— Lady Honoria, accompanied by Anne, departed in the very best of tempers. For the nert three weeks at any rate she would be free from the galling associations ' of straightened means—free to enjoy the luxury and refined comfort to which she had been accustomed, and for which her soul yearned irith a fierce .longing that would be inoom- • prehensible to folk of a simpler mind. Everybody has his or her ideal Heaven, if only one . could fathom it. Some would choose a sub- , limated intellectual leisure, made happy by all the best literature of all the planets; some a model state {with themselves as Presidents), in . which the .latest Radical notions oould actually (through their beneficent efforts) be got to work to everybody's satisfaction; others a happy hunting ground, where the game enjoyed the tun as much as they did; and so on, ad . infinitum. . Lady Honoria was even more modest. Give her a well appointed town and oountiy house, a few powdered footmen, plenty of carriages, < and other needful things, including of oourse .the entree to the upper celestial ten, and she . would ask no more from age to age. Let us hope that 'she will get it one day. It would hurt nobody, and she is sure to find plenty of ' people of her own way of thinking—tnat is, if this worid supplies the raw material. She embraced Effie with enthusiasm, and Tier husband with a chastened warmth, and went, a pious prayer upon her lips that she might never set eyes upon Bryngelly again. It will not be necessary for us to follow Lady Honoria in her travels, That afternoon Effie and her father had great fun. They packed up. Geoffrey, who was rapidly recovering from his stiffness, pushed the tilings into the portmanteaus, and Effie jumped on them. Those which would not go in they bundled loose into the fly, till that vehiole looked like an old clothes shop. Then, as there was no room left for them, inside, they walked down to the Vicarage by the beach, a distance of about three-quarters of a mile, stopping on their way to admire the beautiful Castle, in one comer of which Owen Davies lived and moved. "Oh, daddy," said the child, "I wish you would bujra house like that for you and me to live in. Why don't you, daddy V "Haven't got the money, dear," he answered.- • • when tiimanlf. " It would take a great many pennies to buy a house like that, wouldn't It, daddyJ" said Effie sagely. "Ties, dear, more than you can oount," he answered, and. the conversation dropped. Presently they cams to a bostshed, placed opposite the village and close to high-water mark. Here a man, it was old Edward, was engaged in mending a canoe. Geoffrey glanced at it and saw that it was the identical canoe Out of which he had so nearly been drowned. " " Look, Effie," Baid he, " that is the boat out of which I was upset." Effie opened her wide eyes, and stared at the frail craft. "It is a horrid boat," she said; "I don't want to look at it." "You're quite right, little miss," said old Edward, touching his cap. I "It ain't safe, sod somebody will be drowned out of it one of these days. I wish it had gone to the bottom, I do; but Miss Beatrioe, she is that foolhardy there ain't no doing nothing with her." "I fancy that she has learnt a lesson," said •Geoffrey. « ^ ^ ^ Vbe," grumbled the old man, * Wit women folk are hard to teach; they neverleam nothing till itts too late, they don't, and men when they've been and done it they're eotty, but what's the good o* that ?" ; Sleanwhile another conversation was Jn progress not more than a quarter of a mile away. On the brow of theclifl stood the village of Bryngelly, . apd at the back of the village was a school, a plain whitewashed building, roofed vnihatBOB, which, though amply sufficient and mutable to the wants of the plaoe, was little Bbortof an abomination in the eyes of Uu Majesty's lordly School Inspectors, whio from tune to tune descended upon BryrigMly for purposes of examination and fault-finding. They yearned to see a stately red-brick edifice, with all the latest improvements, erected at thie expense of ™ - r * LW,tt yers, but as yet they yearned m vain. The school was supported by voluntary con-, tribntions, and .thanks to Beatrice's energy and good teaching, ihe dreaded Board; with hs fads ana extravagance, had not yet clutched it.) Beatrioe had returned to her duties that afternoon, for a night's rest had brought back its vigour to her strong, young frame. She tad been greeted with enthusiasm by the children, who loved her, as well they mighty for she was very gentle and sweets with them, though none dared disobey her. Besides, her beality impressed them, thoogh they did not ' know it. 1 Beauty of a certain sort has perhaps more effect on children than on anyother class, heedless and selfish as Shey often seem to be., . JChey .feel its power j it is anoutward expression of the thoughts and dreams that bud in their unknowing- hearts, and is somehow mixed up with their ideas of -God and heaven. Thus there was in Bryngelly a little girl of ten—a very clraver and highly excitable child—Jane Llewellyn by name, born of parents of strict Calnnistic views. As it chanced, some months before the opening of this story, a tub-thumper of high renown and considerable rude oratorical force visited the place, and treated his hearers, to a lively discourse on the horrors of helL (To be continued. J 