'--LECTURE (O~"POPULAR SSppERSTITIONS. ; A~ amusing and instructive lecturc was de. livered on the 8th August in St. Luke's school-.oom oi popular t stperstitions y the Rev. Percival, of St. John's, introduceed by the ReI. G, I. Armstrong, who o..cupied the chair. Mr. Armstrong said yon wvill all see that the lecture Mr. Percival is about to deliver is one of a series. 'The Rev.'gentle man commenced by saying, iLalies, and Gentleman,-4Ian aware that I am treading on dangerous ground, but, if anyone objects' to in? atatemdcits I hope they will challenge me. Divination by stars held empire over the minds of men for ages,' divination by cards, teacups, etc., was placed great faith in. Young maidens examined the dregs of the cup to know if her love affairs would prosper. . Cards are only 400 years old, while divination and dream-telling dates from the time of Moses; we are told dreams go by. contraries.: In E'iigland'and America old women are looked on as oracles., There are two books published professing to in terpret dreams and fortell events, they are Mother Bridget's and Mother Norwvood's dream hooks, and have gone through no less than 50 editions, dreams are differently in terpreted in different countries. We are eager to conjure up things to frighten our selves with; this is not 'confined to the uneducated.. A General of some repute gave up non undertaking because a winding sheet appeared in the candle. Another superstition that 13 is an unlucky number to sit down to table is still believed in by some. Dr Kitchen says it certainly.is so if there is only enough for twelve. The practica of curseying to the new moon and turning your money is still done'bhyrome. Happy is the bride that the casn shines 'on derives its origin :from th' old bcsrom-of marrying in the.church porch where, if the weather was not propitious the bridal party would et wet. In Fiance, Germany, and England, there are over 100 houses sap posed to -be: haunted. On':in Aix la Chappelle was unhabited for. five years, when it was discoveredthat the mysteriousa noises were caused by the baeck' door latch not fastening properly..r.- In many eases haunted houses owve their bad names,to men. The Monks of.Chntillyl cast covetous eyes bn:the-palace,'they did not like to ask King Loais for it, so hit upon a plan to give it the reputation of being haunted, they sueceded no well that the King i?'vasngld to give it to them on, the., understanding that they exorcised the spirits and laid the ghosts in the Red Sea.' Of dourseo hen they got pos iession all the trouble disappeared, and they (the ,Monks) were left in possession of a fine property. TiThe rev. gentleman' gave two vreadings, one the '"Pleas'nt.journey frmi 'IHarry.. Lmrrcmuer,". -and. the. 'other, "The Irish Hedge Schoolmaster.'" Mr Percival wvaslistened to witle gicat attention and namusement.. .The lecture was given in connection with the Young ien's Mutual Improvement Society. After "God Save the?Queen,h the iudiencoe eplraitd in high good humor.i ' ' ' 