ECHOES FROM FALL MALL. From Our Correspondent. LONDON, 4tii July. Tho barometer of female education is set " fair " for first class, and thero can be no longer any question about intellectual capabili ties. No fewer than nino ladies' names aro thus distinguished in tho various tripos lists of the year at Cambridge, though some of them, it is true, are in Botany. In Paris a young lady — of uuursc aazzingiy ueauiiiui — nas ou-ameti me highest place in the LL. D. examination. Her -thesis bad for its subject Tho Status of Mothers in Roman Law, a subject that appears a little menacing. These learned ladies will require to havo their own status recognised ; and, indeed, it seems absurd enough that a lady should hoad the list of competitors, and yet, as in the case of tho senior wrangler, reap no reward. But what we must also bo prepared for in this intellectual revolution is vagaries. The LL.D., who is tho daughter of wealthy parents, has already announced her intention of " pleading only for those who aro too poor to pay for counsel." As sho is going to practice at Bucharest this' will not affect tho gentlemen of tbo loug robo in this country ; but .supposing tbat an English lady barrister should take this lino ! That would flutter tho dove cotes of tho Inns of Court considerably. It is thought to be bad enough when a lady pleads her own ease in jormd pauperis ; but the idea of her pleading for somebody else's, and for nothing, is alarming indeed. What will become of the great traditions of the law, and, what is of much more consequence to tlio lawyers, of its great charges ? " Wo arc ruined by Chineso cheap labor," exclaims a gentlemen, who if not a lawyer was designed for one. and this is a much mors serious caso of competition. Tbo gentlemen in the lower branoh of the pro fession will also suffer as much as the barristers, for who would employ a ilicitor whom lie had to pay instead of communicating personally and directly witli a beautiful and gratuitous female counsel ? When a poor literary man lias com plained to his barrister friends of the competi tion lie Buffers in his, profession from lovely woman ho has been hitherto met with jeers ; we shall soon see how thoy like it. A young Hindoo wifo has committed suicide under circumstances which even the most rigid moralist may woil consider excusable. Like tbo idlo boy in tbo didnctio Btory, she " could find nobody to talk with or ploy with nobody that is who could be called anybody. By the rules of her faith she was only permitted to convciso with her husband's sisters and younger brothers. Imagine tho position of anyone addicted to conversation, and only allowed to talk to their brothers-in-law and their sisters-in- law. The poor lady must have had no resource from boredom, except in quarrel. Suttee, I havo read somewhere, has been abolished, a painful coremony, no donbt, but soon over, and not to bo compared witb boing bored to death. There are said to bo missionaries in India, but what can they be about ? A lady applied to a Loudon magistrate some months ago for redress against her perjured swain. Throe times, she said, he had promised to marry her, and been oven taken to the altar, but the clergyman had alwayB declined to per form tho ceremony beoause hor "young man" was intoxicated. " But why do you take him to the church in that stato ?" inquired his wor ship. " Becauso sir, when ho i3 sober I can't got him there at all. " It now appears that oven when intoxication is not objected to by the officiating minister, it is not a dependable guarantco of marriage. At Odessa, the other day, a wedding party who had "breakfasted" previous to tbo proposed ceremony, wero all in this happy condition, including the priest himself, who, in the temporary and unobserved absence of tho bridegroom, married tho young lady to his best man. When the scivice was ended tiie genuine benedict staggered in, nnd a very nice point in Russian law has now to be decided, namoly, to which of tlio two gentlemen does the bride belong ? In theso days of bubble companies it is a great thing to know exactly whom you are dealing witb and to bavo a personal guarantee. This desideratum, it anpears from recent disclosures, is found in tho Investors' Protection Society; Ono individual is tbo society, and bis benevo lence seems as well assured as his financial posi tion. He has been going about tbo country in a monk's dress and with a barrel organ, in order to raise £43,333 6s. 8d. (exactly) to bnild a houso for wnifs and strays. Tho house iB not yet built, and indeed only £60 has boon col lected, against £300 of expenses, but persevcr- anco (next to credit) i3 the soul of com merce. Groat astonishment lia3 been expressed at tho prices realised by tlio MSS of Willtie Collius's novels. It is thought extraordinary that tho original draft of The Woman in While, one of the most attrnctivo fictions of the century, with tho alterations nnd erasures that exemplify tho characteristics of the writer's mothod of work, should have been sold for £330, when twice that sum is ofton paid for a piece of crockery, the sole cause of tho valuo of which is its having a trado mark, which cannot be seen till you havo turned it bottom upwards. A manuscript of similar interest, The Perils of Certain English Pri soners, written by Dickens and Collins hi con junction, witb notes and letters, also brought a largo sum. ThiB was ono of tho very best, though perhaps ono of tho least known, of tho famous Christmas numbers which doliglitod us 30 years ago. I seo, by tho bye, that tho present summer number of All the Year Hound has, for tlio first time since the great novelist's death, his. well loved name upon its title page. It is written by his granddaughter, Mary Angela Dickens. An English lady, presumably resident in the United States, has been writing to an American magazino this month to tell it how very superior Bho thinks American novels are to English ones. They havo impressed her by their knowledge of character and absence of incident, which is a vulgar thing in a story. Mr. Barrio, in tho Contemporary Review for Juno, has noticed the snmo admirable peculiarity. Tho American novelist convorses with tho author of leanhoc on the matter and points out tlio flaws in his art. "The story of a novel, my dear sir, is of as little importance as tho stone in n cherry. I havo written threo volumes about a lady and gentleman who met on a oar." " Yes ! what happened to them ?" in quires Sir "Walter blandly. "Nothing happened. That is the point of the story." Still I don't think those superiorities, however evident, should bo dwelt upon. Suoh com parisons, if not actually odious; are in bad tusto ; but what seems strange, if this literary lady is right, iB that American authors always com plain that they are not read in their own country, while English authors aro read. Tho lady, howover, is not only "a great reader," nnd therefore fitted to sit in judgment on this momontous question, but has, it seomH, the gift of reading aloud. "I not only enjoy reading A Yankee at the Court of King Arthur very much," she says, " but I road hits aloud to any one I can getjo listen." How delightful to be shut up with suoh a young person on a wet day. should be ignored by tlio daily papers, is going on in somo weekly ones, chiefly of a religious character. It is - tlio question of how ohop assistants are treated by thoir employers, and considering tho very numerous class whom it concerns, the reason for this " conspiracy of silence " in 'other quarters must, one fears.be set down to tho fact that "counter jumpois," as it is tho brutal fashion to call them, have no votes. Unlike roost other callings, they have never even been mado the subject of a novel with a purpose, except, indeed, in Ten Thousand a Year, wherein employers and shop assistants are lashed with an impartial whip; "The assertion of the latter is that they are underpaid, overworkod and fed in so insuffi cient a manner that he who joins their body, or rather their skoleton, is said to have joined " tho starvation army." About the overwork thero is littlo dispute. Tho better class of employers seems to admit that the hours are too long, but attribute it to " unprincipled tradesmen" who, by keeping thoir shops open unnecessarily late, compel others to do tho like. The payment, too, is only a mutter that the iron laws of supply and demand make it very difficult to deal with, but in this case does not affect actual livelihood, sineo sliop assistants have their meals provided for thorn. Tlic battle therefore rages chiefly upon the subject of the meals themselves. Tho general assertion upon the one side is that the food is good and wholosome, but that what is expected by the complainants is (to borrow the words of tho lato Mr. Bounderly,- of Coketown) to be fed witb turtle soup in a golden spoon; tbo general assertion on the other is that, so far from turtle soup, the maal provided for them is " hard broad, butterinc, cheap cheese, tho oheapest moat, badly cooked and soppy, washed but tea and coffee and wator tho year round." There is littlo doubt tbat both statements are true ; that in short thero are employers and employers," and it would be very desirable to discover on which sido the fault generally lies. One employer gives a very humorous though obviously prejudiced view of bis " young persons" whicb, if even exaggerated, is so far satisfactory that "it shows they have plenty of spirit; indeed, it reminds one of a bouse master's report of his unruly schoolboys. "My assist ants object to crust3," ho says, " and leave them for my children to work through. They fre quently partly eat their bread and butter nnd leave tlio residue. Thoy cut tlio cheese most unmercifully out of tho centre. In winter thoy have a penchant for toasting bread and butter at tho dining room fire. Some assistants do not like hot meat." Horo tho omploycr eortninly seems to " protest too much ;" but be sticks to it, as his young friends stick to their toasting. " There aro two of thom who consider hot leg of mutton as a personal injury. . . . From tho quantities of mustard, salt, pepper and vinegar they take, it is easy to understand (a true.touch of tho commercial mind) how certain firms make largo fortunes out of theso condiments. . . . It is too much to oxpect them to be punctual ; when not under supervision they rush down to breakfast within five minutes of clearing away time. Supper, too, they would much prefer should lio about all tlio evening. They havo too little time, poor things, to keep their clothes properly, although I often hear them making a noise overhead up to midnight sufficient for a colony of rooks." One would very much like to hear the view taken of tho stato of affairs in this gentleman's houso by ono of his lodgers. Tbat also would sure to bo amusing reading. Indeed what strikes one most, next to tko necessity of a mutual understanding betwocn these two classes, is tlio desirablo manner in which, from a literary point of view, tho con troversy is being conduoted. If tho press were all ono way of thinking, and it was not our way, its dogmatism would be insupportable ; but as half of it thinks as wo think, thora is no objection to it on that score. Nevertheless it was an apt rejoinder that was mado in a olub smoking room tho other night to ono who quoted tlio wiso old saying ( apropos of tho cocksure utterances of kings) that " egotisms are not improved by converting them into nostracisms." "I think your philosopher would have put it quito as strongly had ho lived in an ago of editors." How far tbo stage can be mado tho handmaid of tiie church is doubtful. It is a far cry from Obor Aminorgau to, say, tho Gaiety Theatre, and it is difficult to class all dramatic performances under one head, with rospect to their effect. Some writers have averred, indeed, that upon . the wholo they all work together for good. One of them tells us that " At tho worst tliey teach our young men good manners, and wliatovor may be the piece virtue is triumphant and vice punishcd.at tho last, which cannot fail to lcavo a good impression." Even in our own day we have n divine who assorts that not only plays, but -tho ballet, has a distinctly moral influence. However, this vexed ques tion will now, let us hope) be set at rest for ovor. The Rev. Virgil Massoy (uephe'w of ox- Senator Massey), of Texas, is about "to unito tho pulpit and the stago " in his own proper person (says tho Chicago Tribune), and wo shall seo how it works. "Ho will act six days in the week and preach on Sundays." Tho paper does not tell us where, but presumably both performances will take place in Iris chapel. What ono fears is that be will bavo two wholly different congregations, so that tho "union" will not bo cffocted. Moreover, there is another danger — through the mingling of tho two per formances in his own mind, or the association of idoaB induced by the locality, ho may got a littlo mixed and fall iuto the error of preaching on the stage and acting in the pulpit. The first at all events will be fatal. Tlio answers which our boys give under exami nation have of lato been made much uso of, and also afforded some remunerative " copy" to their pastors and masters. It seems to me rattier a breaoli of confidence. Supposo an editor, instead of throwing tho mora ridioulqus contributions ho receives into the waste basket, was to print them for tho amusement of tho publio ? Nay, tbat would bo more excusable, becauso tbo contributors, however mistakenly, look forward to a publication, whereas tho boys certainly do not. It would add n now torror t<5 thoir examinations if the young gentlemen could foresee that thoir roplies wero destined to form tho padding of a magazino ; that thoir views upon tho solar system, constitutional govern ment, the Greek particles and other subjects in whicli thoy bavo taken so great (though en forced) an interest, were to become publio pro perty and prized in invcrscd proportion to thoir valno. Upon my life, though I havo laughed witb tho rest, I think it is rough on the boys. Under these circumstances it gives one pleasure to read some bond fide replies, given by somo lads at a benevolent asylum tlio other day, which though of limited ranges, avo at least ns sensible ns could be oxpeotod from nn adult. "When asked under what description of government thoy should liko to live, our juvenile constitutionalist nnswors, "Under ono in which tho king oan do as he likes." In science, too, tho answers wero not ovor burtboncd witli thoso learned themes in which the youthful mind gonerally gets so hopelessly befogged. When asked "What is olectricity ?" thero was n pain ful pause. Doubtless in somo minds the great principles of " induction " were struggling in hopeless oonfusion for tlio mastery ; but one boy held up his hand with ardor aud confidence, "Please sir, nobody knows, sir." Tlio venue of a law caso has beon chnnged through tlio intervention of a ghost. The spirit of a rioli land holder is said to havo " inter viewed " tho parish sexton and told him that lie had "inadvertently left £2000 to a Dissenting body whioh ho likd intended for the Church." Tbo Dissenting body naturally objected to this work of tho Spirit. "Will tho ghost be called as a witnoss?" inquired tlio judge. But though thero was " laughter " in the court at this, his Lordship was assured that local feeling ran so high, both for and against tho ghost, that tho caso ought to be tried out of its immediate influence. Ghosts nre rare in courtB of law, but nothing is mora common thnn for a convicted prisoner to call heaven to witness by the extinction of some physical organ — generally the eyes — to his snow like inno cence. On one of these occasions a lato judge gravely observed, "I havo waited a reasonablo time, and since no change such as you led us to cxpoot has taken place in your visual organs, I now proceed to pass sentence upon you." 