The Cab-Driver's Story. Sb k By Mary Kyle Dallas. s it SWe all have ouropa and downs, I suppose. t I have hal, I know. Once I had not had a fare all day nor, for the matterof that, the day before. 'Perbaps, having grown a little t seedy, people picked out a sprrcer cabman., Anyhow, there I sat, disconsolate and wretched upon my cab floor, with my feet dangling out, not caring how soon the end of the world came, for, besides my low T spirits, it was a drizzly, chilly, uncomfort. I1 able evening, when 1 saw a figure inside the a park that put me in mind of old times, and took me back to the country place a where I was brought up, as a picture of it iight. There was a girl there then called Lizzie , Murray-a beauty, people said, with eyes as black as jet, hair just one mass of ripples, u and a cheek like a peach-a girl who was f said to bare the fincst bust and smallest t waist and foot of any girl about-a girl the fellows fell in love with in the most sur prising way. I liked her myself, and she i, might have done what she chose with me, ui and men richer than I would have been glad to marry her. C But she thought of somelbhig higher than , being a working man's wife ; and when at ei last a fashionable young fellow, who had 1, come down to the hotel with other fashion. tc able people, began to cast admiring looks t upon her, she fancied, I suppose, there was no need of being civil to common folks any i longer, so she just cut us all, and for a il while some thought that young Benton ti really was going to marry her. He followed her wherever she went. He gave her splendid presents, and he seemed to worship the very ground she trod upon. He kept it up all summer long, and when he went away she told her friends that he was coming back at Christmas time a to marry her. t She believed it when she said it, and no doubt he told her so; but he never came d near her again. She had been very proud of the match site was going to make, and very fond of him, and she was terribly crushed down by _ his desertion. After a while people began to whisper and talk about her, too, and pretty soon the women of the place would have nothing to do with her. She lived with her brother and his wife in a little white- framed house k in the village, and a good many people will remember the day they saw her leave that house-turned out of it in shame and dis- d grace-going with her baby in her armns to wards the road that led to the city. They had been as hard with her at home as others were, and her sister-in-law would never hear her name again. And no one knew what it had become of her. c Now that figure in the park, sitting on a bench in all the rain, in its tawdry finery, i with that strange look about it you can't de scribe, but which you never see in good women, put me in mind of Lizzie Murray. i It was coarser and heavier, and it was not a young girl'sfigure, but for all that it looked h like her, and it looked too, like a woman who had seen terrible hardships, and maybe, 8 had no home to go to. I sat wondering whether it was all fancy or whether Lizzie Murray had really come to this, and yet looking out for fares all the t while, and hailing every man and woman who went past with "Have a ride, sir?" or b "Havea ride, ma'am 1" when I saw coming n across the park, with a portmantean in his hand, a fine-locking gentleman, who looked as if he had just come off a Journey. He looked like a fare to me. You get to know 'em at sight, and I got up and held the door e open, waiting for him. li It was raining sharply, and mine was the only cab on the stand, and I saw Iim hurry d when he felt the drops. But just then the woman on the bench sprang up and caught p him by thearm. t I saw her face then, and felt sure it was Lizzie Murray, and whenheturned it flashed , into my mind in a moment that if he had t lived so long, that Mr. Benton, who had i; wronged her so, would ha7e looked like this. i saw that he was nervous about themeet ing, and thitas he broke away she followed him ; and when, almost without a word, lie stepped into my cab, she came close and would have spoken to him again, but he cried out in an irritated voice: : "If you have anything to say, step in. Den't attract the attention of everybody in t the street. We can talk as we ride." And she stepped in. The look on her face as she did so made me think that whether she were Lizzie Murray or not, she was a very dangerous person. " Where to?" I asked, and he seemed to aska question. "To No. - -street, for this - this lady," be said. "Afterwards to No. Madison Avenue, for me." Then he said harshly, for I heard him I plainly : " Come, say your say out I You haven't long to say it in. "What do you want? money ?" I heard her laugh, and then I drove on, and the rattling of the wheels kept the voices from my ear, except now and then when they were raised a little. Night was coming on fast, and by the time I reached the street he had men tioned, it was quite dark and the rain pour ing. I was wondering how the numbers ran, and had not found the right one yet, when I heard the woman calling me to stop, and when I did so, saw her jump out at once and shut the door behind her. The gentleman never stirred ; but I did not wonder at that; he was not likely to be very polite to such a poor creature. "Is this the number?" I said. "No," she answered. "It's far enough for me though. The gentleman wants to go on to Madison Avenua." Then I saw her by the light of the street lamps, as I turned my horse, walk away in an odd, hurried manner, her draggled dress dipping in the pools of water on the pave ment, her poor bonnet half off her head, and all her handsome hair dropped down her hack, as if the combs or pins had fallen out. * It's poor Lizzie Murray, certain." I said, and drove towards Madison Avenue. I felt oddly enough to think who had rid. den in my cab, and that neiiher of them knew me. It was anything but a pleasant feeling I had to my passenger, thinking as I did Ihow he had brought Lizzie to be the poor creature she was, and remembering her such a pretty, light hearted girl; and when. I came to the number I felt so mortified that it was hardly in a civil voice that I called : " Here you are, sir I" and waited for him to get out of the cab. But: he didn't stir. So, after calling again, I jumped from the box and opened; the door. My fare was lying against the opposite; window, as I thought, sound asleep. "Hello, sir l"I called. " We'reat No.-'" lie never moved. I couldn't see his face, but I put out my' hand to shake him awake, and felt him so cold and still that I was frightened. \When I lifted him up he fell back heavily upon the seat, and I felt sure something was: the matter with him. It was a bad position for me. I thongKht for a moment what 1 should do, and then. ran up the steps of the great house opposite me and rang the bell. o A servant opened it, and a child came run ning out calling "Papa." That took my breath away, and the sweet lady's face be hind in the hall. " Tiils iNo.-!" I said. i" Yes," said the man. "A gentleman told me to drive him here. He's in the cab-ill, I'm afraic,". I said. And I saw the lady turn pale. . SIt is not my husband, Mr. Benton ?"he cried. And I said: , " If Mr. Benton is your husband, molam, I'm afrid it is." . - Then the servant came down to thecabl with me . My fare was lying where Ihbar. left him, his head against. t; side of thi") cab. We lifted him out and took him up I the marble steps into the great house. . The lady shrieked and the child cried ; he l never stirred. There was blood all over his ..................... vest, and when we unbuttoned it we found that soons sharp, small kind of weapon had been plunged into his heart. It must have killed him at once, the doctors stid. I think so,too, for I heard en cry. I hadto give my < . ince, of course; but it was not worth as much as a bit of paper the policeman found in the cab-a leaf of one of those tracts the street missionaries give to folks who will take them; a queer thing to write such words on as were writ ten there with a pencil. These were the words: "I have killed the man who rained me. Ten years ago heblighted my life. I've fuI lowed him to end his, wherever I met him, all that time. This is my first chance. I was a good girl when he came between me and heaven. His fatebe on hisown head. ' LIZZIE IMURRAY," It did not tell me more than I knew be fore; but I kept all shut to myself, and was glad they did not find the wretched woman until one day a body was washed ashore from the East River, and some who knew the face said it was that of Lizzie Murray. I drive my cab still, and I've had better luck of late, and am well off enough not to sit brooding often as I did that evening. Bst I never drive it in the evening but that story comes back to me, and I feel glad when Isee my fares get out alive and well, or if it is empty and I am driving back, now and then 1'll feel my blood curdle and be half afraid to look behind me for if the ghost stories they tell were true, who knows but the spirits of the two I had for passengers once might come back to take a horrible ride there, as bad spirits are said to come some. times. 