IRovdtst. THE HAUNTED HUSBAND; Oii, tads* Chctwyiid's Spectre. .. v 1 Uy Mhs. Hamuet Lewis. CHAPTER XIII.—(Co>-TrsGED.) But now the door of the bath-room opened suddenly, and a slender, white robed figure stole swiftly into the hallj as if pursued, and glided like a beam of* light along tbe ball to the rear intersecting corridor. It was Bc-rnice! Monk flew after bc-r in bis list shippers as silently as she. She ran fleetly down the long hall and turned aside into the corridor, Monk behind ber. They bad scarcely passed beyond tbe great hall when Lord Chetwynd opened the door of tbe bath-room, and came out in •wild pursuit. But Bernice and Monk were both beyond the range of bis vision. The seeming spectre was flying along the dim corridor toward an unused portion of the extensive mansion, not stopping or looking back. She gained another hall, from which a flight of stairs ascended, and went up the stairs with still rapidity. Monk came swiftly a little way behind her. She must have been conscious of the pursuit, but still she did not cast a backward look oret her shoulder. Up one flight, then another, and Bernice had gained a region of unused attics in the more ancient portion of the dwflHing' She ran across a dim passage into a little, bare and empty room, lit up by the moon light tiia+. streamed In at the dormer win- j dows. She had run into a trap, and seemed to realise the fact, for she ran about tbe room wildly, and then retreated to a farther corner, uttering a low, strange cry, and covering her face with her hands. Monk entered the room, and closed the door. Bernice,_ in her moonlit corner, panted and trembled. Monk pushed the bolt borne in its socket, and approached her. " Bernice ]■' lie said, softly. The girl started, with a ringing cry, and looked up at him with distended eyes. " Gilbert!" she ejaculated. " I—I thought it was Roy." ^ is I- I heard from Mrs. Crow! that you had strangely disappeared from Mawr Castle, and 1 knew you would come fcere. I arrived myself only to-night." " YV ith ll'»y Oil, how he is changed, Gilbert! My poor darling! How grave and stern he has grown ! And how his soul leaped out at me from his eyes ! He is looking for me now. Hark! Js be comino this way ?" ° *' No, bernice. These rooms have not been used in years. He will not find you." ' I must go to him.' cried the girl, in her sweet, impetuous voice. *l Now—now this minute! I knew you were at the Park, and I went to your old room. Gilbert, but you were not there. Release nje from my oath. I must go to my husband." " Bernice, listen to me. I have something to say to you first—" ° "Not a word. Why, he's looking for me now. He thinks me a ghost, lie'lease me from my cath. I must sjo to him. Is he calling? Let rue g.i. Gilbert. In God's name, let me go to my husband J" " Not yet, Bernice—not until yon listen to what I have to say,"' said Monk, firmly. " Chetwynd thinks you a spectre, as you say. He will go back to bis room presently. There's time enough; but you must listen to ine." '• Then speak quickly. How can I wait ? He thinks me dead—he wants me—" "How do you know that be wants you J" J asked Monk, in crisp, hard ton?s. Bernice scarcely seemed to understand. 1 Monk repeated the question. _ *' How do I know ? Why, because I want him. Ob, I love him so ! * I must go to him. Release me from my oath, Gilbert—" " Hear me first. Bernice, I have thought you the bravest, the noblest, the most gener ous of wom.;n, bat you are selfish like the rest. You are not capable of self-sacri fice." " What self-sacrifice ?" asked tbe girl, in a sharp whistier. Are you capable or a sublime self-abne gp.tiou demanded Monk, his black eyes all aflame. '-Can you immolate Self on the altar of your husbands happiness ! I have thought that there was in you the siuff of which martyrs are made ; but, ah ! you are like all the rest, regardful only of your own patty love. And yet Uiure have been women what have sacrificed themselves for their husbands—" ''Gilbirt, what do y.u mean?" cried Bernice, her voice ringing sharply on the air. " What was your last act before falling into the trance in which you were consigned to your tomb I" asked Monk, in a stern voice. Bernice seemed about to answer, but paused, deathly white. £* Yuu remember ? Your last act was to clasp the haniis of Chetvwnd and Sylvia Monk together. And what was vour last words ?" No answer came from the girl's white lips. She began to understand his <irift. " Your last, words were to beg Chetwynd, after a snitab'y season of mourning for you, to marry Sylvia Monk," declared Gilbert, in his passionless voice. Was it not so ?" Bernice looked at him durably, a world of gathering woe in her great vivid eyes of gloom. __lLYou_donot contradict me. Your last act those two who had been so terriblJ parted.' And they were glad you gave them back to each other. After consigning j-ou to the burial vault, Chetwynd returned heme and bad a private interview with Sylvia. In that interview all was made straight be tween them, Chetwynd thought it best to spend the year of bis mourning abroad, and he went. He would not expose his future wifeto malicious comment. He returned to day. This very evening Chetwynd and Sylvia renewed their former engagement. Your day is past—it is another's now ! Your place is filled. You are not wanted here. The revelation that you live will only bring dismay and honor. Bernice, from my soul 1 pity you ' My heart bleeds for you !" The girl drooped silently on her knees in the wide stream of moonlight, and bowed her head low on her breast. " There have been women," said Mont, after a long silence, " so self- abnegating that upon such a return to life they would go away in silence, without revealing the blasting secret of their continued life. Are there such women now?" There was a long and terrible pause. Monk waited in breathless suspense for her response, but he had long to wait. At last her low and broken voice cut sharply through the stillness, with the words : " but I am his wife, you know. We said, • until death do us partand I'm not dead, Gilbert. His second marriage, while I live, would be illegal." " Not so. Death annuls all ties. You seemed to die, and were buried. You are supposed to be dead—you are dead, in the eyes of the law," said the villain, with an air of reluctant sincerity. "If you were to reappear, it is possible that your marriage ceremony might have to be performed again to make you Chetwynd's wife. I repeat, that in the eyes of the law you are dead. Chetwynd's second marriage would be legal and valid.1' The girl, brought up in a far island of the sea. knowing nothing about law, profoundly ignorant upon many points on which an English school-girl is well informed, having implicit reliance upon and faith in the man who had rescued her from the tomb, believed him ! " I will go away," she said, in a voice so strange that Monk hardly recognised it. '■ I am dead in the eyes of the law. It will be no crime for them to marry. I heard him call her his * promised wife;' I saw him kiss her. They shall be happy. I love him so well that I will die even for his sake 1" "And you will go back to Mawr Castle?" The eirl nodded dumbly. " I'll find Flack. He shall hire a carriage, and drive you to some station beyond East bourne. It would not be well for you to be seen even in Eastbourne. Flack will ac company you back to the castle. You have done a brave, grand, and noble thing in giv ing up Boy, Bernice. I admire you for your sublime self-sacrifice. I will make your future my cbaige. I will be your brother, will watch over you, and try to make you haj/py. Wait here, Bernice, while I go to find Flack and send him for the car riage. I will return and see you safely out and on your way with him." Bernice again nodded assent, and he went out, leaving her alone in the bare, cold room, in the pile stream of moonlight. He made his way down to the edge of the park, and readily found Flack, who was smoking a pipe in the shadow of the trees. Monk communicated the fact of his success, and sent his ally to the little inn at Chet wynd-by-Sea for the required carriage. Having seen him depart, fully instructed, Monk stole back again into the house. All was still now in rooms and corridors. lie crept along the dim passages, and ascended the stairs to the attics. He entered the little room in which he had left Bernice. She was not there ! He stood as if trans fixed. What had happened ? Hud she been dis covered ? Had she repented her self-sacri fice 1 Ilis wild eyes detected the gleam of paper on the floor in the broad sheen of the moon light. He bounded toward it and picked it up. It was a leaf from Bornice's note-book, and there was writing on it. He struck a fusee, and read the irregularis scrawlei words. They had been written by Bernice, and weie as follows: "Gilbekt: I have given him up. I shall respect my oath not to reveal my identity ; but I cannot leave him j'et. One more look at his dear face—to hear his voice again— to see him sleeping—surely I may be per mitted these without fear of wronging any one. Do not search for me. I may go back to Mawr Castle in time—not now. My only thought now is that he is here and I must be near him, myself unseen." That was all. Monk sought for her through all the hours of that night. He listened at Chetwynd's door ; he was in an agony of unrest and foreboding, for his search was in vain. He did not find herl 