MISCELLANEOUS. There are 4,000 rag-pickers is Paris. Report says that the Light election is to be upBet. The Bank of France employes 160 female clerks. There are hardly a dozen Jews in the British Army. A portable house of paper has recently been constructed at Hamburg in Germany. Last year there were 3,131 calls to fires in London, 594 of them being false alarms. Mr. Ash, the new M.P. for Albert, is said to be studying: for the law. During the recent elections there were nearly 9,000 plumpers. The champion was Mr. Stock with 317. A compass which sounds an alarm if a vessel is allowed to get off her course is one of the latest inventions. At three vegetarian restaurants in Lon don the dinners daily eerved up average 1,550. One firm of London drapers are Baid tu sell 12J million pairs of gloves per annum. Italy has five lady doctors — three in Bologna, one in Florence, and one in Rome, who is doctor to the Queen of Italy. At lease one-fourth of the land surface of the globe still remains unexplored and comparatively unknown to the civilised nations of the earth. In London, within a radius of half a mile from St. Paul's Cathedral, 22,000 females find daily employment in callings for the most part anything but lucrative. A rich lode of uranium, a very scarce metal, deb been discovered in Cornwall, in England. Owing to its scarcity this metal has hitherto brought £2,400 a ton. In the Musical Directory for 1890 are given the addresses of over 7,000 ladies and gentlemen in England who gain their live lihood entirely by music. Lord Inverurie, our Governor's eldest eon, is shortly to be sent home to England to study at Eton, and afterwards go into the army. About 250 applications have been re ceived for the office of Inspector of Home stead Blocks, the salary being £200 per annum and travelling expenses. A Bill has been introduced into the Ho'tiae of Commons in England which states ' that it is sot expedient that large areas of land should be accumulated in the hands of a few persons.' Professor Buchanan, of the Glasgow University, says that only one per cent, of the young men who enter medical classes with a view to qualifying in surgery and medicine ever become medical men. A Turkish bath is the simplest meanB of ridding the skin of all impurities. An Eng lish paper recommends its readers who may be unable to take one to rub unsweetened gin into the pores on going to bed. The extent of London, that in tn mt. the extent to which there are continuous streets or rows of houses, may be taken to be from east to west about 20 miles, end from north to south about 13 miles. A new disestablishment agitation has started in New York. Trousers are declared to be an anomaly, and males are invited to abolish them, and to revert to knee-breeches and stockings. Mr. Barnutn, before be left England, con fided to Mr. Gladstone that he lost £10,000 by taking his show to London. He did not grodge this loss, however, and regarded the visit to England as a splendid advertise ment. New Yorkers are offering a 200 dollar prize for the best method of breeding in sects which will prey upon and destroy the mosquito. This must be an error; it is probably 200,000,000 that is meant. A flea exterminator would be worth more ! At Frankfort, in Germany, is a firm which possesses the exclusive right to sell antipyrine powder, the specific cure for in fluenza, and in a very short time they made a clear profit of 400,000 marks (£20,000) out of the sales. ' It's an ill wind that blows nobody good.' During a few weeks previous to the day of election for the District of Onkaparinga one of the candidates, who lives almost within view of the Adelaide Post-office ciock, is saia to nave attended tne German churches in Onkaparinga and joyfully sung German hymns. And yet he was not elected ! The genus ' mining expert' exists in China. ' Messrs. Chew Ling Quaw, Koo Kai, and Tong Sing Kon, Chinese mining experts, have arrived in Sau Francisco, California, having been commissioned by the Emperor of China to investigate and report on American methods of working gold-bearing quartz.' A terrible tragedy is reported from Somerville, Tennessee, where a negro boy, aged 11, decapitated his mother with an axe. He was subsequently found playing with other children, and, on being ques tioned, said that his mother laid her head upon s block, and ordered him to cut her head off, otherwise she would kill him. A ehort time ago a Swahili elave-dealer secretly conveyed by night s small cargo of slaves on board a dhow at Bagamoyo for transport to Zanzibar. The German officials discovered this the next morning. iook tne aeaier ana tne slaves from the dhow, handed over the slaves to the French mission, and tried and hanged the slave dealer. Hiccup is often a most distressing and obstinate complaint. Usually relief can be obtained by directing the patient to hold the arms straight above the head, and to keep inspiring as long as is feasible, so as to retain the air in the lungs for as long a period as possible. The oxygen of the air acts as a stimulus in provoking the parox ysms, and the carbonic acid in the unex pired air acts as a sedative in warding off the hiccup. One of the latest things in fashions is the ' American shoulder.' It consists of a coat padded at the shonlders in a manner quite unique. Pieces of lead of an im posing size are employed in the process, and when the dude is properly ' fixed op' he appears with a sort of epaulette arrange ment that is calculated to transfix the gaze of the less enlightened observer. A West 3nd tailor SaVR that, hfi is Tintiinn l-li-iiii- iii of lead into some of his ' padding-.' The rice-lily grows abundantly in parts of South- Western Georgia, United States. : is extremely sensitive to the light. The blossoms fold up at night, but open in the morning. At night, when the lovely white blossoms are closely enfolded in the purple covering and the flowers are asleep, if a lamp is placed near them they will gra dually open and turn towards it. If a strong light is placed on the side of the vase continuing them, the fanlf of the bouquet that faces the lamp will be unfolded, while the other half that is in the shadow will re main tightly closed. According to the New York Herald, there ie in course of construction in the neighborhood of London an sir ship, designed on an entirely new principle. Its' inventor claims that it will be perfectly manageable, that in calm weatber it will be capable of attaining a epeed of from 120 -o 150 miles per hour, and that against the stiffest kind of head wind its epeed will not be less thau 80 miles per hour. Above all things, it will be buoyant. It is to be lar^e enough to cany a crew of several men and dynamite to make it very uncomfortable should it be dropped upon any city or for tress in the world. A great scandal has been created in North uermany owing to a youmrui memoer oi one of the principal mediatised families having been privately married by the Prince's domestic chaplain to a wealthy, middle-aged Jewess, the widow of a Ham burg merchant. The reverend chaplain is said to have received £1,000 as a present for his services, and the offended Prince who is the head of the bridegroom's family has commenced proceedings in. the Coblentz High Court with the object of having the marriage declared invalid, as there is au an cient ecclesiastical law in the Rhine Pro vince which prohibits mercenary unions. A scientific journal reports the discovery in India of an electric plant. At a distance of eix yards the magnetic needle is affected, whilst it ie violently agitated on being brought closer to the plant. The intensity of this strange influence varies according to the hour of the day. It reaches its cul minating point at 2 p.m. and becomes altogether dormant during the night. In a thunderstorm its energy increases in a remarkable proportion. - When it rains, the plant appears to droop and lowers its head, remaining flaccid and without force even when protected with an umbrella. No bird or inBect has ever beeu seen to alight on the electric plant ; they seem to know by instinct that eudden death awaits them there. Belief in witches and 'ill-wishing' still lingers in Cornwall. Within two miles of Penzance live two families on adjacent farms. For 12 months the whole of the Jilbart household have believed that Mrs. Clarke, their neighbor, who is 71 years of age, was a witch, and bad ill-wished their horses, so that they suddenly refused to pull, and started kicking. On Tuesday evening two young men of the Jilbart family went to Mrs. Clarke's farm and threatened to murder Mrs. Clarke, who complained to the police, and warrants were issued. At the Penzance Police Court on March 6 the elder brother swore that he believed Mrs. Clarke ill- wished their horses, causing them to kick and jib. Both young men were bound in £20 each, with a surety of £20, to keep the peace for six months. Grave disorders broke out recently at the University and the Agricultural Academy of Moscow. Five hundred students of both establishments were arrested with the aid of two squadrons of gendarmes and Cos sacks. The disorder arose from a dispute with the students' inspector at the academy, but eoou became a serious affair. The students signed petitions claiming the re establisbmeat of the liberal regulations of 1863, and asking for religious equality be tween Christians and Jews. The streets round about the University, which is in the centre of the town, and counts 3,500 students, were held by numerous troops, and all traffic was stopped. The papers were obliged to keep silent on the subject, though it of course formed the general topic of conversation. As similar disorders took place there in 1888 most of the students compromised wilt probably be expelled the University and many from Moscow. The other evening, while the compositors of the Bombay Gazette were busy in the composing-room on the first floor, a full grown and very vigorous cobra dropped from the roof, in which there are windows, and fell on the floor. The intruder and those intruded upon realised at once the danger of the situation, and took measures to evade it. The cobra made straight for an open window and got outside on to a ledge, where it was dispatched by a few blows from sn iron bar. As this happened in a lofty room on an upper floor in a crowded part of Bombay, where no gardens or trees exist, the question arises how the cobra could have made his way to a position of 'vantage over the heads of a considerable number of workmen. The theory is that the reptile was brought to the town in a cartload of hay or fire wood, and, escaping into some shed, worked his way upwards to the roofs of the higher buildings endeavor ing to seek a place of safety. At the (Lambeth) Police Court, John Murray, aged 50, commission agent, and Thomas Edwards, aged 46, coffee-house keeper, Coldharbor lane, Brixton, were charged recently with having in their pos session a gold keyless watch and chain, with compaBB attached. Detectives Williamson, Ward. 8nd M'Carthv bad for some time been on the look out for persons supposed to belong to a gang of thieves infesting conti nental and other steam vessels. Detective Williamson stated that when he took Murray into custody he threw away a walking-stick, which was found to be very ingeniously contrived. By removing the handle and pressing a spring a pair of clips were protruded from the end of the stick. These dips were such as were used by thieveB travelling by steam vessels and at railway stations. The instrument was known as the 'Continental magic stick lift.' In the Bukowina, according to the Daily News Vienna correspondent, a rich landed proprietor has been sentenced to seven months' penal servitude, with occasional days of short rations and sleeping on a plank bed, for inhumanly torturing a farm servant, and bis associates have ench been sentenced to three months' hard labor. The proprietor had discovered a theft in his house, and suspected a young laborer, whom he charged with it. The youth swore he knew nothing of the theft, and the landlord, to make him confess, tortured him by placin t sticks crossways between his knees and under his arms. When the man, who, in fact, was innocent, refused to confess after an hour of this treatment, the landlord, with his servants, hong him up on a crossbeam in the same torturing position, and left him there another hour, when, to free himself of what he could no longer bear, he confessed everything im puted to him. The landlord appealed against his sentence, but the appeal was dis missed. An inventive genius has hit upon a novel mid horrific ideal warship. He says his invention will make the navy impregnable and unassailable. The idea is to have upper decks which can be heavi'f charged with electricity. The dynamos »dl be down in the engine-rooms. Ordinarily they will not be in use, but when the vessel is in action, instead of attempting to evade the enemy or sail away, she will court the boarding-party from the antagonistic ship, really invite as many sailors and marines as will Come over from the enemy to board her. Then all our sailors and marines will go below, the enemy will swum over our vessel's side with their bloody cutlasses, and, presto! our engineer will touch an electric button, and they will drop along our decks like dead flies in July on fly paper. ' You see my ship will be one huge death trap to the enemy, yet an impregnable har bor of refuge for our men. My plan * lays over' all the defensive armor of guns of heavy calibre ever inveuted.' Although the United States make np a wheat area of about 37,000,000 acres year after year, with a steadiness verifying the general observation that the acreage is sta tionary, the different states of the Union show very important changes in the past two years. In Iowa, in 1889, the average was only 1,604,838 acres against 2,683,676 acres in 1886, a decline of over 1,000,000 acres in a single state. The acreage taken from wheat has been devoted mostly to dairy farming. The states east of the Mis sissippi and Missouri show in most cases & decline in the acreage, and there are a great many farms ' to be let or sold' in the New England States. In the west the acreage is increasing. Kansas grows wheat on 1,680,000 acres, against 792,394 acre9 in 1887 ; California on 3,291,820 acres, against 2,766,235 acres ; end Dacota on 4,431,004 acres instead of 3,664,707 seres. ThuB Dacota has a wheat acreage nearly double that of Great Britain. The following stories of superstition are told by 'E.A.K.,' describing in Temple Bar 'The Ways of the East':— One day an English magistrate was paying a visit to a Hindoo gentleman, who was an old friend of hie. in the course of which he happened to yawn ; to bis astonishment up jumped the Rajah as if galvanized, and began furiously snapping his fingers in startling proximity to his face. Observing his visitor's look of unfeigned surprise, be ex plained that this was done to scare away the devils, who might otherwise seize the opportunity to jump down his throat. How strange it seems to ui this practical belief in devils, and fear of them, combined with eo insultingly low an idea of their intelli gence and power ! I once heard, however, an odd instance of the same fear and yet contempt for unseen powers shown by ad English lady in the beginning of this century — a bishop's wife, too! — who was afraid of ghosts, and if left alone in the house would whistle ae she walked through the passages at night in order that the ghosts might take her for a man. One of the most interesting contributions of Professor Nordenskjold to popular science is his examination— when ahout 80deg, N. lat., before reaching Parry's Island, to the north-west of Spitzbergen — of the enow which covered the icebergs, and which had come from stiil higher latitudes. He found it strewn with a multitude of minute black particles, spread over the surface or situated at the bottom of little pits, a great number of which were to be seen on the outer layer of enow ; many of such particles were sleo lodged in the lower strata. The dust, which became gray on drying, the professor found to contain a large proportion of metallic particles attracted by the magnet, and capable of decomposing sulphate of copper. An observation made a little later upon other icebergs proved the presence of similar dust in a layer of granular crystal line snow situated beneath a stratum of light fresh snow, &nd; another of hardened snow. Upon analysis Professor Norden skjold found this matter to be composed in varying proportions of metallic iron, phosphorus, cobalt, and fragments of diatomacese. An amiable and unsophisticated American has been lately duped in Paris to a re markable extent. He went to the Auteuil races, where be met a bookmaking ' black leg,' who induced him to back a horse. The Yankee did so, and had the luck to choose the winner, but when he went to gather in his Napoleons his bookmaker had vanished. Perceiving somebody who resembled the rascally ' weleher,' the native of the United States followed him and had him arrested. The stranger, however, was able to prove an alibi, so the American, in order to compensate him for the trouble caused by the mistake, invited him to dinner at a leading restaurant. The stranger, after having made eome polite excuses, at last yielded to the temptation held out by the prospect of a good meal, and accompanied the American to the gastronomic resort. There the Transatlantic young man soon forgot his adventure on the racecourse, but unluckily he partook too freely of the most exhilarating of the wines of France, and had to be carried out of the restaurant and placed in a cab. He reached his hotel finally, and was there suddenly sobered by the startling discovery that he had not a stiver in his pocket. His store of ready cash, amounting to over £100, together witn some ramuy papers, nan oeen stolen from him during the course of his highly injudicious carouse. A rich popular farmer died somewhat suddenly in the village of Sooroffsky. He had been seen in the enjoyment of excel lent health on a Thursday morning, and was found dead in bis bed on Friday morn ing. He was prayed for and duly ' waked,' after which he was carried to the grave, almost all the inhabitants of the village, inclusive of the priest, following him to the churchyard. Just as the body was being lowered, the lid, which had been fastened rather loosely with wooden naile, began to rise up slowly and detach itself from the coffin, to the indescribable horror of the friends and mourners of the deceased. Then the dead man was seen in his white shroud stretching his arms upwards and sitting up. At this sight the gravediggers let go the cords, and, along with the bystanders, fled in terror from the spot. The supposed corpse then arose, scrambled out of the grave, and, shivering from the cold (the mercury was 2 deg. below zero, Fahr.), made for the village as fast as his feeble ness allowed him. But the villagers had barred and bolted themselves in against the ' wizard,' and no one made answer to the appeals he made, with chattering teeth, to be admitted ; and so, blue, breathless, trembling, he ran from hut to hut, seeking eome escape from death. The miserable man, dazed by all that had happened that morning, and suffering from cold and hunger, was soon overpowered, and his neighbors, with many pious ejaculations, transfixed him, though alive and unhurt, with holy aspen stakes to the ground in the court before the hut. When things bad reached thie point, the priest, who bad re covered somewhat from his terror, came upon the scene, with a half-developed idea that perhaps, after all, the alleged corpse had been plunged in a lethargic sleep, and might recover and live as before. But he found the unfortunate man pinned down to the earth with the aspen pales, with no manner of doubt about his death. The police superintendent fStanovoy), who lived close by, then arrived, and also saw the murdered man, and made inquiry into the manner of hie death. 