BEATRICE. (By Rider Haggard.) CHAPTER XXI. THE THIRD APPEAL. £aca to face they stood, while at the vUion of her Bweetness his heart grew stilL Pace to face, and the faint light felt upon her tender loveliness and died Id her deep eyes, and the faint breeze fragrant with the breath of pines gently stirred her hair. Ob, it was worth living to see her thus ! 'I beg yonr pardon,' she said in a puzzled tone, stepping forward to pass Hie gate. 'Beatrice 1' She gave a little cry, and clutched the railing, else she would have fallen. Ooe moment she stayed so, looking op to wards his face that was hid in tbe deepening shadow — looking with wild eyes of hope and fear and love. ' lis it you,' she eald at length, ' or another dream.' 'It is I, Beatrice !' he answered, amazed. She recovered herself with an effort. ' Then why did yon frighten ine so 1' ehe asked. ' It was unkind — oh, I did not mean to say anthing cross. What did I eay 1 I forgot. I am so glad that yon have come !' and she pat her hand to her forehead and looked at him again as one might gaze at a ghost from the grave. 'Did you not expect me ? Geoffrey asked. ' Expect you ? no. No more than I expected — ' and she stopped suddenly. ' It is very odd, he said ; 1 1 thought you knew that your father wsb going to ask me down. I returned from Lon don with him.' 0 r j > -i- j < r c cuui jjuuuuu, tuiu uiuruiureo. & did not know ; Elizabeth did not tell me anything about it. I suppose that she forgot.' ' Here I am at any rate, and how are you V Oh, well now, quite well. There, I am all right again. It is very wrong to frighten peoplein that way, Mr. Bingham,' she added in her usual voice. Let me pass through the gate and I will shake hands with yon — if,' she added, in a tone of gentle mockery, ' one may shake hands with so great a man. But I told you how it would be, did I not, just be fore we were drowned together, you know ? How is Effie ? ' Effie flourishes,' he answered. ' Do you know, you do not look very grand. Your father told me that you had a cold iu the winter.' and Geoffrey shivered as he tbought of the cause. ' Ob, thank you, I have nothing to complain of. I am strong and well. How long do you stay here ? 'Not long. Perhaps till Tuesday morn ing, perhaps till Monday.' Beatrice sighed. HappioeBS is short. She had not brought him here, she would not have lifted a finger to bring him here, bat since he had come she wished that he was going to stay longer. It is sapper time,' she said j ' let us go in.' So they went in and ate their sapper. It was a happy meal. Mr. Granger was in almost boisterous spirits. It . is wonderfal what a difference the pos session of that two hundred pounds mads in his demeanour : be seemed an other man. It was trne that a hundred of it must go in paying debts, but a hundred would be left, which meant at least a year's respite for him. Elizabeth, too, relaxed her habitnal grimoess ; tbe two bnndred pounds had its influence on her also, and there were other geoial influences at work in her dark secret heart Beatrice knew nothing of the money and sat somewhat silent, but ehe too was happy with the wild unreal happiness that sometimes visits ns in dreams. As for Geoffrey, if Lady Honoria could have seen him she would have stared in astonishment. Of late he bad been a very silent man, many people in deed bad found him a dull companion. But under the inflaence of Beatrice's presence be talked and talked brilliant ly. Perhaps he was unconsciously striv ing to show at his very best before her, as a man naturally does io the presence of a woman whom he loves. So bril liantly did he t»lk that at last they all oat ctifiu uuu liaiv-ueu tij uiuif auu might have been worse employed. At length sapper was done, and Eliza beth retired to her room. Presently, too, Mr. Granger was called out to christen a sick baby and went grnmbling, and they were left alone. They sat in tbe window-place and looked out at the quiet night. 'Tell me about yourself,' said Beat rice. So he told her. He narrated all the steps by which he had reached hiB present position, and showed her how £ !L L. :_LJ ' A iL. imm it lie mignb ruse iu l>uo vupuAuov heights of all. She did not look at him, and did not answer him, bat once when be paused, thinking that he had talked enough abont himself, she said, 'Goon ; tell me same more.' At last he had told her all. Yes, she said, yon have the power and the opportunity, and you will one elan ka nmnnr tTia foromneh Iflpn fll UflJ WD auiwug MM 4VSV1UWWV uaww — your generation.' - ' I doubt it,' he said with a sigh. ' I am not ambitions. I only work for the sake of the work, not for what it will bring. One day I daresay that I shall weary of it all and leave it. But while I do work, I like to be among the first in my degree.' Oh, no,' she answered, ' you must not give it up ; you must go on and on.' CCUUIUc U1C| Olio buuuuucuy " him for tbe first time — 'promise me that while, you have health and strength yon will persevere till yon stand alone and qnite pre-eminent. Then you can give.it up.' ..'Why should I promise you this, Beatrice? Because I ask it nf you. - Once l saved your life, Mr. Bingham, and. it gives me some little right to direct, its Course. I wish that the man -whom. X saved to the world should boamong'the nfUL "Ihh lu huQ WOUQf UOv aO c'WQMli|i | which is. an accident, but in intellect and force. ' Promise jhe thiB and j.Whalle happy.', , -r... ' I promise you,J lie said, I promise that 1 will try to rise because you &k; it, not beoau8eth_e;jp.rospect attracts me;; but as he spoke -bis heart was -wnxng. it was bitterto hear her speak time of K future In whichehewpuldfaave do share, which, as frerwords7 Implied, would be a thing utterly apart from her, as much apart as though she were dead. ' Yes;' he said again, ' you gave me my life, and it makes me very unhappy to think that I can give yon nothing in return. Ob, Beatrice, I will tell you what I have never told to any one. I am lonely and wretched. With the exception of yonrself, I do not think that there is anybody who really cares for — I mean who really sympathises with me in the world. I daresay that it is my own fault, and it sonnds a (1 II mi It a ft nre tliinr Ia Ann am J > > fa. bion, a selfish thing. I never shonld have said it to any living sonl bat you. What is the use of being gnat when there is nobody to work for ! Things might have been different, bnt the world is a hard plaice. If 'you— if you — ' At this ' moment his hand touched her's ; it was accidental, but in the ten derness of his heart he yielded to the temptation and took it. Then there was a moment's pause, and very gently she drew her hand away and thrust It in ner oosom. ' You have yonr wife to share . your fortune,' she said, 'yon have Effie to inherit it, and yon can leave yonr name to your country.' Then came a heavy pause. ' And you,' he said, breaking it, 'what future Is' there for yon ? " She laughed softly. 'Women have ;no future and tbey ask none. At least I do not now, though once I did. It is enough for them If they can hirer so little help the lives of others. That is tbeir happiness, and. their reward Js — rest,'....- ' f Just then Mr. Granger came bock from his christening, and Beatrice rose and went to bed. ' Looks a little pale, doesn't she, Mr. utuusiu t oaui uci A. she must be troubled in her' mind. TheJ fact is — well, there is no reason, why I should not tell yon ; she thinks so much of you, and you might say a word to brighten her up— well, it's abont Mr. Daviea. I fancy, you know, that she likes him and is vexed because he does not come forward. Well, you see — of course I may be mistaken, bnt I have sometimes thought that he may. T have seen bim look as if he was thinking of it, though of course it is more than Beatrice' has got any right to expect. She's only got herself and her good looks to give him, and he is a rich man. Think of it, Mr. Bingham,' and the old gentle man turned np his eyes piously, 'just think what a good thing it would be for her, and indeed for all of us, if it should please God to send a chance like that in her way ; she would be rich for life, and such a position ! But it is possible one never knows ; he might take a fancy to her. At any rate, Mr. Bingham, I think you could cheer her np a little ; there is no need for her to give np hope yet.' Geoffrey bnrst into a short grim laugh. The idea of Beatrice languishing for Owen Daviea, indeed the irony of the whole position, was too much for his sense of hnmonr. Yes,( he said, 'I daresay that it might be a good match for her, bat I do not know bow she would get on with Mr. Davies.' ' Git on ! why, well enough, of coarse. W QDlsn Ant eoft, and o,n etjueccv 'into most holes, especially if they are well lined. Besides he may be a bit heavy, but I think she is pining for him, and it's a pity that she should waste her life like that. What, are you going to bed! Well, good-night — goodnight.' Geoffrey did go to bed, bnt not to sleep. For a long while he lay awake, 1 thinking. He thought of the last night which be had spent in the little room of its strange experiences, of all that had, happened since, and of the meeting of to-day. Could he after that meeting, any longer doubt what were the feelings with which Beatrice regarded him ? It waa difficult to do s i, and yet there still was room for error. Then he thought of what old Edward had said to bim, and of what Mr. Granger bad said with reference to Beatrice and Owen Davies. The views of both were crudely and even vulgarly expressed,' but tbey coincided, and what was more there was truth in them, aud he knew it. The idea of Beatrice marrying Mr. Davies was, to put it mildly, repulsive to him ; but. nap he any claim to stand between ner and so desirable a settlement in life I Clearly, he had not, his conscience told bim so. Conld it be right, moreover, that this kind of tie which existed between them sbonld be knitted more closely 1 . . What would it mean ! Trouble, and nothing but trouble, more especially to Beatrice, who wonld fret her days away to no end. He had donB wrong io coming here at all, he had done wrong in taking her band. He wonld make tbe only reparation in his power (as though in 8UCQ « Cise uutfa ui settiriuti repaid- tion were now possible!) He would efface himself from her life and see her no more. Then she might learn to for get him, or, at the worst, to remember him with bnt a vague regret. Yes, cost what it might, he would force himself to do it before any actual mischief, en sued. The only question was, shonld Itn aa tti etlinw 4 fitinnM hi nnf fixall U« MVM gV ' W UU wv" ber that she would d > well to marry Mr. Davies 1 Pondering pver (his most painfnl question, at laBt he went to sleep. "When men in "Geoffrey's unhappy position .turn penitent andsee.-the error of their ways, the "prudent resolves that ensue are apt to overshoot the mark and to partake of an aggressive nature. Not satisfied with leaving things alone, lucy must ucoua utisbcu MI ptwuxiui their new found virtue to the partner of their fanli, and advertise their in fallible . specific 1 (to bB taken by : the. partner) for restoring the status quo ante. - Sometimes as a consequence, o'f; this pious zeal . they, find . themselves misunderstood, or even i succeed tin pre cipitating the catastrophe which they laudably desire to prevent The morrow was -Whit - Sunday, and a day that Geoffrey . had occasion jto pe member for Hie "rest 'oflusi 7!Th(:y B4I LiloU w, - wm WW.WJ — — » wards went to church, the service being at half- put ten. By way of patting into effect the good Jyeeolutiops with which, he was sip. buByipitving an inferno of his. own, Geoffrey did not sit by Beatrice, bat took a" seat at the end of the httiRchnnch, close to/ihe.dfxp", ap(l tried to "console., Jiimsejby looking at her. 4 - " It was a onrions edflen-natured day. and though there was not very much snn t&ieair; was as hot as though they were in midsummer. Had they been in a volcanic region, Geoffrey would have thought that such weather pre ceded a shock of earthquake. Ajs it was he knew that the English climate was simply Indulging itself at the ex pense.of the population. Bnt as up to the present, the season bad been cold, this knowledge did not console him. Indeed he felt eo choked in the stuffy little church that jast before the sermon ( which be. hannnned to be aware was not written by Beatrice) he took an op portunity to slip oat unobserved. Not knowing where to go, he strolled down to the beach, on which there was nobody to be seen, for, as has been observed, Biyngelly slept on Sundays. Presently, however, a figure approached walking rapidly and to alt appearance aimlessly, j and In it he recognized Owen Davies. He was talking to himself while he walked, and swinging bis arms. Geoffrey stepped aside to let him pass, and as he did so was snrorised aud even shocked to see the change in the man. His plump healthy looking face had grown thin, and wore a half-sullen, half- pitiful expression ; there were dark circles round his blue eyes, once so placid, and bis hair would have been the better for cutting. Geoffrey won dered if he had had an illness. At that moment Owen chanced to look round and saw him. ' How do you do, Mr. Bingham ? he said. .'.I -heard that you were here. They told me at the station last night. ; Yon see this is a small place -and one likes to know who comes and goes,' he added as though in excuse. He walked on and Geoffrey walked with him. ' You do not look well, Mr. Davies,' he said. ' Have you been laid up ? 'No, no,' he answered, 'lam quite right ; it is onty my mind that is UL ' Iudeed,' said Geoffrey, thinking that he certainly did look strange. ' Per haps you live too much alone and it depresses yon.' 'Yes, I live alone, because 1 can't help myself. What is a man to do, Mr. Bingham, when die woman he loves will not marry him, won'c look at him, treats him like dirt ? ' Marry somebody else,' suggested Geoffrey. ' Oh, it is easy for you to say that — you have never loved anybody, and you don't understand. I cannot marry any body else, I only want her.' Her !. Who ! Who! why, Beatrice — who else Do not stand iu my path now. If you only knew what I have suffered, how I have prayed God night after night to give me Beatrice, you woald help me. Say that you will help rae j You are - one of those men who can do anything; she will listen to yon. If yon tell her to marry me she will do so, and X shall bless yon my whole life.' Geoffrey looked npon this abject sup pliant with the most unmitigated scorn. There is always something contemptible in the sight of one man pleading to an other for assistance in his love affairs — could a miu wait to marry, ii once ne had seen her. But she will not have me ; she hates me.' 'Really,' said Geoffrey. ' Yes, really, and. do you know why 1 Shall I tell you why ! I will tell you,' and he grasped him by the arm and whispered hoarsely in his ear : ' Beciuse she loves you Mr. Bingham.' 1 tell you what it is, Mr. Davies,' said Geoffrey, shaking his arm free, I am not going to stand this kind of thing. Yon mast be off your head.' ' Don't be angry with me,' he an swered. ' It is true. I have watched her and I know that it is true. Why does she write to you every week, why does she .always start and baton u>Vi»n anybody mentions your name! Oh, Mr. Bingham,' Owen went on piteousiy, ' be pitiful — you have your wife and lots of women to make love to if you wish — leave me Beatrice. If you don't I think that I shall go crazed. I have al ways loved her, ever since she was a child, and now my love grows faster and stronger every day, and carries me away with it like a rock rolling down a hill. You can only bring Beatrice to shame, bat I can give her everything, as much money as she wants, everything that she wants, and I will make her a good husband; I will never leave her side.' ' I have no doubt that wonld be de lightful for her,' answered Gsofirey but does it not strike you that all this is just a little undignified ! These remarks, interesting as they are, should be made to Miss Granger not to me, Mr. D ivies.' . ' I know,' he said, ' but I don't care ; it is my only chance, and what do I mind about being undignified 1 Oh, Mr. Bingham, I have never loved any other woman, I have been lonely all my days. that is a business which he shonld do for himBell How much greater, then, is the humiliation involved when the amorous person asks the aid of one whom he believes to bB his rival — in the lady's affection 1 Do you kaow, Mr. Davies,' Gaoffrey sid, I think that I have had enough of thia I am not iu a position to force Miss Granger to accept advances which according to your account appear to be unwelcome. But if I get an opportunity I will do this : I will tell ber what you eay. You really must manage the Test for yourself. Good morning to you Mr. Davies.' . He turned sharply and went while Owen watched him go. ' I don't believe him,' be groaned to tVimaelF will fcrv to make her his lover. Oh, God help me— I cannot bear to think of it. But if he does, and I find him out, let him be careful. I will rain hub, yes, I willraiu him ! I. have the money add I can do it. Ah, he thinks pie a fool, they all think me a fool, but I' haven't been quiet all these: "years for nothing. X can make a.ndieo if necessary. And if he is a villain God .will help'jfne to destroy him. I prayed ttiGod, and God will ijelp< me.' '"& k- '-f Thon K» wnt hack rtb the Castle. Oweni Davie? was a type of the class of religious merxwho believe "tfaiit tfrey;can enlist the Almtohty on the iside otfha desires, provids||oufy)fcafrtlioae delirij i receive sanction <Jof haman4aW« : caBtomT- r-v Thus witMnteventyXmir hoars Geof frey rereiregirless ro&Itijuee; ap- peals to be!pHie>BOman whom wmnli to the Mms.'of wdististeful husband. No wonder then that he grew almost superstitious about the matter. chapterT XXLL A NIGHT OF STOEM. That afternoon tbe whole vicarage party walked np to the farm to inspect another litter ofyonng pigs. It struck Geoffrey, remembering former editions, that the reproductive powers of Mr. Granger's old sow were something little short of marvellous, aud he dreamily worked ont a calculation of bow long it would take her and her progeny to pro- duce a pig to every square yard of the area of plucky little Wales. It seemed that the thing could be done in six years, which was absurd, so he gave up calculating. He. had no words alone with Beatrice that afternoon. Indeed, a certain cold ness seemed to have sprang up between them. With the almost supernatural quickness of a loving woman's intuition, she had divined that something was passing In his mind, Inimical to her most vital interests, so she shunned his com- pany, and received his conventional advances with a politeness which was as cold as it was crashing. . This did not please Geoffrey; it is one thing to make i np yonr mind herocially to abandon (in her own interests, of course) a lady whom you do not wish to compromise, and quite another to be snubbed by that lady before the moment of final separation. Though he never put the idea into words or even defined it in his mind— for Geoffrey was far too anxious and unhappy to be flippant, at any rate in thought — he would at heart have wished her to remain the same, indeed to wax evec tenderer, till the fatal time of parting arrived, and even to show appreciation of his virtuous conduct. But to the utter destruction of most such hands as Geoffrey held, loviog women never will play according to the book. Their conduct appeals to every thing, for it is obvions that it takes two to bring an affsir of this nature to a dignified conclusion, even when the stakes are highest, and the matter is one of life hod death. Beatrice was after all very much of a woman, and she did not behave mach better than any other woman wonld have done. She was angry and suspicions, and ehe showed it, with tbe result that Geoffrey grew angry also. It was crnel of her, he thonght, considering all things. He forgot that she could know nothing of what was in his mind, however much she might gness; also sb yet he did not know the boundless depth and might of her passion for him, and all that It meant to her. Had he realised this he would have acted very differently. They came home and took tea, then Mr. Granger and Elizabeth made ready to go to evening service. To Geoffrey's dismay Beatrice did the eame. He had looked forward to a qniet walk with her — really this was not to be borne. Fortunately, or ratber unfortnnstely, she was ready the firat, and he got a word with her. ' I did not know that you were going to church, he said ; ' I thonght that we might have had a quiet walk together. Yery likely I shall have to go away early to-morrow morning.' 'Indeed,' answered Beatrice coldly. 1 But of coarse you have your work to attend to. 1 told Elizanetn tnac I was coming to church and I must go ; it is too sultry to walk ; there is going to be a storm.' At this moment Elizabeth came in. ' Well Beatrice,' she said, ' are you coming to church J Fa'hsr has gone on.' Beatrice pretended not to hear, and reflected a moment. He would go away and she would see him no more. Could she let slip this last hour ? Ob, she could not do it ! Id that moment of reflection her fate was sealed. No," she answered slowly, ' I don't think that I am coming ; it is too sultry to go to church. I daresay that Mr. Bingham will go with you.' Geoffrey hastily disclaimed any such intention, and Elizabeth started off alone. ' Ah !' she said to herself, ' I thought that you would not come, my dear.' ' Well,' siid Geoffrey, when she had well gone, shall we go ont ? 'I think it is pleasanter here,'- an- 'Oh, Beatrice, don't be so unkind,' he s rid feebly. 'As you like,' she replied. There is a fine sunset — I think that we shall have a storm.' " They went ont, and tarned np the lonely beach. This place was utterly deserted, and tbey walked a little way apart and almost without speaking. Tbe sunset was magnificent; great flakes of golden cloud were con tinually driven from a home of splen- donr in tbe west towards the cold lined horizon nf the land. The sea was still quiet, but it moaned like a thing in pain. The storm was fast gathering. What a lovely sunset, said Geoffrey at length. ' It is a fatal sort of loveliness,' she answered ; ' it will be a bad night, and a wet morrow. The wind is rising; shall we turn I' ' No, Beatrice, never mind the wind. 1 wane to speak to you, if yon will allow me to do so.' Yes,' said Beatrice, ' what abont, Mr. Binghan ? "To make good resolutions in a matter of this sort is comparatively easy, but the carrying of them ont presents some 1 difficulties. Geoffrey.conscience-stricken into priggishness, wished to tell her that she., would do welt to marry Owen Davis, and found the matter difficult. Meanwhile Beatrice preserved silence. ' The fact is,' he said at length, ' I most sincerely hope yon will forgive sne,but I have been thinking a great deal abont yon and yonr fatnre welfare.' ' That is very kind of yon,' said Beat rice with an ominous humility. s This wss disconcerting, but Geoffrey was determined, and he went on in a somewhat flippsnt tone born of the most Intense nervousness and hatred of his task." iNever had he loved her an well s imw in. tiiis moment when he was about to counsel her to many another man. t And vat-he persevered In his folly. "For, %s . so ofteuij "happens, the Bhrewdiiusiht "and knowledge of the iraridsrhiclrAliatingqished Geoffrey as a lawyer, whendeaRpg with the .affairs of others, qaitejdesefred Win . Lnflfiis crisis of his qap.Xi(h andJhat oWthe woman Sslmvbmhipped hhC% . 'Since I have beeatiiere, he said, have had no less than three appeals made to me on your behalf and by separate people — by your father, who fancies that yon are pining for Oweo Davies; by Owen Davies, who is certainly pining for yon;. and by old Edward, Intervening as a kind of do mestic amicus curiae. ' Indeed,' said Beatrice . in a voice of ice,. All these three urged the same thing —the desirability of yonr marrying Owen Davies. Beatrice's free grew quite pale, her lips twitched And her grey eyes flashed angrily. Really,' she said, 1 and have you any advice to give on the subject, Mr. Bing ham ? 'Yes, Beatrice, 1 hava I have thonght it over, and I .think that — for give me again — that if - you can bring yourself to it, perhaps you had better marry bim. He is not such a bad sort of man, and he is well off. They had been walking rapidly, and now thev-were reaching the spot known as the ' Ampitheatre,' that same spot where Owen Davies had proposed to Beatrice some seven months before. Beatrice passed ron'nd the projecting edge: of rock,: and walked some way towards the flat slab of stone in the centre before sbe answered. While she did so a great and bitter anger filled her heart. Sbe saw; or thought she saw, it all. Geoffrey wished to be rid of her. He had discerned an element of . danger in their intimacy, and was anxious to make that intimacy impos sible by pushing her into a distasteful marriage. Suddenly she turned and faced him — turned like a thing at bay. The last red rays of Sunset struck npon her lovely face, made more lovely Btill by its stamp of haughty auger : they lay upon her heaving breast. Fall in the eyes she looked him with those wide angry eyes of hers— never before had he seen her wear so imperial a mien. Her dignity and the power of her pres ence literally awed him, for at timeB Beatrice's beauty was of that royal stimp, which, when it hides a heart, '-is a compelling force, conquering and born to conquer. ' Does it not strike you, Mr. Bing ham,' she said quietly, ' that you are taking a very great liberty 1 Does it not strike you that no man who is not a relation has any right to speak to a woman as you have Bpoken to me ? — that, in short, you hava been guilty of what in most people wonld be an im pertinence 1 What right have you to dictate to me as to whom I should or should not marrv f Surelv of all things io the world that is my own affair.' Geoffrey coloured to the eyes. As wonld have been the case with most men of his class, he felt her accusation of having taken a liberty, of having pre sumed upon an intimacy, more keenly than any which she coald have brought against him. 'Forgive me,' he said humbly. 'I can only asBure yon that I had no such intention. I only spoke — ill-judgedly, I fear — because — because I felt driven to it.' Beatrice took no notice of bis words, but went on in the same cold voice. ' What right have you to speak of my affairs with Mr. Davies, wim an old "boatman of "even with my father ? Had I wished you to do so 1 should have asked you. By what authority do you consti tute yourself au intermediary for tbe purpose of bringing abont a marriage which you are so good as to consider wonld be to my pecouiary interest ? Do yon not know tbat such a matter is one which the woman concerned, the woman whose happiness and' self-respect are at stake, alone can judge oil I have nothing more to say except this. I said jast now that you bad been guilty of what would in moBt people be an imper tinence. Well, I will add something. Io this case, Mr. Bingham, there are circumstances which make it — a cruel insult !' She stopped speaking, then Buddeuly without the slightest warning, burst into a flood of passionate weeping. As she did so, the first rash of tbe storm pass ed over them, winnowing the air as with a thousand eagles' wings, and was lost on the moaning depths beyond. The light went ont of the sky. Now Ueonrey couia omy see one lams outlines of ber weeping face. One moment be hesitated and one only ; then Nature prevailed against him, for the next sbe was in his anas. Beatrice scarcely resisted him. Her energies seemed to fail her, or perhaps she had spent them in her bitter words. Her head fell npon his shoulder, and there ehe sobbed her fill. Presently she lifted it and their lips inet in a first long kiss. . It waa finished ; this was the end of it — and thns did Geoffrey prosper Owen Davies' suit. Ub, you are crnel, cruel 1 be whisper ed in ber ear. ' You must bave known I loved yon, Beatrice, that 1 spoke against myself because I thought it to be my duty. Yon must hBve known that, to my sin and sorrow, 1 have al ways loved yon, that yon have never been an hour from my mind, that I have longed to see your face like a sick man for the light. Tell mor<Iid yoa not know it, Beatrice 1' 'How should I know? she answered veiy softly ; I could only guess, and if indeed yon love me how could you wish me to marry another man 1 I thought that you had learned my weakoess and tiok this way to reproach', me. Oh, Geoffrey, what have we done ? What is there between you and me— except our love? ' it noma nave neeu nectar u we naa been drowned together at the first,' he said heavily. ' No, no/ she answered, ' for then we never shonld "have loved each other. Better first to love, and then to die !' ' Do not speak so,' he said ; ' let as sit here and be happy for a 'little while to- night, and leave trouble till to-morrow.' And, where on a by-gone day Beatrice, had tamed with another wooer, aide by ride they sat npon the; great stone and talked each talk aB lovers use. -Above them moaned the rising gale, though sheltered as they were by cliffs itB jbreafh scarcriy stirred their -hair. In; f ront'of them ;lhe. long waves .boomed" npon ihe beach, .while far, hut itb'eea the crescent moon, draped tin angry light, seemed to ride the waves like a 'boat. ' : And were lhey:alone with ttieir great jbliss, or did they «nly dream 1 Nay, they Wera'-'tddniyAIOfo %ilhTovevimd lovers' joys, and all the troth was told, and all their doubts were done. Now there was an end of hopes and fears ; now reason fell, and Love usurped his throne, and at tbat royal coming Heaven threw wide her gates. Gb, Sweetest and most dear ! Oh, Dearest, and most sweet ! Oh, to have lived to find this happy honr — oh, in this hour to die ! See heaviness is behind us, see now we are una Blow, ye winds, blow ont' yonr stormy heart ; we know the secret of vnnr fltrp.nof.Ti vnn rneh fn vnnr \- c — » j — w d-— i desire. Fall, deep waters of the sea, : fall in thunder at the feet of earth ; we hear the music of your pleading. Earth", and Seas, and Winds, sing your great chant of love ! Heaven and Space and Time, echo back the melody ! For Life has called to ns the answer of his riddle ! Heart to heart we rit, and Hps to lips, and we are more wise than Solomon, and richer than barbarian kings, for Happiness is ours. To this end were we bora, Dearest J -.-i. __i. i J r_. ' _i» a! a Liu uiusu uwtjei, uua lrom. en nine pre- destinate ! To this end, Sweetest and most dear, do we live and die, in death to find completer unity. For here is that secret of the world which wise men search and cannot findpand here too is the gate of Heaven. " 'Look into my eyes, and let me gaze on yours, aud listen how these thiugs be. The world is but a mockery, and a shadow is our flesh, for where noes they were there shall be naught. Only Love is real; Love shall endure till all the sans are dead, and yet be young. Kiss me, thou Conqueror, for Destiny is overcome, Sorrow is gone by ; and the flame that we have hallowed upou this earthly altar shall still burn brightly, and yet more bright, when yonder stare have lost their 6re. But alas 1 words cannot give a fitting form to such a song as this. Let music try 1 But music also folds ber wings. For in so supreme an boar "A bolt is shot bade somewhere in oar breast," and through the opened door came sights and sounds such as cannot be written. They tell us it is madness, that this unearthly glory is but the frenzy of a passion gross -in its very essence. Let I those think it who will, but to dreamers let them leave their dreams. Why then, at such a time, do visions come to children of the world like Beatrice and Geoffrey ? Why do their doubts vanish, and what is that breath from heaven which they seem to feel npon their brow. The intoxication of earthly love born of tbe meetings of youth and beanty. So be it ! Slave, bring more such wine and let us drink — to Immortality and those dear eyes that mirror forth a spirit's face ! Such Joves indeed are few. For they must be: real and deep, and natures thus shaped are rare, nor do they often cross each other's line of life. Yes, few there are who can be borne so bigb, and none can breathe that ether loog. Soon the wings which Love leat them in his hour of revelation will shrink and vanish, and the borrowers will fall back to the level of this world, happy if they escape uncrushed. Perchance even in their life-days, they may find these spirit wings again, overshadowing the altar of their vows in the hour of earthly marriage, i£ by- some happy fate, marriage should be within their reach, or like the holy pioions of the goddess Nout, folded aboat a coffin, in the hoar of earthly death. But scant are the occas- sioos, and few there are who know them. Thns soared Bea'-rice and Geoffrey while the wild night b At around tbem, making a fit accompaniment to their stormy loves. And thus too tbey fell ' We must be going, Geoffrey ; it grows late,' said Beatrice. ' Oh, Geof frey, Geoffrey, what have we done ! What can be the end of all this f it will bring trouble on you, I know that it must. The old saying will come true; I saved your life, and I shall bring ruin on you !' It is characteristic of Beatrice that already she was thinking of the conse quences to Geoffrey, not of those to her self. ' Beatrice,' eaid Geoffrey, we are io a desperate positioo. Do you wish to face it and come away with me, far away to the other side of the world ? 'No. no. she answered vehementlv. ' it wonld be your ruin to abandon the career that is before you. What part of the world coald you go to where yoa would not be known 1 Besides tbere is your wife to think of. Ah, G >d, yonr wife — what would she say of me 1 You belong to her, yoa have no right to desert her. And there is Effie too. No, Geoffrey, uo, I have been wicked enough to learn to love you — oh, as you were never loved before, if it is wicked to do what one cannot help — bot I am not bad enough for this. Walk quicker, Geoffrey ; we shall be late, and they will suspect something.' Poor Beatrice, the pangs of conscience were finding her ont ! We are in & dreadful position,' again he said. ' Ob, dearest, I have beeo to blame. I should never have come back here. It is my fruit; and though I never thought of this, I did my best to please_you.' ' And I thank you for It, '"ebe an swered. ' Do not deceive yourself, Geoffrey. Whatever happens, oh promise me never for one momeot to believe that I reproached or blamed you. Why should I blame you because you won my heart 1 Let me sooner blame the sea on which we floated, the beach where we walked, the house in which we lived, > and the Deatioy that brought us to gether. I am proud and glad to love you, dear, but X am not eo semsn as to wish to ruin you: Geoffrey — I had rather die.' Don't talk so,'" he said, ' I cannot bear it. What are we to do ! Am .1 to go away and see yon no more! How can we live so; Beatrice ? .' Yefj Geoffrey,' she answered heavily taking him by tbe band and gazing np into his falce, ' you are to go away and see me no more, not for years and years. Thisds -wbat we have . brought npon ourselves, it is the price that we must pay for this hour which has gone. You are to go away to-morrow, that we may. bCphi out of temptation, and you must come back no more. . Sometimes I shall write to you, aod sometimes perhaps you wfil write to me; till (he thing becomes a burden, theu yon/ can . 'stop. - And whether you forget me or not— and oh, Geoffrey,' I do' riot : think you will— you wiU kribw that l shall never forget yooj whom I saved from the eea— to love me.' There was something so sweet and so infinitely tender about her words, instinct as they were with natural womanly passion, that Geoffrey bent at heart beneath their weight as a fir bends beneath the gentle, gathering snow. What was he to do, how conld be leave her i and yet she was right. He must go, and go quickly, lest hie strength might fail him, and hand iu- hand they should pass a bourne from which there is no return. Heaven heln n Rpatrinp. 1 fin . mid I will go to-morrow morning, sod, if I can, I will keep away.' ' Yon must keep away. I - will not see .yon any more, I will not bring trouble on. you, Geoffrey.' ' You talk of bringing trouble on me,' be said ; ' yoa eay nothing of yourself, and yet a man, even a man with eyes on him like myself, is better fitted to weather sach a storm. If it rained me, how much more woald it raia you? They were at the gate of the Vicarage now, and the wind rushed so stronelv through the firs that she needed to put her lips quite close to his ear to make her words heard. 'Step, ooe minute,' she eaid, 'per haps yon do not qnite understand. When a woman does what I have done, it is because she loves with all her life and heart and soul, because all these are a part of her love. For myself, I no longer care anything — I have no self away from you ; I am no longer of my self or in my own keeping. 1 am of yon and in .yours. For myself and my own fate or name I : think no more ; with my eyes open and of my own free will 1 have given everything to you, and am glad and happy to give it. Bat for yoa I still do care, and if I took auy step, -or allow you to take any (hat could bring sorrow on yon, I should never forgive myself. That is why we must part, Geoffrey. And now let ue go in ; tbere is nothing more to say, except tbis : if you wish to bid me good bye, a last good-bye, dear Geoffrey, I will meet yon tomorrow morning on the beach.' - ' I shall leave at half-past eight,' be said hoarsely. ' Then we will meet at seven,' Beat rice said, aud led the way into the house. ' Elizabeth and Mr. Granger were al ready seated at" supper. They Bupped at nine on Sunday nights; it was just half-past. ' Dear me,' eaid the old gentleman, ' we began to think that you two must have been out canoeing and got your- flpl UPC (lrASrnafl t n rtnnd asanoel 4-USa lima What have you been doing ? ' We have had a long walk,' answered Geoffrey ; ' I did not know that it was so late.' ' One wants to be pleased with one's company to walk far on such a night as this,' pat in Elizabeth maliciously. ' And so we were — at least I was,' Geoffrey answered iu perfect truth, ' and the night is not so bad as you might think, at least under the lee of the cliffs. It will be worse by and by !' Then they su down and made a desperate show of eating sapper. Eliza beth, the keen-eyed, noticed that Geof frey's hand was shaking. Now what, she wondered, would make the band of a strong man shake like a leaf ! Deep emotion might do it, and Elizabeth thonght that she detected other signs of emotion in them both, besides that oi ueonrey s suamng nana, rue plot was working well, but could it be brought to a climax Oh, if be would only throw prndence to tbe winds and ran away with Beatrice, so that she might be rid of ber, and free to fight for her own hand. Shortly after sapper both Elizabeth and Beatrice went to bed, leaving their father with Geoffrey. ' Well,' said Mr. Grsnger, ' did you get a word with Beatrice ? It was vary kind of you to go that long tramp on purpose. Gracious, how it blows ! we shall have the house down presently. Lightning, too, I declare.' ' Yes,' answered Geoffrey, " I did.' ' And, I hope you told ber that there was no need for ber to give up hope of hiin yet, of Mr. Davies, I mean !' ' Yes, 1 told her that — tbat is if tbe greater includes the less,' he added to himself. auu «vii uiu ouc i«ikn it » ' Very badly,' said Geoffrey ; ' she seemed to think that I bad no right to interfere.' 'Indeed, tbat is strange. But it doesn't mean anything. Sbe's gratefol enough to you at heart, depend upon it she is, only she did not like to say so. Daar me, how it blows ; we shall have a night of it, a regular gale, I declare. So you are going away to-morrow morn ing. Well, the best of friends mast part. 1 hope that you will often come and see us. Good-bye.' position .overcame Geoffrey, and be smiled grimly as he lit his candle and went to bed. At the back of the house was a long passage, which terminated at one end in the room where he slept, and at the other in that occupied by Elizabeth and Beatrice. This passage was lit by two windows, and built out of it were two more rooms — that of -Mr. Granger, and another which had been Effie's. The wind ws of the passage, like most of the others in the Vicarage, were innocent of shutters, and Geoffrey stood ' for a moment at one of them, watching the lightning diamine the broad breast of the mountain behind. Then looking towards the door of Beatrice's room, he gazed at it with the peculiar reverence that sometimes afflicts people who are verv much in love, and with a sich. turned aod sought his own. He conld not sleep, it was impossible. For nearly two boars he lay turning from side to -side, and thinking till his brain seemed liketo buret To-morrow he must leave her, leave her for ever," and go back to his coarse unprofitable struggle with the world, where there would be no Beatrice to make him happy throngb it all. And Bhe, what of her ! The storm had lulled a little, now it came back in strength, hearlded by the lightning.;'" He rose; threw -on a dtess- Lng-go"wn, and «e( by the window watch ing it Its tumult and fuiy seemed to ease his heart of some little of Its pain ; in that dark norir a quiet night would have maddened him. : In eight hours— eight ehort hours— tius' matter would be ended so far .as nonoarned dheir actual intercourse. It would be a secret locked for ever in their two bresste, a secret eating at their hearts, cruel as the worm that dieth not Geoffrey looked up and threw out his heart's thought towards hiB sleeping love. Then once' more, as on a bygone night, there broke npon bis brain and being that mysterious spiritual sense .' Stronger and more strong it grew, beating on him in heavy unnatural waves, till his reason seemed to red and sink, and he remembered naught bat Beatrice, knew naught save that her very life was with him now. \- He stretched out bis arms - towards tbe place where she should ba /' ' Beatrice,' he whispered to Hie -empty air. ' Bst-:«x> t oii, my love 1 my sweet, my eoal ! Hear me, Beatrice 1' There came a piose, and ever the un earthly sympathy grew and gathered in hie heart, till it seemed to him as though separation had lost itB power aud across dividing space they were mingled in one being. A great gust shook the house and passed away along the roaring depths. Oh ! what was this ! Silently the door opened, aod a white draped form passed its threshold. He rose, gasping ; a ter rible fear, a terrible joy, took possession of him. The lightning flared oat wildly in the eastern sky. There in the fierce light she stood before him — she, Beatrice a sight of beauty and of dread. She stood with white arms outstretched, with white uncovered feet, ber bosom heaving Boftly beneath her night-dress, her streaming hair. unbound, her lips apart, her face upturned, and a stamp of tenifying calm. 44 In tbe wide, blind eyes uplift Thro' the darkness and the drift." Great Heaven, she was asleep ! Hash ! she spoke. ' Yon called me, Geoffrey,' she said, in a still, unnatural voice. ' You called me, my beloved, and I — have — come.' He rose aghast, trembling like an as pen with doubt and fear, trembling at tbe sight of the conquering glory of the woman whom he worshipped. See ! She drew on towards bim, and ehe was asleep. Oh, what could he do! Suddenly the draught of the great gale rushing through the house caught the opened door and crashed it to. She awoke with a wild stare of terror. ' Ob, God, where am I ? she cried. ' Hush, for your life's sake 1' he an swered, his faculties returning, ' Hash 1 or you are lost.' Bat there was no need to caution her to silence, for Beatrice's senses failed hsr at the shock, and she sank swooning in his arms. (To be continued in our next.) 