< IIAI'TKIi III. tiik iji vu'i'i:i:-m.\>'!'i:n and his mate. Two niiii ;iri* 1111ii1' 1 liy the rinhi-is of ;l liiv. only a little lire, lor it is Australian .hitmary. and lii«- niithts. as t]i<■ ilays. are hot. Tliey sit mi a lotiu ttrcy h"x l«i^. ji.i1111ikitis are Inside them. tinker bundles air ] nai'lr tiii. hut tin- hilly is n.it ciiit.ty, for they will lake another drink i 1 >1V - an;; mi the road, "I'lu-ir suags are rolled. and lie nil tin- heaps «>f halt-d:.1 '■•■n<-s whi<-h haw served them for heds. ]imh are smoking. an! there i~ 111 'T HiMi'h conversation 1 .ftwi'L-ii them. The i-l.li'i- man ehips with a light t <»] j i:: 1 la v'k on t!ii' In-, tin- \ i mii^LT looks into the living ashes. :\n. 1 v. Idle they sit tints tin' sun i■.>iin's over the range and strikes down mi men j 111' 1 ' 11 and tire. Ti u-l i t! !<• elder of the two is set'li to In- pretty well nis! sallow rather than drown. IK- is elothed in :i llanii'l sim-dat. elay- stai'.i'-d moleskin trousers, and Idaek felt Iiat. His swag is 1 >u! though vu ll l'nlli'il. ilis sli-millers are a l'it round, liis liv_rs handy: Ids hands hard as ini i-ssant labour can make them, lie is a miner who has liinerhad liiU' h lack, lie lias heen working for wages for a year past, and now. v it 11 itir.'is suili eic'.it to -land a pretty long siog" <>t adver sity. is making u]' t" ;l l.,it i.f old go >ii11■ 1 P.- t -. '1 1" !•' ] ,:it- .: : i ]■ l-.-peet'-'i ;,ii ; ."Untry Hi- in oi'' i - \ ., u n r < r. i' '■! I heard' ;■>!' i ni 'Iy kurd-h-hing. His .;iv-s i- br.-ii 11);i;.-1i. 111:•i i.' -.•ell'- :t 1"!" :it:> - liiiii- lk;.t in Mi up. So is.«• 11-it-r man til"Ugkt when he picked iiiui Up ami that they sii"ii!'i tra ■••.■! t" g.-tki r. •• A : y <• u ;i 1.1 ■ 'kefre asked. N". 1 1 .:i'• c S1 '111.' funds. "Ni-.tr h.i.n on tint diguing-?" ■' N..." "if J"U like to coliiii along w,th me we'll try a pf-pcei or tv.o together." " I I1CWT Worked lit lliil'.ill-. yu u 11 - derst; "So inn- ;i Hie li.-tt. i-. V' .it'll * iisiii■!• sooner to tin* right w a y. V, i I! y " U Colli'' " Yes." 'J'lius the Colli]';'.' t was made. are! now they lui'l travelled for tvv o ilay-. uii'l tin sun was well up on tin- morning of the think " Well, shall we make a .-tart ?'' " H you like." Have another drink of tea." " N". thanks." 'I he elder took a drink, and kick ing the em! "-rs ah. ml. I'oureil what re mained over llieltl, tucked iiistonnihawk into his helt, lifted his heavy swag, and stepped out on to the traek. His ''mate" lifted his swag also, not so heavy, not so neat, hut still sulii eiently unlike "a new chum's" bundle, to escape ridicule. The miner was carry ing full iifty pounds, the mate thirty. They walked a fair three miles an hour and kept on. The miner reckoned that lie had about forty - live miles to travel, and they would do it in two easy days. The road was good enough, hut dull. A bad country and a poor hush. If any grass was left it was burnt to a pale grey. If a patch of clearing appeared, it was in stubble. Cattle hung about in the shade, selectors' houses looked miserably for lorn, and the man who passed them jog rri n (T nloncr to the township oil a bony steed seemed to have all the sap dried out| of him. The ant race peopled all the face of the earth, and the track, made only by wear and tear of wheels and hoofs, wound in and out and I up and down through an interminable box forest. They spelled at) noon, begging a billy of water from a selector near the road. They travelled again till within two hours of sunset, and then, happening on a I pretty open patch, sure to be clear of mosquitoes, camped down, reckoning they had covered five-and-twenty miles, and would come at the rush early enough on the morrow. There was a water-hole in a paddock near by, and the digger was doubtful if his mate did not take too much trouble with his I personal ablations. "But they are all like that at first," he said. "It wears off when they have put in a few shifts below." , They made their beds before sundown as before, had a comfortable enough supper of bread, cold corned beef, and tea, smoked and yarned for a couple of hours, the young man always listening, and then "turned in." The digger slept till morning, comfortable and content as if hi bed and under a root, His mate lay i <.«ft'ia I >J>" still, hut did t a it sleep lunch. They started ill ■similar- fashion tin- m-xt morning. < a ill j k I again !"!' dinner. Mini walked till hail-past tiller. " Then," s;iiil t lie il igaer. "tin- rami goes right on to tin <i.>1111>111ji, we know tliMt. Mini our tI'm> iv turns iMi tn 11n- right. tMla's us along m spur to tin- 1u-mi1 nf 1 ^it11<■ lioh's I'nrk. MV niaUi' right <>ii hut the Wat i 1 s] It'll M11 > 1 St like ' HIV Count IT all till' oilier side. '11U' low I Is] I i p il 11' 1 tlio liru rush are ahont a mile litis side. We'll stay mi tin- township ami see what's going an. We don't w ant a hundred ami lilty sharks pegging out along mir line." 1 lie mate agreed. ami in hall an hour they eame to a right turn all. and took ir. " This ought t■ > hring us to the ereek's 1 icn< 1 in al»>ut tour miles." Hut they walked for an hour ami a half ami )u> creek appeared : walked another hour ami still no sign. The old dialer is very loath to confess to a mistake, ami so. prohuldy. tlie.v walked a full eight miles he tore he llun« down hi- swag ami made confession. " The country's changed hereabouts; j or else I'm gone wrong." . I •' It doesn't matter ; we must meet somelmdy „r come on n house soon. If j not wc eun camp and turn back to-morrow." " Never went wrong in my life before. Suppose we do another couple of miles?' 1 "As you like." They spelled for half an hour and travelled again, and by this time the sun was getting low and not setting just kindly. There was a black cloud bank which would receive him an hour before he touched the world's rim and which seemed heaving its great bulk slowly upward. They were between two and three thousand feet up, where summer storms are not infrequent, and sometimes violent. The sun's rim dipped in the long black edge; the world became dusk and almost chill about them. The parrots made short swift flights, the magpies hushed their music the great sulphur-crested black cockatoos shrieked as they fluttered clumsily from tree to^ tree ^ the^ crows, if chanced to liy or to settle near, croaked Tvousiiiss a sense of' "xpeetuti<m and foreboding. which he could hardly comprehend. The elder suddenly threw down his swag and said — •" I'm wrong to h •" •• What's the mailer ?" •' We're hushed !" ••Well '• What's well about ii ? l>«>n't you see storm coming? N„t that \ nhniit a handful of rain; I'd rather sleep in a river than he tooled this fashion." " We ought to have gone farther, 1 suppose." Ves. suppose so, but what are we going to do now Iberes only («,, things camp now, rig the calieo for a lly, and make a breaku p,( ;(U,| ;t drain, or push on. If we atrilm the big timber, and it ought to begin turn abouts, we shall make a saw -mill or a splitter's hut. If not we might come aeross a cocky or a shanty, <»' a hut of some sort before dark." Thev pushed on, and in half an hour struck the big timber, about whir], a word or two of explanation may be given. The big timber o.vurs in Vie voices than those of Niagara caturuets and ocean \v»\\\cj plashing, hissing down. " Coinc on," said the miner, " there's no stopping In He could scarcely see his mato'H face ua he spoke, the lire fell from heaven, nnd the whole world about tl in a blaze. One towering lord of the forest was clove The boughs fell crashing across the track, and scattered as from some ship-load of timber rent und explosion. 'The track was blocked. There was a side-cutting n the left, a gorge of unknown depth to the right. " We'll have to hide here," shouted the miner, andp wall. They could not see each other's faces now. hear each other's voices, so intense wus the blackness above and about thorn. They were us insignificant rocks or stones of the roadway while a buttle of artilh t"ria lit about Midi 1,11 altitude us from I no j t < > 111 rcc t lx >us;un| *''<•1. wherever the g""d !•>'>!I is f.iun.L Tl>" -"oil SI lil il '•"'■•■'I '-ytlir ,!iv„,„. Position 11 f t I'll Jl-l I ii i; _ Amidst t]ll:. ill") slate. ;jjjiJ ht''in* f<>■ iimti<int],,.i,, ,l:ts 1 n in tln> cM,.,. •lays ;in ii|, A plateau. n rii!-.. a lli'illlit.iiii lira'], ,,, a ] MM Ii ..I' t)„. nrtlj,.,. w> uhUias li.'rii tlinivt up through tin- n.M a i a I 1 rat i .'ti f.iin,;,. ' a his o| a ] I it \ in I ii.-. j i' 'sits, 11 m 1 wniii,| si'i'in til 1 in\i■ "P all tin- Ti',,,!,: tolVl'S. ll||' O j O; t J, 1 ]. . v I'ui'tatio' powers i.f tin.' days u lit'n i|H.r,, were giants of ail sorts in til,. I-,,),,| <»n the mil' ridge1, stunted 11.ix, onaili-.l gum. with spaiM-. I»» cert j-st lick.;, gl'OWlh at Si.Tut) a: voarsr grass. (>n tin other the lamrs tin- gods set in hat array, the harvest ni the giants ])i'e]i:iiri for the oion.ji, si'-kle. Th'- twilight v jilst I'l-isi'rj. tlir i, 1 ifi-ath "I tie' si'. was fell, when tin entered the lainl. The rhangrd stt'1'1 front sand-grit.i|Uart/ pi'l'!iles. ami llai; of roll ell reel iron-tone, to .'nuiiMing. eW'"la! Illolll'l. ll'iX, oak. ami ]iri( lllill|o-a gave plan-! illicitly aiuyoJaJit two hit lldred }iio)i. with waita , ami ha/.el. anATV.m Uc-twoo'l. ami f".>r seil, att'l at 1,,; thirty h'g'1 v I'M 11- ;l 13 ^iMTi sole. The '1 wa!k'"l I'aA ami nothing- Hi' 1,1 kept paee, ami «a sil.-tit aho. tlfu-'i. thrill'-'! withwotiT;' uti'tit ami awe. sough of the storili passe'l "vet their lieails. hut thel wastto wiml tout' ,l,,t Tense wall "t snub on either hand In the rihaml af S,T seen right aloft tie torn tn.'l h.uervd clouds were making wild play now- Tlu seenied iinpelle'l h>' electric rather than by wind et'ire"' smart skirmishers o the fast-closing ran battling on a dark etiing lield, through which tt H'1'1'11;1" was rather felt than seen. The night fust. The cl«» ,misses seemed ■>««• denly to close on t zenith, the stonif blast smote the gtea mid the} trees, ana twanged, and cr , and moaned, roared, with no 1 a And the rant cm»e ..... I chilled them. They sat on their son , ,1 swags with t}7 liaeks to the wet clay, facing the unknown depths before. Outlier ligiitning Unsli, a zigzagged sword of tire u}li(.f )() st,iko down a mile away and to remain stationary 77 , inil„1,„t as if doing execution on sonic prostrate foe ' WW r,.relation was there in that moment! They saw „ twin,.,./ ()US whose rim was the mountain ridges, o„ , ! tiii„ n,se Her on tier, rank above rank, the forest giants ■ in I giiJf »»f a w,»te line of foaming wamr w,s\'r 7' ,winning to move. The broad crowns of innumerable ferns wen' " 1 tiled by the wind, though through the sky above leaves, amilnrl-J?'" ' I n.,.t branches, with one great ghostly limb, its white ski,,',/ I ? Mast, an, u pack of tlymg foxes, imp-like, hideous, drift in.' down, ! shelter. It was hut a moment, then darkness closed, ami thunder er.el t t I through the roar, and the miner shouted, " I) d if I i-„ . , lK'" > 11 ' snow wljere we an1. Tlicr crouched for ) „„ hour while tl,r storm rolled cuor. each successive jl^liiwciilinn m wild <lion mountainous ,„uiiiiy, k>r ;>n'1 further a way. A light „t lentil broke through tlie black llr>s above—a pale Muestar. and another .,u,l another. 'J'lie r.iin ilerlined from and lii«s to jcitier iind rustle. Tlii' wind i el I to n,,,aning or mur imitiny as on strings tensely drawn. I'lVM'iitly the lnooii ];.lit begun to wan (;L]- nor the hind, awl the two men got iKniiiil shook tliein mIos. liut found little to say. The 1 !,i-t( <1 tree h;id li • l.i'd the track. ]: 'ii^rlis ;ind splinters l-ny feet long were haped confusedly there. Hut it whs ;,,i.":d thnt ill! effort ]„r,-t he made to get 'J'he road was s>'>'. as i\ soaked fal ] I' i.inr. their swags v.Hie heavy. and the iTthe.s they wore oir all saturated, hit still it Wiis re s I\ed to try a mile it two on the ehaliee striking some initial! habitation. "found to lie a voter or sawmill, something," said lb miner. "in sueli iUi-li and on sueli a twk as this." So iky vlambered over i!m'1 ..uglis, and plod ',<■! with labour •oiigh though the "I. And fortune :.!■ 'iirt'd them, and V't'lily, for a liun 'tn-d yards had liardly '■veil traversed, when ill' in the serub to the left. not liuieh htg-'er than a glow woiiii. appeared a soi'ly white light. It showed 011 the hii'ks of a creek t'liivh was foaming 't 'toi aeataract now. 1 hey eould see no ttiwk through the s'iuh. The light was I'ttt fifty yards a tt'uy, mid yet seemed inaccessible. Cooee!" A dug harked fu riously and long. A (W opened, and the figure of a man v,;>s seen against 1111 illuminated back SU'uuinl. 1 Coo ee ! " again. '' Alioy!" We're bushed." " Heave to, then, #ll,l 111 hoard you." "ie light wus re 1'hieed, un<l presently % were aware of a 'Uiiihling volley of 'fugled curses and ptutings approach '"I through the J^tub: 'J') ten, close 'b t loud and hearty toio»— ' Wlmt cheer, What cheer!" answered both, and through an opeiu n hoarded, lke a gate in a wall emerged an oldish man, pretty grij. digger's * taring u sou'-wester, a blue guernsey, and a pair of unnns » ) ■ h > ' What cheer, eh ? liun aground? Well, she was a^ h"l)1^r ,w\ wted. You looks like provisioned for a four 5 ears c > ^ ,ul,] JU> 5'ou ride light, mate, you do. Come on ; put your helms 1 il k^P»nuy wake." , followed through a "herewith he entered the Beruh again, ana imj 1()Ul,|igln peiie llWr°w channel where only one might walk abreast. * w.rub wnll «» toted there. They could feel their way by touching 011 the hand. H was hut a few yards, then an open paU-U j .lt lhe' | «r bide of which the creek brawled. Hie dog was , andsaid, Ila(t; ^'he pilot bade him stow his gab, then flung t n* erne in, and pitch down your dunnage. v..r to the tire, and e Miner left his swag outside and entered, walked o spread his hands to the blaze. His mute seemed a little more ditlident. Hi took oil his wet hat, and looked about for a place to deposit it. He wat brought- full into view thus, both pvolile and full face. "Where might you be come from, mate?" asked the host, suddenly. The miner replied, "Well, Morrisson's last; hut, to tell you the truth, vvt missed the track and got hushed." " Vou yr<>t bushed, wliieli is to say you got off your course. An' now, wa.» you pilot or this 'un i " i was ; no use tolling lies about that." " An' you didn't take him aboard to serve as pilot?" "Oh, no, we just chummed in together, and I thought 1 knew tin country." ".less so, mate ; hut was it anywhere near this coast you picked him up, or was it after an earthquake, or h.v a volcano, or anything of that sort?" " No, not as I remember. What d'ye think ? Does lie look as if he eamt down in the bust shower ?" " He looks like something as shouldn't be walkin' about, mate." This last remark in a whisper, the host leaning fax across the tin dish wherein he was mixing slap-jacks. "New Chum," said the miner ; "new chum, hut he's all right." The host continued his kneading, hut always his starboard eye roller round towards the miner's mate, who had now picked up an old newspnpei and was looking listlessly over the cable messages. The slap-jacks wert finished at. length, and set cooking in a pan of boiling fat, the salt horsi placed on the table, and the tea made. " .Sit in, and mark ye, mate, who ever ets vittles in this foc'stle ets like a Christian man : therefore, I sez, scj 1, in the name o' the Father, the Son, and the Holy Ghost, and glory be tc God. Amen." " Amen," responded the miner's mute. The host seemed puzzled rather than satisfied; nevertheless lie dealt out the victuals, and the two strangers ate heartily. He eyed the miner's mate, however. He looked him full in the face, lie. contrived to catch him sideways. At length lie moved to the lire, and it could be seen that he was J . fumbling about his breast exploring the inner recesses of his apparel. * When he turned again he had something clenched fast in his hand, and a determined sort of look on his face. He advanced to the miner's mate, j from the fireplace to the table—it was but a stride—his right hand extended; \- ( and— I " Mate," said he, "you and I must come to an understanding. "What, > : mate, now, was your your last ship, and how did yon leave her ?" | " What has that to do with you or anybody else?" replied the miner's mate, i " I'm travelling from Melbourne seeking work, though I'm not without money, and I don't want to trespass upon you. The rain has stopped now." " No rain as ever rained would hurt you. mate. N'o water as ever rolled would drown you neither." " What do you mean ?" asked the miner's mate. It might have been noticed that his voice was a little tremulous, and that he glanced around the hut with the quick seared look of a trapped beast. The host, with the right hand still extended and the left mined mflier in appeal than menace, spoke solemnly but with increasing emo tion— "Shipmate! Ship mate ! It's you, and you've riz! I've run, shipmate. I'm not denying o' that; but you, you've riz. I never seen one who had riz before, ship mate, and I've been to sea for more than forty years. I've seen niannaids, ship mate, and say-sar pents, and when I've had the horrors tiie Devil and all his angels have chased me hard ; but I never afore seed one who had riz. Don't you come anigh me, be cause I've got a charm here would blast the Devil his self. Don't you come anigh,shipmate. You stand off, and tell me is it you, and how have you riz?" The miner's mate looked closely at the curious questioner, and knew him for Quartermaster Bil lings of the llriton Bold, and knew that he himself was known for Henry Cranston. The miner, stand ing now with his back .to the blazing log, made mental comment, "A lnitter, and mad." But when his mate Hushed red to the temples, when he halted, and stam mered out something unintelligible, and at length advanced with extended hand, say ing, "Wv old friend, Quartermaster Bil lings !" then the miner said to him self, though with em phasis, "By the holy farmer, there's a pair of 'em," and looked about for means of keeping the peace in case there should be a set-to. "You stand oft',' said Quartermaster Billings ; " you stand off. There's a Bible on that shelf, least ways he used to say so, an' there's a cross 011 the cover. You get down that Bible, an' you kiss it square, an' you swear by all that's in it that you're neither dead 'un nor devil." Mechanically then, the miner's mate, or Cranston,or Dunbar, turned to the shelf and took down a tes tament printed in Russian, with a gilt cross on the cover. "Hold that fast now and toneh it with your lips." He was obeyed. "And swear now by God Almighty and Jesus Christ, and all else as you holds too that you be living man as never signed articles with old Harry." Still obedience. But the host desired.'uow to look at the book and to Bee that the cross still remained, and on an unseared cover. He was mollified when all seemed perfectly natural, and displayed a little clumsy cunning. " I thinks we'll take a turn outside, shipmate ; an' you, old 'un, you'll not take it wrong that we leaves you for a spell." The miner answers, "No, not at all. I'll change iny clothes and have a smoke. Don't you trouble yourselves about me." .,•>.' Then the two went out, and Cranston followed his guide channel to the fairway," and a couple of hundred yards along where, on the outer side, there was a little rocky platform, hard and fiiyi and worn by a good deal of traffic. " " This is my look-out, and there's room for a fisherman's walk. now, if you aint riz, let's know how wus it?" "".j " How did I come here, you mean ?" "That's bo" I ti* 1 " Well, it's a 1'tnjr story." "There was full lil'ty fathoms where you w ent down." " Hut I never went down." " What';" " L was never buried. I iliil not die." The quarter-master stopped in his walk, and stared at him. " It was all a hoax. 'I'lie doctor reeved ahult of canvas and an iron block atul tour hot ties of water up in the hammock. with a couple of shot at the feet and two lengths of wireeahle down the haelt tor slim-nine. 1 was in the box sofa with a couple of holes for breathing, watching the whole affair." ] " The dev il and all .'" "1 was in trouble, you see. A woman wanted b> marry me whether I j would or not, and the captain considered that 1 had done, him a good turn ; in that madman's affair, and so airanged to nut me right omr ami for all." j '"And 1 stood by then, ami dim White he struck the bell, and I'll he j d d if the whole foe'stle didn't, pipe eyes afore pros time, "cos we liked j you. matey, though you hadn't nuieii to say, and you hoarded that blasted pirate like a man. I'll tell .limmy this 'mi. I'll make a run home and beat him up, but dim 'till swear I'm a liar, and then there'll he a light." Cranston (so called) changed the subject. "Jluwdid ja.ni get up here, Hillings';" "Call me Sam. mate, Sam. One of them brass-bounders aboard liillingsed j me til! I nearly stopped his jaw with a tar-brush. Well. 1 eaim- lu re by ; this Course. After you w as put down-or what wasn't yuu w as put down. I j should say—ami we made Adelaide and mostly got drunk, there was a lot j of new 'tuts come aboard, ixmie of 'em right enough, but some ugly enough j for llatelitl'c Highway, or .Jerusalem on a Sunday. There was one ehap lj spotted from the time lie came aboard, and if he wasn't the swab who hud I my kit when I was on the drunk alter coining home from Callao and New Zealand lie was his brother. Lord, you should have seen his clothes, and ■ his spangles ; hut a Chinaman wouldn't have swopped noses with hiin. not; witli twelve mouths' pay give in. He had a cap with a tassel and twenty i fathom of brass about it, am! a silk coat, and breeches, and slippers some i Chinese mandarin must have spouted, and he shovved a good half-yard of j Idled linen with three shiners in it. lie lied jawed the old man about the' dinner, and next morning he must eome a cruising round when we were washin' down •leeks. ' ."shift that hose.' says he to me. ' and get that ; deck dried sms't. How do they expect gentlemen to travel,' says he, j ' with such discipline as this? Clear away ttint hose, d'ye hear,'he goes on. ' Hy gad ! I'd straighten you fellows up if I was aboard lbr a month.'i An'all the time I was tightening up the no/.y.Ie. "Hid von make any re-; mark to me';' says 1 at last, and then lie upheaves his jihboom and shows' his mouth wiih teeth like a dogfish, and I let's drive. He went down liken j ninepin. and 1 played away on him till lie scrambled up and made a holt: below. I was had up, of course, and 1 swore as he was sick all about ihe | deck, and made himself in such a mess 1 hosed him down out of charily,! which in course was a lie, an' the old man lie knowed ii. Ho tried to. square matters, hut there was another of'em. ami he came, up and swore; agin me, and when the old. man still w anted to let me down ca.sv they said.! says they, there's no justice to bo got here ; we'll bring the ease before the magistrates in Melbourne. When we got to Melbourne tin'old man winked, and I run, and that's about the whole reel of it. at least so far." Hut what are you doing here''" " That's another yarn. 1 struck out straight, an' the second day met another shell-hack. J knowed lie was a Hugo, hut he seemed decent enough.; and he had been ashore here since the old diggings. He'd got some yarn of • a gold reef up here, and I come up w ith him to work it. We didn't see j much gold, but he seemed a square sort of i-liap, and didn't want all the j pitch to liissclf at night. lie kept the foc.'sle clear, too. and used to read • that Hihle you swore on. 1 didn't mind that. I've knowed males dolhat ; before and they didn't always go mad. Hut one night 1 got telling him about j the old King William at. Constantinople, aboard of which I cot four dozen,! because I come aboard from leave and couldn't walk the plank. And I'll he ! if lie doesn't up and tell me that he is a Hooshian." "And then''" " Why, then I boarded him and stove his ribs, and broke his jib. anil wc had a up and a down for best part of a dog-watch. Hut In- .-truck first. I and I grit charge of the craft. A Hooshian ■ 1 was messing w ith a Hooshian ! j I could stand a Dago, hut not a Hooshian." j Tlie.se narrations ended, tliey agreed that it was time to return to the hut.' " Thar old tin will think that we've cut and run." | Hut they need not have concerned themselves; for the miner, on their! departure, quickly changed his clothes, spent half an hour in drying his j calico tly. and then cleared out of the hut and went hack on his tracks. I He had arrived at the conclusion that he had picked tip with an escaped j madman <>n the road, that l'.e had found an old mate in the hut, and thati lie was better anywhere alone in the bush than in such companionship. 