'A SMUGGLER'S SECRET.' Br FRANK BARRETT, Th:' e author of "The Admiable Lady Biddy Fanoc," Usder a Strange 2lsaLk," "Fettered fer Life," etc. ii .. - CHAPTER XXI. . Sir Henry did not return that night as he had protisel. I could not conceive of old Peter carrying such a contemptibly insignificant rweapon as a modern revolver, otherwise 1 should have feared that the shot I heard had 'been fired by him, and that Sir Ienry was hit. ~attributedthe shot rather to poachers in Sir Henry's preserves, and his absence to the pur " suit of them. All doubts as to his safety were -removed by his coming over to the cottage the following morning soon after Psyche had gone upto her room forthe day. S?ie was quite self-possessed; his manner indeed was almost apathetic as he gave me his hand and then dropped into the seat on the " lawn. The only trace of that agitation which -hadunmanned him the previous night was in the haggard, woen, and old expression of his -face; he looked like a gambler who has played long and lost all. " There was a shotin the parklast night, " he began; " you may have heard it. I thought my daughter might be alarmed, and so weutiu. Quite as well you will say, seeing that I was no more fit to be at large than a maniac. She knew what was the matter with me, and brought me round as only she can," he ro peated slowly,. "as only she can.' Then salfteira pause he continued." One of thcedays, .-,--'rbe...s ynoumesyn tos -seeuyl o of my :daughter Ethel: then should you be threatened with the loss o' her you wilt undcrsEtcd my feeling. Fancy, if a" man came insolently to you and said he loved your wife and meant to take her from you if he could, how yeou would feel towards that man; and if in addition to t'hat your wife admitted the peosibility of being taken from you, how you would feel towards the World." " You are speaking now of the love of a man for his wife." " Well, sir," he returned, sharply, " may not the love of a father for his daughter be as deep and strong as that of a husband for his wife. The love I h?re her mother is centered in m daughter-all Ithe love of my heart." 'e turned his back upon me for a moment, then glancing round the garden, he asked: " W*ere is she-that other unloved soul ?" I explained how she slept during the day, being unable to endure thelight after living so long in darkness. " Twelve years without light or love," he said, visibly moved :; " a month would kill me. She loves you, Ethel tellsme." " That is only natural, as she knows no one but me." " It neveroccurred to you that she might be your wife '" " How could it occur to me, loving your danuhter as I do ?" Heknitted his brows as he buried his face in his hands, his elbowes resting on his knee. Raisnghis head after a minute's silence, hesaid : "Iti-sn't right that the girl should lirve here with you. I am not speaking from any con .ventional consideration of propriety, but with regard to the girl's future. You are ,strengthening the tie of affection. which pre aently isto besn ipped. You ought to weaken 'it, that when the shock comes-it may not break her heart." "I hope to find her family or friend;, until then she must stay with me." " Not necessarily," he said, his eyes S"rightening. "Let her come to uts. Ethel it deeply intervstedin her. Let herdangerous \- fection for you be replaced by a love for a . ster." "With all my heart I can wish Psyche no .eter happiness than to live with your aghtoer." ."It would be a healthier life for her," he co'ninued with growing excitement. "'She 'wouldget to know the world she is to live in. We could take her abroad trkile you are looking j" hrFr frie'n.'." He looked eagerly into my eyes as he made this proposition. There was a wonderful ex pression of his face, apathy had changed to keen interest. It was stilla gambler's face, but it wore the look of one who sees his way to retrieve a fortune by plucking a pigeon. For the first time a doubt of his honesty rose in my mind. I believe he saw it, for his eve quailed before mine. and he rose muttering something in a deep self-depreciatory tone that I could not 'catch. iHo pes eneoss the lawn with hin head bent, and when he returned, the evil look was gone froni his farL . As ho seated himself again beside me, he said : " It wouldn't do, Theore. I underamdand sympathise with the gir!'s feelings more than yonu can believe. She imust not lose you at once like that. What Lhve you -lone towards finding her family " - I told himof the advertisement I had inserted and the answer I lad received. "You had no other answver ?" he asked. "No." •' And what do you propose to. do now ?" "Advertise agemn-if I find no further notice taken of the last. There may be r letter at the "ost- ofce now. I shall go soer presently to "YTes., it's not unlikely. Some sharp lawyer may see his way to making mines throughit. he manwho got rid of the child swould be only iOS glad, one may suppose, to claim her anid put her out of th? way more securely. Have you thought of that :" " Yes, I am not certain that I have not already played into the hands of that man or his agents." " I daresay you have," he renlied calmly, t any rate you see the danger of advertising mi hat way. It would be far safer to put the iair intd the hands of a good solicitor; do you rnow one?" " Only your solicitor, MIr. Andrews, at Bon "port." A" A good man, but not at all suited to an in vestig?ation of this kind. You had better leave ''ttome. I will see Andrews and ask him who -aisthebest man in the profession to employ if Syou like?" I accepted the offer at once. "Then you will take no further steps at pre -sent." " I shall be very happy to leave it entirely fn your hands." . " Good." oe seemedpleasedwith my renewed confidence "n him. He was leaning forwaerd, with his webows on his knees, looking on the ground. .. , r a moment's pause, without raising his r;:end, he laid : \- "Someone will be going up from the house '¢o Towerbridge in the course of the morning ; \- hall he inquire at the post-oflive if there is any letter for you ?" Inssented to this, giving hin the name to -which answers were to be addressed. " Very well, that is settle-l," he said, draw. singalong breath and risin to his feet. "Let sv"wal There is somethling ee I want to say \- We walked up and down the lawn. Aftera r couple of turns, he said : " Y?OU told me you had found some sort of treasure in thoso caves. What do you value it ". Roughly, - I think about ten thousand " "ounds." If I give you a cheque for twentythousand -pmnnds will you let me have the frshold and fu!l possession of all that'is to be found in the -caves. Remember you may have found but part of the treasure." "-Yeou are wel~ome to the rest." "Then that is a bargain, and I may have posasesion as soon as Ichoose after paying." " Certainly." '" Why did yeu hesitate 5" \- "lecuse cour offer seemed too generous." "5t is not generouse. I want those caves, -'?d would have paid twice as much to get -".fy grandfather inhabits the cottage," I I amd. : I know he does. Ie may live there .as long • a he . pleases. I willarroane with him." . We toak another turn in silence. for his Ostange contradictory eaoner bhesildered me. '.::Opposite the wsickt he stopped. " That is all 1 have to say teesso," he naid. :Come over this vening. ..That ceque shall ' be ready for you. - lring Peyche with you. .""There ism tiime to lose." CILAPTER XXII. When the sun had set vwe'weet to the Chae, Psyche said I, she ageciig to pay this visit far mnote readily than I antitslsated. ' ~hatl you be glad to snSEthel " Iasked, 'the ish prompting the question. "Yes," she answered, nodding her head. f! There is so much I want to ask her that I can't ask you, so much I want to learn. I ean Sotk tlkn. much to you because I don't know '-enough words, andsosnetimcs I say theo wrong e--'bne, and it nmakes you laugh, and shows cme =:-eosv foolish I m. But I think a great de-1 w 'hen mo eyes are shut." " Can y'ou tell me what you think ?" S",Soinany things! tlinkhiot beautiful it is to sit and listen to you speak; and I think if I coldleamrn more words I could talk to you, Ali rigkh's rncrved. and make you happy-jnst as you make me happy. Sometimes I thin I am no more than the little creatures in the garden that we forget the next daybecause they cannot tell us what they think and feel. And I want to be something more than that, you know." There was a pathetic vibration in her voice as it sank in this last phrase. Then, in a firmer tone, she added, " So I want to see all that Ethel can do, and learn how to do it very soon -very soon." We met Ethel and her father in the drive, and walked together through the flower Barden and the conservatories, there being still light enough to reveal the tints of the blooms even to ordinary eves. Under his daughter's influ ence Sir hienry was always reasonable. and at most times amiable and interesting ; but this evening I was struck by the tender interest he took in Psyche. Ito devoted himself almost ex clusively to her, and betrayed no symptom of jealousy or suspicion when Ethel andl I lingered in the rear. The manner of this extraordinary man was now as opposed to his brusquerie'of the morning as that to the quaking agitation of the night before. Seleeting some of the blos soms that Psyche most admired, he arranged them with taste in a spray, gossiping at the same time in a simple way that she could understand, and fastened it upon her dress. Psyche twas delighted. pointing out to me that it was like the spray that Ethel wore. " I'had no idea the girl was so intelligent," he said to me, when Psyche had drawn Ethel away with the serious view she had in mind. " And how exceedingly sweet her manner is." I rep'eatodowhat Psycho had said in coming. " That wisll ohesa wouldabe tcrribly patthtio it it wereimpossible toroalise it," he remarked; " but, thank God, it may be realised. She shall learn all that she wi?hes to know. I will adopt her as my own daughter." " If her real parents are not found," I ug gested. " True, but I do not think they will be found,'" he said, in an odd, dry tone. " By the-bye, there was no letter for you at Tower bridge. Isaw Andrsrs this aftertnioonandput Ohe rtse hypethetieallo before him. He is dis. tinctly of opinion that so far as the g+rls wel fare is concerned tlhe best thing is tdo nothing. The great thing to be feared is that the man who put her out of the way twulve years ago will get her into his hands again in order to put Ier away elfectually and for ever. There cans be no doubt that the crime was attempted with a mercenary motive ; the child coming between this man and a fortune. If that was so Psyche is still the rightful heiress, and more dangerous to the man nows than she was as a child. At any rate it wsund be most unwise to do any thing in a hurry. There is no necessity for haste. [ intend, with the blessing of heaven," he murmurel fervently, " to repair the wrong that has been done to that poor girl. and to be to hera better friend than those who suffered her to be carried away." There was an awkward pause. I could not account satisfactorily to myself for the feeling of embarrassment that made me silent. " You can't make it out," said Sir Henry, observing my silence. " That does not sur prise me. To you it must sem's tfhat my con duct has been that of a maniac rather than a sane man, and nothing must appear irsore mad than my propo·al to adopt as my daughter a girl I saw for the first time last night. lEvery, effect is inexplicable until the ctuse that pro duced itstands revealed. My quickly changing moods are inexplicable. Believe me. not one of those moods would appear more teunaccountable than the phases in an eelipse if yrts knew of the shadow cast ulpon my life. Th'it shadow is ne.rly past, thank God l! One of these days not now--you shall know all l" As he spoke the last words he opened hiis note-book and took out a paper, which he now put in my hand. " Thit is the cheque for the propertyyou were good enough to let me have," he said, in a tone of real gratitude. " With it, Bernard. I give you permission to ask my daughter to be your wife." This was as unexpected as anything he had tlet said or done, andhis tonebetraying none of hat bitter sense of*deprivation he had before displayed made the contradiction more ob vious. " In givingyon my daughter," he continued, you may, e.rhaps, find sonse reason for my eager desire to adopt Psyche." If I had not beenblinded by a lover's emotion I might have found another reason, and seen that I was taking a bribe. We found poor Payche in the library looking, with pained wonder, at an opeln Look, and striving to understand thalt each collection of black n:ksrh mean t a word, atnd that these sordo taktn tOgether told oe "ontitttgt that people- wanted to knuow. From the book she looked round the roomt at the heelves from floor to ceiling, filled with similar books. " Are they all the same ?" she asked. " No, see, this is quite different," replied Ethel, opening another, and telling her the story it contained in a fe e:asy words. Buat the story failed to charm Psyche, for she had a very serious object in making these in " Can you read them-all these little words in all these books ?" she asked in awe. " Yes, Ethel can read them all, and so will you be able to read them one of these days," said Sir Henry kindly. Psyche dre? a long breath in silence. Then turning to Ethel, she said "' Now I want to hear you sing a song with words." Ethel took her into the drawingroomn, and sitting down to the piano sang a simple ballad to her own accomnaniment. '" Oh, that is eautiful,"' said Psyche, after listening in rapt attention. " I want to hear it again, let me do it." Andl seating herself before the piano she pressed the notes as she had seen Ethel press them; but when nothing but discord came from her touch she drew back frightened, and looked round to see if we were laughing at her folly. But the poor child's ignorance and dismay moved us hi another You will have to learn a long while, dear, beforeyou crn play," said Ethel, sitting down beside her and takig her hand. "I have been learning since I was quite a little child." WhenAweleft the house the stars were out. -`Look, look !" cried Psycho, lifting Ethel's hand in delight, " see, she wears dewdrops on her fingers." At a word from her father Ethel took the diamond ring off and slipped it on Psyche's finger. It's a dewdrop that doesn't fade, and that you can keep for ever, and you shall wear ft always, dear, for my'sake." As Psyche sat by my side in the night she held tup The ring and looked at the graneing rays wisttully. 1' Brother," she said, "it does not look so lovely on my hand as it did on hers. ZMy fingers are not so smooth and white as hers." " Working in the sand has spoiled -them. That's all over now." " Yes, we shall work side by side no more." Presently she looked at the ring again. " Oh, it was kind of her to give it to me," shesaid, pressing the ring toher cheehk. '" She is all kind, and good, and sweet, and beautiful. You don't know anyone in all the world more beau tisul ond good, do yso ?" " No, Psyche." " I don't think there will ever ee one like her," she said in a uict tone of convictiton. W hy, I thought yon were going to be like her," Isaidlightly, hoping to change the vein o sadness in which her thoughts seemed to bhe running. -But the pleasantry was unper ceived. - "tNo," said she, shaking her head gravely, " r canneverbe like her. I -assilly and vain to think that. I know better now. I could never leatn all those words--never sing as she does, forshe has been learning since she was a little child-all the time I have been living in the dark. I shall never be anything but a silent little creature of the garden;" her voice tremr bled. " Talk to me, dear, just a little more, and let me listen, as I did in thle cave when you, first came to me and Iknenothlling. Oh, it was good to lknow nothing then; it is dreadful to know so little now. My heart is very iull. I casmot speak." My heart was full also, but I managedto speak coeerfullyas I reasoned with her, show ilgthat our happiness did not depend upon our excclling all others, or there could be butone happy person in the whole world; that no two persons are alive but each has some excellence which the other may lack without being less lovable ; and other truisms of alike kind. Whether she followed my argument or understood it I cannot tell. Perhaps it was only thesound of my voice she heard while her thoughts were occupied with pleasantmemo ries. But shle seemed comforted now and again, smoothing my shoulder gently with her cheek as she did when she washappy. I thought I might take advantage of this mood to prepare-her for the coming chance, so I spoke of our visit to the Chase, and the things we had seen. It pleased her to talk about the greenhouses and the gorgeous flowers inthem. "But it was so strange," she raid, in atone of awe. " It will seem less strange and mole beauti ful when you know them better." "Are we going there again '' she asked, shyly.' - W e are going to dine there to-morrow evening. You weill like to go ?" " Vherever you go I must like to go." - " You don't-dislike Sir Ienry C" . . " Oh, no. Ilike him a great deal." " Iam glad of that. Doyou know he wnts you to live with him always '" " Why, I wudds't do that," sheexclaimed, laughin. Then seeing me- grave, her smile dwentsudenly, and she maidwith an accent of consternation, "You don't want me to go away from you-you will not make me go to him?' "I'll not make you do anything, Psyche, that hurtsyou. You shall live with me am long as you wilL"' " Oh, my brother," he exclaimed, clasping my arm to her breast. Presently I said : " Would you like to have Ethel always for a companion and friend P?" "I do not understand that. I cannot live always with her and with you too." " Not while we liveasunderae we do. But if lask Ethel tolivro with as and she says yes." " ?he will never say yes," Psyche said, con flidently. "Ne'over, never, never. I laughed and asked how she could tell that. "I can tell it by what I feel," she'an swered. "When she looks at you and you look at her-when you speak low together as you did to-night, I could cry with thepain in my heart. Then how could she bear to see us sitting as we sit now, whispering to each oth'er througle the night with no thought for any other' ? 'o, no !-she could not do that. It would be too much pain. More than shecould bear. Shewould ratherlivealone than see that you are my brother and not hers." How could I tell her that I loved Ethel more than I loved her? I rose, putting off a little longer.the evil hour. if l'syclho rarely came down from her room aeseorse..st ; we were to dine at 8 o'closk, but Sir Henry had asked me to come in the afternoon. 1 was bidding Ethel good-night at that moment, and the mutual pressure of our hands conveyed the feeling with which we" lookedforward to the meeting better than my faltering tongue expressed. I went up to the house at "1, and after some general conversation Sir iHenry excused him self and went into the library, leaving Ethel and me to ourselves. Westrolled in the shade of the pinewood, and there I asked Ethel to he my wife, and she came into my arms and I held her there ob livieus of everything but the crowning happi ness of my life. " Why are you crying, love ?" I asked. She raised her head from my breeist and showed me a face radiant with happiness. " Why should I cry ?" she asked. I was perplexed. I could have sworn that as I murmured my love over her bent head, kissing the waving hair, I heard a smothered suob.. It was getting dusk when we saw Sir Henry in the drive. " I am going over to fetch Psyche-my other ehild," he said. I gave him the key of the door, content to stay with my love. Ten minutes perhaps had goue by when Sir Henry appeared again in the drive. He was alone and walking hastily. '" Where is Psyche?" he asked, whenhe was evithin speaking distance. "' left her in the house when I came away. I heard her singingin her room." " She is not there now," he answered. "She is gone!" CHIIAPTER XXIII. THE MEECY OF HEsuEn. " She is gone !" The words struckmoe with dis may. I concluded at once that old Peter had suceccded in capturing poor Psyche. He was notsa man who threatened idly, as themurder ous attempt on the girl's life had already proved. I spore my tear to oLr ienry, and we ran to the cottage. "' You have nothing to fear from him," he replied, with confidence. "It is mor probable that she has left the house as she did the other day when she found you gene." 'This view was partly confirmed in my mhid when I found the back door unbolted. After taking a hasty glance in her room and round the garden we returned to the Chase. It was there she sought me before she knew we were to dine at the house. It was natural to sup pose that she had taken the same path and wandered from the open drive into the deeper shade of the park. Yet my heart sank with a fearful misgiving that the hope was delusive. We went up to thohouse. Then separating we searched the alleys of the park, calling S'syche" as we went ; but no anewercame. I found myself on the spot where Ihad asked Ethel to be my wife, and taken her into my anrs. Then noticing a thicket hard by, and remembering tha sound of a stifled sob that had reachea my ear, I felt convinced that it had trom poor Pesych's wrung heart, and that she in seeing me embrace Ethelsas Ih id never embraced her hadlearnt for herself what I had nIt found courage to tell her-that I loved Ethel more than I loved her. " My poor little sister," I cried, and waited withl the last hope of hearing her sweet voice elho"' poor little sister !" Not a br-th brok the awful silence. Alone Iwont back to the cottage. I called her again and again in the garden and went into the house to search in every room with blank hopelessness. Opening the door of my own room I found a trace of her that crisped the hairon my head. The room was strewn with fresh-cut flowers. There were flowers on my pillow, and beside them the ring that Ethel had put on her finger. Is:at down unable to go further, for this touchingsouvenir was too significant to be mis understool. Our conversation of the. mnight before came back to me; what she had said in speakionf of the impossibility of Ethers livi-g with us applied now to herself-" she could not do that. It would be toomuch pain. M?ore than she could bear. She would rather live alone than see that you are mine and nothers." And she had found that it was for her to go away andlive alone. But where had she wan deredi? I asked myself, starting up as "I reallsed the necessity of linding the poor girl and sootlidn" her stricken heart at once I did not fear suicide. Pavche scarcely knew wh:at death was; the possibility of self-destruction was beyond her imagination. Had she simply gone alongtho road, on and on, with no other object but to getaway from the place where it was too much painto live ? No. In her room I found a clue to her destination. There was a cupboard. in which she kept, with a strance love, the relies she had brought aweay with her from the cave. The rough serge sack in which she worked by my side in the burrow, the shoes she wore when the day's work was done, and a necklace of shells that I had ground on a flint and threaded together-they were gone, and beside her bed lay all the clothes had given her in her new life; Ifeltsureshe had gone back to the cave, to live alone there with the memory of those happy days when her heart never ached.' It struck me that amongst those things which she could not find words to tell me about was some sort of premonition of this return. The old life was often in her thoughts; but she had dwelt more than usual upon the cave this laoot night. Long after our conversation about Ethel she said: " lrother, do ynou re member the pretty things we carved in the wall o the cave. There was a piece you marked in hlackthatInever hadaimertodeih. Only a little more and it woul h be all finished," and later on she said, " We have forgotten all about poor eaw;. I wonder if he would know me again, and come on my shoulder if I called." With these recollections coming to my mind, Iran across the downs. There was only one way to-the cave that he knew; the way by -which we had left it together, and that way I knew she would try to return by-not re-asn ing that the water must long smce'have silted up the tunnel. I went down ths gap; to my consternation the water was up, and ofter fol lowss" the shore some distance I was pre. ventc by the sea from going further. I ran back, up the gap. andaloei the cliff in frenzied haste. Beyond Deadman's Point I lookeddown. The light had so faded that I could barely distinuish the fragoments of cliff strewed on the seore from the foam of the water beating amidst them. Presently I stood on the cliff just over the cavern and trained my eyes in the dark chaos of reeks and rater below. It was there we had come out into the open day. A few jaickdaws were wheeling roud half way down; their 'cry was to me a terrible omen. Then grulpt odowt my chokin emotion I called, for the last time, h " Psyche! Sister-, ar Psyehe'ta.u It may have been nodmore thai ineag'nation, and yet a cold awe chilled me to the heart as there seemed to fall upon my ears teat screlling rise and plaintive fall of the .Holan song of my sweet little helpmate. As I rushed back along the cliff I'met Sir Heood God, man !" he cried, " What is the matter, you look like a ghost of yourself." " Poor Psyche is down there !" I answered through my sobs, still running. \- "Wihat do you nean, Thorns 1" he asked, his voice almost as broken as mine. " She has tried to get back tothe cave-I know it, I know it ! and the water has come "Oh God, have I this to answer for, too " We looked into the water like madmen, and waded and swam tillithe point was rounded, and then we got upon the sand and again .till weR came. among the great boulders and ragged~ fragmuentsof the fea lecli. ...... - ad there-we foundher--just i little beyo'nl the receding wat&es; ii her dabbled dress. Her. handos were siasped tightly upbn the string of u?ells I had put about her neck in days when -he knew no pain ; and nowinr herswee ahild'a face there was the ama expeesson of innocent joyitthadwornthen. I trust in God's mercy that atthe last ashe forot that there ias sermng in this world, and died with the happiest memories she knew. CHAPTER XXIV. THE X?tIATIO0. She lies in the churchyard at Ecclesham. On the stone over her grave there is one word, " Psyche'"-no more. Her loss was a terrible blow to all who had knownher. Even my grandfather hobbledup to the grave as we left it and dropped in the flowers hehad gathered for that purpose. But the one mostprostrated was Sir Henry Duncan. He looked like a man who never slept. Morally and physically he seemed unable to -hold up his head, and walked as if he had risen from a bed Of sickness against his wish. His condition perplexed Ethel as much as it alarmed her; it was less a mystery to me, for Iwas per fectlysure that in some way he was responsible for Psyche's wasted life. " He has always suffered from occasional fits of dejection," Ethel said to me. " And hitherto I have been'able to give him relief. But now my efforts fail; it seems as if he did not hear my voice. I wish you could persuade him to have medical advice." 'inding him alone in the park that evening, I told hisi what she had said. "Yes," he said, " it is time I did something. I can't To on like this, blighting the happiness. .11...li i-s. .. .. ut -- ;- u ý_ a morrowmorning; tell her I have gone todeon suit the best physician I know, and shall act on his advice no matter what it is. I can't tell her myself ; she'd ask questions, and I have never told her a lie." He was absent the next day, and I told Ethel what he had promised to db; but I knew that he had gone no further than the rocks where Psyche perished, and that conscience wasathe only physician whose guidance he sought and intended to follow. Ve met him in the even ing as he was coming home, his hands behind him, his chin sunk on his breast. "I've seen him, love," he said, taking Ethel's hand with more tenderness than he had latelydisplayed. " Says I need change. Tells mel mustgo away as soon as possible." meI thought he would advise that," Ethel said. " Where shall we go ?" "I shall go alone," he said firmly; and then with an abrupt change, 1" when shall you be married ?" " It is almost too early to think of that," she replied, looking down at the crape on her dress. "I supposeconvcntional considerations must be studied even in a quiet wedding, Ishould have liked to wait until you are married, dear; butI don't think I must delay this journey. I want to avoid anything like a parting," he continued after a pause, " and so if I don't put in an appearance one morning you must notbo alarmed. My sister is coming down with her youngsters next week-perhaps I shall go then, perhaps before, as I can't stand children. Any how, 1 shall not say good-bye to vou." One night at the end of the week after I had parted from Ethel, I found Sir Henry in the drive where he waited purposely for me. " I want to talk to you," he said, " let us go on to the Downs This path is the most direct." We turned from the drive, and walked in silenee through the shade. "Do you believe in expiation, Thorne ?" he asked, suddenly. " If you mean reparation for injury done-I began. He interrupted inme impatiently. " There are some injuries that can never be repaired. Do you believe that a man may get his soul out of hell by an act of self-sacrifice that is what I mean." ni' _.\c To injure oteself for having injured another doubles the offence." " li a man may cry quits with society when he has served his term il gaol for breaking society's laws, why should not a man's con science be at peace when he has inflicted upon himself the punishment he deserves. How else is he to get his soul out of that hell where the vulture of reproach tears at it night and day ? There is no other way by which he may hope to meet those he loves hereafter. But for that ' fear of something offer death,' " he continued in a lower tone, speaking to him self rather than addressing me. " the fear of fialing one pale-haired, sweet-faced child, and but for the hope of meeting my dear daughter, escape from this purgatory would be easy and quick enough." The park was bounded by a deep ditch. WVo leapt t ; but on the other id. Sir ?-o.?? stopped as if it had recalled something to his miind, and instead of striking across the Downs, as had seemed his intention, he followed the edge of the ditch till it ran into a deep cleft in the cliff, where the drainage was carril off. The cleft was deeal, but still not more than six or eight feet wide at the surface, and it grew deeper as it went down to the outlet on the shore. Following the cleft for some twenty paces Sir Henury stopped at a point where the turf shovwed .that a load of lime hIad been thrown there. " I had lime shot in," he said, "because there is something dead anld putrid down there. Peter Beamish is down there. I shot him through the head that night-you remember " Is that the crime you are going to expiate" I asked. He laughed hoarsely. "Crime!" hie ex claimed. " I think no more of shooting thlat nursed villain through the head than if he had been a mad dog." He kicked a clod down the cleft, and, as it fell with a thud on the lime that covered old Peter, he said: " Fancy a thing like that-a vile, ignorant ruffiant of ninety and odd, keeping me under Lis thumb for a dozen years, holdins me at his mercy, threatening ,nydaughter with life-long disgrace. With a little more wit he might have taken every penny of my ill-gotten fortune from me. You must know by this time that I am the man who gave him that chest to sink out at sea. Every meeting we had was in the Idark, and under a disguise I believed lie could not recogniso me-but he did. He was used to the night. It was part of his old business to penetrato disguise and know what sort of a man he had to do with. IHe told me how ther had discovered her and brought herto life. liut no bribe would induce him to give her up to me or tell me where I could find her. Perhaips your grandfather's mercy had something to d.i with that. He thought maybe that having tried to destroy her once I only wanted to get her again to do the deed effectually. For twelve years that went on. Then I saw your advertisemIent in The T"imes and answered it through a firm of solicitors inl London. When I learnt from them that the girl you had fourd was the child I had tried to murder I lost my head, and Peter 3eamnish coming to me at that very moaneut for money, atd with his usul treats o exposure, I defied himuto produce the girl, and so like a fool put him on the scent. He had told men that the child was a stout, healthy wench in service as a barmaid; I expected tofindiher vulgar, coarse, robust. You car imagine the shock when I hoard the truth, and found the awrest, fresh little thin" whose wasted ltfe I had to answer for. God brnous I didriot mean'to bury her ahlre. You ask why I tried to killthe child ! I have brought you here to tell. Not that I may excuse myself, but that is may lesen thue'child's shame wheis the truth is knorn. I married in direct defiance of my fathcr's wioh. oe disinherited me. I--a spendthrift, anid ne'er-do-well, who had never occupied myself with one serious consideration, found myselfunable toearn i living. M[y wife died. thel was sick. ?ly last guinea was paid for the advice of a physimian. He declared ihat Ethel could be saved by being taken to _Iuleira for a time, but could never live through the winter in this climate. At that juncture my father died, leaving everything to an adopted infaint, for he, like me, ira a friend less, unlovable man. Dy a strange coincidence the uadopted child was weak-not espscted to outlive childhood. lty father knew this, aud left his fortune to her with a reversion to me, simply as a means of prolonging my punish menta few years. And niow this question was presented to me: should I suffer my own child to dihi'when Imighlt save her lifeby destroying the child who does not expect to live ? I dia not hesitate an instant.. My child was every thins to me, the other was nothing, to anybody. I stole the child, and as I believed took her life awaywith an opiate. I believed that she was deadwhen I gave her into the hands of Peter deamishl. May God deny me mercy if this is untrue." He paused, and than in a softened tone he said, "I do not wish to exonerate mt self. Time will show that I have paid tue penalty for the woe I brought upon poor n happyPsyche." Hedidnot return to the Chase. Ethel tried to believe that her father was seeking relief from physical suffering abroad. A month passed, and we heard no tidings of him. One day my grandfather came to me, witha scared look inhis face. " " Sonny,"he said in that hectoring tone he ha.dleatned from his lfather, " You're" got to como along of me. You're got to put on your hat and ask sn questions, but just hike what I'yegat to glue you as we goes along." " - \- I put on my hat and went lait with tim.l Ws turndd in the dirhetionsof the Halfnway-housae. S" I'don't see much good in reoforming," he Iegan aswe trudged aloun " Soeems to me if 3"1 go a bit cut o' your right course at the iuststa? not all the tracts and total abetmia ting in life ain't going to put you straight tgen." "What's the matter ?" I asked. 63 " You speak when you're spoke to, and not sore, sonny, or you'll go wrong like the rest of the fambly." Having wsalkei on some dis tancein silence to let this warning sink in he recomnenced: " I dun' now what's the use on it all. Hero's father been out on the loose over a mouth and never comeanighme ; it don't signify anything that I ain't touched no much as two-pennorth, and been cockin' my eye up at the textes all the while-here's more trouble. 'S if it warn't enough dreamin' every night of the young 'un, and wakin' up all a htiver and a si'oeat'thmkin I'd forgot to send down herviatuals. It gets over me that do !" He stopped-hie old chin twitched, and he looked out over the sea with blank dejeetion. The sight of his cottage roused hitom; He turned his quid over, and, knitting his brows, said : "You're got to go down in that cave again, sonny." i.stopped short,:chilled to the heart at the very thought of revisiting the scene of poor Psyche's captivity. " Come on-- ou're got to go," he said, doggedly. " I'd go myself if I'd got the etrength, and it ain't the fear of not comin' up agen stops me .yeither. I'd know what's the good of n old fellow like me a hangin'g on in this world." " Who is down there ?" I asked, the truth fslahing upon me. " He's down there--Sir IHenry Duncan." " ow lonll has he been there r?" "rt moe?u, lonn. -Re plare to no and told mo I should have fu e old cottage as long as I lived if I served him as I sered the young 'un. And seeisn' it was kinder right and pious he should do by himself as others had been done by through him I agreed to it. Day by day I've whistled to him--ell, as near as I could like i whistled to her; but there warn't no pretty song come back; heo..emptied the bucket though all right, but with never a sound, tillit rome yesterday, and all day long I was calling himAand a whistling, but no answer come, and this morning the victuals is in the bucket just as I left 'em. So you've got to go down, onuy, andseeo what's amiss.' I went down sick with apprehension and the dull pain of awakened memories. Once more I lit candle and groped along the passage into the shadowy cave. I found lshim stretched out dead upon Psyche's bed with the evidence of Psyche's life about him. In the alcove over his head hune stripes of the coloured rigs .he had hung there ; itt the wall the scroll she cut; in the sand a print of herlittle foot. WVhat place, what means could be have found more fitting for his torrible ox pistion. The clouds hrove lifted; the sun shines now. Ethel is my wife, and wvheu I hold hier hand in mine I feel that I possess all the happiness heaven ,ul give. Last night we lingered iong in the garden afte?- the afterglow faded away; the heavens filled with stars, and we watched them in silent happiness. "Hush ." murmured Ethel, stopping. " Did you hear it ?" A faint sound far away rose and fell, and so died away imperceptibly. "'There'it is again," she whispered low. "It is the first nihtingale i" It sounded to emy ear like the lost voic of Psyche singitg of the niew happiness of a new world. Tue Epn. 