? THE PENNY TOST AGE —1S!K). A " HOMINY-ISL'.S.'— Black Maria. A MAN with a black eye is always a marked man. AFTER a good drunk, nn ma:I wants the services of a phrenobgist. He can f-*c! his own he id then. A NORTHERN paper headed its shipping intelligence the other day '• Aquatici." Ky King Sport's command. A MAN' named Ci 1 has been h -a ily lined for assaulting the up-country pol cli'jt there, girls will be girls. THERE is said to 1)3 a difii inlty in the tailoring trade. We know it—the chief dilli-iulLy is to get customers to pay up. THK only toasts given at a shearers' carousal in a shed in Western Queens'and lately were '"The Queen ' and " the New Cook." ON-LY soft tack can be obtained at railway refreshment bars now, says the Standard. Who calls the railway sandwich soft tack ! BOYS at litou and Harrow schools have L)!'-N prohibited by the master from wearing tan shoes. They wear their other parts tanned as usual. A T.ATE Evening Standard contained an article headed "A Conscientious Broker." Wedilnot read it—we are tired of those extravagancies. A CANOWRA scjuatter dismissed six emp'oyes lately because they were teetotallers. He Baid there was little enough water in the dam for his sheep. THE suburban policc have shot in a man for, says an evening truthful, " hilling a woman over the month.'' « e've heard of people being knocked into the "middle of next week,'" but a month J never'. DtJKINO twenty-four hours of the Christmas festivities in the Old Men Asylums nt Parramatta, seven deaths took place. The ollest of the persons was 109 years of age. Even that venerable figure of patriarchal confidence the calamitous fcitival pudding declines to spare. BOOKS are being constantly stolen from the library in the New South Wales Colonial Secretary's cilice, and detectives have been Eet ou the watch. The library is also a waiting room and it is among the persons who call on Sir Henry that .he thief or thieves are expected to be found. THREE diggers up Bathurst way clubbed their savings since June last for a tearing time in Sydney at Christmas. Two of them reached Sydney on foot the other day in an anxious search after the third one, who was treasurer, and " had gone before." They stand a chance of going back without soleB to their boots. A CROWD followed a man through Surry Hills for over an hour one night lately believing him to be a Salvation Army leader. His behaviour was energetic, and his yells and howl6 indicated that he was possessed by a strong sense of duty. After walking behind him throuph several streets tlu v discovered that he was only a L'hristmaser in delirium trevvn>•. FROM a daily : —" Montague S , Middle I'ark. The happiest of happy New Years! Forget that despicable M 13. Your best revenge will be the inevitable retribution and disgrace that must follow her infamy. 1 he whole wealth of my unalterable love is yours.—YIOLKT, South Y'arra " No wonder we can believe that revenue is sweet, especially to woman. Oh ! those " M. J).'s,'" they're always getting into trouble. SPARKS from a passing train set fire to the hair of a musician near Sydney la6t week The metropolitan and a coupleof suburban fire brigodes were quickly on the ground, and with energetic work succeeded in extinguishing the tliines. The wind was blowing east at the time, and it is considered that had it been blowing west one-half of Redfern would have been destroyed. One of the musician's cars was badly siuged. BEACTIFI'I.Uithurst! A local notifies that "no papers will be i-sued on Christmas or Boxing Day, but any lose our readers may sustain in this respect will be compensated for hy the increased interest which one and all will throw into the management ot the paper after the effects of the holiday LIN!^... have worn off." '» " LI After A F» the effects IT A- of the A I.- holiday have worn off." Pheugh ! This beats the Melbourne evening journal* bands down , ,,„„„ „ „ . . . , , A J.ccHANANh^ct I roteclioiiist, goaded to the oratorical pinnacle by his I'reetrade opponent he.d yelled on down by :—"You the outer sli rim of the hmpyrean and oftiie to office, from department y worm, to crawling department, fiom with a stolen umbrella in one hand and a letter of i ('Commendation in the other, begging for a pa.liy billet, the salajy of which would not buy boots for your feet—how dare you insult me !" NOT many years ago the Woolwich Infant, as it was called—an SI ton gnn —was the wonder of the world, and the Quakers of Manchester and Birmingham taw in it a sure sign of the mencement of the era of 'n?J<. br.^nl ' it was a certainty that the £en us^rf«-\\.rtl now Krnnn ,/„H feighin^5tonslnd d ha n Zc a raZ T u ', T weighing.do^tons and having of 11 milesto in the cours* of tinie the cun tbi t will bl hrn w Igainst a ortified citv w^fl nrotabW wdah th^n thc city and b c ic cunne Ld fK f»™ i , wiH l ^ in the touch ho 6 " er '" 8 fam ' !y " K. B. ' advertises for a wife in a Northern paper. He says he has i'oOOO, a comfortable home ami organic heart disease. This last would appear 11 be rat cr a damper ou an enthusiastic applicant, but it is possibly meaut as a set- oil against the further item that his age is ii!l. " ME a respectable wonian !'' shrieked a lady in the Richmond Police C mrt, as, with both dainty fists dug into her side, the glured wil lly at the cross-examining counsel. " Me a respectable woman. Well, [ should say I was, why '' and here she drew herself up to her very, very highest, and glanciug contemptuously along her nose at the common people around her, she continued, " Why, I've ahiik 'auds with the liurl o' 'Opetoun, so I hev " Collapse of counsel. SAYS the Daily Telegraph, speaking of the wreck of the Nylghau : —" Tlie mate had a tine boat with sales, and made much better weather and sai'ed much faster than we did, aud iu order to keep together he took my boat in tow, and we were going at the rate of about four knots all tile afternoon." A boat with " sales," no matter how heavy the sea at the time, is a refreshing change fron) the stereotyped, usual everyday routine of hoard ship. Provided the people iu the boat are well supplied with money, the mate even on the trackless ocean would drive a brisk business with his floating baziar. T ^ , ,. iH I ;1^cw , t ' out , h " ale . a P ol,cs authorities notify that there has be?n of late large influx "f u J J • • i • ,, -—A- Tu enminala lnto South Wales from r j ™ lon,cs - ' >>e cause of the influx is describedas beiug impossible to specify. T bus do police miss obvious facts. Why, it has becime known all over Australia that New South Wales has obtained payment of members, and that a of general the coming election winter, will take place there in the course of the coming winter. EVEN the burglars have a gigantic grievance, and gro»l gloomily at the inroad of their profession made by the amateur. They can stand a lot but the mere idea of boys in the business! mere youthful practitioners, is enough to make the old tradesmen-those who have devoted a whole lifetime to it—get up, pack their swag and P e hoof ' , to R0me outlandish spot where LfT^ 8 are " nk nown. A couple of days back two L i ^ ° f the,r tel?ns ''"^viewed the ^dney n^trat- ™eydgm,"e ^ f i ^ u ^ mg the New Year's holidays, and that thei. lines ^ ^ f,6 h .' th^' n8) Th ' >' (tlle " ot the fish) «tand committed for trial. Poor boys! They were r J?1 turne( l to the oWners (t)le fl8h, not tlle ,,0 ,s). J ' ^ f X fcUCCeSEIUUy ""on onen even' to AN n IMRFRLNR IT was quite pleasant to stand ronud the railway refreshment bars during the latter part of last week and watch the discomfiture of the regu'ar customers who sailed in tor their usual constitutional previous to taking their homeward trains, Oa the first of the month all tiie railway bars were deprived of their pristine glory, and bereft of whiskey, and gin, and rum, and beer, and everything alcoholic and satisfying, and handed over to the cinpty vanity of Itmonade and gingerile and all the other cheap weaknesses and incipient, internal disorders pitronissd by the teetotal part}'. The majority of the gentlemen who permit themselves a regulation whiskey and soda tor their stomach's sakes were not seized of this fact, and they sailed in with their orders expecting to be dazzled by the bright, old, eight-by-teu smile of the cheerful barmaid who had handed round the wine cup of yore, only to be brought up with ft jerk and snagged back sharply by a large, pale icicle of a female, the very personification of raspberry vinegar and awful inward puns, and reminded iu frigid accents that those b.irs were no longer run in the interests of Satan lied, but under the salubrious and benign influence of strict temperauee. The customer invariably got out and leaned firmly up against something to discharge his feelings and relieve himself of his bitterness of spirit. Fancy, dear reader—just fancy eating a railway sandwich to lemonade accompaniment. Yah ! it is too fearful for contemplation. Al .DKRMAN GOUGINS, who was elected at the last municipal i—• contest — at Booroojully, J--J> has \- a high B» appreciation of the dignity of his office. He has taken to wear a tall hat constantly, and in shaking hands be gives but the cold tips of two fingers. He has become distant and reserved in general f but only to grown-up people. He is kinder and gentler than ever to children. Only the other day he put one of these sitting on his knee and pleasiutly discoursed after this fashion : "Emma, 60me >' 0U wiil ^ * ,g™wn woman ; you will ''^V? ho n ° ur8 and dignities, and find your af Bwcet recollections. Hut which of all m . , " d f 1 «> 1 1 the sweetest? Will it not be that you once " lt ° U 1,0 k " ee of AIderI " a ° Goggms /' ANENT the recent Kensington mystery an evening paper man thus wields the ladle:—"One of the curious features of the case is, that although the body had evidently been lying where found for a number of hours, the police wefe not informed of ^ I ' ^ t ' ^ k m ^ n ^ K is all the more remarkahle on account of the large large, number of by the unusual sight, the body lying ifi the street outside /he fence. The gatekeeper on duty at the ates would easily have Been the body had he gazed in that direction/but it may be that people, rather than «H»N be mixed 1 up with II-1. such 1. an FF.J„ affair even __ .. as . witnesses, would refrain from reporting the fact of seeing a dead body to the police.'' Said ladlewielder evidently forgets that this is not only holiday season, but lace time, which is " all the more, remarkab'e " for those who have ogled the wine when it is red knock about our parks, gardens and thoroughfares than anything else «e know of. Ninety-nine out of every hundred people, we'll guarantee, even supposing tliey did see the unfortunate, would not go one inch out of their way ; on the contrary, muttering " drunk again," they'd Bhove on. Now, ha 1 it been in the purlieus of Little Hourke-street, where the unwashed larrikin is ever ou the look-out for the drunken man, the chancis are that the body would have been discovered in less than no time. The deceased is said to have belonged to Nathalie. . which, by-the-way, has earned quite an unenviable notoriety during the past twelve months, A RUSSIAN Inuk clerk, after a year's falsification of accounts, cleare i from the bank with over £, r )000 in his possession, leaving a note bidding all good-bye. In his hurry, however, he fell into a deep trencli about fifty yards from the baiik, and' broke both Irs legs. His ent'ra scheme was thus burst up. Not a bad idol, that of having a deep trench withiu fifty yards of a bank. JANE WILLIAMS is a boarding house humorist of the very deepest dye. For " My Jane, my Jane, my pretty Jane," has figured in the South Melbourne Court for—listen to this, ye gods !— running away with a man's leg. It's a common every-day occurrence for a woman to ask for and get (sometimes without asking) not a man's hand, but a leg ! The man, a bootmaker, was quietly pegging away at his work, having 1 id his artificial leg on one eide, when euter. hurriedly, J«ne, who, shouldering the limb in re^ulor soldierly fashion, marched majestically from the place. This, the owner (Mr. 0 D?n) didn't relish, and the police arrested Jane. She was eventually dis-charged on its being explained that the O'Dea leg was taken for money owing for b ard and lodging. WF. have always laboured under the fond hallucination that we were ahead ot Sydney in all things bar cheap liquor and professional boatracing. Now, however, we tearfully step down and Uke a back seat. "1 he worst ot it is, too, that we clung tenaciously to the idea that our police force rang rings aruuud the New South Wales police; but listen to this. A couple of days back the merry burglars, some Beven or eight of them, set out upon an expedition. A fcad-eyed young man observed them, and hied him off to the private residence of an officer who lived hard by, a constable rejoicing in the patriotic name of Knimett (pronounced in the force " Itnmit.") This con- Hable, plucky and daring to a degree, arming himself with a load of handcuffr, set out in hot pursuit, alone and single-handed. flow ciuld he cafli the loi f you'll ask. Well, lie did Koll iw us a little further. As soon as the gang saw trey were observed a general helter-skelter took place. The officer, not to he outdone or outrun, made the pace pretty warm, and muzzling the nearest, coolly hamiatjlfd his prisoner around a lamppaxl and started off again ; coming up with number two he repeated tht delightful operation, and off again. And so he continued until eventually he succeeded in "beating them all on the post." Now, for good solid work and right down originality we doubt very much if this could well be beateu. He should receive that promotion he so richly deserves, and, further, Yictoria might do a deuced sight worse than make a big bid for Mr. limmett's services. Stay, though; now that we come to ponder we're not carried a«ay with the subject, if this novel capture were attempte 1 iu this city the Melbourne burglar would either cirry away the lamppost with him, or shin up aloft over the tap of the lamppost and aw ay. STAWKLI. has just recovn-ed from a terrible state of tumult, and at one time it looked aB though there would be a liot aimng't the residents. Stawell would have its holiday sensation and for want of anything better stepped into the breach with a ghost, from which at a glimpse it will t c Been that, believing as they do in the ghost, the population of Stawell includes few up-country theatricals. This by-the-way, however. To our story : A local resident, Mrs. Williams, resides in Ligar- street, and has had not only her equanimity, but her furniture, upset, for on l isinp eacli morning judge of her astonishment to discover all her household goodB strewn about in the most admired confusion. Taking the neighbours into her confidence and house, they reBolvcd themselves iuto committee, and deoided to keep watch. lliey kept it, and hearing voices coming from a tea caddy, the leg of a pair of trousers and other such places, they (the townspeople, not the trousers) fled in all directions. Then the police marched up, entered and were challenged from the chimney by an unBeen voice. ThinkiDg that Santa Claus was probably working overtime, the police had an idea that B lmething was up—that is, up the chimney. Searching the chimney (without a warrant) and finding nothing, they were about giving up the case as a bad job, when lo, and behold 1 the very flooring boards began bandying words with each other. Tbev, however, could not bo well arrested, and besides there was no precedent laid down by which the police could even proceed against a floor for quarrelling. The boards weie torn up, but nothing of importance brought to light. Unable to elucidate the terrible mystery and its surroundings, the populace, from the biggest business man to the tiniest urchin in Stawell, assembled, and with blanched cheeks they surrounded the place. That is, not only the cheeks, but each and every inhabitant whole. On Sunday the voices continued, and the assemblage were reluctantly compelled to fairly confess that they were fairly bewildered. Several people in the crowd at once signified their intention of moving further up and down the line to Horsham and Ararat. Whilst the townspeople, sorely puzzled, were engaged scratching their beads iu sad perplexity a little grand-daughter of aforesaid Mrs. Williams meekly stalked up, and, with her hands behind lier ba.-k, and gurgled, like the truthful little she George Washington she is, "Grandma, 'twas me ; I did it." And soitturned Stout, for the little lady had developed ventriloquial , powers of no mean order. Business goes on ju|t the same as usual now in Stawell. 