ItoveUst. THE HAUNTED HUSBAND OK, I*aOy Clid'Ayad s Spccirc. 15V ffAiiiiiET Linvj.-?. CHATTER XX'X. MISTRESS AND MAID. Young Lady Chetwynd did not lose her presence of mind as Fiack, *piinyi;ig from the cab, barred her further progress down the street, With a great oath, find with <;utstretcbcd hands, !;c sprarir forwaid to intercept her. Uui with ii«: quickness </£ a Hash, Dernice wht'/i«. d and Tan in the direc tion. she had come. pEsiapr the iodpng house from which she had j;i?; cscap: <L She liad barely passtd, when Mrs. Crow) and the landlady, in a panic, came out of the house and swiftly descended the slops in starch of her. Flack and the two woimn bounded iu pursuit of the young ftsgiiivr. The hour was yet early, hut, the sky was fact darken ing, and a fine mist was beginning its fall. A gas lamp or two flickered ° through the wet. There were few people in the street. Bernice had a brief stars of her pursuers and flew on like a mad crcatuic. She turned the nearest earner instinctive!v ran a block, and turned a second earner before her pursuers appeared around the first. There had b^rn a momentary delay in the pursuit. The landlady had gone back to Lcr open house. Mrs. Growl, remembering suddenly thai she had not on iicr bonnet, signalled to the cab Fiaek had summoned, ■waited for it to come up. and continued her pursuit iu ih.it. Flack had been detained for an instant bj- Mis. Growl, who had frantically begged him to Gumtnon the cab for her, and the delav- -brief f.s it was—was mosl pro7ident;al for iijr niee. Flacfc, with a tmr.tered curse upon his con federate for detaining him. dashed on, turning the corner as Ucrnice had d-mn : but then he paused, locking up ;-.nd dosvn the street, uncertain. which way to sn. Thus occurred another providential d.Oay, c<>n tributing further to thee scape of the joins'* fugitive. ° "I can't lose time in this war." ni'.: tie red the man. " She's gone clown the sheet." lie ran in the direction thus indicated. The cab. in which was Mr;s. OrosvJ, followed his guidance, and pass'd 'mm in the pursuit. Flack had not gone more than a clock—not further than the first corner—when he be came convicccd tl-.at he bad t:>.k;n the •wrong course. With an audible oath. he ■turned and hastened in ike opposite direc tion. All this delay had been faial to him. Derniee had sped on swiftly, turning coiner after corner, without aim in her course berond the hope and des'gn of niacing as preat a distance as possible between herself and her pursuers. And she saw nothing whatever of them. Once or twice, heating steps or the roll of a cab behind her, slseciouchcd in a doorway snd waited until th'.-y 1 ad passed, but the steps were not those of Fiaek, and the cab was not that iu which Mrs. Groifl was seated. Gradually, as the distance she had traverser became greater, and her heart throbbed iiercclr, and she became weary and footsore, she slackened her speed to a walk, yet she dared not sit down to rest leet her enemies should overtake her. It seemed to her that she bad walked many miles when at Ir.et she came out upon a wide, well-lighted street, where omnibuses were running and cabs rat tied swift ly up aiH down —a. street lined with fine shops, and with plenty of promcnadere, despite the line mist that was falling. This was Oxford-street. Bjrniee mingled with the tide of pedestrians, and a feeling of safety and security replaced her late tenor. Hci £jic(jijg *w ?is on ber utih. <^rcw it on over her shoulders, adjusted her "hat, and walked on very slowly. She bad three pence in her pocket, and store her watch and chain, which v.ouid serve in emergency as money. But where was "she to spend the night ? She sat down upon the doorstep of a dark ened house in a quiet street, so near to Ox ford-sticct that she could hear the rattle of the omnibuses over the pavements. The bells of the church sotne «liere near rang out the hour of eight. People passed her, but no one noticed her or : spoke to her. ' " L'erhaps I night slay here all night ?" .Bernice thought, anxiously. She crept closer in the shadow o£ the tall iron railing protecting the sides of the tall ■flightof cteps. She had scarcely ensconced lierself to ber satisfaction, wheu a man came Slurrying along the street and ascended the ■very 6deps on which she was croucbinsr. He idrew & latch-key from bis pocketT and -while vainly endeavoring to fit it in the lock in the darkness, his gaze fell upon Bern ice " Here, you tramp," be said, roughly. <: Be cS with you, or I'll call a policeman. My steps are not a lounging-place for tramps like you." Without a word Bernice arose and sta« jiered on. She bad no word of pleading— nothing to say for bet self—but niove'on like a shadow through the darkness and the mist. A little later she came out into a square, dingy and gloomy enough at best, but now dark and dreary with its spectral gas-lights and rows of frowning buildings on eveiy side. This was Soho Square. Bernice crossed the square and passed into & narrow street bs yond. Sise cov.ld bear tbe rattle of Oxford-street omnibuses and cabs on Oxford street pave ment, but iittlc more than a block awav ; but this narrow stie^t upon which sbe bad filtered out of SjIio Sq-iare was very quitt. The Louses were mostly darkened. F/rm oae bouse alone, ti.e lower floor of which was apparently occupied as a shop, streamed out a broad glare of light which was strangely alluring. Over tbe door was sus pended a sign, with tbe legend painted upon it in gilt: PXKKRK BoXGATKAIT, Frc»:h Co.'jl-i I toner. Bernice paused before the conb etioiif r's window and looked in. it was a bright, clear room, with a counter upon each side. Ijpon one count'-r was every variety of French btvad. Upon the *>thcr roiiisicr were simple cakes in variety, and cups and sauccis, showing that the little French shop was a resort for people ou6 oE Oxfoid 6tr«ct who desired a cup of real French cotl-e. " llow pleasant it is in there !" thought Bernice, looking vainly for tbe shopman or ; oilier tccupnni of the establishment. "I'd lilea cup of coffee. It is a French shop; ihe name is Pierre ISongati'au. Was not Fitinc's name Bongntcau! I think so. Her father was a pr.stlyeook, Jiving in Sobo Square, or just out of it. Wss that Soho Square buck vuinkr ; Perhaps this is Fifine's fai ber's shop." She continued to Icok into the room with Jon«ir<r eyes. - A won:an, with a basket on her arm, canje liuirvin^ past Hern ice, ami pushing open the door, cnu-red Itic shop. There was a bell attached ttfjhc door,and it ranKout sharp'y. i A woman cnfcje out of the Jit tie back parlor l'ch:ud the shop, aud proceeded to wait upon j the late customer. The. shopwonian wr.s French, as was ap. i parent ata g'ance. She vore a trimly-tilting bSj.ck gown. a jaunty I it: le wiiitc apron, tiimnscd wuh cheiry ribbons. and a coquet tish little white csp, v. it:: a cherry ribbon in i that aiso. The da:k sa-.lvv,- face underneath the cup, with bright. Ll-iek eyes and a viva cious tsprcfs'.on. struck Bernice as beiuf strar gely familiar. ; It was—yes, it was Filine, her former maid. Bernicc watched the French woman with a Wistful gaze. The customer came out picscntlv with a well-filled basket, and Fifine becan to cover the bread aud cakes with a liiia gauze, prepaiatory to closing the shop for the night. "She is in ."hut up,-' murmured Cer * And th;ii I shali };e doubly alone, i' itice loved me. S.'ie wr.s gcodhearted. I am very tired. I wonder if she would give rue shelter to-night, and rot betray me to anyone, I »:sh ) dared go in." j A noisy party of young men came out of ] Oif<iid st;<_< f. r<ppr>>;i(-}jin^ her. As they j drew 2:enr th<y espied her, and one of theis ' wish a drunken laugh, endeavored to peer! into tlie gii i's face. " L t's see y.i«r face, my beauty," he hie coughed. MY3i.it—shy? Hero, boys, is ! something new . A ghl actually shy, al-I though : he s in Tendon si reels alone at this j hour. Bib! she's acting. Til have tlie kiss, or we'll <_-<-> home niih von, my dear, or ' both. Now for it !" * ' j lie put out ids arm to eiasp her waist. • \» i'.b a stilled scream Bernice sprang away j liom him and ran into the pas.trv- • coo5. s t]inp. the bel! oh ibs door Tin~;i»<T ! ioudly. " " Filine tiinud towards the new conicr' and glanced a!so out of the door. She j coinprehendcd the causc oi the abrupt i:i- ! grcps, j «• Sit down, Mademoiselle," she Prdd, in f her soft Frcneh accent. "Tbe men will] soon begone. Ton a:e safe here." 1 Bern^ce's hair vuiled her face. She flunj; j it back with a sudden gesture, pushed baek ! her shabby, liajp little hat, and stood re vealed, pale, despairing, yet wondrousiv beaidiful. " F.tine," she >rJd, softly, you t!,ink ir:e derd. I am chaugtd, 1 kn^w : but don't you ! know me Tne vo:cs was rccsnisel soouc-r thr.n the lovely f;;ee. IMiue siapytr-.d baek wijb a great g jsp, :»nd then, believing that she looked up..11 a spectre, pave a piercing scream and fell to the /ioor in a srvi on. The coisy and lawless young men whose insults ha<; drivrii Beraice to seek refuse in t'ee !• rench coiu'.-cuoiier's shop, passed on when Jhf-y saw tl.eir j/iteii<5.r:d vieti?u enter the shop door. Xo one in the house wss aious-. <1 by the tcrenm of Fitiae. Bern ice devoted hersvlf with all haste to the re covery <•£ the Frs.neh'.von:an. Her efforts were soe-n rewarded by tl>c j pradnal return oi I'.Iine to consciousness. The Frenehwoiaai: pave a trreat gasp similar to that she had given when fair.ting ;md <ipened her eyeSj only to close thc-ni ajrnin tieh'.ly, and to repeat herscream with added vi»or and iierceness. Lady- Chetwynd stooped ever ihe recum bent tt-.rure, aud said, in a tone of gentie authority : Hush, Filine you will have the police here in a moment more. Compose yourself. Can ycu i;< t comprehend that I am Lady Oiletwynd ?" Fitine gathered tip her sprawling figure in'.o the shape of a bail, aud rocked herself to and fro frantically, crying out shrilly in the French lansunge : *' Oh, heaven 3 it's a ghost.' It's a «'arnin«»! I am not loner for this world I I'm to be cut off in my youthful prime. Oh, the jiood Lord have pity ! Mv gocd father! Mv poor ru'itier!" «S!;e shrank away jjiio the farther corner. Lady Gjctwynd followedh?r, espostidatinjr, enireatinyr, reasoniRfr. As the Frenchwoman grew some what calmer, IJernice laid her white, coi.l hand upon the hand of her former maid, saying : " Gra.p my bar.d, Fifine. There you see t am Ih'sh and blood. Don't tremble a'ud moan so. It is I, indeed, Filine. 1 did not die. as you ttiought." Fitine'is faith that her visitor was a ghost was staggered. The Frenchwoman's native sense began to assert itself. Her memory, too. was quickened, and she recollected various incidents tbat had transpired during the.past few'days that went far to proclaim the fact that Lady Chetwynd had escaped the grave and was slill living. " There, you see it is f, and not a ghost," said Lady Chetwynd. as Fifine's limp bo»'y began to stiffen, and Filine's eyes bi-pan to assume their normal proportions. " Haven't yon a kind word fdr me, Filine ? I am in soi^e nee<t-x>f a friend. 1 had no intention ofseekingyou. -I-came upon you by chance. Willi you'give me a night's shelter, and will you, keep niv secret. Fifine? I want no one, nqt even Lord Chetwynd, to kuow that Hive?" '* \V hat, docs not my lord know ?" ciied Fifine, amazed; "Ko. Promise me thai you will keep my secret, . that you will teil no one tbat Lady Chetwynd lives. Swear it, Fifine." ' " I promise—I swear it," said Fifine, in an awe struck voice.' " Cut, my lady, I cannot understand how it is that you live and tbat my lord does not know it." "I will explain. IJezuembcr that you are hound by an oatli to keep your secret. But first, are we alone?" and Lad3'Chet wynd glanced toward the door of the rear j parlor. " Yes, iny lady, we are alone in the house. The good father and mother went to the French theatre to-i*i«bt, and I am alone in charge. I am a lady's maid now as before, ray lady, but my m;srress is at the opera ibis evening, and I am privileged to remain here until eleven o'clock. You can speak freely, my lady—no one will bear us." There was a timorous look still oil the gill's face, which Lady Cfcetwynd marked. " I see, Fifine." sbe said, " that cren now you are not altogether persta ltd that 1 am ii'j spectre. Uoc-s it seeui so improbable that 1 .i'aould have been coffined and consigned to the buiial vault while I was in a state c«f . tra* c 1 It is strange and improbable, I know, but it is true, and mine is uot the only case cf burial during a trance re- j serobling death. Kut one person alone sus-1 pzeted that animation was only suspended, j not annihilated, within me, and that was Mr. Monk." «• My Faith ! And Mr. Monk rescued yon, j mv lady . In response to this exclamation, liermcc | told l'diiie her pitiful story, including Lord Ghetwvnd's intended marriage with !\v via Monk, and Gilbert Monks avowal of his love to her. She ended by saying : «-1 have iricd to ?ct a situation as gover ness. I have but three pence in my pockit to night, and I am shelterless.'' " Is 'jt shelterless while Fifine lives, my lady. I will keep your s:cret. No hypocritc nor mock sympathy fiorn ar.y one can drag it from me,exclaimed the Frenchwoman, volublv. <•' Ah ! mv lady, you were l;ind to me, and I do not forget it. 1 wish I might iive with you again, although I have a goou mistress now. You shali stny here, my room is unused here, and you shall have it. The "ood father find mother need not sus pcct who you urc, wy Indv. Let them thmk you Miss Gw-yn, a new Jogger, a lady I used to know. Shall it bo so V " If you please, Fifine. You coin tort mc-" • c t t" " And you need comfort, poor infant! said Fifine, and nirain rubbing her eyes in dustiiously. ' Was ever such sorrow, such romance, such despair I Ah ! my ladj-, the false husband shall not find you here. You are safe here. It may be that I can get you a situation as companion,my lady," sbe said with asiartand sudden Hush, *• And then i could serve you still, though secretly. My nrstrcss has sought a companion of ac cotnpHsIiincnis for a month pust. Sbe wnnls a young lady who can sing and play the pianoforte and read French—a dressed-up la-iv, whom she will treat as a lady ; for, with all her proud ways, my mistress is a ];<(3y to her heart's core. I'll recommend you to her as Miss G=*yn, my former mistress in reduced circumstances, and she has sucn faith in me that she will gladly engage you. I have been with her since the week after your ladyship died—that is, wns buried. " Oh, Fifine, if you could only get this place for me ! I feel so lost, so cast out into the groat world, so hopeless and forlorn. Who is your is mistress 1 ' •• Lady Diana North wick, madame. She's a beauty ami a belle, and cold as ice. I'll speak to Lady Diana this very night, and to-morrow, my lady. you shall be at your new home. Let me'eet you a cup of coffee, mv lady," said the Frenchwoman. " Ooine into the little back parlor.7' Fiiine conducted hei former mistress into the rear room, where wax candies were burning, and an air of cosiness prevailed. Burnico sank into au casy- cbair which Filine drew to the table, and the maid basiled about, preparing .a cup of strong French ct jY. e. She brought it, all black and stcami.-ig to Lidy Chctwynd, with a roll. Tt;e marchioness drank the fragrant beverage eagerly, 1 wonder," said Fifine, thoughtfully," if mv Jord dors not suspect tbat you Jive, my lady. Tiieic v. as a man here the oilier day, my'motii'-T telis sue. a gentleman, a swcjl, with an cyt-giass and canc, who asked for me. He came to Lady Diana's to sec^ me. And what did the miserable want/ Wh*,j only to ask what dress your ladyship was buried in. ami if it had a fine dam in the) lacs under the sleeve 1 Of course it had. j Did I not darn the rent tms:-lf, and was it | not wc.ll done ? He brought t he. dress to me. j and I identified it. Cut what did he mean ? There is a mystery here which has puzzled me much." " 1 fenow no s.ieh person as you dcsciibet Fifine, and I cannot think who lie can be, but [let"1, my dress at the Park the last time I was there, ar.d securely hidden, as I tuo'.iffht. i?o they have found it? Ah, be must havft been sent to you by old llaaec ! ' cried Beinice, paling suddenly. Filine, tiiat woman has twice tried to take my Lfc. I am afraid of her. She has found the dress and has employed some one to seek for me." "You must be right, my lady, for my mother tells mo that a strange hc.i5.bcii woman has been here twice, asking singular questions, and wgaliug to be taken in as loW.r. rihe was very anxious to know if mv"mother had a. lady lodging here, and she stayed jo iiie sii-p many hours .watching the door of this room as a cr,t watches a mouse. My mother thought her demented. I could not think who *hc might be ; but she is It-.igec i f'-el ready to swear." •'She will come again. She 5s cruel, re morseless, piiikss. She is li';e a human tigress Ihirsting for my blood. Filine. in Heaven's name, promise wc that you will kes>p my secret; thai. not even to L>vd Ohet wynd himself will you reveal the fact that 1 j live; promise?" | "1 swear to keep your secret, my lady, | until you yourself give uic leave to teil it! ' said Fitiue, s*)lciunly. '■ I will not betray you even to my own parents cr to my mis tress.1: '■ Then you must cease to call me ' nay 'ady,* Fifine. I am only Miss G'wyn—Miss Bernice Gwya you can call inc. I shall not have to relinquish my own name of Ber nice." Fifine approached and removed the empty cup. Than she took Lady Chr-t.wynd's hand and kissed it affectionately, mentally renis tering a Vow to be true to the promise sue had given, the solemn oath she had taken, and to befriend and protect her former young mistress to the best of her ability. A sound of the rattling of heavy wooden shu'ters was now heard. " It is my father,1' said Fdinc. "He is putting up the shutters. The father and mother have returned from the theatre, and I must go soon to my m's^ress. f will wait, to com mend your ladyship to the care of the good mother.1' The shop door was pushed open, the bell ringing violently. Fiiine's parents had re turned. Lady Cbetwynd rose up iaking <;£ her limp little hat. and awaited their ap pearance. Fifine ran and opened the dour leading into the shop, aud called out volubly : " Is it you, my father ? Hasten this way. 1 have a guest to consign to your care before 1 leave. Come 3" 