PATHETIC BTOBDEB. Is verses -of weird power, entitled 'The lights of Leith,' Robert ;£acbanan tells a pathetic tale' of; the ?witch-burning days. A. ship is nearing Leitfa- on the deck of which stands the \- nyite, who has been absent from home for 20 yeait. As he views the fires that burn on the quay he thinks eagerly of the welcome his old mother . will give hi to, iier only son — And I Iang and lang to see once mair The cot oy tbe eide o' tbe sea, And to find in y grey sold nutber there. Waiting and watching for me. He resolves to ask her forgiveness for his nnkindness, to pour the gold he has earned into her lap, and to 'dress her out like a lady grand.' But when he . lands he learns that his mother has ^been falsely accused of using witch craft, and condemned to death by fire. . He rushes madly toward the *' bale iires' that burn on the quay. He -recognises the form of his aged mother in the corpse that is bound to the stake. In his agony he staggers forward,- and falls dead among the 'burning embers. The story of Enoch Arden, as told by Tennyson, is very pathetic. Annie Lee is loved by Phillip Ray and Enoch .Arden. She loves and marries Enoch. 'Borne years afterwards lie goes on a long voyage, leaving behind his wife and children. Ten years pass, and no news of him is heard. Philip Ray, after long wooing, persuades Annie to tbe his wife. Enoch's vrssel had been wrecked on an uninhabited island. 'There he lived during those 10 weary years. At last a passing ship observed his signals and brought him home. He found his own house empty, and, dreading to hear of his wife's death, be went to a neighbouring tavern, and Teinained there spveral days. The landlady, not recognising him, told /him of his wife's second marriage, and how ' Enoch, poor- man, was cast away, end lost.' ' He, shaking his grey head patheti cally, repeated, muttering, ' cast away and lost;' again, in deeper inward whispers, ' lost !' ' He thought, ' If I might look on her sweet face again, and know that she is happy.' In the ? dull November twilight he went to ?Philip's house. Through the window he saw his wife and children and Philip seated by tlie fire, and ho . staggered and shook, and ' feared :to send abroad a shrill and terrible . cry.' Then he turned softly away, and, knee'ing on the earth, prayed, and resolved not to reveal his presence or destroy the .happiness of that new home. He returned to the inn, and . on the third night after There came so loud a callincof the sea Tbat all tlie hons»K in tbe haven rang. He woke, he rose, he spread his arms abroad, Crying, with a loud. voice, ' A sail ! a sail ) I'mssv'd !'and so fell back. and spoke no more. The sad fate of Helen of Kirkconnell, as related in an old ballad of the Border Minstrelsy, is very plaintive and affecting. Andrew Fleming loved Helen Irving, daughter of the Laird of Kirkconnell, in Dumfriesshire. The Jovers being together one evening by the river Kirtle, a rival suitor suddenly appeared on the opposite bank, and pointed his gun. Helen, threw herself before her sweetheart, received the bullet, and died in his arms. Then Andrew Fleming fought with his guilty rival and slew him, but he never ceased to bewail the sad fate of Helen :— I yifisb I were where Ell™ lies 1 Night and day on me she crips ; Oh, t'uat I »f-re where Helen lies, On fair Kirkconuell lea I' The story of ' Auld Robin Gray,' as told by Lady Lindsay in the well ??'known song, has profound pathos. ' Young Jamie' loved ' Jenny,' but, ? having only a crown in his possession, decided that it would not be advisable to marry at present, and, therefore, ' to make the crown a pound' he went to sea. When lie had been gone a year, Jenny's father broke his arm,' her mother fell sick, and the cow was stolen. ' Auld Robin Gray' aided them in their difficulties. News came that Jamie's ship was wrecked, and Robin Gray asked Jenny to marry, him. ? My faitlier urgit sair, my raitlier didna speak, Hut she loolcit in my face till my heart was like to break. So she gave her hand to Robin, though ' her heart was at tlie sea.' A month . after her marriage Jamie returned, and; greeted her at the door with, the; -words, ' I'm come back, love, to marry' thee.' Jenny told her sad tale ; they; ?wept bitterly, took one kiss, and parted for ever. Jenny's quiet despair is: very touching. Here is the last verse of the song : — I gang like a ghost, and I carena to spin, I darrna think ou .lamit, for that wad be a sin, But I'll do uiy brat a gukl wife to be ; For auld Uobin Gray is kind to me. There are few incidents in literature more pathetic than that which is re lated in Longfellow's ' Evangeliue.'' ?'When the people of Arcadia were cruelly exiled, Evangelme and her lover Gabriel were parted. Through1 many years they sought each other in ?vain. At last one night a raft, on. which Evangfliiie and her friends lay asleep, was moored betide an island in the Mississippi. A light, swift boat, \- urged by the sinewy arms of hunters and trappers, glided close under the lea of the island. Gabriel, restless and unhappy, sat at the helm :— ! Alas, they saw not the raft, where it lay con cealed in tbe willows, And undisturb'd by the dash of their oars, an6 unseen were the deepen ; Angel of God ! was there none to awaken the slumbering maiden ? . Swiftly they glided away, like the sbade of a clond on tbe prairie. So the maiden and her lover passed by unknown to each other, and continued their weary quest, ^ ' YVbal greater thing is there f»r twn -^inmon soula than 'to feel that they u| ' joined foi- life, in order tottreogtber^H] ,^tiierui4ll labour, to raton cs^^Hr ^^^kaurroir, to minister to f^^^^^B*1 ?li pflh, to be ota with si^^^Bii , silent, , tontpeatabV mem«riWHne moment of toe U»t parting here* on 