A Marriage of Vengeance. Last week I was afc the offices of a Dis charged Prisoners' Aid Society, when, among other applicants, was one whom I will call John Lock. He was still a young man, his age being not more than tkree and-thirty, and he had been convicted of the seriouB offence of attempting to poison his wife, and condemned to ten years' penal servitude. He was certificated as «< Well educated," and in prison he had earned all that was possible in the way of good-conduct money. Ile was willing to'undertake any kind of work by ivkich he might get an honest living, and he was told to call again on tho following Satur day. On that day I chanced to look in at the office again, and shortly afterward John Lock appeared. He was much altered, and looked as though ho had been much frightened. Recognising tho secretary at his desk, he hastily remarked, * I beg your pardon, sir. I can't tako a job in London. I wish, to be sent away, if you please.' ' To be sent where ?' 4 Anywhere,' answered John Lock desperately, 4 so that it is far enough, far away as the bit of money due to me will pay passage to. I don't want any other clothes, sir j these I have on will do. I only want to get away.' . To get away from whom ?' * From my wife, BÍT. She might have been dead for all that I knew to the contrary, but she came on me in the street sudden as a ghost not two hours since, and she has opened my eyes. I wouldn't have believed that a woman could have so much of the devil in her.' * The fact is,' remarked the secretary, « you have been looking for your wife and have found her, and you wish her to live with you again and she refuses.' 'Live with her again !' tho man exclaimed with horror. .' What ! after all she has revealed to me? Good Lord, no! I Bhall kill her if- I remain where she can put herself in my way. She is mad, I believe, though she does not look or speak like it. She wishes me to kill her. She swears that she will haunt and harass me until I do it, so that I shall end my life on the gallows. Arid so it will be. I feel sure and certain of it, if I am not able to put the wide sea between UB, so that we cannot come together again. For the good Lord's sake, gentlemen I' and he clasped his hands together and spoke as beseechingly as a man begging for his life, ' don't refuse me what I am asking.' Mr. Secretary remarked, ' You will have first to make out that yours ÍR a case for exceptional treat ment. To what do you attribute your wife's bitter resentfulness ?' ' I think she must be mad, gentlemen,' returned John Lock. 41 cannot account for it in any other way ; but if you will kindly have patience to listen to me you will be able to judge foi yourselves.' . I will be as brief as I can, but I must go back to the time when we were both single, and when she-my wife, I mean was sweethearting with a fellow- clerk of mine in the same office ; a young fellow named Taplow, and we were much of an age. Caroline Speed was my wife's maiden namcj and we were all three members of the-Me chanics' Institute, and that is how we made acquaintance. I was in love with Carry from the first time I saw her. I am not of a very bold disposition, and I kept my feelings to myself for a long time, and until I thought that I might speak ; and¡ when I did, she laughed in a disdainful sort of way, and said that she must refer me to Seth Taplow, my fellow-clerk. I never fi^r a moment dreamt that there was anything between them, but when I asked Taplow he informed me otherwise. They had been keeping company in a quiet way. he told me, for six months or more, and it was settled that they should gel married as soon as he had saved money to make a decent home for her. He was getting only £80 a year, and my salarv was £120, and feeling, perhaps, a little spiteful at what he told me I remarked, 44 1 hope you are in no hurry, Seth. How long do you think it will take you to save enough to buy a decent home, when at thc outside you can't put by more than ter shillings a week ?" 44 Well," said he, 44 ] have let you into one secret, Jack, and ] will tell you another. But you must pro mise to keep it dark, for it would be th« sack at a moment's notice if it came to th< governor's ears. I have been doing Í bit of betting on horse races, and I'v< been lucky at it. But you mustn't sup pose that I am such a fool as tt beHeve in it as a means of increasing one'f income. I have won a few pounds already and I mean to give them a chance to wii mo a little more at nil ovents. But ' nover no moro ' niter we aro married, I promise you that." Well, ' knowing me only as what I appear as on your boolee, you may not believe what I am going to say. I admit that I felt the disappoint ment cruellj", and none the ICM, you may depend, because it was one whom I might call my bosom friend who liad occasioned it. But I felt more on ace aunt of the second secret Seth had confided to me. I said nothing about it to him at the time, but that same night I wrote him a letter, begging and imploring him to abandon gambling, which would be nure, sooner or later, to end in his ruin. Nor did I think it my duty to keep the horse betting secret quite so close as I had pro mised to. I went frank and disinterested to Miss Speed, and told her about it. I showed her the letter Seth had sent me in reply to mino, and in which ho said it was too lato for me to preach for that week, anyhow, as he had put £3 on a horse for the St. Leger and hoped to win, £30 by it. I pointed out to her the risk she was running in marrying such a man. She always was quick-tempered. I was cowardly, mean, and tho rest of it, and she would toll Seth that I had *bc trayed him. That was too much for my patience, and I told her that tho informa tion I had given her was in friendliness and confidence, and that if she tried to make ill-blood between me and Seth, worse than she imagined might perhaps como of it. So she kept a still tongue. But worse came of it for all that. Seth's luck at betting took a bad turn, as he himself told me, and he lost more than ho had won, and he was strongly tempted to a crime I feel sure he would not otherwise have com mitted or even thought of. Three five pound notes, the property of the firm, were missing from my desk. It was of course a very serious thing for me, and I had to do all I could to clear myself from suspicion. I suspected no one, and least of all Seth ; but when I was closely questioned by the principal as to what I knew of the habits of my fellow-clerk, I was compelled to tell the truth, and mentioned what I knew about Taylor betting on horse races and his having lost money lately. He was ques tioned, and the result was that a police officer was called in, and on a search being made the stolen notes were discovered in Seth Taylor's cigar case, and ho was tried for the robbery, and sent to prison for eighteen months. I was very near getting discharged for not making the firm aware that Seth was engaged in gambling, but, fortunately, the letter in which I had begged him to break olí from the danger ous habit was found, and that, of course, was in my favor. Seth, of course, declared that he was innocent, and went so far as to declare that somebody who had a private spite against him had placed the notes where they were discovered, and Carry Speed, who volunteered as a witness, related in court what transpired at the private interview I had with her, and how I threatened that, if she made known to Seth what I had told her, " worse would happen to him." But the judge said that it was monstrous to endeavor to put a false complexion on a perfectly innocent remark made by an intimate friend of the prisoner, and one who, as shown by the letter already mentioned, had proved himself to be a good adviser. But it didn't matter much about Taylor's sentence being such a severe one. He fretted himself to death in prison, and only lived five months after his conviction. * I had not seen Carry Speed once during the whole of that five months. I had no animosity against her, but I did not care to meet her again after the base insinuation she made against me at the trial. But, to my surprise, shortly after Seth- Taylor's death she wrote to me. It was all over now, she said ; but her mind could get no j rest until she had begged my forgiveness j for what Bhe had done, since the longer she reflected on it the more she was convinced that she had misjudged me. There was a lot more in her letter to the same effect, and with which I need not trouble you. You will easily understand that I was very much surprised and pleased as well. I made it my business to see her and tell her so. Allmy oldlovofor her came back when we met, and she was no longer disdainful. I was beside myself almost with delight at the prospect of winning her after all. Of course I never dreamt of such a thing after what had happened, and least of all did I dream of the horrible trap that waa being laid for me. When, a few wcoks after our reconciliation, I asked her to be my wife, in tho quiet way that now seemed natural to her, she accepted ruy offer and wo were married. ' She was not tho fond and cheerful wife I expected to find her, but no woman could have been moro patient and obe dient, or more devoted to my interests. A long time before I had insured my lifo for throe hundred pounds. Nothing would satisfy my wife but that I should insure her life as well, and for twico as much as my policy stood for, and I made no objection. This was when we had been married not more than four months. A month after the insurance had been made her health was not so good as it had been previously. She would be ill for a day or two, and be well again for, perhaps, a week, and then she would relapse. We lived in apartments, and had no servant, and when she was ill I waited on her, and never made a trouble of it, for if ever a man loved a woman I loved her. She gradually grew to be more frequently unwell, and the doctor we called in seemed puzzled to make out what was the matter with her. A girl who was employed by our landlady came in at odd times and gave her her medicine, and prepared anything she fancied in the way of food. The landlady was paid extra for this, but she gave the servant-girl no moro than her ordinary wages, so that what the latter did was not done very willingly ; and one day my wife asked mo if I thought it possible that the girl could be wicked enough to tamper with her food, out of spite. She had had some broth that day, she said, and she thought it tasted strangely. I ridiculed the idea as a sick woman's fancy, but that same after noon I was fetched in a hurry from the office, tho messenger bringing me the startling news that my wife was very ill-near dying, in fact-and that the maid-servant had been.given into custody on suspicion of having poisoned her. When I reached home I found such to be the case. It appeared that during the morn ing the girl had prepared my wife some arrowroot from a packet I myself had bought the day previously, and she was immediately afterward-before she had emptied the cup, indeed-taken with such \iolent pains that the doctor was sent for, and to him my wife mentioned her suspicions of the servant. The doctor ex amined the remains of the arrowroot in the cup, and thereby discovered s uch ample proof of guilt that the girl was at once arrested. I felt so furious against her that I could have killed her. As I have already told you, I loved my wife sincerely, and would have suffered death almost to . have saved her from harm. Happily the prompt remedy that was adopted, averted the threatening danger, and that same evening she was able to see and reply to the ques tioning of the police inspector who visited us. The inspector wished to see the cupboard in which the food was kept, and moved several articles from the shelves himself,, and took possession of them. As I have told you we occupied only two rooms, and the cupboard was in the eating room. We were alone there, examining the things in the cup board, when he suddenly turned on me with the question, " Do you yourself ever keep poison in the house ?" I replied that I never did. " If I kept any," said I, " you may depend that I should keep it safely locked away," " To be sure you would, and you would keep the keys safe in your pocket. Are they there now ?" I at once produced my little bunch of private keys, and told him that they were never out of my own possession. He took them in his hand. " Don't be alarmed," said he j " but I have a particular wish to have a peep inside any drawer or box they will unlock. Have you any objection?" Who would not have had an objection ? I advanced to snatch my keys from, him and demand his authority for taking such a liberty. But he had come all prepared. Taking out his pocket-book, he showed me a search-warrant. I had'raised my voice angrily, and so, as I supposed, alarmed my -wife in the next room. She had hastily slipped on a dressing-gown, and came in to where wo were. She was as whito as paper, but calm enough. I was not. I was trembling with rage and in dignation. I explained to my wife what it was the police inspector wished to do. " Well, where is the harm ?" said she innocently. " There can be nothing, my dear, that you wish to conceal, or that you need be afraid of." I could say no more. -There were only three things' that were locked in the room the two drawers oí a writing table, and a desk that stood on a sideboard. Tho desk contained only a few private papers, in cluding tho two insurance policies, and it was weeks since I had opened it. That was tho first thing the inspector unlocked, my wife and myself looking on. In ono corner there was a small linen bag, half full, which I had never seen before, and in my wonderment I made some exclamation and put my hand toward it. But the inspector was too quick for me. Having secured it he put his finger and thumb into the bag and took out a pinch of the stuff it contained, and held it up to the light. " It is salt, isn't it ?" my wife remarked. " The . same kind of salt ma'am, that your arrow root wa3 seasoned with, if I am not mis taken," the inspector answered, as he care- . fully tied up the bag again-" this is arse-.. ,. nie." Hearing this my wife shrank from - me with a look of horror, and without a word went back to the bed-room, while I, . feeling stunned or like one in a dream, was . taken away to the police station. : , < I have already tried your patience, gen tlemen, with my long story, andi will not trouble you with the terrible details of what followed. I was committed for trial' for the attempted murder. It was shown; that with my small salary I had in sur od my wife's life for six hundred pounds, aui '?? the doctor was called to prove that within >\ a month the symptoms, which were consis tent with slow poisoning, began to ' appear. It was shown that tho packet of arrowroot in the cupboard and the beef-tea essence, which were intended for my wife's exclusive use, were already poisoned, and I could not deny my own declaration to the police, inspec tor that the keys of the desk where the little bag of arsenic was discovered were never out of my possession. You may be sure that the prosecution did not fail to point out how much my guilt was increased by the cunning attempt to put the crime on the innocent servant girl, and the end of it" 1 was that I was sentenced to ten years' penal servitude. * As I have already informed you, I never from the time of my conviction re- ' ceived any communication from my wife, which of course added much to the bitter ness of my cruel punishment, since it put it beyond doubt that she too believed me guilty, and scores of times I prayed that I might soon die in pri3on,like Seth Taplow. I never thought to see my wife, again, but on my way here this morning 1 met with her. I did not know her at first, she looked so old and altered. It was a joyful moment when I beheld her, and I put out both my hands, but she clasped hers behind her, and there Wita a relentless hatred in her eyes. " Good God?" I said, " can it be that you have qil along and still think mo guilty ?" There WOB no wasting of words "between us. " With no one to overhear us," she said, " listen to what I have come on purpose to tell you. I know of no guilt of yours but one- your murder of the man I loved. It was for that I married you, that I might be well revenged." And then she told me how she herself had planned the poisoning for which I had been tried .and convicted. It was she who procured the arsenic, and with a false key placed it in the desk where it was found ; she who had mixed the poison with the food. To carry out her fiendish design she had taken small doses of. the deadly stuff, and finally a larger though not a fatal dose, so as to make it abundantly clear that it was my villainous intention to murder her so as to obtain the insurance money. "And still with no one to overhear us/' said Bhe, " let me tell you that it was not that you might be sentenced for a paltry ten years that I ran the deadly risk. I hoped you would have been sent away for twice as long-for your life, perhaps. But I have not done with you yet, John Lock. To be rid of me you will have to kill me. I will goad you to it, and die happy, knowing that you will end your Hfe on the gallows." I have nothing to add to John Lock's strange story, and the reader is as well able as myself to judge if there was any truth in it, or whether it was a romantic fabrication on tho cx-convict's part to ex cite sympathy. Inquiry, I believe, was made for his wife, but she had been lost sight of for years, and was nowhere to he found; while as for John himself,at his most earnest request, and to the last per sisting in the statement he had moxie, he was shipped to America. "~ ~~ " *\ 