THE FIRST METHODIST PARSON FREEMASON IN SOUTH AUSTRALIA. TO THE EDITOR. Sir—It would be unworthy of the occasion not to notice the advent of a Methodist parson to the seat of office among the Freemasons of South Australia. That Freemasonry should flourish in this land of a parvenu oligarchy is perfectly natural. Freemasonry is a bond availed of by the few ; it has no affinities with the multitude. To my certain knowledge when men of small meand have entered its ranks and become acquainted with its mysteries, they have found themselves like 'a fish out of water,' and have quietly withdrawn. As in other closely-bound oligarchies its members find it saves them trouble to confine their sympathies to those oE their own confraternity instead of extending them to the greater brotherhood of the whole human family by whom they are surrounded. That Masonry was useful by its system of universal correspondence and recognition among its members in all countries in ages gone by does not admit of doubt; but the aspirations of the present time should not be hedged in by the bounds of any order, mystic or otherwise. That Masonry should be tolerant of others is a simple necessity, seeing that itself seeks to be tolerated. The paganism of ancient Rome was tolerant of all religious sects—its intolerance appeared only when the -teaching of Christianity refused to tolerate in turn the myths of the heathen Pantheon, and inveighed against the oppression of the poor that the customs of their ' society' indulged in. But to change the standpoint, is not any claim essentially intolerant when it confines to members of its own body obligations and attentions which, from the nature of things, should be extended to all. Thus much for Masonry. It was brought before me when about the age of 25 that I should become a Mason. Then, as now, I preferred to owe no allegiance but to the larger brotherhood of humanity. As for Methodism, born within the circle of its associations, I have nevertheless received great kindnesses from persons of many denominations of creed, but I preferred Methodism because it was cosmopolitan in its treatment of every grade of the great human family. Methodism as it has progressed has had so great a tendency towards conservatism selfism, and to the neglect of the great body of the poor, while it paid great attention to the well-to-do, that it had in this respect practically approached Freemasonry. To counteract this tendency so contrary to its first principles, Methodism has had to adopt what is called its ' forward movement,' initiated expressly to more effectually include all classes within the scope of its action, But even yet Methodism has overlooked the Pauline teaching of the close connection between ' eating and drinking' and ' righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Ghost,' showing that eating and drinking must precede the peace and joy. Now, as I understand it, this doctrine that the contentment to be induced by food and raiment to those persons destitute of of these natural conditions of human life, before that the gospel of peace and joy is preached, is not enforced in a national point of view, by either Freemason or or Methodist preachers as a rule. There is therefore nothing that 1 can see inconsistent in other Methodist preachers becoming Freemasons. After looking for a long time to see how the gospel of peace and joy— eating and drinking being precedent—was to be preached to the poor : a little speck arose far away upon the horizon under the name of the ' Salvation Army,' and these people now o'ershadow the world, and they are among us. They now offer to take the eating and drinking off the lands of so-called Christian governments that peace and joy may take possession of hearts, astonished to discover that fair dealing in the administration of the Holy Ghost is made known by the preaching of the Gospel to the poor. But what of governments calling themselves ' humanitarian, say nothing of Christian, that are willing to shunt their political duty of providing for their own subjects off upon the Salvation Army, or upon a few ladies whose sympathies for those unable to get work that they may eat, spend their time and their money in doing the work that is in fact the duty of the State to accomplish. I read in an English financial paper published in May last, that' wherever the owning peasant passes, the barren hill is wooded, the stony slope and the marsh become the seat of homesteads, fields, and gardens, and on the bleak sea-coast trade springs up almost entirely by his hands.' Unfortunately the oligarchy of South Australia even when re-enforced by Freemasons, including Methodists, Methodist parsons, and their SOUB, has not yet brought about the righteousness to the poor desiderated in the administration of the Holy Ghost. Shall the results be gained by a political tornado, or by the genial forces of moral suasion? Reason and revelation accord that' To him that knoweth to do good and doeth it not, to him it is sin,' a doctrine as true in politics as in religion, for no reasonable casuist ever tries to dissever the two ; and I assume that there are among Freemasons many such, then let them act up to their convictions. I am, etc., G.1W. COTTON. 