WHOSE WAS THE HAND? "liv MlSt> )ir.l!»L'OS. AuihcroI"l-iily .luillov'sSbu.-et," "Phautom Firtum;,' J>sa«i Msn's Shoos," "Cut by the Our.ny' "Token at the Flood," WKV.IS acd Weft,'' " One Thing fcetdiul," " Mohawks," &e; , &o.; CHAPTER XXI. * " KKCCGH THAT I CAN LIVE." As Cls/a Arden anticipated; dinner was late that evening at River La'wn. IS was • nearly half-past 8 when Mr. and Mrs. Ardeu end Daisy met in the drawing- room, and the teller had been hovering in the hall fcr nearly half an hour waiting- to announce dinner. " You are looking ao pale and eo tired. Ambrose," Mrs. Arden said, aa they aea'ed themselves in the light of the large ehaded lamp, supplemented with dusters of wax candlcs—a light in whioh she conld see the colour and expression of hia face better than in the softer lamplight of the drawing-room. "I don't think that I am any more tired than nanal," he answered. "Yon know what your fashionable physician said of me. Yon mast cot expect me to look particularly robust." "He aaid that yon were not to devote yourself -to intelleotnal work, Ambrose, and yon have been doing nothing else since he saw yoa." "Old habits are not ao easily pat off as doctors pretend to think. They tell the drunkard he most leave off brandy, and they tcjfjhe scholar he most live without books, wnfijust the same admirable complacency aa if they were asking very little." " I'm afraid we ought to leave Berkshire," pnrsned his wife, looking at him anxiously. " I am sure that yon will be better away from your books," "I ehall be ready to leave my books when my book is finished. I am nearing the end. When that is done I will go where you like." " It la not where I like, bnt where you like," Bhesaid sadly. "Iam happier here than anywhere eke." " Then let UB Btay here—till the end of onr lives. Yon know what Horaoe says, Daisy." " No, no, I am not selfish enough to keep yon here, when I see that you are dispirited and oat of health. We will go back to London, we will go to Italy, anywhere." There was a silence after this, Daisy being more thoughtful than nsnal, and not offering any diversion by the girlish prattle with which she usually brightened the meal, whether her heart was light or heavy. No ' wcrd had yet been spoken about Cyril's absence. The Iratler bad quietly removed the cover laid for him, and the chairin which he was to have sat '; nut nobody mentioned his name till nearly the end of the meal, when Clara said rather nervously— " Cyril is dining out, I suppose ?" " He ]i£a gone to London," Ambrose Arden answered quietly, " He is not coming back to-night," j Clara looked at him wonderingly aa ho answered. Had Cyril told hiB father that hia engagement was at an.end? She oould hardly believe that her husband wonld have taken the blow so quietly. It was left for "her, Bhe thought, to tell him of his diaap- . pcintment, . . . Daisy slipped away to her own den as soon aa she was free to leave the dining-room, and Mrs. Arden entered the drawing-room alone, and sat there anxiously waiting for her husband to rejoin her. It was very seldom that he lingered in the dining-room after his wife left him, but this evening he was sitting in an abstracted mood Bt his end of the table, and did not stir when mother and daughter rose and went away. It -was perhaps the first time that he had ever allowed his wife to "•open that door for herself whan he was in ' the room. Absent-minded ana dreamy by temperament' lie had yet rarely failed in courtesylo the woman who wa'B to him this world's one woman,. .. He sat with his head bent oveiLthe empty desert-plate and the untouohed glass of claret which the butlerhad filled unbidden. He sat brooding in the lamplight for nearly half an honr ;^md then,' with a deep-drawn sigh, he rose slowly, and went to the drawing room, where hia wife was sitting by an open window looking ont at the moonlit water, very sad of heart. ~ He went over to her and seated himself by her side. "Cyrilis gone from us for good, Clara," he B&id.; " I suppose you know that." " I know that all is over between him and Daisy; but I thought you did. not know. I feared yon would not be able to take the blow BO quietly, knowing how pleased you were at their engagement." "Iwas pleased because it was a link that drew me nearer to you. It was of our union I thought, not theirs. Nothing can touch me, Clan, while I have you." " Did he tell you why he and Daisy had made np their minds to part." " Yes.he told me his reasons." " And hers. You will blame my daughter for fickleness, I fear, Ambrose." " Blame her, blame Daisy! Your daughter —and 'jay ipupiL Why, she was the bond between us years ago, when I was but the stranger within your gateB. My love for your daughter ia second only to my love for you." His wife took up his hand and kissed it in a rapture of eratefnl affection. "How good yon are to UB, Ambrose," she •aid softly. "flush words never fall from your lips. If I conld only see you happy, my heart would be full of content." "I am happv, Clara, happy in having won my heart's desire. What can a man have in this world more than that—the one deaire of his life, the boon for. which he has waited and longed through yeare of patienoe and silent hops. If there is happineBB upon earth I have attained it." " I believe your metaphysicians teach you that there is no such thing as happiness." " Ob, they only preach the gospel of doubt, The whole soienoe of metaphydoa consists in the questioning spirit, which analyses everything, withoutvriving at any definite conclusion about anything." "Poor Cyril," sighed Clara, after a pause of contemplative silence, whioh seemed in harmony with the stillness of the summer night and the beauty of the moonlit land' scape, garden and river, meadow and woodland. atad dark church tower. "Poor Cyril, It seems so sad for him to leave us, to go out into the world as a wanderer; ana yet, of course, it would be impossible for our old life to go on, now that he has broken with Datoy," "No, the old life -would not be possible. It belongs to the mrt already. Did he tell Daisy where he was going ?" " To Australia he laid. He consulted with you ssto bis destination, no doubt." "No; he told mehe should go away; but he not enter upon his plans." " Poor fellow. He was very nnhappy, I fear." "He did not oonfide his sorrows to me. He bad made op his mind; and it was not for me to try and change his resolution." His whole manner altered as he spoke of his son. There was a hardness in his tone that surprised and grieved his wife, who a minnte before had done him homage as the most admirable of men. Hia manner in •peaking of her daughter had expressed the utmost tenderness. The tone in whioh he "ke of his own son was cold and stern r est to vindictiveness. Clara feared there had been'a quarrel between father and son, And that Ambroso Arden .had-resented tae cancel ment of Daisy's engagement with an unjust wrath, "YonmuBtnotbe.angry witk Cyril,"she said softlyr *' I fear that it is Daisy's 6ckfe- -sessr thatia ^ the {beginning and end of our ditappointmentrfihe owned as much to me, ; poor child. She gave ner promise too lightly, and repented almost as soon aB it was given, although -she had* not the courage to confess ber mistake." i *' Welir^re will say it is Daisy's fault, or that both are fickle. There are no hearts broken, I believe, Cyril goes out into the world a stranger to us henceforward." " Not a stranger, Ambrose. Your aon will always be dear to us both." " He will be in Australia, where onr love or our indifference cannot touch him." There was a bitterneia In his tone whioh warned Clara to pursue the subject no further. She could not doubt after this that there had been a breach between father and son—that these two who had been so fond of each other and so proud of each other hitherto hadurted ill friends. And it was all DaiBy's Sing, poor little featherheaded Daisy, who should have been a bond of anion, but had "become the oocaaion of dis onion;' Clara Arden felt weighed down by the sense of inexpressible sadness as she sat looking out into the moonlit garden—that garden whioh she and her first lover had found a wilderness, and whioh he had made into a paradise for her sake. It was her girlish admiration of that old garden by the river whioh bad made Robert Hatrell eager to poaaeaa the place. He had laid it at her feet aa if it were a bunch of roBea t never counting the oost of anything whioh pleased her. Had It been ten times as costly a place he would have bought it for her. His image waa with her to-night more vividly than it had been for a long time. Jt was as if he himself were at hand in all the warmth and energy of life, and that she had bnt to stretch ont her arms to beckon him to her. And, oh, with what a heart-sickness of longing and regret she turned towards that idolized image ! Face t» faoe with the inexplicable gloom of Anl^oee Arder's temper, she recalled her first Ai-tbacd'e happy nature, his joyous outlook, and keen delight in life. With him her days | had seemed one perpetual holiday. Ii she ever complained iL had been because that energctic temperament took life and its enjoyments at a faster pace than suited her own reposeful temper. Bat how bright, how gay those days bad been—how frank and open her eompBnian's fsea—how expsccive his speech and tnacner ! Hs had never hidden a care from her. Were his thoughts light or heavy she ehared them and hnt sv every desire of his hsiit. But In this man. this cherished friend of masv yeare, ehs had diecoversd mystsrisc. He had griefs which ha would not shire with fcer. He was angry with hia ouiy «osi; they had parted within a few honr«, pjrhips for all this life : and he would tell her not'niug of the cauee of their parting, he invited so sympathy. He sat by her side in melancholy silence, and she felt ths burden of unhappincss which she was not alio wee to share. " If he wonld only talk of his trouble, if he wonld only let me comfort him, I should be twice as good a wife," she thought despondently. " It is not my fault if our liveB are growing further apart." After this night an emotionless monotctjy marked Clara Arden's days in the hoiue wh^re her early married life, had been HO fall of happiness, and where her one great sorrow the sorrow of a lifetime, had come upon her. The idea of going on the Continent for the autumn was not carried ont. The scholar's book absorbed him wholly in the waning of the year, and he preferred the quiet of River Lawn to all the glory of the Italian Lakes, or all the art of Florence. He spent a good many hours of every day ia his old cottage study, while his wife and her daughter lived very much as they had lived in Mrs. Hatrell'a widowhood. Your second marriage and my engagement to Cyril seem almost a dream, mother, when yon and I are sitting here alone together, and Uncle Ambrose is poring over his books on the other side of the roid," said Daisy as Bhe sat at her_ mother's feet in the morning-room, pretending to read Lecky's " England Under the Georges," bat looking ap every now and then to talk. "I call him quite a porfect husband in his way—never interfering with our plans, never grumbling at his dinner, always courteous and kind, and ready to do what we iike." " YeB, he iB all goodness to UB," answered her mother, " end one would have nothing left to wish for if he were only uappy." 1 daresay he is happy—in his way, mother—his calm, philosophical way, which used to soothe and tame ms in my rebellious fits when I was a child. He was always the same, don't you know. Tranquil and rather mysterious—like deep still water—like Lake Leman, whose depth one would never suspect if one did not see the mountains upside down in the water, and get reminded by those delusive shadows of the real depth below. Rely upon it, Uncle Ambrose has all he carea for in this world, having you and his books, and you give yonrcelf groundless trouble when you are anxious about him." Her mother sighed, but did not answer. She had watched her hueband's face with a new anxiety ever 'since;Cyril's departure; and Bhe had eeen the lines deepen, and the melancholy droop of the firm lips grow more marked. No one at River Lawn knew anything about. Cyril'B whereabouts, unless it was his father. He had left Lamford within a few hours of his Interview with Daisy, taking with him only a single portmanteau, as Beatrice Reardon .informed her friend, this young lady having a habit of meeting every fly that ever entered or departed from the village. "It's no use telling me you haven't quarrelled," protested Beatrice, when Daisy denied any ill-feeling between Cyril and herself. '"I saw the poor dear fellow's white face as he drove by, acknowledging my bow in the most distracted manner, and I never 'saw Buch a change in any titan. A few hours before he had been the gayest of us all on the tennis lawn, and now ha looked - jxnitively like hie own ghost. You must have tiad a dreadful row, Daisy." - " We had no row, as you call it. We only agreed that it was better-for us to part." Poor Cyril! I had no idea he was BO desperately in love with you. He used to take things so very easily," remarked Beatrice, with all the freedom of friendship. " Of course, I always suspected you of not caring a straw for him. V ou are not the least like an engaged girL You didn't spoon him a little bit." Daisy shuddered. She waa one of the few girls who are revolted by such forms of Epeech as prevail in some girlish circles. Miss Reardon affected a fast and slangy manner as a kind of perpetual protest against the dulness and monotony of her life in a Berkshire village. She wanted everybody to understand that there was nothip^ rustic or pastoral about her mind or her manners. This was all that D&isy; or her mother heard about Cyril's departure. He had gone to his chambers moat likely, wheie he could prepare at hiB leisure for that long voyage of which he had talked. The greater part of his possessions, his books and guns, and sporting tackle cf all kinds were in Albany. He had his own man to pack for him, and Accompany him to a new world, if he wag so minded, CHAPTER XXII. DAISY'S DIARY. How peacefully tht CUJB have slipped by since poor Cyril went a way. 1 find myself thinking of him and writing of him as " Poor Cyril," which ia really an impertinence, aa I daresay by this time he iB perfectly happy, and has fallen in love with some magnificent Australian girl, a higher order of being, like the Gy in ths Coming Race, a powerfullybuilt creature who can ride buck- jumpers, and camp out in the bush, without fear of consequences. I fear I have very narrow and insular ideas about Australia, which lean only picture to myEelf as one vast juoglo, interspersed with convict settlements" Cyril is happy no doubt by this time, au$sai as he looked on that day of Budden parfhig, ao 1 may allow myEelf to .feci happy, with an easy conscience. I should be perfectly happy if it were not for the change in Uncle Ambrose, who has evidently some secret grief, some corroding care which he will not lighten by sharing it with hia wife. I can bnt fear that mother was right in her foreboding, and that he has taken the canoelment of Cyril's engagement Borely to heart. It ia his love for mother which is wounded. He wanted a perfect union, that we should be one household, bound by every tie that can make a family oircle indivisible, It must be very hard for him, too, to know that his con, his only child, has been self-banished from his home and his native oonntry, If my fickleness alone had been to blame— if Cyril had found ont my foolish seoret, and that the man who was nothing to me was a great deal tcartr my heart than my plighted husband—if he had broken with me on this account— my conscience would hardly have been as easy as it is. But I have at least the oomfort of knowing that Cyril had some weighty reason upon his own side for parting from me—and that, therefore, I am not actually to blame for the existing state of things. It was he who took the initiative. It waa he who said,'' All is over between UB." I have left off puzzling myself with idle speculations about hia motive. Whatever hu reason may have been I feel assured that it was very serious and entirely oonvinoiug to his own mind—that he obeyed what to him was a si-era necessity. I can bnt be grateful to Providence that has released me from a bond that.coali not hare brc ight real-happineBB to cither Cyril or me, and looking back now at the past I feel how cowardly I waa in not daring'all aad telling him the truth about mjrown'fealings. He was no coward. : When the hour came in which he felt he ought to break with me, there was no hcsita : tion or wavering on h:a aide; and yet I believe he loved me better in that parting hour than he had ever loved me id his life before. Poor Cyril—old friend and playfellow—I hope the young Australian will be kind and true, and that his life in that far world may be full of all good things; gold in mr.nrter nuggets, sheep ia mighty flocks, horsislhat ere not imck- jaspsrs, woods of eucalyptus. urovea of mimosa, birds of vivid pK'Ungt), ana the most perfect thidg in fccrf.il- «» ' I am r- !? i-pry gadabout Uacle Ambrose. I think he fights against the gloom that gathers round mm at a strong man Btrioken in the prime of life by some insidious malady might fight against disease; and yet the gloom deepens. With him ion spirits seem actually a disease; and I tremble and turn cold sometimes at the thought that it may forbooe some mental malady whioh may daiken all our days. My mother seldom, if ever. Bees him as I see him when Bhe is not present. When she IB with him I know that he makes a stupendous effort to appear cheerful, to Beem interested in the things iBhe loveB; but when she leaves him the mask drops, .and I see him aB he really ia—a man weighed down by deep-rooted melancholy. I have talked to him of the books I used to read with him, the low-spirited school of metaphysicians, and of Heline, who saw all things with the saddened eyes of a man whose life waa, like Pope's, "a long disease." We have talked of theology, and I have discovered the hopelessness of his creed—that far him there is nothing bayond this life of cuts—tnis poor, brief life—in which thare arc so many chances of being miserable scaicst a single chance of being happv. No; for him there is no beyond—for him th« dead are verily dead. I told him yesterday that I believe not only in a world where we thou Id mest cur loved and lost, and know them again, and livfi wish them again in a better ond loftier state of being; bnt that I a!so beliove iD the influence of our beloved dead upon our thoughts and actions even while wo nro ba this side of ths veil that parts flesh and spirit. " That influence is only memory," be aali; "it has no other source than your uuna moved by your own loving heart." _ I told him that it was samethioi ui?r» than memory — Bomethicg iudepsadsci cS my own mind or my o>vn heart—an iutljence that flashed upon me when !o»*t 1 fxpectea it—sudden, mysterious, fu!l of sngc^stiona of another world. I told him ili'.t there were moments in which I could feel that my father was with me—that HU WAS loving aad pitying me ia mv weakness ae a wociau just as he used to pity me when 1 was a foolish child. " A deletion, Daisy," he eaid, a dotation like the reet of our dreams. Science has made ;in end of all euch deceptions. The belief in a Epirit-world was only possible while mankind remained densely ignorant of the world cf /renee." "I know cow why you grow sadder as life goes on," I said. " It must be eo hard to feel that you are treading a path that only leads to & dead walL That there is no door ia the great, cruel wall; no beyond. Thank Gjd. to me it is harder to believe in extinction than in a world to come—a chain of worlds, if you will—a gradual ascent from this life with all its Bin and misery, to the highest form of life conoeivable. The moBt elaborate of those systems whioh you call supeiatititma seems simpler and easier for my understand ing than the barren creed of the materialist.'-' ' That is beaause you are young, Daisy, and full of enthnsiasm, and because you know very little of the world in which you are ozte happy atom—a joyous mote dancing in the sunshine. You think life is the_ gift of a beneficent Creator, who holds in reserve future lives, fairer than this, for those who believe in him and obey Him. That pretty creed comes naturally enough to yon who know life only at River Lawn and in Grosvernor- equare—but go and look at life ia Whitechapel, put yourself into the skin or the woman you will see there, and ask yourself about the beneficent Creator, the Eternal Wisdom. Who bas made man in His own image. Your rose-water theories would hardly be strong enough to stand that atmosphere. A Bradlaugh's vitriol better suits the district." I told him that it was an old, old argument that because there was BO much misery in the world Be who made it oould not be a just God : cr rather that there oould be no directing mind above the universe, only unreasoning matter working out its own destiny upon material and immutable laws— that the God who could be moved to pity was the God of children and visionaries osly. " You talk to me as if there had been no misery in my life,'' I said. "Do you forget that it wan to me, in my happy childhood, to eee the father I loved go out of this house one morning, and sever to see him again ? Do you forget what it tw&s; to me a year ago to hear the dreadful secret of his death. If von could rebel against the Power ts which I have prayed ever since I knew what prayer meant, I should have rebelled then." I conld not go on for tbo sobs that choked me at tho thought of my father's crnei deith- Uncle Ambrose melted in a moment, and tcok mo in his arms, just as he would have done years ago in one of my childish troubles, and pressed hie lips upon my forehead with a kiEB that Eeemed like a blessing. "Believe, my dearest." he said, "keep always that unquestioning faith which is the gift of the pure in spirit. It is a second sight, Daisy. It IB a sixth sense. It ia given to the chosen fow. God's very elect. To them it ia given to conoeive and understand the unseen. They are the children of light. Be always of that happy race, Daisy. My reason has nothing to offer in exchange for your clairvoyance. R«member always that if I could not help you to believe- if I could not enter with you into the ho T y of holies—I never taught you to doubt," " No, no. I have only known lately that you yourself were without the hops that has sustained mother and me in our dark hourB." He told me that I muat not talk of dark hours—thit for me life was to be all sunshine ; and then, for the first time, he spoke of his disappointment about Cyril and me— touching on the subject very lightly, and, indeed, net mentioning his son's name. " A little hint of your mother's has helped me to guess your secret, Daisy," he Baid, " and I love you too well to blame your inconstancy. Your mother and I both think that Mr. Florestan had something to do with the change in your sentiments." " Something to do with my finding out the truth about my own heart," I Eaid, " and the nature of my mistake. 1 did not love Cyril leeB after I had Been Mr. Floret,tan, and found out somehow that he cared for me. But 1 knew all at cnce that my love for Cyril had never been the kind of love that would make me his happy wife. I found out that be could never be more to me than a dear and valued friend—never EO much to me you have been. He could ntve-r be the first; and one's husband cught to bs the first, in one's heart and micd, O'.'pH; hs net, Unsle Ambroee, as mother s bu-bjL^ waa?" I felt so sorry for m? thoughtless woide when I saw him wince at the mention of my father's name. It was such a heartless thing to say—as if he were something less than a hubb&cd;, aB if he hardly counted in tny mother's lite. I hung my head, deeply ashamed of myself, bat feeling tbat any attempt to unsay what I had said would only make matters worse. And then again words CBnnot alter the truth. He knows that my mother has never loved him as she loved her cherished dead; that the very mention of my father's name can move a deeper feeling in her than all my step-father's adoring tendercese. Theie was an awkward Bilence, and then Uncle Ambrose went on gravely and quietly, with infinite kindneEB, ' I want my pupil find adopted daughter tc be happy, even if she cannot be bound any nearer to me by a new tie. Don't be afraid to trust me, Daisy. Remember I was your first friend—after your father and mother, and that you used to tell me all your thoughts and fancies. Try to bs as frank to-day as you were in those happy hours when your doll used to sit in your lap and share your history lesson. 7ou have some reason to believe that Mr. Florestan cares for you ?" "He told me so one day," I faltered. "I was alone in the summer house ia the shrubbery, alone with my books.intendingtospend a atudiouB morning, Mr. FloreBtan found me there, and sat down and began to talk to me ; and before I knew what was coming he told me that he was very fond of me, and that he was sure 1 did not care quiteBO much aa I ought to care for Cyril; and he asked me to cancel my engagement and marry him. I was veiy angry with him, and I told him that he had no right to form any such opinion about my sentiments, and that nothing would induce me to break my promise to Cyril." "Yet yon did break your promise very soon afterwards. How did you come to change your mind ao speedily!" This was a searching question, and I felt that I was on dangerous ground. Cyril told me to let people suppose that I bad broken our engagement; ana to tell the truth would be to touch upon his secret, which he may have wished to keep from hia father's knowledge. "Oh, the canceLnent of our engagement arobe on the spur of the moment," I replied carelessly. "Cyril and I were of one opinion." "That is enough, child," Uncle AmbroBe answered kindly; " if FloreBtan is the ohosen man, I tbink he ought to be informed of what has happened, and that the Ialy he loves is free." " Oh, eo, no, no, no," I cried, in a great fright, ''He mustn't be told anything. Why, that "would be like putting me up to auction. If he really cares for me his love will keep." If he tushes off to propose to scniebcdy elao—as I have heard of young men doing—that will only prove that his love wasn't worth having. Let him wait, and find out for himself that I am not going to marry Cyril." " What an arrogant young person you are ; but I suppose you must have your own way," eaid Uncle Ambrose; " only remember, Daisy, that I want to see you happily married to the man of your choioe before I die. I WBnt to be sure tha5 I have dons all for your happiness that yourown father could have done had he lived to blesB you on your wedding day." The deep grave tones of his voice, the solemn expression of his eyes as he turned them upon me, made my heart thrill with love and reverence. Yes, he is a good man, a man in whose character I have never discovered fault or flaw. " You are not going to leave na for many a year to come," I said. " Indeed, indeed, there is no reason that my marriage should be hurried on." " Yes, Daisy, there iB need. I want to see you happy, I want when I lie down on my bed for the laBt time and turn my face to the wall, to be able to say to myself, • At least my little friend, Daisy, Is happy; I have been her friend from the honr ane learnt to read at my knees until the hour I gave her to the huBband of her choice. No father upon thiB earth could havo been more careful of his daughter's happineBB than I have been of hers.' Perhaps in the last hours, when mind and senses grow dim, I may forget that my little pupil ever grew up to womanhood, I may think of you as a child still, flitting about the garden with streaming hair, I may not recognise the real Daisy when ehe looked at me with pitying eyes," These sad forebodings made me cry; and I kifseii Uncle Ambrose and tried to comfort him, and felt as fond of him as I used to be when I was a child. I was glad that the c)a feeling cimo back ; for of late, though I know always thit he iB my best friend, after my mother, we stem to have been growing farther apart; acd I have had a cniioua sense of apprehension when I have been in his company, as if ther6 were some evil influence for ma lurking under the gloomy cloud which hsi darkened his life. Tc day I felt only a great pity acd a great love, the old c*c!idesce and tffectioa which aseil to fill my heart when I ran across tne lawn of a morn ing to me6t him as he came in 4t tho gite. 1 pitied him, because I began to fear that th? shadow that rests upon him is tho thadow of a closing life, and that it is aome deeprooted malady which makes him so joyless among our happy surroundings. I fear that hie own forebodings may be too surely realized, end that he will never see tho qiiet lcDg-tpuQ out days cf a good old age. XhiB thought made ms very melaecholy; yet it was p. very great relief to find that ha did not, disappro\e of Mr. Florestan aa a lover for me. Whc knows ? Mr. Florestan may be as fickle as the inconstant moon ; and all th»: impuleiva nonBenee of his in the arbour miy be utterly forgotten on his part, though I remember every syllable. I wonder what he is doing in Scotland. I thick he ought to have tfaot every thing ehootable by this time. 