FORKE PENINSULA COUNCIL. DISTRICT MONDAY, FEBRUARY 3, 1890. Present—G. J. W. Freeman (chairman), all the Crs. the Clerk, and the Superintendaut of Works. Minutes read and confirmed. QUESTIONS. Cr Jllman—Has it been decided to allow contractors for metal spreading the use of the Council's wheelbarrows.—No. Cr Hastings—Can this Council refund any fines received from the Local Court under the Bush Fire's Act—No. Cr Tossel—Have report* of Council's meetings been sent to weekly newspapers.— Yes. Cr Tossel—Has th«i rolling been struck out of the specifications for contracts—Tes. Cr Shannon—Have jetty truck wheels arrived yet.—No. . ^ Cr Hastings—Do the stone on the Fort Victoria road belong to the Council.—To be referred to the stationman. REPORTS. Ihe Chairman reported that the roal applied to be leased by B. J. Brown had not been fenced, also that the Board of Health by-laws required looking into as he thought that the notice as provided in clause 41 of the Health Act had not been complied with. The councillors for Wauraltee Ward reported on road in their ward, and also that they had got ref airs done for 5s. oa mam road. The Maitland councillors reported that plan of cemetery had not yet been found. The Overseer of Works reported that all contracts had Deen completed since last meeting, and that the stationman was employed in repairs on Ardrossan road. The Clerk reported receipts as follows— Bates. £14 7s. l>d.; arrears, £7 2s. Id.; jetty tolls, £5 8s. 9d. ; licences, £1 Is. 3d. CORRESPONDENCE. From G Stonehouse. Clerk Dilrymple District Council, re tariff on jetties.- To be informed that no alteration in tariff is contemplated. , . , . From Herbert & Page, enclosing an order for payment of money due to T. Connor, oa account of Peak's contract.—The ammount to be paid, and Herbert and Page to be written to asking theui their reason for acting for Connor, while they have been retained by the Council, and to return to the Councillthe retaining fee. A. Mc Arthur, collector of tolls at Port Victoria, to be informed that wheat may be stacked on the jetty not more than four bags ^Accounts passed—Main road, £14 19s. 3d ; construction A account. £2 ; district account, £1913s. 7d. , , „ Messrs. Darling to be informed that the acceptance must be sent on within fourteen days or the matter will be placed m the solicitor's hands. Balance-sheet for half-year read and adopted. TENDERS OPENED. Contract No. 1-Fiv* tenders, J. Locks, £37 10s. ; accepted. No. 2—FIVJ tenders, J. Lodge. £45 ; accepted. Mo. 3-Five tenders, G. Fertcb. £47; accepted. No. 4—One tender, B. C. Darling, £14 2i.; accepted. No 5—Three tenders ; considered too high, to be re-advertised. No. 6—Two tenders; considered too hieb, to be re-advertised. No. 7 Two tenders, T. Cookson ; accepted. No. 8_Three tenders, Burk & Connor ; accepted. No 9—Two tenders, Burk Connor ; accepted. No. 11—One tender, T. Cookson ,- accepted. No. 12 — Three tenders, W. Thomas; accepted. Mr. Wilkinson's attention to be drawn to Ihe advertisement for contracts. Resolved that the Council let its wheelbarrows to contractors at the rate of 6d. each per week, the same to be in good order when returned. Tenders to be called for six new wheelbarrows. Besolvecl that iu future if a contractor does not sign the contract within ten days the contract be re-advertised. Any expense in repairs to the jetties to come out of the wards pro rata. Resolved that the revenue of the Council with the exception of rates be apportioned among the wards in proportion to .the amount of assessment. Cr Hlman's notice of motion to rescind the resolution re the day of meeting of the Council was carried. Resolved that all future meeting* be held on the Monday of or preceding the full moon. Tenders to be called for the following works.-—Maintenance metal. Port Victoria and Urania road. Spreading metal on Port Victoria and Wauraltee road. Making 20 chains road Bslgowan road. Making three chains road near section 132, Kilkerran. Spreading metal on Maitland and Port Victoria road. Staking 5 chains road near Hall's, Wauraltee. Grubbing and clearing, Cunningham, near section 121. Making 7 chains road near section 166, Cunningham. Making 3 chains road near Lamshed's dam, Kilkerran. Arrears of rates to be distrained for at once without any further notice. THE PHANTOM TBAIN.—A story comes from Valcartier, on the line of the Lake St John Railway, in Canada, to the effect that a mysterious light resembling a locomotive's head light was seen crossing and recrossing the .Jacques Cartier Bridge one night recently, though no locomotive was there, and no sign of any person could be found on the bridge or line near it. The same phenomenon, it is claimed, has been frequently seen before, and the apparition is known in the locality under the name of " The phantom train," popular superstition Ascribing its running to the ghost of a conductor who met his death on the line some years ago - That a strange light is occasionly seen on the bridge seems to be unquestionable, as so many respectable people vouch for its appearance, Y IU LOVE WITH HIS MOTHER-IN-LAW.— The " mother-in-law " is a proverbial subject for scoffing remarks, and hardly a day passes without some newspaper publishing a jest at the old lady's expense ; but a countryman uamed Castain, living at Epas, in the department of the Gers, was of a very different opinion—indeed, his relations with his wife's mother were not ouly of a friendly but of a too tender character. One fine day Castain and his beUemere, putting their heads together, determined to get rid of the wife and daughter, and to this intent phosphorous was inserted in the soup served up to the unfortunate young woman. The dose, however, was not strong enough to cause death, and Madame Castain escaped with a trifling indisposition. After an interval the dose was repeated, but Madams Uastaiu—now on her guard— speedily elected the presence of phosphorous in her soup, and, taking up- the plats, ran off with it to the "Maine," where she lodged a formal complaint Castain and his fiightly mother in-law have just been tried at the local Assizes, and each of them has been condemned to ten years hard labor. A telegram from San Francisco states that a boatswain named Finch, formerly belonging to the British ship Amazon, and who was recently dismissed the vessel, ha6 fired at the Biitish Consul and Glee-Consul at that place, both having a narrow escape of their lives. 