flloveUst. THE HAUNTED HUSBAND; 03, X*a-Iy GhctwynsTs Spcctrc. By Mrs. Harriet Lewis. CHAPTER XIII. —(Continued.) But now the door of the bath-room opened suddenly, and a slender, white, robed figure stole swiftly into the hall, as. if pursued, aud glided like a beam of light along the hall . to the rear intersecting corridor. It was Bernice ! Monk flew after her in bis list slippers as silently as she. She ran lleetly down thc long hall and turned aside into the corridor, Monk behind ber. They had scarcely passed beyond the great hall when Lord Chotwynd opened tho door of the bath-room, and came out in wild pursuit. ButBernice aud Monk were both beyond the range of his vision. Thc Beemirg spectre was flying along the dim corridor toward an unused portion of the extensive mansion, not stopping or looking back. She gained another hall, from which a flight of stairs asccndcd, and went up the stairs with still rapidity. Monk came Bwiftly a littlo way behind her. Sho must have been conscious of thc pursuit, but still she did not cast a backward look ovci* her shoulder. Up one, flight; then another, and Bernice had gained a region of unused Attics in the more ancient portion of the dwelling. She ran across a dim passage into a little, bare and empty room, life up by tho moon. ' light that streamed iu at the dormer win dows. She had rtm into a trap, and seemed to realise the fact, for she ran about tbe room wildly, and then retreated to .a farther 'corner, uttering a los7, strango. cry, and covering her face with her hands, Monk entered thc room, nnd closed the door. Ti ' Bernice, in her moonlit corner, panted and trembled. Monk pushed thc bolt homo in Tts socket, and approached her. 'Bernice !' he said, softly. The girl started, with a ringing cry, and looked up at him with distended eyes. ^ 'Gilbert!' she ejaculated, 'I — Ithought it was Boy,' 41 No, it is I, I heard from Mrs. Crowl that -you had strangely disappeared from Mawr Castle, and I knew you would come here. 1 arrived myself only to-night.' 'With Roy? Ob, how he is changed, Gilbert! My poor darling I How grave and stern he has grown ! And how his soul leaped out at mc from his eyes 1 Ho is looking forme now. Harkj is he coming this way?' 'No, Bernice. These rooms have not been used in years. Ho will not find you.' ' I must go to him,' cried the girl, in her Bwect, impetuous voice, ' Now — now— this minute 1 I knew you were at the Park, and I went to your old room, Gilbert, but you wero not there, Rolease me from my oath, \ I must go to my husband.' 'Bernice, listen to me. I have something to Bay to you first — ' 'Not a word. Why, he's looking for mo now. Ho thinks. me a ghost. Release me from my oath. I must go to him. Is lie calling? Let me go, Gilbert. In God's name, let me go to ray husband 1' ' Not yet, Bernice — not until you listen ? to what I have to say,' said Monk, firmly. ' Chetwynd thinks you a spectrc, as you say. He will go. back to his room presently. There's time enough'; but you must listen to me.' ' Then speak quickly. How can I wait 1 He thinks me dead — ho wants me — ' 'How do you know that be wants you ?' ? asked Monk, in crisp, hard tones. Bernice scarcely seemed to understand. . Monk repeated the question, ; .. 'How do I'khow? Why, because I want : him. Oh,. I love him so I I must go to him. Release mo from my oath, Gilburt-r~' ? 'Hearme flrat. Bernice, I hare thought you the. bravest, tho noblest, thc most gener ous of womon, but you are selfish like tho rest, 'r You aro not capable of self -sacri- fice.' _ . '? ' What sclf-sacrifico?' asked the girl, in a . Bbarp whisper.; \ v Are you capiblo of a sublimo selfabne gation V ? demanded Monk, his black eyes all -aflame.- Can you immolate Self on -the. altar of your husband's happiness?. I have i thought that: there wai .in you the stuff of I which martyrs arc made ; but, -ah I yoa are 1 like all tho rest, regardful only of your own , petty.Iovo.- And .vet thero have been women . what have sacrificed themselves; for their husbands—1 '... k 'Gilbert, - what . do ,ycu mean?' cried I ? , Bernice, her voice ringing sharply on the 1 ' air. ? .. ' What was your, last a.ct ^beforo falling | . , into the trance in' which you were consiguod i to your tomb?' isked Monk, in a stern ' voice.. i Bcrnico seemed about to answer, but | paused, deathly wliito. i ' You remember?. Your last act was to ? claRp, tho hands; of Chctywrid and Sylvia) Monlc together. And what ' was your last yrords?': ; ?? j No answer came from the girl's white Hps, j tibo began to understand his drift. | ' - ' Yo\ir last words wore to beg Chetwynd,. ?after a ouitab'y season of mourning for you, . to marry Sylvia Mo^k,' declared. Gilbert, in | ? his passionless voico. ' Was it not so?' ?? Bormcd looked at him dumbly, a world of \- gathering woo -in her great vivid eyes/of j j .gloom. \ You donot contradict mo, YourlaBt apt' ? J yoar seenuog death sraB towdoitdi thoso two who had been so terribly patted.' And they wero glad you gave them back to each other. After consigning you to the burial vault, Chetwynd returned home and bad a private interview with Sylvia, In that interview all Was made straight be tween them, Chetwynd thought it best to spend the year of his mourning abroad, and ho went. IIo would not cxposo his futuro wife to malicious comment. He returned to day. This very evening Chetwynd and Sylvia renewed their former engagement. Your day is past— it is another's now I Your placo is filled. You aro not wanted here. The revelation that you live will only bring dismay and honor. Bernice, from my Boul 1 pity you ! My heart bleeds for you 1' The girl drooped Bilently on, her knoes in tbo wido stream of moonlight, and bowed her head low on her breast. 'There. havo been women,' said Monk, after a long silence, ' so self-abnegating that upon such a return to lifo they would go away in silence, without revealing tho blasting secret of their continued life. Aro thero such women now?' There was a long and terrible pause. Monk waited in breathless suspense for hor response, but he bad long to wait. At last her low and broken voice cut sharply through thc stillness, with tho wordB : ' But I am his wife, you know. We said, * until death do us part :' and I'm not dead, Gilbert. His second marriage, while I live, would be illegal,' 'Not so. Death annuls all ties. You seemed to die, nnd were buried. You aro supposed to bo dead — you are dead, in the c yes of the'Iaw,' said the villain, with an air of reluctant sincerity. 1 ' If you were to reappear, it is possible that your marriage ceremony might have to be performed again to mako you Ohetwynd's wife. I repeat, that in the eyes of the law you are dead. Cbetwynd's second marriage wonld be legal and valid.' The girl, brought up in a far island of tho sea, knowing nothing about law, profoundly ignorant upon many points on which an English school-girl is well informed, having implicit reliance upon aud faith in the man who had rescued her from thc tomb, believed him ! 'I wiU go away,' sho said, in a voice so strange that Monk hardly recognised it. lam dead in tho eyes of tbe law. It will be no crimo for tUem to marry. I heard him call her his 1 promised wife;' I saw him kiss her. They shall bo happy. I love him bo well that I will die even for his sako 1' 'And you will go back to Mawr Castle?' The girl nodded dumbly, 'I'll find Flack, He shall hireacarriago, and drive you to some station beyond East bourne. It would not be well for you to be seen even in Eastbourne. Flack will ac company you back to tho castle. Yon have done a brave, grand, and noble thing in giv ing up Roy, Bernice. I admiro you for your sublime selfaacrifice. I will make your future my charge. I will be your brother, will watch over you, and try to make you happy. Wait here, Bernice, while I go to find Flack and send him for the car riage.' I will return and sec you safely out and on your way with him.' Bernice again nodded assent, and ho went out, leaving her alone in the bare, cold room, in the pale stream of moonlight. He made his way down to thc edge of the park, and readily found Flack, who was smoking a pipe in the shadow of thc trees. Monk communicated tbe fact of his success, and sent his ally to the little inn at Chct wynd-by- Sea for tho required carriage. Having seen him depart, fully instructed, ~ Monk ctole back again into thc house. ? All was ettll now in rooms and corridors. He crept along tho dim passages, and asccndcd the stairs to the oittics, He entered tho little room in which lie' bad left Bernice. SHe was not there I . He stood as if trans fixed. What had happened ? . Had sho been dis covered? Had she repented her selfsacri fice ? nis wild eyrs detected the gleam of paper on the floor in the broad sheen of the moon light. He hounded toward it and picked it up. It was a leaf from Bernice's note-book, and there was. writing on it. Ho struck a fusee, aud ' read tbe irregularly scrawled words. They had been written by Bernice, and weie as follows : ' Gilbert: I have given him up. I shall respect my bath not to roveal my identity ; but I cannot leave him yet. One more look at his dear face— to hear bis voice again — to sec bim sleeping — surely I may be per mitted these without fear of wronging any one. Do not search for me. I may go back to Mawr Castle in time— not now,- My only thought now is that be is hcreand I must be near bim, myself unseen.' That was all. Monk Bought for her through all tho hours of that night. Ho listened nt Chetwynd's door ; ho was in an agony of unrest and foreboding, for his search was in vain. He did not find her 1 CHAPTER XIV. A REALITY UNDER TIIE SEEMING. Upon the morning after tho double ap pearance of the ' spectre' of Lady Chet wynd at Chetwynd Park, thc family met at the breakfast table at tho usual hour, every member bearing evidence, in heavy eyes and pallid face, of having passed a sleepless nnd anxious night. Tho young marquis had been so absorbed in thoughts of Bernice throughout the night as to have quite for gotten his second betrothal -to Miss Monk. But Sylvia, as may bo supposed, had not forgotten it. There was a tenderness in her manner, a soft reliance upon him, a loving deference, that recalled to Lord Chetwynd thc fact that she was his betrothed wife. His face, however, did not brighten at tho rcmcmbrancc, and the haggard look in his blue eyes even deepened. lie wasatracgcly silent throughout tbe me'al, although Sylvia and Gilbert Monk, who camo in late, were both seemingly gay, and free from anxiety and care. After breakfast, Miss Monk took- Lord Chetwynd's arm with tho air of one having a right to its support, nnd walked through the great hall to the winter morning:roora. \- 44 Oh, Roy,' she said, M how happy I am I Your wife, and mistress of Chetwynd Park i Lifo holds no joys . that can compaio vvith these. And, Roy, don't think mo unraaid only if I speak to, yon regarding our betro thal. As the poor dependent, my life is a burden to mo. I think it would bo but fair and just to mo that our encagcmcnt should bo proclaimed at once. My position will then be made clear, and I shall not feel com pelled to Beek other shelter.' Chetwynd. win'cad a little. Ho would have preferred not' to announce his engage ment of marriage bo soon after his return home, bnt he reluctantly acquiesoed to Miss Monk's desire. ' I kneivyou would think as I do,' said Sylvia, in a tone of satisfaction, 11 J pre sumed upon your consent to my wisbe3, and havo already communicated thc tuct of our engagement to Mrs. Skewer and to Bagce. I shall write a note to Lady Welby to day, informing ber also, and she will spread tho news throughout Sussex. Lady Welby will como to sco mo at once. And, Roy, when she nsks mo how soon we aro to be married, what shall I say to her ?' Chetwynd started, and shrank from Sylvia perceptibly. ' I do not know — I had not thought,' he said. 'I leave thc date of our marriage to you, Sylvia. Any dato you may fix upon will be agreeable to me.' 44 Then let me say this day two months,' said Miss Monk, 'vivaciously, 'lb is now March, Wo will be married in May, in tbe season of early flowers and good weather. Wo will havo a grand breakfast here at the Park, and a garden party, a dinner and a ball, to celebrate our marriage. And we will then go to the Continent for. the summer dividing- our-'ftimo ':-between-tBadfln-Bad$Q,' 0p«, Vfeb/ ffreurille, I u.; ? .? ?_ ? ? ? ? ? - will do you credit, Roy. I shall bo gay and charming, and ns sumptuously dressed as Eugenie in tho height of her glory.' Ah, that reminds me,' and sho clasped her. jewelled hands more tightly on tho Marquis's nrm, and regarded him with an affectation, of shyness and embnrrassment, ?* I . would like to assume my new rank and position with suitable paraphernalia. Is not that a nice, long, suitablo word?' and sho forced a laugh. 44 I am already a pensioner upon your bounty, Roy — ' 4 * Not so, Sylvia. Do not use an expression like that. You havo been a dear sister' to me, and have occupied an honored position in my household. You havo been no pen sioner or dependent. It is my wish also that you havo a suitable trousseau,' and bo sighed heavily, 'I will givo you a blank chcquo to-day, and you can order your jewels, shawls, laces, and tho rest, at your pleasure.' Sylvia fairly beamed upon him in her de light and gratitude. She flung her arms around his neck and kissed him. Ho re turned the caress in a quiet, dispassionate manner, that at another time would havo angered her. She talked to him gaily for & while, until the bailiff made his appearance, and then sho glided away to her own room, triumphantly happy. 44 Everything is going on splendidly, Ra gee,' sho said, entering her dressing-room with a wild waltz. ' Chetwynd consents to tbe immediate announcement of our engage ment ,* and I bare appointed this day two moritbB for tho marriage. Ho will givo mo a blank cheque to-day for my trousseau. He cannot retreat now, I am sure to be Lady Chetwynd. Quit brooding over that mystery of tbo ghost for an hour, and help mc to make out my lists for orders and shop ping, Wc bavo timo enough to Btudy tbo mystery afterwards,' Miss Monk sat down at her desk and wrote an affectionate note to her friend, Lady Welby, announcing her engagement of marriage to Lord Chetwynd. Her next letters wero to milliners and dressmakers, ordering a magnificent trousseau. She also wrote to various business houses in London for samples of goods and garments to be sent to Chetwynd Park for her inspection, thus ordering jewels, shawls, Tare laces, and a host of other feminine adornments. She went down to luncheon, meeting tho i marquis, Gilbert Monk, and Mr. Sanders, ! who had been invited to remain. It was evident that the bailiff had not been informed of the new relations existing be- \ tween his employer and Sylvia, The young lady awaited only an opportunity to pro claim her good fortune, which soon occurred ! and the bailiff hastened to offer his con gratulations. After tho repast, Gilbert Monk withdrew ! apparently to bis own room, and was seen no more until dinner. The intervening hours were actually spent by him in an ex amination of the disused portions ot the grand old house, in the hopo of finding Bernice. Night found him again disappointed. ! Lord Chetwynd retired to nis room that night with a sense of disappointment, bnlf convinced that he had been indeed tbe via tim of a freak of a disordered imagination. Yet ho sat late before tbe fire in his bed chamber, with his eyes fixed with intense expectancy upon the door of the bathroom, praying that the 'illusion' might bo repeated. He prayed in vain. The fire burned low 1 on his hearth. The silence of midnight lay like a spell upon the house, and yet his straining eyes failed to behold the vision they longed for. And at last, wearied and hopeless, he flung himself on bis couch and dropped into a troubled sleep. j He had been slumbering more than an honr, nnd his deepening breathing Eounded through tho hushed room, and thc light burned low, and the embers were Jying on I the hearth, when the dcorof thc dressing- j room softly opened, and the ' spectre ' stole ! into tho room. No instinct warned him that Bernice was near. The pulses of his heart stirred not as sho stole through the dimness— like a ghost, indeed — to his side, and bent above bim in an agony of love and tenderness. Her kisses fell like snow- flakes softly on his hair, his face, his bands, and ho felt them not. He bad been much awakeon the previous night, and Nature was now taking her recompense, ' My darling 1 0, my darting 1' was the mute cry that filled Bernice's heart. u The new lovo will never worship you as the old love did, Sylvia cannot understand you as Bernice did. Oh, it is hard to be thought dead, and yet to live — to know that regret for one- is over, and that one ia no longer missed- It is hard to sec one's place filled— to know that another's caressce are dearest now. another's voice sweetest, another's lovo most prized. I should have died in my trance. Oh, God I why did I not die?' She bowed her head, and tears dropped like a Bilent rain upon tho fair golden hair of her young husband. And he who loved her better than his life lay there sleeping heavily, hearing nothing, seeing nothing, j knowing nothing of her nearness to him. Exhaustion fettered him as a drug might have done. J Bernice kissed his hands softly. She yearned over him. And yet she dared not betray to him her presence. Hei oath re strained her. A little while Bhe lingered, until be stirred uneasily in his sleep, and then she Bilently flitted away, going into the dressing room. Sho - had hidden in tho attics all day. She was cold and hungry, having eaten nothing Bince the previous day. Sbo stood beforo the hearth in her dressing-room in an 1 attitude of .flight, barkening intently, and warming herself. Thero was a silver tray on the table, with a half bottle of wine and eorae biscuits, which had been brought up by the butler for Lord Chetwynd late in the evening, the butler having observed bow little bis lordship had eaten at tabic since his return heme, -The little attention to the. marquis stood Bernice in good Btcad. She drank a portion of the wine and ato the biscuits as she grew warm nnd comfort able. But sho might not linger hero. It was timo to go. | She had worn a dark long cloak of water- \ proof cloth on her journey from Wales, and it wns hidden in an upper room now. She had chosen to lay it aside during her mid night excursion, deeming it safer, if she were met, to be taken for a spectrc. Tho cloak was not warm enough to protect her from thc chill of tbo damp of the unused rooms which she made her haunt, and sho stole now to one of the wardrobes and pulled out a lower druwer'in which she bad kept her shawls. Tho Bhawls were there now as she had left them. Her dresses hung in tho press, and were folded on the shelves, just as Fifinc had arranged them, Sho took out an Indian cashmero shawl which Chetwynd had bought for her in London, and wrapped its soft folds around her. Then sho closed tho drawer and crept to the dour and ' listened. Not a sound was to be heard without, Sho opened tho door and crept out into ' thc ball, stealing along in thc dimness like n ! swiftBhadow, Sbe crossed tbo wide ball to ! place herself at greater distonco from Chet wynd's rooms, and bo unconsoiou'sly passed close to tho doors of tbo suit occupied by M;esMonk. She passed the dreesing-room and bed chamber of ber East Indian rival, hor heart beating, it seemed to her, liko a drum. ? As sbo camo abreast tho door of Miss Monk's bath-room, which had been ajar all the evening, is silently opened, and thc witeh likc figure cf old Bagee crept out like a flash. BernUe caught a glimpse only of the dusky East Indian faco, which resembled a faco cut from a walnut more than 'anything else, a red turban, a pah of outstretched arms, vand.tbe gleam of sinister eyes, and then she /flow befoM jher strange purauor witboat % 1 wprd of ©tftcry,~ ' , The old woman sprang upon her like a panther, clutching ber shawl. Bernico loosened her hold upon it and flitted away without it, liko tho whlto spectre she seemed. Sho hurried into tho branching corridor in a panic, but thc 'old woman did not pnrsuo her. llagco clutched the shawl i tightly in her arms and hurried back into tho bath-room. No one bad been aroused. She went into Miss. Monk's bed-chamber.1 Sylvia was sitting up in bed anxious and expectant. i ' Well?' said theyoung.lady, impatiently. ; 11 You havo watched all tho evening, Ragee, depriving.meof ray sleep, and /what good, have you gained by it?' I 11 This I' cried old Ragee, dashing the | shawl down upon the bed. Do you know i that shawl? I have just seen tho spectro I It came out of tho lato Ladys Cbetwynd's dressing-room. It was dressed in. white, only it woro tbis sbawl to protect it from tho cold. It crossed tho hall. When it camo alongsido the bath-ioom I darted out and grasped tho shawl, dragging it from its Bhoulders. The spectro was flesh and blood 1 tho shawl proves that. I saw,, its face; it was wbito with terror ; it was changed and beautiful; but it was the faco of Lady Chetwynd !— tho face of the living mar chioneeB I It is as I have believed. Gilbert Monk overheard ourscheming, and outwitted | us. The girl ia alive, I tell you 1 Why she does not reveal herself to her husband I can not imagine. She has but io speak to Bend you and me to prison, Our safety lies in prompt action. That protended death must be mado a reality I' CHAPTER XV. THE NEW CELEBRITY. We have now to relate tho experiences of Mr. Tempest, tho great explorer of China and Tartary, who had been tho travelling companion of Lord Chetwynd upon tho re turn to England from Genoa. Mr. Tempest was devoted to science, and bis explorations and discoveries had made a great sensation in thc scientific world. He had sent books homo to be published under tbe auspiccs of tbe Royal Geographical So ciety, nnd his name had become in England a household word. Upon the morning after the departure of Lord Chetwynd for Sussex— the morning after Mr. Tempest had read in the news paper of th.U disaster at sea in which Mr. and Mrs, Gwellan had perished— tbo great explorer exhumed hiB. manuscripts, diaries, and reports from bis portmanteau, and made his way to the headquarters of tbe Royal Geographical Society. He found himself received with flattering attentions. Members thronged around him to shake banda with him. Beforo be left tbo Society rooms he had received a dozen invitations to dinner from men of rank and learning. Tempest would havo declined them all. His heart waB sore with the recent wound inflicted by the notico of 'Bernice Gwellan's' death. He wanted to return quietly whence ho had come, but bo many 'Fellows' of the B.G.S. combined to combat his resolves that he consented to remain a month in England at the least, and accepted an invitation to dino with a learned F.R.G.S, — one Sir Harry ForteBCue —that very day, and an invitation for tbe morrow with a party of scientific gentle men. ' You look harassed, Tempest,' said Sir Harry Fortescue, as at last ho walked out of tbe society rooms armjn arm with the great explorer, on their way to tbe baronet's club, into which Tempest had been per suaded to Vdrop' for an hour. 'You think we pball run you to death, but when thc ladies— the most indefatigable lion buntcra in the world — come upon you, you will have to surrender at discretion. Have you ever been much in English society, my dear sir ?' ' Not of late years,' replied Mr. Tempest. H I don't liko sooiety, Sir Harry. My fifteen years, more or less, in Tartary, have not fitted me to grace a lady's boudoir. I should like to ask after a few whom I re member. As yet I have mado no inquiries. Whero is young Lord Grafton nowa days?' ' Dead. He died ten yeara since.' ' Indeed 1' said the explorer. ' Can you tell me anything of tbe Bight Honorable Mrs. William Molyneux, a great beauty and belle a dozen years ago ? ' He asked the question with seeming carelessness and indifference, bis face averted. He might have inquired, judging from his tone, after some chance acquaintance of former times. But his faco had grown Bud* denly pale, his forehead was dewed with Bweat, and his mouth quivered under hiB beard. He awaited the bazpnet'a answer in a breathless suspense. ' 'I remember Mrs. Molynenx,' said Sir Harry. 'Who docs not ? She was, as you say, u great beauty. She had some trouble with ber'husband, I believe, I never under stood what the trouble was, but he deserted her. She went to one of the German baths fcrher health. She never recovered from the blow of ber husband's desertion. She camc home a wreck of her former self, atid buried herself somewhere in tho country. Sbe lost her only child in its infancy, I have heard, and had few tiea to bind her to life. Her's was a Bad story. She died seven yeara ago—' 'Died?' 'Yes— of consumption, I think. Her death was in all tho papers* Did you know her well?' 1 Mr. Tempest did not reply immediately, nor did ho ahow his face to bis companion, who would havo been startled at its singular pallor, and at tbo strange expression of emotion that convulsed it. 'I met her often in society,' the ex- 1 plorer said at last, as the silence grew I marked and oppressive. j ' Hero we are at my clab, Mr. Tempest,' said Sir,, Harry. ' I am anxious to intro duce you to my friends. Perhaps you may really find somo of your old acquaintances among them.' Tempest hesitated. His soul was pro foundly stirred by thc news he had just heard. Ho would havo given much to be, able to creop away to some friendly solitude 1 just then, bub he conquered his long* ! ing, and with an exercise of bis almost Bupcrbuman self-control calmed bis features I and resumed his ordinary manner. ? I He accompanied Sir Harry into the club ; men of note and rank were introduced to him, and be found his name and travels alike well known to Sir Harry's friends. He met no old acquaintances. Ho dined that evening with Sit Harry Fortc&cue;, as he had promised^ His heart was in mourning for Bernice, whom he be lieved to be dead, and also in mourning and torn by tho pangs of self-reproach because of that Mrs. Molyneux whose story bad been so Bad, and who bad diod bo young. 'And yet what havo I to reproaoh my self for?' be asked himself, with ancry defiance.' ' I did rightly. And poor Mar guerite is dead I 1 Died seven years ago.' It is as well.' A largo party had been arranged to succced the dinner. Tbo ladies drove home to dress for the larger evening entertain ment, Lady Fortescue retired to her private rooms, and Mr. Tempest adjourned with bis host and a few kindred souls to the library, to spend the hours intervening between, the two tntertalnmenU in congenial conver sation. As tbe bonr grew late tbe drawing-rooms began to fill with gaily-dressed people, and the host returned with -bis friends to the scene of brigbtnesn and splendor. Sir Harry, as in duty bound, placed himself in close attendance upon Lady Fortes cne, assisting her in the reception of ber guests. Tempest was, as at th£. dinner, over 'wholmed with httentifljiBM whicji ,h§, jiOU tiriued t(? receive' modesnyknd fcocaly. ? His wit gleamed, like a polished sword binae, cutting now and then to tbo bone. He was cynical, oool, haughty, reserved, and strangely enough, ho was a Bocial BUCCCS3. Lady T* .? lescno made a tour of bor grand rooms ? n his arm, introducing him to various ladies with a pretty air of pro prietorship, as if meaning to assert thai the new lion was her own especial pro? .perty, ' Do you know, Mr. Tempest,' said her IadyBhip,8railing,'thatIam piqued at your cynicism and hatred of women, and that I have vowed to myself that our great Tartar shall bow bis haughty head to tho yoke of an Englishwoman 7 No? You did not sus pect my designs? Well, I havo given you fair warning.' 'And who may this conquering Englibh woman be ?' ' Sho is Lady Diana Northwick. You sec her by tho window,, surrounded by her adorers, She is an Iceberg— a human ice berg—a coquette But is she not beautiful ? She is engaged to marry Lord Tentamour, who now stands at her side, holding bor bouquet. What do you think of her?' Tempest glanced in thodirection indicated to bim, and beheld at a distnnt window, surrounded by a charmed circle of gentle men, a woman rarely beautiful— so beautiful that one having once seen her face could never forget it. She was tall, regal, and statuesque, with a noble and queenly carriage of her stately figure. - Her pure Greek face was superb in its royal haughtiness, Tho red lips were curled in a smile that was strangely fascinat ing and winning. She was a blonde of the purest type, with a complexion like the faireet pearl. Her hair was of a pale golden tint, yellow, without a glint of red in its luxuriant masses. It wns arranged in crapes, and puffs, and rolls, and curls, after tho fashion of thc day, but its fanciful disorder could not conceal the shape of her small, noble head, which was poised proudly upon her slender neck. She looked an empress, in her robe of pale blue velvet, with trim mings of point lace, and ornaments of diamonds. '* Sho is very beautiful,' said Tempest, slowly, ' I can imagine a man falling in lovo with her, bat you say she is a coquette ? There is a disdain in her haughty glance, as she looks around her at this moment. Is that a revelation of her inner nature ? 1b she really above all these coquetries?' ' The question shows that she has already cast her glamour over you,' said Lady For tescue, banteringly. 'That is always tho way. It is fortunate that you have no tie to bind you to another. Think if you should fall in love with Lady Di while you were thc husbond of some other woman? Such a thing would not be unknown here in London. Ah, I fancy you wince, Mr. Tem ptst. Can it be that there is a Mrs. Tem pest in thc background all thc while ?'' Lady Fortcsque inquired, smilingly. 'No; I Bhould say that could not be,' said the explorer, calmly. ' All tho ties that once fettered me arc broken. But I am no silly moth to flutter around tbe flame of Lady Di'b beauty. 1 candidly think that she is one of the mcBt beautiful women I bave overseen — perhaps the most beautiful ; but her's is thc beauty of the glorious marble statue, not the beauty of a tender woman. Do men call her heartless ?' 'Yes, and rave about her, nnd go mad about her beauty. Sbe enjoys her power, and that is why she has held bor lover, Lord Tentamour, so long at arms' length. They will be married soon, I hear.' ' Who is Lady Northwiok ?' asked Tem pest. ' She is the widow of Sir Basil North wick, a rich baronet, who was sufficiently accommodating to die and leave her all his wealth. She must bo nearly thirty years old. Did you not tell me that you do not care for wemen 1 Yet see how long we have been talking about the most brilliant co quette in London. Having excited your ouriosity in regard to her, permit me to in troduce you to ber.' 11 Thanks,' said Tempest, bowing assent. 'I dare say you are tired of me, Lady Fort&scue;, and are willing to be rid of me.' They advanced towards tho reigning belle, who welcomed the lion of the evening with a dazzling smile. Lady Fortescue presented the great explorer, and then moved away. At the distance of a few paces she paused to 9peak to a guest, and ber glances reverted to Lady Diana nnd Tempest, The Tartar traveller was already deep in conversation with the polished coquette. ' Lady Di is sure to add Mr. Tempest to her liBt of lovers,' thought Mrs. Fortescue, with a thrill of dismay. ' He does not understand a woman'o wiles. She would like to win tho homage of the new celebrity. I fancy he is a widower. There was a strango expression in bis oycB when I spoke { of a possible Mrs. Tempest. I could fancy him newly bereaved when 1 remember that look. I am persuaded that something start ling will grow out of this meeting of Lady Di and Tempest. He will fall in love with her and he will not go bock to Tar tary next month. But what will bo the end?' \- With another glance at the -pair, Lady Fortesqno disappeared, — (To be Continued .) 