MY UNCLE'S ADVENTURE. A1Y .xixd TO ANTIQUAUIlAN ES itusIAsTs. MY tilelo hid a large nisel, which was itidt the occasion of irreverent jokes at his xpenise. Ile was also a mall of antiquarian tastes, and was often victimised by those who palned off upon him worthless articles which he was persuaded to believe were of ancient origin nud of priceless value. With these " curiosities" he filled his house, much to the annoyance of my aunt and the amuse mnent of his less credulous friends. But he was suddenlyawa?elned from these absurdi ties in a manlier so remarkable that hle invoked S?y aid in reprddtclng a story often tdld by iimself at his own fireside. It was a sultryafternoon in the month of September, when my uncle bent his steps across the common and through the meadows to visit a neighbouring farmer friend. On the occasion of this visit, and just as he was leaving, after having par taken of the usual hospitalitles of thi phtlace, he esl.led In a itlrnrli di tihe fermejard an t)ld iroih Jit, ndarly spherical in shape, which had fdrifierly stddd dn three legs, but could noz* only bdast of twQ. OvWing to its tinsdfo i bnditidn it Hlad. Idng since leedn disused aslid lhad Uecfi denslgilid to its rostin?plance on the principle that for all the ills of life prevention is better than cure. A somewhat minute inspection of its ex terior revealed the ilgure 10, followed by something which could not readily be de ciphered; and instead of concluding that these marks probably represented nothing more than the size of the article in question, the great antiquary rashly concluded that the 16( with the obliterated ncarks repre soented l?tAhilifg saort df tilb date df its iianufacture. A pot whose darly existend was probanlb y contempor:ary with Cromwell could not bi permitted to remain in such a place. Accdedingly ,u Uncle dbtermnined to tranisfer it to St ulle Count, there tb keep comipaily with lib muany relics of days long ago. But his burden proved more inconvenient than lie anticipated. After taxing his in genuity to the utmost to discover a means of carrying it with a inaximnun amount of case,it finally occurred to him that, inverted, it might rest on his head, Accordingly, it was so placed, and imy Utllo proceeded with tie queerest helmet that potr pressed the brow dr a lit!milt Ulng Hls pal? lay, tiloig ,lt? bailk if small'h t'ii-r, asid ed down to the mill. Mere, it may be men tioned in parenthesis, lived an old sweet heart, who, out of patience, I suppose, in waiting for the question from my uncle, had accepted his rival, the miller, fully twenty years before. Across the stream a dam had been constructed for the purpose of diverting the water to tihe mill, and thus a pond was formt d at least filt feet deep. The water ofteri fltlaed ovdr Iiht dium, form ing a bhailliflll titeetih.ti ffUm SiL to eigliht feet lit height I ild Wihdei the ratdr -was low, people -frequently passed over the wooden platform of the dam to save the walk to the bridge, which stood more than a hundred yards below the mill. iBut, doubtless, my uncle had another reason for selecting this route, a reason which received additional force from the strange appear atlce which lih iid IristsetlOtcth As may be rdadily silpposddi tihe diatiOit O the water liad rebiddied thb platform very smooth taid slippe r'. Aldig thlis dingerous path, liowebti', siy tidClo prqcceded, bitt whether from the effect d~ thie dtoresaid hospitalities, ori fidm the weight of the pot on his head, lie became tlisteady in his gait, and suddenly slipped. A fall of ;eight feet to the bed df the river was rid joke; besides, such a fall coutild dnly end in the destruction df the po, IEdw; ,d vid d attention is al ways to ii a efidbd, Whdub tile possible issues are serious, mis uxder evirf ordimnary circumstances; a slip in siich a place was no trifling niattEiii blit with thei dbjedt df hid solicitude fiirly fliqd dfi hit hiadx what wonder thiat; lilt asifetr oiis dtliil? j?do'.ar dised? lie that as it may, the fact renmhis that le stumbled upon the slippery plat form, and the pot sli)piny over hims nose, enveloped his entire headl. Practically blind, he was now less capable than over of recovering his footing ; and his attenipts to do so ended in my worthy relative tumbling head first into the mill pond. Thus was lie trought literally face to face with atn diglnilnioets ddath;i lid btter than that Of lis ta iilt sticr 'hilldlm la't'ds thisi oi'ld wvitl a stenone tied tb its noh. is flit this dai'k cst hour is not unfrequently the hour of deliverance.. It proved seb herb. This at tention of Joe, the miller's i~an, had been attracted to my uncle before he reached the dam, by the strange head-gear worn by my relative. The unsteady gait, the slip, the fall, the plunge, were all observed; and having reached the pond as quickly as possible, Joe succeeded, after considerable difficulty, in extricating my uncle from his perilous position. Whenever the old gentleman related the story to hi tffletds 1! .m~ralised hers on the vanity d hilintah wllshs. "Yis, nfleihy," he would say, tirnirig tb mb, " that wis the crisis in my histdry, fidt nierely as regards the unexpected extenusin df my e±istende, but morne particilarly rwith irefereiice to thub folly which was the dtlicoiiio of the niania which had seized me. I never felt how use less my life had been till death stared me in the face under such ignominious sur roundings. My punishment appeared to me as complete as it was deserved. Drown ing seemed only the secondary cause of my death, the real cause being the ruling passion -Which had prompted me to possess the pot. The idea of dying with my head in such a position, humiliating though it was; berg no comiarisin te lisy thdtights as t felt the air rise im bubbles from the pot in solemn mockery of my life, and tlhought how, in breaking upon the surface, they wroto my epitaph, 'Emptiness."' Having rescued my uncle, Joe carried him to the house of the miller, where he removed thewetgarments,placed hiin in bedbetween the blankets, and applied those means for his restoration generally resorted to in cases of suspended animation. It was fortu nate that Joe was familiar with the treat mont, as lie was thb only idrson di u pro mises, and thbi nearest hoise wmds ftlly half a mile distant. lie poisevered in his efforts and ere long was rewarded by returning consciousness. But the pot, the terrible pot, still canopied my unclo's head in spite of every endeavour to remove it. "The nose was the cause you see," the old gentle man would say, playfully tapping tlhat pro tuberant organ with his finger "and appeared to be little shlort of a bolt, whlich detied tho removal of that ungraceful head o, of all places, the mill was perlhaps thie last which my tinole wovulld liars cared to visit under the circumstances. HIe could not endure the thought that the miller's wife, his old sweetheart, slhould witness such a spectacle, and was really distressed at the idea that her eyes might even now be resting on his misfortune. The old pot refused that assurance to him which hiis eyes would have supplied, and so hle had to rest content with the repeated avowal of his benefactor Joe:--" Keep yer mind nisy; the maister and his wife and the whole lot of 'em be gone to the fcir. But don't ye be alfeard On the missiis. Sihe le mighty kind and'ud help yo heaps if she was hero. And neow yo be safe and a-comin' round a bit I can't help a-lauglln' just a little bit. I zned ye go in headilvurmost, right down like, and yer legs a-kicldn' uip zummat like the ducks when they go a-divin' after what 'em can catch in the pond. Then there's that there pot about yet head. La I never zeed such a nightcap in all my born days. Don't think I'm a-maklin' fun on ye, but i've a-tried to get'n off, and 'er won't comne, leastways without a piece o' yer nose, and I reckon you doent want to spare a slice o' that." Withl these andi such like speeches Joe enlivened his patient, introducing paren thetically such hearty bursts of laughter that my uncle speedily recovered himself, but hIis 'increasing strength only intensilled his desire to get clear away before the miller and his wife returned. As a 4first step in this direction hle emerged from the blankets in lwhich, barring his head, hle had been enveloped, and with the assistance of Joe as his valet, hle dressed in the garments which that worthly supplied. Thlere wlas nothing remarkalle ahoit theeo, with thi exception of a smockh-frock of snowy wlhite ness, which extendled to my uncle's feet, and playedl a not nimmportant part in tihe 'requel of tihe story. I.Jl here arose a difhlulty. Joe being lefttin chaergo of the premises could not leave until hlis master's return. Every argument which his ingenuity supplied to detain his patient, and everyprotest against my uncle's injustice in bclitn'ieg the miller's wife caplable of aught but symeleathy, fell upon my uncl's ears "like \\.dater on a cluck's eback." Fineding thact le coedd placte t pot in a plosition whlich enablcd ltim to see his feet, anid conscquently thle pdth bit by bit along wlhich hle hlad to travll, besides being able to raise thIe plaguyYapparatus sefHl ..OS9 ciently to dnible hhu to breathe; and seeing tlhat Jdo could not naccnIlpany him as a guide aild prodtector, lie determinld to maki the attempt to reach the village ulonid Being naturally anxious to avoid, as far as possible, the public dafize, all thought of takine thb turnpike-road was abandoned, thouo71 lie need not have beern under such apprehension, for who amongst the many returning from the fair would be likely td recognise in that strange figure Farmer Bloomlield of Stanley Court ? Indeed his objection to this route might have been oveLrcome but for his dread of meeting the miller and his wife, who, so lihe thought, mlight possibly recognise the garb which enveloped him, a'ril would naturally feel unpleasantly inquisitive about the in dividual within it. Yet a walk of three miles through meadows and across a com mon after seven o'clock on a September evening, under such circumstances, appeared well nlgh as possible fora blind man. Any thing, hdwev0ri appeared preferable to the' discflbsiro h1 s1 'nimich di'waded, and so, trusting to. his circumscribed visioii, he departed with slow and steady steps along the did . faiilidr path, detenuined, by a happy ?ltfight, Io hko hIsis way ,to the villa gbla?itkstilii t whido' iigenuity li hliead no doubt would speedlly remove the on cumbrance. The keenest foresight is, however, unable to anticipate the circumstances which may befall us. For some time all went well, and the antiquary's progress, though slow, was sure. But what with the sultriness of the evening, the defective ventilation inside the pot, and the wclght of that at other times useful article, my uncle was compelled to sink tb ttlo giound iii a faint, just as lie had redcmlif a shlltow brook, over which lie had to pass; andti t?e lie. lay until conscious ness returned. How long hlie hdd been in this position lib did not know, but lie soon becumio pairifully awaridof tiho fact that the shades df, iiight lhad closed around him. Nior Was 11llt nsxiety dimhinished as a thun der-storm burst over hlili did. Ileavyclonds overspread the sky, and deepened thd dark ness; so that when my uncle rose tO his feet, lie found theopath completely hidden from his view. In so helpless a condition, what wonder that lie wandered" from the familiar track I To add.to hil discomfort, the rain came dditp ib torients.; Whilst the lightning, flashliiig dtroing htlm flildd him With a noew teCtr6. Still I.,ebedtiiit1iod to trudge lihl wear way : anid ut lefigllt, tb' Ills intense delight, lie heard the faiti n btt: .dle'ole sounds which came from the arnvil df the village blacksmith. Sweeter music lie hlid never heard. lie listened intently to the sound as it was wafted across the gloomy common, and with his ears as a pilot,walked et, chccrcd by the fact that every step brought him noarot to the nuan who would renidto the load from his ?cad --and lio litad iot ?ipdecedcd fir iti tlie direction of the smithy, itldUS i'l b?leino a'iaere of the approach of a man, atd iin t'i " snteobes of song which fell upon the dai?iidi, lib recognised a familiar voice. It was the village schoolmaster, who, being fully occu pied by day in keeping other people's spirits down, resolved that his evenings eliitild lio spent it keeping his own spirits itp, itlihs ld sit? cceded tolerably well In ddhig at thi rbir th'ictl'l mtist nightly at the village imin. A load odf anxldy fell fcrt my iince' liart as tihm chddlmhastoraplprt?iheo'd him. D~u tilnds I the relief is'as ohly momesY tarjr. Whethidt t!i" dai'kneOs hid my uncle from his sight; oi'wlieherl thi-b iad so occu pied with his thioughts asto be taconsciots of such a person's presence, we need ndt stop to inquire. A vivid flash of lightning for an instant lit up the-scene when they wirlh bitt a few'. yards apart, revealing my uiicle shrdiigladfi darmsmts of snowy white ness. Thls sbiig sidd'nly ceased . a shriclek rdiit th li; ari, d thb trimullois void' of omy belated ri]ative, intendbd to, remove fi?e snidonluitor's fete, sirved only to quicken his flight aci~-f te conniiond to the .village inn, which lie had left duly lbilf ai li hur before. With a face ghastly pale, with drops of perspiration like peas standing on his forehead, and trembling and gasping for breath, lie threw himself into a chair, per fectly overcome and speechless. In the hands of the landlady he recovered in a few minutds stillic ently to explain the cause of. hii terror. Ife hlid W-itnessed that night, lie silif, si'th a sight ais never beforo met his eybi. Iii 'assiig ti.6 spot r}o the common whets; in the retneilti gGanb .of miOst of his hearers, ar nmiirdered tidn Iad been found a spot lie confessed lih neve-r passed at night without nervous excitement-just as lie had commenced a song, by way of diminishing the loneliness of lis situation, a horrid being stood before him. It was clad in white, but had a head an blackd as night, from the top of which projected two short horns. It was impossible to be mistaken. A flash of lightning revealed all this too plainly, and seemed for an instant to dance Arotifid th.i head of the Satanic spectre. ilcsides this it id!ioi etmrulchral in its tones, plainly called him hb ridsmtn Surely the edidencb df tt'o Od his sefses coild not be rejecIsd. Ils tdesdclats at fhi i?inn ,i6 it ready ear to the statement, aiid after anirtaking of some Dutch courage, ab the c;arnest request of the schoolmaster, they conscent-d to accompany him across the common to his home. Amongst them was Joe, who, on the return of the miller, had walked to Stanley Court by the road, professedly to bring my uncle's clothes, but in reality from a feeling of anxiety about his safety, Findininhe haid not returned Joe started off in search of the iaridtfoer add on his wai stepped into the village inn jtist in timed t hear the school master's account of the ghiost dn thl com mon. lie might easily have removed the schoolmaster's fears, but being of a frolic some turn, and wishing to test the courage of his bodyguard, lie remained silent and followed them uuobserved when they left the inn. Meanwhlile the ringing sounds from tlhe anvil hlnd guided tlhe exhsausted wanderer, and before the party from the inn lhad pro ecodded far the supposed ghost Was encoun tdrid. Dttch courage proved .unequal to the shdcl, aid Jo halid the satisfaction of seeing thdm ecampdr away mis fast as their legs could carrSy them, each one doubtless as much overcome as lhad been the school master lwhen lie sank speechlless into a chair but a few minutes before. The faithful Joe, lhowevecr, was soon at my uncleo's side, and under his guidance tihe ssmithy was reached. A consultation now took place as to the best means of offecting a relise ; andi notlhing appeared so practi cablo as to place tlhe pot on the anvil and with a slharlp blovw from a hainsner to slhatter it into fut'gments. A hIazardlous proceeding, but despermate ills require despe rate remedies. It was therefore onot without forebodings of evil tlhat mny uncle, supported by Joe, placed the pot as directed. Down canme the blow; and my uncle stood erect, a Ihappier and a wiser man. The kind heaourted and faithful Joe lived long in my uncle's service as farm bailiff, and never wanted a friend as long as tihe old gentlo man lived; and, in repeating these extra ordinary proceedings to eager listeners, he would assurothecm that "lie never zed sicli a nut afore, nor sleh a kernel." 