SCRIPTURAL GUXEALOG X'. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ARGUS. Sir-As few weeks ago some correspondence took place in your columns between two gentlemen and the Rev. Stacey Chapman about how Easter Day and Christmas Day came to be fixed on the respective e dates on which we now observe them, and the Rev. S. Chapman gave very lucid reasons for the date of the former, but not quite so clear for the date of the latter. In his explanation he said that " Prophecy was uncertain as to date of Christ's birth, but distinct us to descent, or words to that effect. As the Rev. b. Chapman hoB evidently made a study of these matters, and is well fulfilled to give an ex. donation, I would thank him very much it he would explain what he means, For I am in doubt upon the subject. Taking the start of the Jewish nation From Abraham, it divides into 12 tribes alter the de ltd of Jacob, and all prophecy asserts that the Messiah is to be of the house of David, and of the tribe of Judah. The first chapter of St. Matthew given in the first 15 verse a complete genealogical account of the descent of Joseph From Abraham through David, but of what use is that in connecting Jesus with David, na in the RMS verse were told that " Mary was found with child of the Holy Ghost " before she and her husband had come together Joseph was not the father of Christ, therefore all the genealogy given is useless. In order to connect Christ with the house of David and the tribe of Judah we should have the genealogy of Mary, Ella mother, but I can nowhere find this all I can find is that in the first chapter of St Luke, v. Id, she is called by the Angel of the Lord the cousin of Eiizabeth " Elizabeth is described in the fifth verse, same chapter, and of the daughters of Aaron" Mir), being her cousin, was (in the absence of other proof) presumably a Levite, and so not one house of David, not of the tribe of Judah). What I wish the Rev. S. Chapman to explain is, If prophecy is distinct as regards the descent of the Messiah, how is it fulfilled in the person of Christ Yours, &c; , INQUIRER. Jerilderie, May 2. 