A series of Short Stories XNOW FIRST PUBLISHED. . BX j. mar5den sutcliffje, RsnrLRD, The Romance of an In surance Office, Being Passages in the. experience of mr Augustus Williah Wzbbeb, formerly General Manager of the Universal Insurance Co. THE MYSTERY AT CLUMP COTTAGE. I. Travellers by road between Oreford and Loudon have often been heard to say that there are few prettier towns in the South of -England, and nous more romantic, than the ancient and pictures que borough of Rissborough. Rissborough stands on the banks of the Thames. The impression " that it invariably leaves on the " mind of the visitor who sees it for the first time, is that of its striking resemblance to au rfi! :-v - i»og aud roomy, though somewhat tortuous High-street, flanked on both sides by rows of curious- looking shops, with qnsint gables, in terspersed with stilt more cnrinns-lnnk- xng residences, many ot them ivy-grown ; its venerable Guildhall, standing in the centre of the spacious street, with high- pitched roofs and dormer windows, sur mounted with four glittering vanes, fixed on slender iron shafts one at each corner, and a richly embellished medmral Vtvoo, W1U1 wu-uwuiuueu UUIUUlQg CreBIB immediately in front of the hall, look as if every detail had been copied from some old Flemish picture. At either end of the principal street there is a church, whose lofty embattled towers seem as if they had been built, as watch ful sentinels to keep guard over the in gress and egress, east aud west. The town remaios very much as it was in the days of the Tudors, when its maio portions were built As Seen from the river, which runs strictly parallel to it and here attains to one of its noblest reaches, Rissborough loses nothing of its peculiar charm. If the visitor happens to be rowing or punting, or better still, if he happens to bs fishing from the opposite bank, he will see the whole town mapped out before him, bending from right to left with the slightest imagiuable curve. All the houses are red-tiled, and the gardens oo the south side ran down to the river, whose glassy surface reflects a3 a mirror the shades cast by tall elms and huge chestnuts, wich here and there a grace ful birch and drooping willow which grow at irregular intervals on either bank. Beyond the town the eye rests on a lovely landscape of spreading meadows, green and fertile, picked out by many a fair woodland bit, running up to a fringe of low-lying hills, clearly defined agaiuet the sky-line which fills in the back ground of a perfect pictnre of still, country life. The highest of the hills (which are not more than five miles away), whose snmmit is covered with a thick growth of larch and Scotch firs, forma a notable land-mark for miles round, and is known in the locality as Five Mile Clump — in allusion to its estimated distance from Rissborough. It is said that from this hill the grey walls of Windsor Castle, with its massive centre-keep, aud the splendid Gothic pile of Eton can be seen distinctly on a clear day. But with this we have nothiog to do. The scene of ouratory lies four miles out, on the way to Five Mile Clump. The old coach road as it leaves Riss borough strikes out straight for the ridge of hills just mentioned, and finally disappears over one of the lower crests. A few hundred yards before the ascent begins, the road sweeps past Clump Cottage. Between Rissborough aud Clump Cottage there are no signs of human habitation except au occasional farmstead, standing in the midst of rich grass-lands, with now and again opatch of arable breaking io upon the emerald enamel. A lonelier situation whereon to build a house, despi'e its proximity to the highway, could scarcely have been chosen by a recluse. When it was built. Clump Cottage was a substantial and attractive-looking . villa residence, standing in the midst of a luxurious piece of park of some tweuty- two acres — a house which entirely belied its modest name. There are no shrubs growing above the low oak paling, aud there is nothing to obstruct the view from the road. The former owaer knew that he had nothing to fear from the prying of too curious neighbours for he had none, as for the chance wavfarers. they were too few to excite any dread of being overlooked. A broad and perfectly straight carriage drive, entered by hand some iron gates (there was no lodge), aud trimly kept, ted to the house, leav ing the front, and the stables which - lay to the right, exposed -to view. An im portant particular, as will appear here after. The house stood on an irregular piece of land. There was. little depth behind, the land lying principally to the right .and left. That to the left bad been little disturbed, beyond the removal of some old fences and the planting of a large number of fruit trees, giving to that side au appearance of half meadow and half orchard. The land ou the right had been brought into cultivation by a free use of the plough aod the spade, and -converted into an exteosive kitchen garden, with forcing houses and con servatories. Such was Clump . Cottage when built, and down to the period of the events now to be described. This pleasant dwelling, presents a sadly altered appearance to-day. From the circumstances now to be .related, it has acquired an unenviable reputation as the scene of a foul aod terrible crime. Popular rumour asserts that the house is haunted, but that may be dismissed at once as 'just the clash o' the country.' Given a house situated in a lonely situation as the scene of a dreadful, tragedy .which long baffled all efforts to unravel and the superstition of a coun try-side as yet impenetrated by the- modern spirit of research, and all the' materials .required wherewith, -to con struct a thrilling ghost-story -are sup plied. The simple facte are, that after the details of the crime bad , been .brought to light, the dark memories which sver after clong to it, .acting in combination ' with : the retired situation, proved sufficiently repressive to deter intending teuants from taking posses- sion. It was consequently abandoned to , neglect aud decay until everything ex cept the bare walls fell into ruin, .leav ing it to wear the utterly drear and forlorn aspect it wears to-day. . ., Thirty years ago an advertisement id a country newspaper announcing what auctioneers are wont to call ' an eligible piece of building land for sale,' met the eye of Mr. Kenneth Fraser, attorney- at- law, as he sat in bis ,rooms in Finsbury Circus. It was described as a forced sale, in consequence of the intention of its owner (a small freeholder who could neither live decently nor starve on the land) having derided to seek fresh pas tures and a more rapid way to fortune In the Colonies. Mr. Kenpeth Fraser, who had been meditating a retirement jrom practice, and who knew the neighbourhood well, catne to the conclusion that he might do worse than pass the remainder of his days in a spot which seemed as if made to agree with his quiet testes, especially as he. thought that the land might be had cheap. The price proved so low as to offer an irresistible bait, and , in the lung run be became the purchaser of the little farm, and having given orders for the immediate. -demolition of the low straw-thatched farm house, proceeded on'its'siief "Higher Sfr. fiennetC'trano- frrred his belongings, which included a rare aud choice collection of old books, and here he settled down to the enjoy ment of his Elzevirs and the pursuit of horticulture, of which he was passion' ately food. .How, at last, be was bappy. mere was, however, one ' fly in his pot of ointment/ Hie only surviving relative, Fred Cameron, the sou of his widowed sister, who had been bora aader his roof and brought up by his uncle after the death of his mother, refused, when the time cams for a decision, to follow his uncle's profession. This was a heavy blow to the old dud, who had continued to follow his avocatbos beyond the time that pleasure or interest dictated, solely with the view of his nephew suc ceeding him in one of the most lucrative connections iu the city, including the rich perquisite of legal adviser to the Universal. For ten years of hie life Mr. Kenneth ; Fraser had simply been acting as a warming-pan for his nephew. It. an noyed. him to think of his wasted years, and he was still more exasperated that Fred should throw aside such a golden opportunity. But he was still more provoked at Fred's own choice of a calliog. For Fred had chosen to be. an artist, and although Mr. Fraser vras much too highly cultured not to hold art .as a product in the ; highest estimation, he held the pro ducers in sovereign contempt. He was himself a -man of the greatest regu larity iu his habits, and of a correct, if not stately, deportment ; aud the Bohe- mianism affected by most arc students offended hia sense . of the fitness of things. It was not nonatural, perhaps, that when he condescended to employ terms of severe opprobrium iu his stric tures on the ' painting tribe/ tbat his nephew should fire up and retort angrily with some not very well chosen remarks ou the noble profession of the law, in which allusions to pettyfogging attorneys found too cqdsdIcuous s Dlace. This was an insult which Mr.Kenneth Eraser was the last man to brook. His Scotch blood tingled in his veins under the gibe, and a bitter quarrel ensued, which ended io young Cameron quitting his nncie's roof the same night, with a threat of disinheritance ringing iu his ears. A a small legacy bequeathed to him by his mother was sufficient for his wants whilst pursuing his art studies. But long bBfore the yonng artist had painted his first picture Clump Cottage was built and occupied. Whether Mr. Keoueth Fraser found his life a little more dull than he had bargained for, or whether his heart began to yearn over the only living representative of his race is not known, sincd he never drop ped auy hint on the subject. Certain it is, that before the recluse bad completed his first year's residence in his new home, Fred received and accepted a pressing invitation to visit his uncle. From that time his visits were frequent, and Mr. Fraser began to take a keen interest in Fred's pursuits, even t > the extmt of becoming a purchaser for extravagant sums of the earliest of Cameron's crude and immature work. Fred protested that it was sheer robbery to take his uncle's money for such daubs, but Mr. Fraser, who was no mean judge, saw clearly enough that the lad had talent, if indeed the stronger term oeuins micht not be emDloved. aud Fred was compelled to take his uocle's cheques. Alas, it was fated that the good understanding which bad grownup be tween them should receive another aheck with results tragical aud fatal to Mr. Fraser. On the occasion of one of Cameron's visits to Clump Cottage, when uQcle and nephew were dicing tete-a- tete, the same evening of Fred's arrival, the latter suddenly blurted out, ' Uncle, I am going to be married.' ' Money ! I presume/ Mr. Fraser re plied laconically,, slightly arching his eyebrows, whilst a droll smile larked round the corners of his mouth. ' Well no, there's no money in the case,' Fred said. ' What made yon sup pose I should look after the dollars ?' Because I never knew a young painter chap make a living out of art, until after many -weary years of work aod waiting ; aud you affect " high art " I believt, which is only another word for the art which keeps a man low down in the world, and gives.him plenty of time to enjoy the' luxury of empty pockets. .- 'You are wrong, on both points, Uncle,' Fred cried gaily. I am getting bn famonsly. My pictures sell welt and Mary L Burner will have little more than, the do.hes sbestendBin/ .' That she certainly will not. If she be the daughter of John: Harmer, who is clerk to Bracegirdle and Hamlyn/ Mir. Fraser said impressively. Fred, who was .not slow to interpret his nncie's moods, felt as .if he was piloting RIB UAIK -UlEUUU EhEWlgE CQriVaUi WUUttt) ehaUows were unknown to him. . It .was plain enough to be seen'that Mr. ;Harmer was pot in veiy good -odour at Clump Cottage, though why .that -was So Fred was at a loss to conceive. But ino w that he had broken the ice he was bent on having the matter, on'. So he continhed after a pause ' I was not aware that you knew Mr. Harmer. ' That I can quite believe/ the lawyer replied, grimly. 'John Harmer would not be very likely to mention Kenneth Fraser'a name to Kenneth Feasor's nephew. Do you happen to have made any enjuiry into John Harmer's ante cedents ? It wonld be a natural conrse to take before deciding to ally yourself with his family.' Well, no ; 1 cannot say that I have ;' said" Fred, beginning to grow a little nettled by his uncle's Barcasm, which lis more evident in hiB caustic tone than in his language. ' I believe he has' been unfortunate.' ' Unfortunate, eh ! gad P Mr. Fraser said with s chuckle. ' Unfortunate you nail it- 9 Wkan fl matt lion Kaad nnotnil a defaulter to the tone of thirty thous and ponnds,and owes it to my mercy that he did not stand behind a criminal dock, yon say he has been unfortunate ? I think he has been deucedly lucky to escape transportation, and that I am unfortunate. Such is at least my opinion, Master Freddy. And now pasa the claret.' 1 Is this really true, uncle ?' asked Fred in amaze as he passed the wine. Is what- true? Since when have I begun to tell what is not true ? You nan nave uic nna -it juu — lul , are in very small compass. 1 John Harmer was once my friend. I trusted him, helped him on ; lent him money - at hia need. How did he pay dm back? Listen. He came to me one day, saying that he was in urgent il ait iztsaltfa. ucflum uvb buuuwiiu puuuuo. ITUUUI a week he declared I should have the money returned, aod with it other five thousand pounds in which he was al ready indebted to me. He told me a plauBible tale, and I gave him what he wanted. The week came to an end, and John Harmer's name was posted on the Stock Exchange as a defaulter. His liabilities in all were about forty- thousand. When his affairs came to be looked into, it tamed out that the whole ten thousand he had obtained from me were got out of me by fradu- lent representations. I felt I could not prosecute the man who had eaten my bread and at whose table I had often sat Old-fashioned notions of hospitality restrained me from that, but I could not forgive the deception, and I never will Since then the name of Harmer has been tabooed with me, and so it mast.' 'This is painful in every way, Uncle,' Fred said, when Mr. Fraser had finished his story. ' I confess I had not sus pected this. Still, it is not right that the innocent should suffer for the guilty.' ' Ain't the innocent suffering for the guilty every day of your life Freddy f! 'That may be, Uncle, but circum stances alter cases. Am I, for instance, to break Mary Harmer's heart because her father has been a scoundrel ? 'You will do as you please about that Fred, the lawyer replied, with growing hardness in his tone. 'We had better have a clear understanding. You must choose between Miss Harmer and me. We have only had one die- agreement. I only refer to it now to say that I hope we may never have an other, and to remind you that I then made a threat which I did not mean to Irafln Rut nnm trnn mnafr k?anlr f Vi mn riti this entanglement — made in ignorance of the facts — or I will never willingly look on your face again.' And so the subject was dropped for the moment Fred moodily drinking his wine and turning over in hie mind the cruel dilemma la which his ancle's decision had placed him. To do him justice, he was not the sort of man to wait for ' dead men's shoes,' and his uncle's wealth, which was con siderable, occupied the lowest place in his consideration. He was sincerely attached to his ancle, and as he had been just reminded, there had onlybeen one quarrel between tbem, and the pain to both whilst the estrangement lasted had been too great for him to contemplate the prospect of a final rapture without something like agony wringing his heart. His heart was generouB and affectionate, though his temper, like his nude's, was somewhat hasty ; but he had all the high chivalrous instincts of the true artist, which led him to despise what he held to be the stupid prejudices of a narrow, social code. It was precisely here where the danger to the continuance of his re lationship with his UDcIe lay. Mary Harman was a sweet lovable woman, aud when Camercn fell in love with her it was with one of those consuming passions . which brooks no impediment being placed m the way of realising its sweet love- dream. His sense of justice, moreover, was revolted at the edict which decreed that Mary Harmer should suffer fur her father's sin. If she had not spoken to Mm of the secret of her father's dis- . grace, it was because she had not known ifr. It had besn buried in silence, as snch things are best buried, for the sake of those innocent young lives whose peace of mind would be wrecked for ever did no veil ever fall to hide the memory of past shame. Cameron knew that the shame had been kept from Mary's knowledge. He had such entire confidence in the perfect loyalty and truthfulness of her love that he knew she would never willingly permit him to ally himself with disgrace. Was he to be the one to tell ber thia shameful secret which had been withheld from her knowledge with such jealous care? He felt that he could not do it. There remained a faint chapce chat his uncle might yet be won over. The next evening- when ancle .and nephew were sitting in the library, Fred brought dowA/ius porttolio«nd hegan to show Mr. Fraser the nature 'bf the sub jects he was working at. The two fell into talk, and Mr. Fraser's delight was so evident over the increasing feigns of his nephew's ability that Fred thqnght he might persuade the old man into relenting, ' Who is this?' Mr. Fraser said, after they had been examining the drawings for some time, alluding to the picture uti was vucu uuiuiug AU uia nnUM. . It was a little water-colour sketch of a fair, fresh English free, with a fore head of great capability, shaded by crisp brown hair, and soft dreamy eyes looking out from a hugs sua bonnet wreathed, with a. garland ot natural flowers. 'I' do not think £ ever saw a more beautiful face,' Mr. Fnuer west on, without waiting for Fred's reply. Cameron was in truth in no harry to reply, for on the next few minutes great issues hung. He joined with his uncle in praise of the girl'e beiuty, spoke of her as an image of truth and innocence, and avowed that he had not done half justice to the exquisite face, but prom ised that wfaeD next be came down he would bring with him a finished picture of what was meant to be no more than the rough sketch, until he contrived to inoculate Mr. Fraser with something of his own enthusiasm. ' But all this time you do not tell me the name of this paragon,' Mr. Fraser said, managing at last to interject a question. ' That is Mary Harmer, sir,' Fred ex claimed in a low tone, whilst the hot blood roshed to his face. Mr. Fraser drew back, and then with tightly-compressed lips replied, as he replaced the sketch in the port folio, ' I might have gnessed as much. You have taken me off my guard by a kind of trick ; but 1 recall nothing of what I said last night. Da not speak of it agaiD.' And Fred seeing that his ancle was obdurate, bowed a stiff assent, and the prohibited topic was not again referred to. (To bt continued, in our next. 