The Three Spectres of Coffin Creek ; OR, THE FHAHTOBJS OF THE SULLY. A STOUT OP CHRISTMAS, 1832. _By MáitK Antont.] Eight years ago, aye, just eight year3 past, on the 24th of this month. How shoit the time seems, as I hark back to that period even now, and bow real-how horribly real and vivid do the incidents of that awful time appear. Yes, I can yet recall that tiuip. I have started in the dead hours of the night often since then, aud_ have shuddered with horror as, in dreams, I again went through those awful hours. Gcd ! How comes it that the blood-curdling terrors of an hour must haunt us through life, waking or sleep- ing, while the memory of our joys will pass away with the moment that gave them birth ! What philosophy will account for it ? By what lines can it be explained? I turn from it in shuddering horror, as beyond human ken, and submit to the readers my story of that terrible night. In the summer of 1882, I found myself in Lismore, on the north arm of the Richmond River, a careless, happy-go-lucky youngster, with more leisure than common-sense, and with no definite purpose in view save a desire co ''see the country" and gain *' colonial experience," i.e, to enjoy myself thoroughly in whatever place the moments found me, and laugh at Care in whatever guise he appeared. I had just parted with a dear companion, roy comrade in many a happy and adventurous hour, and although I felt his loss I envied not his condition. He had left me in the middle of our happy wanderings, lured by a pair of bright eyes, and a gentle voice, and now I was alone. For the previous three months I had been lounging about in the various townB on the river-now at Casino, anon at Coraki, then down to "Woodburn, Ballina, and so on, till at last I had pulled up at Lismore on the north arm-all the scenes on the river beginning to pall on me, and my mind made up to strike north, over the Night- cap Mountain, and visit the lonely valleys of the Tweed. I had heard often of the wild and rugged beauties of this solitary mountain road, of the dark, mysterious ravines among the hills, of awsome gullies and dizzy steeps, and the bald and dreary summit of the desolate mountain towering lonely and giand over all. I was told to stand on the top of the Night-cap, and watch the sun appear away far over the wilderness of forests, and to mark the glory of his rays as they struck, and turned into belts of molten gold, the waters of the Richmond away in the valley to my left, and the Tweed with her many tributaries to the north. I waB told, too, of a lonely and deserted bush cottage, deep down in one of the many ravines that furrow the mountain road, and was warned to camp on the wind-beaten summit of the Night-cap itself, rather than in that thrice-accursed dwelling. No living creature ventured, even in broad daylight, within its shelter -not even the hungry native dog would invade its ruined garden plot. It stood there alone and terrible, an unhallowed excrescence on the green bosom of the gully-for the brand of murder and violence was on it, and the dark bloodstains of a terrible crime yet stained its floor and walls. In the dead watches of the night its rooms were said to be the scene of wild and ghastly revels, and shrieks and cries that were not of this earth, had been heard to pierce the darkness from its hated gloom. Horrid blue vapours and corpse-lights would gleam and flit from its broken windows and doors, and mad, unhallowed bursts of hellish glee were often borne to the ears of the belated traveller. Yes, truly, according to local tradition, it was a dread, uncanny spot j and good " mother "Watson," with whom I had been boarding since my arrival in Lismore, gave me many a solemn warning to avoid its accursed door. " Te see, sonny," she said, " hit's no good to go temptin' o' Providence-no good at all, an' so ye'll say if ye venture near ' Black Alfs' 'ouse. He wor a 'orrid wretch, he wor ; an' there be ole folks roun' here yet, as mind o' bim quite well. He murdered his pore wife an' his own brother through jelersey, in that same 'ouse, an' w'en the p'lice went'r ketch'm 'e shot 'is self through the black 'art-. Oh, I know as 'ow ye say that ye don't believe in ghostses, an' sech ; but I tell ye, don't make too shure o' that philosophy. There be stranger things in iven an' harth. Te knows wot I mean, an' if ye take my advice ye'll keep away furn Black Alfs, o' nights in particular." " Mrs. Watson," I said, " I thank you for your advice, but I have not the least notion of taking it. I have no belief -in such silly yarns, and if I can reach this haunted house of yours before nightfall I shall pass my Christmas Eve beneath its awful roof-tree. Black Alf may bave been all of the villain you claim for him while in life-while in life, you know, Mrs. Watson ¡ but now that he's dead, you'll pardon me if I refuse to ' shin round,' out of the way of his spirit. In my wanderings I have never yet had the honour of meeting a real ghost. I bave seen them, you know, but on inves- tigation they always turned out mala fide-poor, contemptible, shoddy frauds, Mrs. Watson, and now when there eeerns a chance of falling in with the real bona fide article, you surely would not be so cruel as to forbid me to examine it. Well, good bye, dear madam. ïf the ghost of Black Alt is a social ghost there is brandy enough in my saddle hags for us both-aye, and for the ghosts of his martyred relations,, too, and if he is a surly ghost, or like to be quarrelsome in any way, I'll just simply riddle him with bullets out of this re- volver." Poor Mrs. Watson shook her head in a sad, reproving way, and bidding me good- bye, turned away to hide her laughter, while I, putting spurs to my horse, cantered off in the direction of the Tweed River road. The hour was about 7 p.m.-my favourite time for starting on a journey when the nights were clear, and I was told that about four hours' gentle riding would bring me to the summit of the hills, at which point I meant to camp, so as to witness the beauties of next morning's Bunrise from thp top of the famous Night-cap mountain. It was a wild, weird road, away up among those dreary hills, sometimes clinging to the faco of the almost perpendicular cliffs, and again climbing over the crest of some mighty ridge where' the roots of the tall eucalyptus trees brushed your shoulder on one side, and the topmost branches .of those on the other side were in a line with your stirrup-iion. Occasionally the dull, thunderous roar of a mountain torrent would break on the ear, and afar off on the dark bosom of the hill, the white, woolly foam, would be seen rushing and leaping toward the lower country. Bajd and rugged promontories of red-gray sand- stone jutted out here and there, that seemed, from a distance, to bar all further travel on the road, and it was only when you neared them that you could see the white streak of the road, as it wound along their dizzy faces. It was a wild and savage scene-a region of grand and awful desolation, and of which might well be written-a land of Crags, knolls, and peaks, confusedly hurled The fragments of an earlier world. The hour was about midnight, when I at length trailed up my tired horse at the bottom of the verj highest peak of that mighty ridge of hills, and I knew that the Night-cap lay before me. Ten \ minutes' riding would now bring me to the top, se I I determined to go no further till morning, hub to I at once locate 3!a¿k Alfs ruined house, and camp I «there for the night. I had no trouble in finding I the steep little ravine thnt led down to it, and had just dismounted to lead my horse down when the sound of hoof-strokes coming over the ridge met my ear, and I knew that some other traveller was approaching. " Now, by all that's lucky," I said, " I am going to have a companion after all." I carne back on to the road instantly, prepared to bail the traveller, whom I could now perceive riding,down to where I stood, at a pretty smart 1 trot. He was evidently coming from the Tweed ; and, from the rate he was coing at, it did not seem as if he meant to camp yet awhile. 1 waited till he was almost abraast of mo, and then seeing that he did not notice me back ¡n the shadow of the trees, I gavo him a cheery hail. I shall never forget the look of white, quivering horror that leapt into his ruddy face, nor the sharp jerk with whick he brought his horse back to his haunches as spon as he caught the sound of my voice. For an instant he sat there and glared at me as if turned ' to stone, and then his bloodless lips and husky voies formed the words, " In God's name, who are you ?" "Well, now," I cried, wonderingly, "that is good. Why, man, what is the matter with you ? You look as scared as if you thought me a bush- ranger." " Bushranger be d--d," he muttered, as be alid off his horse and leaned his head on the saddle. "Bushranger. Ha! No, but dem-mc if I didn't think ye wor the devil." " Oh ! go on, now," I said, " you are quite a flatterer, old man. How d'ye manage to trace the resemblance?" He looked at me in a puzzled sort of way for a moment, and then giving a gasp or two as if he had been running, and was out of breath, said, " Mate, ye guv me the wust scare just now I ever had in my life. D'ye know where yer stan din' ? and if ye do what in the blazes d'ye mean by it ? This- let me inform you," he continued, impres- sively, and pointing down to the gully, " This is the entrance to Coffin Creek, an' down thar about 400 yards is a house, the house of Black Alf, the murderer j and I tell ye, stranger, there are more ghosts and goblins in that house than there are days in the year, so now d'ye understand why I tnk ye for the devil ?" " Now, for goodness sake," I cried, " don't you begin to tell me that you believe that silly old yarn. Why man, at the moment I heard you coining I was just on my way to that very house to camp for the night." " Ye wor ?" " I certainly was !" " And d'ye know the story of that place ?" he , enquired. I " Pah !" I said, " of course I do. I heard all those old yarns, but I don't believe a word of them. In fact it was on a ;count of those very rumours that I determined on going." The traveller paused for a moment, and gazed curiously in my face, as if trying to determine if I was in earnest. Then, being apparently satisfied, he lowered his voice almost to a whisper, and peering down the gully, remarked "Well, I dunno, sir, I've heerd some awful stories o' that same house- horrible, blood-curdling stories, an' although I wouldn't like to see ye goin' down there to camp all by yerself, still I don't think as I'd like to go with ye. Say," he con- tinued, with great animation, " there's a splendid campin' place back here about a mile. I was just goin' to camp there myself. What say if we go back to it." " No," I said, " most decidedly not. The night is changing, as you can perceive, and we'll have a thunderstorm before long, and in any ca6e, I'm de- termined to sleep in this hannted house, just to show that it is all a parcel of rot." " Well, lad, here's with you. As you say, dem me, wot's about a ghost. I nuvvur seed any o' them ghosts myself, and so p'raps there ain't sech a thing. C'm'long, I'll lead the way, goblins or no goblins." " Now, that is what I call sensible," I said ; and, following my new friend, a walk of a few minutes brought us to a level green plateau at the foot of the chine. A clear belt of gleaming water made a half circle round this verdant little glade, and then meandered away among the brush. At the upper end of the little clearing stood a neat, four-roomed cottage, with a shingled roof, and the door hanging loose by the lower hinge. No trace of the usual vegetable garden now remained, save a few ghost- like posts standing here and there on the level sward, and a pile of old slabs in a further corner of the glade, alone indicated where the stable had been. Wo were at Coffin Creek at last, and the haunted house of Black Alf was before us. My companion now made way for me to precede him, and, leading my horse up to the door, I hung him up on a ring in one of the slabs, and strode into the haunted dwelling.What was it that seemed to catch and enfold me, even in that first moment. What senseless horror is this I feel stealing over me ? Bah ! Curse it ! I will not give into it. I stamped my foot wrathfully on the floor, and swore that no silly, old woman's yarn, would thus be allowed to influence me. The awful terror that had seemed to harrow my very soul now wore gradually off; and I smiled bitterly as I thought on how nearly I was to acting the part of a weak, superstitious fool. " Heavens," I muttered, "could I ever imagine that such non- sense had made this impression on me ?" My very blood had seemed to freeze in my veins, and my breath to come in short, smothered gasps, and for that brief instant I had felt my knees tremble, as with the ague. I kicked myself-of course in a figurative sense, and striking a match ignited a piece of candle which I had with me, and placed it on the mantel-piece. My new comrade now entered, carrying his saddle and swag, and with quite a subdued look in his eye, but remembering my own late panic, I took no notice of it, and going out prepared to unsaddle my own horse. I was soon done, and I was just after putting the hobbles cn him, when a gasping cry from the interior reached me, and the next instant my companion reeled out in the moonlight, his face haggard and drawn, and his eyes starting from his head, while his arms seemei to hang limp and helpless from his shoulders. Ho reeled over to me, and catching my hand, whispered huskily : " I say, mate, for th' Lord's sake let us get out o' here ! Come-come in with me, mate, till I get my saddle, and then let us clear. I nuvvur can stay in that horrid place." "Now, what nonsense!" I said, "whatever is the matter with you, man ? Here, have a drink of this brandy." He was shaking like a leaf, but took the bottle and drank some of the liquor. "Now," I continued, "don't be a ninny. There is nothing here to touch us only our own silly fears. Whatever was the matter with you?" " Oh, I'm blessed if I kin tell yer, mate. Kern all over shaky and sick like, an'-an'-oh, I dunns how I felt, but I'm all right again. Yes, well let's git some timber, and git on a big fire, and then we kin hev tea, and-yes, yes, I dessay it wor on'y my own Billy thoughts, but all the same ye won't leave me in there alone enymore. Oh no, not much ye won't." I readily promised him this, and helping our- selves to another drink each of the brandy, we soon had plenty of wood blazing up on the hearth, and a boiling billy of tea was not long in following. Our horses were feeding quietly on the rich herbage near, and so, disposing ourselves on our blankets as close to the fire as to be comfortable, and with the brandy bottle between us we were soon as happy as a pair of crickets, and all our late fears were forgotten. Jim, that was my com- panion's name, was on the way to Lismore to spend his Christmas holidays with his parents, he being employed as a chain-man to a party of-surveyors on the Tweed. He was a fine, manly young ohap, and we were soon on the most intimate terms, and -passed the time giving each other a brief sketch of our lives, and discussing the brandy, with which we were both fairly supplied. He explained to me that he had put off till it was too late in starting away from Murwillumbah. " But what did it matter now. I'm as happy here, Tom, as if I wor in Lismore, for I've met a jolly good chum, and I'll km hev it ter say when I goes 'onie that I camped in Black Alfs cabin, and nuvvur seed a b-ghost either-." A wild, unearthly shriek of agony pealed through the room, as my companion ceased speaking. A Bhriek so horrible and loud that my heart ceased to beat, and I felt my fleBh creep on my bones with unconquerable horror. My comrade's under jaw had fallen at the first awful sound of that hellish voice, and as I sprang to my feet I waB justin time to catch him from rolling into the fire in a dead faint. "My God!" I muttered, "what can it mean? What demon power is over us ?" I laid my in- sensible chum on his blanket, and was proceeding 0 sprinkle his face with water when again that readful scream filled the rostu. My hair rose on I end with unutterable horror, and the great sweat drops rolled over my brow as I cowered beneath the awful sound. Chilled to the soul I gazed around the room, but nothing save the bare walls, stained in many places with that dark and fatal stain, met my eye. " Can such things be ?" I muttered. " Is there can there-? But, no! A thousand times no! It is some vile trick, some damnable piece of villainy, and I will not have it !" I seized my revolver and dashed into the other rooms, the light of madness in my eye, and my blood rushing in hot torrents through my veins. " It's a lie !" I shouted. " A miserable, cowardly, cruel lie, and I hore dare the cowardly villains who aro acting it to como forth aud show themselves ?" Again that dreadful shriek rang out, and froze my very soul, but I was mad, yes, literally mad, and clutching the pistol I dashed into the open glade and dared them-aye, even were it the legions of darkness, to appear in palpable form. Even in that awful hour of horror my eye took in every object of the glade. I saw the dark fringe of woods, the shining belt of the creek, the broken remains of the old fence, and the forms of our two horses in the open. These latter, I noticed, were not feeding now. They wore standing, with bends erect, and trembling flanks in the corner farthest from the house, and even at that distance I could catch the wild gleam of terror in their eyes, and hear the short, terrified snorts, they emitted. Nothing else met my eye-no ghastly, grinning inhabitant of the grave. Tet the awful dread that filled me was none the less. I turned into the accursed house once more, and knelt by tho side of my still unconscious chum. Not a motion of his breast denoted that he_ yet lived. His face was palo and ghastly, and his eyes half closed, and the balls turned up, and his body was rigid as that of a deadman. "Oh, Heavens!" I groaned, "am I alone in this horrible place with a dead man ?" " Alone with the dead." The whisper eeemed in my very ear-a fierce, exultant, fiendiali whisper and as I started away in dread, and glanced towards, the fire, I was conscious of a great change in my surroundings. A cheerful fire was now burning in the polished grate, and the place was furnished in the usual comfortable style of a bush parlour where a woman presides. A large table filled the space in the centre of the room, covered with a nice green cloth, and there were a great number of nicely bound books set up at each corner. My fears now seemed gradually to subside, and to lose that more awful species of creeping dread that comes to us all when we feel we are face to face with the supernatural. It was a cheerful, homely Bcene, I now beheld, and although I had still a dim con- sciousness of the past horrors, and felt that what I now gazed upon was not of this earth, I was yet comparatively calm. An old cottage time-piece on the shelf gave a warning whirr. I looked, and as I did so it struck one. There was a rustle at the door as of a woman's dress, and the next instant a young, good-looking female, entered hurriedly, her hands clasped in front of her breast, and a wild, hunted look, in her eyes, The sound of a horse's hoofs now struck on my ear, and the woman, too, seemed to hear them, for she started convulsively and moaned in a helpless, tertor stricken way, her eyes fixed on the door. " Oh, Heaven save me !" she wailed, " 'Tis he ! 'Tis he !" A savage volley of brutal oaths now rang out from the door, and it was kicked off the hinges, and a man entered-a dark, brutal-looking man, with the awful glare of murder in his drunken eye, and the foam of unbridled passion working from his animal mouth. Uttering a foul oath he sprang on the helpless woman, and twisting his left hand in the tresses of her beautiful dark hair, he dragged her off her feet, and with her head on the corner of the table. " Oh, spare me, Alf. Don't murder me !" It was her last cry. The former brutal word was again hurled at her, and the next instant the right arm of the murderer rose in the air-the hand holding a butcher's cleaver-and was brought down with a dull crunching sound on the head of the victim. The wild shriek of mortal agony again rang out on the night, and was followed by a rush of feet from a back room, and another man dashed into the room. One horrified glance was all he had time to give, when again the arm of the murderer rose on high. The blood-stained cleaver again descended, and as the man turned to fly he was cleft to the neck. A fiendish peal of laughter followed. The crash as of a thousand falling thunderbolts shook the air, and again all was still. All the pent-up horror of the scene now rushed ovor my soul. The room now assumed its former dreary look, and in the corner, still prone on his blanket, lay my late comrade. I sprang to my feet, and clutched my hair, and shrieked aloud in my agony, but only the dull echoes of the bare walls gave back my cries. Again I raved and blasphemed in my madness, and hurled forth my wild challenge, then sank exhausted by my uncon- scious mate, the revolver clutched in my right hand, and my frenzied eyes glaring into the dim and terrible gloom. Slowly a strange, bluish light, stole into the darkness, revealing each object with ghastly distinctness, and playing on the face of my inanimate companion, as if to yet further harrow my soul with the sight. Then a dread procession began to slowly emerge from the inner room and wind its way over the floor. First.came the mur- dered woman, her eyes turned imploringly on me, and her face and the upper part of her dress drenched in gore. She took up a position near the door and was followed by the nian who had been second to receive his death wound. The severed portions of his head were lying back on his blood- stained shoulders, and the cleaver-the awful instrument of both crimes-was yet embedded in his neck. The murderer came last, his saturnine face convulsed with an awful agony. A smoking revolver was in his hand, and the front of his vest was splashed with blood, while from three separate places on his breast the red life-current was spout- ing forth. He ranged up beside the others, his glassy eyes fixed on me, and his finger pointing in triumph to his victims. "Oh, Heaven!" I cried, "will these horrors never pass away ? Am I to be driven mad-mad ! Fence devils, begone ! Off ! off ! I say ! I will not give in to ye." I again Bprang to my feet, and emptied the six chambers of my revolver among the horrible group. Only the same wild, blood- curdling shriek rewarded my efforts. The bloody phantoms faded gradually away, and a faint grey light stealing in through the broken window warned me that the blessed light of day was coming. With an almost superhuman effort I caught my comrade under the arms and dragged him out of that accursed place, and down through the dewy grass and the sweet morning light, to the bank of the creek. Then overtaxed nature refused further to assist me, and I sank fainting and unconscious by his side. "Well, my story is told. I was brought to myself at the end of about a couple of hours, by my friend, who had, it seems, recovered in the interval, and i the blessed sun was pouring down his rays on the glade, and driving off the black horrors, of the night. The strangest part of the story was that my chum had, it appeared, gone through all the terrors that I have described while I had, according to his story, been the unconscious one. No, it was no vision of sleep. The six chambers of my revolver wero found empty, and I saw the bullet mark in the slabB where had stood the spectre group. Jim and I saddled up our horses, and then, having gathered armfuls of brushwood, we Bet fire to that accursed house, and rode off on our separate routes, as the enveloping flames leaped through its shingles. I have never heard since that any other travellers had ever again been scared by "The Three Specties of Coffin Creek."_ 