PRIMITIVE METHODIST ANNUAL CONFERENCE. (Continued from page 8.J ThtUti tiat. Tbe Oonferenoe tea meeting was held in the Moonta Mines Primitive Methodist school room on Monday evening. There was a numerous attendance. After the tea the annual Conference home mission meeting was held in the church in the presence of a large congregation. Mr. H. Bower, of Rorth Adelaide, presided, and contributed an earnest address. Addresses were also given by the Kev. H. J. Pope on 'Holy Ghost power and the fatherhood of God,' by the Re*. S. Wellington on *' How to save man,' and by the Rev. J. G. Wright on 'The triumphs of tbe GospeL' Daring the evening the secretary of the musionary committee, the Rev. J. H. Williams, presented the annual report, which showed that in missionary enterprise the denomination was aggressive, and although the mission stations as a whole in this colony were not strong yet they were endeavoring to cope successfully with their many difficulties, A warm tribute was paid to the colonial missionaries who had labored bard under trying circumstances, A vote of thanks to the friends who had provided homes for tbe delegates was moved by the Rev, John Goodwin, and seconded by Mr. G. Thtbelton. The church oboir during the evening contributed musical selections under Mr. J. Hodge, Fotjbih Day. It was decided that as Mount Barker had taken the oversight of the Wellington stations the name of Wellington be dropped from the lifit of stations. The state of the chapels were read and considered satisfactory. The trustees of properties not insured were urgently re quested to get them insured. It was also decided to remit the question of forming a South Australian Primitive Methodist In enrance Society to the district chapel com mittee ; a report to be presented to tbe next Conference. The missionary allocation committee's report was read and adopted, and levies for tbe district chapel fund were fixed. The Rev. John Watson, of Cheater, England, was elected delegate to the next English Con ference, and. the Rev. George Warner, of St. AuBtel, Cornwall, England, waB appointed vice-delegate, Missionary deputations in aid of tbe home mivsion funds were appointed. The hnal reading of stations resulted as follows : — Adelaide, John Gibbon Wright j North Adelaide. Hugh Gilmore; Norwood, Stephen Wellington; Parkeide, Jobn Goodwin, Walter Howohin (cup.); Mount Barker, Henry Hartley, Edward Tear (sup); Kooringa, Robert J. Daddow; Salisbury, Samuel Gray; Saddle worth, W. R. StephenBon ; Strathalbyn, Wil liam Jarrett; Kadina, Joseph J. Salmon; Woodeide, William Diment ; Gawler, William T. Wiltshire; Two Wells, Henry J, Pope ; Moonta, Thomas Weatherill; RedbiU. Henry Holmes ; Mallala, Arthur W. Wellington; Yongala, Henry J. Parkinson Prospect, James H. Williams; Broken Hill, Arthur J. Burt ; Port Adelaide, Samuel Ray mond; Laura, Thomas Theobald; Kapunde, left with the missionary committee ; Morgan, John WUIb ; Dawson, John P. Lawton j Fort Broughton, Archibald N, McDonald; Kan mantoo Richard Jackson; Mannum, Henry Parkinson; South Broken Hill, Thomas Allan. The Rev. Wm, Diment was appointed the general committee delegate for the next Con ference. A statement was made by the Rev. Mr, Dihent concerning the local denominational magazine, which was considered highly satis factory. it was resolved that a letter be sent to Mr, George Robinson, of Caltowie, expressing tbe sympathy fit the Oonferenoe with him in bis illness and consequent inability to Attend the Conference meetings. A hope was expressed that he would shortly be restored to his accustomed health. The question of tbe Intercolonial Conference came under diBcntsion. It was decided that it be held in the Wellington-square Ohuroh, North Adelaide, on Friday, October 3. The basiB of representation for this colony is four ministers and six laymen, as fixed by the Eotr lish Oonferenoe. The Revs. Hugh Gilmore, J. G. Wright, W. Diment, and J. Goodwin were elected as ministerial delegates, with the Revs. J, H, Williams, H. J. Pope, T. Weatberill, and S. Wellington as their vice, The election of laymen was postponed to the following day. The Rev. J, G. Wright having carefully considered the matter of his appointment as agent for tbe newly-initiated jubilee fund desired on account of bis advancing years, and the heavy labors and continuous travelling associated with the position, to present his resignation as agent. To this the Oonferene with regret agreed; The resolution that an agent be appointed for this fund was rescinded, sad it was decided that there should be several secretaries, with a chief secretary bb the recog referred to a commiilee toSefoVFafHTla^ra' stage of the Conference. It was arranged that the next annual Con ference should be held in the Morphett street Chnrcb, Adelaide! on February 21, 1891. On Tuesday evening a good congregation assembled in tbe Moonta Mines Primitive Methodist Church, when the Rev. Henry Par kinson was admitted to the full ministry. The Rev. T. Weatherill delivered the charge, whioh was thoughtful and interesting. The Rev, John Goodwin and the Rev. H. Parkinson also addressed the meeting. A special feature in the meeting waa a presentation to Mr. Parkinson. Fifih Day, The following were elected as lay delegates to the forthcoming intercolonial Conference :— Messrs. W. Diment, O. Dunn, G. Robinson, S. Stanton, W. B. Clarke, and J. Peters, with Messrs. W. W. Winwood, D. R. Goldsmith, J. P. Rowe, E. Hender, G. Marshman, and G. Woodward as their vice. The Revs, W. Diment and R. J. Daddow were appointed examiners of the candidates for the ministry, and the Revs. A. J. Burt, John Goodwin, J. G. Wright, and A. W. Welling ton were appointed the examiners for proba tioners. The Revs. H. Gilmore, and H, J. Pope wf re elected Conference examiners! The RevB. H. J. Pope and A. W. Welling ton were appointed auditors, The other officers were elected as follows : — Editors of the Connexional magazines, Rev. Hugh Gilmore and W. Diment; publisher, Rev. J. H, Williams; book steward, Rev. J. H. Williams ; diBtriot treasurer, Mr. W. Diment, J.P; The newly-elected general committee delegate (the Rer. Wm. Diment) waB elected treasurer of the Conference and other funds. The book depot directorate vaa reappointed. The district, building, publishing, equalisation fund, fur nishing fund, and missionary committees of the last year were reappointed. The general sec retary and treasurer were re elected. * In connection with the jubilee movement it was decided to divide the colony into several districts, a central meeting being held in each district. Tbe Revs. J. G. Wright and H. Gilmore were appointed tbe deputations, and Mr. W. Diment was appointed treasurer of the movement. It was further resolved that the ministers and station stewards of the various circuits be tbe committees of their several districts Tbe Revs, Wm. Diment and J. Goodwin were appointed general secretaries of the fund. Each district will make arrange ments for its own deputations, committees, and meetings as early as possible. The Rev. J. H. Williams was appointed secretary of the Ade laide district, the Rev. Wm. Diment of the southern district, the Rev. A, W. Wellington of the central district, tbe Rev. R. J. Daddow of the northern district, the Rev. T. Weatherill of tbe Ycuke'e Peninsula district, and the Rev, A. J. Burt of tbe Barrier district. It was decided that Tipperaborough be added to the lifit of stations and be placed under the care of the missionary committee. The Rev. R. J. Daddow moved—' That we, in Conference assembled, representing 114 churches and about 12,000 adherents, enter our protest against the present attempt to secure a capitation grant for private schools. We do so believing — 1. That subsidising private schools will be detrimental to the in terests of popular education; 2. That it will be prejudicial to the maintenance of religious equality ; and 3. It will operate unfavorably againBt tbe goodwill and peace of She com munity.' He believed that although the pre sent system of education waB not perfect it was tbe best we could prooure at the present time and met tbe requirements of the colony. The Rev. J. G. Weight seconded the motion, which was carried nem. eon. ^?i-iU'i&lS; It waB reBolved on the motion of Mr. W. W7 Wikwood— 'That this Conference, viewing the amonnt of sorrow and distress caused by the traffic in BtroDg drink in South Australia, would urge upon the Legislature the necessity of passive a local option Act.' The Rev. John Goodwin moved — 'That this Conference, representing 114 churches and about 12,0(0 adherents, support the proposal of tbe Government to equalise the provision of tbe Divorce Aot in extension to^males and females, but we protest strongly against the propored extension of the grounds for divorce.' TbeBev. H. J. Pofx seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. Instruction was given that copies of, these resolutions should bo sent to the Premier and tbe representatives of the Wallaroo district. The president laid before the meeting the claims of the New Connexions! Orphanage at Arleefotd, Dorsetshire. England. . A good response was made to his appe- | Thanks were presented to tue Rev. A. J. Burt for his able Conference sermon, and to tbe Rev. T. Weatherill for his ordination charge. It was resolved that they should be printed. Votes of thanks were also given to to tbe Hons. J. H. Angaa and G. G. Hawker, and Memrs. J. M. MoBride and Drew & Oo. for their contributions toward the osnnexional fnndB. On the motion ol the Rev. J. G. Weight it was resolved— 'That the thanks of the Conference be presented to the Hon. J. H. Areas for hit kindness in lending without icttnet £200 to the trust ot our AieMtde church.' Thanks were also given to the secre tary of ths missionary committee (Rev. J, H. Williams} for hia report at the missionary meeting to Mr. W. Diment for services ren dered as general treasurer, and to the varions officials of the Conference, and to tbe press. As a token of the respect ol the Conference for the late Rev. Wm. Jenkin in a very short period sufficient was raised to erect a memorial to bis memory. In the evening the last of the series of public gatherings in connection with the Conference assembled in 'the Mines Church to bear the president of the Conference, the Rev. Hugh Gilmore, lecture upon 'Gladstone, the trae Conservative.' Mr. W. W. Winwood pre sided. There were about a thousand persons present, and the meeting waa of a moit enthu siastic character. 