MUSIC AND THIS DRAMA. AT HOME AND ABROAD. The death of Dion Boucicault, cabled during the week, has been received witb general regret by playgoers in Australin. It is hardly too much to suy that three consecutive months seldom pass without :ue revival on our stage of one or other of the works written by this prolific dramatist. At this moment hia drama "The Long Strike" is in rehearsal at Her Majesty's Theatre, "After Dark" has not long been withdrawn from the same house, whilst at the other leading theatres bis plays have been made equally familiar iu times past. One of tbe three or four score pieces he wrote was originally cast in this country, namely— "The Jilt." This five-act comedy was produced for the first time ou nny stage at tbe Theatre Royal on October 8, 1885, when it achieved a success of esteem largely duo to tbe spirit witb which tbe nulhor played as Miles O'Harn, the cbivnlrous jockey. Few can recall without a smile the scene in which Kitty Woodstock, horrified at tbe con duct of her treacherous lover, sobbed out to the sympathetic 0'Hara"0b, I have been deceived, and by such a serpent !" The answer, "Faith, Madame, and I fancy the first woman made much the same complaint 1" always " brought down the boose," a result due chiefly to the air of half-roguish simplicity with which Mr. Boucicanlt delivered tho lines. This pro duction closed one of tbe most memorable dramatic seasons this city ba9 witnessed. Mr. Boucicault on August 29, 1885, gave a really wonderful revival of "The Shaughraun," in which the tenderness, grace nud humor of tbe love- scenes between Conn and Moya (the author and Mis9 Nina Boucicault) proved irresistibly ' captivating. Tbo same evening Mr. D. G. Boucicault (Harvey Duff) nnd Miss Agnes Thomas (Ciairc Ffolliotj also made their d6bfll before a Sydney audience, whilst Mr. Titkerndge played Captaiu Molyncux, Mr. 1 H. H. Vincent, Kinchela and Mr. Herbert Flemming, Robert— probably one of tbe strongest casts Mr. Boucicault ever got together for the piece. Off the stage the deceased nctor was a man of genial well-bred manners and a very 41 easy " man to interview. He first Innded in Australia on the afternoon of Friday, July 8, 1885, and at once gave audience to tbe preseut writer. He was on that occasion very disgusted with tho Zealandin, and on bciug playfully asked whether be was aware that that vessel was looked upou as tho pride of the Pacific, replied with a merry chuckle, 44 I'm sorry for the other ships, then, that's all." The stage owes much to Dion Boucicault, and this is pro bably the thonght most uppermost io the general mind now that "after life's fitful fever he sleeps well." Mmc. Marian Burton's connection with Miss Nellie Stewart's Comic Opera Company baa in troduced her to the Sydney public io a depart ment of ber art to which she has been a stranger in other parts of the world. Thus her appear ance at Mr. Best's organ recital this evening will merely restore her to her proper place in tbe musical sphere. Mme. Burton, who, like Miss Lilian Tree and many other singers who have visited us, has been a distinguished student of the Royal Academy of Music, made ber pro fessional ddbut in tbe concert-room, appearing witb Mr. Sims Reeves throughout one of bis provincial tours. She had, whilst at tbe Academy, beeu recommended by Mr. Randeg- ger to tbe notice of the late Carl Rosa, and at the end of the concert tour joined the English Opera Company, making her first stage appear ance (in 1882) as tbe Queen in "The Bohemian Girl." Tbe feature in the rendering was the restoration of the song Balfo wrote for Lhe second act, "Love Smiles but .to Deceive," in which tbe young contralto made a great snc- cess. She remained four years with Mr. Carl Rosa playing Carmen, tCberubino ("Marriage of Figaro") and many other rOles. Her Australian flcoui was in connection wita tue metropolitan Liedertafel of Melbourne, when that society welcomed Governor and Countess Hopetoun in a musical festival on December 10 last. The as tateJMr.R .S.Smythe then stepped in and secured tbe handsome contralto for tbo Santley Con certs, and her success being again phenomenal sbe wns engaged to sing with Mr. Santley in the performances of the "Elijah " by tbe Phil harmonic Society. In private life Mme. Burton is an apt conversationalist, and ready with interesting reminiscences of tbe various " stars" sbe has met. Sho tells ns 1 "I bad tbe pleasure of meeting Mme. Sainton Dolby once at a concert given by Mr. John Foster, when I sang the great contralto's own ballad 'He thinks I do not love him/ Mme. Sainton sought me oat afterwards, say ing, 4 My dear, I should not have known the song, yon so beautifully transformed it,' and book bands witb me very warmly. You say you beard me on tbe first nigbt of Dr. A. C. Mackenzie's opera 'The Troubadour' in London four years ago, so you will bear me out that as Azalais I got the only encore of the eveuing with the beautiful song ' The Dawn that Comes too Soon. All the other artists wore indeed disgusted with their parts, which merely Formed a kind of vocal accompaniment to tbe rich and varied orchestration. Mr. Rosa declared we all deserved gold medals for learning snch difficult music! Before our interview closes I should like to say that my relations with Miss Stewart have been of tbe most friendly nature. My engagement was for six months, and 39 I came out here for a holiday I do not care to renew it. Concert-room singing is merely pleasant relaxa tion by comparison." Mr.'Kyrle Bellow writes to announce bis safe arrival in Adelaide, and adds : 44 Our pros pects here arc good and there seems a great deal of curiosity about us. Mrs. Potter nud myself have both been interviewed at great length nnd the general feeling is that we are likely to have a good season, nowever, tbe strike has crippled us a good deal, as it is almost impossible to get tbe scenery over. We had an ovation ou our closing night in Mel bourne, over which the papers were entirely silent. Mrs. Potter and 1 were called and pelted with flowers several times after each act, and were called 11 times after the final fall of tbe curtain— an unprecedented thing, tbey say, in Melbourne. This scene occurred over 4 Camille.' which the Sydney press and people liked and which Melbourne people also liked, but which their preaB damned, as you know. We shall play 4 Romoo and Juliet' and 4 Hero and Leauder' in Sydney, and we think your playgoers will welcome us in these pieces, which will be beautifully staged. 4 As You Like Tt' would involve no fresh study for rae, as I played Orlando to Mi#s Litton's Rosalind in England, but, as you know, it would bo new to Mrs. Potter, so that tbe question of reviving it during our next stay in Sydney is only one of what Dr. Johnson might call 4 tbe potenti alities of tbe future.'" 44 Antigone," Mendelssohn's music to which was performed by the Sydney Liedertafel on Wednesday, continues tho story of " GCdipus tho Tyrant," the beBt known of the 120 trage dies written by Sophocles. The mythological fable is full of interest. CEdipus was pre ordained to slay his own father aud marry his own mother, and accordingly at his birth was suspended by a twig that pierced his heel (hence the noute, which means "swollen beel ") from a tree on Mount Catheneon. How he was unexpectedly rescued by a shepherd and taken to Corinth, and how he finally fulfilled the Fate's decree need not be related, but it may be worth while to revive the rccollcctiou of his encounter with the Sphinx that ravaged the kingdom of Thebes, because it is a capital story. The Sphinx asked a riddle upon the solution of which depended tbe life of the answerer. Here it is. 44 What animal is that which in the morning walks upon four feet, at noon upon two, and in tbe evening upon three"? To this Gidipus replied, 41 Man ; who in tbe morning of life walks upon his feet and bands, in tbe midday of life upon two feofc, and in tbe eveuing of old age upon two feet and leans upon his stall', which forms a third." Therenpou the Sphinx gave up the ghost in disgust ! Antigone, as everyone will remember, was tho daughter of the uubappy CEdipus. Fresh interest will be given to this afternoon's orchestral concert under Signor Hazon's direction by the debut of M. Deslouis, the baritone of whom we spoke last week. M. Deslouis has for the last live years resided in tbe island of Mauritius— a place which he describes as musical and regularly visited by good operatic companies from France. He sailed for Newcastle by the ship CJlundou, deriving great benefit from the voyage of 84 days, aud during the past few weeks litis been seeing the sights of Sydney. M. Deslouis studied at the I'aris Conservatoire, was a pupil of Deldartcs, bnR suug regularly at tbe Italian Opera House, Paris (vvbeie he appeared first iu 18G7) and has played the baritone rOles in Adams' 44 Si j'dtais'Roi," " Trovarore," " Uigo- lotto" <&c;„ not only in Paris (at the Chateau tVJSau) but also nt Rotten, Lyous, Toulouse nnd throughout the departments. JM. Deslouis has inude successful appearances at the Pasdcsloup Coucerta also, bo that b U debut this afternoon should have especial interest. Mr. George Coppin, M.L.A., arrived in Sydney on Tuesday lust, inteuding to speud a fortnight here for change of air. It is three yearB since the veteran comedian last visited us, and ho expresses much surprise at tho many civic improvements made during that period. 