POPULAR SCIENCE. Aepidemic known as the “deggeian fever,” recently broke out in Athens, Greece, ft ia also known t:a tho *• cenguo ” or “ dengy ” fever ; which name ia said to have come from the Wc-at Indies, where the ingroca call it “dandy fever," owing to the cult altitude to which it ietupcraiily con demned the patient, which name was brought to Uaropa by Boa: hide, r:.otitled into *• dengy.” It ia rarely lata), but uproars vtry rapidly. Tile first symptoms arc intense redness oi face, licck and hands, Inquently accompanied by an eioption. 'J'ne patir.nt then fccla violent headache, darting prina in the eyes, and humming in the ears ; f.o cannot woik, shuns the light, and sleep cannot bo obtained. Gradually other paits of the body aro attacked, till the disease KCtilni with special vehemence in the lege, especially in the knees. The crisis comes within Hires to eight days, after' which, with good medical treatment, the patient recovers in four or fiva days, but generally remains feeble for two or three weeks longer. Prof. Adametz, of the School of Cheeso manufacture at Sorntlicl in Switzerland, in the course of his linvestigStioDS into “ case ous pathology,” has succeeded in isolating no fewer than nineteen species cl microbes in one kind of oheess, and tliat in the fresh state. For every'ounee of this ho found bacteria numbering from 90,COO to 110,000,' and these multiplied to more than 800,000 in a soventy-daya’ cheese. In the soft cheese the microbes were still more numerous. Prof. Adametz found 1.200,000 in one ounce of a 31 days’ chseEO, and 2,000,000 in a 15 days’ specimtD. These wc-re found in the interior parts of the cheese. On the rim he calculated there were from three to five mil lions for every ounce. By a series of in genious experiments the same pathologist demonstrated (hat the arrest by antiseptio substances of theso micro-organisms pre vents the cheese from maturing. The speed oi fishes is almost an unknown quantity, it being very difficult to measure. Eitimateo c>f tho speed of tish aro only approximated, and more or less founded upon guessing. One can tell, however, at a glance whether a fish ic built for spoed or not. A fast fish looks trim and pointed, like a yacht, its head is conical in shape, and its lies fit down close to its body, like a knife Llufc into its handle. Fish with large heads, bigger than their bodies, and with short, stubby fins, are built for slow motion. The predatory fishes, those that live on prey, arc the fustisb swimmers. The food fishes arc, as a general thing, the slowest, and, consequently, aro easily captured. The Spanish mackerel ia one of the fastest of food fishes. I ts body is cone- shaped, and is us smooth as burnished metal. Its speed is as matchless as that of the aolnhin, and, in motion, it outs tho water like a yacht. ?C!ej;tific investigation reveals the fact that, under a vnriety of titles, alcohol exerts its influence as the potent body of the various liqueurs so common in Europe and Australasian colonies. These contain, it ia true, other ingredients of more or less stimu lant charactsr; but they owe their highly in toxicant qualities without doubt to Tho pre sence of a largo percentage of alcohol. A fact which is cot so generally known, ha?, however, been brought to light in eome recent returne, which prove that such an parently harmless compounds as “ bitters'” and” tonics " are also commonly alcoholic in a high degree. Samples examined have revealed the presence of aicobol to an amount varying from 20 to over 10 per oent. 01 the legion of adulterations more or less poisonous which have been from time to time introduced into intoxicating beverages our spaos will not permit us to Epeak, In tho introductory Jeoturs to the agricul tural class at the University of Edinburgh, delivered at the opening of tho present session, Prof. Wallace chose as his subject some aspects of Australasian agriculture. In tliis lecture, Prof. 'Wallace urges that sheep farmers in Great Britain will Bhorlly feel the effects of rivalry with the flock masters of Australia. There nre 100.000,000 sheep in Australia, mostly merinos, which are not, by the wav, a flesh-yielding, but a wool-giving race. Prof. Wallace hazards tho opinion that, before many years have passed, Aus tralia will be possessed of over 200,000,000. He makes, also, the astonishing statement that merino mutton is equal in flavor and texture to tbc beat Highland, Welsh, or South Down mutton. Upon these two assumptions ha foretells calamaties to the meat producers of his country which his countrymen hone he will not livo to see. A singular Asiatic people sailed the Akas, who live among the hills north of Assam, dip the barbs of tfccir arrows in aconite,and tboy are so made that when any attempt is made to pluck out the arrow, the barb bier.ks off and remains in the wound. The poison is so deadly, that even a buffalo usually falls, after running a few yards, when be lias been struck by one. Somo of the superstitions of the Altas are curious. If a river runs between sn Aka’s house and his burying-place, hi3 soul can never go home aflc-r death. This inability o! the spirit to cross water i3, howc-ver, overcome by stretch ing a string across tho stream that divides the grave from the house of the departed. Tho ghost can easily cro.“3 when the slightest foothold is given him, Two now scismoscopes, adopted at the Italian meteorological stations, arc described as being of a very simple nature, the one consisting merely of an iron rod, about fivo inches long, leaning slightly against an ad justable screw support near its middle, and with its lower pointed end in a cup. When u shock or tremor occurs, the rod falls away from its support and is caught by a fixed metallic ring, making electric contact and ringing a bell. In tho other instrument, the ring is connected with a binged lever ar rangement, which stops the mechanism of a timc-piecp, showing when ilia earthquake shock occurred. FnoTOGiUi’ns have lately been taken of (ba two interesting o!’ astronomical instru ments at tbe Pekin Obv-rvaforv. These in struments aro llis most ancient of the kind in the woild, haying r.--n -jiado by order of the Emperor Kuhlui JCfi&o; in the year 127’J. They are exquisite pieces of ’bronze week, and ure in splendid condition, although they have been exposed to the weather more than G00 years. The number of perrons who have died within a few months in Great Britain from tho administration of chloroform by dentists and tmrgecns, is rather startling. ’ in each case reported it is slated that no fault could ba imputed to the professional gentlemen who administered the chloroform. This Bounds a good deal like the phrase, “ no blamo attaches to the guard,” which is bo common in this country in the account of railway accidents. Workmen in metal, who get particlea of iron and Bteel in their eyes, are now relieved by tho application of an electro magnet, which draws out the fine particles with admirable celerity and neatness. Steel or iron slivers are also drawn from tbc band, or other parts of tho body, by an electro magnet. German subjects are vaccinatod in tho early months of life, again on attaining tho age of 12, and all males a third time on entering upon their terra of compulsory Eervico, in tho army. Yaccinalion is al ways done with calf- lymph—never frem arm to arm. ' The lion and the tiger, and indeed most of tho carnivera, do not grind their food, using their jaws only up and down, the molars acl n; like ohopping knives, or rather scis sors. Their mouths are a veritable bash mill. 