OUR PARIS LETTER, from our correspondent. PARIS, 8th March. It is with a childish or a cat-liko caution that the French have accepted tho invitation of Emperor William to the International Labor Conference at Berlin. To believo the journals here, the place of meeting was something ot a Blue Beard s chamber. iiavmg accepted the invitation, tho good sense of Foreign Affairs Minister Spullcr seeing no forcito or other cxplosivo iu the convocation, a Boulangist deputy proposed that Franco ought not to send any delegates to tho conference, no matter whether wide awake diplomatists or owl glaring economists, Tho Chamber next to unanimously repelled the absurdity, and this "union of hoaits" is ibo anthem of the day. Tho wholo affair distinctly demonstrates the extreme prudence of France not to be drawn into any embarrassing position in connection with Gormauy that might entail bellicose scsponsibilifcies. Hence the debate has had its utility. But tho French, though they will bo represented nt tho conference, will so tie up their representatives that tho latter will bo as mechanical in their discussions as clockwork ma chinery. Like Argus, their oyes must never close. Every proposition presented at tho congress must bo examined with tho most powerful microscope. Franco concluded that by her abstaining aho might bo placed in a perilous isolation ; accepting, she has to bo on licr guard- against two surprises : the possible discussion of a text for international disarmament, and some revolutionary -panacea for the ills of suffering labor, that would make the sovereign of Ger many the Emperor of the' Socialists and tho mouthpiece of their collcctorist programme. Imagine William II. setting out iu search of the Holy Graii, with nil tho dissatisfied prolttaircs of Europe, for true knights, in ids train. His Majesty docs not seem to have any other object in view than indulging a generous day dream. He aims to regulate the hardships of the miners, of female and child workers in the first place, to alleviate the social hardships of the bread winners in the next, and lastly, no Sunday labor. That attempt to settle the number of working hours, to square the circle, has been made ere the Hohenzollern dynasty onjoyed its first cradle rock,. and will likely bo as insoluble after it has been in terred as many years as the grimalkin mummies reoeuuy e.\|iuitcu ttum v/«xu w Liverpool for guano purposes. But that is no reason why the attempt to do something ought not to be made. It clearly shows that his Majesty aud his entourage are not well up in their European sociology, or they would have had at their fingers' end all that England has dono, or, rather, all that Australia has accom plished—for she truly leads the van in labor legislation. The daughter has moved faster than tho mother. England is likely to reap more profit at the conference than any other of the invites . She will decline in advance to be a party to limiting the hours of work for adult labor. Iu that which concerns women and children she has since years protected them. She can point out that between Sundays, Satur day half holidays, bank holidays and other vacation kickshaws, her working populations have some rests, some breathing instants on the treadmill of life, and is entitle! to suggest that the Continental Powers would in some parallel way iinitnto her. Nor do her tollers, free as they are in principle to work till they drop, wear out their lives by long hours of labor, as do Continental on vricrs. She could never go back, even were it in her power or nature to do so, to tho European system of incessant labor dribbling. So any plan that reduces the working hours among continental j roUtaires willbcabencfitto England by bringing tho conditions of competition to a more equable level. In dropping her card then at the conference England has paid her respects to the Imperial host, and may sow ideas for the betterment of the white slaves of Europe. France wants the Kingdom of Dahomey, it appears, to round off her sphere of inffuoncc in "West Africa. After sacrificing men and money, and mowing down a good many Dahomeians, the kingdom will become in due couise protected," that is, French. What a pity that Do Brazza, or his Inter edition, Captain Trivier, was not sent to try and walk round tho recently deceased Ge-Le-Le, the "Lion of tho Lions," as the Shah of Fersia is the " king of kings," and coax him with cotton handkerchiefs into the beauty of being pro tected, as was bis cousin farther east on the Congo, King Mnkoko. All the present blood shed might have been avoided. Lord Salis bury, it is said, has made it very clear to Fiance that the British settlements at Lsgos must not be injured by tho uew land grab ; nor will France be allowed to "span out" her colonial influence so as to become in time a controlling influence in the Lower Niger. It is said the deputies will reject the credits to be demanded for the conquest of Dahomey. Not a bit of it. There is iu tho Gallio temperament the desire for territorial aggrandisement. It is not over the possession, but over its not self- supporting character that taxpayers growl. Only let tho greatness bo gratuitous and tho Gauls will not groan under the burden. But here is a fly in the pot of oiutinent. The Gcrmnns have thrown sheep's eyes on Ashantec, tho neighbor of Dahomey ; they want that as a compensation for tho Dumara land jiusco. It seems that somo German doctor with blue spectacles- nut Nachtingal — is missing from Fatherland, and wns last heard of botanising in Ashantce. The king of the latter is called upon to give up the prisoner or to produce tho body; if not, a Captain Wcissinan will bo sent to civilfco liim. The Colonial Congress, whioh has degenerated into a mere talking club, has voted that Dahomey be annexed as French territory. Decapitate Dahomey and so end her decapita tions. The same congress lias been bitter aud sweet towards De Brazza. The latter has been hauled over tho coals by .Navy-Lieutenant Mizon, who had been formerly a collaborator- cxnlorer with the Frenchified Dalmatian. The lieutenant calls iu question tho mi- ministration of tho Gaboon-Congo, ah the two now form one jStatc, by M. Do Bmzza. Tho congress let them fight it out, but voted a resolution hoping that all companies formed for exploiting — say developing— tho Gaboon- Congo would be subordinate to the sovereignty of tho State and the liberty of Frenchmen. This resolution means more than it says. It is a blow levelled at the company that Dc Brazza has brought to an embryonic stage, intended to farm tho French Congo by means of concessions of lands and part allocation of tho revenue of tiic colony. The Credit Fonciur Society has so far hcconio interested iu the mutter as to con sent to send out a surveying expedition to estimato cost of railways and other mite?, and to make n Joshua report, if possible, on the resources of the country. Then if all be serene, a company with £80,000 capital will bo established. Thcro 13 no reason, if managed with circumspection, and that thcro be no hurry on tho part of tho interested to become rich, why feiich company ought not to succeed. Stanley has affirmed that the Congo basin can bo farmed profitably, and tiio Belgians have shown how to do it. Up to the present Franco has really dono nothing with hor slice of tho Congo, nor will sho ever go ahead there, or anywhero else, so long aa Frenchmen rely on their Jupiter, tho Government, forhelx>, instead of upon their own individualism. Tho Pauama Canal Company has naturally como to tho front, liko an illuminated ghost, duo to tho return of the commission— the twelfth, bo tho same more or less— delegated by M. Brunet, tho liquidator of tho company, to report on tho situation dc visit , and to state what wns best to be done. The cat must have been let out of tho bag prematurely, as after tho commissioner:! landed in France — a fow days ago— tho Panama shares foil 11 f. and have been dropping ever since. AH tho reports in the world will never restore confidence to the 410,000 French subscribers victimised, On the two last occasions they wero solicited to raise the wind with a five line whip from M. do Lcsseps, but they declined to put even auother "red cent.," aa tho Americans say, into the Danaed sicvo through which all their life savings had already passed. The liquidator, Mr. Brunet, has no terrors for the victims when he tolls them that Jfc is possible the canal may havo to be knooked down to foreigners. They would be delighted could it be foisted on the Germans ; it would be a commencement of tho "revenge." Aa for John Bull, lie, it is well known, will have nothing to do with it. Then demand some timo to wliittlo before making a bid. . - At Now Caledonia, progress lms been made. Island crime is diminishing, duo to improved disciplinary measures. "When a convict com mitted a crime hitherto he was judicially tried, and sentenced to 5, 10, or 20 years' imprison ment, with hard labor. Somo of the condemned had thus accumulated 50 years of oxtra "transportation," independent of the parent timo scntonco passed on them in the mother country. One rdcidivistc had accumulated penalties scoring up to 150 years. Ho was nicknamed "Methuselah." Instead of this system of judicially piling contcnuials upon centennials, reformation has been mora rapidly brought about by the cell, short com mons and residence in tho disciplinary camp. The English consul at Noumea, Mr. Layard, brother of Sir A. Layard, of " the right man in the right place" axiom, has retired on his pen sion. Tho correspondent of the Temps states lie was much esteemed during his residence in New Caledonia. He was a distinguished conchologist it appears, and felt more pride in the discovery of a new cockle shell than in tho conquest of a Pacific Island whero Britannia alono ruled the waves. . Tho Colonial Congress, to which I havo already alluded, in winding up its examination of French Indo- China, resolved that what was most imperative for Frcnoli interests was not to restore solvency to Saigon or prosperity to Tonkin, but to facilitate the acquisition of tho French lnnguago by tho natives, and that while tho Catholic missionaries deserved to be assisted by the State — what is not thought of for tho mother country — that help should bo given on the understanding that tho missionaries would "first " teach tho natives the French language. A proverb Bays, this is the tongue of Paradise, so the congress looks to tho " future state,' truly, of the Anuamites and tho Tonkincsc. While on educational matters, it is well to mention that since tho lads attending tho muni cipal schools havo been compelled to have their hair cropped close, and to go bareheaded as much as possible, the health of tho young roundheads has vastly improved. The Christ's Hospital boys attest the advantage of the convict clip and uncovered skull ; but many attribute their good health to their yellow stockings and long coats. Foundling hospitals havo been abolished in France since several years, and tho agitation to restore them has collapsed, or perhaps has been rendered unnecessary by a modernised form of that infantile Oubliette. The great plague of the foundling hospital was that married women dropped their doxies into the turnstilo basket, thus defeating tho aim of tho institution — tho reception of the infants of girl mothers, so aB to destroy tho incentive to abortion and infanticide, prompted by the senso of shame that the mothers were ruined for life. The municipal council of Paris has founded a Bureau d'abxndon , which the departments arc adopting, in a quiet out of the way quarter, near tho Obscrvatoire, but wlicro no observation can be made on tho mother, tho midwife, or tho fem&lo; relative, who comes early in tho morning, or late in tho evening, to deposit a littlo stranger. Iu a room set apart for the purpose, and occupied by a woman, no eye or car than hers, the baby is given to her, with any infor mation, or none at all, the comer chooses to supply. That woman is excused by the courts from revealing tho secrets entrusted to bcr. Sho tells tho person who brings the child that onco left it can never bo hers again ; or, if sho un dertakes to nureo it, tho municipality will make spcction. This humano plan has ended " baby farming" ; or "angel making," as tho French call mercantile infanticide. The Cardimtl Archbishop of Paris has issued a pastoral prohibiting tho faithful from en couraging or practising cremation. No Catholio is to havo tho last rites who desires to bo cal cined. For tho archbishop to substitute incine ration for burial is to aid tho triumph of materialism. Strange human nature, it is woman, always religious — the last nt the cross and the first at tiic grave — who is the "warm- eat " partisan of cremation. Tho Russian church is neither pro nor con respecting calcinatiou. Kenan's opinion is this: "As I do not believe in the resurrection of tho dead, it matters littlo to mo personally whether I bo burned, interred or given ns pasture to Tower of .Silence birds." IIo weighs 18 si. — whafcaclmnco for the Bombay j vultures. If burial bo sad, burning in moro so. l(c states that, in Brcragnc, when an old woman loses a tooth she goes to the churchyard and burns it, lest it might put Providence 011 resurrection day to inconvenicnco to discover that missing link of her body. When Louis l'hiiippo called to tako farewell of Prince Talleyrand, a short hour beforo his death, tho king asked him, "How do you feci, prince? " She, I feel as if I was all on fire." " /)<jd t 