GENERALITIES. The intrinsic value of Id. is less than a farthing. Over 10,000 IriBh people settle in England eveiy year. If the bore would only turn on himself what an experience it would be to him. Four rods make one rood, bnt one rod can take the rudeness out of quite a number. The difference between a liar and a hypo crite is that the liar iB not always incurable. ■ Africa has nearly 700 dialeots, and thiB foot presents great difficulties to missionary effort. In the-United States' only a fifth of the lawyers hare received a University education. The oyster is one of the strongest creatures on the earth. The force requited to open an oyster is more than 1,300 times its weight. The attempt to introduce tea-drinking among the natives of India has so far been a failure. The rich man cannot enter the kingdom of heaven, and the poor doesn't seem to be at all; anxious to. The present style of feminine dress shows one at a glance what a tremendous humbug a bustle was. In the Japanese House of Peers just elected, j there are twenty-two farmers, fifteen mer- j chants, and but one nobleman. "Is your husband an American by birth?" Mrs. Rooney—" Yis, sor, he is that same. He has a berth in the police department." In the public schools of Wisconsin are hung pictures of the State University as in centives to the boys to study for scholarships. It is said that more than 2,200 years before the Christian era there were professors of music in China, and the divine art was cultivated there. The Portuguse nation is one of the most illiterate in Europe, the illiterate inhabitants being officially stated at 32 per cent, of the whom. The new observatory near Tananarivo, Madagascar, will be one of the highest in the world, as the site chosen is about 4,400 ft. above sea-level. A traveller, recently returned from Pata gonia, remarks that the natives are gentle, affable, and sociable, their greatest drawback being that tbey are cannibals. - A Lutheran clergyman, who recently com pared the Czar to Antichrist in a sermon deli vered in a town m one of the Baltic provinces, has been sent to Perm, in Siberia, to exile. The longest stone bridge in the world is that over the Bhone, at St. Esprit. It is 2,717 ft. long, and has in all 23 arches. It j was finished in 1310 A.D., having taken 45 years I to build. j There are 16,000 Bands of Hope and Juvenile Temperance Societies in the United Kingdom, j with nearly two million members. The Scottish Union includes 600 Societies, with 130,000 members. The American Postmaster-General is in sured in a life and accident policy to the i amount of £260,000. This is said to be the ] largest insurance carried by any individual in the world. When people put up stags' heads and stags' horns in then; halls and passages tbey are un consciously following a very ancient custom. In all temples of Diana stag's horns were nailed against the walls. Dumley (impressively): "Ponmy word, d'ye j know if I—aw—should see a ghost I believe I should become a—aw—chattering idiot." Miss Quicker (softly): "Do tell us about the ghost j you did see, Mr. Dumley. Little Janet was eating at the teatable when she suddenly burst into tears. " What is the j matter, Janet?" enquired her mother. "Oh," J sobbed Janet, when she bad recovered a little, "my teeth stepped on my tongue." The English are the tallest race among men, their average height being 5 ft. 10 in. TheNor wegians are almost their equal. The smallest j of all European nations are the Italians and Spaniards, who average only 5ft. Sin, { We lose 2 lb. of water every 24 hours by perspiration, and the more we perspire the cooler we become; there are 27,000,000 pores on the surface of our bodies, which, if placed in a line, would extend 28 miles in length. During a melodramatic performance a stout lady began to sob violently. Anxious husband — "Come, my dear; let's be going; this is too much for your feelings." Wife: "What does it matter to you as long as I am enjoying myself?" The thirty leading cities of the United States have increased more than 3,000,000 in popula tion in the past ten years, an average of 100,000 each. This growth is simply stupendous. The like of it was never known before in the history of the world. According to researches recently made the German Ocean is almost bare of vegetation. This is believed to be owing to the strong tidal currents which so disturb the sea bottom as to prevent the germs and spores of marine plants from settling. A congregation near Pittsburg have "struck oiL" The Church was debt-ridden, but it has grown enormously rich by the discovery of oil in the churchyard yielding 1,000 barrels a day, and producing a royalty amounting to nearly £17,000 a year. j The order of precedence in the army is as follows:—Life Guards, Horse Guards, Dra- I goon Guards, Cavalry of the Line, Horse I Artillery, Artillery, Engineers, Grenadier Guards, Scots Guards, Coldstrearas, and then j Infantry of the Line. In France there are about 60,000 elementary schools where the teachers, having first passed an examination, train the boys in practical gardening. In America, Belgium, and most Continental countries, special attention is paid ' to the dissemination of horticultural knowledge | by the State. Gotama was Buddha, and he died in b.o. 543, over 200 years before Alexander invaded India. He urged a inform of Brahminism, and therefore Brahminism must have been old enough then to have beoome corrupt. Ths Vedas, the sacred books of the Brahmins, are as old as B.c. 1500 Kittredge, of Belfast, Maine, the champion microscopic postal-card writer of the world, has just finished writing President Harrison's last message, containing 10,000 wordb on a postal-card, being about twenty days in doing the work. In writing he uses nothing but a pair of common spectacles. The Rev. Canon Blackley affirms that the experience of the Oddfellows and other large associations of working men demonstrates the failure of voluntary attempts to make provi sion for old age, and strengthens his advocacy of compulsory insurant® to law. At present not one in 150,000of the Oddfellows {four out of 600,000 members) does so. Turn About.—A young lawyers fall from grace in the management of an estate resulted m the following conversation between the delinquent's brother and a former friend of the family who had not heard of the young mans trouble:—"Isyour brother still pursuing the -law!" "He was until last spring. "And now?" "The law is pursuing him." Cambridge hjm more students than Oxford* but the latter is generally Baid to be the older University. The Scotch Universities are about three centuries younger—they were, with the exception of Edinburgh, founded in the fifteenth century. Edinburgh dates from 1582\. Wurzburg is the oldest m Germany— 1403\. Bolona dates from 1158. , A large crowd was waiting the opening ot the doors of the Opera House on the night of a Caledonian concert. A young man chanced to step on the toes of an old lady m the crowd. " Oh, I beg your pardon," he said. Na, na, my man, returned the old ladv, angrily; ■ " beggin' my pardon 11 na dae. Ill hae to gie ye a skelp i' the lug;" and she did so, and was satisfied. ... , It is asserted that at a private poker party in Boston, which lasted without a break, save for refreshments, for 27 hours—it was an all night and all day sitting in fact-^he Ioraes amounted to not less than £310,000! whole of this sum had been paid up by the losers before noon the next day. The cham pion loser was an American 'railwayboss well known in Paris and London. Young mother (anxiously): Bridget, 1 hope you always regulate the temperature ot the baby's bath by the thermometer I have given you?" Bridget: "Arrah, dont be coming over me wid the pride of yer dirty thaymometer. Shure, what would I want wid a' thaymometer. Can't I tell meself widout any of yer gimcrack thaymometers! Av the choild turns red, the water's too hot; an av the choild turns blue, the water's too cowld. Trafalgar has scarcely a parallel m war. It put an end to all schemes of invading Eng land ; it all but annihilated her foes at sea; and it launched Napoleon on that path of Continental conquest in the hope of destroy ing English commerce, which ultimately led to his complete overthrow. It was dearly bought no doubt by the death of Nelron; yet the great seaman, it may truly be said, had done nis work when he won Trafalgar. Thertns always some fun to be got out of the gravest of subjects. The proceedings of the Committee on the Central London Railway Bill were enlivened the other day to an un locked for comicality from Sir B. Baker. "Now, Sir Benjamin," spake an opposer of the Bill, "what about the leads for your electric currents; are we to presume that they will be covered !" To this the hero of the Perth Bridge, with a tinge of sorrow for such simplicity in his voice, replied— " My dear Sir, did you ever see two naked con ductors running alongside a tramcar f Among the well-known servants of a well known house in Edinburgh is one young woman of native "old country" wit who never is at a loss for an expedient. She attended a knock at the door the other day, where a stranger presented himself and asked to see the lady of the house. " What name shall I sayMr. Stiltzenheimer, said he. "Beg pardon, sir," said she. "Stiltzeu heimer, repeated he. The girl hesitated at the name, which was evidently beyond the intricacies of her speech, and then opening the door of the parlour, said with a laughStep in, sir, if you please, and—bring the name with ^ A* miser having lost £100 promised^ £10 reward to any one who should bring it to him A poor man found and restored it to the miser, and demanded the reward; but the old man, in order to baffle him, alleged there was £110 in the bag when he lost it The poor man, however, was advised to sue for the money; and when the case came on I to be tried it appeared that the seal had not been broken, nor the bag .ripped, and the I Judge said to the defendant's couusel, lne bag you lost had £110 in it, you say ? J.68' sirT" "Then," said the Judge, "according ! to the evidence given in Court, this cannot be your money, for here are only £100 ^ there fore the plaintiff must keep it until the true owner appears.*' Verdict accordingly, with costs. 