• '-j?y ^ ‘ ' • IfloveUst.1 Ai) Original Australian Story.0 UIIAl'TNR.X.Vn, (I.Whi,ml.) Mr, llinglium was ub liuiiiimlilii u mini us you'll drop itcrnas during tlu> pmvoi'lilul iluy'n Walk. Ilnl lio cllil nnl ronnlilur t lull I hi /iVlo)|iWili(\liy <i 0(1 a of lionor, wlion having •uomforliibly dined lm withdrew In Ills •Hungary) mid, nuuovliig lltu wruppoiyipiMiid Ilia pnraol mnl mil. In wuii In imul tliu UimUiiils of tlln pit|ini'h, Tlml lliimn utniluiila war# 1(ih«I liilurunllug limy lm gathered fi’oiliitlm uliimiimliijiiii lliiiini wmi lung piiwt. midnight nrn lm laid down the Just nf Urn' , papers, < i 11 Wall," ha mild, '(this mirpitiiMM Imllaf.’' Tlml Dtunford hint bueti u nnnvjcl 1 wim umpired I Imv that Anlen, the /ether of tin* > yoring fellow 1 Imra luiiriiVdj to Jnvn nlimint II* n eon, should have bqriri^orio seems inoradfblo.' Vet hero * Dim tkono oro.tli«i4ii£li7i)Sir6on<):.l!illr- I aculone escape frotn^'Muiairiliilc Harbor ■was tho talk of tho island whew 1 was stationed tbero with my regiment. Now what in to be done. Theno papers, it is evident, wore never intended by t,lint uu luoky rascal to meet official eye. Tlie fellow ,u»ver counted upon bin audden'rlijribval from ifilSbitapiiBro'-bf - plot arid mischief. I ahnll keep these documents, for the present at any rate, for though l should i have no com punction in running Duinford, I would not liurin that lino young fellow for a million. Oreat Heaven, upon what a volcano do some of us hlsl'uneonsciously !" Meanwhile, as though fate were relentless in iter persecution' of the unhappy Mamford, Mr. Bingham was placed in possession of other and still more startling information. Tho woman who acted as liis housekeeper, and whom 1 have referred to as of singular appearance, is dark and swarthy, with masses of white hair 'and keen black eves, one morning came to him. “Sir," she said, “I am awaro that you were interested in that strange death the other day of a Mr. Trill.” “Only so far, Martini,” interrupted Mr. Bingham, “that 1 thought it rather curious— the boy should have been s.o affected by smoking the butt of a cigar tbe man threw “That is so," said the woman with a ghost of a smile upOH her face. “And I was also curious on that point. 1 happen to have seen some strange things in my life, sir, and 1 mu convinced that the cigar was poisoned. Sir," oho went ony " here iH a cigar, which, If you smoked, would ...nond you a banco ere morning broke.” < Bingham shrank back.;; • "Good God! woman,** lie gasped, “what do you mean ?" , “ Simply this, that l know a woman hero in Melbourne, who makes those cigars. She is a Malay. I met her one day in the Fitzroy Gardens. Seeing, my datk skin and foreign looks, she spoke to me. She was glad when she learned 1 spoke Spanish, .and that I was indeed a native of Spain. She asked me to visit her—she lives at Carlton. Often, tvlien I have leisure, I go to see her. We have become intimate. Sir, when I heard of that .strange affair, I felt convinced this woman—this Parquita—had a hand in it. X resolved to ascertain, if possible, if my suspicions were correct." “And the result if” cried Bingham ex- . “ Is here,’’ and she placed the cigar on the table. “ I went to Parquita and told her I had an enemy whom I wished removed. She asked if this enemy were man or woman. X told her it was a man—my master. ‘ Does he smoke ?’ said she. ‘ He is always smoking,’ I answered. She went to a cupboard and brought forth a small box. Front this she took this cigar." “ I/)t him smoke this, my friend,” she said, “ and ho will smoke no more, eh ?” I asked if she-was mure, and if there wait no (dange'r of discovery. “ None,” she 4siid.:; ‘A Best quiet. Why, I have ohiigcS'many. Not long'ago X enabled a rich gentleman here to remove an enemy. It was fanny, in the newspapers to read— Diablo I 1 cannot read myself—the curious things that were said. Then Bhe laughed, and said that a boy had picked up a piece of tbe cigar and that it nearly removed him also. Sir, is this not wonderful news ", . “You will not hreatho a whisper'of this matter, woman,” said Bingham, “ to any /-“Not.a word, air. It'way because Ikncw . you wiehed to know that I have sought to ascertain for you; Master, yon have been good to the poor convict woman, and she would lay down her life to save you.” “ I believe you, Martha,” answered Bing ham gently, “and tliank you. What did yon p3y for this, woman ?” “ She would not take pay. She said she Was rich—that the gentleman she spoke of had' long allowed her a liberal pension. Master; it is very strange—but my part is done. I am content if I have pleased “I thank you,” was the answer. “And now please leave me alone. Remember, Bilcnce.” The woman left the room. Bingham sat gazing at the cigar fotFfnlly ten minutes. It was S!rla§?, darfiicatdred) fiavaniah.: shaped' cigar, IptlSin^ ygr^fnptifig; to s smokery . It' fascinated.; him.'’""He could 'Warce'Yefrain from testing its excellence, and turned it over in bis fingers with grim curiosity. “To think that this harmless looking cigar i6 possessed of such devilish quality,” he muttered. “And what recklessness of the womau to give it to Ma'rtha! There is but one conclusion—she docs not fear analysis, j -But wc shall tee what M‘Adam has to say | about it. And if it be as' I believe, then my duty is clear. Ned Arden shall never marry the daughter of an assassin’."" 