Can a Mother Forget? A Tvue Ghost Story of To-Say. Oar London correspondent draws atten tion to a remarkable ghost story in the current number of Blaclcioood, which la vouched for as true by a well-known Roman Catholic priest. It Is very bounti fully told, and has attracted widespread notice. The subjoined merely follows the outline: In one of the poorest and most over crowded parts of poor and overcrowded London one bitter night early In February there sat In a barely famished elttlng-room a young priest with an elder priest, who looked weary beyond words. As thpy sat the door-bell rang and the door was gently opened by a tall lady dressed in black. She was exceedingly fair to see, beautiful in feature and carriage beyond moBfc women ; but there was an Inexpressible charm far beyond even that-a dignity of manner and appearance Buch as Father Warren had nevsr Been before. Advancing towards him, she said In a low, clear, and moat melodious vo'ce, " Forgive me, dear father, for disturbing you so late, and on such a night; bat no other could falfil so well the mission which I ask you to undertake, Will you come with me to bring comfort and hap piness to a departing and erring soul? and will you bring the Holy Sacrament with yon, that, having confessed and been absolved, he may go hence in peace ?" "Dear lady," answered Father War renj " I have not eaten since the morning. My clothes are wee through, and I am very weary. Another prlesb of God more worthy than I shall go with you." "Nay," she said, looking wlsbfally at him, "I pray yon go with me yourself, for to you w?3 I sent, and the time is very short. I beseech you to come with me, and make no delay. By the love o? bho Blessed Mother for her Son, by the love of that Son for all His enlng children, 1 . implore yoa come with me, and come quickly." She pleaded so earnestly and tenderly that he hastily put on a cloak and loft tho house with her. Ab last she stopped, and, knocking fiimly and decidedly at the door of a house, she tnrned round to the priest and said-" I have shown you the place and told you of the sore need of one who llveB there, I can do no more and must go now. May the blessing of God the Father, tho love of God the Son, and the help of God the Spirit go with yon now." She turned rapidly away and wa3 quickly ought of sighb, The door wa3 opened by a stout, comfortable, respect able servant, who seemed rather aitontshsd at his appearance. "I have been summoned to a djinj bed," he said ; " pray take me at ones to the room," The woman looked perplexed, and answered-"There ain't no dying beds here, nor hasn't been this long time. But you had better come In and explain it to the young master." So saying, she. led the priest into a moat comfortable room, where was seated alone a young man evidently waiting for his dinner, prepara Ions for which were on the table before him. The father could not withstand the genial greeting, and sitting down, told the young man how he came there. His host was grieved and concerned at the useless fatigue and exposure ho had gone through, and said, " 1 fear you have in your ready self sacrifice, given way too e&Blly; to some chaiitabie lady, moro zealous than judicious, who in he? deslro to do much, has to-night at least done too much, and made a mistake in au address which we can neither of ua now rectKy. . " But I shall not let you go out again till you are thoroughly warm and fed," said the yooj man. Soon tbey were together as though they weie o'd L'lendb. They seemed drawn towards each of'ar in some mjLterlcns way, and the'" heaui were opened, and they spoke as neither had done for years. " I once belonged to your chureV" as'd the lad, in rather sad, regretful lonei; " bat I belong to no church now. Sine3 my dear mother died nothing seems oC realcinterest, and I feel that if she were indeed living in any state, she would find Eome way to communlcata with me, for herven itself could bring no joy to hat if I were shut onfcBlde. 1 want happlneas, I wart my mother, I want my old fall life back again. It cannot be true that s'ie Is living anywhere,. In any Btxte, and hyj forgotten her only ch^d, her bo;y, her companion, and her friend. My; father died suddenly of heart d'sease before I was boin, and mother and I were all In all to each other; we had not a thought apart. No ! Bhe Is dead Indeed I gone for Over l" "Comeback, come back," said the priest,44 to the faith and the church which made your mother what she was-what she is.'' I know not what further words he used, nor dare I venture to describe the feelings of the youth as he listened ; but after a while his better nature conquered entirely, and kneeling before the priest he cried, " Receive me back again, I pr-y yoa, and bless me, even me also, 0, my Father I" To this Father Warren as3ented, and passed Into the adjoining room, leaving the young man alone. In the library he saw the picture of the lady who had brought him there, While he was still standing looking h'* new friend entered, and said qalcir'y, "You are looking ab the portiah of my mother. It Is very like her. Is she not beautiful? Can you not feel now how I must miss her sweet company every hour of the day ? Is It not strange that I fesl nearer her to-night than I have ever done since she died and left me alone ? Indeed, I feel now as If she were not really dead-as if we must meet again. Will you receive my confession now, Father, and give ma absolution before I sleep, and then I think I shall feel as if the black wall bat ween us had been broken down for ever." " Willingly, my son," ans wered the good prlesb. Into that solemn interview and subse quent conversation it is not for us to intrude, b^b it was very late bafore they parted for'the nighb, and ib was arranged that they Bhonld meet again at the 7 o'clock serrlce in the Misdon- room chapel the following morning. Imagine then the disappointment of Father Warren when the service began and ended, and his young friend did nob appear. He was very sad. He wenb to tho hoDBe. The door was quickly opaned by the same servant as the evening before. But, oh ! how changed in her appearance. In a voice broken by sobs Bhe said, " He 1b dead, He is gone. Parsed away In the night in hfs sleep ; no bound ; no cry. Ine best master that ever lived. He told my husband to call him very ea-ly, and wiien he wdnt bo do so, he found him lying calm and qnleb, and like a marble image." Father Warren passed by her silently 5>:io the room ; and there, Indeed, he found him lying calm and qaiet, and very peaceful, but with such a knk of bright happiness on his bea,utlfal young face, as showed plainly that he had felt neither solfiude nor fear when bhe angel of death came to fetch him away. " Who can doubb that lb was his mother who carce for me last night?" said the piiest to himself ; " for can a mother ever fotgei, even Jn heaven, the child of her ] iVt) on tart* V 