( n.u*Ti:it V. in *1111: inn w>H. ! '■ He's ni! ;iit* inn. tlint's vluil lio's ikmt'."' i " lint Ik1 ii.iiy )••■ ri*li. <ir iyt l<'st. Wo oval it to ]> <:■< :,fivj-1 ■ _ _ j " Jli>'s soni too ninny iliiiy niyl'.ls. llo know* lijs lioarhus v.vll ,.j , ;m'JicVl n sort «»l jiiivitionl Mill. IJo's «>jf, mnlo. Jlo IioMs wom-v '' I something of licit sort, t.live him « wulr I'crlh, :unl we'll cruise ahum get her, for I think we'll up anchor Iumo nhuut next tiile." Dunhar camped o:i the " llooshian s slivteln-r. while the quailri-master snored in his own berth. <li<l wu sleep nineh. '1 he miner had taken hi,,, /or.-i madman. He worked up nn i'len that the miner tni^hl'h;i\e heeii ■, I dchetive. He h;ni watched him as they travelled. and the strange im-eiii:' ! and greeting he had witnessed must huve contirineil every .siispieiun. 1 j they could <mly ItuiT met on« e more, so that the aifa;i- might hate Is-en e\\. plained away. Perhaps he hail only decoyed him into the hut. j|0 mi^t ; even now he returning from some near station with assist mice. Would j. ; not lie hotter to sneak out ot the hut. ami trust to the chances of tlH. „ ji_ denuss. J hit then the quart cr-niast er woulil lie arrested ami iiiti'iin»atc,j Tile country woulii he roitseii. alui he woltM assuredly lie taken. I.ast'iaiui" the manlier eonelusiuii Une nuiaway is enough lor a lifet ime. 1 will s,.0 it out." Ami then he got to sleep, ami was awakened hy n voice ilown aiming i the sernh. 'J'lie quartermaster was washing, sun I singing a sliautv. ,,| ! course. Dunbar turned out at once. and opening the door was miu!, i astonished. A wattle grove rinsed in the hut on every side, a dense. <i:ulc : foliaged sernh. tliiny feet high, Y<-t it appeared hut a pigmy grow;!, I Far above, white or pale grey, the mighty Mii.vgdah'na towered h allos i,„ two htnidred feet, and tiieli spread into thin and struggling crowns wIi-im I leaves seenieil liner than the tendrils of maidenhair fern. There was ; hi ids sot) g. Few birds live. and. save the lyre birds. none sing at these heights and in these forests. Hut the rain diops still hung heavy ami ! glistening on the wattle leaves. And the rising sun smote througli ihei,, full on liis face, as he stood in the open door, ile walked down the track! ! the passage Itetween the sernh walls, and came oat oil the road. 'J'Im a he ■ himself his-a me \isihlc, and saw tiie quarter-master was a couple of chains j u)i the creel:. j " (Jetting a morning wash 1" j .Aye : I usen i to wash more than ome n w eek, hut when that' Poo-hia],' | turnisl on the hose every morning, it didn't hi-coine me. to he lasted, an' | ; sluiced down both dog watches. He goes in for eight hells, loo. thru. .V),' I if I hadn't bowled him out, Fd have made my hunk in the lank tlieie." ! " I'll take a di)i too." j Not unless yon likes, mate. I've had good mates who didn't wasinauea ' between )>oi1s. Vept on the line, lmt ii's sort of tropic like here sniin- iim<-s. j and a man who's got to go on the bridge shouldn't go nmre'n a lortisight I without a wash." i 'i'hey agreed on that point, and after a dip went up to the fisherman's i quarter-deck for a pipe before breakfast. Dunhar did not talk nun h when ; there. l'mspei-ts and apprehensions, personal ho)#es and fears, wee i momentarily at least subdued hy the scene he IcheM. lie was /ampaiimiigu the noblest mountain heads.on tliecdgeofoneol (hegn at gorges of Australia. He looked into a basin three thousand feet deep, whoso "dlnr side was in, ; miles distant. .Shining crowns of hceeh and lightwooil were riosrhr-.ii> |the road : helow ilie great gums. Ileautifn! tree-ferns lose palm-like in | every gully, and down in the shadowy depths lay a lake or a shroud uf v. hie mist. The waterfalls had almost ceased even to murmur now, i!n- hoi siuisI-.Iim siieained aeross the heads of all the hills, hut; had not vet consumed fl,. .•soft blue haze which scciueil the clhcivaliM-d spirit 'if tin- mist. as;':. ' white mist itself is the ghost of the more material water forms. Sao-i.-r j themselves there was no sign of human or even of animal life .-turnhen 'visible. And wbut. wen* tliey doing, what- was he doing thru-H What ice : his miserable, dogged, defiled humanity when alone amid all ibis noih-~t> : It awed him. He looked long and silently. And the ijunrtrr-masirrdid net I interrupt him for some time. At length, however. In spolm. 1 " 1 felt that way too. mate. It's like bciu' up atoll after a three-dais' j.-de. or Javin" to with liig ice all about yon. It's a sort of Hod Almigi-.n > ia.a'. j And so I told tliat Pago who was a lioosltiuu. and he begun to piuii- ai»-ut ' lVtorsburgh. I'etershurgli he daiuneil, and him loo !" ".Aye. its very grand." That's just what it is." Hat in a little while the grandeur heruincabsorbed, at least to tlie <|iiaii'-r . master, in the natural human desire for breakfast. Some attempt' at «»r'.{ •'followed. They went out to strike the liussian's plant. Prep down m one of the rich gullies was an outcrop of <|Uartz. a" remnant of the old cue; ; through which the plutonie ivs-ks had hm-ii obtruded. ; " He says it's in that, and if it is it's lieiter stowed than ever vo-iva • Spaniard's douhlmms." 1 I lunhar knew the nature of the rock, and judged rightly that the lianisli' -l | liussisiii had hopes of driv ing in till he came to gold-bearing stone, l'.ui li" could not .mid practical mining to a smattering of geological kmmle« | He knew litileof tlie process of getting the stone, and nothing otic j method of ti-eatipg it when won. The quarter-master would hammer away in properly regulated spells, but his notion was evidently of a solid mass--; gold to Ik- reached some day, whieh might easily he hugged and carried oil. " The ltoosliian had a compass," he. said, "hut I reckoned we might haw sailed hy dead reckoning all the distance we made." It seemed well, however, hi work ami to wait there for a week, ami t.an, said Dunbar, " Don't you think that liussiau might have lied to you al-out that gold V" Naturally. I renteuihcred that when 1 got him under." , " I don't think we shall ever strike it." t " 'J'lien let's put about. 1 agrees with you, niute; we're all « ,l here." The result of this resolve was a move to a new rush, about twelve miles, the following day. All the roniauee is knocked out of the digging life nowadays. N<> revolvers, ami bowic knives, and blue shirts, and red sashes, and I1"""1"" able gentlemen, and chivalrous adventurers, and world-renowned knave*, and beardless innocents mixed up together. No more lighting ol pipes «'<» live- pound-notes, or putting down chain-long carpet-mils from l1"110'1"', claims to the nearest- pubs. No mom golden folly, and 1 fear not uiucii11 the golden honour whieh, despile all the rudeness, the sa vugedotn. tin; infrequent crime, did much to sanctify the. days mid the men ol old. • qunrtcr-mastorniid his mate walked down to the I'int Tot rush in the lirst w ei • KehrHiiry,18S0, They hadcrossed the ridge wlitchdividcd thi.dnip-roekeo from the alluvial, and had passed, therefore, from the big gums am in ( scrub to the box and ironlwu'k and mimosa and oak lands. ' . i'., walked twelve miles, and, while it was curly in the afternoon, s,"'1 ; ' puteh of canvas town, stietcherl on a hill-side, and n line of luul<', ,s small, (hick, and low, close to the eaiup ; larger, higher, mm nun ';i tliey led away southward into the hush, 'fliere was a pubIicliou»c . j garden and some trees below, then inon; tents, and three new gan iron structuR's glaiing in the lierce sunshine. The quai lcr-nmster spoke hist. ' " She aiut a clipper." . _ "No? Hut it may be better when we get lnlo it." ^ I A grunt was the only response. It did not seem probable. 'I Jw'J1)"' 1S|, along, and caiue to the old hotel, bussing b hit witlj -the inew hi't' l ^ had hi-ought. 'J'lie house was newly painted, the landlord s slinit y.,^.11 washwl. a female importation from the city graced the bar. A tim to look like a lucky digger was seated on a beer cask smoking a J-'r' „r or four other rogues iu their ordinary attire were companj-ii1 «jfll, scrip- sclliiig in tlie purlour. 'J'wo "drunks" and one recover.) J r-. jli;, benches under the vcruuduh, and a hali'-dozeu nondescripts wca and blowing. t .n„nPfli a( The ijunrter-master pitched domt his swag, remarking that it ww t))|,jr had as a Chinese collar, and that the two dossers would bo . ^)(|11|,| advance notes shortly. To the shaking dead-beat he rnnarl»co. a far judge as how you'd drawn and spent your note; an it mou Jje!tjn thing to put you aboard your ship, but we'll give you a tot ot gy t, •j-|1,.v Willi. Hist yerself on end and oame insi 'VHV« tlllU CHltWU SHUU VUJ»VVU»|IVLU|I WilH — i t. „flgC(»a i"" foregathered with ilio "dead-beat-." AMien ten minutes had ww ( wortity said, ■" Jjcnd ua a couple of bob, if you dout nnnd, a anotlicr drink." : , «(A cn ns vnu J'lie quarter-niaster answered "I'll givc you fivehoh) " get under weigh, but I'll about and Avelooiue." lbe luckjCeb tins, and41 set" him loo. " «,,(! attifh'* Mlcv hall w houi''g spell tjiof sUculdcred swaga onoc more a t , iho niiiin '"'11)1). Dunbar hud looked forward with some little expectation ' this visit to the msh. Hut interest changed to disgust. ns he nniwaiehed * ' >11 A . 1..1 Immii 1 III i if I tmrc u-'io rt tlin ..tl t...,, <. I . , 1 S, !"', |M1. i.i" the iron buildings wn.s n store, (lie other two " hotels J- The WV-ors1 Anns" -and " The Travellers' liesl." They were think shops • iinlv thou-zh one liinl it billuird-rooin attached. Heyond them were three considerable canvas structures, or rather wooden lvalues, voofetl aiul billed with minus and ealieo, old hugs, wool packs, anything jnul «;verv v;"; ] lint eitme to lninil. A long table ran tlown the inithlle. benches <">f T, adzed planks on either sitle. These were boarding-houses. The 1lirt AxvjftUSntr-l ..n<L> ,.f • » » . . - Vr J' i/liens were outside, the «1 welling-lcnts of the proprietors behind Hnif * I lM| children languished in the want shade. All sorts of garhan-e end ] ,,s.< tilth were pitched just without the doors-rotting. jjv hrecdim' liking nhomiiiahly. The least wind lifted the dust on the'ioud and with' -. die multitudinous molecules of olVenee and serins of disease.' Heated hlteriilv women, witli scarce clothes enough for doeem-v, appeared at the , ' Ihntkest odours of cookery were blown off the tires, and Hies were Il(.v(-r'lhieker iiHCgypt. I don't think we will stop here," said Dunbar. <■ J diiiik we had better eraek on alt we can. and get out into the open " ,1Msvvrred his mate, and, agreeable to this resolve, they walked fust down ilir liltI'V lan«', crossed the lead, and pitched down their swags in a healthv very'dry patch of open forest, fairly clear of the camp. Then they iiiinl'1 'heir lire, boiled the hilly, gathered leaves for a bed, ami prepared for j)}(> Sinidov. n eaine, hut there was no rattling discharge of firearms, ns in the „M days, it" shouts of revelry, or boisterous arrival of couches, or departure escort or mails. It seemed just such a humdrum place as anv other tilV. nsliip or village, only that it stank worse. ' Punhar asked himself for the lirst time that night," How shall I continue live in this l.'-imlY" for to moke one amongst the mob in the dens down d,,.!,. seemed utterly impossible. ■j lic " lucky digger." with a. friend, looked about all the shanties and l„i;(r<!iiig-hoiises that night, inquiring after a eouitle of new chums. • y.rtiug fellow, might haw been a swell, and an old shellback. I've got a j„i, f«.r them." When t hey were nowhere to he found, lie went back to his e,mi place a disappointed man. for he couhl "bet a tiver they held it, and . ,,M one would have got t he needle in about three drinks." tin I'iii' problem of what shulj we do ill the land was not solved hv the ■master and Ids mate through the night. They felt la lei master ami Ins mate through the night. They felt bot h helpless disappointed. Sitting under the thin shade of a box tree in the morning, pniibar said "We had better bike a turn about: the works, and see if we , .n't get a claim." hut his mute said : " Vou go, and I'll patch up the tent, i'.vi' il seems wo shall have to mess by ourselves." 'I'he oiiiup v> us no sweeter in the morning. A man in city clothes came ,„ii of a laimly tout. It was the doctor, lie had two or three typhoid eases „,i his hands. liy a couple of hell tents ami a long pavilion a couple of iii- luiikiiig rascals w» re chained to a stout green gum tree. That was the )H,li, e camp and court. They were waiting a hearing which would result, in ;i leiiiaml to the city. At the hotel the lucky digger was ill evidence again, j„i,i lie hailed the vvamb rer with a cheery good morning. "Having a luck about "Ves:" ome and have a drink : it's a hot morning." It would have been churlish to refuse, and so they drank together at the 1and then walked out ami look a turn down the lead. • I found my pile in that one." The lucky digger pointed out a big tnul |,,.k heap, which indicated a considerable claim worked out. And Itovv much gold was there taken from that,':" •• A clear two thousaml 1o my share. 'J'hcre were three of us in it, though it went in one in m's nam".'' A dear 1 wo thousand ounces. Might thousand pounds. It opened up a long v isla in dream land. They walked still down the lead, passing iani'lieds of workcd- oiu claims, and a dozen cock-spurs running off the main lead. The ground was taken up and pegged out for miles around, yet only a i< vv parties were working. "What are they doing, all riie.se men hanging about?" "shepherding. You see one cheat puts on labour and bottoms: the others wait to see if they strike it. 11 so. labour goes on fast. All these claims ate held by spe -uiators. city men mostly; the shepherds arc wages m,-ii. Your best-eham-c would be to buy in." "Yes. J suppose so: there seems no chance of pegging out a claim for niirscl ves." I could gei you a job shepherding, a pound a week ami your tucker. A .hi could grab at the hotel, a:td only need put in lour hours a day on the •■laini." Itiuiliar promised to think about it, which he did. and returning to the •iiiurlcr-mastor said. "We might as well go into a railway camp as on to a diggings now. They offered us work at a pound a week." The iiuarter-niaster made a remark which retlected oil their parentage. Aih r a pause be said. " Mate, 1 told you that my name was Mam, what wight your name be Y' I'ltnbar started, but pulling himself together, answered Dunbar — 11.my Dunbar." Then, thinking a moment, " Hal I used to be called. I'm haps you hml better call me Harry. ' " Well. then. Harry. Itovv do you stand with respect to dollars*:"' " What numcj, have I< di. plenty to keep us well for some months to ■■Mae. I've t v.oiity-cight pounds in gold ami some silver.' ; "Then. Marry, ion v.oithl have been tla-two ends and thebightof a fool : ii v.iii hadn't riz. Might and twenty shiners 1 J!y the Lord, il s six months' ; Now. I'm worth live, and seven and si\|a-nee in silver, ami three f puna! of tobaci n which paid no duty. I rcckone,! you were near about Wr'vu' for a ship, but still as uc might have held out together till we made h'm/ht )*»rt. Hut mov. if it suits vou. we'll set sail right away. We'll ■ inula- lor Aloretoit I lav for llrisbaiie. that is, an' we'll ship there. 'lite . vv ,-hap won't have tie- set so far north as that.'* Tie- notion senm-d go-id io Dunbar. He was testless, afraid to begin any -Mich after work in his own profession, disappointed ami disgusted with j i!h- hopelessness of anv indi|«-ndciit.search after gold, and with the asso-; cations which -cctiied inseparable from work with wagestnen. lie had no , 'iniilit as to his capacity to s' tvc aboard a ship. He was young, athletic, i.iiil in most ways brave. lie knew all that could he learned of seafaring' i-> sailing smnil craft, and had no fear of any kind ot hard work : and,; I'Hif. over, he was rcsolveil in his own niind that lie could not under any ■ :i> uiiistanc-s leave the ouarter-master. or permit him of his own accord to j •i'-pait aluiic. ! will go wherever you like," he said ; "and 1 ant not, so tar, much in !"v- w itlt this eoitiiTty." .... . . i " Ii might bi- better il" we »,it out into Ixild water. _This is like cruising 1 i'i straits! aiul elianuels. ami backstair passages. I've heard of a good; '■road 1 viiuitry somewhere to the north, and when we vo la-en takiu in wool 1 I vi- gone ashore an' met chaps who were tit for a good man to be drunk! villi. If ue struck on them we might bide a spell, mate.'' „ j " Aye. v\ c might : ami anyhow 1 think we had better get out of litis. j 'I hey were lad utorcdisjioscvi tostay when the "lucky digger found them i "lit through tin- evening, ami brought a coujdeof mates up. and would have i In-ill down to t lieshaiity whether or no. The quarter-master tired a tremendous j binarlside at last at all pirates and piratical varniin who couldn't keep their ")'.a 'uinses and sheer oil stiaight-goin' crafts under honest tlags. He |i!' kci| up a tirestick live feet long us he spoke, ostensibly to light his pipe, '"••t didu little cutlass drill with it by way of preliminary. II icy sheered oil", but the " lucky digger sidled up up to Dunbar ere lie vu- ar. ami hissed rutlier than whis|»ered, "Stick to him, mate : stick to linn, lii-s got jr. ami ymi're tt hot mi. you arc. I won't put you away, but look out I"! the coppers. Tin-re's some tiy om-s around." _ Hi- tiii-aut nothing but insult after the manlier of his knul, and yet his vi'Tils wcur as Imrbeil arrow s into Dunbar's mind, and rankled.there tor iHiiiiy ilays. J1 is own incessant dread made a nidus, a breeding-ground iili'.-ieiii any chance seeds of suspicion or menace would take root. 