AMUSEMENTS. THEATRE ROYAL. The opera of "The Yeomen of the Guard" was successfully repeated at the Theatre Royal on Thursday evening in the presence of his Excellency the Governor and a fashionable audience in the eiicle. besides a crowded attendance in other portions of the house. To night will probably witness its last represen tation in Adelaide unless the management are induoed to raproduoe it later on. Those who attend the open should take their seats in time to listen to tbe overture, which is a true reflec tion of the whole work, and tondhes with a light and s masterly hand all the gems of the composition. Pfccvbe'i opening song at the spinning wtoeel, which is imitated through out by the violas in the orchestra, ia a ore eubdued than the spinning songs of Wagner, Flotow. and others, bat is very artistic because of the delicate orchestral coloring (confined to the wood, horns, and string!) which give prominence to tbe voice< The double chorus of the Tower warden is massive and impressive, and leads to the soft melody ot the baritone wlo. The song by lteme Carrnthera opens with a grand orchestral theme which is heard here as the symphony of the song, but which nnnrnnffi a prominent part in different phases of the opera, now given in a maestoso and moderate time and then coming again as an allegro oonmoto. Toit ia the principal orchestral subject of the opera, atid is of a sombre character, tbe introduction of the cymbals and the drum at the words "The ■crew may twist" having a thrilling effect. The trio between Phoebe, Iraonard, and Metjll, " Abu, I wave to and fro," is very oriainal, in which the orchestra has quite a difierent and independent strain to the voices. Tbe song by Fairfax, " lalifea boon," is artisti cally written in a alow march tempo, and con tract* with the following ohorun, "Hera's a man of jollity," which is remarkable for its diatoms construction, its time being: most eoeentrio, and is succeeded by tbe celebrated aong and duet between Klsie and Points, "I have a aong to sing O," accompanied by soft harmonies con structed on the tonic and dominant common chorda with the pedal tonic for a fundamental note. This is a most pleading number, and is reproduced by Point in the laat act, where he sings a vene of the song with feelings of emotion and despair. The trio "How say you, maiden," between Elsie, Point, and the lieutenant, is bright and effective- Point's song, •' I've "jibe aud joke," ia original and striking; the bassoona, flute, oboe, and clarionet taking part in the accompaniment, with eerio oomic effect, aud the violin i* afterwards heard in rapid pizzicato paceages. In Elsie's boor, " 'TU done, lam a bride," Sullivan aptly portrays the aid and senti mental feelings of the maiden who has changed her condition under such a novel manner. Tbe accompaniment to Phoebe's song, "Were 1 thy bride," is original and quaint, receiving freshness and lightness from tbe strings. The finale to tbe fiat act is in a sense the climax of the opera, and is highly dramatio and musically effective. After a greeting by the warders to Fairfax, who at the end of it introduces a top Gon a, pause and finishes on the top A flat, a recitative follows, and brings on the song with chorus "lo thy fraternal oare," whioh ia very quaint. The instrumentation ia specially worthy of notice,. an 3 the funeral march in C minor, the prayer by Elsie, and the tolling of the great bell at regular intervals of two bars, Kith all the characters and tbe headsman with axe and block grouped upon the stage, make up one of the most strikingly effective and sensationally dramatic ecenea that could be witnessed even in grand opsra. The second part of the opera opens with an imposing orchestral number, and Point singa hia patter Ecng, ."Oh! a private buffoon ia a light hearted loon," and the duet with Wilfred, "Hereupon we've both agreed," ia original, quaint, and humorous, and one of the gems of the opera. Fairfax's ballad " Free from fetters grim," ia full of soul and expression, and receives full justice from Mr. Leutnaue, Tbe quartet " Strange ad venture" openawith a delicate symphony by violins and oboe, and then Kate, Dame Garruthera, Fairfax, and Meryll sing unaccompanied one of the most charming examples of Rollivan'a genius aa a quartet writer. The daet and ohorns "Like a ghost" ia very spirited, aud the audienoe usually incut on a repetition. The trio which follow?, "If he's made the beat use of bis time," sung by Elsie, Phcebe, and Fairfax, is light and very tuneful and remarkable for ita last cadence, in which the three voioea trill on different notes at tbe same time, a novelty in part writing. The quartet" When a wooer coca a wooing" ia original, and ita transitions and modnlstions are of an uncommon order and ita finuh most artistic The duet "Baptnie, raptuie," by the dame and tbe sergeant, ia in allegro vivace leas effective than tbe other numbers, aff- rd iiig a light break before the conoluding finale, in which there is a beautiful trij, " Tia ■aid that joy," sung by Elsie, Phoebe* and the Dame, sweet acd idealistic in ita strains. The massive chorus follows, and Fairfax enters and claims his bride. Elsie* despair is rendered in a shott andante movement ot exquisite tenderness, and a dramatic crescendo at the end which reminds one cf a paa&age; in the church acene of Gouno-I'a "F*u-t." A short but joyful chorus follows the reewnition of Fairfax by Elsie, but which ia interrupted by tbe sudden appearance of the jester, and Mr. Elton renders, in tearfully emotional tones, one vene of "I have a song to ting, O,"and falls prostrate upon the stage. Elate replies, and tbe chorus finish the opera with a very impreaaive coda. On Saturday evening ''The Mikado" will be', revived with the following cute:—The Mikado ofjapan, Mr. Wo. Rom vear; Nanki-Poo (bis son, «ii^ni««fl aa a wandering minstrel, and in love with Yum- Yum), Mr. Leumane; KoKo (Lord High Executioner of Titipa). Mr. Howard Veraon; Poo Bah (Lord High Everything Else), Mr. Imano; Pish-Tueh (a Noble Lord), Mr. Grundy; Yum-Yum, Pttti-Sing. Peep Bo (three Bisters, wards of Ko En), Mias Clara Merivale. Miss May Pollard, Misa Katie Pbtter ; Katiaha (an elderly lady, in love with Nanki Poo), Mist Mabel Maekay. Baxaklava Fund Concert. There was not a large audience at the mis cellaneous entertainment given in the Albert Hall, Pirie-atreet, on Thursday night, in aid of the land for the distressed survivors of the Balsklava charge, and the affair was of a dis tinctly amateurish charaster throughout. The programme included several tonga, two comic recitations, a bone solo, and what was billed as a " screaming" farce, most of the screaming being performed by an irrepressible baby among the audience. Mr. and Mrs. N. Proctor (the former with the flute and the latter with tbe piano) played operatic aeleotiona as over tnrea to each part Amongst the vocalists Misa Hartley, a youngster, may be noticed as having gained a recall for her rendering of " KQlamey;" and Mr. J. E, Lawton aa having thown possession of a fair bass voice. Tbe other performers do no call for individual mention. It was announced that dancing would follow the farce. The Sioem Kreo. An incessant stream of people visited the City Baths on Thursday to inspect that veritable wonder of the deep the Storm King. Not content with viewing the tiny craft aa ahe lay alongside they swarmed over the deck and even carried their inveatintioni below the hatches. Both Captain Jorganaon and hu lieutenant were present, and numbers of those present crowded round to bear them relate the perils and privation undergone during their adventurous voyage, while tbe hardy mariners were simply bombarded with queries. The Storm King will remain in her present poaition for several days longer, and it ia expected that bis Excellency the Governor, liord Kintore, will visit the boat sometime during the week. The Giaki Family. The Australian Juvenile Giant Family are now holding receptions at Knapmann'a Build ings, Pott Adelaide. They are three in number; the eldest, Clara, is 16 years of age, and weigha 31 at. 8 lb.; tbe second, Tom, ia 12 years old, weighing 19 at, 6 Ib.j while Anna, the smallest, is 10 yean old, weigha 16 at. 4 lb., and is still growing. These wonderful children are natives of Bunyip, 48 milea from Mel bourne, and are remarkably healthy. Their flesh ia firm, while their intellectual endow menta are by phrenologists said to be above the average, Mr. and Mrs, Snell, the .father and mother, are alight and rather abort of stature, as is also a daughter, who attend* the exhibi tion. Habmstok's Cibcus. Harmston'a circus appeared at Port Adelaide on Totusday evening bef orea orowdfld aucuenoe. The various pieoea were well carried oat. and the freqnent applause showed that the efforts of the various artists were fully appreciated, the ciicus appears again to night. COUABD'S, On Thursday rtany people visited the PaUce of Wooden, and all were well pleased with what they saw. 