THE MILLIONAIRE'S SECRET. By GEORGE R. SIMS. Are you all right, Bill ?" " Yes, Jack, it's a big drop— take care." One man stood on ono side of a high wall, and spoke |o the other man, who was on the other side. The big wall marked the extent of the grounds tff Colston Hall, Surrey, the reaidcnco of Thomas Smith, Esq., J. P., the richest man in the county. The time was 2 o'clock in the morning. The two gentlemen who were conversing woro house breakers, Messrs. William Hicks and John Gor man, both renowed in their profession as old and experienced hands, and credited with having been concerned in some of tho biggest burglaries of the past fivoycars. Both had done what is technically known as "time." Mr. Hicks had been com pelled to retire from business for five, and Mr. Gorman for seven years, but these aro little drawbacks inseparable from tho profession, and at all professions you must take the rough with the smooth. Punishment Is, I believe, commonly supposed to have a deterrent effect on crime. The only punishment that Is absolutely deterrent is capital Eunishment. Ho murderer who has been hanged is over been known to repeat his offence. AU other punishments are simply deterrent during the time they are in force. The loss of their liberty seems to bo accoptcd by tho criminal classes much as tho gambling classes accept the loss of their money. They have played the game and thoy must pay tho stake. The stake paid, the next tiling is to play the game again, and see if fortune won't bo more favorable. It is very seldom you pick up the daily paper without read ing of the old lady who has been a "hundred times convicted," of the middle aged man who has spent 20 years out of his 45 in prison— of the thief who lias performed such a variety of sentences, of from threo months to two years, that tho judge gives him fivo years as a " steadier," and promises him seven if at the end of that period ho renews his acquaintance. No sooner does the now familiar head line, "Tho Burglary Season," appear in the newspapers, as the days shorten, than a host of the processors of the midnight art appear at tho bar of public justico, and in two-thirds of the cases, when it comes to the senteuce the judge is informed that there are "several previous convictions " against the prisoner. After many years careful study of the criminal classes, I have como to tho con clusion that they do not object to prison life at all, especially in bad times, when good jobs arc scarce— that tho only thing which prompts thieves to run away, and burglars to shoot police men is the hereditary instinct of self preserva tion. Heredity has much more to do with the maimers and customs of the criminal classes than reason or a careful computation of chances. Messrs. William Hicks and John Gorman, the two burglars now making their way cautiously across the grounds of Thomas Smith, Esq., J.P., towards the mansion, were heredi tary criminals— good, souud, straightforward representatives of their class. I have no doubt that both of them would have considered, hail they attended an adult Sunday School and been initiated late in life into tlio accepted catechism of the church, that as burglars they "did their duty in that station of life unto which it had pleased God to call them," and they would have explained that they considered it their duty, as respectable and decent burglars of the higher class, not to knock the inmates of a house about if they didn't interfere — not to shoot or bludgeon a policeman unless he gave chase to them, and not to peach on the pals that got away if they themselves wevo caught. Herein consists— I was gravely assured once by a retired member of the craft whom I had tho pleasure of meeting at a free and easy concert, given for the benefit of a burglar's widow and family — "the whole duty of a housebreaker who respects himself." Messrs. William Hicks and John Gorman respected themselves, and they had arranged the attack on the mansion of tho J.P. with strict attention to tho rules of the game. Tho dog had been duly "got at" — a male servant sleeping in xac nouse nau oecn arrnngcu wnu — Mr. Gorman himself, dressed in his Sunday broadcloth, had duly taken stock of the position of the various rooms, staircases, &c.;, while explaining to tho housekeeper the inestimable advantage of tho new patent gas consuming burners, which save 50 per cent, in gns and arc never known to black a ceiling. The eoter- E rising traveller in the new patent gas burners ad begged to be allowed to fit one or two to the chandeliers and gas bracket?, and although not allowed to carry out his desite of fixing them in every room on approval, he had mauaged to seo nearly all he wanted to while engaging the elderly lady in conversation. He fitted one on to the knight in armour, holding a lamp up on the lower landing with extraordinary dexterity, and was up the second flight and on the bedroom floor before the old lady had time to say "That'll do thank you. I'll see how these answer first." Then he had presented her with a card of the firm he represented (it was a genuine firm's card which he had obtained), and left perfectly satisfied that the burners he had fitted on would not lead to any further correspondence with tho aforesaid house of business. Mr. William Hick?, Mr. Gorman's usual compauion in big jobs requiring norvc, skill, coolness and address, left all these preliminaries to his partner with confidence. Ho was not a Londoner, and he lacked the commercial stamp of respectability. Ho was a countrymen borne and beed, hailing from a picturesque villago in the neighborhood of Sheffield, whero his youth and early manhood had been passed in acquiring local fame. But after bringing off the biggest burglary ever known in tho county of Yorkshire, Bill came ui> to London, feeling that the great metropolis would offer an extensive field more worthy of his talents. He was also induced to abandon his county by tho fact that tho local polico on bis release from prison so far forgot that fairness which is the first clement in British justice as to follow him about, spy upon him, and generally to hamper his arrangements for future business. Tho reader having now been properly intro duced to Messrs. Hicks and Gorman, will feel at greater liberty to accompany them on their visit to the mansion of Thomas Smith, Esq., J.P. Cautiously picking their way over the grass plots and tho flower beds, and carefully avoiding the gravel paths, probably with a polite desire not to disturb any of the sleeping inmates, the two men, all the necessary implements of their, trade in their capacious side pockets, stole softly' round to the back part of the mansion whero their entranoe was to bo effected. Everything was propitious — the moon was faithful to the calculations thoy bad made by the aid of the calendar, and remained in seclusion ; the little ladder was hidden cautiously in tho shrubbery, just whero they would havo wished it to be, and when, climbing gently up it, thoy reached tho window they had selected as the weak point in tho enemy's defence, they hail only to cut a pane of tho outer glass away, and then two shutters yielded to a littlo gentle pres sure nud Bwung noiselessly back. A few more delicate operations, and then through tho now open window went Mr. Hicks, followed carefully by his friend, Mr. Gorman. Their indiarubber shoes fell noiselessly alike on stouc and carpet, their dark lanterns, carefully manipulated, yielded just tho faint gleams of light they needed, and so they stole noiselessly towards the room in which the plate was secured. Just then, whilo they were giving a passing glance round tho dinins room, whero some massive sil- ver salvers generally stood on the sideboard, and might havo been left out, as sometimes hap pened, they heard a Bound above them, a creaking on tho stairs, and through the crack of the door tlmy saw an advancing light. Instantly both men's hands sought their breast pockets. Ono man drew a revolver, the other a heavy life preserver. It was too late to retreat; tho only ;hing was to wait. Hearer came tho heavy, creaking footsteps; broador grow the ray of light, and then tno door opened, and a big, burly gentleman, with a cigar in his month, aud a candlo in his hand, strolled carelessly into the room. "I musthave dropped the blessed thing hero," he muttered to himself, peering about the room. As ho had como in, ho had pushed tho dining room door open. It swung slowly back on its hinges, and screened from view tho two burglars, who. silent and motionless, crouchod against tho wall ready to spring on tho intruder at the first cry of alarm. The proprietor of tho manoion— for it was he —went straight to tho mantelshelf, and felt up and down that, then he looked on tho table, "Confound it," he growled; "this comes of flashing thousand pound notes about, just to astonish that booby of a parson, wlic said he had never seen ono in his life. I know I had 10 in my pocket — thero are only nino now ; so I must havo dropped one." Mr. Smith, J.l\, had been smoking and read ing up in his bedroom till a lato hour, and prior to going to bed turned his pockets out on tho tabic, and found that the bundle of thousand pound notes, which ho had been "flashing," as lie vividly expressed it, was one short. Ho supposed lie must have dropped it in the dining- room, hence his small hour expedition to the lower regions. "It's not here," lie said; "perhaps I've counted tho notes wrong." Ho pulled them out of his trousers pocket into which ho had trust thorn in his bedroom, and counted them again, " one— two— three— four — no, four — five — " two of tho notes were stuck together, "six — seven— eight — nine — ten. Ten thousand pounds. Hang it, they are right after all." Ten thousand pounds in one man's hand, and that man alone in tho room with two armed burglars ! The same thought flashed simul taneously through the brain of Mr. Hicks and Mr. Gorman. Tho wealthy J. P., the man whose riches were said to ho fabulous, the man whose vast fortune accumulated by speculations in Australia, turned to leave tho diningroom, candle in hand. Whiff ! What was that. A current ot air, a sudden draught. His candle had gone out ! Only half the oatli he meant to utter left the J.P.'s lips. In a moment a pair of coarse, huge hands had him by the throat, choking the breath out of him, whilo another pair of hands were thrust into his pockets, and clutched the bundle of notes. For a second the iron grip was relaxed. Perhaps the gripper thought he was gripping too hard, and he didn't want to murder liis victim — he only wanted to silence and rob him. But the relaxation was a mistake, for iu that second the burglar found himself seized by two power ful arms, a leg was dexterously twisted round Iris, and he was hurled to the ground, while a fierce voice poured out a torrent of oaths in the broadest Sheffield dialect. "By God," oxclaimed Bill Hicks, as he struggled to his feet, while his compauion, recovering from his astonishment, clapped his hand across the J.P.'s mouth, " there's only one man I ever knew as could wrestle like that and throw me, and if it ain't him, It's his (strong word) ghost," Instantly the burglar, forgetting his caution in his excitement, opened his dark lantern, and flashed it full on the man who was struggling violently with Jack Gorman, gripping his wrists in a vice so that he could not raise a hand to use his bludgeon. As the light fell on the faco of the owner of Colston Hall, Bill Hicks cried, " I thought so. Tom Smith, o' Sheffield, by all that's wonderful ! " In a moment tho faco of the Australian mil- lionaire, which had been crimson with rago and suffocation, turned a deadly white. Ho cast a fierce, penetrating look at the burglar, and then he shivered from head to foot. " Lot him be, Jack," said Bill Hicks, quietly. " He won't make a row now. "We're old i>als, ain't we, Tom ?" Still the millionaire never moved his lips. He stood liko a man stupefied ; like a man at whose feet a thunderbolt had fallen. " Come on, Jack" exclaimed Mr. Hick?, to his astonished companion, who stood open- mouthed, wondering if he was awake or sleep ing off the effects of a big drinking bout, and passing through ono of the accompanying night- marcs, " come on, Jack ; my old pal, Tom Smith, won't round on us, will you, Tom? Lor', it's like old times, seeing you again, Tom, aud it brings back old tiincst too — lots o' things as I'd forgotten, a'most. "We'll only borrow them flimsios, Tom, and pay you back ono day, un less you think you'd like to give 'cm us for tho sake o' old times. Don't trouble to sec us to the front door ; we'll go out the way wo come, and pcrpaps you u snut tno abutters arter us, aud it they tell you to-morrow as there's a window with a pane broke you rrfny as woll say you did it yourself, accidental. It'll savo some stupid fool goin' and stuffing the polico up as burglars lias been givin' you a look in. Good night, Tom. What, you won't shake hands, wont you? Lor! Fancy you havin' a lot of dirty pride about you. But there, it's allers the way with coves as gets up in tho world. Mo aud Jack won't be proud, though we'vo made £10,000 atween us ny our night's work. Come on, Jack. Good evenin', Tom. I aint got a card with mc, but I'll drop you a line to-morrow, saying where you can see me again if you'd like to have a chat over old times, artcr alL Good night. " Messrs. Hicks and Gorman walked quietly out, and closed the door after them, leaving the millionaire alone in the darkness. As the door closed he gave a smothered cry, and then fell on his knees and buried his head in his hands. " My God, my Goil !" ho cried. 44 My siu has found mo out at last 1" Threo days later Thomas Smith, Esq., J.P., of Colston Hall, was making his way on foot across Westminster Bridge. Arrived on tho other side, ho onquircd of a policeman for a certain street, which ho had written down on a pieco of paper. Did the policeman know it ? The policeman thought ho did, rather. It was about tho worst street in London. 44 You'd better look out for your watch and chain, sir, if you are going down thero. Why, it's as full o thieves as a egg is o' meat. It's all alleys and houses as you go iu at ono end and out o' tho : other, and I vo heard as under some o'tlie houses is cellars as lead to tho river. Many a poor devil has been lured down thero of a night, sir, and novcr been heard of again, only a body posed to havo fallen in or drowned himself. Mind what you'ro about if you'ro going thore, sir." 41 1 can take care of myself," answered the millionaire ; "tell me how to get to it." The policeman directed him, aud thanking the man ho walked away. Tho policeman looked after him. 44 What's his lay, I wonder? Well, I've told him what to expect. Supposo ho knows his own business, and ho looks as if ho could take caro of himself. He's big enough." Mr. Thomas Smith reached tho street in ques tion, and ho soon found the uumber of the house ho was in search of. There was no fear of any of the inhabitants rooognUiug him, though they stared at him with a natural curiosity ns to strangers begotten of suspicion. Ho was admitted to the house directly he mentioned the narno of Mr. Hicks, aud told curtly 44 fust floor." Up to tho first floor ho went, and found Mr. Hicks waiting for him on the landing — if the dirty rotten bit of flooring could bo dignifiod with tho name. It was a very shaky landing at tho beat — for tho rails were broken away, having been used as firewood by tho tenauts, aud thore was a hole, where an entire plank had given way, quito largo enough for a leg to go througu. 44 1 don't live hore, Tom," explained Mr. Hicks, apologetically, 44 but I uso the placo for business, and I thought it would bo hotter than you com ing to my 'ouse. My old woman 'ud liko to he introduced to you, but that'll do whon wo've moved into our new villa, as wo'ro going to take as soon as you've made it all squaro ana safe for mo to change tho flimsies at tho bank. I don't want to pay tho usual discount to tho tr&do; for 'era, you know — as there ain't a going to be no stopping and no advertising — is there, Tom ?" 44 That doponde," replied tho J.I'. 44 How, what is it you've got to say ? Out with it, be cause I don't care particularly about the atmos phere of this place, and I'vo no time to waste. " 44 Right you are. Business only meant, as thoy say in tho boxing challenges. I don't want much. I've got ten thou. — half of that's Jack Gorman's. Lucky beast, Jack— but fair's fair. Wo was halves in the swag that ni£ht, and I won't go back on a bargain. " 44 What do you want?" "AVell, Tom, I ain't hardly had time to think. First, you won't try to stop them flimsies?" 44 No " 44 That's all right. It would do you no good if you did, and it wouldn't be good for mc — and the blarmcd Jew fellows would get all the profit." 44 1 tell you I won't stop them. Is that all you want?" 44 No. Five thou's a good bit, but A gent as I've consulted — a gent in the City, who docs my legal business — tells mc as it's only two hundred a year — if you don't spend it, but lends it to the government or the railways. Now, I'm getting tired of my litre of business, and I'd like to settle down respectable, and do nothing for tho rest o' my lifo oxcept take the old woman out now and then of a Sunday, and keep a pony and trap. Will you mako tho two hundred pounds £500!" 44 Yon mean will I make you au allowance of throo hundred pounds a year?" 44 That's about what I mean, I expect—" 44 And what are you going to do iu return ?" 44 Hold my tongue, Tom." The millionaire hesitated a moment. He was thiuking out the situation — weighing tho pros and cons, in the busiuess like way of a man who bad made millions by successful speculation — by knowiug when to say yes and wlrou to say no. Mr. Hicks watched his face eagerly. 44 You ought not to tako long to think about it, Tom," he said. 44 1 didn't when I first heard your name that night, and saw your face, I didn't take long to see what a stroke o' luck I tumbled on. What," says I to myself, 44 this 'ere Smith, J.P., as lives in this grand 'All — as is so rich that everybody is a talking about him, is nobody elso hut iny old pal Tom Smith as once we were lads together, and mnny a spree wo bad, too. Tom as has had the row with Jim Oldroyd, the keeper's son, about the pretty Little girl Polly Thwaites, and ono night, when he'd had a drop to drink, and was mad with jealousy, met Jim, and fougiit him — fought him fair, I tiaro say, if there'd been anybody to see it, only there wasn't — so it was jolly awkward for Tom, ns Jim never went home that night, but was found lying in the wood, and carried home, and never spoke a word. And it was to mo aud my mate, Joo Heslop — you remember Joe — I dare say I could find him if I tried — as came and told you they'd found Jiin dying ; aud you said, 4 My God, I'vo killed him.' And wc told you to clear out quick, and get away afore you got lagged and scragged. It was good advice, Tom ; it must have been, seeing as you went to furriu' parts, and here you aie after 20 years, come back busting with money, and you're»a big swell, and nobody hut me knows you're the Tom Smith o' Sheffield, as killod Jim Oldroyd iu a drunken passion, becauso he was sticking up to Polly Thwaites — and I was a good pal to you nftcr that too, for I never breathed a word, and when it got put about that poor Jim had beeu killed by poachers as owed liiin and his father a grudge, I never said what I knowed, no more did Joo Heslop, as I might kuow where to find, for I heard of him nor more than two years ago — and now you'ro up iu the world, and a regular Baron Rothschild, and all through me advising you to get out of tho country, 1 don't think you will be ungrate ful and refuse mc my bit, for hang it, I deserve it." The rich man — the man whose name was respeotcd for his wealth and his vast charities, for his business skill, and his hick commercial position, hit his lip and set his teeth with nervous rage, as the disreputable companion of his vaga bond ill-spent youth coolly dragged up from the buried past the ghastly secret that had driven from his native land. Ho had salved his con science, as soon as ho had developed one, again and again with tho thought that his fight with Jim Oldroyd was a fair ono— that it had been blow for blow, until ho caught Jim that terrifio smash on the side of his head that felled him like a bullock, and then staggered away to sleep oif his drunken fury, never thinking but that Jim would get up and crawl away home, crest fallen and humbled. But when ho heard that Jim was dying he was terrified. There had been no witnesses to the fight. Ho himself had scarcely a mark or a bruise to show, for the fight had been all in his favor and he had parried his less skilled antagonist's blows, and beyond a slight cut on his cheek had nothing to show in his own favor, and so ho ran awny. He had killed a man and thero was nothing to provo that he hadu't killed him wilfully out of revenge and jealousy. Ho did not boar a good character in the neighborhood ; he was a rowdy and a roysterer, and his companions were as rowdy as himself. He had no relatives but an aunt, who disliked him and grumbled at liirn, aud would bo glad to get rid of him and so he fled— fled from tho justico which ho bclioved would baud him over to the gallows. And in 20 years ho roturuod to England a millionaire — forgotten in his native village— giving himself out to havo passed his whole life in Australia ; asked no questions that his wealth did not answer, fully believing that no ono would ever dream of coupling him with Tom Smith, tho Sheffield lad. His aunt had been dead for years, his old companions would have forgotten him, and ho was uot likely to revisit his native village. Always whon he thought of tho past, ho com forted himself with the idea that it was a fair fight. Anil au accident of tho fight that Oldroyd was fatally injured. But now hero was an old companion of bis — a man who had become a professional burglar— a man who would find others to join him if necessary, in swearing that he killed Oldroyd, that ho was tho murderer who had run away to avoid arrest, a man who had murdered his rival, inaddenod by drink and jealousy. And if this story were told of him, and if ho were arrosted, and tho scandal spread, and ho could refuto it 1 If ho fouud peoplo to bolievo that his statement was true — and it was a fair Ggkt — what thou? "Would not all his career bo brought up against him. Would not ho, the millionaire, tho justice of tho peace, the patron of the benevolent institutions, the priucely subscriber to Christian missions, the ffited and run after Thomas Smith, Esq., stand confessed the former companion and associate of men who were now notorious criminals ? And bis wife, his sons and his daughters, what shame would not thoy havo to oudure if this wretched story wore made public— if he wero denounced by this scoundrel— or by somo one instructed by him, to tho police, and arrested ? Tho Australian millionaire, tho British justico of tho peace, thought tho wholo matter out, aud made up his mind. 44 1 accept your terms," ho said. 44 You can tako your notes to tho bank. You'll lot your 4 lawyer' do it for you if you toko my advice, and so long as you neither communicate with rae nor annoy mo in any way, but koop your former knowledge of mo absolutely to yourself, and prevent your compauion from presuming on what he heard and witnessed at tho Hall, I will pay to you, through my lawyers, the sum of £300 a year. Send mo tho namo of tho lawyer who is going to tako chnrge of your affairs, and mino shall coinmuuicato with him. Is that satisfactory?" 44 Quite," replied Mr. Hicks. 44 Tom, you'ro a brick, and you can trust mo to keep my mouth .shut. I retire from business and becomo a re spcctablc gent from this day." Mr. Hicks held out his baud, Mr. Smith didn't notice it, said 44 Good morning," aud mndo his way out of the street and across Westminster bridgo as rapidly as ho could. That evening Mr. Gorman came to Mr, Hicka's residenoo to supper, and Mr. Gorman, quito satisfied that tho 44 flimsies" could bo dealt with at their full valuo over tho countor of the Bank of England, agreed to leave tho matter entirely in Mr. Hicka's hands to arrange, and thought that after all he might as well bo respectable too, and immediately began to look about for a little cottage in the country, whero he might devoto himself to horticulture generally, and rose growing in particular, for Mr. Gorman had one weakness in his burglarious character, and that weakness was flowers. Ho had even been known to walk ou a gravel path whilo trying to break into a house, rather than ttamplo down a bed and injuro the flowers. Such a dclicato trait in the character of a man of Mr. Gorman's profession is worth making a noto of when found. Mr. Hicks congratulated himself on the fact that since his last sentence had expired — only vory recently it must be confessed — he had not succeeded in bringing off a job. This, which at one time he had resented as bad luck, he now confessed was quite tho reverse, for there was nothing which tho police could bring up against him which would warrant them in depriving him temporarily of tho enjoyment of tho privileges of a gentleman of independent means, should they recognise in William Hicks, Esq., of Myrtle Villa, Sydenham, tho once notorious crib cracker and ex-couvict, known at Scotland Yard and among his intimates as 44 Bill tho Gouger," on account of a littlo trick ho onco played with the visual organ of a too presump tuous policeman. It should bo recorded that Mr. Hicks fully carried out his intention of turning 44 respect able," and to-day ho is a highly respeotcd meinbec of the vigilance committeo of his district — a conimitteo which has been formed for the sup prcsBion of everything that is wicked, and for the raising of tho moral tone of the vigilance committee's neighbor?. There is a rumor that Mr. Hicks stands a very fair chance of becoming churchwardeu, but some of his supporters aro not quite certain that tho feathers which Mrs. Hicks wears in her bat when they drive to church on Sunday in tho pony trap (the pony ia a fast trotter) would be quito serious euough for a churchwarden's wife. Thomas Smith, Esq., of Colston Hall, has quite recovered from tho 6hock ho experienced when a former acquaintance of his called upon him nt such an unusual hour iu the morning and borrowed £10,000. Ho is a great patron of nearly everything that wants money, and lie is universally respected. He travels about a good deal, but ho has never yet visited tho neighborhood of Sheffield. From the hour he left his native village, which is about 7 miles from that grimy centro of industry, ho has never mentioned the fact that he knows that bucIi a placo exists. He has blotted it out of his memory. Most rich men like to know some thing of their old homes ond their old associa tions. Mr. Smith would as soon think of draw ing his own teeth as a distraction as of making inquiries about the home of his boyhood. It U always best to let sleeping dogs lie. Ifyoa don't they aro liable to becomo wide awake, and instead of lying to tell tho truth. There aro some truths which even a benevolent million aire would rather the public wero not favored with. 