IRovelist NADJA; ? , - OB, A Battle With Death. ? A .Love Story Founded on the Mys teries of Theosophy and Transmigration. By FREDERIC M. DEY, Author* of " Nurha; or, Reuben Cogswell"s 7"estainciilary Request" CHAPTER I. THOSE EYIiH Oil7 BLAZING FIRE. ; The story which I am about to relate ia so filled with mystory, "so repleto with those things whioh the world calls impossibilities, that I oan often find myself wondering if it can be true. Oan it bo that I have dreamed it all, and by reason of its constant associa tion with faots, hava thus taught myself to . believe it? No, no ! By my side sits Nadis, and from her lips ootna the repented ussur anoe that it has been no dream. In the wondrous depth of her midnight eyes I see that all has been reality. I know that 1 now dwell in the perfect bliss of her love, and ? that I have only obtained it by ariBing, Phcenix like, from tha ashes of the blighting, consuming fire which scarred me, body and . bouI, beyond recognition. I can hear now " the hissing of the Same, and can yet feel the Boorohing, withering heat that shot out from the woman with the burning eyes, her Nemesis and mine. "No, no I It has been no dream. It was all too horrible, too terrible, too real! I /have lived it through; I have borne the tests; 1 have fought the dread battle with . dark mystery for a foe, and I bavo been vic \- torioue. From out the maze of smoke and heat, the terror of the dread duel to the death, where in the woman-fiend was so often, for a time, the victor, I have issued unsoathed; and as I look back upon that strange chapter of my life, and bringto mind the wonderful power of my steadfast friend, who so magically pene trated the mysteries that would otherwise have engulfed mo, as I reoall the almost im possible achievements of hia oooultism, his , knowledge of the black arts of Hindoo lore, ' -1 start yet again with womier and alarm,and , it Is not till I feel her arms twining around niy nealt, until her warm, rod lips are pres sing mine, that I am assured that I do not Bleep, that I have not been dreaming, that I may not Boon open my eyes to lind thai lam 'bUU alone in my studio, in the fading light " of. daj*, unloved, sad, and with passing hours beooming more and more a confirmed . dreamer. But I will tell the story in detail; I will unfold it, page by page, incident by inci . dent ; and perhaps the recital, the careful re tro pesiy may be.'p to drive away the fanoies which tho terror and the horror of It all have BO firmly imprcBsod upon me. . . ' t . 0 ' I sat alone In my studio just as day waB j ? .merging into night-alone with tho ghosts ?which my fancy wrought upon each half finished canvas, a3 the eddying light o£ that dying day became with eaoh moment more and more alien thed in shadow. I wag _ rapidly becoming a victim of melancholia; my gaiety bad turned, daring the past few months, into moroseneBB, my high spirits into bicter dissatisfaction and petulanse. The day, which was just drawing to a olose, bad been one of bitter disappointment to me, for I had seen the honor which my ability had rightfully won deliberately . . awarded to another. Outwardly I remained oalm, but upon returning to my studio I had thrust my hand and arm through the oanvaB . upon which my groatest effort had been growing day by day for weeks. I had ruined the painting effectually, and tbea, with a grin o! satisfaction, 1 had lighted my pipe -and thrown myself into the'lounging chair hefore the window, where I sat watching the aunset tints and bitterly wondering if those Same connoisseurs who hod condemned me . would not al=o have passed by those golden clouds with which Nature's brush had so grandly decorated the sky. | As I watched the gorgeous coloring, the Btrip of gold-hued cloud, I became imbued with the idea that Pate had placed it there as a promise for my future ; but I laughed aloud, ironically, at the thought, while I muttered savagely: "Although it ia gold now, Bhonldlbut touch ft, it would turn to brae3 on the instant." Still I could cot drive away the thought; it" wa3 pleasant to dream upon, and BO I allowed my fancy to build its castles in the air.. ? Suddenly there was a sharp rap upon the panel of my door. It came bo unexpectedly and-broko in bo rudely upon my dreaming that I had leaped to my feet before I'realised ? the nature of the alarm* For a moment I thought that I would make no.rcFpouee. I was not in the mood to entertain, and still lets to tear the pity ing condolencea of some artist friend, who had probably callcd for tho purpose of mourning with me over my defeat. As I stood in the contre of the floor, undecided whether to admit niy caller or not, the rap was repeated, and th*r v 'arm was BO much louder than t,hepreceding one had been, that I;hesitated no longer, bat stepped quickly forward una threw open the dcor.. . r.Witlh ft loud ory I stacrgered back, and Bto.od Btenng ifftightedly into the black darkness of tho corridor, for there, before -^ne, Were two balls of living fire, glowing, Bgfijkliog, burning. They blazsd upon me Irom Ihc darlnetP, as though same wild beast cf ibo jangle were crouching there, *eady to spring upon and devour me. _ In deed, that was the first £fn?ation of which I was conscious, and tfco .next one came .when a voioc-a woman'tf voica-addressed mo: " Is this tho studio of Mr. Congdon ?" ' " It is," I replied, in a low tone, not yet tiayirg recovered my -ivit?7" and mentally ?chiding tny own 'oily and stupidity." " Will you walk in?" $be eimrvi -a tall figure habited entirety in black-and I could not help shuddering as she drew near to me, just as though her very presence had brought a dread with ifc -a premonition of coming evil. I hurriedly lighted the gas, feeling that the darkueHs was the causa of my fancies, and then turned to offer my visitor a ohair. But again I started violently, tor the face that I saw before me was so strange, so un natural in its death-like lividness. Her complexion, though dark almost to ewarthi ness, had absorbed a pallor which reminded me of a sheet of parohment buried for ages in some forgotten tomb, only to be at last ex humed, yellowed by a thousand years of time. . The coloring of her face was as nothing, however, and I would have Bpeedily - for gotten it had not her jetty hair set it off so strangely, so vividly. But when my glanoe met hers-when I looked into her eyes I stood appalled. They literally burned, and with a fire BO intense that I involuntarily put up my hands, as though to bar out ffc" heat that must be emitted from them. 1 >>;as repelled yet fasoinated. I longed to fiy from the blazing fury whioh seemed ever ready to dart out upon me, and yet I felt irresistibly drawn nearer and nearer. I was fcerror Btricken, yet charmed. I did not speak-1 could not. The room grew suddenly hot and stifling, my breath came with difficulty, and I had the feeling that my senses were in some unaccountable manner being stolen from me. Summoning all my energies with one' mighty effort, I turned to the window and drew down ihe otirtain. The diversion re lieved me, the oppressive sensations were gond, so that when I again faced my guest I believed that my imagination had played me a triok, for the fire had died out of her strange, dark eyes, leaving them dim and almost expres sionless, while around the corners oi her mouth there played a peculiar smile, as though in the brlsf interval during which she had been with me some query that had been upon her mind was effectively an swered I was impressed with the idea that, however she might state the object of her oall,there was some hidden intent behind it,of which I was to become an unsuspecting, perhaps unoonsciousivictim. I felt a strange, sudden chill steal over me-that shiver which ohildren Bay is caused by the aob of somebody in stepping upon one's future grave. "Mr. Congdon," she said," I have come here upon the recommendation of one of | your artist friends, a Mr. Jules Delorme." "Ah I" I replied, abruptly, for I suddenly remembered that as I was leaving tho Aoademy that afternoon Jules had thrust a bit of folded paper into my hand, which I, in turn, had consigned to my pocket without I reading, being too muoh oooupied by the j bitterness of my own thoughts to think of it ) again. In all probability it referred to this oall, and I wished that I had read it. How ever, I could do go as soon as I should be ; again alone. j "I want you to paint a poitrait for me," I Bhe_ continued, sinking into tho easy-chair againBfc which my pipe was still leaning " the portrait of one who is so beautiful that -you have but to Bucceed in making a peifeot picture to beoome at once famous." I bowed in reply, for I dared not speak; my heart was bounding with too much exul tation, Ifc was the very opportunity for which I had longed. «' You will have but little time in whioh to accomplish the task set for you," she went j on in a low monotone whioh seemed peouliar to herthree days at tho most." j " Impossible I" I exolaimed. " No artist could do a portrait justice with only three sittings, and I loaBt of all." She shrugged her shoulders. " Nothing is impossible if the will ba but strong enough. True, you will have yeur model for only three sittings, but they may begin early and end at your own pleasure. May I depend upon you to paint the portrait, Mr. Ccfflgdon ? Will you do it ?" " But there are others who possess much greater talent than I," I began with some hesitation, but she interrupted me quickly. "For my purposes," she said, in a low tone, " believe me, there is no one half as capable as yourself. Will you do it ?" _ She leaned forward as Bbe asked the ques tion, and again for an instant her eyes blazed with that strange fire whioh rendered | the atmosphere I breathed bo hot and stifling. " Can it be a portrait of her own faee?" I thought, for with all the weirdnoss which seemed to be a part of her, there was yet a strange, wild beauty woven into her features. "But no," I half muttered in reply to my own thought, and then I answered her aloud. " I will attempt ifc," I said; and a Btrange, exulting smile illuminated her faoe for an in stant. "Tell me, now, who and what is my model?" I continued; and as I asked the question my visitor's face lighted up yet once again with that incomprehensible smile. " Your model," Bhe replied, in a low tone which thrilled me, '* is one who sinoe she first breathed the breath of life has been my constant care. She is beautiful, the perfec tion of oreation. Were you gifted with the imagination of the gods of art and with tho brush of Gui^o, and could you Bit her alone in your studio and transfer to canvas a por traiture of the acme of beauty, the perfect ideal of loveliness, you would have no need to see ysur model, for her pioture would grow before your eyes." ' " She rose from her low seat in the easy chair, and laid a card upon the table,, and then glided rapidly towards the; door. Pausing as she was about to pass through it, she said: " We will be ready for you at nine in the morning. The address is upon the card." The door closed behind her and Bhe waB gono, while I still remained Beated upon the stool in front of my easel, conscious that I had shown her but scant courtesy, and yet, for some reason, powerless to move. For a long time after she had left me I remained motionless, wondering in a dreamy sort of way what it all meant ,* why I had been seleoted as tho artist for this work when there were so many with ready-made reputa tion who were csrtainly more capable. I wondered who my caller could bo, and why her presence had moved me so strangely, I marvelled thas I, who believed myself BO strong, had been so easily swayed by the will of a strange woman. My head throbbed with new sensations long { after she had gone, while many misgivings presented themselves to my fanciful mind as the possible consequence of her visit. At last I reaohed forward and took up the card which .she had left upon the table, but as I glanoed at it I felt a thrill of dis may. There was no name upon it-nothing bat the address. The street and number were there plainly enough, but that was all. I did not yet know who my visitor was, nor oould I learn until the morrow. She did not give me her name; I bad not thought to ask it. In fact, the more I pon dered over the occurrence the morel became convinced that in some way of which I was totally ignorant my visitor had compelled J me to remain satisfied with the little she obese to tell me, and that my natural zee! for learning all that could be learned 1 regarding (he appointment had been for gotten. Had I been rcade the viotim of-a hoax, or was my caller insane ? Suddenly I remembered the note which Jules haji thrust into my hand at the door of the Academy, and I drew it forth eagerly, thinking that I would there find some ex planation of the chain of circumstance?. But a new disappointment awaited me as I read the note. It ran: "DEAR -B&IKE;&T;,-I have taken the liberty of recommending your name to a person who wishes a portrait of the most beautiful oreature I ever saw. I declined the task for reasons which you will under stand when you see your model. I could not have done the painting justice.- but I am | convinced that you can. You know what a dread I have of anything out of the beaten track. I would say more if I could, but I have broken my word even now, for I pro mised to eay nothing, and I am obliged to confess that I do not even know the name of the person to whom I have recommended you. I hope that you will undertake the portrait and succeed well with it. " JULES DELOBJIIS." For a long time I pondered over the words which Jules bad written, and then I tore up the note and forgot it. But I had decided to keep the appoint ment I bad made, at all events. The morrow will reveal the mystery to me, if mystery there were, and I could wait. I turned out the light, and, taking my pipe once more, sat for a long time in the easy* chair before the window, thinking, doubting, wondering-"dreaming dreamB no mortal ever dared to dream before," until at last say eyes dosed, and then I dreamed indeed. I found myself suddenly in a brilliantly lighted room, standing, brush in hand, before a monstrous easel, whioh was draped with long festoons of crepe. The very walls of the apartment were hung with the Bymbols of mourning, while the hush of death rested upon the silent air. Be'ore me stood my model, a creature so perfect, so superbly beautiful, that I felt my own utter in ability to comprehend the loveliness of her exquisite face. For many moments it seemed as though I sat staring, enthralled and speechless, upon that vision of wondrous beauty, until at last, in desperation, I touched my brush to the canvas. On the instant the entire vision ohanged, and instead of that form of magnificent splendor and perfect beauty, I saw before me the face of my late caller. But, in some way, even that was transformed. The latent beauty or nobility whioh I had seen in it had fled, and in its place was the face of a woman-fiend. The burning eyes seemed, in my dream, literally to blaze with fire, until the flames shot oat of them and filled the room with a stifling heat. I gazed upon her, fascinated, for with every instant the face before me more and more reassumed the fea tures of the face that I had seen first, until at last the radiance of that great beauty Bhone upon me again. But Btop! and in my dream I seemed al most to hold my breath for an instant. There was a difference! What was it ? The face whioh my vision pictured before me, and which 3 was to portray upon the canvas, was that of my model; but even though I admitted that muoh, I felt assured that her soul had somehow gone out, and that the personality was that of the woman with the burning eyes. The face was there, but the soul Beemed to have de parted. Again 1 lifted the brush and essayed to paint, but, as the pioture grew, I saw that 1 was depicting the livid pallor, the parch ment-like skin, and the burning, fiery eyes of my caller instead of the face of my model. I cast the canvas aside, and tried again. The result was the same. Again and yet again I renewed the attempt; but with every effort that terrible face grew more and more hideous, more and more frightful; It beeame a menaoe ; it appalled me. I worked as I bad never worked before. 1 strove with all my might to paint the counterpart of the face of my model, but it ever Beemed as though that hideous soul burned through the beautiful features, and I could depiot nothing else. At last, in utter despair, I threw down my palette and brush, as, with a paroxysm of rage, I tore tbe canvas into strips and stamped upon them. " Bring back the soul that once dwelt be hind those eyes, and I will paint the por trait !" I oried, in my dream ; " but I cannot, cannot do it now!" Then the roam resounded with a laugh which filled me with horror-a laugh of triumph, a laugh of menace. " That soul has fled, but mine is here," I heard the voioe of my caller say, in piercing tones. " Paint that!" * "No, no I" I oried; "Ioannot! I will searoh for the other 1 I will find it! Even though it has been carried across the Styx into the regions of darkness I will find it and bring it back !" "Fool!" returned the woman. "vIn searching for that you will lose your own. Stay and paint the picture as you find it."' But I paid no heed to her words. 1 darted away out of the room, followed'by her de risive laugh. " She is a fiend," I oried-" a fiend I" as 1 hurried on. 1 , And there my dream ended, and all once more beoame a blank. I slept. 