DO DEA.D MEN DllEAM P A CONTRIBUTION TO TifE SCIENCE OF OIIOSJLS. £Kovicw of Review*."] Messrs. Trubiicr und <Co. publish twice a year a plain, unpretending-looking volumo in a green pnpor baok. It bcat-stlic unattractive nnmo of" Proceedings of the Society for Psychical Research." This dull title covers a mine of the most sensational Articles issued from the periodical press. There are 50 pagos of (he present number written by Mr. IT. W. 11. Myers, which outdo in interest almost any 50 pages which have been printed recently. Ihcy are entitled, " On recognised apparitions ocourring more than a year ufter death," and thoy consist of a collection of well-authenticated ghost stories, upon which Mr. Myers bases a theory that appariuo,;s are in reality the dreams of the dead men, and can be explained scientifically by the analogy of telepathy. WHAT IS A GnOgT ? Mr. Myers dismisses as . unscientific the popular conccption of a ghost as a dead per son permitted to communicate with the living. His definition of a ghost is that it is a mani festation of presistcnt personal energy, or that it is a residue of (he force or energy which the man generated while he was still alive, which clings to the locality in which lie f>pent his existence. He argues plausibly that the best key to the laws governing the phenomena of apparitions is most likely to be., suggested by studying the laws which, govern the manifestation of spirits while in the flesh. " Two such laws 1 believe to exist. In the first place, I believe that telepathy — the transferrence of thought through other than sensory channels—exists both as between em bodied and disembodied spirits. I hold that apparitions after death result from the continued exercise of the same energy by the spirit* of the departed. " And in the second place I regard it as analogically probable that " ghosts' must therefore as a rule represent, not conscious or central currents of intelligence, but mere automatic projections from the conscious nesses which have their centres everywhere." A DEAD MAN DREAMING OE HIS SKELETON. This is somewhat obscure, but it is better illustrated by the extraordinary story of the well authenticated discovery of a skeleton by a revelation in a dream. " A man is murdered in a bedroom of a Scotch farmhouse. His body is carried out and hastily buried in the open field. For 40 years the murdered man retains some consciousness of this tragedy. He broods over the fact of his death in that room, his interment in that stony hillock. At last the bedroom is occupied by a man sensitive to the peculiar influence which (on our hypo thesis) these broodings of the deceased per sons diffuse. The dream of the dead passes into a dream of the living ; it presists in in 's mind with the same intensity as in the murdered man's own imagination. The purpose once achieved—the discovery made— the obsession ceases. " And at any rate this conception of a dead mat?s dream of a probably unconscious gravi tation of some friction of his disembodied entity towards his old associations—a Sowing of some backwater of his being's current into channels familiar long ago— will serve to supply a fairly coherent conception of the meaning of those vague hauntings into which, as we have seen, our narratives of recognised post mortem apparitions imperceptibly glide." THE ANALOGY OP THE ELECTRIC LAMP. This story of a dead man's dream is as weird as any professional wizard ever invented. It is somewhat difficult to translate the con ception into language which can be under stood by those not familiar with the technical phraseology of pyschical researchers. But if we might make a bold effort we should say that it amounts to a theory that a man does not die altogether, and pass totally into a different state of being. A certain shadowy semblance of himself lingers behind, which, when the dead man elsewhere dreams of his old life, assumes a more palpable shape, and occasionally becomes visible to the eyes of mortals, as the slender filament of the incan descent lamp becomes luminous when the electricity is turned on. SOME AUTHENTIC GHOSTS. Of this several extraordinary illustrations are given by Mr. Myers. One story is told by an American commercial traveller, which describes how his sister appeared to him, nine years after her death, at noonday. The peculiarity of this ghost was that the brother saw upon his sister's face a red scratch which he had never seen during his lifetime. He hastened home and told the story to. his parents. His mother was at once thrown into a state of profound consternation, and confessed while laying out the corpse she had inadvertently scratched its face, and had hidden the fact from every humau being until the apparition of her daughter's ghost bearing the scratch on her cheek had com pelled her to confess what had happened. Another story tells how an old Lady Car narvon, who died iu 1862,- appeared ] in her house at Penworth some 11 years later, j A very curious story is told, in Bale Owen s j " Foot falls," of a washerwoman's ghost who j persistently haunted another woman for several nights, urging her to go to a priest j who would pay 3s. 10d., which she owed to ' some one not mentioned. Following up this | clue it was found that she actually did owe ' 3s. lOd. to a grocer. The sum was paid and the hauntings ceased. The ghost of Voltaire is said to have been seen writing as lately as 1867, in the Chateau de Pragimj, near Nyon, in Switzerland. Mr. Myers suggests that in many of these cases the apparition is due to something like the working out of a post hypnotic suggestion. WHY GHOSTS HAUNT PLACES. Thus we may conceive, a murdered mau, for instance, a3 feeling persistently that he ought not to have been murdered—that his existence should still be continuing in his earthly home. And if his apparition is seen in that home, we need not say that be is (condemned to walk there,' but rather that his memory or his dream goes back irresistibly to the scene to which in a sense he feels that he still belongs. I say ' his memory or his dream ; ' bnt it is, of course, possible that neither word may suggest a close parallel to what actually occurs. There may be a deeper severance in the personality of the dead. There is nothing per se improbable in the idea that our personality—so much more fiaction able during our earthly life than were wont to imagine—should be susceptible, when, liberated from the body, of still profounder divisions. For the present, however, it seems better to keep to more familiar awalogies, and to use the word 11 dream ' as the wildest term available, though, of course, without assuming that the decedent is in any sense asleep. It is evident that if Mr. Myers is right we shall have to reconstruct the whole of our theory of personality. 