The Open Column. [This column being open for the expression of opinions on public matters we do not hold ourselves responsible for the statements made therein.] To the Editor of the "Northern Star." A wise man on his head is better than a fool on his legs. (A nut for Junius.) It is better to be LAME IN HIS HEEL than in his head. SIR,--I notice in your columns of Saturday, 7th June, that my dear friend Junius, and his mask, has come again with another written burlesque, I should properly call it a dialogue. It contains nothing but an exem- plification of my adage over and over, and touching a little now and then with reference to the Coercion Act, and with great allu- sions to the Gagging Act. It really seems to me that Junius is jammed up in the corner, just what he might have expected. He sees no way of getting out of it, only by calling himself a young gentleman of re- tiring disposition. Just so, but he will not come from behind his anonymous mask. He says again he does not wish to advertise himself. Now, is this not a curiosity, in regard to much literature, to come from the lips of such a cultured authorship. I am sure it pertains greatly to an exhibition of Junius' acumen of the highest order; but I have always noticed how "Fools rush in where angels fear to tread." "Of folly, vice, disease, men proud we see, And stranger still of blockheads' flattery, Whose praise defames, as if a fool should mean, By spitting on your face to make it clean." Mr. Editor, I am sorry I have to trespass again on your space to answer this unknown visitor, who is acting behind the scenes as a critical mimic. In his first act he says "It is with fear and trembling that I again venture to attack Mr. Harley.'' I thought he was going to give us a bit of Macbeth: "Is it a vision I see in front of me? It is a dagger, O let my clutch thee." Then his next character is, he quotes "Mr. Harley's egotism," we will end that with a do, do, to save space and ink for the poor Editor. Next he comes out in his rags like King Lear in madness. He says Mr Harley is very crushing in his remarks on things in general. Sir, I deny that I am a supporter of the gag- ging act, without my oppressor first slings it at me. Act, the second. Now Junius comes out in his original literature. He says he will give Mr. Harley, sen., a little informa- tion on my scholastic education as to be an able writer in pronouncing my sensitiveness, and quotes, "A Daniel! A Daniel has come again." O, Jerusalem! Jerusalem! What I have suffered for you. Now, note Junius in his third character. Mr. Editor please to put a capital P to it, so that the public attention will be called to it, and they can take a copy of it and stick it up in the market place, as Judith did with the head of Holofernes. Now make note with a big N where Junius denies ever saying "that Tunstal was a beautifully situated place near the Winsome Vintage, but owing to the per- versity of human nature that large town- ship will never be planted." So says Junius. I will leave that to a public verdict. Act 3. Now Junius comes, out in his character per- taining to the gagging act. Mark well the words, put a big M. He says if Mr. Harley is not more careful in making animadver- sions, although small they may appear --any portion would think the words came from a bush lawyer--I forgot to say celebrated--I hope you will excuse me in my ignorance, it is for the want of education. I wonder is Junius applying for a billet for a school- master. Now, I am going to give Mr. Junius one of Paddy's riddles:-- You may harness me down with your pen in hand, Be sure you take care of your curb and rein, I scorn your last epithet from your puny hand. As the wild tempest doth scorn the chain. Now, why don't Mr. Junius give us some- thing fresh instead of giving us so much of the capital P please. I think Junius must be fond of split peas with his porridge in the morning when he does the looking over his uncle's dictionary for those big words 'Cum grano salis.' How nice and salty it must be to his taste, when he says, how sublime it goes down, how exquisite. He then rambles on to something about anticipation, and then on to something about the dead. Surely Junius must anticipate something in front of him, he must have the trembles to the purpose. Look at his pathetic appeal where he says "Mr. Harley, don't disturb the dead, try and omit the name of Daniel." I wonder has Junius seen the ghost of Daniel. He says, mark, leave the dead alone. O, how solemn he says it. Rest in peace--Amen. More rogues than honest men. Now, Mr. Fditor, I must thank you for your space, I hope I shall not have to trouble you again until Junius gives you that great oration, RE survey and deviations, where the rice will grow spontaneously, and where all the bridges and railway stations will be. Then, Mr. Editor, you will hear the unani- mous voice from all the large and small farmers in and around all the large estates, stated by me in my previous letter, starting from Lismore to Casino, where it stands. Hoping to see the railway running soon by the present surveyed line, from thence to thence, that is approved of by the Govern- ment. Then Junius, Junius, I will feel for you, you will always find me to the end 'semper idem' and 'semper paratus.' 'Voila tout.' O that you had the gift to see Your self as you are seen, You soon would lose your foolish airs, And not appear here again. No body will mourn for you, No body will think of giving a sigh, No body will miss you, no body will cry. DAVID HARLEY, Sen., South Lismore. 11th June, 1890. 