gig l!EATJNTEB"GT7IiLT (By William Sylvester Walkeb.) AUNTED Gully was ^.haunted no longer. The .. two original prospectors^ i -who had namedthe place had been absorbed, and almost forgotten in the concourse of diggers, whose new log liufcs, claims; and constantly agitated windlasses be spoke the eviction of the genus loci, which was popularly supposed to brood over the buried gold of this deep and densely-wooded ravine. t "• ' "French Billy had explained the earjy existing erroi: attached to the locality^ and I confess that the hitherto secluded snot was rifled of its charms as he did so. " You see,;? said he, with much excite ment, . " those two fellows tfork lik<* niggers, two-treefw:eek, when they go to plenty, —too much;^hBii:■|;winaoV TmckNin "the night, guiiy, lose their place is hanted-^-ghosts take away their things. Sacre! they'gefc drunk, that's all. ' 'V Considering" that Billy, oh his first pilotage of myself to the OuUy* had pointed out a swag reposing against a tree, half way. down one of the sides of the great rift, where it had apparently been brought to a "sudden stop in its downward career, and reflecting also that we discovered that same afternoon a new tin billy, a small bag of flour, and a pick-handle, at various points,. and that when : after infinite pains we had carried these articles and our own tools, to the prospector's hut, half way up the other side of the ravine,. we had been received with smiles and uulimited offers of battle-axe, I came to the conclusion that Billy was right. As to the pros pectors, they didn't care. They were on good gold, and had probably spread the report of ghostly thieves to scare away intruders. But sticking, so constantly to tile same place was against them. They were watched and the new rush began, headed by ourselves. It was not long before our party of five-had ruti up a substantial log hut, , and were living in clover, retiring to- rest in our bunks at night literally tired out, and—oh, delightful life—dreaming of unearthing the largest nugget ever heard of. With the exception of never knowing what Jemmy, our new chum partner, would be up to next, our lines had indeed chance 1 .upon pleasant places, and when the pudding machine was finished we considered that we should be able to mak+s plenty of tribute money, even if our own claim turned out to.be a duffer. It was^iio sinecure, tfiis looking after jemmy. You couldn't tru=t! him to "work for more than ten minutes at a time -without Hinging down iii.s shovel and rushing off like a maniac to wash a prospeut. He had already set lire to .the hut, and liad demolished a valuable 'possum rug in his efforts to put it out again. He had boiled all the honi handles, oil'our knives and forks, ;md had got bushed nine tinn s, when all hands-had to tarn out- with liottle-lan terns to liud him. Our Sundays were genMaily quiet, sometimes varied by a, long prospecting walk with some experienced digger, who would read gold-sign in the vain runlets like a book, and beguile the way with divers stories of digging life, and the evening generally saw our party, seated in conclave, sometimes rending, some times singing,, but always ready to rush into the al l-absorbing topic—gold- find ing, at the slightest hint from any one. It was on these occasions that our sanctum would be invaded by diggers, with specimens— nuggets, . crystallised quartz, garnets, and zircons. Once I remember seeing two sapphires that had been picked out of the tailings from the cradles, but we did not then know .the value, or c-ven the identity of many of the stones—all hands would gather round, and minutely examine theui, and yarns would be spun of old days—Ben digo and WalhaUa old days, until we felt* refreshed and satisfied. At other times our Sundays would be uneventful until " Sauerkraut" dropped in to en ! liven them. Of course, Sauerkraut was not his real name. No one ever owned up to a real name on the diggings—" Bill "~ the Painter," "Jack the Butcher," or " SwanhiH Jem," were good enough for .■ us. . We always answered to them. I daresay some of us forgot occasionally ; both christiau and surname, or only surmised, in a sort of half-doubting won derment that we had once owned such a title, together with a silk hat and a pair of gloves, in a distant and far-off existence, as it were. Hans Haupmani) >vas the name given by his godfather and god mother to ^he indi vidual in question," but French Billy had rechristened him, under th« in fluence. of MarteU's brandy, and the cognomen had adhered like sticking plaster. With all his quaint, foreign ways, Sauerkraut was beloved iu Haunted GuUy: No one could look upon his friendly, honest Teutonic'face, beaming upon everyone,'without feeling a thrill , of interest in the ipan himself. Heliad nulyone fault, he was a victim to dpep 1 sinking—hot -''gold-mining though he . had. exp^rienceda plethora of that also— but-he was given tp sudden spasmodic ■ "outbursts of hard-driufcxng. ■ "It'tont matter boys/'-lie would say, when remonstrated with' hyhiafriehd.-}, ■who had puMfd him through a sharp alcoholic attack. "It dont matter, I haf none left in de vorldt to care for me, and mein ieetle fraulein she is ted, laid the grass grow green above her grave in de Liebenwalde, I see mine fault' as well as you, but it tont.matter," v Sauerkraut had .worked Msclaiui with. varying success, always butting, or in other words, living alone. Good luck invarisbly ended la a -carouse, and he wotild emerge from a bout as one who had come back from the dead. He : had, when debarred from our society, two constant companions one inanimate, the other dumb. Yet from the former • he could evoke such Sweet and solemn strains^ that" his solitude Was solitude no longer, .and many a] digger, passing his rude " hut on^the hillside after- nightfall - would pause jand listen, and perchance remarking to ... himself, with bated breath, that "Sauerkraut was on the picolo, again," stroll bn in meditative mood. The =other friend was a rough but sympathetic dog, named Schneider. As we tu rned »way one night and de scended the zigzag,track down, the gully the st/ains of . the resuscitated man's flute stole gently «n our earl and senses, the. Air,- that sweet, pathetic,. American melody,— • ..Way downyapon de Swanuee nbcr, Happy was"I; s- i sei$ijiihg4iq Vin<&rpdrate; itself' with, the rustling of the leaves and the chirp of the tree Crickets and to harmonise with the twinkling liars and the perfumed summer evening until it added a solemn peaceful benediction:rupon the unbridled and reckless ."license of an Australian digging camp. Apprehending no evil consequences we had left a bottle of three star ELeri nessy for him to taper og, for Sauerkraut was not a constant toper, acid once thoroughly recovered lie would not touch the fatal be'verage for months to gether. "When able to shoulder pick and shovel he al ways worked hard again, and would often visit our log hut on Sun days, his eye bright'and his skin clear. Even Schneider was a different dog on these occasions, and dictated.and' wrote out volumes of canine affection on the door with liis tail.. The only apprehen sion which seem to: exist in Schneider's iniud—for there is 110 doubt he pos sessed bne—was brought into play by the sight of a bottle. Then he shrank apparently into his shaggy skin; and'he cauie rnore like a doormat than a dog. A gleam of • great pity xsrept into hia eyes, and his tail lay 'motionless beside him. But Sauerkraut never touched a * dram, after th6 first hospitable rflffer we never sought to tempt him. He was very grateful to us, and by desire would .produce his flute and while away the time delightfully. Front time to;time as the juonths and weeks rolled on,, he would drop m casually, leaving some times a present of wild lioney fresh in the'eomb, at others, a w.i 11 ahy. ora.brace of wild duck. About three months after tlie occa sion to which I have alluded Sauerkraut disappeared, and it was conjectured that his wandering habits had prevailed upoa him to leave the camp, and prospect in some 1 emote locality. Conjecture save place to certainty after a visit" tc his hut, where it was discovered tliat lit had takeo his gun, pick, shovel, and s»vag, leaving a note tacked .to the dooi containing the following information 11 his well-known German characters :— Jl.ys,—[ have £>ne to prospect the Cleve land lianiiiis, ami don't reckon to be; back 'for i fortnight. ■ > ' The- only way to these ranges lay through almost impenetrable ti-tree scrub, so thick that a track mast be cut with bill-hook or tomahawk, to give one even room to crawl on all-fours through it. But as we knew the traveller would not have to strike on to this peculiar country until a good half-clay's journey from Haunted Gully, so we felt anxious no longer, and soon grew accustomed to the absence of our friend"! One evening, as we were sitting in cheery confabula tion, however, we were star tled'by the sudden appearance of Schneider. Never before or since has there been $uch a dog. He was footsore, half blind, draggled, torn} and Weeding, Fipding that Sauerkrctut did not turn up with him, as we expected, we -became alarmed, the more so, as the poor animal appeared strangely excited, occasionally giving a low, moaning whine, and then a series of short, quick barks. We fed him, and he devoured the food ravea ously. . Then he drank eagerly, but every now and then rushed to the door, and finally conducted himself in such an outrageous fashion that we concluded that some accident had happened to his master; so getting our bottle lanterns we'let him out, late as it was, and followed him. From our log cabin he went to his master's abode. Once there, with more than canine, sagncity, he howled and rushed forward on the track leading away from it. Then dashing liaok and barking, he plainly showed us that we were to follow. We emerged from the gullies, pitfalls, and waterfalls of the loug dark hours on to, a small plain. Before lis, kissed by the sun, lay the Cleveland Ranges some ten miles oft". At the end of the plain, Jtirtree scrub rose like a solid wall,. " stretching away sideways Sand ahead/ as far as the ^ye could reach. . The mist \- was rolling aw^y in phantom columns, and we tsiew that the Wort before- us was no child's' play- Schneider went straight to tho ti tree. For the next six ih'iles we siruutgled througha track fr^hlily cut in' the scrub, in Some places having to crawl for. long distances j but «.t length gettingthrough, stiftj cramped, bruised, and utterly exhausted, we came to the watershed of a lovely creek, fringed with flowering eucalypti, ablaze with gorgeous parrots. The dog took us^to a rude bark guoyah. Inside lay Sauerkraut dead—a shot wound in his breast In the stiffene& fin«ers ^;hisA<it v ; ;- s: Haid^waS Jbis^pocfci^^ these lines 'were pencilled :-r—" I' have t ;i ;■ aeeidenijmtniy gaa.' If all—rehe shoot me. In the creek loolr. It is Tutiy tin —there is .^thousands.1' Heine the writ- - ing broke off. Denth had claimed bis victim. And i within: twerifcyyards of the tiorpse, the' gleaming lauglimg waters "wantoned over the veiy richest stream tin yet. discovered under this Southern <3roEis. ?v ; ' .What Sauerkraut had 'found, and perished in finding, proved jbo be a mine o£ wealth: to hundreds o{ diggers and : speculators, and' on'the spot;; where he ; died, a granite column,- surrounded by , an iron railing, bears the incnption — ? HANS HAUPTMANN, PfiEMlBR PlOXEEB AUtD FoUJfDEB •' : OF ' ' ; ' CLEVELAND TOWNSHIP. C • ■ ' It is needlessto say ^ia^/lwe took\ care of -S«ho<eider,: liut a 8<<ttled,«nelan< \- ; • • t^fy^p^»&ed-4ns; ? a .changed ;(do^'^atid on . y r going out./of t&e.; huM Xffinnd him pulseless, cold, and stiff ih fche oariy sun 'j-ays. > s ' - • •' • •• '• <'r-*•' •• Y . He had jtefji ;£ali^^^'i6^ci£tib. 