novelist. OR, Xiidy Cheiwyml s Spcc trc. BR MTIS. HAIUIIET LEWIS. CHATTER XXiX. MISTBKSS AND 3IAID. Young Ladj' Ohetwjrnd did not lose lier : - presenceof mind as.Fmck, springing from : - the cab, barred her further progress down the street. With a- great -oath, and with I >; outstretched hands, he .sprang fonvaul to jnlercppt her. But with the quickness of a ' - : ilash, i3»rnicc wlic^k'd and rnn in tlie direc tion slio had come, pas-ing the lodging : .house from which she Ji.nl just escaped-. Sbo' > ' liad barely passtd, when Mrs. Orowl anil the landlady, in a panic, camo'out of the house Li ^'-j nnd swiftly descended the steps in search of her. J -FJackand the two women bounded in 5 pursuit-of the joung fugitive,. The, hour, ^.was yet^-erirly, but .the sky w.-i3 fast darke'ri-? afiij-n film mist was beuuining^toIfSll? : t-r-' A .gae" lamp or two flickcied through1 !\;the wet. There were few people in the r - Btreet. Bernice had a briefstart >:oE-: her \- pursuers and flew on like a mad creaturc; /Sho turned the nearest corner-Instinctively? . ran a block, and turned a second corner before her pursuers appeared around the first. ^ ? -.There had been a momentary delay in>the , pursuit. The landlady had gone back to her .v open j.-.-.house. ? Mrs. . Crowl, remembering >; suddenlytbat she had not on licr bonuet, signalled-to the' cab Flack had summoned, -;;-i,-.--,'waited'.ior it to come iip, and continued her ' pursuit . in that. FJa'ck had been detained-for an instant by.lira. Orowl, who' had frantically begged him to Bummon the cab for her, and the delay-brief " "t8v it was-was most providential for'Ber nicc. - ' - ^ Flack, with a .muttered curse upon his con J "'federate for detaining him. dashed' on, . . turning tbexiorner as Bernicc.bad dono; but <lien,lie jmusccl, looking up and down the ? etreetI"uncertniiiwliichwny to go.vThus ..'^.'.occarred-.-anothe^^provid^ntial delay, con .v./retributing further to. the escape of the young fugitive. time in th'a ,\vay," .. muttered the man. " She's-gone down the : street." . -rnn .in the dinclion thus indicated. ? The cab, in which wns Mrs. Grow],-followed : liis guidance, and pai-std liim in the pursuit. Flack had not gone tnoie than a block-not fuither than the -ii-st corner-when he-be ; came convinccd tliat he had taken the wrong course. With nn audible oath, he turned and hastened in the opposite direc . . . lion. ? .' ? ' . , All this delay had. brcn fatal to him. ? ? Dcriiiae had sped on swiftly, turning . "Coiner after comer, without aim in her <course beyond the hope and design of placing , : «s .great a-distance as possible between herself and her pursuers. And she saw nothing whatever of them. Once or ?itjivice,^liearin(»;-Btep8 -.or ' the roll of a cab behind her, shccrouched in a doorway «nd 'waited until they had passed, but the ntrpg were not those of Flack, and the cab . .was ? not, that; in .which Mrs. Crowl was seated.- . - , . Gradually,, as the distance she had : traversed .became greater, and her heart throbbed fiercely, and sbo became weary and footeore, she slackened her speed .to a walk, yet she dared not sit down * to rest lest her enemies, should overtake her.; .'?/ ' .. . It seemed to her that she-had walked many miles when at last she came oat upon a wide, well-lighted street, where omnibuses were running and-cabs rattled swiftly up au^ down t ~~n street lined/with fine shops, and with plenty of promenaders, despite tl;e fine mist that was falling. : v This wa3 Oxford-street. Bernice mingled with the tide of pedestrians, and a fueling of pafety nnd security replaced her late tenor. Her. sricquo was on.her nrvri. She drew it on over her shoulders, adjusted her hat, and \- "walked on very slowly. She had-three pericc in her pocket, and -wore her watch and chain, which would serve :in emergency as money. . Cut where was she to spend the \--flight? She sat down upon the doorstep of a dark «raed house in a quiet street, so near to Ox , -ford-street- that she could hear the rattle of the omnibuses ' over the pavements. The bells of the church some where hear rang out the hour of eight. People passed her, but no one noticed her or epoke to her. " Perhaps I night slay here all night ?" Bernice thought, anxiously. \- She crept closer in the shadow of the tall ^ iron railing protecting the sides of the tall . 4 flight of steps. She had scarcely ensconced .? herself to her satisfaction, when a man came \- - hurrying along the street and ascended the very steps on which she was crouching. He drew ft latch-key from his pocket,. and while vainly endeavoring to fit it in the lock in the - darkness, his gaze fell upon ' Bernice. » " Here, you tramp," he said, roughly. 15e off with you, or I'll call a policeman. My steps are not a lounging-place for tramps ] . like you." Without a word Bernice arose and stag gered on. She had no word of pleading "nothing to say for herself-but move on \- like a shadow through the darkness and the mist. :. A little later she came out into a square, clingy and gloomy enough at best, but now dark ami dreary with.ifs spectral ga3-lights . and rows of frowning buildings on every side. This wasSobo Square. Bernice crossed the , square and passed into a narrow street bs-1 yond. . She could hear the rattle of Or ford-street omnibtisss and cabs on Oxford- street pave ment., but little more than a block away ; but this narrow street upon which she had entered out of Solio Square was very quiet. The houses were mostly darkened. From one house alone, the lower flOor of which was apparently oecttpied as a shop, streamed out a broad" glare of light which .was strangely alluring. Over the door was sua prndbd a sign, with the legend painted upon itiu gilt: . PXEUKE BOXOATEAU, : / Freir.h Confeitioncr. Bcrnice pa«ecrl b^Tore the confictionrrB window and looKed in. It was a bright, clear room, wiih a counter upon each side. Upon one counter wao every variety of French bread. .Upon the other counter were simple cakes in variety, and cups and saucers, showing that the little French shop was a resort for people out of Oxfoid 6trr et who dtsired a cup of real French colloe. - . .' . "How1 pleasant it is in. there 1 thought Bernice, looking vainly for the shopman or other ce'cupant of the establishment. "I'd lilica cii'pof coffee. It is a French shop; the name is Pierre Bongatenii. Was-hot Fifine's name Bongateau 1 I think so. Her father was a pastrycook, living in Suho Square, or just out of it. Was that. Sobo Square back yonder ? Perhaps this is Filine = father's shop." She continued to lcok into the room with longing eyes. A woican, with a basket on her arm, came liuirying-past Bernice, and pushingopen the door, entered- the shop. There was- a bell attached to the door,and it rang out sharply. A. woman cams out of the little back parlor behind the shop; and proceeded to wait upon the late customer. 1'iie shopwoman was French, ns was ap parent at a glance. She wore a trimly- fitting black gown, a jaunty little white apron; 11 i m med wi th cherry 1 ibbons, and a coquc t tish little white cap, with a cherry ribbon in that also. The daik sal low face underneath the cap, with bright, black eyes and a viva cious cxpress!on, struck Bernice as being strf>r.gely familiar. It was-yes, it was Fifine, her former maid. . Bernice watched the 'Frenchwoman with a wistful gaze. The customer came out presently with a wcll-fillecl basket, and Fifine began to cover the bread and cakes with a thin gauze, preparatory to closing tho shop for the night. " She is going to shut up," murmured Bcr nico. '' And then I shall be doubly alone. Fifine loved me. Stic was goodbearted.^ I am very tired. -1 wonder if she would give me shelter to-night, and not betray me to anyone., I Vrish 1 dared go in." -A noisy party of young, men came out of Oiford-stieet, approaching her.' As they drew near thty espied her, and one of them wiih a cliutiken laugh, endeavored to peer, into the girl's fncel ' . «'-IJ,:L'S see your face,.my beauty," lus hic coughed. " What'--shy -.Here,"''boys, something new*. A-' girl actually1 shy,v«il-" ! tHouuli^'he's^in Jjondon'slrccts alQne atltliisj hour. B ill 1 she's acting, I'll have the kiss, or.we'll go horne'wltn youj ixiy dear, or, both. Now for it 1" i He put ou t his arm to.: clasp her waist. Willi a stifled sereain'Bernicc sprang away from- liim and . ran - into the pastry cooli's thop, the bell on' the door ringing loudly, ' Fihne* tumid towards the new comer and glanced also out of the door. She comprehended the cause of. the. abrupt in-, gress. " Sit down, Mademoiselle,'\ shoy said, in her soft Frcnch accent. "The men will Eoon.bc gone.- You.are safe here." . Bernice's hair veiled her,faco.ii Sho flung it back with.a stiddun gesture, pushed back her shabby, limp little' hat; and ; stood re? veale'd, .pale, despairing, yet -wondrously beautiful. " ' . ' .« Fifinci" she said, softly, :'!. you think me dcadT "I am changed, I know jibut don't you1 kirow me - ??-?*. The voice wa3 rccosniscd sooner than the lovely face. Fi lino staggered back with a great g isp, and : then; believing that she looked upon a spectre, gave a piercing scienvn and fvll to the floor in a swoon, * The noisy r.ivl lawless young men whoso insults had driven Bernice to seek refuge in the French confectioner's shop; passed "on .when' they saw their intended victim enter the shop door. No one in the house was aroused by the Ecream of Fifine. Bernice j devoted herself with all haste to the re covery of the Frenchwoman. Her efforts were soon rewarded by the gradual return of Fifine: to consciousness, ! The Frenchwoman gave a great gasp similar to that she had given when, fainting and | opened her eyes, only to close them again tigh tly, and to repeat her scream with addea vigor and fierceness. | Lady Chetwynd stooped over the recum. bent figure, and said, in a tono of gentle authority : "Hush, Fifine you will have the police here in a moment more. Compose youfsclf. Can yon not comprehend that I am Lady Chetwynd ?" Fifine gathered up-her sprawling figure into the shape of a ball, and rocked herself to and fro frantically, crying- out sbrilly in the French language: " «' Oh, heaven 1 it's a ghost 1 It's a warning ! 1 am not longfor this world 1 I'm-to be cut oil in my youthful prime. Oh, the good Lord have pity 1 My good father 1 My poor mother!" She shrank away into the farther corner. Lady Caetwynd followed her, expostulating, entreating, reasoning. As the Frenchwoman grew Eomowhat calmer, Bernice laid her white, cool hand upon the hand of her former maid, saying: " Grasp my band,Fifine. ' There you seel am flesh and blood. Don't tremble and moan so. It is I, indeed, Fifine. I did not die, as you thought," Fifinc'd faith that her visitor was a ghost was staggered. The Frenchwoman's native sense began to assert itself. Her memory, too, was quickened, and she recollected various incidents tbat had transpired during the past few days that went far to proclaim thefacttbat Lady Chetwynd had escaped the grave and was still living. " There, you see it is I, and not a ghost," said Lady Chetwynd, as Fifine's limp bo»!y began to stiffen, and Fifine's eyes began to assume their normal proportions. " Haven't you a kind word for mo, Fifine ? I am in sore need of a friend. I had no intention of seeking you. I came upon you by chance. Will you give me a night's shelter, and will you, keep my secret, Fifine? I want no one, noi even Lord Chetwynd, to know that Hive?" n . " What, docs not my lord know ? cued Fifine, amazed. "No. Promise me tbat you will keep my secret, that you will tell no one that Lady Chetwynd lives. Swear it, Fifine." "I promise-I swear it," said Fifine, in an awe struck voice. " But, my lady, I cannot understand how it is that you live and that my lord does not know it." " I will explain. Remember that you are bound by an oath to keep your secret. But first, are wa alone?" and Lady Chet wynd glanced toward the door of the rear ^i^Yes, mylady, we are alone in the house. The good father and mother went to the French theatre to-Hgbt, and I am alone in charge. I am a lady's maid now as before, my lady, but my m^'strees is at tfce opera tbisevening, and I am privileged to remain here until eleven o'clock. You can si>cak freely, my lady-no one will hear us." There was a timorous look still on the girl's face, which Lady - Chetwvnd marked. "I see, Fifine," she said, " that even now you arc Dot altogether persua led that I am 110 spectiv. Does it seetn so improbable that 1 should have been coffined and consigned to the burial vault while I was in . a state of tra; c ? It ia strange and improbable, I know, but it is true, and n.ine is not the only case of burial during a trance re sembling death. I5ut one person alone sus pcted that animation was only suspendfd, not annihilated, within me, and tbatwasMr. Monk." - .' My faith 1 And Mr. Monk rescued you, my lady ?" In response to this exclamation, Uernice told Fifiue her pitiful story, including Lord Chctwynd's intended marriage with Sy'via Mont, and Gilbert Monk's avowal of his love io her. She ended by saying : .*I have tried to get a situation as gover ness. I have but three psnce in my pocket to night, and I am ahcltcrless." "Not shelterless while Fifine lives, jnv lady, I will keep your secret. No hypocrite nor mock sympathy from any one can drag it from mc," exclaimed the Frenchwoman, volubly. "Ah 1 my lady, yon were kind to me, and I do not forget it. I wish I might iivc with you again, although I have a good mistrc-ES now. You shall Btay here, my room is unused here, and you shall have it. The good father and mother need not sus pect who you arc, my lady. Letihem'think you Miss G ivyn, a new lodger, a lady I used to know. Shall it b°. so ?" "If you please, Fifine. You comfort me." . " And yon need comfort, poor infant 1" said Fifine,"and airain rubbinff her eyes in dustriously. '. Was ever such sorrow, such romance, such despair ? Ah I my lady, the falsa husband shall nofc f^nd you here. You are safe here. It may be that I can get you a situation as companion, my lady," she said with a start and sudden flush. " And then 1 could serve 'you still, though secretly. My mistress has sought a companion of ac complishments for a month past. She wants ajoung lady who pan sing and play the pianoforte and read French-a dressed-up lady, whom she will treat as a lady ; for, with all her proud ways, my mistress is a lady to her heart's core. I'll rccomvncnd you to her as Miss Gtvyn, my former mistress in reduced circumstances, and she. has such faith in me that she will gladly engage you, I have been with her since the week after your ladyship died-that is, was buried." " Oh, Fifine, if yon could only get this place for me 1 I feel so lost, go cast out into the great world, so hopeless and forlorn. Who is your isrnistress ?' V Lady Diana Northwick, madamo. She's a beauty and a bell's, and cokl as ice. I'll speak to Lady Diana this very night, and to-morrow, my lady, you shall be at your new home. Let me get you a cup of coffee, my lady," said the Frenchwoman. " Come .into the little back parlor." Fifine conducted her former mistress into the rear room, / where wax 'candles were burning, and an-air of easiness prevailed; Bornice sauk into an easy- chair which Fifine drew to the table, ' and the maid bustled about, preparing a cup of strong French coffee.. She.brought it, alibiack and steaming -to; Lady Chetwynd, with a - roll. " -The marchioness (drank -the fragrant beverage1 eagoily. j " I H'on.ler," said Jifinc.'thoaghfcfully," if' niy.lorci does-not snspect that you \live, my lady. There was a man here the olherilay, my mother tells mo, a gentleman, a swell, with an eyeglass and canc, who asked-for nie..He came to.Lady Diana's to see me. And what did the miserable want? Why, only to ask what dress your ladyship was buried in, and if it had a fine dam in the lace under the sleeve ? Of course it had. Did I not darn the rent myself, and was it not well done ? lie brought the dress to nie," and .1 identified it. But 'what did lie mean ?. Tbcre is a mystery here which has puzzled me much." . . "Iknow no such person as yon dcEcribei Fifine, and I cannot tidufc who he can be, butlleft my dress at the Park- thc-last time I iWas there, and securely -hidden, , as I thought. So they have found it? Ah, he must have been sent to you by old llngficl" crjed Bcrnicc, paling suddenly. «?' Fifine,' that woman has twice tried to"taike my life. I am- afraid of licr. She bas found <bo dress and has employed some one to seek for -mc.". . v . " You must be right, my lady, for my mother - tells mc that a strange heathen woman has been here twice, asking singular questions, and wanting to bo taken in as lo'ger. :She was, very anxious to know if my mother had ft lady lodging hero, and she stayed in the shep many hours watching the door of this room as a cat watches a mouse. My mother thought her demented. I could not think who she might be;, but she is Bagee I feel ready to swear." ' " She will come again. She is cruel, re morseless, pitiless. She ia like a human tigress thirsting for my blood. Fifine, in Heaven's name, promise me that you will keep my secret; that, not even to Lord Chet wynd himself will you reveal the fact that I live; promise?" "I swear to keep your secret, my lady, until you yourself give me leave to tell it I" said Fifine, solemnly, "I will not betray you even to my owa parents or to my mis tress." _ "Then you must cease to call me *my .ady,' Fifine. I am only Miss G-wyn-Miss Bernicc Gwyn you can call me. 1 shall pot have to relinquish my own name of Ber niee." Fifine approached and removed the empty cup. Then she took Lidy Chetwynd's hand and kissed it affectionately, mentally regis tering a vow to be true to the promise she had given, the solemn oath she had taken, and to befriend and protect her former young mistress to the best of her ability. A sound of the rattling of heavy wooden shutters was now heard. "It is my father," said Fifine. "He is putting up the shutters. The father and mother have returned from the theatre, and I must go soon to my m;stres3. I will wait to commend your ladyship to the care of the good mother." The shop door was pushed open, the bell ringing violently. Fifine's parents bad re turned. Lady Chetwynd rose up taking off her limp little hat, and awaited their ap pearance. Fifine ran and opened the door leading into the 6hop, and called out volubly : " Is it you, my father ? Hasten this way. I have a guest to consign to your care before I leave. Come I": 