LAND QUESTION. [Prom the Burra Record.] As in these colonies we notice, according to,the English press, the land question, with all its surroundings and difficulties is rapidly coming to the front in the old. land, and the people are fast turning their attention from 'political to social matters, the main one .relating to.the land/. On the one hand ihe majorities are beginning to grasp the idea that the soil and the minerals under it iare the property, of the people, and that they -cannot honestly be alienated, and that those who now possess them are depredators and trespassers. Moreover, that it was never intended that immense portions of this vast inheritance of the people shonld remain at waste in order to afford amusement to others who spend the enormons income derived therefrom in demoralising, unprofitable, wasteful ways; thus as it were, injuring the community and compelling thousands of Englishmen to- leave their country, being deprived of means of support there. "This process," _ says an exchange; "is at " the present time." The constant complaint at lome, being that men who are willing and able to work cannot get it. The consequence is that those who can scrape together a few pounds seek work and wages elsewhere, while the large majority is obliged to remain at home and either starve or crawl into one of those hells npion earth—the destitute asylum. But, on the other hand, it is contended, as we have heard it many times here in South Australia, that those who impoverish their fellows by monopolising the land and all that is upon and beneath it are fully justified in ''doing what they like with tbeir own." And this is one of their argument:—"Granting, that the earth was once a the common inheritance of the species, it must be remembered that the inheritors have, through their lawfully constituted rnlers, parted with their property, and have in most:eases received an equivalent for it, in the sbape of either eminent services, substantial improvements, or else of actual payment of money, generally at the then market value of the land ; and these transactions have been deliberately ratified and acknowledged by the laws of file country, in which the inheritors acquiesed from time immemorial." It is now being contended that these so-called rights and privileges were obtained by both force and fraud. The people who were thus cruelly plundered were unable to protect themselves against the plunderers. The so-called "legally con- stituted rulers" of the time when the land was mostly taken away from the multitude and given to a very few favourite and privileged persons, who, nnder no popular control, did what they liked, took what they pleased, and their will was the law. Vast estates became private property (?), and the majorities had not a word in the transaction. But ye are glad to notice the matter is beginning to occupy attention amongst our parents and friends, who are obliged to stand to the land of their birth, and as the facts crop up they will be most assuredly enquired into and examined. Hence, we maintain that before long the point will arise as to whether robbery, spoliation, and usury can be condoned by the fact that they have been continued for centuries. We feel the time is not far distant when the question will be asked whether wholesale plunder can be legalised by the action of what are termed "constituted rulers" of years back ? and, if so, whether their nefarious pioneerings cannot be revoked by those of the present time ? With us in this new country, the land question is occupying much attention, and the masses of the people are beginning to see that if they do not keep their eyes open, the old landlordism which is causing so much disturbance in the old world will result, and hence a feeling is ripening fast against the principles. We have no doubt the coming elections will prove the fact—by the return of candidates totally opposed to private ownership of land in the sense it is recognised at home. THE PHAKTOM TBAIST.—A story comes from Valcartie, on the line of the Lake St. John Railway, in Canada, to the effect that a mysterious light resembling a locomotive's head light was seen crossing and recroSBing the Jacques Cartier Bridge one night recently, though no locomotive was there, and no sign of any person could be found on the bridge or line near it. The same phenomenon, it is claimed, has been frequently seen before, and the apparition is known in the locality under the name of "The phantom train," popular superstition ascribing its running to the ghost of a conductor who met his deatK on the line some years ago. That a etrau»e light is occasionaly seen on the bridge seems to be unquestionable, as so many respectable eople vouch for its appearance. Heads of families cannot do better than buy {heir boots and Shoes at Maoklin's, Rundle-st 